28
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 15,
amount of spoils, of the largest patronage of of-
fices civil and military, and the disbursement of a
revenue, that the world has ever known. Their
second purpose ls to annihilate slavery everywhere
in the United States; and their third one is, after
the constitutions and the liberties of the States are
subverted by their usurpations of power, to hold
the States together upon the fragments of a shat-
tered Constitution by the despotic, military, im-
perial power wliich they intend to found upon the
revolution and ruin of our entire system.
Sir, in relation to th'e particular subject before
the Senate, I would ask, how many negro soldiers
are now in the service of the United States, and
how many of them are prisoners ? The Secretary
of War reports some fifty thousand, if I recollect
aright. I believe there is no such number. I
doubt whether there are, in actual service, half
that number fit and armed for military duty; but
they say they will go on conscripting and enlist-
ing and organizing until they raise a negro force
of three hundred thousand. The Secretary of
War, as I understand, says that he intends to
commence enlistments of the negro population,
free and slave, into the regular Army for five
years. The General-in-Chief proclaimed months
ago-—1 give the substance and meaning of his lan-
guage—that we would carry on this war triumph-
antly to the subjugation of the rebels, and when
it closed we would plant our feet upon the necks
of the sneaks (to use his phrase) who had dared
to oppose the war policy of the President. Sir,
you could never enlist a white force to do that
work of despotism, of crime, and of cruelty. The
general-in-chief for such a work must have a
force of Janizaries, such as the Ottoman Porte
had,orof Mamelukes, like that force of the Pacha
of Egypt, to execute his vile and diabolical be-
hests. But even those palace guards of half bar-
barian despots became so intolerable that they
were exterminated by their employers.
But, sir, do these high military dignitaries con-
template that this war is to continue five years
from this time ? It would seem so, from the re-
ported decimations of policy by Mr. Stanton. A
distinguished man in the West, who was at one
time a member of the other House of Congress,
told me that a major general in the service of the
United States now in command, who has rendeied
distinguished service in the field, told him that if
Mr. Lincoln was defeated at the next presidential
election, he would not yield his seat of power to
ins successor, but would hold on it, and this he
could only do by the Army. 1 suppose these
negro Janizaries and Mamelukes who are now
about to be enlisted into the regular Army, under
Such leaders as Fiemont and Hunter and other
negro generals, are to be organized as the impe-
rial guards or praetorian bands, to enable them
to retain the power which they contemplate, if
necessary, to continue by usurpation, by the force
and power of the Army, if they do not succeed
in electing a successor to the President by the in-
terference of the military at the polls to control the
elections.
Sir, here is another phase of the spasmodic at-
tempt of "the powers that be" to repeal the un-
alterable law of the God of our common natuie,
which has decreed the negro to occupy a subor-
dinate condition to the white man. Ail the false
philanthropy, till the hypocritical pretensions, all
the best devised schemes that shallow statesmen
and pretended philanthropists and loud hypocrites
and demagogues may make to repeal this unal-
terable law of Jehovah, and to bring up the negro
losocial and political equality with the white man,
will fail. Weak men have arisen to force this
equality on the white race, and measure strength
with the Omnipotent upon this great question of
races, but their utter discomfiture will prove to
them how powe«less is puny man when he would
interfere with the providence oftho Eternal. There
is upholding that law of our Creator the sentiments,
organizations, and j evulsion of the white race. It
never has, and I b< heve never will, aeceptany such
equality. Why,then,shall the miserable authori-
ties at the other end of Pennsylvania avenue in-
sist that the languishing, starving, diseased, and
dying white man shall still remain in Libhy p> ison,
meiejy to ke<-j> the negio out of it? Was there j
anything m the po!i  y or .tdminiMiation of men |
ever so .--huiid, so inhuman, and so wicked 5 ;
Sir, a good many of us probably have luridicd (
in Libby prison. I have. I know the nature an<l
nobleness of my nephew there, and I know that
if he was in a class of white men which the rebel
authorities would refuse to exchange, and even
the negroes could be exchanged without the white
men, he would say to the negroes,and with how
much more alacrity and emotion would he say to
hiss white comrades, " though I cannotfollow you
to the home of my fathers, to my loved native
land, to glorious old Kentucky, let the piison
door swing wide open, and you who can go free
as the mountain air."
Sir, in conclusion, this policy is eminently in-
sulting as well as cruel to the white prisoners. It
marks the incapacity, the dogged obstinacy, and
the heartless cruelty of the Secretary of War and
of the General-in-Chief. I have no doubt that it
was with them that this policy originated of no
exchange of white prisoners unless the negroes
too are exchanged. It will be rejected and cor-
rected by the great and generous and true people
of America. No, Mr. President, I say away with
all negro equality. It is impossible; and when 11
is sought to bring that visionary and mischievous
principle to the continuance of white men in a
starving, diseased, and languishing prison, until
the negroes can also go free, it is cruel and out-
rageous.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I move the
reference of the resolution to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. JOHNSON. Will the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts waive his motion for a moment?
Mr. WILSON. Certainly.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I need not
say to the honorable member from Kentucky that
I hold his opinions upon all questions, either of
law or of morals, in high respect; and therefore,
when I rise to express a difference of opinion as
to some of the legal propositions which he has
stated, he will understand me as doing it under
the influence of that very sincere respect.
His resolution, if I understand it correctly, de-
clares that the refusal of the rebel authorities to
exchange negro soldiers whom they have cap-
tured, or the officers who may have been in com-
mand of colored soldiers, is no reason why the
exchanging should not go on as to other classes.
He may not only apply his principle to colored
soldiers and the officers of colored soldiers, but to
any other Has*? whom the rebel authorities may
refuse to exchange. It is due to myself to say
that in that opinion I entirely concur. Whether
m point of fact the exchanges have been arrested
upon the ground assumed hypothetically in the
resolution offered by the member from Kentucky,
I am not advised; but assuming that ground to be
the concct one, I submit to the Senate, as in my
judgment poifectly clear, that policy,and human-
ity, which is always the highest policy, would
demand that exchanges should, notwithstanding,
be permitted to go on. There are, I suppose, now
in the hands of the rebel government, or I will
assume that there are in the hands of the rebel
government, some one hundred or two hundred
colored soldiers, with some two or three ofliceis
commanding them—white men; and it is said that
the lebel government lefuse, and mean to insist
upon that icfusal, to deliver them up at any time
hereafter; that tiny will hold them lesponsible to
the authorities of the respective States hom which
the negroes may have come or in which the ne-
groes may be, or responsible to the authority of
the confederate govei nment. Now, all that I think
would be necessary, m order to meet a proposition
of that sort, would be to keep m our own hands
the like number of their prisoners, and treat such
number precisely in the same modem which they
are treating or may hereafter treat the negro sol-
diers and their white commanders. We have done
that in an instance which is quite familiar of course
to the Senate. The rebel authorities thought
proper, for some cause which they said justified
it, but in my opinion cleai ly did not, to seize upon
two of our officers, men of high repute, unques-
tioned loyalty to us, especially dear to the Slates
from which they respectively came, with a determ-
ination that they should be hung; and, instead of
refusing to exchange the prisoners generally that
we had at that time, all that the Executive did i
was to place in close confinement, with a decla-
ration ol a purpose to deal with them thereafter
a? our own nv n Msou.d be dealt with by therebd 1
government, two of the rebel officers in our pos-
session—a General Lee and somebody else; but
notwithstanding that, the exchanges went on in the
usual way.
I repeat, therefore, that assuming as true the
facts stated in the resolution proposed by the
member from Kentucky, I think he is right m
saying that policy and humanity demand that the
exchange, with such exceptions as may be ne-
cessary to meet the particular exigency, should
go on. Unless all reports are false, we have thou-
sands and thousands of soldiers, dear to us all,
now in the prisons in Richmond and elsewhere,
who are almost in a state of staivation. If wu
adhere to this principle of refusing to exchange
until we can get included within the privilege of
exchange the black soldiers and their white offi-
cers, the few who are in possession of the rebels,
nobody can tell how many of these good men of
ours, pati iotic men, gallant men, who at the very
tap of the drum rallied to support the Constitution,
may have fallen victims to the barbarity of the
rebels. Hence, as far as the particular resolution
is concerned, provided the fact be as the Senator
fiom Kentucky supposes in the iesolution it to
be, I should vote in favor of his resolution.
But I hope sincerely that the fact is not cor-
rectly stated in the resolution. I can hardly be-
lieve that the President of the United States, the
Secretary of War. or the General-in-Chief would
go to the extent of refusing to exchange the thou-
sands and thousands of prisoners who are m our
possession, when, by doing so, they could get
absolved from their captivity the thousands who
are in the possession of the rebels, upon the mere
ground that the rebel government has refused to
release some one hundred ortwo hundied prison-
ers of a certain class, for reasons peculiar to that
class. I suppose,although peihapsit is not dis-
tinctly stated, that what the Senator means is that
there should be an exchange of man for man, if
the rebel government are willing to exchange man
for man, and of course the exchanges will stop
whenever they refuse to deliver man for man; and
when we come to ask for the exchange of these
negro soldiers and their officers, if they refuse to
include them in the exchange, we will retain in
our own hands a numberof their prisoners equiv-
alent to the number of that class who may be in
their possession.
But 1 did not rise, Mr. President, so much for
the purpose of expressing concurrence in the ob-
ject which the Senator has in view, as disclosed
by his particular resolution, as to express with
all becoming deference a difference of opinion
upon one or two of the questions which he has
so ably presented to the Senate. 1 am not suie
that I exactly caught the argument by the m^m-
bei fiom Kentucky, and if 1 state it incorrectly I
beg that he will put me right. If I understood
him aright, he denies not only to the Piesident
the authority to call upon soldiers of African de-
scent, whether free or slave at the time they may
be called upon, but he denies to Congress the au-
thority to authorize the President to call soldieis
of that class.
Mr. DAVIS. If the honorable Senator from
Maryland will permit me 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster.)
Does the Senator from Maryland give way to the
Senator Horn Kentucky?
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS. I merel y suggested that question;
and while I expressly declared my concurrence in
the affirmative, yet m my aigument I forbore to
make and to press the question.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not think, then, Mr.
President, that 1 have in substance misappie-
hended tne honorable member. The power of
the President of the United States to put down
insurrection or invasion is altogether an executive
power; the power to provide for the manner in
which itshall be done is a legislative power. The
latter is, by the Constitution of the United States,
devolved upon Congress; the other upon the I>resi-
dent. _ The language of the two clauses of the
Constitution—the one designating the legislative
department and the powers which the depui iment
snail exercise, and the other designating the ex-
ecutive department and the powers which that
depai tment shall exercise—is not tin* same. The
honorable member will find, I tun sure, that I am
right in this. If he look to the firstai tide of the
