1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
S027
to other similar interests with which we have to
compete. We refer to the article of woolen mit-
tens and gloves. The latter pays ti tax on the
increased value of the yarn used. All wc want,
as a competing business, is to pay the same tax on
the increased value of the goods we manufacture.
This subject was thoroughly discussed in the
Senate, and the yeas and nays being ordered on
the passage of this amendment there were but five
dissenting votes. These manufacturers are per-
fectly waling to pay any fair tax that Congress
chooses to impose upon them, but they think, as
the bill originally stood without this amendment,
it would be an act of oppression to them and in-
justice to their interests.
Mr. Speaker, I leave this question with the
•House, confident that they will not allow the busi-
ness of these men to be destroyed by exorbitant
and onerous taxation. I trust the liouse wiii
concur in the amendment.
Mr. MORRILL. I should be very glad in-
deed to have the House oblige the gentleman
from New York, who so seldom troubles us with,
any impertinent addresses, but I desire to state
the facts in this case. The amount of revenue
involved in the amendment is very small, but the
piinciple is very important. As 1 understanu
there are in a single town in New York parties
■who tan sheep-skins and deerskins for gloves,
mittens, and moccasins, and they ask to have
these fine skins exempted from taxation. There
is no more propriety in exempting them than there
would be in exempting leather made into shoes or
harness, if we are to adopt the principle in this
case we furnish a precedent for shoemakers and
harness-makers to come here and claim that there
shall be no tax 011 leather that is put into boots
and shoes and harness and ti units. I hope the
House will keep the bill cl'-or or" any such prm- ^
cipie as that. :
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to ■
close debate 011 the amendment. j
The motion was agreed to. I
The question was taken; and the amendment i
was concurred m, amid much laughter. j
The four hundred and seventieth and four ;
hundred and seventy-first amendments were read, j
as follows: i
Strikeout" one eighth" andmsort'-onetwenty-fourth. ' 1
Sfiil-'e out "halt year' ami iiiseit <• mouthso that the j
section will read :
That there shall be levied, collected, and paid a outy ol
one twenty iouith of one per cent, each month upon the
avei ago amount of thedeposits of money. subject to payment
by check or draft, with any petson, bank, association, or
corpoiauon engaged m the bus.ness ol banking.
Mr. HOLMAN. I believe the Committee of
Ways a,id Means lecommeuds noil-concurrence
in all of these amendments.
The SPEAKER. In oil of them.
Mr. PHUYN. I would like to mquue whether
there is any difference made between the btato
banks and the national banks.
Mr. IIOLMAN. The House section, as it
originally stood, placed the national banks and
the&State banks on the same footing, but there
is a discrimination made between tliem in the
Senate amendments. As the Committee of Ways
and Means recommends non-concurrence, theic
can be no objection to that course.
Mr. GANiSON. I call for a separate vote 011
these amendments. I do s_o for the puipose of
asking the Committee of Ways and Means why
it recommends non-concurrence in them. _ ij
Mr. MORRILL. For the purpose of offering :|
a substitute lor the whole section: with the van- ij
ous amendments it makes a long and rather eon- 1
fused section, which could be drawn better in half J
the space. The Committee of YV ays and Means ij
has also another purpose in recommending 11011- j!
concurrence. We piopose to fix about the same
rate of taxation on the State banks and 011 the ^
national banks, with this difference: batiks having
a large capital, instead of being restricted in the ,
issue of notes to 90 per cent, of their capita], are
to be further restricted by a proportionally large ,
tax on the issue. These hanks do not object to ,
t'>Mr GANSON. Do I understand from the ;
nentleman iiom Vermont that if these amend- ,
nients be concurred in the State banks will stand .
so far as the tax is concerned precisely as the ,
national banks? i
Mr. MORRILL. Not precise,y. _
The amendments were nen-toncuii.u 1.1.
Five hundred and twelfth amendment:
Insert:
And upon the annual gains, profit?, or income, rent?, and
dividends acciutns upon any property, securities, and stocks
owned in the United States by any citizens of the United
States residing abioad, not in Uie employment of the Gov-
ernment of th i United States, thoie shall be levied, col-
lected, and paid a duty of 2 per cent, more than on resi-
dent citizens.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I hope
that that amendment will be non-concurred in.
The whole seciion, as amended by the Senate, is
crude, and 1 hope th'at it will be referred to a com-
mittee of conference.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask for a separate vote,
that it may go to the committee of conference as
an instruction.
The amendment was non-concurred m.
Five bundled and thirty-sixth amendment:
Add: , , ,
Nm- shail the portion of premiums returned by mutual
life insurance companies to their policy holdeis be con-
sulted as uivuiends or profits undoi this act.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
Mr. WOODBIUDGE. I hope that that amend-
ment will be concuned in. I think that these
mutual life insurance companies should be en-
couraged. They are already becoming savings
institutions in which the poor provide for their
families. In England the Government itself has
authorized the Chancellor of the Exchequer to
issue the highest possible rate of premiums,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Jlllinois, moved to
close debate on the amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
The House divided; a-td there v:ere-*-nyos
eighty-two, noes not counted.
"So'iho Amendment way concurred in.
T«"j vo hundred and twenty-sixth amendment:
In the section leeitmsjihe vaiious u\ laws, stuke out
the words " and upon the execution of new bond-*, or tnk-
uu; anew the oath of office,"aud siifecit m lieu thereof the
following: , , ..
Jlnd provided further, That no dueet tax whatever shall
be 01 collated utuirr this or any other act ot
Connies herKofoie parsed, until Congie^ shall cnact an-
other law requnmg sucli assessment *uid collodion to be
made.
I Mr. HOLMAN. The one hundred and ecv-
j enty-fifth section of this act substantially accom-
j plishcs the same purpose, and 1 ask that it be
read. i j
The Clerk read, as follows: ;
That the onp hundred and nineteenth section of an act j
onuiied "An act to provide internal revenue lo Mi;>n<>it
the Government and to pay interest on th'* public deut, • ;
approved July 1, 13W, shall remain in iuit force.
Mr. HOLMAN. It will be observed that the
Senate have unintentionally omitted to strike out
that section. There is 110 necessity for retaining
that, because it only suspends the collection of t.ie
direct taxes for 18G5. Tlieainendracntbefore us
is an entire repeal ot tile act ot 1S6~.
) trust that this amendment of the Senate will
be concurred in. There is 110 better way to col-
lect these taxes than by indirection. It approaches
nearest to the old mode of securing nuenue by
duties upon imports. It is not felt to the same
extent as a direct tax.
I will say that if any thing could give commence
in the financial policy of the Government on the
part of the agricultural portions of the Union it
would be the fact that we have abandoned Uie law
for the collection ofdirecttaxes, and provfded for
the imposition of duties in such manner as to be
. 1 . ,  1. It is like the old
ment inserting in lieu of tho word to be stricken
out the following:
But the printing of said forms, decisions, and regulations
shall he done ot the public printing office, unless thePtlb.ic
Printer shall be unable to perform the work.
So that the clause will read:
lie [Commissioner of Internal Revenue] may aho con-
tract tor or procure the plintirig of requisite form*, (decis-
ions, regulations, and advertisements, but the printing of
said fotins, decisions, anil regulation!? siiaii be done at the
public printing office, unless tlte Public Printer shall be un-
able to perform the work.
The amend ment to the amendment wasagreed to.
The amendment,as amended, was concurred in.
Eighth amendment:
On pageG, stiike out the sixth section, as follows:
Sec. 6. And be il furtlw.r enarted, That the President of
tile United Stales be, and he is hereby, authorized to ap-
point, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, a
competent person, who shall be called the cashier of inter-
nal duties, with a salary of $2,500, who shall have charge of
the moneys received in the office of the Commissioner of
Internal Ilevcime, and shall perform such duties as may be
assigned to his office bv said Commissioner, underthe reg-
ulations of tiie Seeretai y of the Treasury, and before enter-
ing upon lus duties as cashier he shall give a bond with
sufficient sureties, to be approved by tlte Secretary of the
I Treasury and by the Solicitor, that He will faithlully ac-
count for all tiie moneys or other aitteies of value belong-
in" to the United States winch may come into his hands,
anil pcrfoun ail the duties enjoined upon his office accord-
ing to law and regulations, asafoiesaid ; which hondshal.
be deposited with the Fiist Comptroller ol the Treasury.
Tho Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrcnce in the same, with an amend-
ment inserting in lieu of the section to be strickon
out the following:
Sec. 6. And le it further enacted, That the President of
the United States be, and he is hereby, autlioilzcd to ap-
point, by and wi'b the advice and consent of the Senate, a
competent person, who shall lie called tile caslnerof mtor-
na! duties with a salary of §2,SCO, who shall have charge
of ihe moneys t iscoivcd m tlte otlieool tl <? Commission<T of
Internal Revenue, and shall pay over tho same daily totiie
'i'tea^uier of die United States, and shall perform such du-
ties as may be assigned to lnsollicebysaui Ootnniussioner,
mulct the legations of the Seeretai y of lhcTrea<ntiy,and
belore entcung upon his duties as cashier lie shall give a
bond with sufficient stueties, to be appmved by the ^cc-
tetaiy of the Tieanury and by die Solicitor, that he i -il!
faithfully account for'all the moneys or other aiticb-s m
value belonging to the United States v.-hleh may ooitiii
into his hands, and pertoim all the duties enjoined upon
his offiee accoidins to latv and legttlations, .ilmnJ id 1
which bond shall bo deposited with tho first Comptroller
of the Treasury.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed 10.
The amendment, as amended, was concui red in.
Thirty-eighth amendment:
less burdensome to the people .
policy of raising forty or fifty millions by indirec-
tion which the people did not feel at all. We levy
the duties on the manufacturers themselves. We
have made tliat the policy as approaching more
nearlv the old policy. , ,
Mi. WASHBUElNE, of Illinois, moved that
debate be closed on the amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
The amendment was concurred in.
The SPEAKER. The House has disposed of
all the amendments of the Senate except those m
which the Committee of Ways and Means rec-
ommend a concurrence with amendments.
The Clerk proceeded to read the amendments,.
Third amendment:
On yaje 2, Line thirty, stiike out" and."
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
r.i'jtided eoncuricnce in the same, with A*i amend-
On pa"e la, iinesixty-fou^inseitthe \void-s " or neglect,
except in ca-es of sickness or absoncc Irom she State;" -so
that the clause will read:
\nd 111 cose of the retain of a false or fiauduleut list «
valuation, he shall add 100 per edit. to such duly ; ana in
case of a refusal or in-elect, except in case3 of sickness or
absence horn the State, to make a list or return,or to verity
till! same as atore-a,d. lie shall add 30 per cent, to audi duty.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence in the same, with a.i amend-
ment striking out from tho words proposed lo bo
inserted, the"words " from the State.'
The amend me nt to theamendmcnt was agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was concurred in.
Fifty-eighth amendment:
Oa page 34, at tho end of section twenty-oue, strike out
'h\nd t'he'Sud court shall also render judgment against the
sail! asse.ssor or assistant assessor for doable the amount of
damages su-tained 111 favor oi the p.iuy injured, to be col-
lected by execution.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence in the same, with an amend-
ment inserting the matter proposed to be st ricken
out, and striking out the word "double 111 tne
second line of said amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to,
The-amendineut, as amended, was concurred 111.
Sixty-eighth amendment:
Inseit after section twenty-two tho following as a new
se?fc"i. And he ti further enacted, That If any assessor
tlrill demand of, or lccelvo directly or indirectly from, any
assist'int assessor, as a condition of his appointment to or
continuance 111 his said office of assistant assessor, any
portion 01 the compensation herein allowed such assist-
ant assessoi, or any other consideration, Such assessor bo
otfendin" shall be summarily dismissed from ofiiee, and
slmll be liable to a line ot not less than «50 upon emo-
tion of said offense 111 any distuct or circuit court of t e
United States of tiie district in wlucli such offense ma) bo
committed.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence in the same, with an amc-ne-
ment striking out " g50" and uisertniS >>00
I The ameml ment to the amendment van agreed to.
1 The amendment, as amended, was coneurieu 1.1
