1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
Constitution he will find that it is preceded by a
preamble, which says that Congress shall have
the powers "herein granted;" arid those words
necessarily exclude thepossession of any powers
except such as are delegated expressly, or as may
reasonably be implied from such as are expressly
delegated. The clause which confers the execu-
tive power is yet more sweeping, and has been
held to be more sweeping by many of the most
enlightened constitutional jurists of the country.
It declares that " the executive power" shall be
vested in the President, and the opinion has been
entertained by veiy many very able men that
every power which belongs to the Government,
and which is in its nature executive, (irrespective
of the question whether the particular power is
designated or not as a power to be exercised by
the President,) is in the President by virtue of the
general designation that " the executive power"
shall be in the President of the United States.
Now, the Senate will of course remember that
so far as the objection of the honorable member
from Kentucky is concerned,as to the authority
to call out soldiers of Africa'n descent, the pro-
hibition upon the legislative department of the
Government must be the same as the prohibition
upon the executive department of the Govern-
ment, if there be any m either. The language
of the particular clausc which gives to Congress
the authority to provide for insurrections, in so
many words and in the same words, gives them
the authority to provide for repelling invasion.
Not to be at all in error as to the words used, it
is better that I should lead the words of the clause
itself: Congress shall have power" " to provide
for calling forth the militia to execute the laws of
the Union, suppress insurrections, and repel in-
vasions."
Thus the honorable member will see that the
authority of Congress with reference to the ex-
ercise of the military power conferred upon Con-
gress to suppress insurrection is identical with,
and consequently of the same extent as, the power
with which they are clothed to repel invasion.
Everything,therefore, that Congress could do by
legislation m order to repel an invasion actually
existing or anticipated, they can do to suppress,
an insurrection; and the consequence, therefore,
is (if the honorable Senator is right in his view
of the power conferred upon Congress) that if we
were now being invaded or about to be invaded
by a foreign foe, the Congress of the United States
could not authorize the employment of soldiers
of African descent. Why not? Who is to con-
stitute the militia is not stated in the Constitution
at all, so far as the congressional power is con-
cerned. That depc-nds upon the States.
But Congress has another power independent
of that. Congress has the power, and without
any limitation as to the mode of its exercise, of
raising armies. How? Of what materials ? The
Constitution does not say that the armies are to
consist of white men; it does not say that it is to
be done by volunteering; but thepowei is a gen-
eral and a sweeping one, to raise armies. What
for, among other things? To put down insurrec-
tion as far as our domestic concerns are concerned
in the first place, and in the second place to repel
a foreign foe. Could not Congress employ black
troops to repel a foreign foe, provided they were
free? I steer clear now of the question of slavery.
My friend will paidon me for saying that I never
heard it doubted befme.
The extent of the power with reference to the
men who are 10 constitute the aimies to be raised
by the United States, is no greater than the power
conferred upon Congress to provide for a navy;
and who has ever heard that black men may not
be enlisted in the Navy? There is not a ship
afloat carrying the naval flag of the United States
that has not a portion of the crew black. There
was not a ship afioatdui ing the war of 1812, that
gave such undying honor to the American naval
ilag, that had not more or less sailors of African
descent on board; and no one ever questioned the
validity of such an enlistment. Consequently,
unless Congress has been wrong from the begin-
ning of the Government up to the present hour
with reference to the Navy, it necessarily foliows
that, although the policy until now has not been
expressly adopted of providing for the rccruiting
of soldiers of African dcscent m the Army, they
must have the power; and if they come to the
conclusion that they have not the power, then they
must repeal all the laws existing upon the statute-
book which provide, and which have been prac-
tically carried out from the beginning of the Gov-
ernment to the present day, for the enlistment of
negro seamen on board our ships-of-war.
If I understood the honorable member from
Kentucky aright in^nother particular, he places
his negation of the power upon the ground that
these negroes are notcitizens within the meaning
of the Constitution of the United States. What
is the influence of that proposition, if it be true
in point-oflaw, upon the question before us? In
the case of Dred Scott, a majority of the Supreme
Court decided that, with reference to the judiciary
clause in the Constitution, which gives to the
courts of the United States jurisdiction in certain
cases, in which it makes the existence of the jur-
isdiction dependent upon the chaiacter of the'hti-
gants, they are not citizens, whether free or not.
But that is a very different question from the ques-
tion which arises under the two clauses of the
Constitution to which Ihaveadverted. They may
not be citizcns entitled to cull upon the United
States, through its judiciary, to do them justice as
between themselves and others, but they are sub-
jvet to the laws of the United States, protected by
the power of the United States, owing allegiance
to the United States; I speak now of the free,
One would be inclined to think, as a necessary
inference, that he who is bound by the laws, pro-
tected by the power of the Government, he who
commits tieason if he violates the laws by force,
is bound, when called upon, to fly to the standaid
of the country, and protect it against civil insur-
rection or invasion from abroad.
But again, if my honorable friend is right, this
would follow: the man of African descent is not
to be enlisted, accord ing to his theory, because he is
not a citizen of the United States, llow many are
in the Army ofthc United States now, white men,
who arenotcitizcns? Hasitever been suggested
that we canno.ttake as a reeruitinto the Army, now
or at any time, him who, flying from what he sup-
poses to be the oppression of the Old World, and
coming here for the enjoyment of the liberty which
is promised him by our institutions, ofleis to vol-
unteer in advance of his citizenship, or that he
cannot be called upon in advance of his citizenship
to rally around the Government of his proposed
adoption? Certainly not. The fact, therefore,
that the particular recruit is not a citizen, whether
it is because of his color, because of his descent,
or because of his birthplace, is no objection to
the right of Congress to call upon him to defend
the country in a case of exigency. I think, there-
fore, and i submit it with entire respect to my
friend, the Senator from Kentucky, that he is mis-
taken m supposing that Congress lias no authority
to call upon troops of African descent.
That brings me, in the second place, to inquire
whether the President, independently of the ex-
ercise of its power by Congress, has that author-
ity. Why not? It is'* unnecessary to argue it,
as I will show the Senator in a moment; but why
not ? Let me suppose as barely possible—and, for
the purpose of testing the pi mciple, 1 have a l ight
to make the supposition—that there are no armies
provided by Congress, and no navy. The Con-
stitution docs not of itself create an army or create
a navy. The power potentially is vested in the
Congress of the United States, but it is practically
nugatory until exeicised. Then I have a right to
assume that. Congress may uotexeicise it. Weil,
suppose they have not done so; what follows?
The Piesident, under another clause of the Con-
stitution, is bound to sue that the laws are faith-
fully executed, bound to piovide for the faithful
execution of the laws, or rather, to use the words
of the Constitution, " he shall take care that the
laws be faithfully executed." What laws? All
the laws, organic or legislative; and consequently,
if a foreign foe is about to put his foot m a hos-
tile attitude upon the soil of the United States,
which by the Constitution is ours as against all
nations, and Congiess have not furnished him
with an army to repel and drive him out; or if
insurrection raises its hornd front and seeks to
destroy the Government, is he not at liberty to
call around him, at once, the whole power of the
United States, the whole physical power of the
I United States, irrespective of color? Congress
i can do so, as I think i have shown. Then he can
| do so.
I If Congress have not furnished him with the
particular means by which Congress thinks ho
would be enabled to take care that the laws shall
be faithfully executed, and to discharge the duty
imposed upon him by that clause of the Constitu-
tion, then he must look elsewhere. He cannot
force men to his standard; but he can call for vol-
unteers. Who can doubt that? And if volun-
teers rally around the standard of the country in
virtue of the call, are they not legally and con-
stitutionally in the service of the united States,
although brought into that service merely by
the executive proclamation? I submit,Mr.Presi-
dent, as perfectly clear, that such must be the re-
sult.
Now, sir, there is but one other matter to which
I wish to advert. The honorable member from
Kentucky seems to suppose that the President, in
what he has been doing and is now doing with
reference to the enlistment of slaves, is violating
a clear constitutional duty. Sir, it is not neces-
sary to contend that in the absence of congres-
sional legislation the President would have no
authority to call upon the male slave population
of the United States to protect the United States
against insurrection or invasion. CongVess has
clothed him with the power; so that the question
which the honorable member will have to meet,
before he can succeed in making good his propo-
sition, is whether Congress has not the power to
call upon the slave population to take part in a
war which is striking at thu very existence of the
Government. Why not? This population, as
we all know, has a double character. They are
to be regarded as men as well as property. They
are called "persons" in the Constitution itself.
The representation in Congress is regulated upon
the hypothesis that they are persons. They are
called property for the purpose of taxation, and
nothing is more clear than that as the Constitution
stands they are to be considered as property, pro-
vided they are made such by the laws of the States
in which that population may be found. Butdoes
that prevent the Congress of the United States
from calling them to their aid? Why? In the
character of persons they are clearly liable to the
power. Nobody can doubt that. Though not
citizens, they are men bound to allegiance to the
United States, and receiving from day to day all
the protection that the United States promised
them. What that is it is immaterial to inquire;
but whatever they have and can have of protec-
tion under the Constitution of the United States,
they have; and, as an equivalent for the allegiance
which they owe because of the protection they*
have, they are bound, when legitimately called
upon, to suppoit the Government, either to put
down insurrection or to repel invasion.
There is a limitation,Mr.President. I am not
prepared to say that, as against that limitation,
the legislation of Congress has not gone a step too
far, or perhaps whether Congiess lias not disre-
garded it altogether, and whether the President,
in the execution of the particular power, has not
disregarded it. These persons being property in
the several States in which the institution of sla-
very exists, if they are taken, according to my
judgment—but different opinions are entertained,
I know; and I am equally sure they are honestly
entertained—they must be paid for; but that is the
only limitation. The Government of the United
States has a right to appropriate individual piop-
erty for public use, with no other limitation than
that of making compensation. The compensation
made, the private propeity becomes public prop-
erty disembarrassed of the contracts under which
it may have been held by the private citizen. If,
therefore, the United States call upon these slave
men to act as soldiers in the armies of the United
States, and pay the owner, that of itself—and it
would be most dishonorable to the United States
if it were otherwise—emancipates the slave. It
would be a reproach, a blasting reproach, even
more acute and bitter than that which the learned
Senator's resolution assumes in the case to which
the resolution refers, if the United States should
use these men for the purpose of putting down
this insurrection and maintaining the Government
m its existence and restoring it to its power, and
were then to permit them to be used as slaves there-
after; and I therefore individually have never had
a doubt that whenever these slaves aie culled into
the service of the United States, either into its
armies or into its navies, and render the service,
they are, by the fact of the service, free; and once
