1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
diciary be discharged from the consideiation of
the resolution concerninga quorum of the Senate,
and that we may settle that question this morn-
ing. I do it simply to expedite business. I
think if we adopt that resolution it will enable
the Senator to get rid of his bill much better, and
enable us to dispose much better of all the busi-
ness of the Senate. I will submit that motion,
with his consent.
Mr. HOWE. Very well.
Mr. FOSTER. Before the question is taken,
I simply wish to say that that resolution has been
considered in the Committee on the Judjciary, and
that an expression of opinion adverse to its pas-
sage has been expressed by a majority approach-
ing to unanimity in the committee. At the last
meeting of the committee prior to the absence of
the chairman in consequence of the ill health of
his family it was discussed, and as it was not
supposed that the Senate were in special haste in
regard to the matter it was laid by until another
meeting of the committee, which will occur to-
morrow.
Mr. SHERMAN. In making the motion I
did not wish for a moment to reflect on the Ju-
diciary Committee, i krtew that the chairman
of the committee was detained from the Senate
by sickness in his family; I believe by the death
of one member of his family and the sickness
of another; and another member of the commit-
tee is also absent. I therefore made the motion
In order to expedite the business of the Senate,
without any desire to trouble the Senate with any
longer discussion on the subject.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I offered a series of reso-
lutions which were referred to the committee. I
ask for the reading of the first resolution, which
is the only one upon which I now desire action.
I do not wish to delay the Senate by taking up
the others.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore,. The-first
question wili be on postponing all prior orders
and taking up the resolution for consideration.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution, sub-
mitted by Mr. Sherman on the Tth.of March last:
Resolved, That a quorum of the Senate consists of a ma-
jority ot'ilic Senators duly chosen or qualified.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will read the clause of the
Constitution upon which this whole matter turns.
It is the first clause of the third section of the first
article:
" The Senate of the United States shall be composed of
two Senators from each State, chosen by the Legislatuie
theienf, lor six year*; and each Senator bhall have one
vote."
The only question is whether a quorum of the
Senate consists of a majority of those duly chosen
by the Legislatures of the States, or whether it
consists of a majority of all wh© by possibility
may be elected members of the Senate. I think
the grammatical construction is perfectly plain.
The Senate is to consist of " two Senators from
each State, chosen by the Legislature thereof
but until a person is chosen by the Legislature
he is not a Senator and cannot be counted. The
grammatical construction is so plain that I can-
not add to it. Can a man be a Senator until he
is chosen by the State Legislature? That is all
I wish to say about the grammatical construc-
tion.
As regards the precedents, they have been both
ways. The honorable Senator from Vermont,
[Mr. Foot,] m the very'able argument that he
made on this subject during the last Congress, in- *
tioduced most of the precedents. Iamnotgomg
over those precedents, but of the first two prece-
dents that were introduced by him, one was for
and the other against his position. 1 have them
now before me. The second one I will read:
'•January 4, 1700. Theic being twelve States entitled to
twenty-four members, of whom twelve appeared on 6th
January ; and were considered a quorum."
Twelve are not a majority of twenty-four, but
they were considered a quorum.
But it is suppused that the seat of one of the Senators
of Vngitii.i [Mi. Grayson] had been vacated by his death,
the date of which is not stated, but his succcsbor was ap-
pointed 31st March, 1790."
Showing that in this case, the second time the
question ever came before the Senate, a majority
of those elected were considered a quorum. As
twenty-four was the number that could be elected*
twelve were considered a quorum. There being
one vacancy, the number was reduced to twenty-
three, and twelve were a majority of thoseelected.
But again, the Constitution uses precisely the
same language in regard to the House of Repre-
sentatives. The first clause of the second section
of the first article provides: *
" The House of Representatives shall be composed of
members chosen every second year by the people of the
several States," &c.
The language is precisely the same; but the
House of Representatives have definitely settled
this matter. Upon an appeal from the decision of
the Chair, by an almost unanimous vote they have
declared that the majority of those chosen or
elected members of that House constituted a quo-
rum. Here is the action of the House of Rep-
resentatives upon precisely the same language,
which is a precedent to some extent.
But I think the Senate decided this question
substantially for itself by a very important vote,
to which, by the way, the chairman of the Judi-
ciary Committee called my attention, and told me
it would probably influence his vote on the sub-
ject; and that is a vote which was taken on the
2d of March, 1861. It will be remembered that
Congress at that time passed a resolution propos-
ing a certain amendment to the Constitution of the
United States. When that resolution was under
consideration in the Senate, the point was made
by the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull]
that it required two thirds of the whole Senate to
concur in the proposed amendment.
" Mr. Trumbull raised a question of oider whether, the
joint resolution being a proposition to amend the Constitu-
tion of the United States, it did not require an affirmative
vote of two thirds ofUie members composing the Senate."
The language of the Constitution upon which
this point was raised is this:
"The Congress, whenever two thirds of both Houses
shall deem Unnecessary, shall propose amendments to this
constitution," &c.
Thequestion was, whether "two thirds of both
Houses" did not require two thirds of all that
could by possibility be in the Senate or House of
Representatives. The point was distinctly raised,
and life Senate by an almost unanimous vote—
by a vote of 33 yeas to 1 nay—dccided that it
only required two thirds of those present.
I say then, Mr. President, on the ground of
grammatical construction) on the ground of pre-
cedent, and I might add on the ground of neces-
sity, the construction I putupon the Constitution
is the plain one. The framers of the Government
never intended that their schemes should be bro-
ken up and this Governmentdisorganized by the
absence of the representatives of some of the
States caused by death, secession, or anythingof
that kind. We are now just in that critical con-
dition when we cannot call for a division on a
question. We are afraid to call for a division, we
are afraid to take the sense of the Senate, for fear
weshalibe leftwithoutaquorum. Atfiveo'clock
last night on the passage of an important bill we
were left without a quorum. Under these circum-
stances i deem it my duty to bring the question
to the attention of the Senate with the hop^that
we may now have a vote upon it.
Mr. FOSTER. I am not about to detain the
Senate from the vote which the honorable Sen-
ator from Ohio wishes to have taken, i expressed
my views briefly on this subject at a formerses-
sion, and am not now disposed to repeat them.
They would not be strengthened by repetition. I
may be wrong ceitainly (and when I aider from
the honorable Senator from Ohio perhaps the pre-
sumption is that I am wrong) in my construction
of the Constitution. The geneial ground, how-
ever^ on which lie puts it, to wit, the necessity of
the case, I submit to him with gieat confidence
does not by any means exist, nor will the change
of the quorum obviate the evils of whichJie com-
plains. He says that we adjourned last evening
at five o'cock for want of a quorum. It is true;
but there were several members either in the Cap-
itol or within call of the Capitol at the time. We
have a few times during tiiis session been com-
pelled to ad journ for want of a quorum, and but
a veiy few times only—fewer.either this session
or the last for that reason than any previous ses-
sion since I have been a member of the Senate.
Since our members! have been diminished we have
had what I deem a constitutional quorum present
during a longer period of each day than at any
period prior ,tp.o«u,diminution ofnumhers by the
failure of States to eleet Senators. -
If we make the change -asked ibr by; the Sena-
tor from Ohio, what wilhbe the consequence I, A
smaller number' will make aqiaorum; what then?
Every>nember wili then feel,\vliathedoes pot npw
feel, that he may be away from hisvs<edt:in the
Senate, not perhaps absolutely with .'iqipunitj?.,-
but still he can go without the risk whi^huitadies
to him if he goes now. A heavy, responsibility
is now felt by every Senator for himself, if h£ be
qualified as our States have said(we are qualified
for seats in this body, but he will feel that respons-
ibility diminished when this change is made, aiuj
he will not be by any means as likely to be in his
seat as he now is, and we shall have fewer mem-
bers present than we have noxp-. In my judgment
it will be more difficult to obtain aquorum when
the quorum is reduced to the number which the
Senator from Ohio says is the proper constitu-
tional quorum than it is now. it will be more
troublesome to find that number jhece on a vote
thaw it is to find the constitutional number under
the present rule on a vote now. The more the re-
sponsibility is divided the less it is felt. On that
ground, therefore, if there were no other, I should
insist upon following the rule which I believe has
been uniformly adhered to from the foundation
of the Government, unless possibly there maybe
one or two exceptions, fixing the quorum on the
principle I contend for, at the number which it is
now held to be. 1 will not, however, as 1 sug-
gested, occupy the time of the Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. I will respectfully suggest to the
honorable Senator from Ohio that he make this
subject the special order for some early day^
when it can receive more consideration than it
can receive this morning.
Mr. SHERMAN. In reply, I will only say
that this whole question depends simply upon
the construction of two clauses of the Constitu-
tion, and it has been now before the Senate for
three years. I have not pressed it. It has been
discussed and conversed about a great deal, and
I believe the Senate are ready to vote upon it.
I think the adoption of this resolution will ex-
pedite our business, and at the same time we
shall come to the correct constitutional rule. It
is due to the Senate that we should settle the ques-
tion one way or the other at once. If the Senate
decide against it now I shall never bring the
question up again. Ail I want is to have the
vote of the Senate upon it.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not make the suggestion
from any desire to protract or put off unnecessa-
rily or wantonly the consideration and decision
of this question; but it strikes me that it is one
of the most important that has ever come, or can
ever come, before Congress. I am aware that it
has been discussed heretofore. I listened with
great pleasure and instruction to theelaborate and
able speeches of the Senator from Vermont [Mr.
Foot] and the Senator from Connecticut [Mr.
Foster] on this subject during the last Congress.
I think it important to every member of the Sen-
ate, whether he heard those debates or not, and
especially to the new members of the Senate who
have taken their seats in the body since those de-
bates took place, that they should be reproduced;
that the able and satisfactory reasons against this
proposition presented in those debates by thegen-
tlemen whom I have named, as well as others,
should be again presented to the Senate. I do not
desire to have the discussion protracted. I should
be perfectly willing to hear a few gentlemen who
have investigated and who understand the subject
present their views, and then,so far as I am con-
cerned, that the Senate shall take a vote upon it.
But to press to a vote this morning, on a few
minutes'consideration, so important a question
as this, involving the number of Senators that
under the present condition of circumstances may
constitute a quorum to do business, it seems to *
me would be precipitating one of the most im-
portant inquiries in which this body can be en-
gaged. i suppose no gentleman expected this sub-
ject to come up for debate this morning, unless
it was the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr, SHERMAN. I gave notice of it yester-
day.
Mr. DAVIS. I am aware that the gentleman
called it up yesterday; but I had not myself
thought that it would be brought up for debate
this morning If the gentleman will consent to
