3028
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 17,
One hundred and fifth amendment:1
On page 45, line fifteen, strike out "for" and insert
" with."
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence in the same with an amend-
ment, adding after the word " with" the words
(i the amount of."
The amendment to the amendment wasagreed to.
Theamendment,sasamended, was concurred in.
One hundred and seventeenth amendment:
At the end of section thirty-five strike out the following:
And the said court shall also render judgment against
?aui collector or deputy collector for double the amount of
damages accruing to the party injured, to be collected by
execution.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended a concurrence in the same with an amend-
ment, inserting th«e matter proposed to be stricken
The amendment to thcamendmcnt was agreed to.
The amendment, as amended,was concurred in.
One hundred and twenty-second amendment:
At the end of section thirty-seven insert the following:
Provided, That if any assessor orassistant assessor shai I
divulge to any party, or make known in any manner other
than as provided in this act, the operations, style of work
or apparatus of such visited manufacture, said assessor or
assistant assessor shall be subject to the penalties pre-
sented in section thirty-five of tins act.
ThetCommittee of Ways and Means recom-
mended a concurrence in the same with an amend-
ment, striking out after the word "any " the words
"assessor orassistant assessor,"and inserting the
words " such officers;" and also striking out the
words "such visited manufacture, said assessor
orassistant assessor," and inserting in lieu there-
of the words "any manufacturer or producer
visited by him in the discharge of official duties,
he."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was concurred in.
One hundred and sixty-third amendment:
In section fifty-four, in rcfeiencc to the time when duties
shall commence on spun??, stake out "May1' and insert
'■ June/'
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence in the same with an amend-
ment, striking out" June"and inserting" July."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
The amendment,as amended, was concurred in.
One hundred and sixty-eighth amendment:
Page 64, line Uaiteen, after the word "gallon," insert
tin1 tollowmg;
On and aiier the 1st day of January, 16C5, a duty of§l 50
on each and every gallon. And all spiuN which may be
in the possession ot tne distiller on either thel<tdayof
June, Octobei, or January aimesnid, no duty having been
paid thereon, shall be held and treated as if duttllcd on each
of those days respectively.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence in this amendment with an
amendment, to strike out "June" and insert
"July."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
The amendment,as amended, was concurred in.
One hundred and ninety-sccoud amendment:
Page 60, section fifty-nine, m line three, strike out the
woid.s £< of now, stone, oi bru-k, wilh metal or other ine-
pt oofioof, and Mich warehouse,"and iuseit in lieu thereof,
"e-?tnl)li>hed in eonfmmity with such icgulatious as the
fccietary ol the TreaMuy may prescribe, and such waie-
house;"1 t-o that tile secliou will road :
That the ownei ot owners ofany diritilleiy or 01! refinery
ma) provide iithisortlieu own expense a wait'llonse estab-
lished in coufoimily with such regulations as the Secretary
of the Treasury may piesciibe, and such warehouse when
nppioved liy tiie collector, is hereby declared a bonded
w.iichousf or the fTinted States, and shall be used only lor
biormg distilled spiuts ot refined coal oil, or naphtha, and
to be under the cu-tody of the collector 01 his deputy. And
the duty on the spnlts, coal oil, or naphtha stored in such
waiehonse shall he paid befoie it it. removed liom such
warehouse, uulesd removed in pursuance of law.
1 he Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence in this amendment with an
amendment, to strike outthe word " established"
in the matter proposed to be inserted.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was concurred in.
Ail the amendments of the Senate having now
been disposed of, °
Mr. MORRILL moved that a committee of
conference he asked on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the amendments of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
And then,on motion of Air. FARNSWORTH,
(at a quarter to eleven o'clock p. ni.,) the [louse
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, June 17, 1864.
Prayer by Rev. M. C. Briggs, of California.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, and by unani-
mous consent, the reading of the Journal was dis-
pensed with.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. FOOT presented five petitions of" citizens
of Vermont, praying for the passage of the bill
(H. R. No. 276) to secure to persons in the mili-
tary or naval service of the United States home-
steads on confiscated or forfeited estates in insur-
rectionary districts; which were referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. MORGAN presented a memorial of Grin-
nell, Minturn&Co., Howland & Aspinwall, and
other merchants of New York, praying that the
duty on tea may be made specific, and no part
thereof ad valorem; which was ordered to lie on
the table.
Mr. MORGAN also presented the memorial of
John Graham, prayingcompensation for services
rendered in the transportation of mail between
New Orleans and Key West during the quarter
ending July 1, 1855; which was referred to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
He also presented a memorial of citizens of Phil-
adelphia and New York, remonstrating against
the proposed increase of the duty on marble;
which was referred to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented two petitions of citizens of
Ohio, praying for the passage ofthebiil(H.R.No.
276) to secure to persons m the military or naval
servicg of the United States homesteads on con-
fiscated or forfeited estates in insurrectionary
districts; which were referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr. CHANDLER presented five petitions of
men and women of Michigan, praying for the
abolition of slavery, and such an amendment of
the Constitution as will forever prohibit its exist-
ence in any portion of the Union; which were re-
ferred to the select committee oil slavery and freed-
men.
Mr. DIXON presented a memorial of men and
women of Connecticut, praying for the abolition
of slavery, and such an amendment of the Consti-
tution as will forever prohibit its existence in any
portion of the Union; which was referred to the
select committee on slavery and freedrnen.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the memorial of
James R. Quinter, praying for compensation for
services rendered in recruiting volunteers for tie
first District of Columbia regiment, reported ad-
versely thereon.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (II. R. No. 4C1) for the re-
lief of John C. McConnell, reported adversely
thereon.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, from the Committee
on Pensions, to whom was referred the bill (II.
R. No. 393) for the relief of Peter Navarre, re-
ported adversely thereon.
Mr. HENDRICKS, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 60) to refer the case of James
H. McCulloh to the Court of Claims, reported
adversely thereon.
Air. HOWE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the joint resolution (H. R.
No. GI) referring the ease of Charles Wilkes to
tiie Court of Claims, reported adversely thereon.
Air. COLLAMER. The Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the joint resolution (H. R. No. 93) to authorize
the Postmaster General to extend the contract
with the Overland Mail Company, have directed
me to report it back with an amendment. If this
resolution is to be passed at all it should be done
at once; efficiency depends on its present passage.
I am therefore directed to ask for ils immediate
consideration
Mr. HALE. I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection be-
ing made, the joint resolution cannot be consid-
ered at the present time.
W. B. MATCHETT.
^ Air. HENDRICKS. The Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the joint resolution
(H. R. No. 47) for the relief of Rev. W. B.
Matchett, have instructed me to report favorably;
and as it is a trifling matter, I ask of the Senate
the favor to consider it at the present time.
By unanimous consent, the joint resolution was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
proposes to direct the Paymaster General to adjust
and pay to W. B. Matchett the amount due him
as chaplain of the tenth regiment of New York
volunteers from the time up to which he was last
paid to the time the regiment was mustered out
of service.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to a third reading,
read the third time, and passed.
DISTRICT JUDICIAL PEES.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I move to recoftsider
the vote by which the bill (S. No. 296) in relation
to the fees and emoluments of the marshal, at-
torney, and clerk of the supreme court of the
District of Columbia was passed.
. Mr. TRUMBULL. I think that motion is too
late.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The record
shows that the time allowed by the rules for a
reconsideration has elapsed, and the bill has gone
to the House of Representatives.
LAND ENTRIES IN MISSOURI.
Mr. BROWN. I move to take up HodSe bill
No. 217, which has been pending for a long while.
I have not troubled the Senate much, and i should
be glad to have this bill passed.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H. R.
No. 217) to confirm certain entries of land in the
State of Missouri was considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. It proposes to confirm all en-
tries heretofore made under the graduation act of
August 4, 1854, in township forty-five north, of
range nine west, south of Alissouri river, in the
district of land subject to sale at St. Louis. This
confirmation is not to extend to any entry of land
upon which there was an actual settler other than
the purchaser at the date of such entry; and it is
first to be shown to the satisfaction of the Secre-
tary of the Interior that the entry was made in
good faith, and is founded upon actual settlement
and cultivation, or is for the use of an adjoining
farm.
The Committee on Public Lands had reported
the bill with an amendment, which was to inseit
the following proviso at the end of the bill:
Provided further, That the lands shall be paid for In
money or in land wairants to the amount of §1 25 peracre.
Mr. BROWN. I hope the amendment reported
by the committee will not be agreed to, and I will
state to the Senate the condition of the bill and of
the lands mentioned in it. They were entries
that were made under the graduation act, some
half a dozen in a county in my State, but it was
found afterwards that there had been some defect
in bringing the lands into market; that is, they
had not been enumerated, perhaps through some
clerical error, and the parties who made those
entries could not get a title in consequence. It is
now proposed to confirm those entries. But the
committee have reported that they shall pay the
price of §1 25 an acre as though the land had
never been subject to the graduation law. While
that might possibly be right technically, I think
it would work an injustice to the parties and
would not come within the meaning and the in-
tent of the graduation act, for those lands had
been there in that condition for a long time; they
are just like all the other surrounding lands that
have, heen taken up in this manner. It was sim-
ply a clerical error that was not discovered until
after they had been occupied, and I do not think
there is any need of insisting upon the amend-
ment of the committee. The greatest objection,
however, is that if the amendment of the commit-
tee obtains it will take the bill back to the House
of Representatives and it will be lost for this ses-
sion. It is one of those things where I think the
merit is altogether on the side of the settlers who
entered the lands in good faith, and it would bo
properfor the Senate to pass thebill as it stands.
The Senator who reported this bill can state what
the ground was upon which the committee acted.
The Senator from Indiana I believe reported it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Perhaps in reference to
the amendment which the committee thought it
proper to make to this bill it is right that I should
