1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3t:
force, the power to suppress an insurrection,and
the power to repel an invasion, and to determine
when each and all those states of case arise, is
vested, by the language of the Constitution, in
Congress; and therefore the President is excluded
from them. The well-known case of Luther
vs. Borden, which arose in Rhode Island under
the Dorr constitution, decides expressly in rela-
tion to two of these points in the paragraphs of
the report from which I read, and which seem for
the occasion to have escaped the attention of the
honorable Senator. The court in that case decide
expressly that the President has no right, by the
Constitution, nor until lie is authorized by the law
of Congress to do so, to declare that there is do-
mestic violence 111 a State. It says expressly that
the decision of those questions is rendered politi-
cal by the Constitution, and they are referred to
the political power of the Government, to wit,
Congress; and that Congress alone can recognize
and make provision for such a condition of the
country. These powers are analogous to the
power to declare war, and therefore were they also
vested in Congress. The court decided further,
that Congress, if it had chosen to do so, could
have vested this discretion of recognizing such a
state of case, and putting the troops in motion to
meet it, in the courts as well as in the President;
but, by the act of 1795, the court says Congress
expressly vested that power in the President, and
had acted wisely.
Now, sir, I say that my position on this ques-
tion of difference between the honorable Senator
and myself is fortified by the decisions of the
Supreme Court; that his positions are met, re-
futed, overthrown by the decisions of that court.
What power, then, has the President over the
subject? When the forces are ordered into the
field by Congress, he has simply the power of
commander-in-chief, and has no more power in
the premises than if the Constitution had declared
that the senior general ill the United States Army
should be commander-in-chief; and I defy the
honorable Senator or any other gentleman to re-
fute that proposition.
Then the honorable Senator assumes another
position, which is, in my judgment, heretical and
eminently dangerous. The power to declare war,
to raise and support armies, to call out the militia
to execute the laws of the Union, to suppress in-
surrection,and repel invasion, being vested by the
Constitution in Congress, the Senator assumes
that if Congress was to neglect or refuse to exer-
cise these necessary powers, the President himself
might assume their execution. In my judgment,
a more unsound and a more dangerous position
was never taken by an American Senator or states-
man. It is true that that neglect or refusal of
Congress to do its duty would bring the Govern-
ment to a dead-lock or its dissolution. In like
manner, if the judiciary department was to refuse
to perform its duties and its functions, under the
Constitution, the Government would also be
brought to its dissolution. If the President was
to refuse to perform his duties, so likewise would
the Government be brought to a dissolution. But
the theory and structure of our Government is
upon the principle that the great functional les who
fill those high offices would execute their trusts.
If they fail to do so, though it might produce
temporary confusion, there is a power behind
them all, to reform the threatened anarchy, and
to put the great machine of State again in motion;
and that is the people of the United States and the
State governments.
But the Senator argues that the Constitution
makes it the duty of the President to take care
that the laws be faithfully executed. That is true,
but it is by the ofiiceis and means which Congress
may organize, and not by any that lie may devise.
I never heard it contended before that this pro-
vision of the Constitution conferred powers on the
Piesident, and especially the great powersdeduced
from it by the Senator from Maryland, or the
power to organize any measures to put down an
insurrection, or execute the resisted laws of the
Union.
There is no man more familiar with the decis-
ions of our Supieine Court, or more competent to
understand them, than the honorable Senator from
Maryland. I appeal to him, if the Supreme Court
have not decided this principle in relation to the
Constitution: that all the language and every pro-
vision of that instrument is to be understood and
construed according to the meaning and purpose
of those who made it, and that, m giving con-
struction to it, it is the duty of the statesman and
the judge to throw himself back into the circum-
stances and condition of the men who made the
Constitution, and to construe it from that stand-
point, according to the circumstances that then
existed and upon which they framed that instru-
ment, and to take the meaning and import of its
language as its framers understood it. With this
general rule of construction, will the member from
Maryland announce in this Chamber that the Con-
stitution and the executive powers conferred by
it on the President were understood by the mem-
bers of the Convention who formed it as he has
deduced and announced them upon the present
occasion? Will any man throw himself back to
the condition and circumstances in which those
great statesmen and legislators were, and main-
tain the powers assumed by the Senator for the
.President?
I have argued against the expediency, the pol-
icy, and the power both of the Executive and of
Congress to incorporate negroes into the United
States Army as a part of it.
Proceeding upon the principle which I have
thus stated, that in giving interpretation to the
Constitution we must throw ourselves back to
the age in which it was made, to the condition of
the country at that time, and to the circumstances
in which those who made it were acting, I ask
the honorable Senator now, whether, adopting
that mode of interpretation, he can candidly come
to the conclusion that the framers of the Consti-
tution ever intended that negro slaves should be
a part of the militia or military force of the Uni-
ted States? No, sir; no. If such a proposition
had been made in that illustrious conclave of
statesmen and patriots, it would have been re-
jected, or, if not rejected, it would have defeated
at once and forever all attempts to frame a Con-
stitution for the United States.
The Senator speaks of his desire to strengthen
the executive arm of the Government in this re-
bellion. He has no deeperor more sincere desire
to that effect than I have; but I tell him that,ac-
cording to my humble judgment, the strength and
power of this Government is not in the provisions
of its Constitution alone, but in the protection,
the security, the liberties, privileges, and rights,
which it guaranties to the American people, and
the fidelity with which it is administered by all
men engaged in its administration, whether in the
legislative or executive department. Its greatest
strength is in the love and confidence of the peo-
ple. Sir, if yon want to strengthen the Govern-
ment, or if the Government desires to strengthen
itself, it must adhere to the law of its creation, the
Constitution; it must exercise its powers within
the pale of that instrument; it must respect its
compromises, its prohibitions of power; and just
in proportion as it transcends these great princi-
ples, it will become weak and strengthen the re-
bellion.
Sir, I have no more doubt now, that if Mr.
Lincoln and the Administration had, in good
faith and with firmness and consistency of pur-
pose, adhered strictly to the Crittenden resolution
which passed this body almost unanimously, and
I think passed the House of Representatives, on
the motion of the honorable Senator from-Ohio,
[Mr. Sherman,] who was then m the House,
unanimously, and the two principal departments
of the Government had been so administered,
the rebellion would have been put down long,
long ago. It is by the departure of the Execu-
tive .and of Congress from the great principles ot
the Constitution that the unity of the American
people has been destroyed. It is in this mode that
the Government itself has been weakened and the
enemy strengthened. The way to regain the lost
strength which existed in the unity of the peo-
ple at the commencement of the rebellion, is to
compel the Executive to retrace his steps and to
assume a constitutional basis in carrying on the
war.
Mr. President, I am one of those who believe
that the piesent party in power know that its gi-
gantic power has resulted from this war, and the
extreme odium in which the rebellion is justly
held by the masses of Lhe American people, and
by none more than myself. The unparalleled pa-
tronage which the war has given to the Adminis-
tration, and the power that it has over the Army,
which enables it to establish a practical military
despotism wherever it may choose, aiid extended
it in the Senator's own State, in Delaware, in a
part of my State, and in some parts of the State
of Missouri, at their elections, are the fruits of thi3
war. Mr. Hamilton himself says, in his immor-
tal numbers in the Federalist, that it is a law of
executive power to encroach continually upon the
power of the legislative branch of the Government
and upon the rights of the people; that it is an in-
herent law of executive power, in time of war,
greatly to augment and enhance itself. We have
deplorably experienced that truth.
The administration of the executive depart-
ment is as deeply impressed with these truths aa
was Mr. Hamilton. It knows, and all intelligent
gentlemen know, that if the war had been brought
to an end twelve months ago abolitionism would
have collapsed; the Union would have been re-
stored as it was; the power of the Constitution
would have again become dominant, and the laws
would have been executed to our utmost confines.
The party in power knows that-this war and all,
its vast patronage is necessary to its continuance
111 power and to the election of its nominees for
the next Presidency and Vice Presidency; and it
is determined that this war shall continue until
the presidential election.
Sir, this war could have been brought to a close
long, long ago. If the Administration had been
singly and in good faith devoted to the principles
announced in the Crittenden resolution; if they
had not selected commanders because of their hos-
tility, not to rebellion, but to slavery ; if they had
selected them for their military capacity, and their
ability to put down the rebellion, instead of their
hostility to slavery and their willingness to be
used for its overthrow regardless of the constitu-
tional prohibitions; if able commanders had been
selected irrespective of that, and the President and
his Cabinet and General-in-Chief had sustained
them steadily and constantly in the field,and sent
to them sufficient forces, the insurrection would
have been put down early, and the Union would
have been speedily restored. That committee,
which Wendell Phillips said was sitting at the
other end of the avenue to regulate the next presi-
dential campaign, knows the truth of all the propo-
sitions which I have stated. It is working with
a view to their truth and their operation upon the
public mind. If the question was put to-day to
some honorable Senators in this Hall, which would
you prefer, that the union of the States with
slavery in them, as they existed befoie,subject
only to the abrasions of the war, should be re-
stored, or that the southern confederacy should
become permanently separate and independent? I
believe manyofthem would accept the latter prop-
osition.
I believe it is that the war may destroy slavery
utterly that the Administration has caused this
war to languish and to be inefficiently prosecuted,
and with a full determination that it shall run into
the next presidential election, to enable them to
control that important event, upon which hangs
the fate and the destinies of this country, and by
patronage or by the ituervention of military power
to appoint the electors for the Presidency and
Vice Presidency in the various States, and thus
secure their continuance in power. In the honor-
able Senator's zeal to support this war, is he in
favor of the policy which I have just stated ? If
he is, lam not. I want every freeman in America,
with all the fervor of his heart, and nil the strength
of his aim, to resist such an election of President
as that of Louis Napoleon in France. I declare
that in war and m peace the freemen of America
should have the right of free speech, a free press,
and free election by which to canvass the acts of
the Administration, of the legislative or the
executive department, by which to inform the
public mind, and to bring the peaceful but con-
quering numbers to the polls to reform all the
abuses of the Government.
Sir, when those great rights are put down, rev-
olution is an accomplished lact. We may main-
tain the forms of free government, but its rights
and liberties are as completely gone as when Au-
gustus declared himself emperor and perpetual
tribune of Rome, and placed himself at the head
of nil the forces of that mighty empire, just then
passing into the state of an imperial military des-
potism.
Mr. President, it seems to me that we are on
