1078
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 12,
cause of murders. The right of the people of cer-
tain States in slave labor was recognized and guar-
antied by the Constitution, and is so to-day if the
Government of the United States has an exist-
ence. When this fact was regarded we had no
civil war or tendency to war. The free States
grew and prospered, and the slave States kept
pace with them in the onward march of prosper-
ity, dignity, and empire. The unprecedented de-
velopment, expansion, and prosperity of the coun-
try under the Government of 1787 proves that
there was*no element in its Constitution hostile to
its dignity, or progress, or perpetuity. Before it
was shattered by northern fanatical sectionalism
it had accomplished more for the benefit of man-
kind than all other existing Governments in the
world. It needed only the fealty of its subjects
to be immortal.
Sir, I have witnessed the progress of abolition-
ism from the very commencement of its career in
this country. Long before the number of its dev-
otees had become sufficient to invest it with polit-
ical influences, those devotees seemed to exclude
from their thoughts every political consideration
except the abstract idea that slavery in the States
must be abolished. That one absorbing thought
fovernedall their political action. They waited,
ut not inactively or vainly, for the time to come
when they should be strong enough to induce
some party to secure their additional strength by
helping them to accomplish their object. Meet-
ings of a semi-religious character, consisting of
great numbers, were at length held, in which ex-
pert lecturers appealed to the sympathies of the
people, giving the most exaggerated and false ac-
counts of slavery and the cruolty of slaveholders,
assailing the Constitution and Union as works of
the devil, vilifying Washington and other pa-
triots of his time as man-stealers, singing disun-
ion songs, into which they had degraded the sa-
cred hymns by parody, and finally closing the
exciting entertainment with prayer to God to aid
them in destroying the wicked Union, and huiry-
ing on, liko an organized band of show men, to meet
some other congregation ready to be fanaticized.
1 saw the process and, I think, the motive of the
absorption of this clement of dissension and trea-
son by a great and powerful party, which had dis-
covered the efficient use to which it could be put,
and then I saw a great portion of the preachers of
the gospel and the congregations over which they
had influence fall down before the beast and wor-
ship it. i saw it grow strong enough to grasp
the reins of government in nearly all the non-
slavcholding States, and then, as before stated,
came legislation in those States in direct and in-
tentional derogation of the known constitutional
rights of the people of the slave States. Judges in
my own State made decisions against the plain
letter of the Constitution of the United States and
the acts of Congress, when the rights of southern
people were in question. I will specify one case
only, although { might others. In the county of
Lorain, an abolition judge, simply, I suppose, to
show his fealty to abolition at the expense of a
violation of his official oath, charged a grand jury
to pay no attention to any act of Congress for the
rendition of fugitive slaves, because ail sueh acts
were unconstitutional and void, although he knew
that the Federal courts had held them valid. Jn
that way, sir,the northern anti-slavery men treated
the compromises of the Constitution on which the
Union was based.
Relieved of southern opposition it was an easy
wotk for the anti-slavery party to win the election,
and apparently with little care for the evil conse-
quences which might result proceeded to accom-
plish the great purpose m which alone they were
all united, of taking the Federal Government into
their hands. And when they had accomplished
their object, and the well-founded feais of their op-
ponents thatsecession would follow was realized,
many of their politicians and the leaders of the
abolition press received and published the news of
thatsecession and commented upon it with all the
coolness of men who realize the foiesten lesuhof
a process which they have deliberately applied.
The New York Tribune, the great mouthpiece of !;
eastern abolitionism, the Cincinnati Commercial, I
and the Ohio State Journal, two leading abolition <
papers in my State, were in favor of submitting to j
secession, probably for the reason that they re- 1
garded it as a natural result of the success they j
Bad helped to achieve. 1
It will be seen from the foregoing history of
events what was the cause, of the war; thatit was
not slavery as established by law, but that anti-
slavery as a political element combining for one
bad purpose all the incongruous recusants to the
Constitution who, like the followers of Lucifer,
were ready to rebel against any Government they
could not control, and acting upon the pretendedly
humane policy of abolition, which is really sub-
versive of law and revolutionary, was and is the
cause of the war. It begot secession and seces-
sion involved war; therefore it is the prime cause
of both evils.
As in these degenerate days repentance of sin is
decidedly out of fashion with the party in power,
and as the worst of Republican sinners, when
rebuked by a Democrat, are wont to resort to
counter accusation, and cry out secessionist, cop-
perhead, &c., I deem it prudent, by way of self-
protection, to declare my views upon this sub-
ject of secession. I am not as liberal toward the
doctrine as the President seems to have been
when, as a Representative of his district in the
State of Illinois, he made a speech on this floor
in which, while commenting upon the right of
the subjects of Government to throw off their al-
legiance and establish anew Government to suit
their inclinations, he said :
" Any people, anywhere, being inclined and having the
power, have the ris,M to rise up and shake oft the existing
Government and ioun a new one that suits them better.
Tins i  a mo-it valuable, a most sacred right—a right which,
wc hope and believe, is to liberate the woild. Nor is this
right confined to eases in which the whole people of an
existing Government may choose to exeicisc it. Any por-
tion o( such people that ran, may revolutionize and make
their own of so much of the territory as they inhabit. More
than tins, a majority of any poi tion of&uch peopif may revo-
lutionize, putting down a mmcm'ty Intel mingled with or near
about them who may oppose their movements.";
This view of the President carries the doctrine
of revolution considerably further than Demo-
crats arc willing to go. That a nation of people
or a province under the oppicssion of a wicked
Government may, in the opinion of the world
and before God, be justified in resorting to revo-
lution for the purpose of achieving independence
and liberty, J believe. But that forcible revolu-
tion is the ti ip.onditional light of a portion of the
people of a nation or the dependency of a nation,
to be exercised at their mere pleasure, I do not
believe. The justification of the American Rev-
olution which resulted in our national independ-
ence was not put upon any such ground. Seces-
sion I believe to bo no more nor less than revolu-
tion. In the American sense of the term, it is the
exercise of what is claimed to be the reserved
right of a State in the Federal Union to withdraw
itself from the Confederacy whenever the people
of such State may elect to do so, with or without
any other reason than their desue for complete
independence. I donotadrmtthe existenceof any
such right, norassent to itsassumption. I regard
the General Government of the United States in
its sphere as a unit,as verily such as the govern-
ment of a State, and (hat all the people of the States
owe it allegiance which it is not at their option to
revoke.
In contemplating this subject I recognize two
crimes, and the relation between them: first, the
inciting crime of invasive abolitionism; and sec-
ond, the induced and consequent crime of seces-
sion. They who by their own wrongs have con-
tributed to the latter crime should expect by the
divine law to share in its punishment. They are
not, I say again, as well entitled to complain of the
deed as are those who at all times have abjured
both the incentives and the crime.
We of the conservative school cannot patiently
list< n when we are told that the policy of restor-
ing the Union upon unoriginal pi inci pics is merely
ridiculous. We know, as experience has proved,
that it needs nothing but the honest fealty of the
people, which every Government requires, to sus-
tain that Union. We arc not satisfied with the j
policy of the President and the predominating
party in shaping the results of military conquests.
We have no faith in the proposed new system.
We demand the restoration of the Union; we de-
mand it because it is our birthright, because we
have done nothing to forfeit that i lght, or to incur
a dispossession of it. We demand it because it
was many times solemnly promised to us, and
because upon the faith of thatpromise many thou-
sands of Democrats gave their lives to enable the
Administration to perform it. The fleshless bones
of our slaughtered brethren can scarcely be ex-
pected to remain quiet in their shallow graves if
the sacred bond be not kept. We demand it be-
cause the children of the patriotic dead should not
be robbed of the inheritance for the assurance of
which their fathers died; and we demand it for the
further reason that the best interests of the coun-
try and of mankind require it.
Were such wise and saving policy to be adopted
even at this late day, aod after so many faithless
violations of pledges to abide by the law and ab-
jure revolution, there would be no further neces-
sity or apology for executive tinkering with the
governments of the States. It would, to be sure,
disappoint the fanatics by defeating the insane
purpose to turn loose upon the country four mil-
lion negroes, helpless and unprovided for, and
entirely unfitted for the position intended to be
thrust upon them; but it would, at the same time,
protect the incompetent negroes against the in-
human policy of depriving them of the most
needed, and to them essential benefits of thesys-
tem to which they were born. It might defeat,
or at least defer the great philanthropic design of
those transcendental abolitionists who propose by
a process which they call "miscegenation," a
word of their scholarly invention, to improve the
bone, skin, muscle, hair, and brain of their fel-
low-citizens, and especially their own posterity;
the process being the amalgamation of the inferior
blood with the superior blood of the African. But
as this is an exceedingly ravishing idea among its
votaries, and is earnestly propagated in lectures
and songs, and to some extent m the pulpit, it is
possible that the return of the negro to his con-
dition of servitude would only defer the benefits of
" miscegenation" to a time when the philosophy
of the thing shall be better comprehended.
It might somewhat enfeeble a certain party by
diminishing the contemplated advantage of Afri-
can supportat the ballot-box, an advantage which
I could appreciate when I found the names of
more than half a hundred negroes who voted to
give the seat I occupy to my opponent upon the
poll-books of a single precinct in my district.
Had there been as many more of them, I should
not have been here to tell the story. I cannot
see that these considerations, however important
some people may regard them,should have oper-
ated to change tiie promised mode of suppressing
the rebellion.
One more of the objections to carrying out the
constitutional programme in disposing of the re-
bellion ought to be noticed before I leave that
point. It would render vain and fruitless all that
learned ingenuity which has enabled a majority
of this House to put such a novel and before un-
heard-of interpretation upon the Constitution,
that by a sweeping confiscation of southern es-
tates and the political disfranchisement of then*
owners the whole country may fall, with just
compensation to nobody, into the hands of"hu-
man cormorants whose greedy selfishness would
insinuate itself between the people and a restora-
tion of the Union.
It is charged that we oppose the war and seek
to embarrass the Administration. The proposi-
tion thus abstractly stated is not true. We op-
pose perversion of the war to any purpose of party
aggrandizement, to any purpose of revolution, to
any purpose other than its originally declared ob-
ject, to preserve the Constitution, Government,
and Union. In the light of a war designed to ac-
complish and able to accomplish this object, we
never opposed it, nor did we ever seek to embar-
rass the Administration in carrying it on. We
deprecated the commencement of war and sought
through our Representatives m the councils of the
nation to give effect to the common sentiment of
the conservative portion of the people by the adop-
tion of the measure of compromise and concilia-
tion proposed by the patriotic Crittenden. We
looked with strained eyes and hoped with throb-
bing hearts for an adjustment upon that easy and
equitable basis, which should avert the threatened
calamity. We know by the most incontroverti-
ble evidence, by the direct testimony of Douglas
and Pugh, that the influential representatives of
the South, who held secession in their hands as
clouds in the troubled sky hold lightning, were
willing to remain in the Union if that measure of
compromise should be adopted and the incoming
Administration would pledge itself to its faithful
observance. The Democracy, favoring the meas-
