2054
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 3,
ment and the principle on which the matter is
settled,and he says it might be just not to charge
them so much as $2 50 an acre under the circum-
stances. That may be so. However, I do not
fee! disposed to argue that.
What I contend against is, that the State of
Wisconsin should on the principles of this report,
which seem to be most singular to me, undertake
to say that it is under no-obligations whatever to
the Government of the United States, and that the
Government of the United States are under obli-
gation, out Of this money which the State of Wis-
consin has received and appropriated to other
purposes,' to pay these stockholders of the canal
Company the amount they had invested in it, when
the Government of the United States has utterly
failed by the action of the Territory and the State
to get one dollarof value for all this " munificent
donation," as it is called in the report, that was
made to the Territory of Wisconsin.
I intended, as I said before, to merely state the
case as I understood it, without consuming time
by arguing it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will now call up the order of the day.
Mr. HOWE. Will the Chair indulge me in
making this simple remark ? This resolution will
go over now, I understand, at the request of the
Senator from Iowa, [Mr. Harlan.] I wish to
say to him and to all other Senators who have
taken any interest in this matter,that I wish they
would examine the resolution by to-morrow, so
that there need be no occasion for a further post-
ponement. I want the Senate to understand the
subject thoroughly, and 1 want them to be pre-
paied to act upon it the next time we get it up.
ONB HUNDRED DAYS' WESTERN "VOLUNTEERS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senate
will resume the consideration of the order of the
day, which is the joint resolution (II. R. No. G9)
for the payment of volunteers called out for not
le*ss than one hundred days. The question is
on the passage of the joint resolution, and upon
that question the yeas and nays have been or-
dered.
Mr. HALE. I wish to say a single word on this
subject, as I stand somewhat peculiarly related to
it, lia viiii; spoken against it and shall now probably
vote for it. My opinions are strong- and decided as
to theimpohcy of this measure. In my judgment
it is an unwise one. But I find that veiy many
gentlemen with whom I ordinarily act, and whose
judgment 1 generally regard with great defer-
ence, to. wit, my two friends from Massachu-
setts, the chairman of the Committee on Finance,
and others, entertaining substantially, as some of
them have expressed, the same views on the sub-
ject that 1 do, notwithstanding that is their pri-
vate opinion, think that the emergencies of ihe
country are such and the situation of this matter
is such that they will vote for this resolution, and
1 shall probably take that course myself. It is
of very little consequence to the country, I sup-
pose, how any individual Senator votes, but it
may be of some importance to himself; and I
wish, therefore, to state that while my judgment
condemns the pioposition as unwise and inexpe-
dient I am unwilling to put myself in a position
that might by any possibility be construed as
opposing any measure which the Administration
think necessary and wise to put down this rebel-
lion. I do not believe tins will do it, but it
seems they think it will. The Ptesidrnt of the
United States, acting on his responsibility, has
seen fit to accept these men and call them out. I
should have been glad if the majority of the Sen-
ate had thought proper to arrest the measure
where it is, and pay exactly and liberally and
honorably every dollar that has been expended—
not to repudiate, but to preserve the public faith
in full. But as such does not seem to be the couise
that is indicated by those with whom Ioidinanly
act, lather than separate from friends with whom [
have usually and ordinarily voted, f shall on this
occasion yield my judgment to the better judg-
ment of wiser men and vote for the measure", con-
st! ained by the very peculiar circumstances in
which this resolution is placed, and m which the
country now finds itself.
The question being taken by yea« and nays,
resulted—yeas nays H; as fnllows:
YteAS—Juifb-.m, < !.* «., <1 • > t f u,...,,
T)oo)ml<\ n, {( m-
Howard, Howe, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Mor-
gan, Morrill, Ramsey, Sherman, Sumner, Van Winkle,
Willev, and Wilson—23.
NAYS—Messrs. tfuekalew, Carlile, Chandler, Davis,
Harding, Henderson, Johnson, Nebunth, Pomeroy, Powell,
Riddle, Sprague, Wade, and Wilkinson—14.
So the joint resolution was passed.
Mr. CONNESS. I voted " yea" on the pas-
sage of the resolution for the purpose of giving
notice of a motion to reconsider. 1 now give that
"notice.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then the question will
be on the reconsideration. Letus take it up now.
The'PRESIDENTprotentpore. Does the Sen-
ator from California make a motion to rcconsidcr?
Mi*. CONNESS. No, sir; not now; but I
give notice that I shall make that motion.
Mr. WILSON. Is that matter disposed of?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is in the
power of the Senate.
Mr. D00L1TTLE. I understand the motion
\o reconsider is entered.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is.
Mr. CONNESS. The notice, not the motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore, The.nottce of
a motion.
Mr. JOHNSON. Does it not go over, as a
matter of course ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The practice
is to rc^in the bill until the motion is made.
Mr. JOHNSON. But does notthis motion lie
over until the next day at the instance of any Sen-
ator?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I take it the joint reso-
lution has passed, and must go to the House of
Representatives.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The resolu-
tion is passed, but the usual practice of the Sen-
ate has been to detain a bill or resolution for a
time under a notice of a motion to reconsider.
The Chair will suggest that it is competent for
any Senator to move to reconsider, and the Sen-
ate can decide the question now.
Mr. FOOT. Has that motion been made ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It has not
been made; there has only been a notice of such
a motion.
Mr. FOOT. I take it, the resolution is not to
be defamed with a view to wait somebody pleas-
ure to move a reconsideration.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It has usually
been done.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I will make the mo-
tion to reconsider.
Mr. HALE. I hope that that course will not
be taken. I have never known it done, within
my recollection, in the Senate where any gentle-
man—under the practice we have two or three
days in which a reconsideration can be moved--
has given notice of that reconsideration, that some
other member introduced the motion and pressed
the consideration of it immediately for the pur-
pose of depriving the Senator giving the notice
of the constitutional right which he had and has
of moving a reconsideration. 11is competent for
the Senate to do it no doubt, hut it is a course
that I have never known pursued in the Senate
since 1 have been a member of it.
Mr. FOOT. The motion is now made for re-
consideration.
Mr. HALE. I know it is; but that is a thing
I have never kfiown done.
Mr. CONNESS. if this course had been taken
just prior to an adjournment there would have
been an evident propriety then in forcing a vote
at this time; but under the ciicumstances I did
not expect that the motion would now be made.
However, if Senators desire to proceed m that
eouise they are welcome lo it so laras I uin con-
cerned. Sir, I fee!—I will not continue my re-
marks more than amoment—that before this res-
olution shall pass, if it passes at ail, there should
be some limit imposed upon it other than is now
imposed. I feel U very seriously and solemnly.
It is not an oct of contumacy on my part, but an
act that i believe comprehends thehighest degree
of public good. Facts have come to my knowl-
edge, even this morning, which I could not in-
trude upon the Senate, as the Senate adjourned
yesterday pending a call upon this question, that
convinced me that this measure should not pass,
at least m Us present condition. I intended to
present them when the time should come for the
motion to l^consnW. I cannot c,r< that the pub-
lic interest will ho >:u ftu from thedJay a.:t< nt:i.d
a reconsideration now; but if the. Senate see fit
to vary their own rule for the purpose of bring-
ing on a vote, of course I have nothing to say.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Mr. President, the
people of five States are now engaged in raising
troops that are to be paid by this joint resolution.
I believe that the best in terests of the country are
involved in the immediate raising of these one
hundred thousand troops, and that a few hours'
delay is prejudicial to my country. I was not
aware of the rule or the custom suggested by the
Senator from New Hampshire 
Mr. HALE. 'The Senator misunderstood me.
I did not say it was a rule. I said it was the in-
variable practice so far as I knew.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Well, in this body
that is a rule. I do not want to do anything to
violate the courtesies of the Senate. Before I with-
draw my motion, however, I appeal to the Sen-
ator from California in behalf of tlie country that
while I withdraw my motion he will withdraw
his motion. There is but one feeling so far as
the executive branch of this Government is con-
cerned. They are earnest in their desire to have
this resolution passed without a moment's delay.
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President, I have no
bargains to make here. When, only a few days
ago, the honorable Senator from Maine [Mr.
Fessenden] gave such a notice of recommenda-
tion as this, 1 did not feel as though it was my
right to object. If the Senate shall see fit to de-
part from its usage in this case at the instance of
the Senator from Kansas, if he shall press his
motion, I shall at least stand justified in the prem-
ises.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I have too much re-
spect for myself, and too much respect for the
Senator from California, to suggest a bargain.
It is a strange enunciation, when I appeal to him
on behalf of his country to withdraw his motion
that he should call that a proposition for a bar-
gain ! I have too much respect for him, too much
respect for this body, to propose a bargain. But
as it seems to be n violation of the courtesies of
the Senate I will withdraw my motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
to reconsider is withdrawn.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I am not satisfied that
this matter shall go over by default, as if it were
any violation of any courtesy or any practice or
any usage of this b^dy for a Senator who votes
with the majority on any proposition to move to
reconsider, whether another Senator has given
notice that he shall move to reconsider or not.
There never *Tias been any such practice or any
such usage, to my knowledge, in the Senate.
The rule fixes the time within which any person
••voting with the majority can move a reconsidera-
tion. If this question is suffer^ to pass off in
this way it may be considered hereafter as if
there was some violation of the courtesy due to
om! Senator giving notice of such a motion for
another to move a reconsideration. I appeal to
the older members on this floor if there has been
any such practice or any such usage.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish tu inquire whether,
on the final passage of a bill or resolution, a no-
tice that a motion will be made within two days
to reconsider would keep the bill or resolution
from being sent to the Executive?
Mr. JOHNSON. Always.
Mr. GRIMES. Never.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish to be understood.
I do not mean a motion to reconsider, but the no-
tice that such a motion would be made, which
may or may not be made.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chairis
informed that it has been the custom of the Senate,
m such a case, to withhold the bill for a time from
the House of Representatives. The Chains not
aware that it has ever occurred, on the final pas-
sage of a bill, to withhold it fiom the Executive.
Mr. CO-LLAMEIt. I wish the matter under-
stood. lias that been the custom when a notice
has been given of a motion to reconsider?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It has been
the custom, when a request has been made or a
notice has been given that the motion would be
made, for the bill to be retained in the custody of
the Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON. I was about to say that I
think the usage has been uniform. I am not in
f.i vor of lvonsidei ing the pnss'.Hj;" of thjs resolu-
tion, L-ciaitsc the nuq<miy of the Senate have do-
