THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
, 115
THE OFFICIAL -PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C:
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 1st Session.
SATURDAY, DECEMBER 19, 1863.
New Series......No, 3.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a message from the President of the United
States* transmitting a report of the Secretary of
State, in compliance with the requirements of the
sixteenth and eighteenth sections of the act to
regulate the diplomatic and consular systems of
the United States, approved August 18, 185G;
which was referred lo the Committee on Foreign
Relations, and ordered to be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
Senate a message from the President of the United
States, jecomirieDding- ?hat Captain John Rodders,
of the Navy, receive a vote of thanks from Con-
gress for the eminent skill and gallantry exhibited
by him in the engagement with the |ebel armed
iron-clad steamer Fwgal, alias Atlanta, while he
was m command of the United States iron-clad
steamer Weehawken, and also for his zeal, bia-
very, and general good conduct on many occa-
sions. This recommendation is made in compli-
ance with the ninth section of the act of July 16,
1862, which enacts that any line officer of the
Navy or Marine corps may be advanced one
grade, if, upon the recommendation of the Presi-
dent by name, he receives the thanks of Congress
for highly distinguished conduct in conflict with
the enemy, or for extraordinary heroism in the
line of his profession.
The message was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Several messages of an executive character
were received fiom the President of the United
States, by Air. Nicolay, his Secretary.
On motion of Mr. LANE, of Kansas, the Sen-
ate proceeded to the consideration of executive
business; and aftersome time engaged therein the
doors were reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, December 15, 3863.
The House mot at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. W. H. Changing.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
MESSAGES latOM THE PRESIDENT.
Several messages in writing were received from
the President ot the United States, by Mr. Nic-
olay, his Private Secretary.
COMMITTEE ON RULES,
The SPEAKER The Chair announces the
committee on rules, and desires to state that the
reason why his name appeals first on the com-
mittee is because the House so ordered it, and not
of his own volition.
The committee is as follows: The Speaker,
Messrs. "VVasiibtjrne of Illinois, Mallory, Lit-
tlejoiin, and Cox.
TOTE OF THANKS TO CAPTAIN ItODGEKS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing message from the President of the United
States:
To the Senate and House of Rep) cscntatircs :
In eoiifoumty to the law of the lGth July, 1862, i most
cordially iceommend that Captain John Rodger?., Ctiited
Slates Navy, receive a vote of thanks from Congress for the
eminent skill awl gaJhmtiy exhibited by him in the engage-
ment with the icbel armed iron-clad steamer Fmgal, alias
Atlanta, while in command of the United States non-chid
steamer WeehawUmi, which led to her capture on the 17th
Jure, ]$P>3, ,'nfd also for the zeal, b/avery, and general good
conduct ^hown l v tins officer on many occasions. This
recommendation is specially made in oiderto comply with
the requirements of the ninth section ot' the aforesaid act,
which H in the following woids, namely:
'• That any line ofiieer of the Navy oi Marine corps may
he advanced one grade, if, upon recommendation of the
President by name, he receives the thanks of Congies? for
highly du>titiguished conduct in conflict with the enemy,
or lor extraordinary heroism in the line of hi*?
ABRAHAM LINCOLN.
Washington, D. C., December 8, JSG3.
The message was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
DIPLOMATIC AND CONSULAR REPORT*
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
message from the President of the United States, I
transmitting a report dated 9th instant, with the
accompanying papers received from the Secretary
of State, in compliance with the requirements of
the sixteenth and eighteenth sections of the act
entitled "An act to regulate the diplomatic and
consular systems of the United States," approved
August 18, 1856; which were referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
PUBLIC PRINTING.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
letters from the Superintendent of Public Print-
ing, submitting estimates of additional appropri-
ations for public printing, binding, &c., for the
year ending June 30, 1864; which were referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means, and or-
dered to be printed.
TIIOMAS COTTMAN.
The SPEAKER. The Chairfindson his table
a communication dated " Washington city,"
signed by J. L. Ridded, not as Governor, but as
Governor elect, of Louisiana, transmitting the
resignation of Thomas Cottman as member of
Congress. The Chair does not see the name of
Thomas Cottman on the list of members.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the communi-
cation be not received.
Mr. COX. I move that it be referred to the
Committee of Elections.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will not submit
the paper. He merely presents it for the inform-
ation of the House.
KBPORTS OP COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER stated the business in order to
be the call of committees for reports, beginning
with the Committee of Elections.
INVALID PENSION HILL.
Mr. STEVENS, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, leported a bill making appropriations
for the payment of invalid and other pensions of
the United States for the year ending June 30,
18G5; which was read a nrst and second lime,
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
MILITARY ACADEMY BILL.
Mr. STEVENS also, from the same committee,
reported a bill making appropriations for the sup-
port of the Military Academy for the year ending
June 30, 18G5; which was read a first arid second
time, referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and ordered tobeprinted.
ItEIfERKNCE OF PKESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
Mr. STEVENS also, from the same committee,
reported the following resolutions:
Resolved, Thatso much of the annual message of the
Picsidentof the United States to the two Houses of Con-
gress ;it the present session, together with the accompany-
ing document-;, as relates to the finances, to the deficiencies
m the levenues of the Po:at Otlice Department, to the re-
ceipts into the Treasury, and public expenditures, the or-
ganization of hanking institutions, and provision for a uni-
form cunency, to the provision of additional revenue, to
taxing consuls leading abroad, and the ways and means tor
supporting and meeting all public liabilities of the Govern-
ment, be referred to the Committee ol Ways and Means.
Resolved. Thatsomueh ot said message and accompany-
ing documents ah relates to eommeice be referred to the
Committee on Oommeiee.
Resolved. That so much of said message and accompany-
ing documents as relates, to the public domain be referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Resolved, Thatso much ot said mepsase and accompany-
ing documents a> relates to the subject of telegiaphs, and
to the PonI Office Department, be tel'crrcd to the Committee
on the Po<t Otfiee and Posst Itoads.
Resolved, Thatso much of said message and accompany-
ing documents as relates to the Constitution and laws of
the {.Jsiitcd Stat* and judicial proceedings, be leferred to
the Committee on the Jndieiaiy.
Resolved, Thatso much of said messageand accompany-
ing document*, as iclatco to the public expenditure bu re-
feiK'd to tlio Committee on Public Expcndiumv,
Resolrcd, Thatso much of said message and accompany-
ing documents a-- relates, to agriculture and the Dep.u tment
of Agric ultiue be icfericd to I ho Committee on A«rieultuie.
Resolved, That so much oi said mc^aye and tu'eompauy-
hig documents as relate* to out inteieomse with the Indian
tubes and to le-iiodehng the whole Indian system, be re-
ferred lo the Committee on Indian Affairs.
iiftrQlwt!, That so much of said mes&age and accompany-
ing documents as relates to the Army,of the United States -
the exchange of prisoners, to additional provisions for ibftV
enrolling and calling out the national forces, and to-coasi-
ami lake defenses, be referred to the Committee on fttftirv '
Affairs. • : - . . : * ~
Resolved, That so much of saidmessige and accompany-.,
ingdocuments as relates to the Navy of the United States be :
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs. , '"i
Resolved, Thatso much of said message asrelates'tdi oitt'
foreign affairs, together With the accompanyingcOrresj&Rd- '
ence in relation thereto, be referred to the Committee on;
Foreign Affairs.
Resolved, Thatso much of said message and accompany-'
ing documents as relates to the Territories of the United
States be referred to the Committee on Territories. • < •
Resolved, Thatso much of said menage and accompany-.-
Ing documents as relates to pensions and the Pension Bil-
reau be referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions. '
Resolved, That so much of said message and accompany-
ing documents as relates to the expenditures in connection'
with the State Department be referred to the Committee'
on Expenditures in the State Department.
Resolved, That so much of said message and accompany-"
ing documents as relates to expenditures in conneWiott'
with the Treasury Department be referred to the Com-
mittee on Expenditures in the Treasury Department.
Resolved, That so much of s,aid message and accompany-
ing documents as relates to expenditures "in connection
with the War Department be referred to the Committed
on Expenditures in the War Department.
Resolved, Thatso much of said message and accompany-
ing documents as relates to expenditures in connection
with the Navy Department be referred to the Committee
on Expenditures in the Navy Department.
Resolved, That so much of said message and accompany-
ing documents as i elates to the expenditures in connection ,
with the Po^t Office Department bo refeired to the Com-
mittee on Expenditures in the Post Office Department.
Resolved, That so much of said message and accompany-
ing documents as relates to the militia be referied to the
Committee on the Militia.
Resolved, That so much of said message as relates to a
Pacific raihoad be relerred to a special committee of thir-
teen, to be appointed by the Speaker, to which committee
all documents and resolutions in relation to Pacific rail-
roads shall be referred.
Resolved, Thatso mut bof said message and accompany-
ingdocuments as relates to roads and canals be referred to
the Committee on Roads and Canals.
Resolved, Thatsomuchofsaid message and accompany-
ing documents as relates to any anangenient for the treed
people be releired to the select committee of nine ordered
by the Ilou^e on the 14th instant.
Resolved, Thatso much of the President's message as w
contained in the proclamation, and as lefers to the condi-
tion and treatment of the rebellious States, be leferred 10 a
special committee of nine, to be appointed by the Speaker.
Mr. COX. I have an amendment to offer to
those resolutions.
The SPEAKER. They will be open to amend-
ment unless the previous question be moved.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I do not design
to interfere with the right of the gentleman from
Ohio, but I wish to make a suggestion to thechair-
man of the Committee of "Ways and Means,
which, I am sure, he will allow me to do.
Mr. COX. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I desire to ask
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means whether he will accept as a substitute for
the last resolution an amendment which points
more directly to the purpose that he has in view.
The amendment was read, as follows:
That so much of the President's message as ielates to
the duty of the United States to guaranty a republican
lorm ot government to the States in whichthegovemrncnts
lecognifced by the United States have been abrogated oi
overthrown, be referred to a select committee of nine, to
be named by the Speakei; which shall report the hills neces-
sary ami pioper for canying iifto execution the foregoing
guaiantee.
Mr. STEVENS. Although I cannot accept
the amendment, on account of reporting the reso-
lutions ftom a committee, if the gentleman moves
it as a substitute I shall not object to it.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Then I offer it m
a substitute for the last resolution.
Mr. MALLORY. It seems to me^Mr. Speaker,
that the two propositions look to two distinct
things, and I see no reason why both cannot be
entertained. The resolution repotted by the chair-
man of the Committee of "Ways and Means con-
templates one thing; that of the gentleman from
Maryland another. One committee is to take
cognizance of one matter, and the other commit-
tee of a totally distinct matter.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that tl^
amendment is germane to the original resolujioft*
The one refers to the condition and treatment o>t
the rebel States; the other refers to the fact that
