1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3031
Finance was in lines sixty-three and sixty-four of
section eleven, to strike out "On nutmegs, 75
cents per pound; on mace, 50 cents per pound."
Tiie amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section eleven,
line sixty-five, to change the word "oil "to" oils;"
after " castor,"in line sixty-six, strike out" oil,"
and in line sixty-eight to strike out " pound"
and insert " ounce;" so as to make the clause
read:
On mis, oroton. $1 per pound ; olives, in flasks or bot-
tics, and salad, £1 per gallon ; cloves, §G per pound ; cog-
nac or cenatithic ethei, $4 per ounce.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The largely increased
duty on cloves having been struck out it will be
necessary to change the duty on the oil of cloves
as fixed in the item just acted on. I move, there-
fore, in line sixty-seven, to strike out " 6" and
insert "3;" so as to make the duty on the oil of
cloves §3 per pound.
The amendment was agreed tc.
The next amendment of the Committee on Fi-
nance was in line sixty-nine of section eleven to
strike out " 4" and insert " 2;" and in line sev-
enty to strike out " G" and insert " 3;" so as to
iriake the clause read: "On pea-nuts, or ground
beans, 2 cents per pound; shelled, 3 cents per
pound."
Mr. SUMNER. I certainly do not wish to
enter into tins pea-nut war that has been raging
for several days about the Capitol, but I long
since learned that we here do not choose our du-
ties. A large number of my constituents are in-
terested in this trade, some of whom have called
on me and .others have written. I have here half
a dozen communications on the subject. After
gathering all the information that I have been
able to gather, I am entirely satisfied that the
duty proposed by the House of Representatives
was a killing duty, and I incline to the opinion
that though the case is improved by the amend-
ment of the Committee on Finance, still their
proposition is almost a killing duty.
This is a small article, however, and the time
that is taken up by the Senate to discuss it will
cost the country almost as much as v;e shall gain
by the proposed duty; but still to these people it
is important. "There are one or two houses in
Boston at this moment who will suffer very se;i-
ously it" the duty proposed by the committee is
adopted. They have cargoes afloat which have
been ■ ordered under the old duty, and in their
■opinion the article cannot pay the new duty and
be reasonably productive.
1 said that it was a small article. We all know
that it is an article that is chiefly for the poor and
the humbler classes. It is rarely met with on the
tables of hotels and in society, but it is met with
at the corners of streets. It is very generally used
in that way, and it is also used to make an oil.
I have been led to believe that a duty of 1 cent
a pound on the pea-nut itself and of 1| cents on
the shelled would be on the whole best for the
Government and for the importers: best for the
Government, because in that way we should upon
the whole get the most money; and best for the
importers, because in that way the trade would
not be broken up or discouraged. I fear tiiat if
even the tax proposed by the committee should
be adopted the trade itself would be broken up.
One consequence would ensue at once, that we
should no longer be able to send our goods to Af-
rica in exchange. We do not pay for these ar-
ticles in gold, but we send to Afuca productions
of our country, and all that is so much clear gain
to our commerce. By having the high duty you
do interfere with our commerce,and I fear, also,
you will interfere with the revenue itself. I there-
fore propose to make a modification of the amend-
ment by reducing 2 to 1 and 3 to ]J.
Mr. FESSENDEN. All I have to say about
it is that we heard these people by their.delegates
on the subject of pea-nuts at length, both in writ-
ing and verbally> and we came to the conclusion
to°reduce the duty to one half that fixed by the
House of Representatives, and we thought that
would be about right.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. This is an article winch
is produced very largely in this country. A great
propoi tion of the supply was drawn from the State
of North Carolina before the rebellion. It can
be produced there and in other southern States.
In fact, I have grown these nuts in my owfl gar-
den at Parkersburg. It is a considerable inter-
est here and should be protected, {think,against
the imported article, which is of inferior quality.
In fact, in former years quantities of these nuts
were exported from this country. They were
s«nt to France, as I understand, for the purpose
of extracting the oil from them. These imported
nuts also enter into competition with various
other kinds of nuts that are produced here, and
there is no reason that I can perceive why a dis-
crimination should be made, why this article of
home production should not be protected as well
as many others, and also why a revenue should
not, under present circumstances, be derived from
it. I understand that the African tradegenerally
is now in the hands of Englishmen; they do the
carrying trade in English bottoms; and if articles
are sent there in exchange they are probably
sent on foreign account. They send to Africa,
for the palm oils, pea-nuts, and other articles
that they bring from there, English cotton man-
ufactures and not our own. The'proposed duty,
I think, is not excessive, nor do 1 think it is out
of range with many other duties imposed by
the bill. The raising of nuts is a considerable
interest here. As I have already slated, the ar-
ticle is largely, and can be still more extensively,
produced in this country. It therefore seems
to me that it falls under the category of goods
which ought to be protected to a sufficientextent.
Mr. JOHNSON. Will the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts tell mo what pea-nuts and ground-beans
sell for now? The importation 1 am told is a
large business in Massachusetts. Are they sold
by the pound
Mr. SUMNER. They are sold generally by
the bushel, I understand, except at the streetcor-
ners, where the Senator knows they are sold in
small quantities.
Mr. JOHNSON. Are there any grown in Mas-
sachusetts''
Mr. SUMNER. None that I am aware of.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am satisfied.
Mr. SUMNER. I will observe in reply to the
Senator from West Virginia who alludes to the
fact that pea-nuts are the growth of North Caro-
lina, that we are not now, in the present condi-
tion of the country, able to receive any fiom North
Carolina. We are now dependent upon the Af-
rican trade for them. He then reminds us that
the African trade is in the hands of the English.
Let me tell him that there is a very considerable
African trade now conducted from Salem, Boston,
and New York. Interrupted it has been by pi-
rates, but it still goes on. I do not wish to take
up time on this matter, for, as I have already said,
the discussion costs more than the tax will bring;
but I am satisfied from the papers I have exam-
ined that the tax proposed by the committee is
too much and cannot be advantageous to the Gov-
ernment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER,(Mi-JPomerov.)
The question is on the amendment of the Senator
from Massachusetts to the amendment of the
Committee on Finance.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
The amendment of the committee was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
strike out lines seventy-six, seventy-seven, and
seventy-eightofscctioneleven," On pimento, and
black, white, and red orcayenne pepper, 20cents
per pound; on ground pimento and pepper of ail
kinds, 25 cents per pound."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. After "acid,|; in line
eighty-two, I move to insert " and gallic acid;"
so as to make the clause read, "On tannin and
tannic acid, and galuc acid,^I 50 per pound."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
inseit after line eighty-seven of section eleven,
"On crude saltpeter, 2J cents per pound."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after line eighty-eight
of section eleven to insert, " On strychnine and
its salts, $1 50 per ounce."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line ninety of sec-
tion eleven to strike out " 25" and insert'' 30;"
so as to make the item read, "On tagger's iron,
30 per cent, ad valorem."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the fol-
lowing item in lines ninety-three and ninety-four
of section eleven: "On zinc, oxyd of, dry or
ground in oil,2 cents per pound."
The amendment was agreed to*.
The next amendment was in line ninety-eight
of section eleven, to strike out "25" and insert
" 35;" so as to make the clause read:
On wood pencils filled with toad or other matorlals, 50
cents per gross, and in addition thereto 35 per cont. at I ta-
lorem.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to add to section five:
On playing cards, costing not over 23 cents per pick, 25
cents per pack; costing over25 cents per pack, 35 cents per
pack.
Mr. DIXON. I move to amend the amendment
of the committee by striking out" 25" in the first
item and inserting "20," and by striking out
" 35" in the second item and inserting " 25."
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to have the
Senator give some reason for that proposition.'
Mr. DIXON. I think the duty as fixed by the
committee is prohibitory. I think more money
will be obtained by the Government by fixing it
at 20 cents for the cheaper kind and 25 cents for
that costing over 25 cents per pack. That is the
reason of my motion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The internal revenue
duties fixed on playing cards at first were 2, 4,
10, and 15 cents, according to their price, and 5
cents on fractional differences. We have raised
the 2 to 5, the 4 to 10, the 10 to 15, and the 15 to
30. That is a very large increase. The duties
on the imported article before were 15 cents for
those costing under 25 cents a pack. We have
raised that to 25 cents, and where the existing
duty is 25 cents we have raised it to 35. The in-
crease of duty in the tariff does not bear the same
proportion as the increased duty which we have
laid on the domestic article. I see no reason,
therefore, for interfering with the pioposition of
the committee.
Mr. DIXON. I do not believe that the kind
of cards costing not over 25 cents a pack will be
imported at all if the duty be put at 25 cents. If
the object is to get revenue, the duty had belter
be lowered. If the object is prohibition and to
encourage the domestic article, that is another
matter.
Mr. CLARK. We have increased the tax both
on the foreign article and the domestic article. I
take it that whatever the tax may be there will
not be many the less cards used. If we do not get
the duty on the foreign article we will get it on the
domestic, and if not on the domestic we will get
it on the foreign. The committee adjusted the
one to the other, and 1 think we had better let
the matter stand as they have adjusted it. If any
change be made, it seems to me the duty should
be higher.
The amendment to the amendmentwas rejected,
Theamendmentof the committee was agieed to.
The next amendment was in lines twelve and
thirteen of section thirteen, to strike out" manu-
factured, 25," and insert" unmanufactured, 30;"
so as to make the clause read:
On cork, bark ot wood, unrnanufactinrd, 30 ppr cent.
valorem. On corks and cork bark, manuiactured, SO per
cent, ad valorem.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to strike out the
provision in regard to furs in the fifteenth and
sixteenth lines of the thirteenth section, and in
lieu of it to insert:
Hatters' furs not on the skin, dressed furs on the skin,
25 per cent, ad valorem.; iun> on the skin, undressed, 10 per
cent, ad idlorem.
The amendment was agreed to.
"The next amendment of the Committee on Fi-
nance was io line twenty of section thirteen, to
strike out "35" and insert "40;" so as to maka
i the clause read: " Ongutta percha, manufactured,
< 40 per cent, ad valorem."
i The amendment was agreed to.
i The next amendmentwas after "dollar," in
lino thirty, to strike out "25 cents," so as to
make the duty on " marble, white statuary, bro-
catella.sienna,and verd-antique, m block, rough
or squared, $1 per cubic foot, and in addition
thereto 25 per cent, ail valorem."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendmentwas inline foi ty-tlnee of
