THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 3,
I shall, vote in the affirmative, assuming that there
is no probability of getting a quorum to-day.
Mr. RIDDLE (when Mr. Sadlsekjry's name
was called)said: iwish to state that my colleague
[M r. Sadlsbdrt] is detained at home by sickness
in his family.
The result was then announced—yeas 17, nays
15; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckale.w,CariUe, Collamer, Conness,
Cowan, Davis, Foot, Grimes, Henderson, Pomeroy, Ram-
sey, Riddle, Sherman, Sumner, Van Winkle, Wade, and
Willey~17.
NAYS—Messrs. Clark, Doolittle, Fessenden, Foster,
Hale, Harlan, Howe, Johnson, Lane of Indiana, Lane of
Kansas, Morgan, Morrill, Powell, Wilkinson, and Wilson
—15.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, May 3, 1864.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. W. H. Channing.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. SCHENCK obtained the floor.
JUDICIAL DISTRICTS IN VIRGINIA.
Mr. WILSON. 1 ask leave, with the permis-
sion of the gentleman from Ohio, to take from the
Speaker's table bill of the Senate No. 256, to
change and define the boundaries of the eastern
and western judicial districts of Virginia, and to
alter the names of said districts, and for other
purposes, for the purpose of having it referred.
No objection was made; and the bill was taken
from the Speaker's table, read a first and second
time by its title, and referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
TREATY WITH GREAT BKITAIN.
Mr. McBRIDE. 1 ask the unanimous consent
of the House to have Senate bill JNo. 187, to curry
•into efiect. the treaty between the United States
and her Britannic Majesty for the final settlement
of the claims of the Hudson's Bay and Puget Sound
Agricultural Companies, for the purpose of refer-
ence.
No objection being made, the bill was taken
from the Speaker's table, read a first and second
time by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Foreign iulairs.
LAND G RANT TO KANSAS.
On motion of Mr. WILDER, by unanimous
consent, bill of the Senate No. 233, making an
additional grant of lands to lite ytate of Kansas
to aid in the construction of railroad and telegraph
lines, was taken from the Speaker's table, read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
LAND GRANT TO IOWA.
Mr. ALLISON. I ask theunanimous consent
of the House that a message'be sent to the Sen-
ate asking the return of House bill No. 159, for
a grant of lands to the State of Iowa, in alternate
sections, to aid in the construction of a railroad
in said State, and for other purposes, in order to
correct an error in the engrossment.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
INCREASE 01? SOLDIERS' PAY.
Mr. JULIAN. I would ask what is the regu-
lar order of business?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is not yet aware
for what purpose the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
ScbenckJ obtained the floor. '
Mr. SCHENCK. I have authority from the
House to report back from the Committee on
Military Affairs the bill of the Senate (No. 145)
to equalize the pay of soldiers in the United States
Army.
The SPEAKER. If that bill is not reported
now, the bill reported from the Committee on
Public Lands last Tuesday evening will be the
first business in order.
Mr. SCHENCK. I propose to report it back
now. lam instructed by the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs to report the bill back with an amend-
ment in the nature of a substitute. I move to
strike out all after the enacting clause, and to in-
sert in lieu thereof the following:
That on and after the 1st day of May, A. T). 18G4, the
pay of al! soldiers in t!io military service of (ho United
States shall be sixteen dollar.- per month. And from that .
date, also* the pay of non-commissioncd officers shall be l
increased as follows: corporals shall receive'eighteen dol-
lars per month; sergeants, including commissaiies' and
quartermasters' sergeants, twenty dollars per month 5 or-
d'Oily sergeants, twenty-four dollars, per month; and ser-
geant majors, tsventy-six dollars per month.
Sec. 2. And he it further enacted, That the Army ration
shall hereafter be the same as provided by law and regula-
tions nn the IstdayofJuly, 1861 : Provided, That the lation
of pepper prescribed in the eleventh section of the act to
promote the efficiency of the corps of engineers and of the
ordnance department, and for other purposes, approved
March 3, 1863, shall continue to be furnished as heretofore.
Butnothing contained in this act shall be construed to alter
the commutation value of rations as regulated by existing
laws. ^
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That so much of the
fifth section of the act entitled "An act to authorize the
employment of volunteers to aid in enforcing the laws and
protecting the public property," approved July22,1861,as
provides that each company officer, non-commissioned offi-
cer, private, musician, and artificer of cavalry shall furnish
his own horse and horse equipment-!, and shall receive
forty cents per day for their use and risk, is hereby re-
pealed, except only so far as the same may hereafter be
made to apply and relate to mounted troops called into the
service of the United States for a term not exceeding six
months.
Sec. 4. Jind be it further enacted, That from and after
the passage of this act the pay of clerks of paymasters in
the Army of the United States shall be $1,200 per annum.
Sec. 5. And be it farther enacted, That the thuty-first
section of an act entitled "An actfor eniolhng and calling
out the national force*:, and for other purpo^.s," approved
March 3, 1863, be, and the same is heieby, so amended as
that an officer may have, when allowed by order of his
proper commander, leave of absence for othor cause than
sickness or wounds, without deduction from his pay oral •
lovvances: Provided, That the aggregate of such absence
shall not exceed thiity days 111 any one year.
See. 6. And be it further enacted, That the provision? of
the first section of tins act shall terminate and expire at the
end of the present rebellion.
Sec. 7. And he itfuithercnactcd, That all laws and parts
of laws inconsistent with the provisions of this bill are
hereby repealed.
Mr. COX. I ask the gentleman to yield to me
'a moment, not for the purpose of making a speech,
but for the purpose of ottering in good faith and
in all sincerity an amendment from this side of
the House to increase the pay of the private sol-
dier two dollars n month and the pay of the non-
commissioned officers two dollars a month.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Ohio .yield for that purpose?
Mr. SCHENCK. I cannot. I propose to call
the previous question on the bill after a brief
Statement in relation to its contents.
Mr. COX. The other day the gentleman made
a speech upon this subject, and this side of the
House had no opportunity of saying a word in
feply. Now, sir, we upon this side of the House
desire to propose to the other side, and allow a
test vote to be taken upon it, to raise the pay of
the private soldier to a point that will enable
him to purchase the necessaries of life for his
family at the present price of living.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio whether lie will not at least allow us to sub-
mit a proposition to make a discrimination be-
tween white and colored soldiers. I wish to
propose eighteen and twenty dollars a month re-
spectively for the colored and white soldiers.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 cannot yield.
Mr. DAWSON. 1 want to know of the gen-
tleman from Obio if he will not give me an op-
portunity, as chairman of the caucus of the Dem-
ocratic party of this House, to propose what
they have instructed me to propose for raising
the pay of the soldiers before he demands the
previous question ? I hope the pay of the private
soldier will be increased to not less than twenty
dollars a month in the present depreciated cur-
rency.
Mr. SCHENCK. No, sir. I shall demand the
previous question, and if the Democratic caucus
are more numerous than the Union caucus they
can vote down the demand.
Mr. DAWSON. Very well, let that go as the
gentleman's answer.
Mr. KERNAN. I want to ask the gentleman
from Ohio in his statement of the provisions of
this biil to explain wherein they differ from the
features of the present bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will do so. I had sup-
posed that every gentleman would understand it.
House bill No. 145 equalizes the pay of soldiers,
raising the pay of the colored troops to the stand-
ard of pay fixed for white troops. That provision
having been substantially incorporated by the
Senate into an appropriation biil, the Committee
on Military Affairs did not deem it necessaiy to
report back that provision. They have, there-
fore, reported back only so much of that bill in
relation to the' pay of colored troops as relates to
the raising of the pay of all the private soldiers.
The first section, therefore, which was the fifth
in the bill as recommitted, simply contains,as we
have reported it, a general provision increasing
the pay of private soldiers from thirteen dollars a
month to sixteen dollars a month, with an addi-
tional provision for increased pay to non-commis-
sioned officers, who gentlemen will understand
are an exceedingly valuable class of officers stand-
ing between the commissioned officer^ind the pri-
vates, if made as efficient as they ouglit to be. We
propose to give to corporals two dollars a month
more than to privates; they now receive no addi-
tional pay. We propose to give to sergeants two
dollars a month more than corporals; we propose
to give orderlies or first sergeants four dollars
more, and sergeant majors two dollars a month
more than that.
Now, Mr. Speaker, supposing that every gen-
tleman here has made up his mind whether be
will vote for an increase of pay to the soldiers or
not, I do not propose to enter into any discussion
upon that subject. There may be a difference of
opinion between members as to what amount of
increase ought to be granted. Some are in favor
of raising their pay to fourteen dollars, some vto
fifteen dollars, some to sixteen dollars, the rate
we have agreed upon, and some at a higher rate.
The Committee on Military Affairs have deteim-
ined, considering all the circumstances, consid-
ering the necessities of the service, justice to the
soldiers, what has been done in regard to bounty,
what has taken place upon the subject of the cur-
rency, and the ability of the Treasury to meet
the demands upon it, to leave it to the House to
adopt or reject our proposition.
The next section provides for the reestablish-
ment of the Army ration at what it was in J 851,
at the commencement of this war. We ascertained
from the Commissary General—in the report that
I have upon my table—that that ration is ample.
Every one who has been in the service knows it
to be so. The ration was increased from eighteen
to tw -ity-two' ounces of bread, eighteen being
more than is allowed to any other soldiers in the
world, and twice as much as Jeff. Davis's sol-
diers get. What was added to the ration only
increased the waste and difficulty of transporta-
tion without the soldier getting actually anything
more than he did before. There has been a pro-
vision by which the shrplus of rations might go
to a post or regimental fund, but in no case has
it gone to the individuulaoldier. Without taking
anything awaj^from the soldier—I speak of the
practical effect—we add three dollars in cash to
his pay. Going back to the ration of 1861 and
what it was m January, 1864—1 have no later esti-
mate—it makes a difference in the entire ration
of one cent and ninety-nine one hundredths. As
I have said, the entire ration in the field is scarcely
possible to be used. It makes then in one month
a difference of fifty cents if the soldier realizes it,
which he does not. So really, taking nothing
from him, and making a saving to the Govern-
ment, we give him in lieu of it what he would
prefer, some five or six times that sum in cash to
be added to his pay. There is a part of the ration
increased since 1861, which the Senate and House
Military Commitee on consultation with the War
Department thought it proper to retain. I refer
to the allowance of pepper.
Section three refers to the provision allowing
forty cents a day to a man who furnishes his own
horse, and limits that to the cases where the men
are called out for a short time, not exceeding
throe months. That is proposed to the law, on the
application of the cavalry bureau, communicated
to us by the Secretary of War, who approves it,
and because it is found in practice a great deal of
abuse and little or no advantage has arisen from
that provision of law.
There is a section providing that the pay of
paymasters' clerks shall be $1,200a year. The
committee have in this departed from the gen-
eral lule which they have adopted for themselves,
not to recommend an increase of the pay of any
officers or clerks. They have made this excep-
tion for this reason: a paymaster's clerk is re-
quired not only to be a man of strictest integrity,
as every clerk ought to be, but must have^a pel
culiar knowledge of accounts. Immense respons-
ibilities are necessarily intrusted to him. We
propose to raise his pay up to that of the lowest
