34
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 15,
the governments recognized by the Government
of the United States have been abrogated or over-
thrown. The verbiage is different, but the Chair
thinks that the subject-matter is the same.
Mr. BROOKS. The essential difference be-
tween the two propositions I take to be this: the
first proposition leaves it to the discretion of the
committee to take whataction it may deem proper.
It is optional to it to report a bill or not. If it
find that a republican form of government does
Hot exist in some of the States, it may report the
necessary bill. The substitute, as 1 understand
it, proposes special instructions that this commit-
tee shall report some bill. I do not know what
object the gentleman from Maryland has in view.
1 shall be happy to hear from him, and will give
way to him for an explanation.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. The object which
I had m view in submitting the resolution as a
substitute for that proposed by the Committee of
Ways and Means was simply this: the language
of the resolution reported by the Committee of
Ways and Means is very general, and perhaps
does not point precisely to the object the gentle-
man who drew it had in his own mind. It would
cover the whole subject of the war. So much, I
think it says in substance, of the President's mes-
sage as relates to the condition and treatment of
the rebel States shall be referred to a select com-
mittee. What does not relate to the condition and
treatment of the rebel States? Itincludesthe con-
duct of the war; the treatment of the people not
in arms in the rebellious districts, and the policy
the military governors shall pursue; it includes,
in a word, the whole treatment of the States which
are the theater of the rebellion.
1 take it that that was not what the Committee
of Ways and Means contemplated. 1 presume
they intended to point to what, in the very mac-
curate phraseology of the day, is known as the
question of reconstruction.
Now, as I think there has been no destruction
of the Union, no breaking up of the Government,
I cnrcfully avoid the use of any such word. The
fact, as well as the constitutional view of the con-
dition of affairs in the States enveloped by the
rebellion, is that a force has overthrown, or the
people, in a moment of madness, have abrogated
the governments which existed in those States,
under the Constitution, and were recognized by
the United States prior to the breaking out of the
rebellion.
The Government of the United States is en-
gaged in two operations. One is the suppression
of armed resistance to the supreme authority of
the United States, and which is endeavoring to
suppress that opposition by arms. Another—a
very delicate and perhaps as high a duty—is to
see, when armed resistance shall be removed, that
governments shall be restored in those States re-
publican in their form.
The substitute that I offer points the investi-
gation of the committee to that one point, using
carefully the language of the Constitution through-
out—" thatso much ofthe President's messageas
relates to the duty of the United States to guaranty
republican forms of government in those States in
which governments recognized previously by the
United States have been abrogated or overturned,
be referred to aselect committee, whose duty it shall
be to report such bills as are necessary anil proper
to carry in to execution the foregoing guarantees."
It is not intended, as the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Brooks] apparently supposes, as a
peremptory instruction to the committee to report
any particular measure. There is no measure
which has been indicated that the resolution pro-
poses they shall report; nor are they instructed
necessarily to report any bill; but it is taken for
granted, when a matter of that kind within the
legitimate sphere of the legislation of Congress is
referred to a committee, they will report such
measures relative to the subject as their wisdom
shall dictate. That is all that is contemplated by
this resolution.
Mr, BROOKS. As I now understand the gen-
tleman from Maryland—so far as I do understand
him—I am much more disposed to follow the lead
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Ste-
vens,] who introduced the original resolution,
rather than the lead ofthe gentleman from Mary-
land. I think'his formula is a better one, ]n
this particular condition of the House, I am op-
posed to the construction of a special committee
But if the proposition of the gentleman from
Maryland shall be persisted in, I should be dis-
posed to add that this committee be instructed to
inquire also whether republican governments have
not been abrogated and overturned north of the
Potomac as well as south of the Potomac since
this revolution began.
A Member. That is right.
Mr. BROOKS. 1 am not disposed, however,
to enter into any controversy on this subject at
this early period of the session; but I repeat that
it seems wiser for us at this point and at this
hour to follow the lead of the chairman of the
•Committee of Ways and Means, and leave the
whole broad subject untrammeled to the inves-
tigation of that committee on the principles he
stated, rather than to instruct, or seem to instruct
by the use of the word "shall," the committee to
report any series of measures.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Mr. Speaker, I do not know
that this subject is to be discussed, but I think
that we ought to congratulate ourselves that, de-
spite the effort of certain individuals, there is for-
tunately a republican government in the' States
north of the Potomac, and that there likely will
continue to be without infringement or abatement.
I think that the gentleman from New York can
set his heart at ease on that point, it having been
settled by the recent elections.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I do not know that this is
the point to take our departure one way or the
other; still, so far as I have heard the debate, I
shall follow the lead of thegentleman from Mary-
land, [Mr. Davis,] unless I take it myself.
[Laughter.] At any rate, I shall follow the prin-
ciples indicated by his resolution, and the remarks
with which he has accompanied it. I do not be-
lieve, strictly speaking, that there are any rebel
States; I know that there are States which rebels
have taken possession of and overthrown the le-
gitimate governments for the time being; and I
hold, with the gentleman from Maryland, as I
understood him, that those governments still re-
main; and that as soon as we can get possession
of them we will breathe into them the spirit of
republican life—a free soul once again. I am for
the Constitution as it is and the Union as it was.
[Laughter.] Yes, I am for the Constitution as
it is, and not as it has been falsely interpreted,
and for the Union as it was before it was taken
possession of by slaveholding tyrants, as the
steamer Chesapeake recently has been by pirates.
I want to dispossess the ship of State of her piratical
crew, and to put in their place loyal men, to sail
her as our forefathers sailed the old Union. That
is what 1 want.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Are the res-
olutions open to amendment?
The SPEAKER. They are.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
move an additional resolution when the call for
the previous question has been voted down.
The SPEAKER. It is in order to call for the
previous question on a single resolution oramend-
ment. The previous question has not yet been
called for.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will now
move my additional resolution.
Mr. COX. I have a chance at that first.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
indicated a like intent.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman seems to be behindhand this morning.
Mr. COX, I yielded to the gentleman from
Maryland out of courtesy.
The question recurred on the amendment of Mr.
Davis, of Maryland, and on adivision there were
—ayes 80, noes 74.
Mr. STILES demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The vote was taken, and it was decided in the
affiimative—yeas 91, nays 80; as follows:
YEAS—Mppsrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson, Ar-
nold, Ashley, John 1). Baldwin, Baxter, lieautan, Blaine,
Blow, Boyd, Brandegee, Broomall, Ambrose \V. Claik,
Fteemau Claike, Cobb. Cole, Cieswell, Henry Winter
Davi-s, Thorna* T. Davis, Dawes, Deimng, Dixon, Don-
nelly, Drigss, Dumont, Eckley, Eliot, Farnsworth, Fenton,
Frank, Garfield, Gooch, Grinnell, iligby, Hooper. liotch-
kiss, Asahel W. Hubbard, John II. Hubbard, Uuiburd,
Jenckes, Julian, Kelley, Francis \V. Kcllosji, Oiluntfo
Kellogg, Loan, Longyear, Lovpjoy, Maivin, MeBride, Mc~
Ciurg, Mclndoe, Samuel F. Miller, Moot head, Morrill,
P.tniel Morris, Amos Myers, Leonaid Myers, Norton,
Charles O'Neill, Orth, Patterson, Perham,Pike. Pomeroy,
1'ijee, Alexander H. Rice, John H. ltice, Edward fl. Rol-
lins, Sehenck,Scofield, Shannon, Sloan, Smithers, Spauld-
ing. Stevens, Thayer, Thomas, Van Valkenburgh, Ehhu
B. Washburne, William B. Washburn, Webster, Whaley,
Williams, Wilder, Wilson, Windom, and Woodbndge—91.
NAYS—Messrs. James C. Allen, William J. Allen, An-
eona, Baily, Augustus C. Baldwin, Jacob B. Blair, Bliss,
Brooks, James S. Brown, Chanler, Clay, Coffroth, Cox,
Cravens, Dawson, Denmson, Eden, Edgerton, Eldridge,
English, Finck, Ganson, Grider, Griswold, Hale, Hall,
Harding, Harrington, Charles M. Harris, Derrick, liohnaii,
Hutchms, Philip Johnson, William Johnson, Kernan, King,
Knapp, Law, Lazear,Le Blond, Long, Mallory, Marcy,
McAllister, McDowell, McKinney,Middleton, William H.
Milter, James R. Morris, Morrison, Nelson, Noble, Odell,
John O'Neill, Pendleton, Radford, Samuel J. Randal!,
William H. Randall, Robinson, Rogers, James S. Rollins,
Ross, Scott, Smith, Stebbins, John B. Steele, William G.
Steele, Stiles, Strouse, Stuart, Tracy, Voorhees, Wads-
worth, Ward, Wheeler, Chilton A. White, Joseph W,
White, Winfield, Fernando Wood, and Yeaman—80.
So the amendment was adopted.
During the roll call,
Mr. DAWES stated that his colleague, Mr.
Boutwell, was absent from the House on account
of indisposition.
Mr. A. W. CLARK stated that Mr. Little-
john was still confined to his room by sickness.
Mr. BEAMAN stated that Mr. Upson was
detained froA the House by indisposition.
The result was then announced as above re-
corded.
Mr. COX. I offer the following amendment to
come in at the close of the resolutions reported
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania:
Resolved, That the seven additional standing committees
appointed under rules numbered 103 and 103 be duectcd
at once to perform the duties prescribed by said rules, and
examine into the state of the accounts and expenditures of
the several Departments respectively submitted to them,
and report particulaily, as specified in rule No 103, so that
the appointment of said committees may not become, as
heretofore, nugatory; and further, thai, to carry into effect
this resolution, the taid committees have all the powers of
committees of investigation.
I ask for the reading of rule No. 103.
The Clerk read, as follows:
"It shall he the duty of the several Committees on Public
Expenditures to inquire whether any offices belonging to the
branches or Dopaitments, respectively, concerning whose
expenditures it is their duty to inquire, have become use-
less or unnecessary; and to report, from tivie to tune, on the
expediency of modifying or abolishing the same; also,to
examine into the pay and emoluments of all ofhees under
the laws ofthe United States ; and to report, from tune to
tune, such a reduction or increase thereof as a just econ-
omy and the public service may require."
Mr. COX. I demand the previous question on
the amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw that for a single moment.
Mr. COX. If the gentleman wishes to make
any suggestion, I withdraw it for the present.
Mr. STEVENS. I wish to suggest that while
probably I should not object to that resolution as
an independent proposition—although, perhaps,
the latter part of it is hardly proper—yet it does
not seem to me to be pertinent to the resolutions
distributing the Presidents message. 1 hope the
gentleman will withdraw it as an amendment. As
a separate resolution I should probably have no
objection to it.
Mr. COX. If the amendment of the gentleman
from Maryland [Mr. Davis] was pertinent at all,
then, for a still stronger reason, this would be
pertinent. This amendment proposes to instruct
the committees to whom are referred parts of the
message to act at once and promptly, so that their
appointment may be of some force and effect, and
it also gives them some additional powers.
Mr. STEVENS. And then it goes on in a
censorious manner to say that heretofore these
committees have been nugatory. That is what
Mr. Benton would have called " a stump speech
in the belly of the resolution." I think that had bet-
ter be left out, and that if the resolution is passed
it should be passed as a separate resolution.
Mr. COX. 1 will strike out the word u nuga-
tory," as it seems to be objectionable to thegen-
tleman. I did not intend really to censure any
former committees; but it has been the habit of
the House to neglect this business year after year.
There has been no time when it has been more
important than it is at present to have the stand-
ing committees of the House investigate all the
accounts of the Departments; and they should
have f>ower to send for persons and papers, like
committees of investigation, so that we may have
some force and effect given to this valuable rule.
I know that the gentleman from Pennsylvania is
in favor of it. 1 cannot see that it disturbs his
resolutions at all. It really cavrics out the inten-
tion of his resolutions as to these committees.
