1864,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
W&l
Mr. HOLMAN. Inasmuch as 
Mr. GRINNELL. I cannot yield to the gen-
tleman. If he denies it, let him do it.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 only wish to answer the
gentleman.
Mr. GRINNELL. I cannot yield,as objection
is made.
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust the gentleman will
yield to me for a moment.
Mr. GRINNELL. I cannot yield.
Mr. HOLMAN. For a single word ? •
Mr. GRINNELL. No, sir.
Mr. HOLMAN. For but a single remat'R?
Mr. GRINNELL. No, sir.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from In-
diana will take his seat. He must understand
that if the gentleman from Iowa declines to yield
the floor, he is entitled to it without interruption.
If the gentleman from Indiana persists in violat-
ing the rules of the House, the Chair will be com-
pelled to order him under arrest.
Mr. HOLMAN. I only ask the gentleman to
yield to me for a moment.
Mr. GRINNELL. I cannot. The gentleman
will have an opportunity to reply when I get
through.
It is fitting that I should close these unpremed-
itated remarks by calling attention to the fact that
I was attacked, in what I should style "else-
where," in a most cowardly and unbecoming
manner. It is fitting that I should say to the
member from Ohio that, as the Representative of
a loyal district that has sent foui'teen thousand
brave men to this war to put down the rebellion,
I am not to be put down or put out of countenance
by the head of the peace party outside or in this
House. I was not sent here for that purpose. 1
am here to maintain my manhood, to declare his
party apostate, in league with slavery and the
devil; and with him they will go down—down—
I might have said, with the explorer, so low as
to find " ile," hell, or China. We have, as the
party of freedom, our candidate; and we shall
elect him President. We shall save this Union
and be a free nation. And if in all God's do-
minions there is to be found one being who will
hereafter be remembered for infamy and for base-
ness such as the world never heard of, it will be
the peace Democrat of 1864. I should ask par-
don for taking so much notice of a lecreant de-
famer, for these are the expiring echoes of the
voice of the gentleman from Ohio, who has a few
thousand votes against him at home, and who
will never more be heard in this Hall after the
F resent Congress. Not giving him further notice,
shall be prepared to defend myself againstevery
attack, save that of an assassin. His political
grave is dug, and, as he falls into it " unwept,
unhonored, and unsung," the high glee for his
departure shall be, unless he repents before God,
in the rude verse of the poor he maligns—
"Ashes to ashes, dust to du^t;
Here's the liolu, and in you mu&t."
Mr. ARNOLD resumed the floor.
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust the gentleman from
Illinois will allow me to say this: I think that
the controversy as to the votes given on the elec-
tion of Chaplain is a very improper one; but, in-
asmuch as I am a little sensitive on a question
of theology at times, I certainly did not vote for
the gentleman elected Chaplain by the House.
If I had been controlled by theological opinions
I could not have done so. The gentleman from
Iowa supported a candidate who believed in the
African but rejected Christ. I voted for a can-
didate who at least believed in the God of our
fathers.
Mr. ARNOLB obtained the floor, but yielded
it to
Mr. HOLMAN, who moved that the commit-
tee do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Dawus reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had had the Union generally under consideration,
and particularly the annual message of the Presi-
dent of the United States, and had come to no con-
clusion thereon.
And then, on motion of Mr. DAWES, (at five
minutes after five o'clock, p. m,,) the House ad-
journed till Monday,
IN SENATE.
Monday, March 14,1S64.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The VICE PRESIDENT signed the enrolled
bill (S. No. 1) granting a pension to John L.
Burns, of Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, which had
previously been signed by the Speaker of the
House of Representatives.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENTlaid before the Senate
a message from the Presidentof the United States,
communicating, in answer to a resolution of the
Senate of the 29th of February, a report of the
Secretary of the Interior in relation to the amount
of money received from the sale of the Wea trust,
lands, and the manner in which the same was in-
vested; which was referred to the Committee on
Indians Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
Senate a message from the President of the United
States, transmitting a copy of a treaty between the
United States and Great Britain for the final set-
tlement of the claims of the Hudson's Bay and
Puget Sound Agricultural Company, concluded
on the 1st of July last, the ratifications of which
were exchanged in this city on the 5th instant,
and recommending an appropriation to carry into
effect the first, second, and third articles thereof;
which was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
Senate a message from the Presidentof the United
States, communicating, in answer to a resolution
of the Senate of the 28th of January last, a report,
with accompanying papers, from the Seeretaiy of
the Interior, showing what portion of the appro-
priations for the colonization of persons of Atiican
descent has been expended, and the steps which
have been taken for the execution of the acts of
Congress on that subject; which was referred to
the select committee on slaveiy and freedmen.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate resolutions of the Legislature of Kansas, in
favor of the amendment to the act to aid in the
construction of a railroad and telegraph line from
the Missouii river to the Pacific ocean, so as to
require the Leavenworth, Pawnee, and Western
Railroad Company to make Wyandotte, Law-
rence, Topeka, Wabannse, Manhattan, and Junc-
tion cities, points on that line; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on the Pacific Railroad,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WADE presented the petition of Stephen
S. Balk, first lieutenant sixth cavalry, United
States Army, praying that he may be relieved
from all liability incurred by the loss of public
money which he alleges was stolen from him
about the 27th day of September, 1863; which
was refened to the Committee on Claims.
"He also presented a petition of citizens of Ash-
tabula county, Ohio, and a petition of citizens of
Buffalo, New Yoik, praying foran appropriation
for the repair and impiovement of Ashtabula
harbor; which were referred to the Committee on
Commeice.
He also presented a memorial of the Board of
Trade and a memorial of ship-owners and boat-
captains of Detroit, Adichigan, praying fur an ap-
propriation forthe improvement of Frankfort har-
bor on Lake Michigan; which were referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. SUMNER presented four petitions of cit-
izens of Boston, praying for an increase in the
facilities for the transportation of mails, passen- j
gers, and freight between the cities of New York !
and Philadelphia; which were referred to the Com
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
He also presented a petition of citizens of New j
Hampshire, piaying for the abolition of slavery !
throughout the United States, and for the atlop- :
tion of measures for amending the Constitution j
so as folever to piohibit its existence in any por-
tion of the country; which was referred to the se- j
lect committee on slavery and freedmen.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented four petitions of I
hospital stewards in the Army, praying for in- j
creased rank and pay; winch were referred to the I
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia. !
He also presented the petitioned iVIr^. H. A.
Hartman and one hundred and twenty-nine oth«
ers, loyal ladies of Washington coutrty, Illinois,
prayingfor the total abolition of slavery thrcligh^
out the United States; which was- referred to the:
select committee on slavery and freedmen.
He also presented the petition of flenryAsbury^
John W. Whipp,and others, of duincy., Illinois,*
praying for the establishment of a uniform am-
bulance and hospital system for the armies of the
United States; which was ordered to lie on the
table. ^
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 also present a memorial
of the Board of Trade of Chicago, Illinois, praying?
Congress to make an appropriation for the con-
struction of a ship canal around Niagara falls,
on the American side, as required by the commer-
cial interests of the country, and also demanded
as a military necessity for the proper protection
of the northern frontier. I move that it be re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON presented five petitions from cit-
izens of Boston, Massachusetts, praying for an
increase in the facilities for the transportion of
mails, passengers, and freight between the cities
of New York and Philadelphia; which were1 re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs ami
the Militia.
He also presented three memorials of citizens
of New York, remonstrating against the renewal
ofGoodyear's patent for the manufacture of vul-
canized India rubber; which were referred to the
Committee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. MORGAN presented two memorials from
citizens of New York in favor of an increase in
the facilities for the transportation of mails, pas-
sengers, and freight between the cities of New
York and Philadelphia; which were referred to
the Committee on M ilitary Affairs and the Militia.
He also presented a petition of citizens of Troy,
New York, praying for the formation of a prop-
erly organized ambulance and sanitary corps for
the armies of the United States; which was or-
dered to lie on the table.
Mr. COWAN presented a petition of citizens
of Philadelphia, and apetition of citizens of Pitts-
burg, Pennsylvania, praying for an increase of
the facilities for the transportation of mails, pas-
sengers, and fieight between the cities of New
York and Philadelphia; which were referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a petition of citi-
zens of Sandusky, Ohio, prayingfor the construc-
tion of a ship canal around the falls of Niagara;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
He also presented three petitions of citizens of
the United States, praying for the sale of the min-
eral lands of the Rocky mountain country, and
that liberal aid may be granted in the construc-
tion of the Noi thern and Central Pacific railroads;
which were referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I present the petition
of Baptiste Peoria and Frank Valley, on behalf
of the confedciate bands of Weas.Peorias, Kas-
kaskias, and Piankeshaw Indians, praying that
provision may be made for the payment of the
amount alleged to be due them under the treaty
of May 30, 1S54. I ask that it be referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs, and printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be so re-
ferred. The motion to print will go to the Com-
mittee on Punting.
Mr. JOHNSON presented the petition of N.
S. Brinton, a paymaster m the United States
Army, praying that the accounting officers of the
Treasury may bo authorized to ciedit him with
the amount of public funds lost by the burning of
the steamer Iluth on the Mississippi river on the
5th of August, 18G3; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. HENDRICKS presented papers in rela-
tion to the claim of J. N. Confer, late surgeon of
the twenty-ninth regiment Indiana volunteers, for
compensation for certain property alleged to have
been lost while, in the service of the United States;
which were referred to the Committee oil Claims.
Mr. POWELL presented resolutions of the Le-
gislature of Kentucky, in favor of a military road
from the interior of Kentucky to the Cumberland
river, at some point above the falls of said river;
