1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
?rade of clerks in the Department, and no higher,
t is the only increase that the committee have
recommended in case of officers or clerks.
In another section we provide for repealing the
provision of law as it now stands in reference to
leaves of absence. Officers, as it were, have been
fined by a deduction from their pay and allow-
ances even when absent by leave. That has been
found in practice to operate harshly on some of
the best of our officers. Men who have been ab-
sent two or thr.ee years could not visit theirfam-
ilies even with a leave of absence except with a
deduction from their pay which they could ill
afford. It is provided that officers may have leave
of absence without deduction of pay provided that
the leaves of absence shall not exceed thirty days
in any one year. It is proposed in the bill from
the Senate that the officers should have leave of
absence ten days at a time. The Committee on
Military Affairs of the House have thought that
that was not a fair provision, for the reason that
while it would be a benefit to soldiers serving in
armies near home, as in the army of the Potomac,
it would be of little benefit to the soldiers in Ten-
nessee and Georgia, who would require more
than ten days to get home and back again. We
agree that the officer may take it in parcel or in
tiie aggregate, as his commander may allow him,
but it is not to exceed thirty days in any one
year. Thirty days would allow an officer at a
distant point to visit his family and return.
The next section provides that the increase of
pay provided in the first section shall expire with
the termination of the presentrebellion.' Congress
will be left to take care of the Army in the future
as to the amount of pay.
The next is but a repealing clause; and this is
therefore an exposition of all the contents of the
bill. I hope my friend from New York is satis-
fied with the explanation I have given. Without
entering into any discussion, supposing that every
gentleman has made up his mind, ana is able to
vote upon the bill now, either to reject it or to
pass it, I move the previous question.
Mr. ROSS. I ask permission of the gentleman
from Ohio to offer an amendment to strike out six-
teen dollars a month for soldiers, and insert twenty
dollars a month. I appeal to the honorable chair-
man of ihe Military Committee to take the sense
of the House oil that point.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am acting under the in-
structions of my committee, which directed me
to make this report. If voted down, of course
gentlemen can offer any other proposition which
they may consider better.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will my colleague on
the committee allow me to make a suggestion in
regard to the pay of quartermasters'clerks, which
is reduced by this bill?
Mr. SCHEN.CK! declined to withdraw the pre-
vious question.
Mr. HOLMAN called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Dawson
and Sciienck were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 71, noes 40.
So the previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered, which was on agreeing to
the substitute reported by the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
Mr. KING. I desire to ask a question of the
chairman of the Military Committee forinforma-
tion. The seventh section is one which presents
some difficulty to my mind. It repeals the fifth
section of the act of 1861, which allows amounted
volunteer forty cents a day for his horse. I wish
to know from the chainnah of the Committee on
Military Affairs whether it is intended thereby
to make no allowance to a mounted main in the
scrvice for his horse. I know of no law ex-
cept the act of 1861 which allows pay for the
soldier's horse. If that is repealed, does the
soldier who owns his own horse get nothing for
him ?
Mr. SCHENCK. The idea which the com-
mittee has is this: that it is better to go back and
adhere to the principle of the Government furnish-
ing its own horses, unless where cavalry is called
out for a very short time. It of course does not
interfere with the past in any way, but it may
make it necessary for the Government to become
the owner of horses in the service not now owned
by it, or to dismount the men who own their own
horses and change the character of the toice. It
simply falls back upon the principle of the Gov-
ernment furnishing its own horses.
Mr. KING. And it will not interfere with
men already in the service with their own horses?
Mr. SCHENCK. Not with the past. Not
with any pay for the past time.
■ The question was taken, and the substitute was
agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be read a
third time; and was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. SCHENCK moved the previous question
on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. SCHENCK called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 135, nays 0; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Aticona, Ander-
son, Arnold, Ashley, Baily, Augustus C. Baldwin, John
1). Baldwin, Baxter, Beaman, Blow, Boutwell, Boyd, Bran-
degee, Brooks, Bromnail, William G. Brown, Ohanler,
Cobb, Cole, Cox, Creswell, Henry Winter Davis, Dawes,
Dawson, Doming, Denison, Dixon, Donnelly, Driggs, eck-
ley, Eden, Eldridgc, Eliut, Farnsworth, Fenton, Finck,
Garfield, Orider, Grmncll, Hale, Hal), Harding, Charles M.
Harris, Herrick, Higbv, Holman, Hotclikiss, Asalicl W.
Hubbard, John II. Hubbard, Hulburd, Hutch ins, Philip
Johnson, William Johnson, Julian, Kasson, Kelley, Francis
W. Kellogg. Kernan, King. Knapp, Law,Lazear,Lc Blond,
Loan, Long, Longy ear, Marcy, Marvin, McBnulo, McC'lurg,
McDowell, Mcfndoi', McKimu-y, Middleton, Samuel F.
Miller, Moorllead, Morrill,Daniel Morris, James K. Morris,
Moriison, Amos Myers, Leonard Myers, Noble, Norton,
Odelt, Chailea O'Neill, John O'Neill, Orth, Patterson, Per-
ham. Perry, Pike, Pomeroy, Price, Kadford, Samuel J. Ran-
dall, William H. Randall, Alexander H. Itice, John II. Rice,
Robinson, Edward H. Kolhns, James B. Rollins, Ross,
Schcnek, Scofield, Scott, Shannon, Sloan, Smith, Spald-
ing, John B. Steele, William G. Steele, Stevens, Stiles,
Strouse, Stuart, Thayer, Thomas. Upson, Voorhees, Elihu
B. Washburne, William B. Washburn, Wlialey, Wheeler,
Chilton A. White, Joseph W. White, Williams, Wilder,
Wilson, Wmdoin, Fernando Wood, and Yeamaii—135.
NAYS—0.
So the bill was passed.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. GOOCH stated that he was paired off with
Mr. Sweat, but that being informed that Mr.
Sweat would have voted in the affirmative on this
bill, he would vote " ay."
Mr. HOLMAN stated that his colleagues,
Messrs. edgertonand Harrington, were neces-
sarily absent from the House. Both of them
would have voted " ay" on this bill.
Mr. STILES stated that his colleague, Mr.
Miller, was paired off with Mr.Tract. *
Mr.COX stated thathis colleague,Mr. Pendle-
ton, was paired off with Mr. Kasson. He pre-
sumed that both would have voted "ay" on this
bill.
Mr. RICE, of Maine, stated that his colleague,
Mr. Blaine, was detained from the House by
siokness. *
The vote was announced as above recorded.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 move to amend the title
by stiiking out the words " equalize and."
The amendment was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and found
truly enrolled bills of the following titles; when
the Speaker signed the same:
An act for the prevention and punishment of
frauds in relation to the names of vessels; and
An act to vacate and sell the present Indian
reservations in Utah Territory, and to settle the
Indians of said Territory in the Uinta valley.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL. .
Mr. STEVENS. 1 now reportfrom the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means the Senate amend-
ments to the naval appiopiiation bill.
The SPEAKER. Do the amendments involve
ajmropriations ?
Mr. STEVENS. They do.
The SPEAKER. They can then be consid-
ered in the House only by uuanimous consent.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 have no objection to con-
sidering them in the House under the rules that
prevail in Committee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. The amendments will be con-
sidered in the House with that understanding, if
there is no objection. The Chair hears no objec-
tion.
First amendment of the Senate: , ,
Page 1, strike out "For the construction and repair of
vessels of the Navy, $36,800,000," and insert: .
For repair and maintenance of vessels of the Navy, la-
bor, materials, and stores, $11,508,000, .
For the completion of sixieen-fast steam screwstoons-of--
war, $7,300,0(H).
For the purchase, construction, and 'repair of vessels,.
materials, and labor for the western waters, ^4,000,000. '
For the purchase and charter of vessels for navui and
blockading purposes, f3,000,000.
For extra labor, expenses of repairs, &c., on foreign .sta-
tions, $600,000.
The SPEAKER. The Committee of Way®
and Means recommend a concurrence in the
amendment, with an amendment, as follows:
Add to tlie end of the Senate amendment the following:
For the payment of the three months' bounty to seamen,
and ordinary seamen, under the jouit'resoiutloa of Febru-
ary 94,1864,.$500,000.
Mr. STEVENS. This Senate amendment is
only itemising the same amount which we had
in the bill in gross. We think it is an improve-
ment. The amendment recommended by the
committee is to provide for what we have already
by law agreed to—a bounty to the sailors; We
have a communication from the Department re-
questing that an appropriation be made, as none
■was made at the time the law was passed.
Mr. BROOKS. I would inquire of the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means if
that appropriation for sixteen fast screw steamers
is likely to be enough?
Mr. STEVENS. All those steamers are un-
der way under former contracts, and this appro*
priation is expected to complete them.
Mr. BROOKS. Does this appropriation ap-
ply to no new ones?
Mr. STEVENS. To none except those al-
ready provided for.
The amendment to the Senate amendment was
agreed to.
The Senate amendment as amended was agreed
to.
Second amendment:
Page 1, line thirteen, after the word "for" insert "the
completion of;" so that the clause will read, " for the
completion of armor-plated vessels," 8tc.
The SPEAKER. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a concurrence.
The amendment was agreed to*
Third amendment:
rage 3, line twenty-seven, after the word " houses" In-
sert uin the navy-yard."
The amendment was agreed to.
Fourth amendment:
Page 4, Jines twenty-one and twenty-two, strike ont
"five hundred" and insert "two hundred and fifty;" so
that the clause will read, "of vessels in the ffavy,
$1,350,000."
The SPEAKER. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a concurrence.
The amendment was agreed to.
Fifth amendment:
Page 7, line eighteen, after the word " quarters" Insert
" in the barracks.
The amendment was agreed to.
Sixth amendment:
Page 9, line four, strike out "moovlng" and Insert
" mooting."
The amendment was agreed to.
Seventh amendment:
Page 9, line six, after " warehouses," Insert "or."
The amendment was agreed to.
Eighth amendment:
Page 9, line thirteen, after the word " kinds" Strike out
" and tor the extension of the water-fiont by puicbase of
two lots adjoining tlie navy-yard at a price not exceeding
SI35 000, three iiundred and nineteen," and inseit in lieu
thereof the winds " one Hundred and eighty-four."
The SPEAKER. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a non-concurrence.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 move to amend the Sen-
ate amendment by striking out " one hundred and
eighty-four" and inserting "sixty." 1 ask that
certain information [ have in my hands may be
submitted to the House.
Mr. STEVENS. The Committee of Ways and
Means recommend non-concurrence in the amend-
ment of the Senate.
The SPEAKER. The amendment of the Sen-
ate is to strike out the appropriation.
Mr. STEVENS. The Senate struck out the
appropriation for the purchase of land for the
Chailestown navy-yard and the Committee of
