THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 16,
Thfi yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion to reconsider was then laid upon
the table.
Mr. FRANK. What will be the effect of the
resolution ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot say. It
was adopted by the House, and speaks for itself.
RAILROAD TO NEW YORK.
Mr.-FARNSWORTH submitted the following
resolution, and demanded the previous question:
Resolved, That a select committee of five members be
appointed by the Speaker of this House, to whom .shall be
referred ail petitions or other communications having ref-
erence to an increase of railway communications and facil-
ities between New York city and Washington, and whose
duty it shall be to consider and report upon that subject;
and that said committee shall have power to report by bill
or otherwise.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. BROOKS moved that the resolution be laid
upon the tabie.
On a division, there were—ayes 60, noes 57.
Mi. FARNSWORTH demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the ofiii mauve—yeas 91, nays 59; as follows:
YEAS—Me&srs. James C. Alien, William J. Allen, Alley,
AMts-oji, Ames, Augustus C. Raid win, Blame, I3ltss, iironk<*,
Broom all, James ri. liiowii, Chanlcr, Freeman Clarke,Clay,
Cox, Cresvvell, Henry Winter Davi«, Dawson, Deunison,
Eden, Edtferton,Ekh idge, Ennli-h, Finok,Gallon,Gooeh,
Gnd«T, Giisvvold, Hale, Hall, Hardin?, Harrington, Ocnja-
mm G. Harris, Charles M. Hams, Ilolman, Philip Johnson,
William Johnson. Julian, Kellev, Keruan, King, Knapp,
Law, Lazear, Le Blond, Long,M:uey,MeAllUtcr,'MeBnde,
McDowell, Melndoe, McKmnev, Middleton, VVilhatn 11.
MHIcr, Mooihead, luring It. Moiris, Morrison. Amos My-
er>, Leonaul .Mjei>, Noble, Odel), Charle-  O'Neill, John
O'Neill, Pendleton, Samuel J. Randall, William 1L Ran-
dall, Alexandci li. Uu -.John 11. Uice.tlolHiwm, Jame^
Kolhns, Sehenek, Scofield, Scott, Smith, Snntlieis, John B.
Steele, William G. rffele, Stile-?, ritroiNe, Stuart,Thayer,
Thomas, Tracy, Voorhees, Waul, Webster, Whalev,
Joseph W. White, Williams, Fernando Wood, and Yea-
jiian—91.
N AYS—Me*->rs. Anemia, Anderson, A-dilev, Bailey.John
D. Baldwin, Baxtei. Beaman, Jacob H. Blair, Blow," iloyd,
Hraudegee, WiliiamG Ihown, Cob!), I'ofhoth.Cole, Uem-
in^, Dixon, Drigg;, Dutnont, Eeklcv, Eliot, FariNworth,
j'Vnton, G.irlield, (iunnell, Higby, Hotehkiss, Amabel W'.
Flubbmd, John H. Hubbard, Hulbuid, Jenekes Fiancis W.
Ki:llog<:, Oilando Ivellogn, Loan. Long) ear, Marvin, Mc-
Clurii, Mori .11, Daniel Mum^ Nouon, Oith. Patterson,
I'ikc. i'onieiov, i'i;eo. Radioed. lvo-^s, Shannon, Sloan,
SpauhJuij*, Stcbbin-, Stevens, Van Vallcenbmgh, Ehiui B.
W.'u-hbiune, Wilimiu B Wa&hbuin, U"ild<-i, Wilson, Win-
dom, and Woodhini:re—oi).
So tilt; resolution wa? laid upon tho tabl.<.
And than, on motion of Mr. STliVENS, (at
twenty minutes past two o'clock, p. ra.,) tlio
House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, December 1G, 18G3.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sundkm.jind.
The Journal of yesteiday was tcad and approved.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. WADE presented two petitions of citizens
of the State of Michigan, praying for the passage
of a law emancipating all persons of African de-
scent held to involuntary service or labor in the
United States; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. U RIMES [ni'.scuted the memorial of George
W. Riggs, jr., president of the Washington Gas-
Li«lit Company, piaying for the repeal of that
portion of the act of Congress of July 1], 18G3,
which fixes the price of gns; which was rofeired
to the Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. HICKS pr< sented a petition of the inspect-
ors of customs fur the port of Ijaltnnore, praying
lor an increase oi their compensation; which was
u-tcuxd to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented the petition of Samuel L.
Limit, praying that lie may be allowed the differ-
ence between his account tendered for subsisting
soldiers in Baltimore, Mai yiand, and the imiounl
allowed In in by the War Department; which was
referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. POMEROY presented papers relating to
the naval services of Captain S. ii. Cissell, of the
United States jVavy; which were rtfurred to tiie
Committee on jN'aval Allans.
-\lr. MOIUliLL presented a memorial of citi-
zens of the United States, appnning of the abo-
lition of glavei y in the District of Columbia and
the Territories, the emancipation and confiscation
acts, the enrollment of slaves 111 the Aimy, and
the suspension of the habeas corpus; and praying
"that those measures may be vigorously enforced,
carried forward, and perfected," and that "col-
ored soldiers be placed on the same footing, as
to pay arid privileges, as the white soldiers," and
that none but officers in favor of these measures
be appointed to the command of the Army; which
was referred to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs and the Militia.
Mr. WILSON presented the memorial of Colo-
nels Samuel A. Duncan and J. W. Aines, and
fifty-nine other officers of the fourth and sixth
regiments United States colored troops, praying
for additional legislation relative to the bounty,
pay, and allowances of colored troops; which
was referred to the Committee 011 Military Af-
fairs and the Militia.
Mr. HENDRICKS presented the memorial of
Mary Ann Sands, legatee of Joseph Gideon,
praying for relief; which was referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. CHANDLER, presented a memorial of the
board of supervisors of Cass county, Michigan,
representing " that the provisions of the ' con-
script act,'so called, whereby persons liable to
do military duty are divided into two classes, the
first of which is to be exhausted before the second
shall be called out, as' also the $300 exemption
clause, are unjust," and praying that they be re-
pealed; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. SAULSBU11Y. I have been requested to
present the petition of Rev. John Plcasonton Du
Hamel, rector of St. Thomas's church, Newark,
Delaware, praying Congress to amend the act
for enrolling and calling our the national forces.
The petitioner declares the incompatibility of the
ministerial office with that of a soldier, and that
the requirement of such service of a minister
would be asking him to violate his ordination
vows. In moving the reference of this petition to
the Committee on Military Affairs and the Mili-
tia, which I now do, 1 wish to state, as my own
opinion, that a gentleman circumstanced like the
petitioner, who attends to the duties of his holy
office by preaching " peace 011 earth and good will
to men," ought to be exempted from tho liabili-
ties of that act. That class of preachers who do
not confine themselves to the discharge of such
duties, but conveit their churches into meetings
for other purposes, ought, in my judgment, to be
placed in the front rank of the Army and made to
fight until this war is over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The petition will
be referred to the Committee 011 Military Affairs
and the Militia.
i ik pouts from committees.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee 011 Printing, to whom was referred the mo-
tion to print the petition of Berendt A. Froiseth,
to ask to be discharged from the further consider-
ation of the same. The committee do not think
it is advisable to enter upon the practice of print-
ing memorials, and there seems to be no special
teason why this should form the first exception
to the rule.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affaiis and tho Militia, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 7) to ine rease the bounty for vol-
unteers and the pay of the Army, reported it wjth
amendments.
thanks to general grant.
Mr. WILSON. 1 amdireeted by the Commit-
tee 011 Military AfFriiis and the Alilitia, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (II. R. No. 1)
of thanks to Major General Ulysses S. Grant
and the officers and soldiers who have fought
under ins command dining this rebellion, and
providing that the President of the United Stales
shall cause a medal to be struck, to be presented
to Major General Giant in the name of the people
of the United States of America, to lepoit it back
unanimously to the Senate with the iecommend 
attnn that if pass; and if there be no objection, 1
asic that it be put on its now.
There being no objection, the Senate as in Com-
rnittee of the Whole pioceedul to consider the
joint resolution. It directs that the thanks of
Congress be presented to Mnjor General Ulysses
Grant, and through him to tho officer* and
soldiers who have fought under his command
during this rebellion, for their gallantry and good
conduct in the battles m which they have been
engaged; and requests the President of the United
Stales to cause a gold medal to be struck, with
suitable emblems, devices, and inscriptions, to be
presented to Major General Grant. When the
medal shall have been struck, the President is to
cause a copy of the joint resolution to beengrossed
on parchment,and totransmitit, together with the
medal, to Major General Grant, to be presented
to him in tli£ name of the people of the United
States of America. A sufficient sum of money
to carry this resolution into effect is appropriated
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to inquire
of the Military Committee whether they have made
any examination to ascertain what sum may be
necessary to carry the resolution into effect. It
is not usurtl to make an unlimited appropriation
in the way here proposed.
Mr. WILSON. The committee did not know
what sum it would be necessary to appiopriate;
and it was thought best by those interested in
passing this resolution, or those who took a deep
interest in it, to leave the matter to the discretion
of the autlioi ities. We do not know what the
cost will be; it will he but a very small sum, at
any rate; but it is difficult to tell precisely what
is fitting for them to do. It is a very small mat-
ter, and I think it had better be left to the dis-
cretion of the Department.
The jointresolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to a third reading,
read the third time, and passed.
amendment of the joint rules.
Mr. FOOT. 1 give notice that to-morrow or
on some future day 1 shall move to amend or
modify the first joint rule of the two Houses of
Congress, as follows:
Resolved by the Senate, (the House of Representatives
concurring,)*That the first joint rule of the two Houses be
amended to lead as follows :
When amendments! are made by either House to a bill,
joint resolution, or concmrent resolution from the other,
the course of pioeeedmg shall he as follows :
1. The Hou^e originating the bill3&c., may, in whole or
in part, a«iee to sticli amendments, ajnee to s>ucii amend-
ment's with amendment", or di-agiee to them.
2. The House making the amendments may, in like man-
ner, pioeeed to act upon these proceedings of the origin-
ating [louse.
3. Should this last action not be agreed to by the origin-
ating mid Uioieby pioduco u di-oyreiMnent between*
the two lioiws, either may irecde iiom it  disagreement,
th^ieby pacing the bill, k.<\. or may ui^i-t upon it and a&k
a ftee uonfeienue on thu point ni points of sueh disagree-
ment, appoint a committee of conference on U  part, and
send the hill, paper*, See., to the othci House.
4. The latter Ilou^e may also uiM-t upon its disagree-
ment, agree to tho conference, and appoint a committee on
its part.
o. Thp joint committee of conference may then procecd
fieely to conier upon the point or points ot disagreement
between the two House*, but s-hall not be at liberty to af-
teet any other part or parts ot the b,11, &e., alieady agreed
to by both Hou-es ; and shall pioniptly make repoit of the
result of mch conference to their re>pretive Houses, the
bill, papers, &c., being brought into the Huu=>e first piopos-
ing the eonlerenee,
6. Thjv latter IIou>e shall tirst act upon the report of the
committee. Its action upon the repoit >!>all then bes-ent,
with the bill, papers, &e., to tho otnei Uuu&e, which may
then also aet upon it.
7. Should the committees io<ppctively report a disagree-
ment between thenwive^, second committees may be ap-
pointed, who t-hall piocced m like manner a-> the first.
8. Should tho second committees agree to a common re-
port lot settling the disnmcement between the two [Joules,
it will be made to the respective !1 im,ji, upon which the
Houses will act a- stated in the sixth aitiele of this rule.
9. Should the second committees di-agtee, the fact will
be reported to the respective Hou-os- a* intho tiistm-tunce,
and tiie [louse a-kin<r tho second eonlerenee shall rii&t act
upon this second report.
JO. The teini ot confe'enee being then pas=cd. tins Ilon^e
may recede ftotn In divr.gieennmt, which willpa^ the bill,
See., or bv a sample resolution it may s-t.ite in i< a^ons and
adhere to its di>-a[rieemeiit, oi it may -unpiv adhere to its
di-a^ieement and send the bill, papers, kc., to the other
IIoiNe.
11. The other House may then proceed in the Fame tnan-
nei, and should Uin IIoiNe leeede irom its de-acieeinent,
the bill, Slc., will bepawed; but should tins House aUo
adheie, with a statement of its reasons or not, the bill, See.,
will then be lost.
1:3. Should a bill, &c«. be thus lo-1 oi defeated, Mich parts
Of the suue. rej hatha ct litciaiim, a< may have been agreed
tony both Uoiw^, and have not been affected byain dn-a-
gicement beuvcen the two lloa-e-;, may in uitliei Uou e be
immediately 'ntioduced as anew bill.  ie,. by any member
tlieivol.audshu!' tak< uteeedence ot all otheriiu.-ini^s, and
be acted upon m all its leadings and stages immediately and
without debate, and, if passed, shall ioithwHh be sent to
the other House iorcom-iirrer.ee. which Houseshall ui like
manner a  the fust immediately ptoceej tn act upon the said
