20S8:
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 3,
Ways and Means recommend a non-concurrence
in striking it out.
Mr. HOLM AN. I misapprehended the Senate
amendment. I understand now that the cffect will
be this: if the Senate amendment be rejected the
appropriation will stand at|135,000. I now move
that the House concur in the Senate amendment,
and I ask thatan affidavit which I send up may be
read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
I, Gustavus V. Hall, of Charlestown, in the county of
Middlesex, and Commonwealth of Massachusetts, on my
oath &ay, that late in February, A. D. 1864, 1 was present
at ail interview between Mr. Oakman,of Charlestown, and
' Mr, Hittinger, who sold him a wharf in said Charlestown,
called Brlntnall's wharf, wherein said Oakman.told Mr.
Hittinger that he paid a large price for the wharf, and that
he would sell it hack at any time within ayear, if the Gov-
ernraentdid not take it, as he cxpected, for$10,000 less than
he gave for it. GUSTAVUS V. HALL.
Boston, Jlpril 27, 1864.
Commonwealth of Massachusetts, Suffolk, ss:
Personally appeared Gustitvus V. Hall, above named, and
made oath that the foregoing affidavit, by bun signed, is
true. Before mej JOHN Q,. A. GRIFFIN,
Justice of the Peace jot all counties.
Mr. HOLMAN. I now ask that an affidavit
from the party making the sale of this property
to the present owners may be read.
The Clerk read,as follows:
1, Jacob Hittinger, of Belmont, in the county of Middle-
sex, and Commonwealth of Massachusetts on my oath,
say: that f sold the whatf known as Brintnall's wharf, at
said Charlestown, the third wharf situated westerly of the
original lineol the navy-yard ; that I sold said wharf in the
month of Dccemboi, A. D. 1S63, to Oakman & Ehhedge;
that I executed tin- deed thereof to them in the month of
February, A. D. J 864; that I icceivcd theiefor the .sum of
$55,000. Oakman & ftldredge had been lessees of ^aid
wharf under a lease which ha'd expired about six mouths
before said sale in December, and perhaps earliei; and they
were occupying at the time of the sale in December under
an agreement for an occupancy of one year after the ex-
pnauon of said first lease. Their occupancy, I think, was
to terminate, by the terms of our agreement, about May 1,
A. D. 1864. Oakman &. Eldredge olio rod to sell me all the
improvements they had put. upon the premises and deliver
them to me, including scales and ratlroad and all o^e, foi
$6,000; but f did not buy them for the loason that I thought
the property not wortli so'much. On the day the deeds were
pa-srd. Mi. Oakman lold me he would give me # 10,000 to
take the piopeity back It his proposed sale to the United
States laded, or vva« not consummated (or any icason.
Belote tin- sale, i had owned tins what! twelve oi fifteen
years; had done business upon it; and tor .some eighteen
years had done bnMtie>s on whaif piopeity in that imme-
diate neighborhood. I sold this because 1 thought Tgotaaood
price lor it, and I had no other icason for selling it. Holme
the sale I had hequcnt conversations with Oakman & Kl-
dr<idge about Milling it to them, and their objection to buy-
ing it was that the piice asked and finally paid was too
great, and that the wharf was not worth it. They also said
it was of le*s value than (JanwelTa wharl adjoining, which
they had bought of Messrs. Lawrence & Sawver.
JACOB II1TT1NGEU.
Boston, Jlptil 27, 1^51.
Commonwealth of Massachmetfs. Suffolk, ss:
Pet>ona!ly appeared, Jaeol) Untmgcr, above named,am!
made oath thattiic toregomg atlidavit i)y him signed true.
Befmu mo, ' JOHN U. A. GRIFFIN,
Juslicc of the Peaer for (til comities.
Mr. HOLMAN. I now ask the Clerk to read
an aiticle from the Chailestown Advertiser, of
April 30,1864, a leading Republican paper in that
city, presenting all the tacts as to the value of tins
propei ty.
The Cleik read, as follows:
" The affidavit-- o fa largo numbei of the moM; experienced
and competent men weie tumir-hed that the poitioti of the
wharves piopo; ed to be sold tor ,<135,000 would be dear at
£i>u,uou; that thnpoilion retained liom the iwowhaives
by t )akman & Kldiodg'i was w oi tli a-> much or moic than
that Ihey piopo^od tosell; so that they would keep at b'jwt
one hall ot"the value thev bought for £10i,0bU, and sell the
other half lor .<! .'^jOOll! Ti'i^ evidence came fiom oy\ ncis
ol wharf property in the «ame neii;hbmhond, irom mer-
chant^, from wharfingers, liom wharfbuiklei^, from gentle-
men who own and sell real estate, i t tact tiom the be-j, cit-
izens of the town, having knowledge oi practical ulFan-<.
But this was not all. The piools summoned by the mayoi
established that many thousand f«ct of uti«urpa--'ed wJiarf
ptopejt> could be constructed on the premi.-es ahcady
owned ,md mrirwod by the Government, as cheaply at least,
if not more cheaply, than that involved m the pioposed sale
could be lepaired tor and made tit tor Government use and
occupancy. Thw le^Uniouy came hum many f-tnacos, and
among other deponents concerning it were cm ram officers
in the navy-jaul, of high cliaracter for mtegniy and good
judgment and i-kill in their derailments of the public ser-
vice. Tin; afhdavits embracing these tactF, and alto >etuny
loitli the manner m which the sale to the United States of
wharl propei ty would affect the city of Charlestown, m
withdiaw in:,'Horn cornmutoe andfiom taxation pioptjm >o
 reatiy needed for both purposes, were by the mayor laid
hefoie the ^f-riate, that had yet to pa.^s upon the uppropna-
tioti 01$ lJo,000, wi  :ch had gone tlnough the House, wbcie-
ni it had been ad\ocated by Ma^aehn.-.ut-- membuis, and
opposed only bv Jit. Wasiichrnij, of Illinois."'
Mr, HOLMAN, The House appropiiatud
$135,000 for the purchase of this property. The
Senate struck out the appropriation. My motion '
is to concur in the Senate amendment. Now, it
appears from the affidavits I have read, and from
the editorial of a leading paper in Charlestown,
Massachusetts, that this property, last Decem-
ber, was sold by the then owner, to Oakman &
Eldredge for $55,000, there being improvements
on it worth $6,000, making the value of the prop-
erty $61,000; and that Oakman & Eldredge, to
whom the property was sold, proposed to sell it
back to the same party at a loss of |10,000, pro-
vided they failed to sell this property to the Gov-
ernment. And yet, for this property, it is now
proposed by the House to pay $135)000. I think
there can be no two opinions about this matter.
I thought the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.wash-
burne] was right when he assailed this measure
in the beginning. These affidavits, and this edi-
torial article, from the very locality where this
property exists, establish the fact beyond con-
troversy that here is an attempt to purchase for
the United States property which was bought
last fall for $55,000 at the price of $135,000. I
trust that there will not be one moment's hesita-
tion on the part of the House in concurring in the
Senate amendment, and defeat a scheme of specu-
lation gotten upby ingenious gentlemen somewhat
skilled in selling real estate to the Government.
Mr. STEVENS. This is a matter which is
very fiercely contested between the officers of the
Government of the United States and the citizens
of Charlestown,the mayorand others, who think
themselvesaffected by this purchase. All I shall do
will be to state briefly the facts as they have come
before the Committee of Ways and Means. Before
the original appropriation of $135,000 for'thc pur-
chase of this property was reported, the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means had the naval authority
before them, Admiral Smith and some others,
and they came to the conclusion that the property
is very necessary to the Government, and that
upon the best evidence they could get, although
the seller will make something from the sale, the
property is now fairly worth $135,000.
Mr. HOLMAN. The gentleman will allow me
to make a statement here. 1 have not seen these
amendments, for they have not been printed, and
I have only heard them read, and I at first sup-
posed that the Senate had increased the appropri-
tyion from $135,000 to $184,000, but I find that
there were two items embraced in this section
with an appropriation of $319,000, and that the
Senate struck out this appropriation of $135,000,
leaving the appropriation of $184,000. My mo-
tion, therefore, is that the House concur in the
amendment of the Senate, which strikes out this
nfipropnation entirely.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 was going to state that the
gentleman misunderstood the matter. The Sen-
ate have rejected the appropriation for the pftr-
chasc of this property, and have sent it back to
us for concurrence. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend non-concurrence.
As I said before, we had investigated this mat-
ter very thoroughly before; and although there is
a great contest between the property holders of
Charlestown and the various naval officeus who
have had charge of the navy-yard there, we came
to the conclusion that the property is absolutely
necessary for Government purposes, and that the
price is not high at the present rates of property
there, it is said that the owners of this prop-
erty will make a large speculation. They pur-
chased the property in two parcels; and for one
they paid $55,000 and for the other $49,000, mak-
ing $104,000 for the two. It appears from the
evidence that they have improved the property
tu the amount of about twenty-five thousand dol-
lars. That would bring up the aUiiul cost to tin
owners to nearly one hundred and thirty thousand
dollars. The Government now asks them to sell
the whole of the water-front, with the improve-
ments upon it, together with as far back as is ne-
cessary to square the navy-yard, and offers them
$135,000.
Mr. HOLMAN. The gentleman who sold the
property to the present owners who now propose
to sell it'to the Governmcntsavs that the improve-
ments put on the propei ty do not exceed in value
$G,000. lie himself was not willing to pay $G,00Q
for the improvements. He sold the property for
§55,000, and ${>,000 spent on improvements would
make sGi,0(K)
' Mr. STEVENS. Itis only a part of the prop-
erty that the gentleman refers to. The evidence
is that the whole improvements have cost £245,000.
But the Government does not want the whole
property. It needs only the water-front of two
hundred and eighty feet of the best water in Bos-
ton harbor, as is agreed by all parties, and which
is absolutely necessary, and they offer for it
$135,000, which willleaveaprofitof about twenty
ortwenty-five thousand dollars to those who pur-
chased this property on speculation. They offer
the whole property for $160,000, and this part of
it for $135,000. That may be, perhaps, too large
a profit for men who bought this property some
years ago; but it is not larger than other gentle-
men in the same neighborhood make in the rise
of property. The evidence is very conflicting on
the part of those interested in Charlestown. They
all concur in saying that it is too much for the
property. Officers of the Government, Admiral
Strmgham, Admiral Gregory, Rear .Admiral
Smith, and all others who have examined it,
think that the price is but a fair one, and that the
Government should not lose the opportunity to
purchase. Other evidence has been sent in by
disinterested gentlemen which convinces the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means that the price is not
exorbitant. It may be a fair, full price, but no
more than can be got from others, and no more
than the Government ought to pay. At this point
I ask to have a communication read.
The Clerk read a letter from the Secretary of
the Navy to the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, stating that he deemed it of the
utmost importance to the Government to possess
the water-front proposed to be purchased of Oak-
man & Eldredge, adjacent to the Boston navy-
yard, and recommending that the committee non-
concur with the Senate amendment striking that
item out of the Navy appropriation bill. The De-
partment considers the price not unreasonable,
and the present necessities of the service require
the purchase to be made.
Mr. STEVENS. Under these circumstances,
the Committee of Ways and Moans thought it
best to recommend non-concurrence, and to let
the matter go to a committee of conference, as
the property seems indispensable to the naval ser-
vice. I may add that all the-officers who have
been superintendents of the yard for years past
have concurred in urging upon us the purchase
of this property as being absolutely necessary for
the Government, and not at an unfair price. The
chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs and
other gentlemen have evidence on this subject
which, if there be time to lay it before the House,
will, I hope, at least induce us to send back the
proposition to a committee of conference.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I move to
amend by reducing the appropriation one dollar.
I will not detain the House longer than is neces-
sary to make a plain and simple statement of the
facts involved in this case, so far as I understand
them. 1 believe that a great deal of unnecessary
discussion has arisen on this subject, and that
this discussion has been of a nature to lead the
House to suppose that this is some scheme, or
that there is something wrong attaching in some
form or other to this purchase. Poi my own part,
1 have no idea that there is anything wrong in it.
It will be recollected that this proposition came
before the House from the Committee of Ways
and Means in the oi dinar y manner in which
other appropriations in the bill were reported. It
came on a recommendation from the Navy De-
puitment, by which the wants and necessities of
that Department arc communicated to Congress,
It has, therefore, the same authority and the
same origin as all other appropriations embodied
in thi4? bill.
While this subject was before the House on a
former occasion 1 stated that the necessities for
this purchase arose out of the vast increase of
the Navy since the breaking out of the rebellion.
We have not now as much navy-yard accommo-
dation as we had before the rebellion commenced,
while we have lost the naval stations at Norfolk
and Pensacola. On the other hand, the number
of naval vessels in the service has increased from
seventy-six to near six hundred. A large portion
of these additional vessels have been such (\s were
built not for naval purposes but for the nieican-
t'le marine; consequently they arc less able to bear
the wear and tear of naval service. They decay
