1082
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 11,
which were referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia, and ordered to be printed
Mr. BROWN presented a petition of citizens
of Daviess county, Missouri, praying that the
arming of disloyal men and returned rebels in their
midst may be hereafter prevented; which was re
ferred to the joint committee on the conduct of
the war.
He also presented a petition of citizens of High-
land, Madison county, Illinois, praying for the
repeal of the $300 commutation clause in the en-
rolment act, and that certain persons may be ex-
empted from the draft; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. HARLAN presented a memorial of the
Cbillicothc band of Shawnee Indians, praying for
the adoption of such measures as may be neces-
sary to restore their tribal rights, and for the res-
titution of certain money alleged by them to have
been fraudulently taken from them, and the col-
lection of moneys due the orphans and incompe-
tent Shawnees, and that an investigation be had
into the official conduct of Agent Abbott and his
interpreter Matthew King; which was referred to
the Committee 011 Indian Affairs.
Mr. HARRIS presented the petition of Henry
A. Brigham, military storekeeper and paymaster
in the ordnance department of the United States
Army, praying to be allowed for certain money
alleged to have been stolen from the counter of
the Assistant Treasurer of New York on the 8th
of November, 1862; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
He also presented the petition of Knauth, Na-
chod & Kuhnc, importers of dry goods, of New
York, praying for relief for the loss of a case of
gloves in bonded warehouse in that city, through
the alleged mistake of a Government clerk, and
forloss of goods alleged to have been stolen from
the appraisers' warehouse while in the custody of
Government officials; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
IMPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. FOOT, from the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds, to whom was recommit-
ted the bill (S. No. 43) relating to the otficc of
Commissioner of Public Buildings, reported it
without amendment.
Mr. WILSON, fiom the Committee 011 Mili-
tary Aflmrsand the Miiilia, to whom was leferred
ii bill (II. R. No. 19G) to uid in the protection 0!'
emigrants to the Temtoiii'.s, reported it without
amendment,
Mr. SAULSBURY, from the Committee on
Patents and the Patent Office, to whom were re-
ferred various nicmoiials and petitions praying
for the passage ot an act to amend an act to 'pro"
mote the progress of the useful arts, approved
March 3,1863, repot ted a bill (S.No. J 02) amend-
atory of an act to amend an act entitled "An act
to promote the progress of the useful arts," ap-
proved March 3,18(53; which was read, and passed
to a second reading.
IHUNTINC! OP LAWS.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Printing,
to whom was leferied a resolution dnecting the
committee to inquire into the expediency of cans- j
ing the laws as the same are passed from time to
time during the session of Congress to be printed
for the use of the Senate, have instructed me to
repott the following resolution and to ask for its
present consideration:
Rrsoh'ed. That the acts and joint resolution* passed «ince
Ilic commencement nl the piesout seen™, ami llio^e that
••hall hereafter be passed, bo printed separately !'<« tie: it-e
of the Senate.
Under this resolution only the. usual number
will he printed. The object is to print for the use
of the Senate the laws as they are passed, in order
that they may be placed upon our files. We are
frequently ignorant of the precise form 111 which
laws have passed, and desire to refer to them for
future legislation. The expense will be veiy
trifling.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, und agreed to.
PAY AND riJXSION OK CHAPLAINS. jl
Mr. WILSON. 1 am directed by the Com- ii
mittee 011 Military Affairs and the Milttu, to j!
whom was relet red a bill (li. It. No. 302,1 to ;!
amend section nine of the act approved July 17, Ji
1862, entitled "An act to define the pay and 1!
emoluments of certain officers of the Army, and
for other purposes," to report it back without
amendment, with a recommendation that it pass,
and I ask the unanimous consent of the Senate
to have it acted upon at the present time.
There being 110 objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill. It provides that from and after its pas-
sage chaplains in the regular and volunteer ser-
vice and in hospitals shall not suffer a diminution
or loss of pay or allowances when absent from
duty, with leave, on account of sickness or other
disability,or when held by the enemy as prisoners.
It also proposes to amend the act approved
July 14, lSGa, entitled " An act to grant pen-
sions," so as to include chaplains in the regular
and volunteer forces of the Army. The pension
to which a chaplain is to be entitled for a total
disability is to be twenty dollars per month, and
all the provisions of the act to which this section
is an amendment are to apply to and embrace the
widows, children, mothers, and sisters of chap-
lains of the land forces who have dted since the
4th of March, 18G1, or shall die o'f wounds or dis-
ease contracted 111 the service of theUnited States,
and while such chaplains are or shall be in the line
of their duty.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, oidered to a third leading, read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. FOSTER subsequently said: 1 move the
reconsideration of the vote by which the Senate
passed the bill (II. II. No. 302) toumend section
nine of the act approved July 17, 18G2, entitled
" An act to define the pay and emoluments of cer-
tain officers of the Army, and forotbcrpurposcs,"
which was taken up in the morning hour very
casually and passed. I have an amendment to
propose to it. I hope there will be no objection
to reconsidering the vote on the passage'of the
bill, and also on ordering it to a third reading, in
order that 1 may propose an amendment, to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is in-
formed that the hill has been sent to the House.
The Senator can make a motion direeiuig the Sec-
retary to transmit a message to the flouse of
Representatives requesting the return of the bill
from the House.
Mr. FOSTER. 1 make that motion.
The motion was ai;ieed to.
The VICE PILESIDENT. The motion to
reconsider will be enteied.
liILI,S INTRODUCED.
Mr. GRIMES naked, and by unanimous eon-
sent obtained, Inue to introduce a bill (S. No,
1G3) to nut hoi izp the Columbia I nstitution for the
Deaf and Dumb and the Ehud to confer degrees;
which w,is lead twice by its title, and leferied to !
the Committee 011 the Dial net of Columbia. !
Mr. HARLAN asked, and liy unanimous con- '
sent obtained, leave to introduce a hill (S. No. !
1G4) to revive mi net entitled "An net lor the relief i
of purchasers and locatois of swamp and over- j
flowed lands, and forothei puiposes,"approved i
March 2, 1855; which was read twice by Us title, !
referred to the Committee 011 Public Lands, and
ordei ed to be pi luted.
Mr. GRIMES asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtaiin d, leave to introduce a bill (S.No.
1G5) in relation to naval supplies; which was lead
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Naval AffaiiN, nod ordered to he printci).
Mr. BROWN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1G(>) authorizing the archives 111 the ollice of the
recorder of land titles in the State of Missouri to
be delivered to said State; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee oil the
Judiciary.
All. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S
No. 167) to incorporate an insurance company in
the city of Washington: which was road twice
by its title, leferred to the Committee oil the Dis-
trict of Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
CIIA1UES P. CURTIS, JR.
Mr. DIXON submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sontjand agreed to:
Rc^olvcl. (the IIou.^c of Ueprc-^itativ. conourt t!U,',)T!iat
IhcMopoit made 10 (.'nnirros januaty, Jw62, m the ca^e
o! riiartc^ 1\ (Jurtis, jr.,  s. t!n* UnitedvStatcrf, with tho ac-
compaii} nig pupois. fori cloned Luc k to die Cow tot'UJalms.
EXCHANGE OF PRISONERS.
Mr, HARLAN submitted the following reso-
lution; winch was considered bymianimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United State* be re-
quested to Inform the Senate under what lules and regu -
lation5! and on what tpims prUontMS of war aio being ex-
changed between the United States and the rebels.
AXTIIONY BURNS'S RESCUE.
Mr. DAVIS submitted the following resolu-
tion:
VVhercns in the htetoiy of the attempt to rescue Anthony
Burns, a fugitive flavo Horn the State of Virginia, from
the cu-tody of the United States ofiieeis in Boston in 1854,
it is ^presented and it is abo neutrally icpoited th-u T.
W. Tlig'4in«-on,now :i colonelofa Jogtmenl '>( nrjjto troops
in the service of the United States, led or was engaged in
an assault made by a body ot men with torce and arms
upon the coutt-boi^e in IJoston, where the said Anthouv
Biinw wa<5 licid in the custody of the law and ofiieeis of
the United States, with the intent and purpose of foieibly
lescnmg hmi fiom custody; and whereas u is iepie-
teiiti.'d and gowially vepoiti-d that a citizen of the United
States then Inning the eu.-todv of said Burns was killed
and murdeiod by said a-sm!;uit<: Theiefore,
J3e it resolved, That the Pk'sident of the Senate appoint
a committee of tfurc nnjrnh<'r< of the Senate to investi-
gate whether the said T. W. iligginson had any connec-
tion. and if any, wiwn. with the said attempt to icscun the
pnid Bunwj and witii the killing and murdering of anv per-
son having custody; and that :>aid committee'have
power to s>end for person* and papers.
Mr. SUMNER. Let it lie over.
The VICE PRESIDENT.
must lie over.
Mr. DAVIS,
If objected lo, it
1 ask that it be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The order to print
will be made, if thcie be no objection.
Mr. "WILSON, [object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the motion to print will go to the Com-
miiice on Printing,
Mr. DAVIS. 1 wish to ask one question:
whether the objection made to the printing of the
resolution will exclude it from being printed m
the Globe end other newspapers.
Mr. HALE and others. Oil, no.
Mr. DAVIS. Then I have nothing to say.
/I'he VICE PRESIDENT subsequently said:
The Chair was in error when it decided that it
required the unanimous consent of the Senate to
in mt the resolution submitted by the. Senator from
Kentucky. On a reference to the rule the Chair
finds that resolutions offered by .Senators do not
come within it. They are therefore to be pi nited
on motion. The Chair will put the question to
the Senate on his motion to print the resolution
submitted by him.
The motion was agreed to.
rnm'iN'G of a bill.
Mr. SUMNER. I hold in my hand the draft
of a bill of an important character to establish a
Bureau ol I1 reed men's Affairs, which is now pend-
ing before the committee on slavery and freed-
men, and 1 am requested by thatcommittee to ask
of the Senate permission to have it printed for the
use of the committee. As it is a measure of an
impoitant character, they desire to have copiua
of it before them.
Tho motion was agreed to.
BILLS BECOME JjAWfcj.
A message fiom the President of the United
States,by Mr.NicoLAY, his Secretary, announced
that, the Picsident had approved and signed on
tlie 11th inhtrtnt the following bills:
A bill (S. No. 30) to establish a unifmm sys-
tem of ambulances 111 the armies of the United
States; and
A hill (fc3. iW>. G9)_fo constitute Parkers'nurg, m
tile State oi West "V ugin ia, a port o f deli very.
MISSSAGH FROM TIIE HOUSE.
A message front the House of Representatives,
by Mr, MePnt-iibox, iis Cleik, announced that
the House of Repie&entatives had passed the fol-
lowing bills; in which it requested the concurrence
of the Senate:
A hill (No. 149) eo ncormng certain school hinds
in township forty-five north, range seven east,in
the State ot Missouri;
A bii( (No. 192) making appropiiations for the
legislative, f'XiTiiti ve, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the year ending 3l)ih June, 1S65;
and
A bill (No. 3'24) to repeal section two of an act
entitled "An act to icgulatc the foieign cnabtmn
