1864.
a question, then, between two protections, the
protection of the mechanics in what the Senator
calls this higher branch of mechanism, and the
protection of education at large. Now, sir, L am
tor tint which will be of advantage to the whole
country, to society, to the poor as well as the
rich, to all, and I believe that advantage will ensue
by every opportunity that you give, every en-
courugcment that you afford institutions of learn-
ing and science, if I could have my way I would
lavish unon them bounties; I would give them a
county for the importation of every instrument of
science or that could be used by one of these as-
sociations. I believe that the education of our
country would be advanced by stimulating such
importations rather than by discouraging them.
But there is no question now of stimulating them;
the proposition is to discourage them, because
when you impose this tax it will be practically a
discouragement. 1 hope it will not be imposed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 feci bound to say for
the committee that their view in regard to this
matter was a very simple one. The amount of
revenue from this source will not be large; but as
there was considerable complaint because of this
exception, and as we thought the manufacture of
instiuments of all kinds in our country, and es-
pecially in this department, should be encouraged,
and particularly as where we have encouraged them
they have attained a very great degree of excel-
lence, we thought it better to do away with the
exception. It is said that some of our best men
who have made improvements in philosophical
apparatus have contemplated going abroad to set
up establishments, for the reason that there is now
no protection to them, and, with the high rates of
labor in this country, they cannot compete with
foreign manufacturers. Under the circumstances
we though t it best to lay u duty of 20 per cent, on
these instruments imported for colleges and edu-
cational institutions. It is not a very large tax.
We thought it betteron the whole to submit them
to the general system. It is, however, for the
Senate to decide.
Mr. SUMNER, called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being1 taken, resulted
—yeas 38, nays 10; as follows:
YEAS—Anthoir., Brown, Chandler, Oiark,Col-
iamu, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Gtimcrf, Hate, Harri-s,
Hicks, Howe, Lane of Kansas, Sherman. Ten I>ek, Van
Winkle, and Wiiiry—18.
NAYri —Messrs.* Backalew, Dixon, Harlan, Johnson,
McDougay, Morgan, Puuicnn, Powell, Uam&ey. JlukJie,
Saul lmrj,Spraguf>, Sumner, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wil-
son—IC
ABSENT —Me*???. Carliio, Coime?s, Cowan, Davis.
DoohtUe. iifirdins. Henderson, IlcnJnck-*. Howard, Lane
of Indiana. MomU, Ne^nutli, Richardson, TuimbniL and
Wrigut—IS.
v?o the amendment was agreed to.
Mi*. FESSEXDEN. I suppose we may as well
go back now to section four.
The PRESIDING OFFICER,(Mr. Pomeuoy.)
The fourth and fifth sectionsof the bill wluch were
passed over yesterday at the suggestion of the
Senator from Veimont [Mr. FootJ will tiov; be
taken up.
The Secretary proceeded to read the fourth sec-
tion of the bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In the seventh line of the
section, after the woid ■' States," I move to insert
tile words " exclusive of the charges in such
ports," to make it conform to the law as it stands.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That modifi-
cation will be made, if there be no objection.
The first amendment of the Committee on Fi-
nance in the fourth section was in line eight to ;
stiike out •' 12'' and insert " 13;" so that it will i
lead: |
Slc. 4. ' it further enacted. Thru on and a ft or the '
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
day and jcar aiorc^rud, tnoro shall be levied, collected, and
p«ud on the importation of the cuticles hereinafter men-
uoned theiollowmgduties, that is to say : on all wool, un-
fii.imilactiiieu. and all luur of the aipaca, goat, and otner
iiki usum-il-', unmanufactured, the value whereof at the ia<.t
port 01 place from whence exported to the United Elates
j-lul! be J3 e.'iii-: or les* per pound, li cents pci pound.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 wish to call the attention
of the Senate to thisnmondment. The House of
Representatives have fixed the duty on all wool
valued at 12 cents or less at 3 cents per pound,
and so on. They adjusted the duty on manufac-
tuied articles to sun that scale, and it would be
unjnst for to disturb that arransemeet, espe-
cially by a reduction of the scale and therefoie a
lednction of the duty on woo!. Thisis an interest
in which my constituents will be very deeply
affected. The effect of this amendment asa mat-
ter ot^course would be to allow wool that was
Ciassmed as worth 13 cents per pound and over
l.w cents to come in at a duty of 3 cents per pound'
in other words, it reduces the duty on wool. I
am told thatthedutieson woolengoodshave been
care.uhy adjusted in the House of Representa-
tives with a View to meet the duty on wool. We
have in the Senate increased the duty on woolen
goods. Many articles of woolen goods, I believe
most of them, are increased by our amendments;
in some cases very considerably. 1 think, there-
fore, the duty on wool ought to be allowed to
stanu at least as favorably to the farmeras it was
in the House bill. _ I believe I heard all that was
said in the Committee on Finance in regard to
the proposed change from 12 to 13 cents, but I
know of no reason why the change should be
made, and therefore I hope the amendment will
not be adopted.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Wc have rather reduced
, than increased the duties on woolen goods.
| Mr. SHERMAN. I think not. Myimpres-
j sion is that the duties are increased. The Sen-
ator will perceive by reference to the 17th page
, of the bill that the duty is increased from 35 to
40percent. advalorem on"woolen cloths, woolen
shawls, and all manufactures of woo! of every
description made wholly or in part of wool, not
otherwise provided for." On the 18th page of
the bill the duty on "flannels, uncolored, valued
at 30 cents or less per square yard,"is raised
from 18 to 24 cents per pound, and also in two or
three other places Senators will perceive the duty
on woolen goods is increased in the Senate, and
therefore I see no occasion for the reduction of the
duty on wool.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The motion to insei t "13"
instead of "12" in the clause was made in -the
House of Representatives; but we know how
everything passes there, and it was hardly heard.
The mere object of changing1 "32" to "13" was
not to reduce the duty in point of fact; but simply
to make provision for what the wool importers
stated, that this bill would be very likely to in-
crease the rates of wool in foreign ports, so that
what now cost them 12 would cost them 13 cents;
It was not considered as affecting the rate fixed
by the biH materially one way or the other, even
by those who are interested in wool themselves.
I did not suppose it would, or I should not have
agreed to it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will suggest to the Sen-
, atnr that the amendment already adopted on his
| motion just now will probably make a slight
difference; I cannot tell exactly what.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It leaves the charges as
they were before.
Mr. SHERMAN. I know; but under (he bill as it
came from the Committee on Finance, especially
under the last section of the bill, the cost at the
port of importation would be added to the cost of
the articlc. That has been changed now, so that
the value of wool is fixed at the place of export-
ation, which would be in South America or some
; remote port. True, it may touch at several ports
! on its way home; but as we have amended the
] bill and imposed the duty on the basis of the
| importation, deducting from that value the costs
j and charges at the port of delivery, it seems to .
i me wcoughtnotnow to make another discrimina- !
j1 lion against the wool-giov/er.
• ! The amendment was rejected.
;! Mr. FESSENDEN. Now it will be accessary
i' to reject the succeeding amendment.
ji The next amendment was in section four, hue
'} nine, to strike out "12" and insert "13," so that
!j it will read: " Exceeding 13 cents and not cxeeed-
!' ing24 cents per pound, 6cents per pound."
'i The amendment was rejected.
ji The next amendment was in scction four, line
j  eleven, after the word "pounds" to insert the
|j words " and not exceeding 32 cr>nts*/' so that the
'j clause will read: "Exceeding 24 cents perpound,
|l and not exceeding 32 cents, 10 cents per pound,
j! and in addition thereto 10 per cent, ad valorem."
11 The amendment was agreed to.
;j Mr SHERMAN. The Senator from Ver-
|j mont [Mr. Collalier] has some statements to
:i make m regard to the amendment proposed in the
ihirty-scvcnth line of (Ins section which, if his
3035
views are adopted, might materially change my
vote on this amendment in the thirteenth l?tie on
which we are about to act; and 1 should like to
have.lum make his statement now. I am in favor
of this new grade of wool; but after the explana-
tion he has made to me, I doubt very much whether
I should vote for the amendment proposed in the
thirty-seventh line. I have no objection, there-
fore, to letting the vote go anyway on the pend-
ing amendment as to the new schedule of wool,
until we can act on the other proposition, but-I-
Should like to hear the statement of the Senator
from Vermont.
Mr. COLLAMER. Other gentlemen objectto
my making any remarks about it un til i t is reached.
■The portion of the section which I propose to
amend is the latter part, which has'not been read.
The next amendment of the committee was in
section four, line thirteen, after the words " advct-
/orem" to insert " exceeding 32 cents perpound,
12 cents per pound, and in addition thereto 10
per cent, ad valorem
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section four, lino
twenty-two, to strike out " 10"and insert" 12;"
so that it will read:
PiAvided, That any woo! of the sheep, or hair of the alpaca,
the goat, and other hke animals which shall be imported
in any other than the ordinary condition, as now and -here-
tofore practiced, or which shall be changed in its charac-
ter or condition for the purpose of evading the duty, or
which shall be reduced in value by the admixture of dirt
or any foreign substance, shall be subject to pay a duty of
12 cent'? per pound and 30 per cent, ad valorem, anything
m this act to the contrary notwithstanding.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section four, line
thirty-six, to stiike out the words " increased in
value by beingscoured or cleansed" and to insert
the words "imported scoured ;"and in line thirty-
eight to strike out the words " addition to" and
to insert the words "lieu of;" so that the proviso
will read: (
•/Intlprotutcdfurther, That wool which stall bo imported
scoured shall pay, in lieu of the duties herein provided,
double the amount of such duties.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have an objection to
that amendment. I do not wish to lake up time
uselessly, and therefore, if the gentleman from
Maine will not object to its rejection, I shall say
nothing about it.
Mr, President, last year, under the existing
law, the law of 1861, there were imported into
the United States in round numbers 71,000,000
pounds of wool. There were produced in this
country a little over 80,000,000 pounds. By that
law, all wool which cost not exceeding 18 cents
a pound paid 5percem. advalorem; and all above
18 cents up to 24 cents a pound paid 3 cents a
pound; and all exceeding 24 cents was 9 cents
a pound. Now, I say there were imported
71,000,000 pounds, and as that wool was enteied
at the custom-house to pay duties, it averaged
17 cents a pound, falling just one cent short of
the minimum price named in the law. They
were to pay 5 per cent, on all below 18 cents
a pound, and that caused the average of the
whole to be 17 cents a pound.
I have a statement of the number of pounds
which were introduced at the different rates of
duty. There were imported under 18 cents,
61,572,000 pounds; from 18 cents to 24 cents, over
7,000,000 pounds; above 24 cents, 1,114,000
pounds. So you pcrccive that of the whole
71,000,000 pounds 61,000,000 that came in was
m the 5 per cent.
M-r. HOWE. What was the appraised value ?
Mr. COLLAMER. There never was an ap-
praisement put upon it. They paid by the cost
at the place from which it was imported. Some
came in in this way: under our reciprocity treaty
with Canada wo had something over a million
pounds, almost two millions, in that way; but
the first point I am at is to show by these tables
the amount imported, and in the next place at
what rate it came in, and that m point of fact less
than half a million of dollars upon the whole
71,000,000 pounds of wool wasever realized into
the Treasury. There is no importation into this
country, and especially of articles produced in this
country, that bears any sort of resemblance to this.
But there is another material thing. The ra-
pacity of our woolen manufactories established
m this country amounts to about 120,000,000
