1864
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
more rapidly. They come sooner for repair, and
their places are required to be filled sooner than if
they had been built for the legitimate naval ser-
vice. The recommendation, therefore, was based
on the necessity for increased accommodation at
these yards, in order to enable the Department to
discharge the duty incumbent on it in consequence
of the rebellion. The necessity is certified to not
only by the Secretax-y of the Navy and the chief
of the Bureau of Yards and Docks, but also by
the civil engineer of the Charlestown navy-yard;
bythe commandantof that yard, Admiral String-
ham; by Admiral Gregory, who was formerly
commandantof that yaid; and by Commodore
Montgomery, who was recently in command of
it and who is now in command of the navy-yard
in this city. All these gentlemen unite in testi-
mony of the fact that the enlargement of this navy-
yard at Charlestown is a matter of absolute ne-
cessity, and that the Department will be crippled
in carrying on the work there unless the enlarge-
ment be made.
Now, sir, I understand that the objection is not
to the extension of the limits of this yard, so
much as that the price at which it is proposed to
purchase this property is exorbitantly large, I
am well aware that affidavits in large numbers
have been sent here to be presented in this dis-
cussion, for the purpose of showing that the price
at which it is proposed to purchase this property
is too large. On the other hand, I present the
, opinions of officers of the Navy, whose duty it
was to investigate this subject,upon whose shoul-
ders the responsibility rests of complicity in a
scheme for swindling the Government, as this
purchase has been designated in this House. And,
sir, the officers of the Navy, and the officers of
the Navy Department, so far as I know or have
heard, arc satisfied that the price which it is pro-
posed to pay for this property is not an unreason-
able or an unfair one. I will not detain the House
by any further remarks in this connection, for I
propose, in answer to the affidavits that have
been submitted to show-that the property is not
worth what it is proposed to pay for it, to ask
the attention of*the House to a few opposing affi-
davits upon that subject. ,
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I do not often
trouble .this House, and I hope I shall be permit-
ted to have two or three affidavits read.
Mr. HOLMAN. Upon a matter of so much
importance I hope there will be no objection to
our having a full debate upon it.
There being no objection, Mr. Rice was per-
mitted to proceed.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I only desire
to speak upon this subject so far as to put the
House in possession of the facts of the case. I
have no interest in the matter any further than
every other gentleman has who desires that the
interest of the Government shall be subserved and
that simple justice shall be done to the parties. 1
hold in my hand a letter from Commodore Mont-
gomery, the commandant of the Washington
navy-yard, lately the commandantof the Charles-
town navy-yard, which i send to the Clerk's desk
and ask to have read.
The Clerk read the letter, as follows:
Navy-Yard, Washington, ^j>rd 20.1SG1.
Sir: Perceiving that estimates for the puichasc of a
whaif cmbiauing two hundred and eighty feet of watei-
jiontadjoimng the navy-yaid at Boston have been stneken
from the naval appropriation bill in the Senate of the Uni-
ted States, I trust 50a will not consider me intuitive in
piesontmg to vou the expression ol my views of the im-
portance of tiie pioposed acquisition to the navy yaid so
recently under my command.
The want of additional water-front, with depth of water
sufficient to accommodate and float vessels of the laige^t
class, lias everheen a .source of great inconvenience. and,
since the commencement of the piescntwar, ot svrious
disadvantage to the public interest-:.
During my late seivice at the Boston yard,vessels ar-
riving tlieiefor lepairs were not uufrequently retained at !
their mooring in the sticam duiing the progress of ippair- j
mg, causing consideiable delay, and additional expen.-e in '
preparing them for seiviee. j
i veuly behove, sir, that the proposed purchase, if ef j
fected, will piove highly advantageous to the public inter-
ests, and, in vtv\v of tins desirable object, sincerely hope
the requisite appiopriation may yet be passed by both Houses
of Congress.
I am, sir, your obedient servant,
J. 13. MONTGOMERY,
Commodore.
I'uar Admiial Smith. Chief of Bureau of Yards
ami Do^k-i. N', i y Ilrp,n hnant, JVa^hin^ton.
Mr RICK, of M.i-jujunisotti:. I have here
ihe letter also of Commodore Stringham, the
commandantof the yard there, to the same pur-
port, and I will state in the same connection that
n a conversation with him, on meeting him cas-
ually on the street, he told me that he was au-
thorized to use the name of Commodore Gregory
to thesame purport. Now, sir, not to detain the
House too long with this matter, I will simply
ask to have read one other affidavit, that of Mr,
Addison Gage, a large ice dealer in the imme-
diate vicinity, who is widely known as a man of
the strictest integrity and honor. I ask the at-
tention of the House to it.
The Clerk read the affidavit,as follows:
Commonwealth of Massachusetts, Suffolk, ss :
In the matter of the sale of Caswell and BrintnalPs wharf
to the United States :
I, Addison Gage, on oath depose and say that I am now,
and for more than thirty yeais have been, m the ice busi-
ness ; my office is at 70 State street, Boston ; my chief
place of business in shipping ice is at Swett's wharf,
Charlestown, the next whaif, westerly, adjoining ftrint-
nall's. I am familiar with the two wharves fiist above
mentioned, having occupied the wharf between them and
the navy-yard some years before that was sold to the United
States, or owned by Oakman & Eldredge, and sincc then
the one I now occupy—111 the whole, on both wharves,
above thirty years—and I know well what advantages they
possess over wharves anywhere else m thishaibor. I have
not now, nor ever had, any interest in these wharves, or
either of them, nor any interest or concern, direct or indi-
rect, in the proposed sale. The late firm of winch I was
a member owned the wharf I now occupy. When that
firm was dissolved I conveycd my interest in this wharf to
my late paitners. Since then 1 have leased it at a rent of
$6,000 per year. The chief and altogether the most con-
siderable val ue of these wharves consists in the water-fi ont
It is by that their value in the markut i< determined. My
wharf has a front of oniyaBout one hundred and sixty feet,
and its value is §100,000. Considering the Neater-front of
these two wharves, Caswell's and BuntnalPs, that part of
them which Mi. Oakman proposes to sell to the United
States is worth at least $'135,000. I am certain that at that
price the United States do not pay one dollai above the fair
maiket price. Theic are, besides the^a, but live wharves
between the Charles liver bridge and the navy-yard. Every
one familiar with the business knows that'the respective
values of each of these depends on the watcr-iiont; and
$135,000 for that part of these two wharves Mr. Oakman
proposes to sell to the Government is ceitainly not above
the fair value of this pioperty as compared with the other
piopeity on the same line of watei-tront. I will add I have
had considerable experience in dredging, ft is very ex-
pensive, and wherever there is an eddy m the tide the "bet th
dredged will soon fill again. The tide, on the contrary,
sweeps by these wharves and keeps the berths open. My
opinion is, it would be cheaper and far better for the Gov-
ernment to buy the parts ot these wharves above mentioned
at the price mentioned than to undertake to dredge berths
in fnmt of the navy-yaid wall, as 1 am told has been talked
of. So fai as 1 am personally concerned, the selling of the
propeity to the Government would be to my disadvantage,
as my business must be carried on between the navy-yard
and Charlestown budge. And as I do not own any wharf,
at the end of my present lease theie would be less number
of whaives that I could rent; but I think it is for the inter-
est of the Government to purchase it.
ADDISON GAGE.
JJpnl 15, 1864.
Suffolk, ss:
"Subscribed and sworn to before me.
J. t\ IJEALY,
Justice of the Pcuce.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I now submit
other affidavits, and without detaining the House
with their reading, I will ask that they may be
published with these proceedings.
The affidavits are as follows:
Commonwealth of Massachusetts, Suffolk, ss:
1, Eia.^tus E. Cole, on oath, depose and say that T am a
vvh.uf and budge builder. 1 know quite welt all the
wharves at Chailestovvn, ami have known about the two
wharves which the Government talk of buying of Oakman
& Ehhedgc, for the la-st twenty-five years. What gives
these wharves value ts the deep water-fiout; and tor that
tltev aio \ery valuable; ami the value of all those whaives
is detetmined h> tin water-front they havo. A whaif with
anatrow water-front is wouh very little compared with one
ha vine abroad water-! rout though both have the same quan-
tity of land—1 should think not a (juaitei as much. I
think the actual cost ot buildmga piei whaif on deep watei
like thef-e whaives will be at lea-t two dollars pet squaie
foot at the pre>cnt tune. 1 ha\ e no into! est in the sale of
these whaives, or 111 the wharves themselves, in any way,
shape, or manner, but I think they would be of great
value to the Government.
EIIASTU3 E. COLE.
Jlpril 16, 1861-
Suffofk, ss.*
Subscnbed and sworn to beloro mc.
J. P. IlftALY,
Justice of the Pence,
I, Benjamin F. Field,of Bo&mn,oii oath depose and say:
I am a meiehaut; was for many years associated with the
late Mi. Fiedenc Tudoi,and had the ehicf management of
lin ice hu^uu's^ ,uui the whaif owned and u-ed by bun at
Chailcotown, uid winch i> uUU'e between the Clnuless
river bridge and the .navy-yard", and on the" same general
line with the wharves owned by Oakman &, Kkltedge.
These wharves I deem to be am One the best and moat Val-
uable in that side of the1 harbor. They are'on the'dQGj>tfs$
water, with a natural fio^V; wills accommodate vessels
the largest class at low tide; they are below all Bridges^
and they have railroad facilities sucli as no other, wharv§ 
have; yet their chief value is their water-front. ? ? sJiogM
say the value of these wharyes would be measured chiefly
by the water-front they have. . ' -
BENJAMIN F.FIE^P,
jifHm.imZ
Commonwealth of Massachusetts, Suffolk, ss: '
Subscribed and sworn to before me.
JAMES B. F; THOMAS,- ' .
Jusiide of the Peace.
Commonwealth of Massachusetts, Suffolk, $3:
T, James Lee, jr., on oath dcelarc and say: X reside in
Charlestown; am a merchant; my office is in Boston;
I have built and owned vessels, and am well acquainted
with wharf property In Boston and Charlestown; know
Oakman & Eldredge wharves near,the navy-yard; the
value of such depends on the water-front and the depth'of
water at low tide; and as theie is JiU/e.water-front in
Charlestown and but little in Boston as-well situated as
these wharves are, f cannot estimate the value of them at
less than four times the value per foot of street br upland
fyoperty.
As 1 understand the Government have been ln-treaty far
this property as an addition to the yard, I suppose they
must appreciate it as thus situated on deep water; and al-
though the purchase of it by the Government would be in
some small degree adverse to my interest as a tax-payer h*
Charlestown, yet, if the Government need it, as in my
judgment they do, as essential to the operations of the
yard, I should be ashamed to urge that as a reason why
they should not have it. So believing, I hope the Govern-
ment will conclude the purchase, and not be deterred from
it by persons styling themselves land speculators. I know
that Mcb&rs. Oakman & Eldredge have built up a large and •
I should think a profitable business on these wharves. My
wish is that Government may have all the land it needs far
its business. JAMES L-EE, Jr.
Jlpril 13,1864.
Suffolk, ss.:
Subscribed and sflroru to before me.
CALVIN P. HINDS,
Justice of the Peace.
Commonwealth of Massachusetts, Suffolfc, ss :
I, Bcnoni Bixby, of Boston, on oath depose and say r I
am and have for more than twenty'ycars been a wharf arid
bridge builder. I know both the Brintnall and Caswell
wharves in Charlestown, and have worked on both of them.
Theirgreat value is in the water-front. Wc considerthese
wharves on as good ft ont as any we have in Boston1 har-
bor,. In my judgment that part of them which Oakman
& Eldiedge pjoposc to sell to the United States is worth
£135*000. Tobuild a pile wharf like those, where thcyare
built on pile?, now would costal 75 per square foot. 1
put some piles under these wharves last autumn, each one
of which is worth now from twenty-three to twenty-four
dollars. I should think the buildings on the part proposed
to be sold were worth about nine thousand dollars at-prea-
cnt. I have no interest 111 these whaives or either, nor in
thfi sale of them in any way. BENONI BIXBY.
JllvrU 15,1864.
Suffolk, ss:
Subscribed and sworn to before mc.
GBOKGE S. DERBY,
Justire of the Peace.
Navy-Yard, Boston. Jlpril lb, 3604.
Sm: In compliance with your lequest to furnish you
with an estimate of the cost of budding a piie wharf at
thia yard, I have to say that one hundreU superficial feet
will require—
Three oak piles, 50 toot long, at thirty-five dollars, (two
vertical and one shore)  $105 00
Fifteen lineal feet white pine stringers, sixteen
inches square, (three hundred and twenty feet,
board measure,) at thirty dollars per thousand,. 9 60
One hundred superficial loet white pmo covering,
ten inches thick, one thousand feet, at thirty
dollars per thousand  30 00
Thiee hundred cubic feet flats mud, (eleven
yaids,) at $1 50 per cubic yard  16 50
Labor duvtng piles, cutting tenons, mortising and
ecdufing s-lringeis, laying stringers and planking,
fitting fchoungs and fendeis  5 50
Ironwork.,.-    1 75
^team engineer, coal, and incidental expenses... 5 00
Fifteen tseenails, (making, boiinjr, and dj ivmg,) at
ten eeuts       1 50
Total   .^171 83
This estimate is at the present prices of mareitals and
labor, and, a* you will see by the items, lather within, and
theie arc many contingencies and incidental expenses
which are not noticed.
Nothing ts included for paving or planking the wharf.
1 am satisfied that $1 80 per one hundred superficial feet
is as low a job ot this kind could be contracted for with
auy tesponsibic builder.
Youis, respectfully, JOS. E. BILLINGS,
Civil Engineer Boston JSaoy-Yurd.
Samuei. Oakman, Esq., Piesent.
No estimate for ditdging in above figures.
