38
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 16
gave previous notice a few days since, for refer-
ence only. ^
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the regular order
of business.
NATIONAL CANAL CONVENTION.
Mr. ARNOLD, from the Committee on Roads
and Canals, reported the following resolution;
which was referred, under the law, to the Joint
Committee on Printing:
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of this House
ten thousand copies of the memorial of the national eanai
convention communicated to this House by the President.
PRINTING OF TREASURY REPORT.
Mr. A. W. CLARK, from the Committee on
Printing,reported thefollowingresolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved;, That twenty-five hundred copies of the report
of the Secretary of the 'Treasury, with the accompanying
documents, twenty-five hundied copies of the repoitwith-
out the accompanying documents, two hundred and fifty
copies of the estimates of appropriations, and one hundred
and fifty copies of the receipts and expenditure?, be printed
for the use of the Treasury Depaitment.
Mr. A. W. CLARK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The call of committees having been completed,
The SPEAKER proceeded to call the Suites for
resolutions, commencing with the State of Illinois.
IRON-CLAD SHIPS.
Mr. NORTON submitted the following resolu-
tion,upon which he demanded the previous ques-
tion;
Whereas it seems probable that warfare on the ocean will
in great mei^uu- depend in the future on mmorcd voxels,
whoso form, sttuctnre, and armament must be determined
by experience in action; and the attacks on forts Darling
and McAllister, the combats between the Monitor and Mer-
rimack and the Woehawkon and Atlanta, and the fir«r great
naval batiie delivered by armored vessels in the liaihor of
Charleston, have at once iliustiated the American name
and furnished the only information from experience m bat-
tle respecting the powers of resistance and n"grcs*ion of
armort-d ves-sols. which exists to aid the deliberations of
Congress in directing turther conductions of such vesseN;
l ut tin; tf<*< retaiy of the Navy, while conveying the grati-
fying intelligence that during the " vigotous assault on Foit
Sumter" "but comparatively slight injury was sustained
l)y UiChC vessels," though " no &lnp^ cvei bcfoie hu^tain^d
such a concentrated fire," hn^ not communicated with his
lepoit [be official and detailed dispatches and repoits of the
otlicer*. in command of themmored vessels executing those
attacks., fiom which alone exact and reliable information
01 the ieal capacity ot those vessels for resistance,agres-
sion, speed, maneuvering, and keeping the sea, as shown
by experience, can be obtained, and without such inform-
ation Congress must grope in the dark in ordering or refus-
ing further construction of armored vessels: Therefore,
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be directed to
communicate to this House all official reports, dispatches,
ami papers in the Navy Department relating to tluw; ac-
tions; that is to say: the report of Captain Worden of the
combat between tlie Monilot and Merrimack; theieport of
Captain John Rodger* of the attack on Fort Datlmg, or the
action near Duuy's bluff on the James river; the repoits
of Captain Worden and Captain Drayton of the two at-
tacks on Fort McAllister on the Ogeehcc, with the dis-
patches of Rear Admiral On Pont transmitting them to the
Oepaitinent; the repoits of Rear Admiral I)u Font of the
attack of the 7th of April, J on the defenses of Charleston
hmbor, together with the reports of Cnptain Dmyton of the
Passaic, Commander Khind of the Keokuk, Commander
Downesof the Nahant, Captain John Rodgersof the \Vee-
hawken, Captain Woidcn of the .Montauk, Commander
Fairfax oi the Nantucket, Commander fJeoige W. Rogers
of the Catskill, Commodore Turner of the New Iionsides,
and Commander Ammeri of the Patajisco, touching their
several vc&sute during that attack; and also the reports of
any investigations, after the action, into the condition of
any of the armored voxels engaged in it, or lespocting the
repairs found to be necessary on any of those vessels after
the action, made by those officers or any of them, or any
official statement !c>pecting those vessels in connection
with the said action, or respecting expenments to test the
value of rafU for the reinoy.U ot obstructions, made by
those oflieers or any of them, or by Engineers Loverin",
Itobie, or Stimers ; and also the teport of the action be-
tween the Weehawken and Atlanta, by Captain John
Koogers, together with the dispatches of Rear Admual Du
Pont transmitting it; and all other official correspondence
with any of these officers m the Navy Department respect-
ing or relating to those actions; <ibo, the icoort of the sink-
ing of the Weekawken within the bar ofl'Chaileton.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr RICE, of Massachusetts. Is it in order
to move the reference of that resolution to the
Committee on Naval Affairs?
The SPEAKER, Not at this time, the pre-
vious question having been seconded.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I call for tellers
on the resolution.
Tollers were ordered; and Messrs. Davis, of
Maryland, and Cox, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers'reported—
ayes 42, noes 55.
So the resolution was rejected.
Mr. COX. I move that the resolution be re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The SPEAKER. The resolution is not before
the House.
Mr. NORTON. I move to reconsider the vote
just taken, for the purpose of having the resolution
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The motion to reconsider prevailed; and the
resolution was then referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
HABEAS COBPUS.
Mr. LOAN introduced a joint resolution ex-
planatory of the first section of an act entitled
"An act relating to habeas corpus." It recites that
doubts have arisen as to the true intent and mean-
ing of an act entitled "An act relating to habeas
corpus, and regulating judicial proceedings in cer-
tain cases," approved March 3, 1863; and it re-
solves that the suspension of the writ of habeas
corpus, as provided for in the first section of said
act, does not apply to any case arising in conse-
quence of any action on the part of a State gov-
ernment to compel the citizens of such State to
render military services for the State under the
laws thereof, notwithstanding the commanding
officer of such State militia may also be the com-
manding officer, under Federal authority, of the
Federal forces within such State.
The joint resolution was read a first and second
time, and referred tp the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
MISSOURI CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. BLOW presented the memorial of James
Lindsay, contesting the right of James G.Scott to
represent the third election district of Missouri;
which whs referred to the Committee of Elections.
DEPARTMENT Of MISSOURI.
Mr. McCLUKG introduceda bill to provide for
the deficiency in the appropriation for the pay of
officers and men actually employed in the Western
department, or depmtment of Missouri; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney, its
Secretary, informed the House that the Senate
had unanimously concurred in the joint resolution
of thanks to Major General Grantand his army;
and had non-concurred in the concurrent resolution
providing that when the House adjourns on Fri-
day next, it be to meet on the 6 th of January, 1864.
OBJECT OF THE WAR.
Mr. ROLLINS, of Missouri, offered the follow-
ing resolution, and moved the previous question
on its adoption:
Resolved by the House of Representatives of the Congress
of the United States, That, piompted by a just patriotism,
wc are in iavor of an earnest and successful prosecution of
llie war, and that we will give a wann and hearty support
to all those measures which will bo must effective in
speedily overcoming the rebellion, and in seeuringa resto-
utiori ol peace, and which may not substantially infringe
the Constitution and tend to subvert the tine theory and
ehaiaeter ot the Government; arul we hereby reiterate that
the present deplorable civil war lias been forced upon the
country by the dtsunionists now iu revolt against the con-
stitutional Government; that in the progress of this war
Congress, banishing all feeling of mere passion or resent-
ment. will lecollect only its duty to the whole country; that
this wans not waged on ourpait in any spirit of oppression,
nor lor any purpose of conquest oi subjugation,nornmnosp
ot overthrowing or interfering with the tights orestahlished
institutions of those States, but to defend and maintain the
supremacy of the Constitution, and to preserve the Union
with all the dignity, equality, andriglits of the several States
unimpaired; that as soon as these objects are accomplished
tiie war ought to cease.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I propose
to debate that resolution.
The SPEAKER. Then it will lie over, under
the rule.
Mr. ROLLINS, of Missouri, I have moved
the previous question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the pre-
vious question be. not seconded, will not the res-
olutiop, go over for debate'
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. LOYEJOY. Is it in order to move its
reference?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. ROLLINS, of Missouri. I held the floor,
and expressly moved the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not hear the
gentleman move the previous question.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded tellers on seconding
the previous question.
Tellers were ordered;and Messrs. Holman and
Grinnell were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported 
ayes 64, noes 80.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move that the resolution
be laid upon the table.
Mr. HOLMAN. On' that I call for the yeas
and nays.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The House
having refused to second the demand for the pre-
vious question, the resolution has gone over till
to-morrow, and is not now before the House.
The SPEAKER. The point of order is not
well taken, because if nogentleman rose to debate
the resolution the House would go on and vote
upon it. The object of the previous question is
to cut off the right to debate.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rose to
debate it.
The SPEAKER Not at the proper time.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I think the resolution ought
to go to the table as being a secession document,
but I withdraw the motion.
Mr. WADSWQRTH. I renew the motion to
lay the resolution on the table, and I call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 52, nays 114; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Andeison, Ashley,
Baxter, Reaman, Ulow, Uoutwell, ISoyd,Brandegee, Broom-
all, Cole, Thomas T. Davis, Dixon, Donnelly. Drigg*, Du-
mont, iiekiev, Eliot, Garfield, Gooch, GHiniell, Hooper,
Hotchkiss, Hulburd, Julian, Kelloy, Fiancis W. Kellogs;,
Loan, Longvear, Lovejoy, MeClurg, Mclndoc, Moorliead,
Amos Myers, Leonard Myers, Norton, Cliailes O'Neill,
Ortll, Perham, Pomeroy, Pi ice, Schenck, Sloan, Spauklmg,'
Stevens, Upson, Van Valkenbuigtl. William li. Washburn,
Wbaley, and Wilder—52.
NAYS—Messrs. James C. Allen, William J. Allen, An-
coiin, Bally, Augustus C. Baldwin, John D. Baldwin,
Blame, Jacob B. Blair, Bliss, Brooks, James S. Brown,
Chanler, Ambrose W. Clark, Clav, Cobb, Coffioth, Cox,
Cravens, Cresweil, Henry Winter Davis, Dawes, Dawson,
Deming, Dennison, Eden, Edgerton, Eldridse, English,
Farnsworth, Fenton, Pinck, Frank, (Jamon, Glider. Giis-
wold,IIale, Hall, Harding, Harrington, Benjamin G, Harris,
Charles M. Harris, Heiriek, Higby, Holman, Asaliel W.
Hubbard, Hutching, Philip Johnson, William Johnson,
Kasson, Orlando Kellogg, Kernan, King, ICnapp, Law, La-
zear,Le Blond, Long, Mallory, Marcy.Marvin,McAllister,
McBride, McDowcll, McKinncv, Middloton, (Samuel P.
Miller, William H. Miller, Morrill, Daniel Morris, James
It. Morris, Morrison, Nelson, Noble, Odell, John O'Neill,
Patterson, Pendleton, Perry, Pike, Radford, Samuel J. Ran-
dall, William H. Randall, Alexander H. Rice, Robinson,
Rogers, Eihvaid H. Rollins, James S. Itollins, Ross, bco-
field, Scott, Shannon, Smith, Smitliers, Stebbuis, John IS.
Steele. William G. Steele, Stiles, Strouse, Stuart. Sweat,
Thayer, Tracy, Voorhees, Wadsworth, Waul, Elihu li.
W ashburne, Webster, Wheeler, Chilton A. White, Joseph
W. White, Wilson, Wmfleld, Fernando Wood, Wood-
bridge, and Yeaman—114.
So the House refused to lay the resolution on
the tabic.
Messrs, Brown, of West Virginia, and Wil-
liams, nothaving been within the bar when their
names were called, severally asked leave to vote.
Objection was made.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the resolution
be referred to a select committee.
Mr. WASHBURNE, oflliinois. I propose to
debate the resolution.
The SPEAKER. It goes over, then, under the
rules.
Mr. COX. I demand the yeas and nays on the
reference of the resolution.
The SPEAKER. That will be in order when
it is called up.
Mr. COX. When will that be?
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot tell.
ADJOURNMENT OVER THE HOLIDAYS.
Mr. DRIGGS submitted the following resolu-
tion, and demanded the previous questions
Resolved,(the Senate concurring,) ThatwhonthisHouse
adjourns on Monday, the 21st infant, it shall be until
Tuesday, the 5th day of January, 1864.
Mr. MORRILL. I suggest that it should be
from " Wednesday of next week, the 23d ofDe-
cember, to the 5th of January, 1864."
Mr. DRIGGS. I accept that as a modification
