1&64.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3037
per cent, is not too high a duty, and has not been
so considered in ordinary times, on goods of this
description. It is no more than a fair protective
duty. I submit that reducing it from 55 cents to
50 cents, when the duty at 50 cents wili really be
a protection of only about 21 per cent., is not
proper.
Mr. SEIERMAN. There is an error in the
Senator's calculation. In the first place, the wool
that enters into this carpet is a cheaper grade of
wool, and therefore pays a duty of but 3 cents
per pound. We are informed that scarce any of
the higher grade of wool is put into this carpet-
ing. It is the cheaper wool costing less than 12
cents in the dirty condition in which it comes to
this country that goes into this kind of carpet.
Another fact was stated to us, that in this kind
of carpet there are but about seven or eight or
twelve ounces'of wool—I have forgotten the pre-
cise number; the great body of it is made up of
linen warp. If I do not use the technical terms,
the Senator will know what I mean. A very
small portion of the material of this kind of car-
peting being wool, there is on the linen warp a
discrimination in favor of our manufacturers am-
ply sufficient.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We have changed that
duty and increased it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Still the discrimination is
large, and this is the reason why it was deemed
proper to lower the rate of duty on Brussels and
tapestry carpeting in order to conform to the cor-
responding duties on other articles. I remember
very well the statements made, both in writing
and in person, by very intelligent importers and
persons dealing in this business, and they made
the impression in our minds that 50 cents per
square yard was at least as high a rate of duty
on this kind of carpeting as upon the others in
proportion to the value of the carpeting and the
amount of wool consumed in its manufacture.
Mr. FOSTER. The rate of 55 cents per square
yard on this kind of carpeting is no higher than
a duty of 80 cents per square yard on the class
of carpeting named in the immediately preceding
clause of this same section. There the duty
amounts—I can give the items which will show
it, but it is unnecessary—to 20 per cent., and here
55 cents per square yard on this kind of carpeting
amounts to but the smallest fraction more. Fifty-
five cents come nearer than 50 cents to making
the rate of duty on this kind of carpeting pre-
cisely the same as on the class of carpeting men-
tioned m the immediately preceding clause in the
same section; and so it is of the next clause in
regard to treble ingrain and three-ply carpeting,
&c. If you let this carpeting stand at 55 cents,
it will be equal and no more than equal to the
other classes of carpeting in the same section. If
you put it at 50 cents it will be less.
I have given here a statement of the items which
I derived from a manufacturer in whom I have
the highest confidence, and I am persuaded that
his statements entirely correct. The wool used,
which he says pays a duty of 6 cents per pound,
I am sure is wool which pays that duty. The
35 percent, on a pound and a half of linen yarn
which is worth 27 cents, I am persuaded is the
kind of yarn that goes into the manufacture; and
so of the duty on the dye-stuffs, and the 5 per
cent, excise tax on $2 a yard, the average price
of the material. I think I can speak with cer-
tainty when I say that the figures which I give
hero are correct, and that if this duty remains at
55 cents a square yard, it will be a protective duty
of only 21 per cent.
Mr. DIXON. The Senator from Ohio is in-
correct, and my colleague is entirely correct, I
think, in the statement with regard to the duty
paid on the wool used in this kind of carpeting.
The duty on wool exceeding 12 cents and not ex-
ceeding 24 cents a pound in value, as it now stands,
is 0 cents per pound. That is the kind of wool
winch is used in this carpeting, and not the spe-
cies of wool which is of a priceless than 12 cents
rnd which pays a duty of 3 cents per pound. It
is within my knowledge, from information re-
ceived from those in whom I have entire confi-
dence, that the kind of wool used is that which
pays a duty of 6 cents a pound.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have now the precise com-
putation of the ad valorem duty proposed by this
section of the bill. Fifty-five cents on the tapestry
carpeting amounts to 83 per cent, of the actual
cost of the imported carpet. I find that on an-
other class of carpeting the duty is 72* percent.,
on another class 70 per cent., on another class 66
per cent.; and on another 60 per cent. The pur-
pose of the committee was by reducing this rate
to 50 cents to bring it down to pretty much the
same ad valorem duty that is imposed on other
carpeting, it reduces the ad valorem duty to 73
per cent., a protection higher than the ad valorem
duty on any other kind of carpeting. This state-
ment, I am told, was made up from actual im-
portations, and the gentleman vouches for its ac-
curacy. The cost in gold and paper money and
the percentage is given, I have no doubt, accu-
rately.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The committee had con-
siderable discussion about this matter, and were
somewhat in doubt in regard to it, hut upon the
whole came to the conclusion that 50 cents a yard
was enough protection on carpeting of this de-
scription. Of course the committee will be satis-
fied with what the Senate do in regard to it. As
we are looking for revenue it is not desirable to
put on any more duty than it is absolutely neces-
sary to put on for purposes of protection, because
we do not want to exclude anything just at pres-
ent, whatever we may find it proper to do here-
after. I think we had better reduce this duty
from 55 to 50 cents, and leave the matter for fur-
ther consultation with the other House.
Mr. JOHNSON. It wilt make a wonderful
difference to the consumer, because the domestic
manufacturers will be sure to carry their price up
to within a small fraction of that of the imported
article. I have supposed that the object of this bill
was rather to raise levenue than to give protection.
The protection in point of fact is given already
from various causes. A time like this, when
each individual citizen is suffering from the ad-
ditional cost of everything, would seem to be, in
my judgment, a very bad time to increase the du-
ties upon foreign importations, when the effect
can only be either to exclude the articles alto-
gether or to add very much to the cost of the ar-
ticles consumed. I do not suppose that at any
period of the Government the manufacturers of
the United States have been more flourishing than
at present under the existing tariff. If the 55
cents proposed by the other House will not ex-
clude this article, then it is certain that the price of
the domestic article will go up to nearly the same
with that of the foreign article, and we who buy
carpets will have to pay for thorn. There is not
a family in the United States that are not anx-
ious to have the best kind of carpeting they can
get; they may not want much, but they want
someofit, particularly in the parlor. Th<jy have
to pay now, because of the difference in our cur-
rency, very much more than they ever had to
pay before; and if you impose a very heavy duty
on the foreign article they will have to pay much
more hereafter than they are paying now. Just
in proportion as you make it difficult for them to
meet their own current expenses you take from
them the means of meeting conveniently, if able
to meet at all, the calls which the Government
has made and will he obliged to make upon them
in the future. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 22, nays 14;"as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Blown,Duckulew, Cathie, Claik, Doo-
little, Fessenden, Foot, Harris, llrmlnrk*, flicks, llow-
aui, Ilowe, Johnson, Lane of Kansas. Morgan, Powell,
Kiddle, Snulsbury, Sherman, Trumbull, Van Winkle, and
Willcv—22.
NAY£—Messrs. Anthony, Dixon, Foster, Grimes. Half1,
Hailan, Lane of Indiana, Pomeroy. liam-jcj, Hpiague,
Bumnfi, Ten Eyck, Wilkinson, ami WiNon—M.
ABSENT -Mcsbr?. Chandler, CoMamer, Connos*. row-
an, Davis, Harding, Hendetson, McUoucraH, Moral!, Nes-
mith, Richardson, VVade,and Wright—13.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line twenty, of sec-
tion five,I move to strikeout "8"and insert
so as to make the clause read: <( On hemp or jute
carpeting, 6^ cents per square yard."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on Pi-
nance was in line thirty-four, of section five, to
strike out 35" and insert " 40," so as to make
the clause read:
On woolen cloths, woolen shawls, and all manufactures
of wool of eveiy de ciiption, made wholly or in part ot
wool, not otherwise piovided for, 24 cents per pound, and
In addition theieto 40 per cent, ad valorem,
Mr. SUMNER. There is a discrepancy be-
tween this proiisrioW ctrfd A pfovision in a later
page. I will call attention £o th&t first.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is proposed to strike
out the provision on page 20.
Mr. SUMNER. That was what I was about
to call attention to. Now, I come to the matter
or substance, the question as to the tax ad valo-
lem:< if c?mmiu.ee propose to substitute " 40"
for 35. ; I take it their object was ih order to
countervail the excise tax which is imposed on
the manufacturer.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That and other additional
expenses.
Mr. SUMNER. But Especially that. So far
as I understand the question, that is one special
element which has been recently introduced into
the cost of the article. Now, unless I am misin-
formed, the object of the committee will n6t be
completely accomplished by putting this at 40 per
cent, ad valorem; they must go still higher, to 45
per cent. I have here a letter from very excellent
authority, certainly as good as could be quoted,
that makes some explanation of the operation of
the different taxes. It comes from a gentleman
whose statements and reasoning are entitled to
consideration.
Mr. POWELL. Will the Senator tell us who
hc'is ?
Mr. SUMNER. As-it is a private letter, I
prefer not to give the name of the writer. It is
from a gentleman entirely familiar with the sub-
ject and of incorruptible integrity and character.
Mr. POWELL. If the statements of the letter
arc to be authority, I should like to know who
the writer is.
Mr. SUMNER. After setting forth the details
and snowing that the amount of tax he will pay
on one yard of goods will be 365 cents, he pro-
ceeds:
'•Now the importer of manufactured goods will pay duty
on similar fabrics at a valuation not exceeding $1 ptn yatd,
and in many cases at a less valuation. But taking thy lar-
gest valuation and we iiave the following:
A specific duty of 24 cents per pound, on fourteen ounces,
the weight of the goods, 531 cents.  ui
JiA valorem duty of 35 per cent, on $1, the value of the
same         ,, 35
Making the total amount of duty....    53
" Deducting fiom the amount of duty paid by the importer
of manufactured goods (f>6 cents) the amount paid by tho
manufacturer as duty on his wool and excise tax when
manufactured, {36£ cents,) and it will show the actual pro-
tection which 1 receive from the tariff", namely, 19}- cent*
on a yard. From tins should be deducted the excess of
the cost of importing the wool over the eost of importing
the same when manufactured into cloth, say Scent-?, winch
leaves a protection ol only 16£ cents per yaid. This is equal
to an ad valorem duty ot 16£ cents with wool free and no
excise tax.
Is not this a less protection than we have ever had ? I
think it is, while thcie is paid a higher rate fur labor than
was over known in this country before. Will not the x>-
sult of such legislation be the increase of importations, and
tne stopping of our own machinery until American wool
falls to a price at which we can compete with loicign man-
fac lures ?
k; I notice that the specific duty on manufactured goods
just covers the duty on wool, but not the excise tax. To
cover both, thp specific duty will have to be raited to 30
cents per pound, or the ad valor em duty to 45 per cent.; and
unless tins is done the wool-raiser will not be benefited by
the proposed changes."
This writer, it will be perceived, goes on the idea
that the specific duty is intended as a balance to
the cxcise tax, and m order to make that balanco
effective he says it must be raised-to 45per cent.
ad valorem.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have tho
Senator from Massachusetts tell us about how
much percentage that manufacturer made this
year on his manufacture.
Mr. SUMNER. I have no means of knowing.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have not the slightest
doubt that he has made 50 per cent. I am in-
formed that there is not a woolen manufacturer in
the country who does business on a large scale
that has not made under the existing duties from
20 to 50 per cent, profit, and in some cases more.
The iron manufacturers have made more. The
writer admits in his letter, as I understand, that
the increased duty is at least correspondent to the
amount of the increased taxation, so that he still
has the benefit of the old protection.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Senator's pardon.
He says "the specific duty on manufactured
goods just covers the duty on wool, but not the
excise tax. **
Mr. ANTHONY. I ask tfee Senator from I
