40
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 17,
POST ROUTE IN UTAH, ETC.
Mr. McBRlDE offered the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered,and agreed to:
, Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads he directed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a post route from Fort Ridgway, Utah Terri-
tory, by way 01 Bannock City, Idaho Territory, from Au-
burn to Dalies City, in the State of Oregon, and providing
for the conveyance of mails along the same by daily ser-
vice in four-horse coachcs, and to report to this House
thereon.
TROOPS IN UTAH.
Mr. KINNEY offered the following resolution:
Whereas the Government is involved in a toirible strug-
gle for its existence, forced upon our great and hitherto
uupiecedentedly prosperous nation, without cause or just-
ification, hy men in armed rebellion against the iuo?t en-
lightened and liberal Government in the world ; and whereas
the Government is in need of the services of ail the soldiers
that have been jaiscd since the breaking out of the rebel-
lion; and whereas a number of companies of California
volunteers are now stationed at Camp Douglas within the
city limits of Gieat Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, far re-
moved troni usetuiness and the scenes of war: Therefore,
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the causes winch have led to the
stationing of a laige standing army among a peacctul and
loyal people.
The question being on the udoption of the res-
olution—
Mr. KINNEY said: I desire to say a word in
explanation of the resolution.
The SPEAKER. Debute is not in order.
Mr. KINNEY called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The resolution whs not adopted.
Mr. HOLM AN. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was rejected.
The.motion was not agreed to.
UNIVERSITY OV "WASHINGTON TERRITORY.
Mr. COLE, of Washington, introduced a bill
to*endow a military professorship m the Univer-
sity of Washington Territory; which was read a
first and second time, and inferred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
AGRICULTURAL COLLEGES.
Mr. COLE, of Washington, introduced a hill
to amend an act entitled "An act donating public
lands to the several States and Territories which
muy provide colleges for the benefit of agriculture
and the mechanic arts," approved July 2, 18G2;
which was lead a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
SALARIES OK TERRITORIAL JUDGES.
Mr. BENNET offered the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agi«ed to:
Jte$oh>t'<i,ThaUh<! Committee on Teri itoi ic* be instructed
to consider the justice, necessity, and propriety of equal-
ising the sahiues of the United States judges in the Terri-
tories of Colorado, New Me.uco, and Idaho, and to repot t
by bill or othci vvwe.
ENROLLMENT OF SAILORS.
Mr. SPAULDING, by unanimous consent,
introduced a hill explanatory of the act entitled
" An act for the enrolling and calling out the na-
tional forces, mid for other purposes," approved
March 3, 3863.
The bill directs that the twelfth section of the
act recited shall ho construed to mean sailors as
well as soldiers.
The bill was icnd a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
BUSINESS IN ORDER.
The call of States and Territories for resolu-
tions being completed, the Speaker announced
that the business next m order was the consider-
ation of a resolution offered by Mr. Deming on
Monday last, in relation to the Congressional
Dictionary, laid over under the iule.
BUREAU 01? MILITARY JUSTICE.
Mr. i-SCHENCKL asked leave to intioduce a bill j
to create a Bui can of Mihtaiy Justiec.
Mr. HOLMAN objected.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
the rules ite suspended, and that the House re-
solve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union on the Piesideut's annual
message.
Mr. COX. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
ten minutes past two o'clock p. m.) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, December 17, 1863.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Hon. Jacob M. Howard, from the State of
Michigan, appeared in his seat to-day.
IMPUTATION ON A SENATOR.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I rise to a privi-
leged question. I send to the Chair a newspaper
with a paragraph marked, which 1 wish the Sec-
retary to read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
" A Cask of Bribery.—A prominent New England S6n-
alor is compromised bv evidence going to show that he re-
ceived §3,000 lor his influence in getting a person out ot the
Old Capitol prison, who hail been eonfincd there on acharge
o! defrauding the Government, and for lendenng to the same
person other services of a similar nature. The affair has
created the utmost ai-lonu-Iiment among those who have
heard of it. The dillieulty of putting a stop to public plun-
dering is greatly enhanced by the high influences which can
so often be retained for a small percentage of the ill-gotten
gams to screen the culprits from justice after their fraudu-
lent practices have been discovered."
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, information re-
ceived from another quarter, from my colleague
who has very kindly called upon me, has left no
doubt upon my own mind that I am the individ-
ual alluded to in that paragraph. The crime charged
is one of a very high character, and I must throw
myself upon the indulgence of the Senate for a
few minutes to state the facts, and all the facts lhat
I know, and then I shall leave the matter with the
Senate. I shall offer a resolution on the subject
when 1 have concluded.
During the last summer I was called upon profes-
sionally to aid in the defense of two individuals
who were confined in what was called the Old
,Capitol prison on charges of fraud practiced upon
the War Department, or some portion of it. The
first was the case of Dr. Bliss, the superintendent
of the Armory Square hospital. He was a gen-
tleman with whom I was well acquainted,and to
whom I felt under obligations. 1 came on imme-
diately to Washington, and found how the situa-
tion of things was. He was confined a prisoner
in his own house. I called on the Secretary of
War, and stated to him that I thought he was do-
ing Dr. Bliss injustice, and that he ought to be
liberated, at least so far as to be allowed to go
about the city. That liberty was given to him,
and arrangements were made for his trial, which
took place some three or four weeks afterwards,
I do not remember particulaily how long. I was
here at his trial, and stated to the court that 1 was
present as the fi lend and counsel of Dr. Bliss to
render him what aid I could in (he tual which was
being had. The nial resulted in his honorable
acquitted, and in the lecoinmendationof the couit
that he be restored to the place from whence he
was aibitr;ui!y lemoved.
Immediately after that I started for my home.
I think 1 had been in thiscttysome three weeks.
The fact that I had been in Washington attend-
ing to this case, and defending Dr. Bliss, was
known in my own neighborhood and to my
friends. As 1 went through Boston, I met a friend
of mine, with whom 1 was intimately acquainted,
and who knew the result of the trial which 1 had
been attending; and he said to me that there was
another prisoner in the Old Capitol prison, charged
in the same manner, and that his friends were very
desirous that I should undeitake his defense.
There were very large sut.is depending upon the
acquittal or conviction of this prisoner, for the
reason that he had been theagentof a large num-
ber of steamboats, and the pay that was due to
the owneis of the steamboats was withheld on
account of his alleged fraudulent transactions.
They were therefore exceedingly anxious that he
should have a tual, because they said that when
a trial was had it would result in his acquittal.
They offered me, as an inducement to come back
to Washington and undeitake his defense, the
sum of ^*2,U0U as a ictainer. I told the gentlemen
that it was a laige transaction, and I had some
doubt about the propriety and delicacy of my un-
dertaking the duty. I told them, however, that
1 would postpone that question, and take time to
dehbei.ue and consult with some ii lends on whose
judgment I could rely.
The thing wa.3 diopped there. I went home
arid stated the ca*se to a number of my fnendx,
and among otheis to a couple of counselors of
the bar of Stafford county, with whom I had been
on intimate terms for a great many years. lex-
plained the case to them, and told them they would
do me a favor if they would examine t lie law and
the legislation of Congress on the subject, and
then inform me whether or not it would be proper
and right for me to undertake this defense. After
waiting a week or two, they furnished me with,
answers in writing—I think they were both in*
writing—and although neither of them knew that
the other was consulted, they gave me substan-
tially the same answer, with this exception: one
of them stated that he thought it was not only
my right, but my duty to undertake it.
With this advice I went to Boston, saw the
gentleman who had made the application to me,
and told him I was ready to undertake the case.
He paid and secured to me the amount stipulated,
and I came to Washington. While 1 was on my
way to Washington, and after I got here, it oc-
curred to me that it might be an indelicate busi-
ness. I knew the exceeding jealousy of the pub-
lic mind against a member of Congress receiving
pay for anything. It occuired to me, however,
that there was a gentleman with whom 1 was ac-
quainted, who had a very high social position and
a high professional position, and amemberof the
bar; and I thought 1 would go and see him before
1 entered into it, stating to him the whole case,
and asking his opinion upon it. That gentleman
was Hon. Reverdy Johnson, of Maryland.
I called at Mr. Johnson's house and told him
I wanted to consult him upon a personal matter,
and I stated this case to him very much as I have
stated it here. I told him that there was a pris-
oner in the Old Capitol prison on a charge of fraud-
ulent practices upon the War Department, that
I had been applied to to defend him, and that be-
fore entering upon it 1 came to him, as a friend
who was competent to advise and who was con-
versant with what was proper, to ask him if there
was any objection to my taking up the case, if
there was any indelicacy in my doing so growing
out of the fact that 1 held the office of Senator of
the United States. Mi. Johnson looked at me
as if he thought I was rather green to ask such a
question, and replied with great promptness and
great enjphasis, "not the least objection under
heaven." " Well," said I, " Mr. Johnson, that
accords with my own opinion of what the law is
and the right is; but in a matter of this kind, I
want to ask still further, is there anything indeli-
cate in such an engagement r" " Not the slightest
in the world," said he. He then went on to give
at some length (not very long) his views of what
the rights of counsel were; that they had been
limited by Congress in one paiticular which he
thought an unwise restriction, and that was, re-
straining members of Congress fiom appealing
before the Court of Claims; " but," said he, "as
to this matter you aie asking me about, 1 am doing
it every week;" I do not know that he did not
say every day in the week.
Being thus relieved, and feeling, on the author-
ity that 1 acted upon, that there could no longer
be a question in regard to that subject, I went to
the Secretary of War, called his attention to the
case, and asked him what the man was accused
of, for it was not yet known. He told mo that
he hud furnished charges against the individual
to Mr. Brady of New Yuik, who had been re-
tained as counsel . I told him that all that Mr.
Hunt wanted (for that was thegentleman's name)
was a fair trial tyida speedy u ial. The Secretary
said that was what he intended to give him, and
he should have it. I asked hnn how long it was
likely to be before he would have a trial. He
was not able to say. He stated that he had a
number of courts-martial silting, and his tune
was taken up with them, but he mentioned, I
think, that there was one particular court be-
foie whom a man by the name of Belger \va?
being tiied,and when that tual was concluded
he would take up Mr. Hunt's case. From this
eonveiRation, and from the fact that that trial
was then on,and, I supposed, would soon be fin-
ished, I concluded the time would be from one to
three weeks before this trial would come on. 1
| then said to Mr. Stanton, " I want to make nn-
I other suggestion to you: do you think that the
j purposes of justice require that this man should
; l>e kept in close jail up to the day he is to be pul
! mi trial? Would not the purposes of justice b".
I uiiowered equally as well by giving lam a parol?:
