1804.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3039
would pay 40 per cent. What is the reason for
the reduction? May not this reduction be made
a cover for ihe introduction of the materials out
of which these things are made at a cheaper rate
than they otherwise would be? I have my doubts
aH to whether this clause should be adopted.
Mr. FESSENDEN. These are small articles,
which come in competition with nothing at all,
and we want to get some duty on them. They
are brought in here in order to let them stand as
they did before. They are made for this special
purpose.
Mr. SUMNEIt. The Senator will understand
me: the point is, that this clause may be used as
a cover for the introduction of these materials.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not at all. It cannot
cover anything of the sort. They are cut into
patterns, made in a particular way.
Mr. SUMNER. I am told by those familiar
with the subject they may be.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not at all.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section five, line
one hundred and ten, after the words " oil-cloth"
to insert the words "except silk oil-cloths;" so
that it will read:
On oil-cloths for floors, stamped, painted, or printed,
valued at GO cents or less per square yard, 30 percent, ad ra-
tal em; valued at over 5'J cents per square yard, and on all
other oil-elotn, except silk oil-eiotll, 40 per cent, ad valorem.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think the duty ou^ht
to be slightly increased on cordage. I therefore
move, in section seven, line twenty-three, to strike
out "2^" and to insert " 3;" and in line twenty-
five to strike out " j" and insert " so that it
will read: " On tarred cables orcordage, 3 cents ;
per pound; on untairedManillacordage, 2j cents
p^r pound."
The amendment wag agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We desire and think it
necessary to finish this bill to-night, and I rise
for the purpose of suggesting that fact to the
Senate, and'taking the sense of the Senate upon
whether we will take a recess until some hour
this evennie, or go on with the bill now until we
get through with it.
Mr. JOHNSON and Mr. SUMNER. Letus !
go on. I
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am perfectly content if
it is understood that we are to^ go on and finish
the bill to-night.
Several StivATOiis. Oh, no; let us take a re-
cess.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think that seems to be
the voice of the town meeting, and therefore I
will make a motion that at twenty-five minutes
before five o'clock we take a recess until seven
o'clock.
Mr. JOHNSON. Why not take it now ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is precisely the time
no w.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
RO-f.) The Chair understands the motion to be
that the Senate take a recess from five minutes
before five o'clock till seven o'clock.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir; that was not the
motion. I said twenty-five minutes to five. How-
ever, I will chnn^o my motion, and move that the
Senate now take a recess until seven o'clock.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate ac-
cordingly took a recess until seven o'clock.
EVENING SESSION. j
The Senate reassembled at seven o'clock p. m.
EXECUTIVE C051JIUXICATI0?>S.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of War, com-
mur.iivung, in compliance with a resolution of
•lie Senate of the 23d of May, a report of the
Quartermaster General, exhibiting the amount
I stimatcd for the current year to be paid for trans-
r.ovtirt^ Government supplies from the Platte
country railroad to Fort Leavenworth, and thence,
ua Fort Kearney and Fort Ridgcly, westwardiy;
winch was read, and ordered to lie on the table.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore also laid be-
foi- the Senate a report of the Secretary of the
Senate, communicating, in obedience to law, a de-
tailed statement of the payments from the con-
nngent fund of the Senate for the year ending
IW-.-nil.'cr 6, 16GG; widen v;t>s mid asui ordered
to lie on the table, and a motion of Mr. Dixon
that the report be printed was referred to the
Committee on Printing.
PETITIONS.
Mr. FOOT presented six petitions of citizens
of Vermont, praying for the passage of the bill
(H. R. No. 276) to secure to persons in the mil-
itary or naval service of the United States home-
steads on confiscated or forfeited estates in insur-
rectionary districts; which were referred to the
Committee oh Public Lands.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Lloyd, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House had disagreed to the report of the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 199) malt-
ing appropriations for the legislative, executive,
and judicial expenses of the Government for the
year ending 30th June, 1865; and had receded
from its disagreement to the amendments of the
Senate numbered eight, twelve, nineteen, twenty-
one, twenty-two, twenty-three, twenty-four, forty
and eighty-eight, and agreed to the same; that it
had receded from its amendment to the ninety-
fifth amendment of the Senate, and agreed to the
ninety-fifth amendment with another amendment;
and it had modified its amendment to the ninety-
sixth amendment of the Senate; that the House
further insisted npon its disagreement to the ninth
and ninety-fourth amendments of the Senate, and
upon its amendments to the twenty-fifth, thirty-
fourth, and ninetieth amendments of the Senate
to the bill; and asked a further conference on the
disagreeing votes of the twoHouses thereon, and
had appointed Mr. G. ii. Pendleton of Ohio,
Mr. William "Wisdom of Minnesota, and Mr.
Orlando Kellogg of New York, managers at
the same on its part.
The message further announced that the House
had agreed to the amendments of the Senate to
the bill of the House (No. 227) granting lands to
the State of Michigan for the construction of cer-
tain wagon roads for military and postal purposes.
The message also announced that the House
had agreed to some and disagreed to other amend-
ments of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 405) to
piovide internal revenue to support the Govern-
ment, to pay interest on the public debt, and for
other purposes; and agreed to other amendments
of the Senate with amendments; that it insisted
upon its disagreements and amendments, asked
a conference on the disagreeing yotes of the two
Houses thereon, and had appointed Mr. J. S.
Morrill of Vermont, Mr. G. H. Pendletox
of Ohio, and Mr. S. Hooper of Massachusetts,
managers at the same on its part.
The message also announced that the House of
Representatives had passed the following joint
i resolutions; ill which it requested the concin lunce
of the Senate:
A joint resolution (No. 80) for the adjustment
of the claim of James and O. P. Cobb & Co., of
Indiana; and
A joint resolution (No. 94) for the relief ot
Peter Wheeler.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the IIouseaof Representatives had signed the
following enrolled bills and joint resolution,
which wore thereupon signed by the President
pro tempore: ,
A bill (H. R. No. 227) granting lands to the
State of Michigan for the construction of'cei'tain
wafon roads for military and postal purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 290) for the relief ofRhoda
Wolcott, widow of Henry Wolcott;
A bill (H. ft. No. 356) requiring proof of pay-
ment of duties on foreign salt befoic the payment
of the allowances provided forby thcactsof July
29, 1813, and March 3, 1810; ,
A bill (H. R. No. 521) to amend an act entitled
"An act to provide for the settlement of claims of
Peruvian citizens under the convention betwee^
] the United States and Peru of January 12, IBM,
approved Juue 1, 1864; and
i A. joint resolution (H. R. No. 4/)for tne r h
of Rev. W. B. Matchett.
j nOt'SE BILLS REFERRED.
I The following joint resolutions from the House
I of Representatives w^re *4veraiiy lend twice by
their titles, and referred to the Committee on
Claims: : '
A joint resolution (No. 80) for the adjustment
of the claim of James O. P. Cobb & Co.* of
Indiana; and
A joint resolution (No. 94) for the relief of
Peter Wheeler.
INTERNAL &EVX3NUE.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill (H.R. No. 405) to provide internal
revenue to support the Government, to pay in-
terest on the public "debt, and for other purposes,
disagreed to by the House of Representatives, and
the amendments of the House to other amend-
ments of the Senate to the said bill; and,
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, it was
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon Its amendments
to fhe said bill disagreed to by tho House of Representa-
tives, disagree to tne amendments of the House to other
amendments ot the Senate thereto^ and agree to tho eon-
feience asked by the House on the disagreeing votes of the
two House thereon.
Ordered, That the conferees on tbf part of the Senate
be appointed by the President pro tempore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Messrs. Pessknden-, Howe, and Van Winkle.
LEGISLATIVE APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate proceeded to consider the message
of the House of Representatives announcing its
action on the bill (H.'R. No. 192) making ap-
propriations for the legislative, executive, and ju-
dicial expenses of the Government for the year
ending the 30th June, 1865.
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, it was
Resolved, That tho Senate farther insietiipon its amend-
ments to the h.ud bill disagreed to by the House of Repre-
sentatives., and upon its disagreement to the amendments
of the Hou^e to other amendments of the Senate thereto,
and that it agree to the further conference as-ked by thu
House on the disagreeing votes thereon.
Ordered, That the contorenccs on the part of the Senate
be appointed by the President pro tempore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Messrs. Sherman, CotvANj and Davis.
A. T. SPENCER AND GUKDON S. HUBBAHD.
Mr. DIXON. I ask the consent of the Senate
to take up the bill (S. No. 136) for the relief of
A. T. Spencer and Gurdon S. Hubbard. It is a
bill merely giving the Postmaster General the light
to settle with them on equitable principles. It
will take only a moment to consider it-.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was read
a second time,and considered as in Committee' of
the "Whole. It instructs the Postmaster General
to audit and adjust the account of A. T. Spencer
and Guidon S. Hubbard for carrying the United
States mail from Chicago, Illinois, to Mackinac,
Sault Ste. Marie, Marquette, Copper Harbor,
Eagle Harbor, Eagle River, and Ontonagon, Mich-
igan; LaPointe and Superior, Wisconsin; during
the years from 1854 to 1859, inclusive, and allow
therefor such amount as to him shall appear just
and equitable,not exceeding the amount allowed
for the same service to the party who afterwards
performed the same under contract.
Mr. GRIMES. I call for the reading of tho
report. .
The Secretary read the, following report made
by Mr. Dixon from the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads on the 29th of February last.
The Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads, to whim
was rofcrieit the petition of A. T. Spencer and G. 3. Hub-
bard, of Chicago, Illinois, praying compensation for ser-
vices performed in cairyingtiie mails on tHeir line
ere between Chicago and the ports on Lake Superior, have
had tiie same under consideration, and beg leave to repoi t.
The incmoiialisti represent that tiiey transport™, at the
  . ....... < <• < ••>*« nf thr> Prist Offict* Dc-
tween
i i<nke
SupcaoCftom K'year Tod-t to 1&9. inclusive, during the
ccason of navigation, tor which they have not lifcn com-
pensated, and thev now pray that Congress will allow them
atl equitable remuneration lor tne said service.
Thev further rep esent that this service was performed
in contemplation ot an allowance to be made to fhem equal
to that awarded by the Government tor service oii
character, and the distinct assurance of the agents ot the
Post Office Dcpattmcnt was given them that the> wou.dbt
« "fthe efficient and
faithful character of the service rendered by l^ meinorial-
wm is mo« dear and satisfactory, and toat it was unutr
taken and performed at the request of tile government of-
coSuee^lS^lSat thc steamers b.longtng
to the line owned by the memorialists afforded the most
expeditious and reliable means for transporting the mail*
bcfweeti the city ot Chicago and the several ports on Lake
^"'committee, In theirreport submitted to the Senate
