8040
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
•June 17.
on. the 127th of Fpbraary, i860, were unanimous in the
opinion that the memorialists should receive full and ade-
quate compensation for the aforesaid services.
The proof of the performance of the service is fully sub-
stantiated by the testimony of Captains J. E. Turner,John
Wilson, and B. G. Sloat, confirmed by the affidavits of
the postmasters at Chicago, Milwaukee, Mackinac,Eagle
Itiver, Marquette, Ontonagon, and La Pointe,
From all tlie voluminous evidence, and the statements
and explicit affidavits of reliable persons, the committee
are confident that the petitioners are entitled to relief, and
they report a bill for that purpose, and recommend its pas-
Mge.
_ Mr. GRIMES. I should like to ask one ques-
tion of the Senator from Connecticut. Was thi%
service performed upon j mail route that had been
established by the Government?
Mr. DIXON. I think itwas; but I cannot be
confident. It is now. Whether it was at that
time I cannot say. I do not recollect how that was.
Mr. GRIMES. If it was not, then we are
placed in this attitude 
Mr. DIXON. I think it was', from the fact
that there were postmasters and officials on the
route who requested this to be done.
Mr. GRIMES. That does not follow atoll,
because they are postmasters; for example, in
the towns along the Mississippi river and on por-
tions of that river there are no mail routes; and
are we going to settle the principle that a post-
master at one of the principal towns on the Mis-
sissippi river, if the Government does not choose
to establish a route up and down the river, shall
have permission to charter steamboats and for
four years in succession put us to the expense of
maintaining a mail route along on that line >
Mr. TRUMBULL. I knew something about
this case formerly. It passed the Senate during
the last Congress and went to the House of Rep-
resentatives, but I believe was not acted on there.
The Government has paid for just such services
as this. My impression is that there was no
established mail route; I know there was no con-
tract; because if there had been an established
mail loute the Postmaster General could have
made a contract. It was during the summer
season when the boats ran up to the Lake Su-
perior country and they carried the mails. They
carried them under the authority of the Post Of-
fice Department. This bill is not establishing
any new principle. We have allowed the Post-
master General to pay precisely such claims, and
this bill itself passed the Senate during the last
Congress. My impression is that there was no
established route there; there certainly was no
contract; and that is the reason why it has not
been paid by the Post Office Department; but
there was no mode of supplying those settlements
up there with the mails except by these boats
which ran up, I do not know how often, once
or twice a week. I do not remember the facts
connected with it now; but I know we passed
this identical bill at a former session.
Mr. DIXON. The Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads have acted on this subject sev-
eral times for the last four years, ever since 1860,
when it was first presented, and always unani-
mously, as long ago as when the Senator from
Illinois was a member of the committee. There
can be no doubt about the equity of the case.
The man ought to have something; how much is
for the Postmaster General to decide. We do
riot decide that question.
Mr. GRIMES. I am aware that there has
been a precedent for this since I have been in
Congress. There was a bill passed in behalf of
a man by the name of Edwards, I think, in Mich-
igan, the only precedent to be found for it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This bill has passed the
Senate before.
Mr. GRIMES. Neither that bill nor this ever
passed with my consent. I do not recognize the i
propriety of a postmaster establishing for him- '
self a mail route wherever he chooses; and this
was not to supply—for it could not have been to
supply—any irregularities on the part of the mail,
or any non-performance on the part of any mail
contractors, for it seems to be intended to pay for
carrying the mail from 1855 to 1859, four whole
years. There is no evidence, I take it, from that
report that Hubbard and Spencer ever applied to
Congress or to the Post Office Department to be
paid until 1860, live years after they commenced
carrying the mail; but when it was discovered
that Mr. Edwards had been so successful in pros-
ecuting his claim 
Mr. CHANDLER. McICnight.
Mr. GRIMES. I thought it was Edwards.
When it was found that he had been so success-
ful, then comes in this claim in behalf of Mr.
Spencer and Mr. Hubbard. Now, sir, I am told
that the mails have been carried without expense
to this Government by a line of steamboats be-
tween the cities of New York and Norwich.
They carry them for the benefit of their people
at the ends of their route from whom they receive
their patronage; and Spencer&.Hubbard,doubt-
less, when they commenced carrying the mails
between Chicago and these different points, had
not the most remote idea that they were ever to
receive any pay.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The report says they
were assured by the Department officers that they
should be paid.
Mr. GRIMES. It does not say they were
assured by the Postmaster General.
Mr. DIXON. Not by the Postmaster General,
but the postmaster at the place assured them.
Mr. GRIMES. Some postmaster established
it without having anymore authority to establish
a route than I have, not a particle. A postmaster
under the United States has the authority, if there
is a non-performance on the part of a contractor,
to hire some man to carry the mail to fill up this
performance, the deficiency, which is notdone by
the contractor; but here is a postmaster who goes
and makes a new contract on a new line that had
never been established by an act of Congress, so
far as the committee tell us, and never had been
acted upon by the Postmaster General.
Mr. WILSON. I understood that this bill was
to take up but a moment, but as it is likely to
give rise to debate, I think it had better go over.
I desire to make a repoit from the committee of
conference on the bill equalizing and increasing
the pay of the armies of the United States, and
for other purposes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope that will not be
taken up until we dispose of this hill. Nobody
wants to discuss it, and I think we can have a
vote upon it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We met here this evening
to go on and finish the tariff bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do notsuppose anybody
wants to say a word more on this bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. A good many words have
already been said, and it is likely to lead to more.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not suppose anybody
else wants to say anything about it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 do not know. I sup-
pose the Senator does.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not. I merely rose
to say that this servic6 was authorized by the
agency of the Post Office Department. I do not
wish to sav anything further.
Mr. DIXON. I only wish to state that these
claimants made their application in 1860, and the
service closed in 1859; there was only one year's
delay in the presentation of the claim.
Mr. GRIMES. But they did not present it
until five years after the service had commenced.
Mr. WILSON. I do not think a bill of this
kind ought to be passed to-night with such a dif-
ference of views in regard to it. I therefore move
that it be passed over.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there any
objection to that motion?
Mr. DIXON. 1 object. I desire to have this
bill acted upon now.
The PRESIDENTj)ro tempore. Then the Chair
will put the question on the motion to postpone
the bill until to-morrow.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that wc proceed
to the consideration of the tariff bill.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I ask the Senator from Maine
to allow me to present and have acted upon to-
night a conference report. It will take but a mo-
ment, I think.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore, It may be re-
ceived by unanimous consent.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no objection, if it
does not displace the tariff bill.
Mr. WILSON. If it takes any time I will
give way.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well.
PAY OF COLORED TROOPS.
Mr. WILSON* from the committee of confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the bill (8. No. 145) to equalize the pay of
soldiers in the United States Army, submitted
the following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing; votes
of the two Houses on the amendments to the bill (S. No.
145) entitled "An act to equalize the pay of soldiers in th«
Array of the United States, and for other purposes," hav-
nig met, after full and free conference upon the j toposcd
Senate amendments to the House amendments to taid bill,
repoit as follows:
1. In the fourth and fifth lines ofthe fir§t Senate amend-
ment strike out the words " regular Army and volunteer
and drafted forces in the," and insert the word " military "
in lieu thereof.
2. After the word " quartermasters," in the seventh lint; of
said amendment, strike out all down to and including the
word " dollars" in the ninth line of said Senate amend-
ment, and insert the following in lieu thereof: " and com-
missary sergeants ol cavalry, artillery, and infantry, twenty-
two dollars.'
3. After the word "privates," in the fourteenth line of
said first Senate amendment, strike out all down to and
including the word "corps" m the sixteenth line of said
amendment, and insert the following in lieu thereof : " of
engineers and ordnance of the first class, eighteen dollars ;
and of the second class."
4. After the word "dollars," in the twenty-second line
of said first Senate amendment, strike out all of said amend-
ment down to the word " sixteen" in the twenty-fourth
line, and inseitin lieu thereof, leader? of bugade and
regimental bands,seventy-five dollars; musicians." And
that the House of Representatives agree to the said Senate
amendments with the foregoing amendments.
0. That the Senate recede fiom its second amendment,
to wit, tho insertion of section three.
6. That the House of Representatives agree to the third
amendment of the Senate, to wit, the insertion of section
four.
7. That the Senate recede from its fourth amendment, to
wit, the insertion of section five.
8. In the second line of the sixth section of the Senate
amendment strike out all of said section after the words
" sergeant major" and insert the following in lieu iheieof;
" who shall be paid thirty-six dollars per month, and one
quartermaster sergeant who shall also be commissaiy ser-
geant, who shall be paid twenty-two dollars per month."
And that the House of Representatives do agree to said
amendment of the Senate as amended.
9. That the Hou*e of Representatives do agree to the
sixth Senate amendment, to wit, the insertion of section
seven.
10. Strike out the fourth, fifth, and all of the sixth lino
down to the word "and" in the seventh Senate amend-
ment, and insert the following in lieu thereof: " the rank,
pay, and allowances of a brigadier general and an Assistant
Judge Advocate General with tho rank, pay, and allow-
ances of a colonel of cavahy."
U. Alter the word "advocate," in the seventh line of
said seventh Senate amendment, insert the word "Gen-
eial." Anil that the House of Representatives do agre« to
said Senate amendment as amended.
12. That the House of Representatives do agree to the
eighth Senate amendment, to wit, the insertion of section
nine.
13. That the House of Representatives do agree to the
ninth Senate amendment, to wit, the insertion of section
ten.
14. Thatthe House of Representatives agree to the tenth,
eleventh, and twelfth of said Senate amendment''.
IIENRY WILSON,
J. W. N'ESMITII,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
ROBERT C. SCHENCK,
F. W. KELLOGG,
JAMES S. ROLLINS,
Managers on the part of ihe House.
The report was concurred in.
TARIFtf BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the "Whole,
resumed tho consideration of the bill (H. R.No.
494) to increase duties on imports, and for other
purposes.
The bill was reported to the Senateas amended.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
will be on concurring m the Senate with the amend-
ments made as in Committee of the Whole. Does
any Senator desire a separate vote on any of the
umendme nts?
Mr. RAMSEY. I want a separate vote on the
amendment imposing a duty of 70 cents on rail-
road iron.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That amend-
ment will be excepted.
Mr. JOHNSON. There is an amendment in
regard to the duty on tea which 1 should like to
have excepted.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That amend-
ment will be excepted.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I desire to call the attention
of the Committee on Finance to a difference which
exists in the sixth section of this bill as compared
with the corresponding section of the bill of 1861.
In the forty-eighth line of the sixth section of this
bill ( find this proviso:
Provided, That upon all pluin woven cotton goods, in-
cluded or not included In the foregoing schedules, &e.
