42
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 17,
William Clark, of Tennessee, who asks of the
Senate, that the papers in his case which were
sent to the Senate by the Court of Claims at a
former session, be returned to the court. He
states that there was no report adverse to his
claim, and no report in favor of the claim, he-
cause the judges were divided as to the amount
they thought he should receive. Under these
circumstances, I suppose it would be proper that
the matter should be referred back to the court.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That order will be
made if there be no objection. The Chair hears
none.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. RAMSEY gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill making an appropri-
ation of the public lands to aid in the construction
of a railroad from Lake Superior, in the State of
Minnesota, by the way of St. Paul, to Sioux City
in the State of Iowa.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. NESMITH asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 19) for the relief of L. F. Cartee; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. IIARLAN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 20)
for the relief of justices of the Supreme Court of
the United States in cases therein described;
which was read twice by its title.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask for the reading of the
bill before it is referred.
The Secretary read the bill. It provides that
whenever the chief justice or any associate justice
of the Supreme Court of the United States shall
have attained (lie age of seventy years, and shall
signify to the President of the United States his
desire, on account of physical .infirmity, to retire
from his office, the President may place his name
on a retired list of justices of the Supreme Court
of the United States. A judge thus retired is to
receive compensation, to be paid in the manner
now provided for the payment of the salaries of
justices of the Supreme Court, to the end of his
natural life, namely: if it shall appear that lie has,
at the date of his retirement, served as chief or
associate justice for a period notexceeding fifteen
years, $4,000 per annum; if for a period greater
than fifteen and not exceeding twenty years, $4,500
per annum; if for a period greater than twenty
and not exceeding twenty-five years, $5,000 per
annum; if for a period greater than twenty-five
and notexceedingthirty years,$5,500; and if for
a period greater than thirty years, he shall receivc
$6,000 per annum. It js also provided that when-
ever a vacancy shall thus occur in the office of the
chicf justice or associate justice of the Supreme
Court of the United States, it shall be filled as pro-
vided by the Constitution and laws of the United
States in case of a vacancy from other causes.
The bill was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. CHANDLER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. No. 6) in relation to a grant of land
heretofore made to the State of Michigan to aid in
the construction of railroads in that State; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. SI) granting land to the State of Kansas
to indemnify her citizens for losses; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. SUMNER asked,and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 22)
supplementary to "An act to promote the prog-
ress of the useful arts;" which was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office.
BILL RECOMMITTED.
On motion of Mr. SPRAGUE, it was
Ordered, That the bill (S. No. 7) to inciease the bounty
for volunteers and the pay of the Army be recommitted to
the Committee oa Military Affairs and the Militia.
PAPEKS WITHDRAWN AND KEFEItKEl).
On motion of Mr. HALE, it was
Ordered, That the petition am! other papers of Albert
Brown, praying for an investigation of thecontiact made by
himwith Major MorrisS.MiIlci, quartermaster ofihe United
States Army, for the manufacture and delivery of wagons,
and that the said contract may be fulfilled on the part of the
United States, on the files ot the Senate, be referred to the*
Committee on Claims.
Mr. FOOT. I move that the memorial and
papers of the Mayor of Washington city, praying
that certain privileges be granted to the " Guard-
ian Society" of the District of Columbia, which
accompanied Senate bill PiTo. 466 of the last Con-
gress, be taken from the files of the Senate with the
view that they may be placed in the hands of the
chairman of the Committee on Public Buildings
of the House of Representatives, at his request.
The motion was agreed to.
TEL1SGBAPHIC REPORTS.
Mr. DOOLITTLE submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Printing be instructed
to inquire a-, to the best mode of securing accuiatc synop-
ses of the debates and proceedings of the Senate, to be
reported by tclegiaph for the associated press.
POST ROAD IN KANSAS.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee oh Post Offices and Post
Roads be instructed to inquire into the piopiiety of estab-
lishing what is now known as the new military road from
Lawrence to Fort Scott as a post road.
ADDITIONAL CLERKS.
Mr. WADE submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Finance be instructed
to inquire whether any additional force of cleiks oi mes-
sengers is needed m the executive officc, and to report by
bill or otherwise.
ARMORED VESSELS.
Mr. WADE submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be directed to
conimumcatc to the Senate all official reports and dispatches
and papers in the Navy Department relating to actions in
winch any of tin' aimored vessels have been engaged, and
especially the lepuit of Captain Worden of the combat of
i the Momtnt witli the Memmae, and the report of Cap-
j tain John Rodger^ of the attack on Fort Darling, together
with the dispatches ot Hear Admiral Ooldsborough trans-
mitting them; the repoits of Captain Worden and Captain
Drajton of the two attacks on Fort McAllister on the
Ogeehee, with the dispatches of Rear Admiral Du Pont
tianstmuing ihem to the Department; the reports of Rear
Admiral Du Pont of the attack of the 7th ofApnl, 1863, on
the defenses of Charleston haibor, together with the teports
of Captain Drayton of the Passaic, Commander Rhind of
the Keokuk, Commander Dowues of the Nahanf, Captain
John Rodgers of the Weehawken, Captain Worden of the
Montauk, Commander Fairfax of the Nantucket, Com-
mander Geotge W. Rogeis of the Catskill, Commodore
Turner of the New Itonsides?, and Commander Ammen of
the Patapsco, touching their several vessels during that at-
tack; and also the repoits of any investigations after the
action into the condition of any of the aimored vessels en-
gaged in it, or reflecting the repairs found necessary on
any of those vessels after the action, made by those officers
or any of them, or any official statement respecting those
vessels in connection with the said action, or respecting
experiments to test the value of lafts for the removal of
obsti uctions, made by those officers oi any of them, or by
Engineers Lovermg, Iiohie, oi Stimeis; and also the report
of Captain John Itodgeis of the action between the Wee-
hawken and Atlanta, together with the dispatch of Rear
Admiral Du Pont transmitting it; and all other official cor-
respondence with any of those officers in the Navy Depart-
ment respecting or lelatingto those actions; and also the
official report of the sinking of the Weehawken inside the
bai oil'Charleston, and the official report of the springinga
leak of the Sangamon at the Washington navy-yard on the
eve of departing on a cruise.
OATH OF OFFICE.
Mr. SUMNER. I submit a resolution propos-
ing a new rule of the Senate. I ask that it be read
now and printed; and I give notice that I shall
call it up at the next meeting of the Senate.
The Secretary road, as follows:
Resolved, That the following be added to the rules of the
Senate:
The oath or affirmation prescribed by act of Congress of
! July 2,1863, to be taken and subscribed before entering upon
i the duties of office, shall be taken and subscribed by every
1 Senator in open Senate before entering upon his duties. It
1 shall also be taken and subscribed, in the same way, by the
Secretary of the Senate ; but the other officers of the Sen-
ate may take and subscribe it in the office of the Secretary.
The resolution was ordered to lie on the table,
and be printed.
ADJOURNMENT OYER THE HOLIDAYS.
Mr. FOOT. I move that when the Senate ad-
journs to-day it be to meet on Monday next.
Mr. ANTHONY. If itis understood that the
resolution which has passed the House of Rep-
resentatives for a recess of a fortnight is to be
adopted by the Senate, I think we should hardly
want to adjourn over two days, and 1 therefore
suggest to the Senator from Vermont that he with-
draw his motion until we act on that icsolution.
Mr. FOOT. 1 withdraw the motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate the following resolution passed by the House
of Representatives on the 16th instant:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That when this House
adjourns on Wednesday the 23d instant, it shah be until
Tuesday the 5th day of Januaiy, 1864.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move to strike outt( Wed-
nesday" and insert "Thursday;" and to strike
out "Tuesday" and insert " Monday." I am
disposed to give tiie adjournment over the week
embracing the holidays.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I hope eastern Sena-
tors will bear in mind that we of the West cannot
visit our homes during an adjournment of less
than two weeks; and we are as anxious to go
home as they are.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. J am nearly as far West
as the honorable Senator, and I do not propose to
go home at all.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Fortunately for the
Senator from Wisconsin he has his family with
him.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The gentleman is entirely
mistaken as to that.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I so understood, but
I stand corrected. His age perhaps precludes his
having as strong a desire to visit his home as some
of the rest of us. [Laughter.] I ask, Mr. Presi-
dent, that the eastern Senators will take us, west
of the Mississippi, somewhat into consideration.
We voted with them yesterday against the three
weeks, but we do ask for two weeks.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, at the sug-
gestion of gentlemen around me, I am willing to
withdraw the first amendment I suggested to in-
sert 44 Thursday " in place of44 Wednesdaybut
I shall insist on the other, that " Monday" be in-
serted in place of "Tuesday" as the day of re-
assembling.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. FES3ENDEN. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the adoption of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish simply to say that
I shall vote against this resolution, as I have voted
invariably against all such propositions. We have
just come here, away from our families; those of
us who have families certainly have not been ab-
sent from them for a long while. A very large
portion of the members will not leave the city,
and cannot leave the city, in order to go home to
their families, though they may go to New York,
or Philadelphia, or around generally. But I wish
to notify the Senate, and have them understand,
that just so much time as you take from this end
of the session you must put on to the other end,
and, in my judgment, it is very much better for
Congress to sit here now, rather than go into the
hot weather of the summer. I do not suppose it
makes any very great difference, so far as theex-
pense is concerned. We are paid by a salary,
and therefore it cannot make much difference in
that respect, one way or the other. But I see no
reason why Senators or Representatives who Jive
near their homes, quite near, should have an ad-
journment for their accommodation, when a large
number will be obliged to stay m this city during
the whole period of time, doing nothing. I shall
therefore vote against the resolution.
Mr. SHERMAN. If I understand the reso-
lution as it stands, the effect of it will be simply
to adjourn the House of Representatives and the
Senate will remain. That ought not to be. My
own experience has been that an attempt to hold
a session either of the Senate or of the House of
Representatives during the holidays, is an idle
ceremony. Thoseof us who will stay in the city,
as I probably shall, will march up here and then
march back again ; no business will be done. I
doubt whether any business has been done for
years during the holidays. At the last session of
Congress, although it was the short session, we
adjourned over the holidays, and came back and
resumed our business promptly and conducted it
with rapidity. In my judgment, before the ad-
journment is had, we should pass upon the amend-
ment to the law enrolling the national forces. It
