THE CONGRESS
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. HIVES, WASHINGTON, D.;C.
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 1st Session.
SATURDAY, JUNE 18, 1864.
New Seri|ss«.1..No. 391.^
In the bill of 1861 the words "included or"
are left out; so that the provision reads:
"Thnt upon all plain woven cotton goods not included
in the foregoing schedules, and upon cotton goods of every
description, the value of which shall exceed 16 cents per
square jard, there shall be levied, collected, and paid a
duty of '23 per cent, ad valorem "
I do not know whether I shall be able to make
myself understood; but the high price of cotton
to-day over what it was in 1861 has the effect of
bringing all the goods named in this section be-
fore the proviso under the duty of 35 per cent.,
for the reason thatall of these goods thatare men-
tioned cost more than 16 cents per yard. That
clause was intended to meet a higher class of
goods. The items specified-were intended to meet
a class of goods manufactured in this country.
The proviso was intended to meet a higher class
of goods that are imported. None of the goods
enumerated in this first portion of the fourteenth
section of the old bill would amount to 16 cents.
Then the Committee of Ways and Means in the
other House have left out an additional proviso,
to be found in the act of 1861, relative to goods
containing more than two hundred picks to the
-square inch, counting the thread and warp, so that
goods containing two hundred and twenty-five
might be put in at a less duty than the two hun-
dred picks. I do not know why they left it out.
It must have been by some inadvertence. It ia
in these words:
"Jind provided further, That no cotton goods having more
than two hundred threads to tha square inch, counting the
warp and filling, shall he admitted to a less rateof dutv than
is piovided for goods which are of that number of threads."
It is very plain that if this provision is not put
into this bill as it was in the old one, cloths of a
higher kind and intended to be at a higher rate
will be put in at a less rate than that enumerated
in this new bill. I therefore desire, if I have been
able to make myself understood, if there is no
objection to it, simply to repeat the clause which
is in the old bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope the Senator will
withhold his amendment for a short time until
we get through with the amendments that were
adopted in committee. After that the Senator
will be at liberty to move his amendment.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Very well.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does any Sen-
ator wish a separate vote on any other amend-
ment?
Mr. TEN EYCK. I wish to except the amend-
ment in section eighteen in relation to the duty of
10 per cent, on raw silk.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That amend-
ment will be excepted.
Mr. FOSTER. I should like to except the
amendment of the committee in the third section,
page 12, in regard to the duty on knives.
The PRESlDENTprofempore. That amend-
ment will be excepted.
Mr. MORGAN. I desire to except the amend-
ment of the committee on page 23 in relation to
spool thread.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That amend-
ment will be excepted. The question will now
be taken on concurring in all the other amend-
ments made as in Committee of the Whole.
The remaining amendments were concurred in.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
now will be on concurring in the first excepted
amendment made in committee.
The Secretary read the amendment, which was
in section one, line ten, after the word " twenty"
to strike out the word "five," and after the word
"pound" to insert "and in addition thereto 10
per cent, ad valoremso that the clause will
read:
Fir&t. On teas of all kinds 20 cents perpound, and in ad-
dition thereto 10 percent, ad valorem.
Mr. MORGAN. Since this amendment was
acted upon yesterday, there has been a commu-
nication made to the Senate on the subject, a me-
morial signed by all the importers of" tea m the
city of New York, recommending a specific duty.
1 have hardly had time to examine the memorial,
191
but I believe the members of the Finance Com-
mittee have seen.it.
Mr. President, it may be well enough for us to
look at our legislation in respect to this article of
tea. There was a duty of 20 cents a pound on
all teas when Congress came together at this ses-
sion, which duty has existed since 1862. In the
latter part of April a joint resolution was passed
adding 50 per cent, to the duties on imports.
That made the duties on teas 30 cents. That
joint resolution was passed pretty suddenly, as
Senators all recollect. The Committee of Ways
and Means of the House of Representatives in
framing this tariff bill reported a duty of 5 cents
additional to the former duty on tea, making a
duty of 25 cents; and that has been adopted by
the House of Representatives. When the bill
came to this body, the Committee on Finance re-
ported a duty of 10 per cent, ad valorem, making
a duty perhaps of 3| cents, or less than 4 cents.
We have therefore in this short session four rates
of duty on teas; 20 cents, 30 cents, then back to
25 cents, and now perhaps 235 cents.
It is very desirable to have our legislation in
regard to the duties on imports permanent, stable,
that importers may know what to depend "upon.
They were not disposed to complain of the pas-
sage of the joint resolution increasing the duties,
provided those were the duties that Congress
intended to impose permanently. If the neces-
sities of the Government required that the duty
should be 30 cents a pound, there would be no
complaint from the importers or others; but
what they do complain of is this change of the
duty from 20 to 30 cents and then back to 25 and
now to 23 cents. I am not disposed to criticise
the action ofthe committee, for I believe they have
labored upon this bill to get it right. I know that
the Finance Committee were opposed to this large
increase ofthe duties under that joint resolution.
They recommended an increased duty of 33j per
cent. Even that would have been more than the
duties actually are in the bill upon which we aie
passing to-day. It seejns to me, in view of all
that has taken place, we had better look to alittle
more permanency and stability in our legislation.
I think we had better support the specific duly.
I am, therefore, in favor of the bill as it passed
the House of Representatives, and not in favor
of the amendment made to it by the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. JOHNSON. I concur in the view taken
by the honorable member fiom New York. The
committee propose to strike out a portion of the
specific tax proposed by the House of Represent-
atives, and to insert in addition to what they leave
of the specific tax an ad valorem tax of 10 per
cent. I think the Senators from the agricultural
States, and particularly the western States, arfc
especially interested in this question, for this rea-
son; in point of fact nearly all the tea that is
drunk in those States is green tea, which is not
the cheaper kind. The cheaper kind is drunk
principally in the Atlantic States. From some
cause or other we prefer what are called the black
teas, and m point of price they are not estimated
as high as the green teas. A specific tax of 20 per
cent, on all teas will embrace the green as well as
the black.
The argument upon the other side is that per-
haps the lower-priced tea would not bear a spe-
cific tax of 25 cents, and that the effect would be,
even if it could bear it, to throw the additional 5
cents specific upon the constfmer; but if th5 con-
sumer for the most part, as is the fact, is among
those who are able to bear it, and the consumers
who are comparatively poor are among those who,
from taste or habit or from any other cause, use
the higher-priced teas, the effect will be that if
yon reduce the tax from 25 to 20 cents specific,
and add an ad valorem tax of 10 per cent, you will
be increasing just to the amount of 10 per cent,
the price of the teas that arc drunk in the west-
ern States. In the Atlantic States—I believe it
is almost universally true; certainly it is, so far
as 1 am advised—-nearly every gentleman and lus
family prefer what are called the black teas, par-
ticularly the English breakfast tea, which is a trja
comparatively cheap; arid of course he can pay,
and will pay without the slightest retaatance^or
dissatisfaction, an additional tax of cen'C '
But there is another reason, as I stated yester-
day, and it is not necessary to press it. It" is
exceedingly difficult to enforce properly an ai
valorem tax upon tea. Such is the nature of tl^a
article, such are'the elements which enter into its
actiial cost in the hands of the importer, that it is
very difficult for him to ascertain exactly wliat
that cost should be, and of course it will be more
difficult upon the part of the appraiser. If'he
disregards the invoice, and the appraiser is not
obliged to be regulated by the invoice, and will
not be, he may subject an importer who has been
guilty of no fraud or no purpose to evade the reve-
nue to the additional penalties which are imposed
upon him whose invoice is greater than 10 per
cent, upon its nominal amount.
I-believe, and that is also ail additional reason
with me for voting against the amendment pro-
posed by the committee, that a specific tax of 25
cents on teas will raise more revenue than a specific
tax of 20 cents anil .ail ad valorem tax of 10 per
cent. For these reasons I hope that the amend-
ment proposed by the committee will not prevail.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will ask for the yeas
and nays on that question.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 12, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—Mo.bSr*. Anthony. Chandler, Clark, Dixon, Doo-
litttc, Fc-iseiulcm, Foot, Howe, Ramsey, Sprague,Vau Win-
kle, and Willey—1*3.
MAYS—mesms. Buck,llew,Carlile, Foster, Gnmes, Hale,
Harlan, Ham ., liemliiefcs, Howard, J'llmson.LrnH; ol Indi-
ana, Lane of Kansas, Moigan, Pomcioy, Powell. SauUbury,
Slimnan, Suinnei, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Wade, and Wil-
son—2J.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Collamer, Ooimess, Cowan,
Davis. Raiding, Henderson, (ticks, McDougnll, Moiriil,
Nes-imth, Richardson, Kiddle, Wilkinson, and Wright—15.
So the amendment was non-concurred in.
The next excepted amendment was in section
three, line twenty-eight, to strike out "80" and
insert " 70;" so that the clause will read;
On all iron imported ill liars for railroads and inolineil
planes, made to patterns and fitted to bo ljul down o  sill-It
roads or planes without further manufacture, 70 cents per
one bundled pounds.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out "70" and inserting " 60."
I will remark, Mr. President, that in the State of
Minnesota, speaking for a part of the Northwest,
the country west of Lake Michigan and west
ofthe Mississippi river, we have now abouteight
hundred miles of road under contract in lines of
two and three hundred miles each. All of these
roads will have to be abandoned unless there is
some modification of the tax in this bill. 1 un-
derstand that iron in large quantities has been
contracted form England, which the parties have
ordered to be resold, as it will be impossible for
them at the present rates of iron in that distant
State to continue the work. Iron cannot possibly
be laid down in Minnesota under §140 a ton. In
addition to that, ordinary labor in that country is
§2 a day. Unless some relief of this kind is ex-
tended to us all these improvements will have to
be abandoned. 1 trust, therefore, that the Senate
will concur with me, and consent to tlus reduction
ofthe tax on railroad iron.
Mr. POMEROY. Mr. President, when this
subject was under consideration in Committee of
the Whole, something was said, and I believe I
said something myself, in reference to this meas-
ure as a relief to the railroads; but more mature
reflection upon it has convinced me that this
amendment ought to be made as a question of
revenue, to say nothing of the question as per-
taining to the interests of the roads, l^hat the
present manufacturing establishments in this
country can do anything toward supplying the
demand for railroad iron, I believe no one will
pretend. We have in the loyal States twenly-
fivc thousand miles of railroad in operation, and
111 the disloyal States they have about twelve thou-
sand The average existence of a rail is ten years.
In other words, 10 per cent, of the track of every
