44
THE CONGRESSIONAL CrLOBK
December 17,
CONDITION OF THE FKEEDMEN.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a message from the President of the United
States transmitting to Congress a letter addressed
. to him by a committee representing the Freed-
men's Aid Societies in Boston, New York, Phil-
adelphia, and Cincinnati. The subject is regarded
by the President as one of great magnitude and
importance; but not having lime to form a mature
judgment of* his own as to the plan they suggest,
he submits the whole subject to Congress, atten-
tion to it being most imperatively demanded.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the message be
printed, and laid on the table. I make the sug-
gestion that it seems to me there should be a
special committee constituted to take into consid-
eration that whole subject; but I make no such
proposition.
The motion was agreed to.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
Mr. FOOT. 1 renew the motion 1 made a little
while ago, that when the Senate adjourn to-day,
it be to meet on Monday next.
Mr. SHERMAN. Before that question is put,
1 should like to inquire of the chairman of the
Committee on Military AlTairs whether he will
have the bill referred to ready to be reported to-
morrow.
Mr. WILSON. The bill was recommitted to-
day to make a slight change in it, by adding a
proposition which came up on another bill, but it
was thought best to put it on this; and as we could
do it better in committee than here in the Senate,
we had it recommitted. We can report it back to-
morrow morning, for we intend to have a meeting
this afternoon, and our object in meeting is to ex-
amine that subject. But one Senator can prevent
its consideration to-morrow.
Mr. SHERMAN. That will carry it over to
Saturday.
Mr. WILSON. I think, myself, we had better
try to get that bill through this week. The Pay-
master General has been twice to see me about it,
and he says they are very badly off.
Mr, TRUMBULL. I would suggest to the
Senator from Massachusetts that one objection
would prevent the consideration of the bill on
Monday, if we adjourn over to Monday.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust, therefore, that the
Senate will not adjourn over till Monday, but will
meet to-morrow. It will not take long, probably.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion of the Senator from Vermont.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, December 17, 18G3.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. W. H. Cuakxikg.
MARYLAND CONTESTED-ELECTION CASE.
The SPEAKER laid before the House tHumc-
moiial of John VV. Crisfieid, protesting against
the interference of the military foicesof the Uni-
ted States with the election in the fiist congres-
sional district of Maryland, and contesting the
right of Hon. J. A. J. Creswoll to a seat in the
House as a member thereof from said district,
with the accompanying documents; which weie
referred to the Committee of Elections.
COAST SURVEY REPORT.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House the
annual report of the Superintendent of the Coast
Survey for 1863; which was laid upon the table,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr.WASHBUR.NE, of Illinois, submitted the
following resolution; which was read, considered,
and, under the rules, referred to the Committee on
Printing:
Resolved, That there be printed five thousand extra copies
of the annual lepoit of the Superintendent ot the Coa-t
Survey (or 18o3; three thousand of which shall he for dis-
tribution hy the Superintendent, and two thousand lor the
Use of the Hou>e.
DIPLOMATIC APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported a bill makingappropnations
for the consular and diplomatic expenses of the
Government for the year ending the 30th of June,
1865; which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
THANKS TO CAPTAIN RODGERS.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, from the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, reported a joint resolu-
tion tendering the thanks of Congress to Captain
John Rodgeis, of the United States Navy, for
eminent skill and zeal in the discharge of his duties;
which was read a first and second time.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, demanded the
previous question.
Mr. COX. If it be in oider, I movean amend-
ment to that joint resolution I move to insert
the name of David D. Porter, commander of the
Mississippi squadron, for efficient aid in opening
the Mississippi river. I think it due to a gallant
and able officer that it should be done.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I insist on the
call for the previous question, and ask that the
resolution be now put on its passage.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the joint resolution was oidered to be
engrossed and read a thiid time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the resolution was passed;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
THANKS TO GENERAL GRANT.
Mr. STEELE, of New Jersey, from the Com-
mittee on Enrolled Bills, reported that they had
examined and found truly enrolled joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 1) of thanks to Major General
Ulysses S. Grant, and the officers and soldiers
who have fought under his command during this
rebellion, and providing that the President of the
United Stales shall cause a medal to be struck, to
be presented to Major General Grant in the name
of the people of the United States of America;
when the Speaker signed the same.
DIPLOMATIC CORRESPONDENCE.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland, from the Committee
on Foreign Affairs, reported the following reso-
lution; winch, under the rules, was referred to
the Committee on Punting:
Resolved, That ten thousand additional copies of papers
on the subject of foreign affairs, winch accompany the
President's annual message, he plinted for the use of this
House.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved that
when the House adjourns to-day, it adjourn to meet
on Monday next.
The motion was agreed to.
JUDICIAL DISTRICT IN WEST VIRGINIA.
Mr. BROWN, of West Virginia, submitted the
following resolution; which was read, considered,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee en the Judiciaiy inquire
into the i xpedieney of constituting West Virginia into a
judicial distnci, and that they report by bill or otherwise.
EXPENSES OF IDAHO TERRITORY.
Mr. McBRIDE submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Whereas no appropriation was made at the last session
of Congress to pay the expenses of the tcrritoiial govern-
ment ol Idaho Tenitoiy: Therefoie,
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means be
requested to repoit a bill at an eaily day providing for the
same.
PENSIONS, ETC.
Mr. WILSON submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was read, consideied, and agreed to:
Resolved} That the Committee on Tnvaiid Pensions bein-
stiueted to inqune what legislation is nece^aiy to sectne
to the widow's and legal reptesentativosofpeissonj? who have
died, or may heieaiter die, after diseliame liom military
service, ot wounds- received or disease contracted m said
seivice and in Hie line ot duty, the niiiic pension and
bounty allowed in other ea<es, and to report by bill or
otlieuvise.
HOMESTEADS FOR SOLDIERS.
Mr. WILSON also submitted the following
resolution; which was lead, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands be in-
structed to impure what legislation is neeessaiy to enable
persons in the military or naval service of the United
States to avail themselves, while engaged in taid set vice,
of the benefits of the homestead act, and to leport hy bill
or otherwise.
CANAL ENLARGEMENT.
Mr. PRICE submitted the following resolution,
upon which he demanded the previous Question:
Whereas, by treaty and stipulations now existing, this
Government is prohibited from establishing or maintaining
an aiinament of any kind on our northern lakes; anil
whereas a vast extent ol fertile eountiy, and an immense
and constantly increasing commerce istlius exposed, in the
event of a war with JEutope, to invasion and destination ;
and whereas the rapidly increasing surplus agricultural
products of the Northwest require an outlet by water to the
Atlantic seaboard ; and whereas it is behoved that the in-
creased stimulus winch would be given to comiueice and
agriculture by openinga water communication between the
Mississippi river and the East, by the way of ihe gi eat lake-;,
would, b\ eheapenmgthe cost of tiansportation toandtroin
the We-t and East, so far increase the foreign coimncrce
of the country that the import duties on return cat goes
would far exceed the interest on the cost ol the proposed
woik, and provide a sinking fund Jor its liquidation : In
view, therciore, of thegieat necessity which e\i ts, both
ni a military and commercial point of view, for the con-
struction ol this woik,
Be it therefore icsolved, That the Committee on Roads
and Canals be instructed to inquire into the expediency and
necessity of constiuetmg and enlarging such canals a* shall
be neces-aiy to connect the waters of the llud^onand Mis-
sissippi rivers with the great lakes, and that they be re-
quned to repoit by bill oi otherwise.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to lay the resolution on
the table.
Mr. ANCONA demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 56, nays 9o; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ancona, Bliss, Broomalh James S.
Blown, Chanlet. Cox, Cre^weil. Dawson, Denni&on, Don-
nelly, Edgctton, Eldudge, English, Fmck, Hall, Hauling,
Hainngion, IIoiman, William Johnson. KHh'y, King, Law,
Lazear, Le Blond, Long, Mallory, MeAlli-tei^ McDowell,
McKinney, M^ldleton, William ii. .Millet, Mooihead,
James 11. Moms. Amos Myt-i4-. Leonntd Myen, Noble,
Charles O'Neill, John O'Neill.'Orth, Pendleton, Peny,
Samuel J. Randall, Rogers, Seofield, William G. Steele,
Stiles, Suou&e, Thajer, Tiacy, Voorhees, Wadsworth,
Wheclei, Chilton A. White, Joseph W. White, and Wil-
liam-—56.
NAYS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Alley, Allison. Ander-
son, Arnold. Ashley, n.uly, Augustus C. Baldwin, John D.
Baldwin, Beaman, Blaine. Jacob B. Blair. Blow. Rem well,
Bojd, Bratidegee, Biook«, William G. Blown, Ambrose W.
Claik, Freeman Clarke, Coflroth, Cole, Thomas T. Davis,
Dawes, Doming, I)i\on, Diiggs, Dumont, Ecklcy, Eden,
Eliot, Fam-woith, Fenton, Frank, Ganson, Garfield, Gnn-
nell, Charles M. Hart is,] lei rick, Higby, Ilooper, Hotehkiss,
A-nhel W. Hubbard, John H. Hubbard, Julian, Kasson,
Francis W. K>IIocg, Oilando Kellogg, Kernan, Loan,
Longjear, Lovejoy, Matey, Marvin, McBride, McClmg,
Mclndne, Samuel F. Millei, Momll, Daniel Morns, Mor-
rison, Nel.-ou, Noifon, Odell, Paiteit-on, Pfiham, Pom-
eioy, Pi ice, Radford. William H. Randall, -Alexander H.
Rice, John H. Rice, Robinson, Edvvaid fi. Ruilnw, James
S3. Uollms. Ross, Schenek, Shannon. Sloan, Smith. SniUh-
ers, Spauldmg, John B. Steele, Stevens, Siuort, Van Valk-
enbiugh, Ward, Elihu B. Washbuine, William' B. Wash-
burn, Wilder, WiKon, Windoin, Winfield, Fernando
Wood, and Ycaiuau—90.
So the House refused to lay the resolution on
the table.
The previous question then received a second,
and the mam question was ordered; and, being
put, the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. PRICE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PENSIONS TO CHAPLAINS.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa, submitted the fol-
lowing lesolution, upon which he demanded the
previous question:
Resolved, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions be
inducted to inquire into the exp< diency of ptoviduig by
law (or the payment to the widows and orphans of chap-
lains of tile Army, who have heretofore died, or may lu-ie-
altci die in the service, the same pension^ as are now paid
to the widows and orpnaus of eapiams of the. Army.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and, being put, the reso-
lution was agreed to.
KAPIDS OF THE MISSISSIPPI.
Mr. ALLISON offered the following resolution,
upon which he demanded the previous question:
Rcsohed, That the Committee on Roads and Canal* be
ni-tiucted to inquire into the expediency and necessity ot
irnpiovmg the tipper iapids> of thu Mississippi river by a
cana) commencing at Davenport, at the foot oi said lapids,
with leave to repoit by bill or otherwise.
Mr. IIOLMAN moved to lay the resolution
on the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
The previous question was seconded, and the
