3042
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 17,
road must be retired every year. It takes one
^hundred, tonsto. the mile. Senators can see at
once what an immense amount of railroad iron
it takes-to supply the wear and tear of our roads
that" are already made, to say nothing of those
that we contemplate constructing. There are at
akas2t jhirty-five or thirty-eight thousand raiJes of
railroad in this country, 10 per cent, of which
' must be replaced with new'iron every year, at the
j rate of one hundred tons a mile. In addition to
'that thapare'enterprises on hand, parties are
constructing roads that "will take every ton of
'iron that can be made by our American manu-
facturers for a year.
* ' Since this matter was before the "Senate yes-
terday I have received some letters from gentle-
men who know much more about it than I do,
"and who represent to me that they will have to
entirely suspend importing; iron if this tariff of
70 cents per hundred pounds prevails. I al-
lude to it at this time simply as a question of
, revenue, arid not at all as a question of railroad
building. J hold in my hanu a letter from one
of the largest manufacturers in New York, J.
M. Jessup & Co. They say.to me:
We beg leave to state that wc represent and have pur-
chased about twenty thousand tons or" railioad h on in Eng-
land for the use of certain railroad"in Ohio, [llinois, Iowa,
'Minnesota. Vermont, and California. None of this iron
was bought for re.-ale, but solely lor building and repairing
railroads in the States above mentioned, it is now com-
ing forward, and will be so increased in cost at this pro-
posed kuo of duty that we shall have to stipend the com-
pletion of these roads and the repairing of them altogether."
I have also received a letter from E. B. Little-
field & Co., one of the largest firms in this coun-
try engaged in buying and laying down railroad
.iron. These men are not speculators. They are
men who are buying railroad iron for a specific
purpose. They state in this letter that they have
bought in England enough railroad iron for rail-
roads m Minnesota to lay down two hundred and
twenty miles, which they will be obliged to stop
and not bring to this country at all on account of
this prospective tariff.
Let it be understood here that the tariff which
we had last year and up to this time has been
(13 50 per ton in gold; that is at the rate of 60
rents per one hundred pounds. That amounts to
$25 in our currency. It depends of course upon
the price of gold, but as gold has averaged for the
last month it is about $25 a ton. As 1 have said,
it takes about a hundred tons to the mile, to say
nothing of the chairs and spikes, which make
about another thousand dollars a mile; so that if
this tariff prevails we have got to pay in currency
'at least $3,000 a mile to the Government as duty
on every mile that we lay down. The effect ofthat
will be to suspend the business; you cannot lay
down a mile of new road, and the old roads will
be repaired only from necessity.
Let me call the attention of the Senate for one
moment to the fact that there are twelve thousand
miles of railroad in the States in rebellion that are
almost entirely used up. In almost that whole
country the railroads will have to be rebuilt.
When the rebellion shall be suppressed and peace
restored, one of the first and earliest things to be
done will be to repair the waste places, to re-
pair the lailroads, get up means of communica-
tion ; and it will create such a demand for railroad
iron that the manufacturers of this country will
be utterly unable to supply that demand at any
price, and it will compel the importation of railroad
iron, or else an entire suspension of the work of
rebuilding these roads.
Then again we have in some legislation of Con-
gress required a forfeiture of immense enterprises
if railroads are not constructed within a given
time. We have in fact given them but a few
years, and provided for the forfeiture ofthe whole
franchise if the roads arc not built within that
time; and yet this proposed tax will be an em-
bargo upon the building of those roads. Men
who have money will not invest it in railroad
iron at these pi ices. While the proposed tax is
perfectly ruinous as a question of revenue it is
equally destructive as a question of encouragement
to railroad building. Sir, I desire, especially at
this time, that every encouragement and every fa-
cility consistent with the revenue of the country
should be given to enterprises of this chaiacter.
There would be some excuse for putting on this
large tariff if a proper incidental protection to our
own manufacturing est&bhshments needed it.
We have got our mountains fullofifonore,ns a
Senator has said. There is nodoubtabout that.
We have other mountains that are full of gold;
but we have not the men to dig it; we cannot
manufacture it. We might make all our silk
fabrics in this country if we only had the labor;
we have got the climate. We might produce all
the wool that wc needed if we only had the men
to engage in wool-growing; but we have not got
them, and we import more than we raise.. It is
so with our iron; and while we do import it, while
it is impossible for our manufacturers to supply
it, I beg Senators to consider what kind of a
tariff will be sufficiently remunerative to the Gov-
ernment and at the same time be a sufficient en-
couragement for men to build and repair roads.
At the present time men who have undertaken to
build roads cannot contract for a ton of iron at
any American manufactory to be delivered in a
year. There is not an American manufacturing
establishment in this country that can deliver a
ton of iron on a new contract in a year. You
cannot get a locomotive in a year from any new
contract. It is entirely out of the question for the
manufacturing establishments in this country to
supply the demand for railroad iron. It is a ques-
tion, therefore, either of not doing it at all or else
reducing the duty on railroad iron so that men
will feel encouraged to import.
I know that the Committee on Finance, and es-
pecially the chairman of that committee, look at
it onlyasa questionof revenue. Thegreatques-
tion with them is, what tariff wilUproduce the
most money? In my opinion, as a mere question
of revenue, a tariff of 60 cents will so encourage
the importation, will so stimulate the building,
completing, and repairing of roads that you will
get more money into the Treasury, and at the
same time afford incidental benefit to the whole
country, leading to the building up of these waste
places and the lepairing of old roads, and giving
us general prosperity and success everywhere.
I consider this one of the most important meas-
ures that has been before Congress. 1 hope the
amendment moved by the Senator from Min-
nesota to make this duty 60 cents per hundred
pounds will prevail. I believe the interests of the
country demand it. I believe that, as a mere
question of revenue, it ought to be adopted; and
1 know it will afford encouragement to those who
have lailroads to construct.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 am satisfied, unless we
mean to have a perfect irreconcilable difference
of opinion with the House of Representatives,
on which we will imperil the whole bill, we can-
not leave railroad iron alone to stand as it did
under the old tanff. It was only raised, as I stated
before, about in conformity with the new duties
that we imposed in the internal revenue bill; but
notwithstanding that, we have, in consideration
rather of the pressure ofrailroad interests, reduced
it one half. I think it is too much to ask that
merely for the benefit of railroad companies and
their interest in it we should leave it entirely as
it stood before.
Mr. RAMSEY. It is not for the benefit ofthe
railroad companies; it is for the people.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The people are interested
in having railroads built, but, as I stated the other
day, they are much more interested in carrying
on the war. That is a larger interest, a more gen-
eral one, and a more important one in every sense
of the word.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not see anything that is
" irreconcilable" aboutthe matter if this amend-
ment to the amendment should be adopted. It will
leave the whole question open in the hands of a
committee of conference.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The committee of con-
ference will have the question just as much be-
fore them by the amendment proposed by the
committee as by the amendment of the Senator
from Minnesota.
Mr. POMEROY. They would have it in hand
just the same, but the lowest duty to be consid-
ered would be a duty of 70 cents; but if the Sen-
ate put it at GO cents then our committee will have
an opportunity to compromise with the House
committee.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is opportunity
enough, 1 suppose, either way, I think as much
has been done in the way of reducing this duty
as ought to be asked. This adding of JO percent,
ad valorem, the difference between 00 and 70 cents,
we are told, will prevent importation and stop
railroad enterprises. In my judgment, that is all
idle talk. Interests of that sort will not be given
up simply on account of thisaddition.to the duties
under the circumstances. There is no danger of
their stopping. It will cost them more money,
but not by any means so much as the Senator
from Kansas supposes. As to the revenue to be
derived from it, my idea is that it will be precisely
tl)e difference between a tax of 60 and 70 cents.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
will be on agreeing to the amendment to the
amendment.
Mr. BUCKALEW. On that question I call
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to inquire what
the precise question is.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is on strik-
ing out " 70" and inserting " 60."
Mr. COWAN. I hope the reduction proposed
by this amendment will not be made. 1 do not
see any reason why there should be a discrimin-
ation against this particular product more than
any other. It was universally agreed that this
tariff bill was to be compensatory; that it was to
compensate againsttheadditional internal revenue
levied upon the several articles embraced in it.
Mr. SUMNER. Made necessary by that.
Mr. COWAN. Certainly; that is the theory.
I trust the Senate will not go so far as to leave it
without that protection which it deserves, cer-
tainly, as one of thegr£at interests of the country.
I wish to correct one thing that the Senator
from Kansas has stated. There are 60 pounds
of lailroad iron to the yard, and there are 1,752
yards in the mile; 120 pounds cover a yard; and
it is not very difficult to make the calculation.
It will not take 100 tons of that heavy rail to lay
down a mile of road.
Again he says it is utterly impossible to pro-
cure iron in this country; that you cannot con-
tract for it at the American manufactories. 1
think there are manufacturers who would very
gladly take heavy contracts.
1 trust, sir, that this interest will be treated as
other interests are.
Mr. HARLAN. What is the internal tax
levied on all railroad iron by the bill as it passed
the Senate?
Mr. COWAN. Three dollars per ton.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 19, nays 17; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Brown, Carlile, Dixon, Doohttle, Hale,
Hailan, Hendricks, Howard, Johnson, Lane of Indiana,
Lane of Kansas, McDougall, Pomeroy, Powell, Iiamsey,
Richardson, Riddle, JSjauIrfbuiy, and Trumbull—19.
NAY'S—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Chandler, Clark,
Cowan, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Harris, Morgan, Sher-
man, Sprague, Sumner, Ten Eyok, Van Winkle, YVilley,
and Wilson—17.
ABSENT—Messrs. Collamer, Conness, Davis, Grimes,
Harding, Henderson, Hicks, Howe, Moirili, Nesmith,
Wade, Wilkinson, and Wright—13.
So the amendment to the amendment wasagreed
to.
The amendment, as amended, was concurred in.
Mr, SHERMAN. I wish to appeal to the
Senate to allow me to offer two or three amend-
ments. I was not present when the bill was re-
ported to the Senate from the Committee of the
Whole, and I hope the Senate will allow me to
offer them now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will receiVe them.
Mr. SHERMAN; The first amendment that
I shall propose is on page 42, section twenty, line
four, after the word " shall" to.msert the words
"not be deemed to have taken effect until after
the 30th day of April, 1864, and shall." I will
explain to the Senate that the only effect of this
amendment is to delay the taking effect of the
joint resolution increasing the duties 50 per cent,
one day. It was approved by the President on
the evening of the 29th of April. They did not
receive notice of it until one o'clock the next day
at New York, and at other ports along during
the day. Upon consultation it was deemed best
to except that day from the operation of the act.
That will be the effect of this amendment if
adopted.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then it applies the addi-
tional duty to all goods that were imported on
the 30th.
Mr. SHERMAN. No, sir, not on the 30th;
