1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
main question oidered; and under the operation
thereof the resolution was agreed to.
FRANKING PRIVILEGE TO SOLDIERS.
Mr. GRINNELL submitted the following res-
olution, upon which he demanded the previous
question:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Po^t Officc and
Po«t Roads be instructed to inquire info the expediency of
amending rhe postal laws so as to allow the letter* of sol-
diers in actual service to pass through the mails free of
postage.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and, being put, the resolu-
tion was agreed to.
DEPARTMENT OF AflSSOURI.
Mr. McCLURG offered the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be, and hereby is,
dhected to furnish, at e.uly a day as convenient, to the
limine the report of the commissioners appointed by the
Pre-idont t<> examine and leport the claims of otfieeis and
men actually employed in the Western department, or de-
partment of Mi^ouh, in eonfoimity with the joint re-olu-
tiou appioved February 16, 1863; and that said report be
printed.
CENSURE OF TUB ADMINISTRATION.
Mr. EDGERTON offered the following resolu-
tion, and demanded the previous question on its
adoption:
Whereas the proclamations of the President of January
], 1803, and December ti, 1803, in i elation to emancipation,
impose conditions of paidon and amnesty to the persons
who have participated in the existing rebellion, as well as
conditions pieeodent to the establishment and recognition
of tftiite government in the States to which said pioclama-
tions apply, which, in the judgment of a huge number of
faithful citizens, have a tendency to give to the rebellion
" the advantage of a changed i>s ue," and to lemvigoiate
the otheiWKe declining uisuneetion in the South," and to
prolong the war; and whereas this House cannot but re-
gard with anxiety the unprecedented and extraoidmary
claims and assumption ot high prerogative by the President
in said pioclamatious., especially in view of the fact that
the Purulent, m his inauguial address of the 4th day of
March, 1861, declaied, '* I iiavc no puipose dneetiy or in-
directly to interfere with the institution of slavery in the
States where it exi-st-s; I believe i have no right to do so,
and i have no inclination to do so: " Therefore,
Resolved, As the judgment of tbi-s House, that the main-
tenance inviolate on the constitutional poweis of Congress,
and the right* of the States, and especially the right of each
State to order and contiol its own domestic institutions ac-
cording to its own judgmentexclusively, is essential to the
balance of power on which the perfection and enduiance
ofom political fabric o{ i'edeial union depends; and we
denounce, as among the giavcst ol cumc^, the invasion or
occupation, by aimed toice, ol any State, underthe pictext
or toi the purpose of coercing the people thereof to modify
oi abiogatc any of their laws oi domestic institutions that
are consistent with the Constitution of the United States ;
andweaflhm the principle declared in this resolution to
be a law, alike to the President and the people ot the United
States.
Mr. GRINNELL. I move to lay the resolu-
tion on the table.
Mr. COX. On thai I call for the yeasand nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 90, nays 66; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson, Arnold,
Ashley, John 1). JJaidvvin, Ueaiuan, Blaine, Blow, liout-
well, iioj d, JJrniulcgee, I5i'>onmll, William G. Brown, Am-
inos: W. Clark, Fieeman Clarke, Cobb, Cole, Cresvvell,
Uemy Winter l)nvi«, Thomas T. Davis, Dawe<, Deming,
Duon, Dng^s,Dumont,Eliot,Famsworth, Fenton, Fi.ink,
Garfield Goouh, Gunnel!, Hide, Unrby. floopei, flotchkis^,
Amabel W. Hubbaid, John II. Hubbaid, nulbmd, Julian,
Kasson, Kelley, Francis VV. Kellogg, Oilando Kellogg,
Loan, Jjongyear, Lovejoy, Mnivin. McBridc, McClurg,
Mclndoe, Samuel F. Millei, Mooihoad, Moruil. Daniel
Morn*, Amos Mver-, Leomud Mjer , Noiton, Charles
O'Neill, Oi ill, i'iitfei^ou, Perham, Pike, l'omejoy, Piiee,
William II. Randall, Alexandoi II. Rice, John II Ricc,
Edvvaid II. Itollmx, Sehenek, Seolield, Shannon, Sloan,
Smith, Sinitheis-, Spauldmg,Stevens, Thayet, 'J'racy, Van
Valkenbutgh, Elihn-B. Washbui ne, William B. Washburn,
Whalej, Williams, Wildci, Wilson, Windon:, and Wood-
bndge—90.
NAYS—Me^sr*. James C. Allen, Ancona, Augustus C.
Baldwin, Bins, Biook*. James S. Brown, Cox, Craven-?,
Dawson. Lennison, Eden. Edgeiton,Eldiidge,Fi ck,Gan-
son, Grider, Gnswold, Mall, Ilaiding, Harrington, Clnules
M. ikuri-, Ileuick, llolunui, William Johnson, Kernan,
King, Knapp, Law, Lazeai, Le Blond, Long, Mallory,
Maicy, McDowell, MeKmney, Middleton, William H.
Miller, Janie« R. Moms, Motnson, Nelson, Noble, John
O'Neill, Pendleton, Pcny, Radfoid, Samuel J. Randall,
Robmson, Roger*, James S. Rollins, Ross, Scott, John B.
Steele, V\ llliam G. Steele, Stiles, Strouse, Stuait, Sweat,
Yooihees, Wndsw orth, Waul, Wheeiei, Chilton A. White,
Joseph W. Wiiite, Wmfield, Fernando Wood, and Yea-
man—()G.
So the resolution was laid upon the tabic.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. MORRILL stated that his colleague, Mr.
Baxter, was confined to his room by indispo-
sition.
Mr. BEAMA.N stated that his colleague, Mr.
Upson, was still detained at Ins room bysiekness.
Mr. COFFROTH.not having been within the
bar when his name was called,asked leave to vote.
Objection was made.
The result of the vote was announced as above
recorded.
MESSAGE FROM THIS PRESIDENT.
A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States, through Mr. Nic-
olay, his Private Secretary.
ARBITRARY ARRKSTS.
Mr. HARRINGTON offered the following res-
olutions, and demanded the previous question on
their adoption:
Whereas the Constitution ofthe United Slates (article one,
section nine) provides : <( The privilege of the writ of habeas
coipiis shall not be suspended, unless when in cases of re-
bellion or nivai-ion the public >afety may require it;" and
wheieas such piovision is contained in the portion of the
Constitution defining legislative powers, and not m the pro-
visions defining executive powers; and wheieas the Consti-
tution (ai tide lour of amendments) Imtherprov.dos: "The
light of the people to be secure in their persons, houses,
papers, and effects, against umeasonnble searches and seiz-
in es, shall not be violated',''1 &c ; and whereas the Thirty-
Seven fh Congress did by act claim to confer upon the Pres-
ident ofthe United Slates the power at his will and pleasure
to suspend the privilege of the wntof habeas corpus through-
out the United Statcp, without limitation or condition*.; and
whereas the Piesidcntof the United states, by pioclamation,
has assumed to suspend such puvilegesof the citizen in the
loyal States; and wheieas the people of such States have
been subjected toarbihary airest^ without piocess of law,
and to umeasonable seatch and seizures., and have been de-
nied the right to a speedy tual and investigation, and have
languished in pii^on^ at the aibitrary plcasuie ot the Chief
Executive and his military snboidmate>: Now, therefore,
Resolved, by the House of Representatives oj the United
States, That no power is delegated by the Constitution of
the United State*, either to the legislative or executive
power, to suspend the pnvdeges ofthe writ of habeas cor-
pus m any State loyal to the Constitution and Government,
not invaded, and in which the civil and judicial powers are
in full opeiation.
2. Resolved, That Congress has no power under the Con-
stitution to delegate to the Piesident ot the United States
the authouty to suspend the pi ivilege of the writ of habeas
corpus, and'impiison at his pleasure, without process of
law oi trial, the citizens or the loyal Stare*.
3. Resolved, That the assumption of the right by the Ex-
ecutive of the United States todepnve the citizens of such
lojal States of the benefits of the writof habeas corpus, and
to'impuson them at his plea-tire, without piocess ot law,
i.-. unwoithy the progiessofthe age, is consistent only with
a despotic power unlimited by constitutional obligations,
and is wholly subversive of the elementary pnueiples of
fieedom upon which the Government of the United States
and of the several States is based.
4. Resolved, That the J udiciaiy Committee be instructed
to prepare and repouabill to this House piotectmg the
lights of the citizens in the loyal States, m strict accord-
ance with the toregomg piovi&ions of the Constitution of
the United States.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I want to state a fact 
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Would it be in order to move
to refer these resolutions to a committee on Bun-
combe when it shall be appointed? [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. It would not.
Mr. FENTON. I move to lay the resolutions
on the table.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I beg that gentle-
men will ailow us to have a direct vote on the
rosolutionsand roject them, so as to get done with
this work of laying resolutions on the table.
Mr. FENTON. I withdraw the motion to lay
on the table.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. HOLMAN called for the yeas and nays
on the resolutions.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas G7, nays 90; as follows:
YL4AS—Messrs. James C. Allen, William J. Allen, An-
cona, Augustus U. Baldwin, Rhss, Brook-, JamesS. Brown,
Chanler,' Cotfioth, Cox, <'ravens. Dawson, Dennison,
Eden, Edgeiron. Eldudge, Lngli-h, Finek, Causou, Grider,
Hall, Ilaiding, Haiimgton, Benjamin G. IJauis, Ueriiek,
Holmatij William Johnson, Keinan. Kin?, Knapp, Law,
Le Blond, Long. Mallory, Maicj, McAllister, McDowell,
McKinnev, Middleton, William II. Miller, James R. Mor-
ri-, Morilson, NeNon, Noble, Odell, John O'Neill, Pen-
dleton. I'eny, Radfoid, Samuel J. Randall, Robinson,
Rogers, Ross, Scott. John ft. Steele, William G. Steele,
Stiles, Strouse, Sweat, Voorhees, Wadswoith, Waid,
Wheeiei, Chilton A. White, Joseph W. White, Wmfield,
and Fernando Wood—67.
NAYS—.Me—is. Alley, AHs-on, Ames, Arnold, A-liley,
John D. Baldwin, Beam.in. Blaine, Blow, Boutwcll, Bran-
degee,Bioomall, William G. Brown, Ambiose VV. Clark,
Freeman CI.like, Clay, Cobb, Cole,Creswell, Henry Winter
Davis,Thomas T. Davis, Dawes, Di.\on,Donnelly, Dngy*,
Dumont, Eckley. Eliot, Fnrnsworth, denton,"Frank, Gar-
field, Gooeh, Gtlnnell, Hale, Highy, Hooper, llotchkiss,
Asahel W. llubbard, John H. fiuhliiird, nullhtrd^J&neKes,
Julian, Kasson, Kelley, Francis W. Kellogg^ Orlando ICel- ;
logg, Loan, Longyear, Lovejoy, Marvin, Meilrids, Mc-
Clurg, Mclndoe, Samuel F. Miller, Moorbead, Morrill,
Daniel Morris, Amos Myers, Leonard Myers, .Norton,
ChailesCNeill, Oiti^Perham,Pike,PomVroy,Price, VVif-
ham H. RandaM, Alexander IL Rice, John H.Rice, Edward
II. Itolhns, Schenck, Scofieid, Shannon, Sloan, Smith,
Smithers, Spanlding, Stevens, Thayer,Tracy, Vs\ji V;alkr
euburgh, Ehhu B. Washburne, William B, Washburn,
Whaley, Williams, Wilder, Wilson, Wihdom'jtmd Wood-
bridge—-90.
So the resolutions were rejected.
During the call of the roll, ; ; .
Mr. A. W. CLARK stated that Mr. LirrixEJ-
john was still confined to his room by indis'poBi-
tion.
Mr. PATTERSON, nothavingbeen within the
bar when his name was called, asked leave to vote.
Objection was made.
The result of the vote was announced as above
recorded.
BOUNTY LAND.
Mr. LAW presented a bill grantingbounty land
to the officers and soldiers engaged in the military
service of the United States during the present re-
bellion; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
GUARDIANS OF LUNATICS'.
Mr. HOOPER introduced a bill to enable guard-
ians and committees of lunatics appointed in the
several States and other countries to act within
the District of Columbia; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
TRANSPORTATION OP TROOPS, ETC.
Mr. HOLMAN submitted the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to in-
foim the IloufC whether any payments have been made to
either ofthe ibllowins-named railroad companies, namely:
the Illinois Cential Railroad Company, the Burlington and
Missouri Railroad Company, or the Mississippi and Mis-
souri Railroad Company, fortrunsporting pioperty or troops
of the United States since the 25th day of February, 1862,
and if any such payments have been made, the amount
paid to each company; and also the amount paid to each
ot sa^d companies prior to the above date, and the basis on
which said payments have been made; and that he ajso
inloim the [louse why payments have been made to said
companies in disregard of their obligation to transport prop-
erty and troops of the United States " free of toll or other
charge whatsoever."
Mr. LOVEJOY. That resolution goes over
under the rules.
Mr. HOLMAN. It goes over if the gentleman
objects. I hope that he will not object, as the res-
olution only asks for information.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I object.
Mr. HOLMAN. I withdraw my resolution.
RECIPROCITY TREATY.
Mr. MORRILL submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was read.corisideied, and agreed to:
Resulted, That the Secretary ot'the Treasury he directed
to furnish this House with any statistical infot matton rela-
tive to the piactieal operation of the so-called reciprocity
treaty wttii Great Britain which may be xn his possession.
EXCUSED FROM COMMITTEE SERVICE. .
Mr. ASHLEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to a priv-
ileged question. I see that 1 am appointed on the
select committee on the rebellious States. 1 am
already on two of the standing committees of the
House, and I therefore ask to be excused from
one of them, for it is not possible for me to serve
011 them all. 1 have just been speaking to the
former chairman of the Committee of Claims, and
he tells me that no man can do justice to claim-
ants, to himself, and to the Government, unless
he gives up all his time to the business of that
committee. As 1 am on the select committee and
on the Committee on Territories, I ask that 1 may
be excused from service on the Committee ot
Claims.
It was ordered accordingly.
PROVISIONAL MILITARY GOVERNMENTS.
Mr. ASHLEY. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House for leave to introduce a bill to pro-
vide for the establishment of provisional military
governments over the district of country declared
by the President's proclamation to be in rebellion
against the Government of the United States, and
to authorize the loyal citizens thereof to organize
State govei nments, republican in form, and for
other purposes.
