1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1001
if this cannot be conceded to me, I will join the
attacking party, for, as to holding myself out to
the world as a friend of the Administration whose
responsible friends sit here silent day after day
under these charges* I think I can get into better
company; I can go to the Opposition, which,
whether they are guilty of larceny or not, do not
confess it, and I shall improve my associations
by so much any how.
Now, sir, th<  Senate will bear me witness that
I do not occupy a great deal of its time; not
enough to warrant any Senator in animadverting
upon my course when I do occupy a little of its
time. Besides, sir, this remains to be said, that
I was not sent here by New Jersey nor to speak
when New Jersey appointed; I was senthere by
the State of Wisconsin, and the people of that
State supposed that I had the ability to know when
to speak and when to hold my peace. Atall events,
if 1 disappoint them in that, I am amenable to the
people of. Wisconsin, and they will appropriately
deal with me. I do not choose to subject myself
to any other jurisdiction.
Mr. TEN JEYCK. The Senate will bear with
me in one single word. I assure the Senator and
every other Senator on this floor that nothing was
further from my thought than to utter a word that
would be unpleasant or disagreeable to any gen-
tleman here. 1 do not think my antecedents would
lead gentlemen hastily to conclude that such was
my design or my desire. I wished to allude
pleasantly to the fact of the quiet position I oc-
cupy on this floor, and in a tew pleasant words
.to endeavor to call back the debate from the range
it had taken to the point before the Senate. It
would be the last thing 1 should undertake to do
in this world, to express an opinion derogatory
to the character or conduct of any Senator on this
floor, or the course he desited to pursue in rela-
tion to debate. I declaied when I lose, and in
good faith, that it gave mcgieat pleasure to listen
patiently to the discussions as they go on fiom
day to day, and I have listened with pleasure to-
day, and 1 acquiesced in the feeling of the Senator
from Wisconsin when he repelled the attacks and
assaults that were made on the present Adminis-
tration.
I trust, with these remarks, that the Senator and
the Srnate itself will be assured that I could have
no such feeling or want of discretion, so far as to
undertake to lecture or to lash any one upon this
floor for the conduct that lie might see fit to pursue
on this or any other occasion.
Mr. HOWE, i ought to say, perhaps, in reply
to the Senator from New Jersey, that if he did not
mean to whip me, I am really sorry I took the
whipping:, and 1 will not take it again.
Mr. HALE. 1 ask the unanimous consent of
the Senate to §ay a word about the question that
is before the body. I think the amendment of
the Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Doolittle] is
an improvement upon the present condition of
things, because, as the thing is now administered,
there is no law; and \ think it is better to have
some law, even a bad one, than allow the Depart-
ment to go on without any. But, sir, how long
is this war to last? The amendment of the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin is based on the supposition
that we are to send young men into the Military
Academy now and keep them there four or five
years to qualify them to go into the field and help
to put down this rebellion. That reminds me of
a caiicature which I have seen somewhere, in
which a venerable gentleman was represented as
planting acorns to raise oaks to build a navy to
put down this rebellion. If this rebellion be not
put down before these young men who go into
the Academy now shall stay there four years to
qualify themselves to put it down, we arc at a sad
pass. I would not admit, even among ourselves
m secret session, that there was such a possibil-
ity, because if you admit that you admit what I
should be very soriy to have admitted even by
implication.
If tins is not necessary in order to put down the
rebellion, I ask those gentlemen who were so care-
ful of the public Treasury the other day when a
proposition was made to raise the pay of the clerks
of the paymasters in the Navy, who were against
increasing expenses then, not to increase expenses
by increasing the number of these students at
West Point. That is all I have to say.
Mr. COLLAMER. I rise really with a view
to make some inquiries that I may understand tho
point upon which we are about to vote. I under-
stand the proposition of the Senator from New
Hampshire to be that the pay appropriated shall
not hereafter be paid to any cadets except those
appointed according to law. I wish to inquire
what is the use of the word " hereafter" as it is
used in the amendment. I have looked at the
amendment, and as that word is there inserted it
means nothing.
Mr, HALE. I do not know where the word
" hereafter" is putin the amendmentat the desk;
but I will explain to the Senator what I propose
by it. I understand that there are at this moment
at the Military Academy young men being sup-
ported by the 'Government who are not legally
there.
Mr. COLLAMER. tou mean to provide that
those men shall not be paid?
Mr. HALE. That was the way that I first of-
fered the amendment; but after the suggestions
that have been made, I am willing to qualify the
amendment so as to say that none of the money
appropriated shall be applied to the payment of
any cadets who shall be hereafter appointed other-
wise than according to law.
Mr. COLLAMER. Then the word "here-
after" should be inserted before the word " ap-
pointed;" but as the word " hereafter" now stands
inserted in the amendment,as the gentleman will
see on looking at it, it means just nothing atall. It
says now that the money hereby appropriated
shall not hereafter be paid to any one illegally ap-
pointed. The money hereby appropriated is al-
ways to be pnid hereafter; it never can be paid in
any other way, t take it. I leave the Senator to
arrange the collocation of the words and the order
in which he desires the words of his amendment
to stand, and then I shall wish to be heard some-
what further about it.
Mr. HALE. I will read my amendment as I
have now altered it:
And he it further enacted, That no port of the money
heieby appioptiated .-halt he applied to the Mjppoit m pny
of :iny cadets hereafter appointed not m cnnfoniury with
the expiod prowsiuns ot IdW.
Mr. COLLAMER. That may do well enough.
There may have been appointments irregularly
made, but 1 should not think of visiting any con-
sequence,? of that kind upon the appointees, the
young men who have gone there by regular war-
rants coming from the Executive, and are serving
there, who did not know, and perhaps could not
know, that the manner of thuirappointment was
contrary to any regulation of law. I have no ob-
jection, however, to the amendment as it. now
stands, protesting that no moie such appoint-
ments shall be made. I am willing that the pro-
test shall be put in this place, following the ex-
ample of the good old justice who told the lawyer
that he had concluded to give him judgment in
this case about these guns, but gave him fair no-
tire that he must not bnn^ any more suits unless
he had some evidence to support thern. [Laugh-
ter.] That way fair play. This is giving notice
not lo make any more iriegular appointments, but
I have no objection to that.
Then we have the amendment of the Senator
from Wisconsin, (Mr. Doolittlk.] I do not un-
derstand that as I hear other gentlemen speak of
it. I do not understand that that authorizes the
President to appoint two cadets from any district,
or to increase the number at all. The law as it
now stands, if I understand it alight, is that one
cadet shall be nppomted from each congressional
district, who shall be a resident of the district.
There is no provision in that law that lie shall be
selected hv the Representative of the district. I
know the practice is for the Depaitment to con-
sult the Representative of the district, but there is
no lav.* of that kind. The Presidentis to appoint
a certain number, twenty I think, at large, annu-
ally, and he is to appoint one for each congres-
sional distiict, who shall be a resident of the dis-
trict—that is ail: that is the present Jaw. Now,
if { understand it might, the proposition of the
Senator from Wisconsin is, that during the pres-
ent war, in relation to concessional districts that
are not represented in the other House, the Pres-
ident himself may make selections from the Army:
not to put another one m, not to have two for a
distiict, but, instead of selecting residents of the
district, to let the President select persons in the
Armv. Do I understand that aright5
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Yes, sir.
Mr. COLLAMER. Then the suggestion
which I have heard all around me several Cirffes
that it is a proposition to authorise^ the appoint-
ment of twoisnotso. I baveaio^bjection to
amendment as I understand it-., ;Itdo;es notaltey
the existing law,except that it authorises the Pres-
ident to select for the unrepresented districts per-
sons who are not residents of the district**
is all the difference. 1 do not see thfititisn^eg's-
sary to strike out the amendment of the Senator
from New Hampshire and substitute this for It.
Both of them may stand, and stand consistently*
I am therefore inclined to vote for each of them
and both of them.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. On the suggestion of tEe
Senator from Vermont, then, I will move my
amendment as an addition to the amendment of
the Senator from New Hampshire as it now
stands.
Mr. GRIMES. I suggest to the Senator from
Wisconsin to append to his proposition, "to be
apportioned among the respective States as near
as may be to the population thereof." -;
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have no objection to tHat
modification, and will accept it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Amendment
will be so modified; and the Senator-now offers
it to be added to the amendment submitted by the
Senator from New Hampshire.
Mr. CONNESS. I submit that the amend-
ment of the Senator from New Hampshire is still
obnoxious to the objection that I made to it, as
ruling out by strict application cadets appointed
from the State at large and not from congressional
districts.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not at all.
Mr. CONNESS. Not at all, the Senator says.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Because it does not ap,
ply to them in the future.
Mr. CONNESS. Very well. Suppose the
State is not distiicted next year; what then?
Mr. FESSENDEN. They will stand just as
they do now.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is on the amendment as amended.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to have it
read as it stands.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That no part of the money here-
by appropriated shall be applied to the support or pay of any
cadets hereafter appointed not in conformity with the ex-
press piovisions of Jaw regulating appointments of cadets at
that Academv; and that until the rebellion is suppressed,
the Piesident *ha!l beauthoiized to appoint a cadet (breach
concessional dstrict not represented™ the House of Kcp-
re=eijt:Uiv«!>', to he sclmed Horn the meritorious and de-
serving yonn? soldieis in the regular or volunteer forces of
the United States, to be apportioned among the respective
States a~ near as may be according to the population oftbe
said States.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in and or-
dered to be engrossed, and the bill to be read a
third time. It was read the third time, and passed.
MESSACM2 FROM THE HOUSE.
| A message from the House of Representatives,
j by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
! the House of Representatives had agreed-to the
! report of the committee of conference on the dis-
| agreeing votes of the two Houses on the bill (H.
' R. No. 156) to supply deficiencies in the appro-
priations for the service of the fiscal year ending
the 30th of June, 1SG4.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
of the Hoiisp of Representatives had signed the
following bills: which thereupon received the sig-
nature of the Vice Piesulent:
A bill (H. R. No. 116) in relation to univer-
sity lands in Washington Territory; and
A bill (H. R. No. 156) to supply deficiencies
in rhe appropriations for the service of the fiscal
year ending the 30th of June, 1864, and for other
purposes.
{ * BILL DECOMI5 A LAW.
The messnge further announced that the Presi-
dent of the United States had approved and signed
on the ll!h instant a bill (H. 11. No. 296) for the
benefit of John Dickson, of Illinois.
HOtfSK BILLS RKF3SKEED.
The following bills from the House of Re pre-
