1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
i<ai
have for the time being forgotten all party prcju-
dices in their devotion to our common country;
who, scorning the scoffs and anathemas of their
old party associates, have known nothing but
duty. All honor to these noble men! They will
be gratefully remembered when those who now
maligin them will wish to blot their present record
from the book of remembrance.
Mr. Speaker* the times in which we live are
full of interest and big with mighty issues. No
man alive to what is transpiring around us can
fail to perceive that what these wicked traitors
meant tor evil God is overruling for ultimate
good. The principles enunciated by Jefferson in
the Declaration of independence have slowly per-
meated the public mind, tili now they are pulsa-
ting in every nerve and fiber of the body-politic,
and demanding in the halls of legislation com-
plete recognition.
The institution of human bondage isafoulblot
upon our otherwise glorious system of govern-
ment. It is subversive of the plainest principles
of national economy as well as opposed to the
moral sense and great Christian heart of the civil-
ized world. The dccreo has gone forth from the
throne of the Almighty, as evinced in the provi-
dences of this war, that slavery mwt cease with the
last struggle of the rebellion. We may shut our
eyes to the logic of events, and fight against the
teachings of the last three years, but all to no
purpose. The very measures resorted to by its
friends to prolong its life hasten its dissolution.
.We may try to crush the rising spiritof freedom,
but it is a rock against which men and parties
may dash themselves to pieces in the future as
they have done in the past.
" Light is flashing through the darkness,
Day is pouring on the nations,
Bondmen bieak their heavy burdens,
And the hopeful fry of Freedom—
Freedom Cor the sad and lowly,
Freedom for the pure and holy,
Freedom for the sighing bondman,
Freedom for the serf and subject,
Freedom from the bonds of eiror,
Freedom from the night ut* terror—
Hopeful songs of coming Freedom,
Rise from million touguen around us."
Mr. KERNAN. Mr. Speaker, my remarks will
oeconfined to the bill under consideration, which,
in my judgment, involves questions of great im-
portance, and therefore I ask the attention of the
House to its provisions. It is entitled "A bill to
guaranty to certain States whose governments
have been usurped or overthrown a republican
form of government." The first section declares
that the President with the consent of the Senate
shall appoint for each of these States a provis-
ional Governor, ''who shall be charged with the
civil administration of such State until a State
government therein shall be recognized as here-
inafter provided."
The second section provides " that so soon as
the military resistance to the United States shall
have been suppressed in any State, and the people
thereof shall have sufficiently returned to tljeir
obedience to the Constitution and laws of the
United States," the provisional Governor shall
cause the marshal of the United States to enroll
all white male citizens of the United States resi-
dent in the State,and to request each to take the
oath to support the Constitution of the United
States, and in the enrollment to designate those
who take and thotffc who refuse to take that oath.
This enrollment is to be returned to the provis-
ional Governor; and if the persons taking the
oath shall amount to one tenth of those enrolled,
he shall by proclamation invite the loyal people
of the State to elect delegates to "a convention
charged to declarc the will of the people of the
State relative to the establishment of a State gov-
ernment, subject to and in conformity with the
Constitution of the United States."
By the third section the convention is to con-
sist of the number of members which constituted
the last constitutional State Legislature, who are
to be apportioned by the provisional Governor
among the counties of the State. The provisional
Governor is to designate the time and the places
for holding the election, to appoint commission-
ers to hold it at each place for voting, and to pro-
vide an adequate force to keep the peace.
The fourth section declares that the delegates
shall be elected by the loyal white male citizens
of the United States, of the age of twenty-one
years, resident ut the time in the district in which
they shall offer to vote, and enrolled as aforesaid,
or absent in the military service of the United
States, and who shall take the oath prescribed by
the act of Congress of July 2, 1862. Those in
the military service are to vote at the headquar-
ters of their respective commands, under such reg-
ulations as may be prescribed by the. provisional
Governor. This section further provides that no
person who has held any office, civil or military,
State or confederate, under the rebel usurpation,
or who has borne arms against theUnited States,
shall vote or be elected as a delegate.
Section five provides that persons known by or
proved to the commissioners holding the election
to have held any office, civil or military, State or
confederate, under the rebel usurpation, or to
have borne arms against the United States, shall
be oxcluded by the commissioners from voting,
akhough they offer to take the oath prescribed.
The sixth section directs the provisional Gov-
ernor to convene the delegates elected, to admin-
ister to each of them the oath above mentioned,
and he is.to preside over the deliberations of the
con vention.
The seventh section is as follows: -
And be it further enacted, That the convention shall de-
clare, on behalf of the people of the State, their submis-
sion to the Constitution and laws of the United States, and
shall adopt the following provisions, heichy proscribed by
the United State* in the execution of the constitutional
duty to guaranty a republican form of government to every
State in this Union, and incorporate them in the constitu-
tion of the State, that is to say: 1. No person who has held
or exercised any officc, civil or military, State or confecl-
fiate, under the usurping power, shall vote for or be a
member of the Legislature, or Governor. 2. Involuntary
servitude is foiever piohibited, and the freedom of all p«i-
sous isgtiarantied m said State. 3. No debt, State or con-
federate, crcatcd by or undei tlie sanction of the usurping
power, shall be lecognlzed oi paid by the State.
The eighth declares that when the convention
shall have adopted the a'oove provisions "it shall
pioceed to reestablish a republican form of gov-
ernment and ordain a constitution containing
those provisions," which shall be submitted to
the people of the State, entitled to vote under this
act, at an election to be held in the manner pre-
scribed for the election of delegates. - The pro-
visional Governor is to canvass the votes, and if
a majority thereof shall be in favor of the new
constitution he shall certify that fact to the Pres-
ident of the United States, who, after obtaining
the assent of Congress, shall by proclamation
recognize the government so established, and
none other, as the constitutional government of
the State; "and from the time of such recogni-
tion, and not before," the State maybe repre-
sented in the Congress of the United States.
By the ninth section it is provided " that if the
convention shall refuse to reestablish the State gov-
ernment on the conditions aforesaid the provisional
Governor shall declare it dissolved." But the
President, "whenever he shall have reason to be-
lieve that a sufficient number of the people of the
State entitled to vote under this act, in number
not less than one tenth of those who voted at the
presidential election of 1860, are willing to rees-
tablish a State government on the conditions afore-
said," shall direct the provisional Governor to
order another election for delegates and hold an-
other convention to proceed in the same manner
as the first and upon the same conditions.
The tenth section declares that until a State
government shall be formed as above prescribed
and recognized by the United States, the provis-
ional Governor in each of these States shall "see
that this act and the laws of the United States and
the laws of the State in force when the State gov-
ernment was overthrown by the rebellionare faith-
fully executed;" but no law or usage whereby
any person was held to involuntary service shall
be recognized or enforced by any court or officer
in such State; and it directs the President of the
United States to "appoint such officers provided for
by the laws of the State when its government was
overthrown as he may find necessary to the civil
administration of the State, all which officers shall
be entitled to receive the fees and emoluments
provided by the State laws for such officers."
The eleventh section provides that until the
recognition of the State government as aforesaid
" the provisional GovernorshalUundersuch regu-
lations as he may prescribe,cause to be assessed,
levied, and collected for the year 1864 and every
year thereafter, the taxes provided by the laws of
such Stale to be levied during the fiscal year pre-
ceding the overthrow of the State government, in
the manner prescribed' by the'lawfs of-"the" Staters
nearly as may be;- and the officers appointed as
aforesaid are "vested with all the powers'<Jf levy-
ing and collecting1 such -raxes by distress or sale
as were vested in any officers or tribunals of the
State governments as aforesaid for those pur-
poses." These taxes are to be applied by the
provisional Governor, under the direction-of the
President, to paying the expenses ofadmiriistei-iiig
the laws of the State, and the surplus to be paid
into the Treasury of the United States, to be paid
•to the State when it shall establish a State gov-
ernment on the conditions prescribed! by the act.
- The twelfth and thirteenth seetionsemancipate
all persons held to involuntary service in these
States; "declare them and their posterity forever
free; provide that the writ of habeas eorfius shall
be issued to liberate-them if restrained' their
liberty, and"subjects -persons restraining them of
their liberty to punishment by fine and imprison-
ment. • • '
■ The fourteenth section is that every person who
shall hereafter hold or exercise any office eivil-or
military in the rebelservice, State or confederate,
is hereby declared not to bfea citizen of the United
States. ' • _
It will be observed, Mr. Speaker, that this is
not a bill which is to be applicable to these Slates
only while rebellion and military resistance
against the authority of the United States exists
within them, nor is it applicable only to the peo-
ple in those States who are disloyal to the Federal
Government. On the contrary, its leading pro-
visions are to become-applicable to these'States,
in the language of its second seciion, " when
military resistance to the United States shall have
been suppressed in any State, and the people
thereof shall have sufficiently returned to their
obedience to the Constitution and laws of the
United States." According to the bill, when that
time, so much to be desired by every lover of his
country, shall arrive, the loyal people in these
States, those who are recognized by this bill as
loyal citizens of the United States, qualified to
vote and administer their State governments, ore
not to be permitted to resume and exerciau the
right of local State government 111 accordance with
the State constitution and laws existing when ilie
rebellion broke out, they are not to be'allowed >o
make a new State constitution subject only to the
Constitution of the United States; but, 011 the
contrary, they are to be ruled overand their local
State government administered by a provisional
Governor and officers appointed by the President,
until they consent to and do make a new consti-
tution for their State in accordance with the dic-
tation of the President and Congress as to certain
matters.
Although the rebellious power is overthrown-^
as it must be in the State before the bill can go
into operation; although all resistance to the Fed-
eral Government IS suppressed; although the peo-
ple have returned to their obedience to the Consti-
tution and laws of theUnited States; nevertheless,
unless they make a constitution containing the
three provisions prescribed in this bill, they are io
be governed by officers appointed by the Presi-
dent, who is to fill all the civil offices provided for
by the State laws which were in force when the
rebellion began. These officers are to execute the
State laws; and there is to be no power within
the State to change or alter these laws.
I call attention to this because, as was said last
evening- by the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Stevens,] this bill recognizes that these
States are in existence-, and that their ri spective
State constitutions and laws aie in force the mo-
ment the usurped power ot those in rebellion is
overthrown,and the offices crcatcd by-theconsti-
tution and laws of the State are to be tilled by the
President, the foes authorized by the Slate l.iws
are to be paid to these appointees, taxes are to be
levied and collected by virtue of State laws, the
State laws are to be enforced, but the loyal citi-
zens of the State, those who by the bill are recog-
nized as loyal, can take 110 part in their Stale
government unless they will make a new Slate
constitution such as we choose to prescribe.
Mr. BOUT WELL. Mr. Speaker, I believe
the gentleman from New York will agree with
me that there is a provision in this bill by svhion
a number less than a majority can take "the gov-
ernment of the State into their own hands.
Mr. KERNAN. Certainly.
