THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 17,
April. The only question is, will you enforce it
ori that day ? ,
Mr. HOVVARD. I wish the Senator from Ohio
ihf6rrin;us,if he can do so, what amountof
duties we sh^ll/'prcibably reftiit by giving'effeet to
-the law ontjr ort the 30th. ,
Mr. SHERMAN, I have! (In information what-
evferas to the amount-on the 30th.! '
' ftfr. HOWARE)] I have understood that it
would b^"it ■very considerable amount.
' Mr. SHERMAN: I suppose as there was
great hurry'ai that time to avoid the passage of
'the joirit resolution, it would be probably pretty
■large,'Buthave rfo information on that subject.
Mr.TRUMBULL. "I suppose there is very
little use to try and contend against the report of
the Finance Committee on this subject. I believe
they have every tiling pretty much their own way.
It is Very clear, I think, from the statement made
by the Senator from Ohio, that it would be uhjust
to charge this increased duty on goods that were
taken out or entered at the custom-house on the
29th; but because theresolution was not approved
on that day, and it would be unjust to charge the
increased duties for that day before the resolution
was approved by the President, is that any rea-
son why we should not charge the duty on the
30th ? That is the question. 1 apprehend no one
would object' to exempting from this increased
duty the goods upon which duties were paid ori
the 29th, because in fact the resolution was not
approved (luring the business hours of the 29th,
but how that should furnish a reason for not col-
lecting the duties on the 30th I cannot conceive,
any more than on the 1st of May, or any more
than on the 30th of May. It is competent, I sup-
pose, for Congress to release all the goods from
this additional duty which have been entered
since the 29th day of April hist, but I can see no
reason for tins .exemption on the 30th more than
on any other day.
What is the fact about it? The fact about it
is (hey knew and understood perfectly well in
the city of New York that these duties were to lie
increased. They knew all about Hon the morn-
ing of the 30th; the merchants understood it in
New York, and weiei ushing their goods through
Ihecustom-house as rapidly as possible; but the
custom-house itself did not officially promulgate
it until one o'clock on that day. The Senator
from Ohio knows perfectly well that they knew
all over New York that this joint resolution was
a law before one o'clock. The merchants under-
stood it; but it was not officially promulgated.
Well, sir, I do not suppose it would have been
officially promulgated in half the nation up to this
time 
Mr.SHERMAN. I beg leave to inform the
Senator that we did not know it ourselves; 1 did
not know it until it was formally proclaimed after-
twelve o'clock on Saturday. It is true the Presi-
dent signed it the previous evening, but the fact
that it had received hissignnture was not promul-
gated here in the Senate until.after twelve o'clock
on Saturday.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Perhaps Senators did not
know it, but the merclmntsin New York under-
wood it,
Mr. SHERMAN. I doubt very much whether
they watched the President's signature; perhaps
they did.
Mr. TRUMBULL. My understanding was,
from the statement which the Senator made, that
they knew it.
Mr. SHERMAN. No; I said theactual fact of
the approval occurred at seven o'clock. The
House committee sent to the President to ascer-
tain the time when lie approved the joint resolu-
tion, and he said " seven o'clock in the evening;"
but it was not, as the Senator must know, offi-
cially promulgated to the Senate here until the
next day at twelve o'clock. We do not know
any thing about the time of the approval of acts
by the President until they are sent here, and yet
they take effect from the moment of their ap-
proval. In my opinion, this is a simple act of
equity appealing to the sense of the Senate.
'Mr. SUMNER. 1 have a memorandum of the
dates which I should like to read to the Senate.
The resolution was approved and became a law
on the evening of the 29th of April, at about seven
o'clock. It was not made known in Now York
and Boston until April 30, at thirty minutes past
one o'clock p. m. At the portofSalem in Massa-
chusetts—which, as the Senator from Illinois
knows, is a considerable importing place—it was
not known until the evening of Monday, May 2.
On these several days, at these several ports,-and
probably at others, goods were entered and duties
paid under the tariff act of July, 1862; and the
first knowledge the importers had (many of
whom had sold goods to arrive) of the increased
duties, was by notice from the collectors to. come
in and pay the additional 50 per cent.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The statement read by
the Senator from Massachusetts shows the im-
propriety of adopting this amendment, because
in Salem they did not find it out until the evening
of the 2d day of May.
Mr. SUMNER. No; I said until the evening
of the 30th.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir; you did not read
it so; read that portion of it again, if you please.
Mr. SUMNER. " It was not made known in
New York and Boston until April 30, at thirty
minutes past one o'clock." That was on Satur-
day.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Go on.
Mr. SUMNER. "At the port of Salem, in
Massachusetts, it was not known until the even-
ing of Monday, May 2."
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then if this amendment
is adopted, what is the effect of it? The Sena-
tor's constituents in Salem, Massachusetts, knew
nothing of this joint resolution, and paid their
duties on Monday under the old law, and now
he is going to compel thein to pay over again;
but he is going to release the merchants in New
York, who paid under the same circumstances,
from paying anything except what was required
by law prior to the passage of this joint resolu-
tion. That is the effect of the legislation. I am
very much obliged to the Senator from Massa-
chusetts for reading the dates; it shows the ab-
surdity of the legislation. I have no doubt it will
he found that there are numerous cases all over
the United States, not only in Salem, but at St.
Louis and Chicago and San Francisco and other
places, where duties were paid on Monday with-
out any knowledge of the passage of this joint
resolution. - I'do not know how you can refuse
with the information we have now got, and I
should think the Senator would move to amend
his resolution so as to allow the duties which
were paid in Salem on the 2d day of May to be
paid under the old law. It seems to me he is
bound to do it, to act equitably and consistently.
But, sir, I do not suppose that 1 shall be able
by anything I can say to change the views of the
Senate. 1 will move to amend the amendment
by striking out the word "after," so that the
joint resolution will not take effect until the 30th
of April. I think the increased duties ought not
to be required on the 29th, because the resolution
was not approved during the business hours of
that day.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then theresolution willin-
clude the whole of the 30th?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir.
Mr. JOHNSON. Now, Mr. President, in
point of fact most of those goods, in New York
particularly, and the large importingplaces, were
actually sold alter the duties were paid, and the
prices charged to the purchaser by the vendor
were regulated by the tact that the goods were
supposed to be liable to the duty imposed by the
existing act.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Mary-
land will observe that the same thing existed on
the 2d day of May.
Mr. JOHNSON. X know, but you must fix
some time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the law is to go into
effect when the notice reaches the port, then make
it so; but do not pass a law for the protection of
importers in the city of New York, and under
piecisely the same circumstances deny it in Sa-
lem, Massachusetts.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The factsaboutthis mat-
ter are very simple. 1 do not know how it was
m Salem. They are fifteen miles from Boston,
with a railroad running half a dozen timesaday,
and a telegraphic communication besides; and if it
was known at Boston at one o'clock on Saturday
that this joint resolution had become a law, and
Chey did not know it at Salem, fifteen miles off,
until Mondity night, they ought to pay the duties.
[Laughter.]
Mr. JOHNSON. They ought to pay for theiir
stupidity. [Laughter.]
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir.
Mr. President, the facts are simply these: the
joint resolution was signed by the President at
seven o'clock on Friday evening. Nothing was
known about it, and no notice came into the Sen-
ate until after twelve o'clock on Saturday, so far
as we were concerned. It was not telegraphed to
New York or known in New York until about
one o'clock on Saturday. In the mean time the
merchants had been paying the old duties, and
taking out their goods and selling them, when,lo
and behold,under the instructionshe received by
telegraph—I do not dispute their propriety—the
collector of New York said to them, " You who
have entered your goods npt only to-day but all
day yesterday must pay me the amount of duties
which you should have paid if it had been known
even during the day before the resolution was
signed at all, and before you knew anythingabout
it." They had taken them out, paid the duties,
sold the goods, and then were called upon to pay
the advance duty on a thing they did not know
anything about, and in the mean time here was the
fact about it.
The Secretary of the Treasury, sharp as he is
to get every dollar that it is possible to get, recog-
nizes at once the propriety and justice of declar-
ing that this act shall not go into effect until after
the 30th of April under the circumstances, and
after the 30th of April carries it over until the
business hours of Monday, the 2d of May. That
is lime enough, unquestionably, to reach every
part of this country where there are telegraphic
communications; and that is all that I think in
justice ought to be done. If we find hereafter that,
owing to any accident, there has been any par-
ticular injustice anywhere, we can remedy it by
legislation; but this is as much as can safely bo
done now, and this we recommend. It is recom-
mended by the committees of both Houses and
by the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. MORGAN. I shall support the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Ohio, and for
this reason: this joint resolution having been
previously passed by the House of Representa-
tives, was passed by the Senate on the 28th of
April, just before the adjournment. Of course it
was known all over the country that the bill had
passed both Houses, hut it was not known that
it had been approved by the President. In New
York—I can answer for New York, and I pre-
sume it was so elsewhere—the merchants applied
to the collector on the 29th and on the 30th to
know whether thg§ were to pay the new duties
or the old ones, and the collector told tkem lie
could take none but the old duties; he knew of
none other. That was on the morning of the 30th.
He did not know that the resolution had been ap-
proved by the President. The merchants there-
upon went on and paid their duties up to one
o'clock or half past one o'clock on that day. Cer-
tainly as far as they pakt their duties they ought
to be exempted, and it is very clear we ought not
to divide a day. I shall therefore vote for the
amendment of the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. HOWE. This matter has been so much
discussed that it is utterly impossible that any-
thing new can be said about it. I am not going
to attempt to say a new thing; but I want to re-
peat one thing that I said before to the Senate.
I recognize as much as any one the propriety
of the punciple just asserted by the chairman of
the Committee on Finance, that these men who,
in ignorance of this law, in the city of New York,
entered their goods and paid their duties on the
morning of the 29th, without notice of the pas-
sage of this resolution, ought to have them re-
mitted. They had settled with the Government;
they had taken possession of their goods; many
of them had sold them. But I cannot see why
the same rule does not apply to merchants in every^
other port who had in fact acted in ignorance ot
this law, whether they did it on the 29th or 30th
of April or the 1st or 2d day of the succeeding
month, or any other. The Government enacted
this law; the Government appoints these collect-
ors; the Government ought to advise the collect-
ors of the state of the law and of what duties
they should collecton these goods; and therefore,
if we concede the propriety of remitting these
duties in New York, we should remit them every-
where.
