2068
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE..
May 3,
, Mr. BOUTWELL. What I desire to ask the
gentleman is whether, in his judgment, if that
number cannot be found, Congress should yield
up the government of these rebellious districts to*
the people who refuse to acknowledge the Con-
stitution and laws of the United States ?
Mr. KERNAN. No,sir. This bill provides
that one tenth of the male citizens ofeacli of these
States shall take the oath to support the Consti-
tution of the United States before there shall be
an election and convention. 1 am not contending
that there should not be at least this proportion
of the people loyal to the Union and Constitution
before the.y can properly resume the administra-
tion oftheir State governments. The pointl was
- suggesting is that by the provisions of the bill
under consideration, although the one tenth or
one half or all the citizens of one of these States
shall cease all resistance, submit to the authority
of the Constitution and lawsof the United States,
and take the oath of allegiance required, they are
not permitted to resume the administration of
their State government under its old constitution,
or to be represented in the Federal Government,
or to frame a new constitution for their State, in
accordance with that of the United States, unless
they incorporate in that new constitution certain
provisions which by this bill we dictate to them,
und which relate to matters within the exclusive
nuthotity of the people of the State.
Mr. ASHLEY. I desire to say to the gentle-
man from New York that so far as the House
committee are concerned they have determined to
make the same requirements apply to all States
alike hereafter to be admitted. Colorado, Ne-
bra.sk:i, and Nevada are all required to comply
with these same conditions.
Mr. ICEltNAN. The admission of a State
formed out of territory belonging to the United
States is nota parallel case. The States to which
the bill under consideration is to apply arc exist-
ing States; the bill recognizes them as such. They
are not to be readmitted to the Union; they are
now in law a part of the Union. We are carrying
on this war to enforce the authoiity of the Con-
stitution and laws over them. When resistance
ceases, when the usurped authority of those in re-
bellion in these States is overthrown, the consti-
tution and laws of the Stale which existed when
the rebellion arose will be again in force and vigor, !
and should be administered by those citizens of
the State who never joined in the rebellion, and
those who by amnesty are relieved from the pen-
allies of treason.
Mr. Speaker, in my judgment this bill is in vio-
lation and subversive of the fundamental princi-
ples upon which both our national and State gov-
ernments are founded. The Government of the
United States is partly national and partly federal
in its characteristics, in the sources from which
it derives its poweis itis partly federal and partly
national; in the extent of these powers it is not
national; it has notall the powers of government,
only those granted to it by the Constitution. In
the exercise and operation of its powers it is na-
tional. Its authouty is operative upon the indi-
vidual citizen, not upon the States composing the
Union. The General Government does not en-
force the Constitution and laws of the United States
against the States, but upon the individual citi-
zens. The importance ot'this was fully understood
by the framers of the Constitution. In recom-
mending its adoption in the Federalist, they point
out the inherent weakness ami evil consequences
ot the want ot power m the General Government
of prior confederacies to enforce their legitimate
authority without coming in direct conilict with
the Suites composing them. This was the great
defect in the Grecian confederacy and the Ger-
manic league. The confeiieiate government legis-
lated forStates. Itcould notenfoice its commands
upon individuals, but was compelled to require
States to obey.and when they failed or lefuscd to
comply with the laws and decrees of the Federal
Government, and the latter attempted to enforce
obedience, civil war was the consequence.
The same difficulty existed m the Union formed i
under the Articles of Confederation, and the evil !
consequences were already felt when the Constitu- i
lion was proposed. The framers of the Consti- |
tulion, therefore, intended to and did avoid this j
source of weakness and cause ot collision between ]
the Federal Governmentand theStates by giving j
to the Conner full power to enfoice the authority I
granted to it upon individuals, making it in this
respect national and not federal m its character.
The powers granted to the Government of the
United States by the Constitution were confined
to national purposes and objects. As to these
powers it is sovereign and supreme, and right-
fully commands and can compel the obedience
of every citizen of every State. But it has no
right to interfere with the people of any State in
the formation or administration oftheir State gov-
ernment. Congress has no right to dictate to a
State what shall be the provisions of its State con-
stitution. When Congress does so, and the Fed-
eral Government attempts to compel the people of
the States to submit to its decrees in this respect,
a revolution is attempted in the Government as
it was established under the Constitution. The
sole power granted to the national in reference to
State governments is contained in the clause by
which each State is to be guarantied a republican
form of government. Subject to this provision or
condition, the right of the people of each State to
retain the old or form a new State constitution
and government is absolute. They do not derive
it from the Federal Government. Itis inherent in
them; they never parted with it. Congress has no
more right to dictate to the people of an existing
State the provisions which their State constitu-
tion shall contain than it has to interfere in regu-
lating the tenure by which property shall be held
or transmitted in the State, or in declaring what
shall be the relations of husband and wife, or
parent and child. Under our system, power is
derived by the national Government from the
States and the people, it does not confer power
upon the people of the States to make, alter, or
administer their State governments, nor can it
impose conditionsupon them in reference to these
matters, except that they shall be in accordance
with and subject to the Constitution of the United
Slates. The people of theStates have neversur-
rendered their right to regulate all local State
matters as they please.
Where, then, is our authority to say to the
people ofa Slate that they may make a new con-
stitution if they will make it with provisions like
those prescribed in the bill under consideration,
or that they shall not change their constitution or
exercise the rights of local self-govei nment unless
they do so as we dictate?
In the giant of power to the Federal Govern-
ment it is expressly provided that the powers not
delegated by the Constitution to the United States
nor prohibited by it to the States are reserved to
the States respectively or the people. The inten-
tion was by this to make it cleartiiat the people in
the respective States possessed and retained the
rightof self-government, exceptso far as they had
delegated or limited this right. Certain powers ne-
cessary for national pui poses were granted to the
FedeialGovernment. All others were retained by
the people of each State, and they may exercise
them in reference to State matters without interfer-
ence or control. This reservation of power was in-
tended to be and is the safeguard of the liberty of the
people. While the people of each State retain and
exercise this power, there can be no consolida-
tion of authority in the Federal Government which
could be made dangerous to the liberty of the peo-
ple or the rights of the States, and any attempt by
the majonty of the people of the United States to
wrong 01- oppress the people of a particular State
through the action of the Federal Government
will fail. Hut if Congress, the representative of
the people of all the States, may interfere in refer-
ence to State governments, then the people of each
State will not govern themselves as to their local
matters as they please, but may be required to do
so accoidnig to the dictation of the people of the
other States.
1 submit, therefore, that this bill is at war with
the principles upon which the Fedeial Govern-
ment rests, and is subversive of the State gov-
ernments and the reserved rights of the people of
each State to change and administer them. If Con-
gress may impose upon the people of a State the
conditions prescribed by this bill as conditions
precedent to the exercise of their right to main-
tain, form, or administer a Stategovernment, we
may requne them to ordain as a part of a State
constitution almost any other provision. Con-
gress has no such power. As to States, and the
local governments established by the people in
them, the Federal Government has no power ex-
cept to protect the people in the peaceable en-
joyment of the republican government which
they have established there for themselves. The
Constitution of the United States is based upon
preexisting State governments which the people
of the respective States may maintain orchangeat
pleasure, being only bound to have them repub-
lican. in character, subject to the Constitution and
within the Union. This bill is in direct conflict
with and subversive of all these principles and
rights. It prohibits the loyal citizens of a State
in which the rebellion has existed from adminis-
tering their State government under and in sub-
ordination to the United States Constitution and
laws after the rebellion has been suppressed and
all disloyal men expelled from the exercise of
their usurped power. It prohibits the loyal cit-
izens of the State from reorganizing their State
government by the adoption of a new Slate con-
stitution and electing their State officers, except
and unless they will incorporate in such consti-
tution provisions not required by the B'ederal
Constitution, and which are prescribed by a ma-
jority of the people ofother States acting through
their Representatives in Congress. (See the sev-
enth and eighth sections of the bill.) Until they
will do this, n'o matter how loyal to the Union
the majority or all of them may have become,
they are to be governed and controlled as to all
their State affairs by arbitrary military power
responsible only to the President of the United
States. (See sections nine, ten, and eleven of
the bill.) Nay, until they will comply with the
conditions we prescribe they are not to be allowed
Representatives in the Congress of the United
States. They are as absolutely the subjects of
despotic power as were the inhabitants of the
Roman provinces who were plundered and tyr-
annized over by military governors like Verres.
And yet this bill is called one " to guaranty to the
people of these States a republican form of gov-
ernment 11"
1 have supposed we were striving to maintain
our old governments, national and State, in all
their beautiful harmony, and with all their nicely
balanced powers and wisely constructed checks;
that this war was prosecuted to preserve these,
and secure the blessings they have in the past
and will in the future confer upon us as a people.
But if this bill passes and is put in force, we will
have destroyed the system of government trans-
mitted to us, and commenced the construction of
a consolidated national Government which will
soon extinguish the States and, 1 fear,the essen-
tial liberties of their people. How long, think
you, will the people of the northern States bear
patiently the burdens and sacrifices of this destruc-
tive war for the accomplishment of such a purpose ?
Mr. Speaker, the bill not only violates these
principles, but it is without warrant in the Con-
stitution of the United States and in violation of
its provisions. The gentleman from Maryland,
[Mr. Davis,] who reported the bill to the House
and sustained it on the floor, stated that the au-
thority for it in the Constitution is to be found
in the clause which declares that " the United
States shall guaranty to every State in this Union
a republican form of government."
For all the purposes of this argument I will
concede a broader construction to this provision
than has been claimed for it by the advocates of
this measure. It is a guarantee for the benefit of
the minority of the people of each State, and the
majority cannot disavow it or release the United
States Government from its fulfillment; each State
in the Union has an interest that every other of
the States shall maintain a republican government,
and therefore all the people of a State cannot dis-
charge the Federal Government from this guaran-
tee and establish for their State a monarchy, but
for the benefit of the other States the United States
Government is bound to require each State to
maintain a republican government; and the State
shall be compelled to maintain this republican
State government " in this Union," formed by the
Constitution. It must be subject to and in accoid-
ance with the Constitution and laws of theUmted
States; and is to be formed and administered by
citizens loyal to them.
What, then, is the duty and authority of the
Federal Government under this provision as to
the States in rebellion? Before the rebellion com-
menced each of these States had " in this Union
a republican form of government." A portion of
