1092
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14,
sentatives were severally read twice by their titles,
arid referred as indicated below:
A. bill (No. 149) concerning certain schoollands
in township forty-five north, range seven east, in
the State of Missouri—to the Committee on Public
Lands.
A bill (No. 192) making appropriations for
the legislative, executive, and judicial expenses
of the Government for the year ending 30th June,
1865—to the Committee on Finance.
A bill (No. 324) to repeal section two of an
act entitled " An act to regulate the foreign coast-
ing trade on the northern, northeastern,and north-
western frontiers of the United States, and for
other purposes," approved March 2,1831—to the
Committee on Commerce.
MESSAGE KK031 THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the Housa of
Representatives, by Mr. McPiiersok, its Clerk,
returning to the Senate, agreeably to its request,
the bill (H. R. No. 302) to amend section nine of
the act approved July 17, 1869, entitled "An net
to define tne pay and emoluments of ceitam offi-
cers of the Array, titid foi other purposes."
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 40) making appropriations for the consular
and diplomatic expenses of the Government for
the year ending 30th June, 18G5.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of tli« Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill, which was reported from the Committee
on Finance with amendments. The first amend-
ment of the committee was on page 3, line fifty-one
after the word "consuls" to strike out the word
"and," and in line fifty-two, after the word
" agents "to insert" amltweiUy-five consular pu-
pils;" so that the clause will lead:
For salaries of consuls gnicMl, i-uiimiIs, commercial
agents, ami twemy-Ove consular pupils, See.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was on
page3, line sixty, utidurthe head of" Consulates,
Schedule B," to strike out "Aneona."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was on
page 4, line sixty-two, under the head of "Con-
sulates, Sehedufe K," after " Jjriutol" to insert
"Brindisi, Boulogne."
The amendment was agreed (o.
The nextfunendmeiit of the committee was on
page 4, line sixty-three, under the head of" Con-
sulates, Schedule B," after "Cardiff "to insert
"Chin Kiang."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was on
page 4, line sixty-live, under the same heading,
after " Genoa" to liisnt " Gibraltar."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was on
page 4, line seventy-one, tinder the same heading,
after " Marseilles" to strike out'' JViatamora."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was on
page 4, line seventy-two, under the same head-
ing, after "Naples" to strike out "Napoleon
Vendee."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was on
page 4, line seventy-thiee, under the same (lead-
ing, after '• Nice" to strike out " Ningpo."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was on
page 4, fine seventy-four, under the same heading,
to strike out "Ofianto."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was on
page 4, line eighty-one, under the same heading,
after " Swatow" to insert " Saint Helena."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was on
page 4, line eighty-two, under the same heading,
(rt'ter " Tangier" to inseit " Tm'anto."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was on
page 4, line eighty-l'our, under the same heading,
after " Vienna" to inseit " Zurich."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment oi'tlie committee was on i!
page 0, line ninety-one, under the head of " Con-
sulates, Schedule C," to strike out " Athens."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was on
page 5, line ninety-two, under the same heading,
to insert " Ceylon."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was on
page 5, line one hundred and one, under the head
of " Commercial Agencies, ScheduleC," to strike
out "fifty" and insert " seventy-seven;" and in
line one hundred and two, after the word " thou-
sand"to insert"five hundred;"'so that the clause
will read: _
Apia, Monrovia, Saint Pftl deLoando, including loss by
exchange tlieieon, $-177,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Before the next amend-
ment reported from the committee is acted upon
1 have one or two amendments to propose that
will render an amendmentto that amendment ne-
cessary on account of some changes. On page 3,
line sixty, in the list of consulates, after " Bar-
celona" 1 move to insert "Bangkok."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On page 4, line seventy-
five, I move to strike out " Port au Prince."
Mr. SUMNER. That is right. It ought to
be struck out.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On page 5, line eighty-
seven, under the heading of" Commercial Agen-
cies," after "Gaboon" 1 move to inseit " Mada-
gascar."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On page5,line onelmn-
dred, I move to strike out " Monrovia."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was on
page 5, line one hundred and two, after the word
" dollais" to msert:
Am! the s.i|;uiry ot'Ihe eonsuis at liniuiM,Ol!)i:i!Uu, i~t.
Helena, Houloirne, and '/uneh shall he £t..">00 eaeh; and
the watanes el'tlli'ennsuts at Ojlon and I'tta-es si, dl be
,<1,000 caeh, and lie' ^alat-y et tie' eon-nl at (Jinn ivian^
shall be
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to amend that
amendment by adding:
And the salary ol'the consul at Itus/kok shall be. n\>;000 ;
and the saiatv et tne eonnueicial .t^ent atiUadaj^iseat shall
be ,-if J.OOO.
The amendment to the amend memt was agreed to.
The amendment as amended was adopted.
The next amendment of the committee was to
add, us a new .section, the following:
See. — *hidhc it/uit/icr cmutcj, That tile second sec-
tion ot'an act.entitled 41 An act nukmti appropriations lor
the consular ami diplomatic expenses ol' tin; Government
foi the year ending the 30th June, 18-ife,1' apjnoved Febiil-
ury 7, 1?57, be, ami the same is lieieby, repealed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. As the Senate d oes not
appear to bo listening to the reading of the amend-
ment, I think if, my duty to explain to the Senate
what it is. It will be 'noticed that on the third
page of the bill there is an amendment to insert
the words "and twenty-iive consular pupils."
In tiie oiiginal bill that was passed m ranging our
consulai system, there was a provision made for
twenty-live consular pupils to bp sent abroad and
to be attached to the several principal consulates
in different places, and it passed in that shape.
Subsequently, before they were appointed, that
paiticular provision was repealed. This amend-
ment proposes to repeal that repealing clause, and
thus leave the provision as it stood in the original
consular bill providing for twenty-Jive consular
pupils. The matter lias been urged with very
great zeal by different Secretaries of State, and
the Committee on Finance, although it did not
come strictly within their jurisdiction—that did
notoccurto them until after they had acted upon
it—came to the conclusion that U was best to re-
peal that, repealing clause and lestore the original
provision of the consular bill. That is the effect
of the amendment.
Mr. COLLAMElv. In due time and at some
pioper place i wish a vote of the Senate by yeas
and nays on this amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
desire it in committee or in Senate ? The bill is
now in committee.
iWr. COLLAiVJER. I give notice that I shall
axle 11 in the Senate.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations to move the follow-
ing amendment to come in after line thirty-eight,
page 3:
For the contribution of the United Status to the comple-
tion of a new cemetery at Constantinople to u'ceive the
remains of American citizens transfei red from an old bu rial-
place, and ateo as a place for future interments, $1,800,
1 have a communication from the Secretary of
State on this subject. I presume there will be no
question about it, and therefore I will not take up
the time of the Senate by reading it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to hear the
communication read, or the Senator can state the
substance of it.
Mr. SUMNER. The substance of it is this:
there has been an old burial-place in Constanti-
nople used for a long time, by the consent of the
Sultan, for the interment of foreigners. Several
of our citizens are there buried. But it has be-
come inconvenient to have that burial-place con-
tinued. The Sultan has desired it, indeed, to be
discontinued, and has allowed a piece of ground
for the establishment of a new cemetery. For-
eigners have been invited to contribute to the ex-
pense incident to laying out this new cemetery
and to the removal of the remains of the persons
interred in the old cemetery. Our minister at Con-
stantinople reports that in addition to the contri-
butions already made by American citizens on
the spot, the sum of $1,800 is required in order to
complete our part of this work. All the other
Governments have contributed their portion, it
only remains for us now to contribute ours.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I am directed by the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations to move another amend-
ment on page 3, (me fifty-six, after the word
" Shanghai," under the head of "Consulates Gen-
eral/' to insert:
And the consul general at Alexandria, shall have the
name and title ot' agent and consul guncinl.
The explanation of that is this: the consuls gen-
eral of other Powers at Alexandria ptiss under
that name, and it is supposed to give them a cer-
tain precedence which our consul, being simply
called a consul general, does not enjoy. The
habit of our Government is always to address its
functionaries abtoad by their statute designation,
and therefore it bccame important that thischange
of name should bo authorized by Congress.
Mr. COLLAMER. What is the object?
Mr. SUMNER. I have aheady stated once
that the comsulagenerul of other Powers at Alex-
andria go under the name of agent and consul
general, and on that account they are supposed
to have a certain precedence which our consul,
who is simply entitled "consul general," docs not
enjoy. In former days, under other Administra-
tions, our consuls general have appropriated this
title without any authority; but the Department
of State does not feel authorized to address its
functionaries abroad except by the mime which
they bear m the statute; and on this account it has
been proposed to make this change, to give our
consul general the authority to bear that name.
There is no addition of pay. There is nothing
butgivmg him the same name as the other consuls
general have.
Mr. FESSENDEN. X will ask the Senator if
this is recommended by the Department. It came
to the Committee on Finance as simply a sugges-
tion from a friend of the consul general himself,
that he wanted to put on his card "agent" as
weU as "consul general." We came to the con-
clusion that it would lie folly for us to attempt to
change our consular system with reference to
names, &c., to suit foreign Poweisin a particular
place. The Committee on Foreign Relations, it
seems, have come to a different conclusion; but
there is no recommendation from the Department
about it, but merely a suggestion from the con-
sul general himself, I understand.
Mr. COLLAMER. I will inquire whether,
as our consul general does not have the title of
agent, it would not be quite as well to say that
foreign nations by putting on the word "agent'*
have qualified down the "consul general,"
which is a moie dignified position, and that we
do not intend to let oursel ves down by addi ng the
word "agent." it is a good deal like the high
titles of the King of Siam," Brother of theSun and
Moon, Empeior of Twenty Umbrellas,"&c.,
&<:. [Laughter,] It is coming oat at the Utile
