1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
their people, if you please a very large majority
of them, rebelled against the authority of the
United States Government, repudiated the Con-
stitution and Union, usurped the powers of the
State government, and endeavored to set up and
maintain a government without the Union and
independent of the United States. The United
States under this state of facts is obligated, both
to the loyal minority in the State who have been
overborne by the rebellious usurpers and to the
people of the other States, to suppress the rebel-
lion, restore to the loyal citizens of the State the
State government which existed at the time it was
usurped by the rebels, and protect them in the
administration and enjoyment of it. In this mode
alone will the United States fulfill its guarantee.
When rebellious citizens have usurped the ad-
ministration of the State Government, turned its
powers against the Federal government and com-
pelled the minority of the people to submit to their
usurpation, the duty and the sole authority of
the United States is to overthrow the power of
the usurpers and restore the loyal people, or the
people who under promise of amnesty, submit,
to the identical State government the protection
and administration of which they were deprived
for a time by the insurrection or rebellion. But
the United States has no authority or right, when
the rebellion is suppressed and all illegal resistance
overcome, to say, as we do by this bill, to the
loyal people of the State, We will not restore or
guaranty to you the republican State government
which you had established rightfully, and which
existed when the usurpers deprived you of its
administration, but we will compel you to form
another according to our dictation; and if as free-
men, knowingyourrights, you refuse to comply,
we will deprive you of all political rights and priv-
ileges in national or State affairs, and govern you
by military power until you submit.
It seems to me that in pursuing this course, so
far from guarantying to them the republican gov-
ernment which they had rightfully formed for their
State, we aid the usurpers and rebels in overturn-
ing the legitimate preexisting State governments,
by effectually completing what they began. This
is not our duty or our right under this clause of the
Constitution. The United States is to protect the
people of the several States against changes in or
destruction of their State constitutions and gov-
ernments by violence. The people of the Suite
have the right, and it is in them only, to peace-
ably make, reform, or alter their State constitu-
tions. This is the doctrine laid down in the
twenty-first number of the Federalist, and this is
the principle contended for by Mr. Webster, and
established in the Rhode Island case.
We are bound to secure to the people of each
State under such State government as they shall
see fit to establish, subject to the Constitution of
the United States, the right to administer their
own affairs, the right to enact and change their
own laws as to all local matteis. We have guar-
antied that to them, and we must keep our guar-
antee, at least to the loyal men. For my part I
say that we are bound to do it if there are but a
hundred men in the State who have stood by the
Union. Never let us say to them, "We fulfill
our guarantee to you of a republican form of gov-
ernment in this Union, by the President's mode of
allowing a minority of one tenth to govern the
rest, or,as this bill requires, by compelling you to
adopt a new constitution such as we dictate."
We have no right to compel them to adopt any
particular provision as to State matters. The gen-
tleman from Maryland [Mr. Davis] says that this
is a political question, and that our judgment is
final. Very likely that is so; but that is no reason
why we should not act according to the plain
meaning of the Constitution.
Mr. ASHLEY. The gentleman frorn New
York will bear me witness that 1 stated in my
speech I gave my support to this bill on no other
hypothesis than that the constitutions of these
States were destroyed or abolished.
Mr. KERNAN. It is due to say that I have
so understood the gentleman from Ohio. This
bill, the House will observe, does not so assume.
This bill assumes that the States are in existence,
and that the State constitutions and laws are 111
force there. It provides that the President of the
UriiteB States shall enforce the State constitutions
and laws (except as to slavery) which existed at
the lime the rebellion commenced.
It is said that these State governments have
been overthrown, and therefore the General Gov-
ernment has a right to assume this power. It
seems to me that all that can be justly claimed is
that rebellious men, disloyal men, revolutionary
men, have seized upon the machinery of theState
government. Would our Government then, if
the people of any State in the Union had by sud-
den violence lost the control of their Slate govern-
ment, have the right, when the usurpation is over-
thrown, to deprive the people of the State who are
loyal-of the administration of their own affairs?
Would it be right for us to say that because we
had been unable to protect the people in their
rights, and allowed them to be deprived of them
temporarily by a usurper, that when we do sub-
due the usurper we will deny to the loyal people of
the State the management of their State affairs?
Mr. LOAN. I desire to ask the gentleman this
question. I wish to know how the gentleman
proposes to ascertain who are loyal m a given
State. As I understand the matter, the bill pro-
poses a method of ascertaining who arc loyal.
Mr. KERNAN. I will answer my friend.
By this bill, when you have exercised your test,
when you have administered your oaths to the
requisite number, you then will not allow them
toadminister their own State government. What
I insist is that after you have ascertained that the
people, to a requisite number, are loyal, you shall
allow them to retain their present constitutions,
and not compel them to submit to the conditions
on that subject which this bill imposes. I am not
now discussing the question as to what shall be
the mode of ascertaining who are loyal, or what
number there should be in the State to authorize
them to resume the administration of the State
government.
I wish to see our armies conquer the rebel
armies, and drive out the usurpers who have been
carrying on this rebellion. The people of these
States must be required to submit to all the Uni-
ted States laws. We must insist that they sub-
mit to all the laws in relation to the revenue, in
relation to the currency, the post office, and all
other subjects within the jurisdiction of the Fed-
eral Government. When they do this there is
no necessity that we should, nor m my judgment
have we any right to, interfere as to their State
governments. They have a right to maintain
them as they were when the rebellion commenced,
or they may change them. Mr. Speaker, I am
awaie that it is sometimes said here that the in-
stitution of slavery as it exists in these States
is inconsistent with "republican government,"
and that therefore under the clause of the Con-
stitution above quoted Congress has a right to
compel the people of the States to abolish it.
Sir, I am no admirer or advocate of slavery. I
object to it, believing it to be a great moral and
political evil—a wrong to the slave, and, in the
long run, a curse to the master. I shall rejoice
to sue it abolished, if it is done without violating
the Constitution of the United States or interfering
with the reserved rights of the people of the States
to regulate their local institutions. Wt should
not violate the Constitution of the Ui'ited States
or imperil the perpetuity of the Union under it to
interfere with it where it exists in the States. We
of the non-holding States are not responsible for
it, nor are we likely to deal with it wisely for the
benefit of the slavc'or for the peace of the coun-
try.
But it is too plain for argument that the insti-
tution of slavery as it has existed in the States of
the Union is compatible with a republican gov-
ernment within the meaning of the United States
Constitution. The States which adopted it were
slave States mainly, and the continuance or abo-
lition of the institution was carefully reserved to
the people of each State. But the Government
which is prescribed to the people of the States by
this bill is, in its origin, m violation of the spirit
of republicanism. What is a " republican form of
government?" One author says:
' " Republic : a foim of government in which the supreme
power belongs to the people, or to a portion ol tliem, and
not to a single per-on or lainily, as in a monarchy.''
Another says it is " a nation or State where the
body or only a portion of the people have the
government in their own hands; where the peo-
ple is possessed of the supreme power."
Madison, in the thirty-ninth number of the
FedeKih.it, asks and answers the question as to
what is a republican form of government. lie
there says: -
" What, then-, are the distinctive characters of the re-
publican form?" . * * "* *< " Iflwe resort for"
a criteiion to the different principles on which different
forms of government are established, we may define a re-
public to be, or at least may bestow that narae on, a-gov-
ernment which derives all its powers, directly or indirectly,
from tile great body of the people." * * * . *
" It is essential to such a government that ft be derived
frorn the great body of the society." * * ■ *' -*
" it is sufficient for such ^ government tliatthe persons
ministering it be appointed either directly orjndirectiy by
the people." ' " ;
Can there be any doubt, therefore, that the gov-
ernments in existence in these States at the time
the rebellion was inaugurated' were respub.lic^a
within the meaning of the Constitution ? To make
them such it is essential that they be derived from
the people governed, not imposed upon them by
other Governments, States-or people. Neverthe-
less, we propose by this bill, under the pretense of
fulfilling our guarantee to them of a republican
form of government, to compel them to adopt a
constitution and government as to their local State
matters, not originating from themselves, or in ac-
cordance with their wishes, but dictated to them
by us; and we will trample upon all their rights,
and rule over them by our appointees, levying
upon and collecting taxes from them for our
Treasury without their having any representa-
tion until they do our bidding in reference to the
details of their State constitution. This is indeed
guarantying to them a new kind of republican
government! Are we willing to .occupy the posi-
tion before the world, or the American people, in
which the passage of this bill will place us? I
hope not. Let us suppress the rebellion in'these
States; drive out those who have usurped the State
government, and restore it and theadministration
of it to those who have been loyal always in their
hearts, I trust and believe many such wilt be found,
and to those whom we think it wise and proper to
recognize as citizens ill each of those States under
an amnesty.
Madison says in the forty-third number of the
Federalist, commenting upon the clause of the
Constitution under consideration:
" But Hie authority [of the Federal Government] extends
no Anther than to a guarantee of a republican form of gov-
ernment, which supposes a preexisting government of the
form which" is to be guarantied. As Ion?, therefore, as the
existing republican iorms are continued iiy the States tlley
arc guarantied by the Federal Coiibtitution."
And yet we who have taken an oath to sup-
port this Constitution, and have no powers ex-
cept those derived from it, are asked to annul
and destroy the then " existing" State govern-
ments spoken of by him, instead of guaranty-
ing them to the loyal people of the States.
One other suggestion and I will close. I sub-
mit that the policy of this bill is unwise. It is
not the policy to preserve our matchless Consti-
tution and restore the States and their people to
Union under it. Will we relight the fires of pa-
triotism and Union among the southern people
by a measure like this? The embers I trust and
believeare still there. If not, we may bid adieu to
any happy or desirable union of the people of the
United States under one Government in our day.
They cannot be permanently held together by
mere military power. The northern people would
not be willing to bear the burdens necessary to
perpetually maintain and keep u.p such a Union.
It would curse and desolate the South and be
fruitier of good to the North. In holding them
as subjects merely to us, if we can do_ so, in the
end we will lose our own liberties. A military des-
potism would arise out of such a st^te of things;
and our own liberties would be lost as well as the
liberties of the people of the South. This is the
experience of the World; this the teaching of his-
tory.
Mr. GOOCH obtained the floor.
The hour of half past four o'clock, p. m., hav-
ing arrived, the House took a recess until seven
o'clock, p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The House reassembled at seven o'clock, p. m.,
and resumed the consideration of the bill in refer-
ence to the
REBELLIOUS STATES.
Mr.GpOCII. Mr Speaker, it is n grave mis-
take for us to suppose that the contest in which we
mo now engaged htm been going on only since the
