1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1003
end of the horn. I hope the amendment will be
l-rjected.
Mr. SUMNER. I will answer the inquiry of
the chairman of the committee. The proposition
which I have made comes from the Committee on
Foreign Relations, where it was considered. It
was not laid before that committee till it had been
the subject of conference between myself and the
Secretary ofState. The Secretary ofState author-
ized me to say that the change would be agree-
able to him. Indeed—and now I come to the sug-
gestion of the Senator from Vermont—the Secre-
tary of State was informed of the actual condition
of things at Alexandria. Fie knows that the con-
suls general of all other Powers there are entitled
political agents and consuls general. That des-
ignation, as I have already said, gives to them a
certain preccdence which oars does not enjoy.
The British consul general, in the published Al-
manac of the Foreign Office, bears the name of
"agent and consul geneuil."
Tin's designation is peculiar to Alexandria; and
it grows out of the somewhat anomalous condi-
tion of the Government of Egypt, which, 1 need
not remind the Senator from Vermont, is to a
certain extent independent and yet not absolutely
independent. It is, in some respects, a depend-
ency of the Sultan. Therefore no Government is
represented at Alexandria by a diplomatic agent.
Ail the representatives there are simple consuls.
But, since the Pacha of Egypt is practically the
sovereign of the country, it is essential that they
should have, in a certain sense, some diplomatic
appearance. They, for instance, are thrown into
direct communication with the Government of
Egypt. In that respect they differ from consuls
ill other places, who are purely commercial agents
and nothing else, having no direct relations with
the Government where they reside, those direct
relations being conducted by diplomatic repre-
sentatives. I say it is the peculiarity of things in
Egypt that has given occasion to this peculiarity
of designation. The other consuls geneial there,
as 1 have said, bear the name of " agent and con-
sul general," and it has been thought advisable
that ours should be entitled to bear the same name.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. ! am also instructed by the
Committee on Foreign Relations to offer the fol-
lowing amendment as an additional section to the
bill:
.find be }t further enaded, That all instalments or piipeis
leqmred to tic acknowledged in foreign connmc- hv Amer-
ican citizen* shall he acknowledged betore a diplomatic
or consular lepresentative of the United States, wIiiim: duty
it dull be, betore taking the acknowledgment, to adniin-
lstei to the applicant the oath ot othco as tet forth in the
act of Cmjnrre-s, approved Ausii^t 6, 1801, and to make a
leecnd theieof in the certificate of acknowledgment.
I will send to the Chair a communication from
the Department of State which explains this
amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The communica-
tion will be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
j-JFPARTMKNT O* STATI",
Washington, Jaawny 19, 1864.
Pni: Since the commencement of the lebdlion seveial
ni*tanees have come to the knowledge of tins Derailment
in which citizen-: of the United State* uhtoad, notouoiK-iy
dudoval, and some even m tin; serviec ot* the insuiirents,
have nought to obtain fiom United State* consul* attCf-t.i-
tiun^ot deed* convt'} i ij{il piopi'i ty in thi> countiv. The
application* have veiy ptopeily been iejected unie--. the
pewms making thorn would sw ear allegiance to the United
States iSomeot the applicant-, upon their refusal to com-
ply with tin* condition, have tin n acknowledged the < on-
veyanee-j hcJott; a mayoi oi othei foreign inairi-ttato. This
practice ou! ht, it-eeins to tlu- Department.to lie eoneefr'd
liy Omgicj-s. Wuli a view to tins, ewiy hiich m-uuinetit
ma\ he icqusred to he acknowledged behuu aeoiif-ll! oi the
lrnited State.-. who will demand of the pet^rm a-kin^ for
ihe attestation an oathof allegiance het'oie eoinplvmjjwith
the i« qac-t The expedient y of introducing mjiuc -ueh pu>-
vi-ion into any piopei hill heloie (Jonsrt-—'enn-eqneiitly
-nhinillcd to > mil consideration and that of tlie Committee
on Foieimi Relations.
I ha\o ihe honoi to be, Mr, vour obediem teivanf.
U'iLIJAVr U. SKWAIil).
Jloji Ciivklf1^ Su'iNi'R, Chairmioi Coiiunittcc on Forei-n
n Jabon^ Hi nede
Mi. VAN WINKLE. I should like to at>k tlie
chairman of the committee whether this proposi-
tion is expected to repeal all the State laws on this
subject. Every State has its own laws and reg-
ulations as to how papers shall be acknowledged
m foreign countnes. I desire to know whether
it will have thateiFect; and if so, whetherit is com-
petent for Congress to pass a law that would re-
peal all those State regulations?
Mr. SUMNER. I do not know that it would
undertake to repeal all the State laws on this sub-
ject. Its object is to take the precaution, so far
as Congress can, to prevent the acknowledgment
of papers and documents by citizens in foreign
countnes who are unwilling to take the oath of al-
legiance. The oath that is required by this amend-
ment is the common one that is administered at
the custom-house, and under several statutes that
have been passed during the last two years; and
it seemed not going too far to require from every
person in a foreign country who presented him-
self with a paper or document for acknowledg-
ment that he should take the same oath which is
taken by citizens at home.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I do not object to the
purpose at all. My query was put m order to
know whether the amendment would reach the
case. I have no objection at all to requiring a
party who wishes to transfer property to take
this oath; but as all these transfers are made
under State laws, it seems to mo this proposition
would not have much effect. I rose rather to
suggest the propriety of altering it, if it can be
made to have the effect designed. 1 have no ob-
jection to the object.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not appreciate the ob-
jection of the Senator. I do not see what diffi-
culty can grow out of it.
Mr. JOHNSON. There are difficulties, as the
Senatoi fiom West Virginia states them. This
particular amendment offered by the chairman of
the Committee on Foreign Relations was before
that committee,and approved of. The objection
urged by the Senator from West Virginia is that
possibly such an amendment as that would repeal
the laws of the several Stales on the same sub-
ject. Nearly all the States, i believe, have pre-
scribed by their own legislation the manner in
which acknowledgments of deeds to convey either
personal or real estate aieto be made abroad; and
the suggestion of the honorable member from
West Virginia is, that the language of this par-
ticular amendment, provided Congress had the
constitutional power over the subject, would be
to repeal practically all State laws on the same
subject.  
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will suggest, if my
friend will allow me, whether the object of the
Senator from Massachusetts would not be accom-
plished by changing the phiaseology. We can
undoubtedly exercise any power we see fit over
our consuls and diplomatic agents, and we may
provide that it shall be the duty of consuls and
diplomatic agents before whom any acknowledg-
ment is made by any such person, to administer
this oath to that person.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator will bear in mind
that that does not meet the case to which the De-
partment of State calls the attention of the Senate.
The Department of State mentions specifically
that certain persons abroad, turning aside from
our consuls and diplomatic representatives, go to
the mayois uf towns or local functionaries and
make their acknowledgments before them; and
theDepartmentsuggcsts that thatevasion on their
part ous;lit to be met to the extent of our ability.
It was m order to meet it that the committee have
presented this amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON. The suggestion of the Sen-
ator from Maine was one that I was about to
make. There is a good deal of difficulty on this
subject. Most of the laws of the, States, I think,
however, provide that deeds to tiansfcr ptoperty
either real ot personal arc to be acknowledged
before consuls, and certainly Congress has the
authority to say that no consul of the United
States,and no other officer who holds his com-
mission under the United States, shall execute any
such au'honty as that except in the way Con-
S gtess may prescribe. The Senator from Maine
| says it may say they shall not take those ac-
■ knowledgmems without requiring the party mak-
j ing the acknowledgment to take the oath which
the amendment provides for. But that does not
yet rid of the difficulty suggested by the Senator
from West Virginia; and we come now to the
question of power as between the States and the
General Government. If the State governments
under the Constitution of the United States are
not prohibited from providing tor those foreign
acknowledgments as far as conc^n.s transfers ol
j|*property in their own limits, then peihaps we
II should have no authority to pass this amendment
in the way in which the Com.mittee on J
Relations have proposed it,'and in which amend-
ment I concurred—the objection did not occttr to
me at the time—bec'&use. the-provision ©f^that
amendment is that no transfer shall be frfade un-
less acknowledged by a consul, and unless ac-
knowledged in the way prescribed by that amend-
ment. Itproduces a conflict as between the State
government and the Government of the United
States in that particular. I am not prepared now
to say  • = -
Mr. SUMNER. Let me ask the Senator^—I
want the benefit of hisjudgment on the question—
how can we meet the difficulty in the case?
Mr JOHNSON. This does not. The ques-
tion is whether you can meet it in any other way
than the one suggested by the Senator from Maine.
Mr. SUMNER. I want to come to that point;
if it be clear that we cannot meet the difficulty in
the case.
Mr. JOHNSON. I should doubt very much
—may I ask for the reading of the amendment
again ?
The Secretary again read it.
Mr. JOHNSON. By the language of that
amendment we are made to say that no transfer
shall be rr.ade of property in any of the States,
which is required by the law of the State as well
as the law of the United Slates to be acknowl-
edged abroad. Now, I suggest to my friend, the
chairman of the committee, that perhaps there is
a great deal of doubt whether we have the right
to interfere with the laws of the States in that par-
ticular. I can very readily realize the difficulty
suggested by the Departmentof State, and which
the Committee on Foreign Relations felt. These
gentlemen who are abroad now who have any are
transferring their property here. While I was
in New Orleans two years ago, transfers were
sent over by one of them—it is not necessary for
me to name him—of nearly all the real estate he
had in the city; and he could not, I suppose, or
would not have taken such an oath as this, and
his property would have been liable to confisca-
tion but for that transfer. I suppose the transfers
are all legal. I suggest—if it is not necessary to
put it upon this bill, and I do not see that it is
necessary to do it—whether it had not better be
withdrawn, and allow us to reflect upon it until
to-morrow morning.
Mr. SUMNER. I ceitainly shall not press it
if there seems to bo any doubt in regard to it; and
I may say frankly that I felt the difficulty of the
question from the beginning. I believe the Sen-
ator from Maryland is not a stranger to my own
sense of the difficulty of dealing with it.
Mr. JOHNSON. Not at all.
Mr. SUMNER. And yetafterrcflectingupon
it, and I think consulting with the Senator him-
self, I camc to the conclusion that the proposition
was practicable in the form in which I have made
it.
Mr. JOHNSON. You submitted it to me, I
recollect. 1 saw it.
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly. Itwas considered
in the committee. The committee feel very de-
sirous of carrying out the suggestion of the De-
partment ofState, which, as we see, is in a patri-
otic spirit, and is absolutely in harmony with all
we have been doing during the last two years, and
it seemed a pity that we should be obliged to halt
on any question oven of jurisdiction or any tech-
nical ground m view of such a suggestion. If
Senators think it best, however, I will withdraw
the proposition for to-day, and we can consider
it ai^ain.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
is withdrawn.
Mr. SUMNER. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Eoteign Relations to offer another
amendment as an additional section:
ml he U further enactcd, That the 1'irsident may in his
disciction, bv and with tlie advice and consent of thcSen-
ate, appoint an envov evtiaordinnrv and minister plcni-
potentiaiy to the kingdom ot Belgium, who shall receive
no hijjhei compensation tluui is iiowalioweU to a mimbter
resident.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to hear
some reason for that.
Mr. SUMNER. A reason I shall be very glad
to give. The subject has been carefully consid-
ered in the Committee on Foreign I!< hiuons,and
also has been the subject of conference with the
Secretary of State, who agrees entirely with the
committee.
