1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GliOBEk
But this proposition as it now stands docs not
propose to remit the duties to all importers who
had settled up in ignorance of the passage of this
resolution, but, on the contrary, it proposes to re-
mit duties to some importers who had settled up
with the Government after a knowledge of the
passage of the resolution,had paid theduty,had
sold their goods, and had got the duty back from
their customers. The proposition, as it stands,
proposes to remit these duties to them, and they*
are to put them m their pockets, having once re-
ceived them from their customers. Ft seems to
me, if it were possible to get a rule that would
not he justifiable on any principle, the proposition
before the Senate is that very rule.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know how 'we
could very well make a law go into operation all
over the country on different days; because that
is the only position we can take as opposed to
this one. We cannot pass a law to go into
operation in one place to-day and another place
to-morrow and another place the next day, and so
on; that is to say, we cannot properly do it. As
1 stated before, we must fix some day, and this
day is ample for notice to be given to all the ports
in the United States, with perhaps one exception.
If it shall turn out that there are hard eases where
injustice is done, which are included within this
time, we must remedy that by legislation here-
after.
Mr. GRIMES. If I understand it, the argu-
ment is that these parties in New York, who had
property in bond, paid the duties upon itand had
conveyed and sold it to other parties in many in-
stances in the early part of the 30th. Now it is
admitted on all hands, and admitted especially
by the Senator from New York, [Mr.Morgan,]
that the resolution was known nt that time in
New York to have passed both Houses of Con-
gress. It had passed through all the stages here
and was known to be in the hands of the Presi-
dent. Does anybody suppose that the shrewd
merchants of New York, if they were going to
make a sale of those goods, did not add to the
price the additional tax which they knew the two
Houses of Congress had imposed upon those
goods? It is a fair supposition that they did add
it. It is not a fair supposition that they sup-
posed the President would veto a resolution of
that kind. They knew that it was to become a
law either on the 29th or the 30th. They knew
that in the ordinary course of legislation it would
•not lie in his hands longer than that.
Mr. SUMNER. He has several days.
Mr. GRIMES. I know he has several days;
but in the ordinary course of legislation where a
bill or resolution does not raise any constitutional
question, it ordinanly comes back to us in one
or two days after it goes to the hands of the Presi-
dent. They knew it had passed through all its
stages; they knew it met the approval of both
Ho°uses of Congress; they knew that it was in his
hands. It seems to me the proposition made by
the Senator from Illinois is the right one, to say
that this law shall take effect from and after the
29th of April, and let all these men stand upon an
equal fooling.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I congratulate myself
upon one thing: that hereafter the Committee on
Finance and the Secretary of the Treasury can-
not be accused of being too sharp about laying
burdens on the people. We find a great many
persons that are so sharp they will not agree to
give way even when the Secretary of the Treas-
ury thinks in common justice they oughtto do so.
Mr. GRIMES. I suppose the chairman of the
Committee on Finance will admit that we have all
a right to entertain our own opinions as to what
" common jusiice" is.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Unquestionably.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 insist upon it that it is not
common justice to allow the men in New York
who got their goods out on the 30th to be exon-
erated from the payment of this duty, and to say
that the men in Salem or Portland or any other
port in the country who were not cognizant of
this fact, and therefore did not pay their duties
until the 2d of the month, shall be compelled to
pay them. . ,
Mr TRUMBULL. It is even worse than
that. It is admitted that at half past one o clock
on the 30th they had notice m the city of New
York that the law was approved; and now you
propose to exonerate them from the payment of
the additional duty of 50 per cent, while you ex-'
act it out of men in other parts of the country
who had no knowledge whatever of the imposi-
tion of this additional duty, giving a preference
to one port over the other ports of the country.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is no such thing.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We have the evidence
here that it is some such thing. The Senator
replies to tliat that if they did not know it they
ought to have known it; and then his otheranswer
is, that the Secretary of the Treasury thinks this
is but common justice. Are we here simply to
register the opinions of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury ? Is nobody here to have any opinion about
it because the Secretary of the Treasury says it
is common justice? We are to maN a man who
in utter ignorance of the passage of this law paid
his duties pay the additional 50 per cent, and
exonerate the man who knew all about the law
from the payment of that additional duty; and
that is a sense of common justice ! Well, sir, it
is a kind of justice that I do not understand.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from Illi-
nois is very apt to fly into a flame for fear that
somebody is infringing upon his rights, and the
Senator from Iowa the same. There is no dan-
ger of anybody's trying it with either of them.
I merely cited it to show that it was a Very good
thing that the public interests were so shaiply
looked after that even in a case where the Com-
mittee on Finance, the Committee of Ways and
Means, and the Secretary of the Treasury, sharp
as they try to look after those money matters,
concluded that common justice looked one way,
there were those whose eyes were still sharper
than theirs. It is a matter that I congratulate
the country upon; and I do not know but what
we may need this additional amount of money to
offset what we lose in certain other respects.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to say but one word
more. I think the Senator from Illinois has shown
a little more feeling than there is any occasion
for. This is the first tariff law, I believe, in the
histor'y'of this Government or perhaps of any
Government that took effect on the day of its pas-
sage. If there is any other, I should like to'have
the Senator name it. It has always been the
policy of this and every other Government in the
world that I have ever read about to make^these
laws prospective, to take effect in the future.
Mr. GRIMES. I believe the Senate passed
that jpint resolution under the lead of the Senator
from Ohio.
Mr. SHERMAN. _ I know that I urged it
strongly, because I wished to get the revenue,
and was very anxious to get increased revenue.
What arc the facts? This joint resolution
passed this body on the 28th of April, butjvas
not signed by the Presiding Officer of the body
until the 29th. Itdid not go from this Chamber
until the afternoon of the 29th. 11 was then taken
to the President, and at seven o'clock that even-
ing he signed it. The next morning its approval
was not known in New York, it was not known
ll6Mr. TRUMBULL. Is not the Senator from
Ohio aware that on the morning of the. 29th the
New York papers all announced the passage of
this resolution through both Houses of Congress?
Mr. SHERMAN. They announced that the
Senate had concurred in it, but still it was not
then a law. It went to the President, and he
mi ht have kept it for ten days. In the mean
-time these merchants, in the ordinary course of
their business, proceeded to withdraw their goods
from entry. The Senator says it ought not to
take effect on the 29th. Why not? If you en-
force the rigid rules of the law, why not enforce
it on the 29 ih ? #
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have tried to tell the Son-
ator that in point of fact it was not a law unti the
business hours of the 29th were over, and there
would seem to be some equity in not enforcing it
retrospectively, although by the strictTule o law,
that parts of days are not to be taken into the
computation, it is possible a construction might
be given to it so as to give the law effect tor the
whole day. I do not think so, though. 1 do not
think any court would construe this law as being
in force through that day. For many purposes
courts will divide days. ... ,
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 am informed it has been
decided that this law was the law on the 29th,
and that probably in law, in the courts, the duties
might have been enforced on the 29th;, but it v/as
not known. 'The law was not proclaimed herein
this Senate 'Chamber until aftert\yelve o'clock on
the 30th. It was immediately telegraplied, a)><{
the Secretary of the Treasury enforced the most
rigid rules. He demanded ' tjip duties aa due on
the 29th, and found himself involved in 'fywjsijitjj
and controversies. Undfe.r these pi)'ct>nistinc,e,s'
the question came to the tWo committees of 'lie
two Houses as to when this law ought to bC;en- >
forced. Considering that no other tariff Taw te'<f
ever been enforced on the day of itspassage^coii-
sidering that these men did not'know oY Its pas-
sage until one o'clock on Saturday.the 30th, wo
thought it was nota very harsh thing to say tfie'y,
might have Saturday to take their goois ojit under
the old duties, and that at the corfimcncement of
the next week, on Monday, the law should .be jn
force. That is the whole case; and it seems tome
it is but justice to give them that day.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 alluded to a circumstance
that the final approval of this law by the Presi-
dent was not known at Salem until the 2d of
May; and my fnend from Illinois has placed
great stress on that. He will now allow me to
make a still further explanation with regard 'Co
the peculiar circumstance. The approval of the
act was not mentioned in the Boston.papers on'
Moftday morning, the 2d of May. It Was not
telegraphed to Salem on Monday n)orni'ng.. The.
notice from the Secretary of the Treasury oftlie
approval of the act, by a mis.take was gularegped
to the collector of S'alcrn at NeiVburyport, so*
that he did not receive it till the next day. On
the 2d of May an eminent merchant of Salem,
whom 1 may name—Mr. Bartram—one of the
largest importers in this country, received a car-
go from Zanzibar, and he went to the custom-
house to enter it. The collector told him tjiat
under his instructions, the instructions under'
which he was acting, he could exact from him
only the duties of the act of 1802. Mr. Bartram
paid those duties on the 2d of May. The next
day he received a notice from the collector of the
passage of this act, and the exaction of the 50'
per cent. So much for the port of Salem.
But allow me to remind the Senator from Illi-
nois that he has confined his criticism especially
to New York. He should understand that Phil-
adelphia and Boston are in precisely the same
condition. There are those three considerable
cities, Boston, New York, and Philadelphia 
Mr. JOHNSON. Why not include Baltimore?
Mr. SUMNER. Perhaps it should be in-
cluded. 1 am speaking according to my knowl-
edge. , . .
Mr. JOHNSON. It is somewhat of a city.
Mr. SUMNER. It maybe that Baltimore ism
precisely the same predicament; but I am speak-
ing of the three cities with regard to which I have
information. They were in thispredicament: that
the approval of the act was not known till half
past one o'clock on Saturday. During the morn-
ing the merchants at those different places had
been to the custom-house and asked the collector
what they should pay. His reply was that under
the instructions under which he was then pro-
ceeding he could exact only what was required
by the'act of 1862. Mark that, if you please, and
consider the consequences. The merchants until
after 'One o'clock at those places paid accoiding
to the act of 1862, and they naturally made their
contracts with reference to that act; and there you
have the precise hardship in the case that, accord-
ing to the positive requisition of the collector, they
paid under the act of 1862, and conducted then-
business with reference to that act. Now, I take
it the object of the amendment of the Senator
from Ohio is to meet that hardship.
Mr. TEN EYCK. There is one aspect of this
case that 1 have not heard alluded to, and it is
simply to that that I shall confine my remmks.
1 think there is great propriety, however, in re-
mitting these duties on the 29th, for the reason
stated by the Senator from Illinois that the busi-
ness of the day had all been concluded before the
joint resolution was signed by the President; but
how should it be with respect to Saturday? You
may look at that in two aspects: a portion of the
day prior to half past one o'clock, and the re-
maining portion of the day subsequent to half
past one i'clock. H is claimed by the Senator
from Massachusetts and others who seek to have
these duties remitted on' that day that merchants
