48
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 18.
will be referred to the Committee orr Finance.
The Senator from California moves that it be
printed.
Mr. SUMNER. I think that question should
naturally go to (he Committee on Printing.
Mr. CONNESS. I am willing it should have
that reference.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It does not go
to the committee, under the rule, without a mo-
tion; but it is moved that the motion to print the
memorial be referred to the Committee on Print-
ing.
-The motion was agreed to,
Mr. HOWE presented the petition of J. J.
Pettit and others, citizens of Wisconsin, praying
Congress " to take such constitutionalaction, with
all convenient dispatch, so to amend the Consti-
tution of tbc United States as to incorporate a
provision prohibiting slavery in all the States and
Territories of the United States;" which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. GRIMES presented the petition of J. Steb-
bins and others, citizens of Clayton county, Iowa,
representing that they believe slavery to be the
cause of all our existing troubles, and praying
that some action may be taken by which it shall
be abolished; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. HOWE gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a joint resolution for the relief
of the State of Wisconsin.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
On motion of Mr. DOOLITTLE, it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourn to-day, it be to
meet on Monday next.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. HARDlNGasked,ancl by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 23)
granting lands to the State of Oregon to aid in the
copstruction of a military road from Eugene City
to the southern or eastern boundary of said State;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent ob-
tained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 24) giant-
ing lands to the State of Oregon to aid in the con-
struction of a military road fiom the Dalles of
Columbia river to a point at or near the mouth of
Owyhee river; which was read twice by Us title,
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent ob-
tained , leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 25) to au-
thorize the President to negotiate a treaty with
the Klamath, Modoc, and other Indian tribes in
southeastern Oregon; which was read twice by its
title, and leferred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
MESSAGE F110M THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives
by Mr. McPuersok, its Clerk, announced that
the House had passed the following bill and joint
resolution; in which it requested the concurrence
of the Senate:
A bill (No. 33) making appropriations foi the
payment of invalid and other pensions of the
United States for the year ending the 30th of June,
1665; and
A joint resolution (No. 12) tendering the thanks
of Congress to Captain John Rodgers of the United
States Navy, for eminent skill and zeal in thedis-
charge of his duties.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia, to whom was recommitted
a bill (S. No. 7) to increase the bounty for volun-
teers and the pay of the Army, reported it with
amendments.
Mr. WILSON. I am also directed by the same
committee, to whom was referred a bill (S. No. 18)
to amend the act entitled "An act for enrolling and
calling out the national forces, and for other pur-
posts," approved March 3,18G3, to reportit back
to the Senate with several amendments. I beg
leave to say that among the amendments is a sec-
tion repealing the §300commutation clause of the
act of last March, and in regard to that I have
very serious doubts. On every other question 1
believe the committee were unanimous. 1 suppose
the bill will be printed without a motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
printed under the general lule without a special
motion.
Mr. DIXON. 1 have an amendment which I
wish at a pioper time to offer to that bill, and I
ask that it may be printed.
The proposed amendment was received inform-
ally, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. DIXON. I ask for the reading of my
proposed amendment, merely for information, as
it is very brief.
The Secretary read; as follows:
In section two, line thirty-one, insert:
7th. All persons recognized as clergymen or religious
ministers, by the ecclesiastical authority of the denomina-
tion or communion ot which they aie members, shall be
exempt.
Mr. HENDRICKS submitted a proposed
amendment to the bill, which was ordered to be
printed.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bill and joint resolution from
the House of Representatives were severally read
twice by their titles and referred as indicated be-
low:
A bill (No. 33) making appropriations for the
payment of invalid and other pensions of the
United States for the year ending the 30th of
June, 1865—to the Committee on Finance.
A joint resolution (No. 12) tenderingthe thanks
of Congress to Captain John Rodgers, of the
United States Navy, for eminent skill and zeal
in the discharge of his duties—to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
SUPPRESSION OF THE REBELLION.
The PRESIDENT^™ tempore. The first busi-
ness in order on the Calendar is Senate bill No. 3,
more effectually to suppress the rebellion.
Mr. HALE. I should like to inquire whether
that bill has been punted.
The PRESIDENT pi'o tempore. There is a
printed copy before the Chair.
Mr. HALE. I wish that that bill might lie on
the table a little longer. It has been suggested
that there would probably be a committee ap-
pointed to whom the kindred subjects relating to
that in the message would be referred; and if there
is to be such a committee as that raised, I should
prefer to have this bill go to them. If it be the
pleasure of the Senate, therefore, i should prefer
to have this bill lie over for the present.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. At the sug-
gestion of the Senator from New Hampshire, no
objection being made, the bill will he on the table
for the pn sent.
OATH OF OFFICE.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will call from the table for consideration the fol-
lowing resolution, offered by the Senator from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Summer:]
Resolved, Thatthe following be added to the rules oTthe
Senate: "The oathoi affirmation piesct ihed by act of Con-
gress of July 2, 186*2, ?o be taken and suhMnibed hefoie en-
tering upon the duties of office, shall be taken and sub-
scribed by eveiy Senator in open Senate, before enteunir
upon his duties, it shall al-o be taken and sulnei ibed in
tin' same way by t lie Secretary of the Senate ; but the other
officeis ot' the Senate may take and subscube it in the office
ot ihe Secretary.''
Mr. SAULSBURY. I presume the Senate is
aware that my colleague is the only person in
this body who is at present to be affected by the
adoption of the proposed rule. I think, sir, that
he has a right to ask that there shall be a judicial
decision of this body as to whether the oaih pre-
scribed by the act of Congress is in confoimity
or not with the Constitution of the United States.
With the view of having that question solemnly
decided by this body, 1 offer the following as a
substitute for the resolution before the Senate:
Resolved, Tnat the Committee on the Jndieiatyhe in-
structed to inquire whether Senator* and llepiesentatives
la Congress aie included within the provisions* oi the act
entitled "An act to pieseube an oath ot' otiico, and for
other purpose*,-' appioved July 2, lfcG2; and whether the
said act N in accordance or in conflict with the Constitu-
tion of the United States.
I do not propose to enter into any discussion of
this question now; I simply offer this as a sub-
stitute for the resolution. I have no doubt in my
own mind as to the extent to which the act o"*f
Congress goes. It was deeded by the Senate,
on a solemn vote, in the early history of thisGov-
ernment,that a Senator is notacivil officer under
the Government of the United States; and the act
of Congress simply provides that this oath shall
,be taken by officers in the civil or military service
of the United States.
Again, sir, the oath requires that a Senator (if
it be held to apply to Senators) shall purge him-
self, that he has not been in the past guilty of
certain acts. Just as competent is it for the Senate
to require that when a man presents himself here
with all the constitutional qualifications for a seat
on this floor, he shall purge himself that he has
never been guilty of the commission of an assault
and battery, or any other offense against either
State or Federal law.
But as 1 said, sir, I will not enter upon the dis-
cussion of this question now. I propose the sub-
stitute simply for this purpose: that the Senate
may formally decide, and decide, too, after the
judgment of the Committee on the Judiciary upon
that point, whether the act of Congress passed
July 2, 1862, does include members of the Senate
and members of the House of Representatives.
I think that in justice to my colleague and in jus-
tice to gentlemen who may hereafter present them-
selves as members, it is proper, it is right, that
there shall be a formal judgment of the Senate
upon this matter.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator from Delaware proposes a substitute for the
rule which is proposed as an additional one, re-
quiring Senators to take an oath in open Senate
prescribed by an act of Congress; and he gives two
reasons for offering that substitute and moving a
reference of it to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The first is that he desires a judicial decision by
the Senate of the United States as to the consti-
tutionality of the law which requires this oath to
be administered. 1 do not know, sir, that another
decision upon that subject will be any more sat-
isfactory than the one which has already been
made. The law referred to could not have been
enacted without the sanction of this body; and
when that law was under consideration, it was
objected to as being unconstitutional. It was
argued in the Senate; that point was presented;
and the Senate, notwithstanding the aiguments
that were presented against the constitutionality
of the proposed law, thought proper to pass the
bill. The House of Representatives concurring,
and the President approving the bill, it becamc
the law of the land. The Senate has decided that
this law is constitutional, by its passage; and it
is a novel proceeding, when it becomes the duty
of Senators to execute a law of the land, that in
the first place they are to lefer the question whether
the law is the law of the land or not, to one of the
committees for consideration. It is as much our
duty to obey a law, as it is the duty ofany other
citizen in any portion of the country to do so.
We have decided that question, sir. It is not
competent for the Senate of the United States to
say that an act of Congress is no law. We may,
it is true, so far as this branch of the legislative
department is concerned, pass a bill to repeal a
law, but of ourselves we cannot repeal an act of
Congress. We must have the concuirence of the
House of Representatives and the approval of the
Executive. It would be a novel, and it seems to
me an unheard of proceeding, to refer this propo-
sition to a committee to determine whether it is a
law or not.
Another proposition stated by the Senator from
Delaware is, that he wants to know whether this
law embraces Senators and Representatives in
Congress; and he repeats what has been suid sev-
eial times in the Senate, and 1 fear will come to
be taken as a fact, that it has been decided that
Senators and Repiescntatives in Congress are
not civil officers. Sir, I should like to see that de-
cision. I should like to know when and where
any conrtor any legislative body everdeeided that
Senators and Repiesentatives were not civil offi-
cers. 1 know of no such decision, and I under-
take to say there is no such decision. I know it
has been "decided that Senators and Representa-
tives are not liable to impeachment; that they are
not civil oflieeis in the sense of being liable to an
impeachment. Thei«j is a very obvious reason
for that. All the parts of the Constitution of the
United States aie to be construed together, so as
to give effect to all its provisions; and one portion
of that Constitution pi ovules for the expulsion of
Senators by a two-thirds vote; and inasmuch as
another mode of depriving a Senator of his seat
is provided by the Constitution than that of im-
