1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBIj
who should rebel against the Government and
seek its overthrow; and that every possible bar-
rier should be placed in the way of the Govern-
mentand the nation when attempting to maintain
existence; and they seem to regard it as their
special mission to see to it that these supposed
provisions of the Constitution are rigorously en-
forced at this time.
Mr. Speaker, I do not believe that these rebels
have ceased to be subjects of this Government, or
that they are out of the Union. ■ I do not believe
that their attempted secession and rebellion have
deprived this .Government of its right of sover-
eignty and jurisdiction over them,.or released
them from the relations and duties of subjects,
bound to render obedience to the Constitution and
laws. While they, by treason, rebellion, and
levying war against the Government, have for-
feited all right to the protection of the Constitu-
tion and laws; while they have made themselves
public enemies, and come to be recognized as bel-
ligerents, not only by other Powers but by the
Federal Government, still they owe obedience to
this Government not less than they did before
secession was attempted. This Government holds
to them the twofold relation of sovereign and bel-
ligerent—a sovereign carrying on a just and ne-
cessary war to maintain a rightful sovereignty;
.and they hold to this Government the twofold
'relation of subjects and belligerents—rebellious
subjects carrying on an unnecessary and unjust
war to overthrow a Government which they them-
selves assert lias never purposely done them a
wrong 01- withheld from them a right.
This being the relative position of the two con-
tending parties, the question arises, what are the
rights and powers of the Government in the pros-
ecution of a war for the maintenance of its right-
ful sovereignty and the reduction to obedience of
its rebellious subjects? I answer that it has all
the rights and powers which any Government on
earth has in carrying on war against its enemy.
It can exercise any power, do any act it may deem
proper and necessary to do, not prohibited by the
law of nations to all Governments alike. There
is not a principle or provision, line or word, in
the Constitution of the United States which pro-
hibits or prevents the doing of every act or thing
Congress may deem necessary or proper to be done
to crush rebellion and maintain the sovereignty of
the Government. Since the time when the rebels
claimed for themselves, and we accordcd to them,
the character of belligerents, the Constitution of
the United Slates has imposed no more restraint
upon Congress and the Commander-in-Chief of
our armies, and of course no more protection to
the enemy, than it would have done had we been
engaged m war with the most distant people on
earth. I am wholly at .1 loss to know what men
mean when they talk about straining the provis-
ions or leaping the barriers of the Constitution
in the prosecution of the war we are now carry-
ing on against-the enemy, and in our efforts to
uphold and maintain the Government and save
the life of the nation. I know of no provisions
or barriers in that instrument that it would be
necessary to strain or leap over in order for us to
wield against them all the power human ingenu-
ity can devise or human agency can execute.
When these rebels assumed the character and
position of belligerents they said to us and the
world, "We no longer claim the protection of
the Consitution and laws of the United States, but
we stand or fall by the sword;" and the Govern-
ment said to the rebels, "As you have so willed
it, let the sword decide the question." Prom that
moment it ceased to ho a question of constitu-
tional and legal right, and became a question of
military power and force. I do not wonder that
in the very outset of the rebellion we did not fully
comprehend the changed relations we bore to
these belligerent rebels. We had ever been ac-
customed to appeal to the Constitution as thegreat
arbiter of disputed questions during our whole
national existence, and for a time, at least,many
seemed to think that by its provisions we could
settle questions between belligerents not less thrift
questions between peaceful and law-abiding citi-
zens. They seemed to think that while the rebels
could conduct against us a war, unrestrained and
untrammeled by law or Constitution, we could
do to them only those things which we were ex-
pressly authorized by statutes and the Constitu-
tion to do; and some, even now, seem to fail to
understand that the war powers of this Govern-
ment are undefined. The war powers of any
Government are from their very nature undefin-
able, and the men who should undertake to pre-
scribe, limit,and define them would demonstrate
in the very outset that they did not understand
the first principles ofgovernment, and were wholly,
unfit to prescribe the fundamental law for any
people. The men who framed our Constitution
made no such mistake. They had had the ex-
perience of both war and peace, and knew full
well the powers a Government must possess in
order to maintain its existence and an independ-
ent position among the nations of the earth.
They were too wise to restrict the powers and tie
the hands of the Government they were establish-
ing in the prosecution of a war against an enemy
seeking its destruction and overthrow, be that
enemy foreign or domestic. From the moment
the rebels levied war against the Government,
and we recognized their acts as war in fact, and
prepared to meet military force with military
force, our right and power to prosecute war
against them were in all respects the same as they
are to prosecute war against any foreign enemy
who may commence against us an unprovoked
and unjust war for the dismemberment of our ter-
ritory. This is and must be the position of this
Government until the military power of the rebels
is entirely overthrown, the last vestige of rebel-
lion wiped out, and a true and legal government
established in every rebel Sitate.
Still, the right of jurisdiction of this Govern-
ment overall territory and people within the rebel
lines is not destroyed or impaired, but remains as
perfect as it would have been had it not been in-
terrupted by rebellion; and'when we shall have
crushed the rebellion and restored peace to all
parts of the country we shall hold this territory,
not by a new title, but by the old, not as territory
acquired by conquest, but territory defended and
maintained against revolt; and the jurisdiction of.
this Government over the people within the now
revolted territory will not be a newly acquired
right, but the assertion and maintenance ofa right
which has always existed. Any act of the so-
called confederate government, and any act of the
State governments, since secession, will be re-
garded by this Government as nullities. The re-
bellion, while it has not destroyed the right of
jurisdiction of this Government over any part of
our territory, has interrupted its jurisdiction for
the time being over so much of our territory as
is within the rebel lines, and the seceded States
have themselves overturned and destroyed their
State governments, so that one of those govern-
ments can now claim no more rights, protection,
or recognition from the Federal Governmentthan
can the rebel himself.
I know that some say that if this is the fact the
overthrow of the rebellion will immediately re-
establish the old order of things in the levolted
States, and that they will be, at the end of the re-
bellion, exactly where they were atits beginning.
This by no means follows. They themselves
have destroyed the old order of things; they have
overthrown their State governments; they have
brought about an entirely different state of things
from that which existed before the rebellion; they
have created a new state of society demanding a
government and institutions different from those
which before existed, and could not continue in
harmony with the General Government. The
Federal Governmentcannotrecognize, other than
as an enemy, any State government which has
P-iven in its adhesion to the rebel confederacy,
flowever liberal the President may be in his am-
nesty proclamations, or the Congress of the United
States in its legislation, for the pardon of traitors,
1 apprehend that rebel State governments will
hardly find themselves 111 the catalogue of thefor-
given. Those States must first come under the
military rule and control of the United States,
and how long they shall continue in that condi-
tion is a question which the United States alone
has the power to determine. The Federal Gov-
ernment having found itself unable to enforce its
lawful authority by civil process has been obliged
to invoke the military power, and that power must
be continued until a loyal government, truly re-
publican in form, has been organized in every se-
ceded State, and until the people ot that State
have given satisfactory evidence that they have
both the will and the power to keep and maintain
such State within the Un ion agaiiiSt all -traitors-"
within its limits. When ~ this time -shall .-corner
then such State can with' propriety ask that the
military power* shall be removed, and,that her*
Senators and Representatives shall be .admitted,
into the councils of the nation. >
1 can see no reason why thePresident, as Com- .
mander-in-Chief, should not,iti the mean time, so
use the military power as to aid and Assist tlW
loyal people of any one of these.States in. the or-
ganization of a loyal State government. • As the,
government which has given its adhesion t*0 the'
rebel confederacy can never be recognized by tile-.
United States, a new government must be organ-.
ized during the military occupation, which can,
at the proper time, be recognized by Congress-
All these acts by the President, or the military
power under him, in thus aiding and assisting the
loyal people in these States, impose no obligation
upon Congress to recognize them until such time
as it shall deem proper to do so, and any recog-
nition the military power may see fit to give to
these governments can never fix their status in the
Union. Congress alone has the power to determ-
ine what government is the legitimate one in a
State, and its decision is binding on the other-de^
partments of the government. The opinion of the .
Supreme Court of the United States m Luther m.
Borden et al. is precisely to this point:
"Under this article of the Constitution [article four, scction
four] it rests with Congress to decide what government is
the established one in a State, For as the United States
guaranty to each State a republican form of government,
Gongjess must necessarily decide what government is es-
tablished in the State before it can be determined whether
it is republican or not. And when the Senators and Repre-
scntauves ot a State are admitted into tl>c councils of the
Union, the authority of tlie government under which they
are appointed, as well as its republican character, is recog-
nized by the proper constitutional authority. And its de-
cision is binding on every other depaitment of the govern-
ment and could not be questioned in a judicial tribunal."
The question of the recognition of a govern-
ment in one of the revolted States does not differ
at all from the question of recognition of the gov-
ernment in any State in which the legitimate gov-
ernment has been interrupted, overthrown, or
destroyed, and the Federal power invoked to de-
termine which the established and legitimate gov-
ernment is. The question is a political one, and
is to be decided by Congress, not by the Execu-
tive or the judiciary, and the most authoritative
decision which Congress can give to the question
is the admission of Senators and Representatives
to seats in the councils of the nation; and as each
House is the judge of the elections, returns, and
qualifications of its members, each must determ-
ine for itself what government it will recognize
as the established one in any State, and when the
Senate and the House have by the admission of
members to seats decided in favorof the same gov-
ernment in any State the question is settled, and
the decision binding on the other departments of
this Government.
The conclusion to which I come is this: no
matter what laws may be passed by Congress,
110 matter what acts may be done by the Execu-
tives, as the governments in the revolted States
have by treason, rebellion, and adhesion to the
southern confederacy been overthrown and de-
stroyed, no such State can have any status in
the Union for any purpose until a loyal State gov-
ernment shall have been established therein, and
recognized by the Congress of the United States.
And when that shall have been done it will be-
come the duty of the other departments of the
Government to immediately recognize the act and
accord to such State all the rights and privileges
of a State in the Union.
Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, we are abouten-
tering, nay, we have already entered, upon the
fourth year of the war. And this simple state-
ment should invite reflection. It should induce
every man to pause, to take a careful scrutiny of
the past, and to look forward with profound anxi-
ety into the opening future. If we are wise we
will condescend to learn from the teachings of the
past; from its defeats as well as its successes, from
the destruction of our most cherished plans as
well as from the consummation of our most bril-
liant hopes and efforts; from the dangers we have
passed and the evils we have suffered; in fine,
from our experience in every form, whether for
good or ill.
We should look back upon the past, Mr. Speak-
er, not with any frivolous idea of vain curiosity
