THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
■fa*
THE
OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RITES, WASHINGTON, H'/ty
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, DECEMBER 22, 1863.
NEW Serie's.....-No. !4.""
peachment, it was presumed that tne provision
relating to the impeachment of officers did not
embrace Senators; but that decision by no means
goes the length of deciding that Senators are not
civil officers. But, sir, whether they are civil
officers or not, it is competent for the Senate, by
a rule, to require its members to take an oath.
Therefore there can be no impropriety in adopt-
ing this rule, even if the law does not embrace
Senatois.
I tru.st that this amendment will not be adopted,
and that the proposition will not be referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary. For one, sir, 1
should be unwilling to enter upon an investiga-
tion to determine whether a law which we had
passed was constitutional or not,and to report to
this body, for them to decide whether it was con-
stitutional or unconstitutional,after we had passed
the act. What would it amount to? Would
that muke it unconstitutional ? Would anybody
be authorized to disregard the law, because the
Senate of the United States, by a resolution, or a
report of one of its committees, had determined
that I he law was unconstitutional"? That would
not repeal the act. We have no authority, in my
judgment, to enter upon such an investigation;
and 1 trust that the motion will not prevail.
Mr. SAULSBUR.Y. Mr. President, the un-
willingness of (he chairman of the Committee on
the Judiciary to enter into the investigation of
this subject, cannot be any reason why the Sen-
ate may not call upon him to enter upon that in-
vestigation. When the right to a sent on this
floor of a member is questioned, he has the right
certainly to have ihe judgment of the body as to
whether he is entitled to his seat or not. Now,
sir, it has never been decided by the Senate of the
United States, by the House of Representatives,
or by any other tribunal, that this act of Congress
does include members either of the Senate or the
House of Representatives. Admit, for the sake
of the argument, that the act is entirely constitu-
tional; to whom the act extends, who are the per-
sons that come within the provisions of the act,
has nowhere been determined by the Senate, by
the House of Representatives, by the judiciary,
or by any other tribunal.
My colleague [Mr. Bayard] at the last session
appeared in this body, took the constitutional
oath, entered upon his duties as a Senator, was
here in open session, was here in secret session,
was here acting as u Senator, after the statement
deliberately made by the Senator from Illinois,
the chairmani of the Judiciary Committee, that
those who chose to take the additional oath might
take it, and those who chose not to take it need
not take it. That was at a time when a debate
nprang up which threatened to last several days,
on the obligatory character of this oath. Then,
sir, at the present session,after my colleague has
acted in this body, both in publicand in secretses-
sion, this order is introduced. All that my col-
league asks, all that 1 ask, is that befote he is
required to take the oath, some committee of this
body, or the body itself, decide that the act ap-
plies lo members of the Senate and members of
the House of Representatives. Is there anything
unreasonable in this?
Mr, TRUMBULL. The Senator from Dela-
wn.e will allow me to say that that is the very
object of the resolution. If we pass the resolution,
it will settle it; the body will have decided the
question. The rule, as proposed by the Senator
from Massachusetts, decides the very question,
that each member of the Senate shall take the
oath.
Mr.SAULSBURY. But, Mr. President, with-
out the judgment of the Judiciary Committee, that
a Senator comes within the meaning of the act,
why should there be any such haste in this mat-
ter? Are the interests of this country or of this
Government to suffer by having this question
calmly looked into and investigated by the Com-
mittee on the Judicial y? Will a few more days
of delay injure the interests of any department of
the Government, or the whole of them combined ?
Why such haste to have this question decided
4
simply upon a motion to make a new rule, with-
out the judgment of the Committee on the Judi-
ciary that the members of this body are constitu-
tionally bound to take this oath?
Mr. President, perhaps I may be justified.in
stating—and I do it withoutany consultation with
my colleague upon this matter—thattheopposition
which I have to the enforcementof thisoathupon
members of Congress, or the passage of this order
by the Senate, does not arise on account of any
matter or thing in the oath contained. There is
nothing contained in it that 1 could not take, if
necessary, every morning before breakfast; and
I doubt not there is nothing in it contained that
my colleague could not take. It is from no such
consideration that we oppose the adoption of this
order; but it is because in our solemn judgment
a Senator or Representative in Congress does not
come within the provisions of the act, and that a
Senator or Representative in Congress is not con-
stitutionally bound to take this oath.
The Senator from Illinois says that it has never
been decided by the Senate or by any other tri-
bunal that a member of the Senate is not a civil
officer of the United Slates. I am surprised, Mr.
President, at that declaration, when, as far back
as 1798 or 171)9, in the case of Blount, a Senator
in Congress, it was, in express terms, decided that
a Senator was not a civil officer under the Gov-
ernmcntof the United States. The woids of the
resolution proposed on that occasion declared that
he was a civil officer, and that was negatived by
a formal vote of the Senate. I have not the case
before me, but it will be presented to the Senate
before this discussion closes.
Is he a civil officer under the Governmentof the
United States? How does lie hold his place in
this body? Whatdepartmentof the General Gov-
ernment confers upon him his office? Thatoffice,
if office it be, is conferred upon him by las State;
and although, in these times, it may be consid-
ered that there are no such things as States, or that
there ought not to be any such things as States,
yet the framers of this Government thought that
there were such political communities as States;
they recognized them as possessing certain rights,
and the Constitution gave them the power of ap-
pointing their Senators as representatives, not of
the mass of the people, but as the representatives
of their Stales in the Senate of the United States;
and all the authority that they have to act in this
body, as derived under the Constitution of the
United States, is through the action of their States,
and not through any action of the Federal Gov-
ernment or any of its departments.
But, sir, I will not discuss the question. There
is nothing unreasonable in my proposition that
this subject be refened lo the Commiltee on the
Judiciary, and that they inquire into this simple
question—that is the c lily question which the sub-
stitute proposes that they shall inquire into—
whether a Senator or Repicsentativc is included
in the provisions of the act referred to?
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President,as the Senate
are aware, on my entrance into this body, I took
the oath prescribed, but made some remarks at
the time rather in the nature of a protest, the ob-
ject of which was to exclude the conclusion that
might otherwise be drawn that I admitted the right
to impose such an oath of office upon a Senator.
I think the honorable member fiom Illinois per-
haps is mistaken,and I very respectfully suggest
it to him, in supposing that the subject itself is not
one fit to be considered by the Committee on the
Judiciary. As I understand the resolution offered
by the honorable member from Massachusetts,
and the substitute proposed by the honorable mem-
ber from Delaware, two questions are presented.
The first is, what is the true meaning of the act
of Con<;ress-r-does it, or does it not embrace mem-
bers of Congress? The other is, if it does em-
brace members of Congress, whether Congress
had the constitutional power to pass that act?
; Now, with reference to the first of these questions,
1 there can be no possible objection, that 1 can see,
j to our having from the Judiciary Committee a
! well-considered opinion. 1 do not know that the
proposed rule has been before any <-ommitt$e'ioF,~
the body heretofore; and I think it_wtj) tipj-
haps, to establish the cons^^ucudh of^tli^t afit/tliftj"
one way or tlie other,
controversy upon th? subject, if ,tii® Judicial^.
Committee will t$ke the" matter into
and e:&pres.s their own opinion,, Jappr
as to the true operation of the act ?s it stands.. ; ^
Upon the other question, tow fiich'the honorable,
member from Illinois .has referred as opf oyer"
which, as he supposes, the committee has no rkjht,.
and the body can give the committee no right, I.
submit that perhaps the chairman of the com-
mittee is mistaken. He thinks there is no author- •
ity to refer to a committee the question whether-
an act upon the s.tatute-book is constitutional ox,
not. I. beg him to reconsider that opinion, audi
if he does 1 incline to think he will como to a (Iff-,
ferent conclusion, The act, as long as U stands,
upon the stathte,iboo]r,'isin one sense obligatory i
it is apparently the law of th.e latiil; but if, in;
point of law, it be repugnant to the Constitution
of the United States, then it is not the law oftlje;
land;and if itshould, upon investigation,befQU().4
that Congress had not authority to pass this:
Congress owes it to itself that it should repeal.it.,
The question presented by the propositions
which are now before the Chair is perhaps sub-
stantially the same as would be raised by a prop-
osition offered by any member of the Senate, to
introduce a bill repealing that act, upon the ground
of its unconstitutionality. If a bill of that descrip-
tion should go, as it necessarily would go, to the
Committee on the Judiciary, the committee woijjd
be compelled to decide it. I do not see how in
principle it makes any difference; but the ques-
tion substantially is picseuted in the form, in
which itis,as I suppose, now before the Senate,.
But there is another reason that occurs to me
which renders it advisable that itshould take the
course indicated by the honorable member from
Delaware. The Senate have, I think, already
seen that it is very probable that this discussion
may occupy a great many days of the tinje of
the Senate, now.very precious for reasons stated
yesterday; and as this is a privileged question,
and the only member of the Senate to whom the
proposition applies [Mr. Bayard] cannot, as long
as that remains, properly perhaps take any part
in the discussions of Lhe Senate, or at least he may
feel it indelicate to do so as long as he thinks It
possible that he may be decided not to be a mem-
ber of the Senate, the debate will be carried on by
others, and upon that particular question the de-
bate will be carried on by himself, and we may
be here some week, perhaps, discussing the ques-
tion whether the Senator is or is nota memberof
this body, until he takesthatoath. Now, I rather
believe—1 am not authorized to say so in so many
words—that the Senator from Delaware would •
prefer stating what he proposes to say upon the
question of the power of the Senate toimposp that
oath, to a committee, rather than to discuss it in
the Senate at the sacrifice of the very important
business which is now before us. It ccrtawly ijJ
due to theSenatorfrom Delaware, who entertains
an opinion 1 believe adverse to the power of Conr
gress to pass the act, as also, upon the question of
the constitutionality of the act, an opinion differ-
ent from the honorable member from Massachu-
setts who proposes this rule, that he should be
heard. The question for the Senate to decide is,
whether it is not better that it should go before a
committee atid be discussed there, than that the
business oftheSenate should be arrested, perhaps
for a week or more than a week, by a discussion
here.
Now,as to the Senator from Delaware: hewill
not consider it as indelicate in me to express the
opinion—I do not know, and of course, therefore,
1 am not considered as stating it upon any inform-
ation derived from him—I do not know what will
be his ultilnate course in the event that the Senate
shall decide that he must take that oath; butfrom
what I know of his,opinion, often and often ex-
pressed to me, upon the great question which is
involved in this rebellion, he can take that oath
