1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tion to make anything buta uniform regulation in
reference to revenue.
^ Mr. TKUMBULL. I apprehend the Senator
from Maryland did not hear the Senator from
Kentucky. It was the very argument he made,
that he would not exact the duty from any man
until he had time to hear of the passage of the law.
Mr. JOHNSON. I spoke of my own igno-
rance. That was all.
fhe PRESIDINGOFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Illinois
to the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from Ohio.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next excepted amendment was to insertat
the end of section twenty the following:
And any duties which shall have been exacted and re-
ceived contrary to the provisions of this section shall be
refunded by the Secretary of the Treasury.
Theamendnient was concurred in.
The next excepted amendment was in line one
hundred and sixty-six of section three to strike
out or" and insert ** and;" in line one hundred
andsixty-seven after the words " kinds" to strike
out"44 valued at $3 or less per dozen, 50 cents per
dozen, and in addition thereto 25 per cent, ad va-
lorem; valued at over $3 per dozen, 50 cents per
dozen, and in addition thereto 40;" and after
"40" to insert "50;" so that as amended the
clause would read:
On pen-knives, jack-knives, and pocket-knives of all
Kinds, 50 per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. DIXON. I propose to amend the amend-
ment of the committee by adding " and 50 cents
per dozen."
Mr. FESSENDEN, That would just cut out
the whole concern.
Mr. SHERMAN. This whole matter was
thoroughly considered by the Committee on Fi-
nance after hearing persons, and I will state that
the duty proposed to be levied of 50 cents a dozen
on some of these jack-knives would amount to
448 per cent, It is a ridiculous tax.
Mr. DIXON. I do not wish to take up the
time of the Senate ut this late hour, but I will state
that from careful examination myself and from
information received from parties well informed,
I believe this article will bear this additional duty,
and a large increase of revenue may be furnished
in that way.
_ Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator has received
his information one-sided; the committee have
received theirs from both sides.
Mr. DIXON. The Senator has received his
from importers interested.
Mr. FESSENDEN. "We heard both sides.
. Mr. DIXON, i have received some also from
those interested in the manufacture, I acknowl-
edge. Still they all agree the revenue can be en-
hanced in this way.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected
—ayes eight, noes not counted.
The amendment made as in Committee of the
"Whole was concurred in.
The next excepted amendment was in section
six, line sixty-four, after the word " cents" to in-
sert. " per dozen;" and in line sixty-five to strike
out "on the excess;"Tso as to make the clause
read:
On spool thread of cotton, 6 cents per dozen spools, con-
taining on each spool not exceeding one hundred jarihs of
thiead, and in addition thereto 30 per cent, ad valorem;
exceeding one hundred yaids, for eveiy addit,->nal hundred
jards of thread on each spool or fractional pent thereof in
excess of one hundred yards, 6 cents per dozen and 30 per
cent, ad valorem.
Mr. MORGAN. I called attention to this
clause for the purpose of making an inquiry of
the committee. 1 do not know myself much
about this duty on cotton thread, but I am in-
formed that it is about 70 per ccnt. It was for-
merly 40. I desire to know of the committee
whether this is not higher in proportion than the
other duties upon cotton articles. Heretofore it
has been classed with the other articles of cotton.
It is now taken out of that class and made an ex-
ception, and charged a little larger duty. It
never has been so treated before. I have also
looked at the tax in the internal revenue bill, and
I find it is but 5 per cent, on cotton thread. I do
not suppose it was the intention of the Finance
Committee to fix the duty so high upon this ar-
tide as entirely to exclude it. My information i
is that this duty will be prohibitory upon cotton
thread; and I have called attention to the subject
for the purpose of any explanation that the com-
mittee can give.
Mr. CLARK. The committee did give their
attention to this matter; and they are not aware
that this will be a higher duty than is generally
imposed on cotton productions. It probably is
known to the Senator from New York, it cer-
tainly is to many other Senators, that there are
springing up in the country various manufacto-
ries of spool-thread cotton. We do not manu-
facture many kinds, and perhaps not some of the
best kinds at present, though we make an excel-
lent article; but it is desirable to encourage it,
and we have proposed a sufficient duty both to
protect the American manufacturer and to yield
revenue. The committee think they have arrived
at that point,and desire to keep.the duty there.
The amendment was concurred in.
The Secretary read the next excepted amend-
ment, which was in section eighteen, line five,
after the word " except" to strike out " silk, raw
or unmanufactured,or notmore advanced in man-
ufacture than singles, tram, thrown, or organ-
zine," and to insert " raw cotton."
Mr. TEN EYCIC. The inserting the words
4< raw cotton" in line seven was not excepted to.
The exception was only with respect to silk,"raw
or unmanufactured. That is the only question
now involved. I did not call for a division on
this proposed amendment when we were acting
as in Committee of the Whole, because I did not
want to delay time by having a division then.
Mr. CLAillC. I desire to say that the com-
mittee in adjusting the duty on pages 25 and 26
on silk, adjusted that duty with reference to the
amendment now proposed to be made here, and
if this is stricken out, in the opinion of th^ com-
mittee it would leave that duty too high. I hope
this will not be changed, as it is in conformity
also with the policy adopted in the section placed
on page 45 encouraging the commerce.
Mr. HARRIS. I really hope this proposition
will be retained as it came to us from the House
of Representatives. From the information I have,
I am satisfied that it will operate oppressively on
the infant manufacture of silk here, if the man-
ufactuiers are obliged to pay a duty of 10 per
cent, ad valorem on the raw stock that they are
obliged to import. I hope, therefore, that the
amendment proposed by the Committee on Fi-
nance will not be agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 20, nays 19; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Buckalew, Clark,
Conriess, Cowan, Fcssenden, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Harlan,
Howard, Howe, Johnson, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kan-
sas, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Sherman, and Willey—20.
NAYS — Messrs. Carlile, Chandler, Dixon, Doohttle,
Harris, Hendrick>, AIcDougail, Morgan, Powell, Richard-
son, Riddle, Salisbury, Sprague, Sumner, Ten Eyck,Tium-
bull, Van Wmkle, Wade, and Wilson—19.
ABSENT — Messrs. Collamer, Davis, Hale, Harding,
Henderson, Hicks, Moral!, Nesmith, Wilkinson, and
Wright—10,
So the amendment was concurred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thiscompletes
the amendments made as in Committee of the
Whole. The bill is before the Senate, still open
to amendment.
Mr. MORGAN. I desire to o(Fer an amend-
ment to the nineteenth section of the bill, on the
42d page, in the sixth line, by inserting after the
word " day:"
And in ah eases where tin- duties exacted by virtue of
the joint resolution of April 29, 1864, exceed the duties
piovided for in this act, the Secretary of the Treasury is
hereby authorized and directed to cause such excess to be
refunded m the manner provided in other tike cases.
Mr. JOHNSON. I think the Senator from
New York would find it better located if he nyidc
his proposition a separate section to be inserted
between the nineteenth and twentieth sections.
Mr. MORGAN. Very well. Let the section
be read as it will stand if amended, and then, if
there is any objection to it, it can come in some
other place.
The Secretary read, as follows:
That goods, wares, and merchandise which may be
in the public stores or bonded waiehou >es on the day and
year this act shall take efteet shall be subjected to no ether
duty upon the entry thereof for consumption than if the
same vvre imported respectively after tnatday; and in all
ca&cs where the duties exacted bv virtue of the joint reso-
lution of April 5}9, 1864, exceed the duties provided for m
this act, the Secretary of the Treasury iAercb^'nuthofi^t?
and dirccifd to cause such cxcesfe to Be refunded In 'the"'
manner provided in other like cases; and to mueh of the*
act of August 6, 1846, or any other act, an requires the sale ,
ot nre-crackeis or prohibits theirdeposit in.bonded ware-^
house, is hereby repealed. * *,
Mr. MORGAN. I believe tJiere is' no object.
Uon—-I inquire of the Senator fromvMaryland (f
he thinks there is any objection—to its appearing:'
m this place. 6
Mr. JOHNSON. 'Not at all. 1 ' ^
Mr. MORGAN. 1 do not offer this aroencfroent
because the Government has any surplus of
money to return to importers, but I otfer it be-'
cause I think it equitable. Let us see .what we:,
have done We passed a joint resolution increas-
ing the duties 50 per cent. The merchants paid-
those duties. They supposed that to be the law;
they supposed that to be the decision of Con-,
gross; and so long as it is the decision of Con-
gress there is no objection to it; but it pretty sk>ojTf
appears on the passage of this bill that we are not,
governed by the joint resolution. Some parties
instead of letting their goods go into bond paid
their duties, supposing that when the more ma-'
lured bill which is now under consideration should,
bo passed the duties would be equivalent to the
50 per cent, increase contained in the joint reso-
lution. So far as they in good faith have paid
those duties and have their goo.ds on hand, I do
not know why they should not be entitled to sta/id
on the footingof this bill precisely as they would
if they had let their goods go into bond. 1 can
see no objection to it, no reason why they should
not have the increased duties refunded to them if
Congress means to act equitably toward the mer-
chants.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think a little reflection
will convince the Senator that this amendment is
substantially impracticable and unjust. Suppose
the Secretary should be requireuto refund the
excess of duties paid under the joint resolution to
every person, what would be the result? Many
of those persons who4iave thus paid the increased
duties have sold their goods and have realized
the increased cost of those goods. Will you carry
the same piinciple to the vendee, and so on ? Those
goods may have been sold a dozen limes; the in-
creased duty and increased price may have been
realized by different parties. Would you give to
the purchasers of the various forms in which those
goods have gone into the market the same right?
That would be inequitable.
Then there are other cases. This bill in some
cases raises the duties more than 50 per cent. The
same principle that the Senator seeks to apply
would require those persons who have got the
benefit of a lower rate of'duty to pay now the
addition. On woolens, for instance, we have
raised the rate of duty 10 percent.,one third,and
we have put a specific duly of 24 cents a pound
on woolen goods, so that the aggregate of the
increase on woolen goods is moie than 50 per
cent.—more than the amountimposed by the joint
resolution, it is true that there is a correspond-
ing duty on wool which will bo paid by the man-
ufacturer. But it seems to me that to carry out
such a principle as this would operate unjustly.
These parties have paid the duties required by
law. There is no reason why the money should
be refunded to them. They chose, instead of leav-
ing the goods remain in the bonded warehouses,
to take them and put them in market. They took
the risk of the increased duty. Not only that;
they paid the duties with a full knowledge that
the rate of increase would not be so large as the
50 per cent, provided for by the joint resolution.
This bill was introduced into the House of Rep-
resentatives from the Committee of Ways and
Means very soon after the joint lesolution was
passed. All persons engaged in the business of
importing knew that the proposed permanent in-
crease was not so great as 50 per cent., and they
have acted upon that idea. Some have withdrawn
their goods from bonded warehouses and realized,
others have allowed them to remain in bonded
warehouses.
It seems to me now that to require the increased
duty to be refunded would operate unjustly, in-
equitably. It would be a very severe burden on
theTreasury. I do not know how much it would
amount to; it would be very difficult to estimate.
In the case of woolen goods it would be impos-
sible to estimate whether the 50 per cent, increase
under the joint resolution was greater than the
