10%
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14,
In reference to this amendment I have exam-
ined the law, and it is totally unnecessary to make
the provision reported by the Committee on For-
eign Relations. 1*he President of the United States
has the right now to give Mr. Sanford the grade
of minister plenipotentiary.
Mr. SUMNER. If the Senator will allow me
to interrupt him there, he unquestionably has the
right to give him the grade of minister plenipo-
tentiary, but it would carry with it an increase of
salary. The object of the committee was to pre-
vent that increase of salary.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is the very point that
I wish to make to the Senator from Maine and
the Senator from Massachusetts. 'The President
of the United States may now make any of our
ministers resident envoys extraordinary and min-
isters plenipotentiary. He may confer upon them
either of the grades fixed by law. He may raise
all our ministers resident to the rank of envoys
extraordinary and ministeis plenipotentiary. It
seems to me, therefoie, that the Senator from
Maine had better yield to the amendment; be-
cause if tins amendment is not made, and the
Secretary of State or the President chooses to
raise Mr. Sanford's official position to that of
envoy textraordinary, he can very easily do so by
simply making the appointment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then the question of
salary would remain with us.
Mr. SHERMAN. But if the President shall,
according to law, give him the additional grade,
we should be bound to give him the salary fixed
by law.
Mr. FESSENDEN. His salary as minister
to Belgium Is fixed now.
Mr. SHERMAN.. No, sir. The salary for
envoys extraordinary and ministers plenipoten-
tiary is fixed by law thus: in Great Britain and
France, $17,500; in Russia, Spain, Austiin, and
some other countries named, ยง12,000; in all other
countries, ยง10,000. He may appoint mi envoy
extraordinary to cveiy count] y in Europe and
every country in America under the terms of this
law; so that it is tlv guide that Jixes the compen-
sation. Jn all other countries exiiept those named
the grade fixes the compensation at $10,000, The
President could to-morrow, if he saw fit,appoint
Mr. Sanford minister phintpotcntiaiy, and that
would carry with it, the salaiy of ยง10,000. Now,
the amendment of! he Senium from Massachusetts
is to limii the salary.
Mr. SUMA'ER. It was so undeistood in'the
committee.
Mr. SHERMAN. Cut at the same time there
is no doubt that a year or two hence, perhaps
within a year, this dilleience of compensation of
our minister plempotentiai y at Belgium and some
other countries will be pointed out, and we will
have to raise it to $12,000 a year.
Mr. SUMNER. I will mention one fact in
connection with our mission at Belgium. We
have a secretary of legation at Belgium. He is
the only minister resident in our whole list who
has a secretary of ligation. In giving a secre-
tary of legation to this minister, it was understood
that his peculiar duties at that comt made it im-
portant for him to have such a secretary; and
in that reaped his case was distinguished fioni
nil the other courts of Europe and of South Amer-
ica where we are represented by a minister lesi-
dent.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think there ia some-
thing about that which 1 can tell the Senator.
Mr. POWELL. If the Senator will allow me,
I will make a motion to adjourn.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let me make a remark
first. Mr. Piesident, I was about remaiking that
I think I can tell the Senator from Massachusetts
something with regard to liis last retnaik that he
does not now know. I wish to say, howeve'r,
that I have no idea of taking the responsibility
which belongs to the-Presidcnt. If the King of
the Belgians wishes fora minister plenipotentiary,
as lias been stated, and if the President thinks it
advisable to appoint him, let him do so. That is
his matter; and if he does i(, let the necessary
legal consequences follow. It is a new thing for
us to legislate on the subject and provide that
there shall be this office and that office at this or
that paiticular place. 1 would rather let it go on
the responsibility of the Piesident, and then we
can look out for this matter if v.v think it neces-
saiy to fix the salary in tiiat case.
Mr. SUMNER. May I correct the Senator in
one point?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly.
Mr. SUMNER. The very last instance of our
raising a mission from minister resident to a full
mission was at Turin, and that was done by a
special act which I remember I had the honor of
carrying through the Senate myself. It was done,
not on the proposition of the Administration, but
it proceeded from the other House, where, as the
Senator will remember, it was first introduced by
Mr. Burlingame. It came to this Senate, was
carefully considered in the Committee on Foreign
Relations at the time, and several of the points
to which the Senator has referred were then dis-
cussed. Theconclusion of the committee then was
that under the circumstances it wasexpedientthat
theactshould be passed. It was passed, although,
as I have said, it had no recommendation from
the Administiation.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Well, sir, I may be mis-
taken in supposing that this is the first instance
of the kind. At any rate I do not see any par-
ticular necessity for our interfering with this mis-
sion. If there is this public pressing necessity
for it the President can do as he is entitled to do
in relation to the matter; and we must meet it
when it comes to that. In all that I have said I
desire it to be distinctly understood that I throw
no sort of imputation on Mr. Sanfoid. I have a
very high opinion of him as a gentleman, a scholar,
and adiplomatist; and I would with pleasure vote
for him for any position as minister plenipoten-
tiary where we had a'full mission for which lie
was nominated; but I do not incline at all to raise
a place from one grade to another merely tor his
accommodation.
M r. POWELL. I move that the Senate do now
adiourn.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope not.
Mr. SUMNER. Let us have a vote cm this
amendment.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.  
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Mo\~r>A v, .Mayr.h 14, 1804.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. W. Y. Brown.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
EMANCIPATION IN THE DISTRICT.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretaiy of the Treasury,
transmitting additional papers, in response to the
lesolution of the House ot January 11. ill refer-
ence to emancipation in the Disti ict of Columbia;
which was laid oil the table, and ordered to be
printed.
ERROR. IN PROCEEDINGS.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to make
a statement to the House in respect to an error
in the proceedings. The Secretary of the Senate
having inadvertently announced the passage of
(he InU II. R.. C. C. No. 116, instead of the bill
H. R. C. C. No. '21G,and having since corrected
that error by certifying to the bill that actually
did pass, the Chair will cause the Journal to be
amended, and will sign the proper enrolled bill,
canceling his signature to the other.
CALL Ot' STATUS.
The SPEAKER proceeded, as the first busi-
ness in order, to call the States for bills on leave,
for reference to committees, and not to be brought
befoto the House on motions to leconsider, be-
ginning with the State of Maine.
NEW YORK MKRCANTILE INSURANCE COMPANY.
Mr. WARD introduced a bill for tin; relief of
the Mercantilelnsurance Company of New York;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
BOATS' CREWS 0? THE COLORADO.
Mr. THOMAS intioduced a joint resolution
tendering the thanks of Congress to Lieutenant
John Henry Russell, and the officers, seamen,
and marines in a boat expedition from the United
States steam frigate Colorado, for their gallantry
at Pcnsdcola; w-hic.li was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Nuval
Allan's
IOWA RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. PRICE presented joint resolutions of the
Legislature of the State of Iowa, asking tor the
passage of a law giving bounties to all soldiers
who have been mustered into the service of the
United States and who have been honorably dis-
charged on account of wounds received or disease
contracted in the service; which were ordered to
be printed, and referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
Mr. ALLISON presented similar resolutions;
which were disposed of in like manner.
KAILROAD LANDS TO IOWA.
Mr. ALLISON also presented a memorial of
the General Assembly of the State of Iowa, ask-
ing that lands be granted to the State of Iowa to
aid in the construction of a railroad from Mac-
gregor west to the Missouri river; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
WAGON ROAD IN IDAHO.
Mr. HUBBARD,of Iowa, introduced a bill for
the construction of a wagon road from the Mis-
souri river to Bannock City in Idaho Territory;
which was read a first and sccond time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. WILSON presented joint resolutions of the
Legislature of Iowa,requesting certain changes in
the" act of Congress establishing the Pacific rail-
road and its branches; which were ordered to be
printed, and referred to the select committee on the
Pacific railroad.
EQUALIZING TIIE PAY OF SOLDIERS.
Mr. GR1NNELL presented joint resolutions
of the Legislature of the State of Iowa, heartily
indorsing the policy of paying soldiers and sea-
men of African descent in the service of the Uni-
ted States the same pay as is paid to other sol-
diers and seamen of the same grade, and recog-
nizing the right of soldiers and seamen of Afucan
descent in the service of the United States to the
same pensions to which other soldiers and seamen
are entitled; which were referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
RAILROAD BETWEEN UTAII AND OREGON.
Mr. McBRIDE introduced a bill to aid in the
construction of a railroad and telegraph line{rona
SaltLake, Utah Territory, to the head of naviga-
tion on the Columbia river, Oregon, and to secure
to the Government Uieuse ot'the samefur postal,
military, and other purposes; which was read a
first and sccond time, and referred to the select
committee on the Pacific railroad.
KANSAS RAILROADS.
Mr. WILDER presented concurrent resolu-
tions of the Legislature of the State ofKansas,at-k-
mg Congress to modify the act granting lands for
the construction of the Leavenworth, Lawrcrice.
and Fort Gibson raihoad; which weie oulered tc
be printed, and referred to the Committee on Pub
lie Lands.
Mr. WlLDEFv. also presented concurrent res-
olutions of the same Legislntiuc to amend the
Pacific railroad act; which were oi tiered to be
printed, and referred to the selcct committee on
the Pacific railroad.
LAND DISTRICT IN WASHINGTON TERRITORY.
Mr. COLE, of Washington,introduced a bill to
create an additional land district in Washington
Territory; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
CONFISCATION' OP RURRL PROPERTY.
Mr. ARNOLD introduced a bill to amend the
laws providing for the confiscation of rebel prop-
erty; which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
ABOLITION OI? SLAVERY.
Mr. ARNOLD introduced a bill to secure per-
manent peace by removing the cause of the war;
which was road a first and second time.
Mr. HOLM AN moved that the hill be laid upon
the table.
TheSPEAKER. The bill could only be received
forreference,and the motion to lay upon the table
is not in order.
The bill was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciaty.
