2072
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 3,
or amusement, but to draw from it lessons?, so that
ve may guide the fortunes of the Republic aright
in the future. If we have been betrayed by treach-
erous rocks or sands, beguiled by false landmarks
or fatal current's,or misled by ignorant or wicked
pilots, it is the part of wisdom to profit by our ex-
perience and not suffer ourselves to be again be-
trayed or misled. We should scan with solicitude
the chart of the great and bloody ocean upon which
the bark of the Republic has been launched, and
upon whose surging billows it is now madly
tossed. What a period ©f vicissitude these years
have been! What gigan tic events have been piled
in upon them in terrible confusion ! What her-
culean efforts, what prodigious exertions of force,
what enormous strifes, what vast expenditures
of sorrow and agony and death, have they wit-
nessed ! From our mostglorious battle-fields come
wafted on every breeze the groans and shrieks of
the wounded and dying, telling with fearful elo-
quence not only of suffering there* but of many
a wound that no medicine can cure ia some far-
off and once happy home.
Sir, in these terrible years vicissitude has trod
rapidly upon vicissitude, change upon change.
Disaster und success, defeat and victory have
chased each other in quick succession. Wc have
, vibrated between hope and fear, and have experi-
enced quick transitions from mourning to rejoi-
cing. Now we have fallen prostrate in fasting
and humiliation at the feet of Him who had chas-
tened us by reverses, and now we have thronged
ten thousand temples to pay Him the homage
of thanksgiving for victory. We have sunk in
shame and trembled with alarm over the disgrace
of the first and second Bull Run. We have waited
in breathless suspense upon the progress of the
vital campaigns in Virginia, with their magnifi-
cent episodes ofYorktown, Williamsburg, Han-
over Court-House, Seven Oaks, and Malvern.
We have been plunged into an agony of grief and
disappointment by the tragedies of Kiedericks-
burg and Chancellorsville. Wc have breathed
bated breaths over the invasion of Maryland, the
battles of JVJurfruesboro'and Chickamauga, and
the siege of Knoxville. And we have lejoic.ed
wi(h full hearts over the victories of Antietam,
]NTew Orleans, Vicksburg, Gettysburg, and Chat-
tanooga.
Nor is this all. With tins procession of grand
military events and their alternations of emotion
there have been equally great vicissitudes of civil
events. Sir, we have witnessed the stealthy strides
of unlawful power; we have seen the theory of
the abolition of slavery in the Territories trans-
formed into its abolition everywhere; we have
noted the transition from emancipation with com-
pensation to emancipation without compensation,
from bills striking down the rights and pioperties
of individuals to acts crushing out the rights, the
institutions, and the very existence of States, as
the bill we now have under consideration proposes
to do; we have seen the negro made first a sol-
dier, then a citizen, then a member of conven-
tions, and we behold him now stretching out his
hand to grasp the exercise of the franchise and
the enjoyment of political distinction. We have
seen a reign of terror, when every man became
the spy and accuser of his neighbor; when men
were hauled to prison without knowing their ac-
cuser ortheir crime; when the habeas corpus was
struck down by proclamation, and the cowardly
act was applauded by a pliant Congress; when
the will of one man was converted into law, and the
law changed with his capricious and fluctuating
notions and ambitions; when established consti-
tutions were brushed aside like cobwebs, and
free speech and a free ballot were crushed by the
mailed hand of power. We have seen " military
necessity" hurl men into prison, invade the sanc-
tity of the hearihstone, drive citizens into banish-
ment, block up the avenues to the ballot-box, and
intimidate the free expression of political opinion.
We have seen proclamation fulminated after proc-
lamation with indecent haste, all threatening to
reduce the nation to political chaos. All this wo
have seen, and the end is not yet. New changes
and still more violent vicissitudes aie brewing,
and more intolerable dislocations are being con-
ceived, as this bill proposes. Where and when
it shall end it is for Divine Providence and the
American people to determine.
In reviewing the vicissitudes which I have de-
scribed, the unavoidable questions that present
I themselves are, "What has been gained in all this
j time?5* and "To what agency may we attribute
! that which has been gained ?" He will be a bold
man who will deny that whatsoever practical re-
i suits have been attained have been secured solely
by our armies in the field and by our Navy—by
the indomitable resolution, the unshaken con-
stancy, the unparalleled endurance and heroism
of our brave soldiers and sailors, and not by our
civil policy or the wisdom and ability of the Ad-
ministration. What has our military policy done
for us, and what has our civil policy accom-
plished? Let us see.
Our Army and Navy have given us New Or-
leans and Vicksburg and opened the Mississippi
river, cutting the confederacy in twain. Our
armies have rescued Kentucky and Tennessee.
They have saved to us our Federal capital; they
have arrested and punished the invasions of Mary-
land and Pennsylvania, Ohio and Indiana. They
gave us glorious victory at Antietam, at Gettys-
burg, and atChattanooga; and they now stand at
the great natural gateway to the heart of Georgia
and the southern confederacy. This is what our
soldiers and sailors have done.
But what have our rulers accomplished by their
civil policy? They have not won asingle strong-
hold. They have not detached a single State nor
wrested a single acre of ground from the public
enemy. They have not overcome a single army
nor struck the sword from the hand of a single
rebel. On the contrary, they have again and
again paralyzed our heroic armies when they have
been on the very verge of victory. They have
destroyed the best-laid plans and brought to naught
the labors and costly sacrifices of many a long
campaign. What man is to be found so bold as
to assert or so infatuated as to believe that a single
victory less would have been won if the President
hud never issued a proclamation or if Congress had
never passed an act except those needed to form
and maintain our armies in the field? Had the
President and Congiess been dumb on all beside,
our armies would have still won every victory
that has been gained. Nay, our victories would
have been far greater and far more decisive; for
every proclamation and every act has been firing
the spuits of the confederates and welding them
so firmly together as almost to defy the frown of
Deity.
But who will have the supreme folly to say that
if our armies had stood still, if our soldiers had
not shown valor, fortitude, and skill, the whole
brood of presidential fulminations and congres-
sional enactments would have won us a single
battle? They would have been mere waste paper,
a useless " war of words." And such, indeed,
they have been for any good results, although
they have been a prolific cause of doubts and dis-
sensions among ourselves while they have silenced
them among our enemies. In sober truth they
have been a clog and hinderanee to our armies,
and every victory that has been won has been
gained in spite of them.
I am conscious, Mr. Speaker, that it were a
bootless task for me to undertake to convince the
present Administration of the folly of their past
policy, and there is nothing to justify the hope
that, even if I might succeed in convicting their
minds, any change would be wrought upon their
future course.
That task has already been attempted by one
who has a hold upon the confidence and affection
of the people scarcely second to what was enter-
tained for Washington and Jackson; and it was
undertaken with a breadth of mind and a com-
prehensiveness of judgment, a power of thought
and language equal to anything exhibited by the
greatest statesmen in the best days of the Re-
public. But it was leceived with indifference
and contempt, and I do not flatter myself that
anything I might say will meet with a different
fate. It the Administration rejected the com-
prehensive and wise plan of military operations
submitted by General McClellan to the President
at his request—a plan which every subsequent
event has proved to be remarkable for its fore-
i eas-t and prescience, and which if it had been
adhered to would have placed us a year ago as
far in the advance as we are to-day; which would
have averted innumerable reverses, saved count-
ings lives, and prevented an incalculable outlay
of treasure and blood—if the Administration re-
jected such a plan, proceeding from such a man,
I have no right to expect that any counsels of
mine will arrest their attention or influence their
action.
And as with the military plans of this general
so also with the civil policy which he advised
should go hand in hand with it. His advice to
the Administration that they should consider the
rebellion as having assumed the character of war,
and that itoughtto be conducted upon thehighest
principles known to Christian civilization, was
rejected. His warnings not to convert the war
into one looking to the subjugation of the people
of a State, and not to make it a war against popu-
lations, but only against armed forces and polit-
ical organizations, were unheeded. His adjura-
tions that we should not contemplate the cruel con-
fiscations of property, or the political executions
of persons, or the forcible abolition of slavery,
were not listened to. His noble counsel that in
prosecuting the war all private property and un-
armed persons should be protected, subject only
to the necessity of military operations; that prop-
erty taken for military uses should be paid for,
pillage and waste to be treated as high crimes,
all unnecessary trespass be sternly prohibited, and
outrages of the soldiers upon the citizens be sternly
rebuked, was contemptuously spurned. His cau-
tion that military arrests should not be tolerated,
save where actual hostilities existed; that mili-
tary government should be confined to the preser-
vation of public order and the protection ofpolitical
rights, and the military power should be obedient
to law and not suffered to interfere with social re-
lations, was treated with contempt. His urgent
appeal to concentrate the military power against
the vital parts of the confederacy, so as to destroy
their political structure, and not to disperse it on
distant and unimportantpoints, was disregarded.
His calm and respectful admonition to the Ad-
ministration not to declare radical views on the
subject of slavery, but to follow a constitutional
and conservative system of policy, was derided,
and made the occasion of his disgrace and dis-
favor.
If no sense of obligation has saved from treat-
ment such as this the man who twice saved the
capital and gave the trembling occupants of its
palaces a respite from their unmanly fears; if n
man of such a mold was scorned and derided
for the expression of his sincere convictions and
his efforts for the public good, what ground is
there for me to hope that I can make an impres-
sion upon the impenetrable self-concoit and stub-
born willfulness of this Administration? 1 have
no such hope. They are, like Ephraim, joined
to their idols. Let them alone ! But thank Heaven
they are not yet supreme ! There is a higher au-
thority, and to it I make my appeal. It the Ad-
ministration are deaf, or blind, or fanatical, or
weak, or willful, the people, their masters, are
neither. They will listen to counsel. They are
quick to defect error, or imposture, or imbecility,
or corruption, and although they maybe misled
or deceived for a time it cannot be for long. In
the end they will follow the right, and render
justice to all. They will give honor, high reward,
arid love to the men whose counsels have been
rejected, and whose splendid services have been
treated with base ingratitude, and ignominy and
disgrace to those who have trampled on public
and private rights, and sought to prostitute a holy
war waged for the nation's life to the purposes of
apolitical faction. The American citizen is long-
suffering, and his indignation slow to move, and
it were well if those who are now trying his for-
bearance to the utmost, and who are sheltering
themselves in fancied security from his slumber-
ing indignation, would bear in mind these apt
hues:
u Patient of constitutional control,
Ji< hearts it vvnii meek manJme-^ of soul;
But if aufhonty giow wanton, woe
To him that tieads upon In-, fu'cborn toe:
One step beyond the boundary of the jaws
Fires him,at once, in freedom's gkuioiis cause."
Mr. Speaker, I have no disposition to indulge
in a merely factious opposition. And if { ciiti-
cise severely the acts of the Administration, and
reprobate, with all the earnestness i can com-
mand, the policy it has adopted in conducting
this war, it is because I am urged on by convic-
tions of duty that I cannot suppress. And it has
been my constant endeavor to effect <i change in
the management of affairs and to institute [Tdif-
feient and more beneficent national policy. And
