THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 17,
amount imposed by this. bill. It would make a
difficult and troublesome question to be settled in
every particular case. Every importer who has
t&ken out his goods under the joint resolution
•would assert a demand, and it would be very dif-
ficult to ascertain whether the amount <>f duty
imposed by "this bill is higher or lower than the
atnount imposed tinder the joint resolution. In
sdfrifc cases it is higher, in some'cases it is lower,
I think it would involve the custom-houses in irre-
trievable confusion and innumerable losses. I
do not ihittk tlfratarty injustice has been done}to
these merchants. They haVe paid the duties im-
posed; by law, and they have had the benefit of
the increased price. They need not have paid
the' duties when they did unless they chose,
fhey might have let the goods remain in bonded
warehouses subject to the future duty. They
chose to take them otU; they have sold them in
many cases and realized profit. To refund the
money would' be to give these importers an ad-
vantage which other dealers have not.
Mr. MORGAN/ Mr. President, we must now
admit, I think, that the passage of the joint reso-
lution ofthe2(Jth of April was an ill-advised meas-
ure. It will be recollected when that resolution
was before the Senate it was stated that it was
not expected that the permanent increase of duties
would be 50 per cent, i myself stated that if I
thought the increase would be 50 per cent. I
would be willing to vote for the resolution, but
inasmuch as I did not think the average increase
would amount to that, I agreed with the Finance
Committee in theiramendment to reduce itto 33|
per cent., and probably 25 per ceift. would have
teen'beuer. 1 do not think, however, that the
amount is very large—I do not know how much,
but it cannot be very large—of goods entered for
consumption on which the increased duty has
been paid. I submit to the Senate whether it is
just to have a policy that is so unstable as this
has shown itself to be. It seems to me that so
far as persons have paid these duties, it is only
equity to have the money returned to them.
Mr. HENDRICKS. 1 recollect when the joint
resolution was before this body it was proposed
by some member of the Finance Committee, I
think the chairman, to reduce the increased tax
from 50 to 33£ per cent.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The committee recom-
mended that.
Mr. HENDRICKS, And the reason given at
the time was that when the new bill would be
matured by tho committee it probably would not
impose a greater tax than 33^ per cent, increase,
and that the tax in the mean time ought-not to be
greater, as a matter of course, than that which
would finally "become the law. But it was an-
swered, and I think the Senator from California
[Mr. Conntss] made that reply $ that we could not
impose less than 50 per cent, of an increase run-
ning over'tho whole list; and on that assurance,
on that, opinion, as I believe, the Senate voted for
the 50 per cent. 1 am very sure from what was
said at that tune that the Senate would not have
voted for the 50 per cent, except for the impres-
sion that the permanent law would increase the
rate of duties at least that much.
Now, it appears that we do not do so, and the
proposition of the Senator from New York seems
to me to be just. Suppose that last week an
importer has brought in a very large supply of
goods, and lie has paid the 50 per cent. That 50
per cent, is a part of the cost of the goods to
him,or to the wholesale merchant who has pur-
chased from him. To-morrow, after we pass this
bill, the same goods are brought into the mar-
ket of the country at 20 or 30 per cent, less, be-
cause of the reduction of the tariff, and one can
undersell the other by that much. It is an act of
injustice to the commercial community just to that
extent. As the Senator from Ohio has said, 1
think there are practical difficulties about this, but
they ought to be met by a Department that asks
such unwise legislation as a sixty days' tariff; 1
do not care if 1 do impose on that Department
some hardships 
Mr. SHERMAN. I will ask my friend what
Department asked for it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Treasury Depart-
ment.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Committee of Ways
and Means reported it, and we passed it. The
Department did not ask for it,
Mr. HENDRICKS. 1 understood at the time
that it was a departmental measure. If Congress,
on its own motion, adopted what was avery im-
politic measure, as now clearly appears, Congress
ought as far as possible to correct it. I think it
was impolitic to adopt a tariff for sixty days.
The commercial woild will be afraid directly to
see the Congress of-the United States in session*
They do not know what laws are going to affect
their interests from day to day. We strike a
lick at gold one day, ana it amounts to nothing;
th£n we strike a lick at-the trade of the country,
and that amounts to a good deal. 1 think the
proposition of the Senatorfrom New York ought
to be adopted, so as to do as near justice as we
can.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Gentlemen have remem-
bered apart of whattook place, but there is some-
thing they have not remembered. The 50 per
cent, tariff came from the House of Representa-
tives, adopted as a measure, my friend from Ohio
said, in part to stop importations altogether for a
particular length of time. The Committee on Fi-
nance did not understand that it would have that
effect entirely, and they recommended several
amendments. Amongothers they recommended
to strike it down to 33| per cent.,and they did so
for the reason expressed by them very decidedly
that they did not believe that the average of the
duties would be raised above that amount. The
committee were not quite unanimous upon the
subject, itappcared,after it came into the Senate;
but the matter was argued,and I stated the belief
of the committee upon that subject, and the Sen-
ate, acting as in Committee of the Whole, voted
accordingly to strike it down to 33£ per cent.
But when the matter came into the Senate, my
friend from Ohio, a member of the committee, ral-
lied very strongly upon the idea that it was very
important riot to send the bill back to the other
House, that we must pass it at once, and if we made
any amendment to it it must go back there, and
that idea seemed to take with the Senate; and so,
although they were in favor of and believed it to
be right, as their vote had shown, to fix the in-
crease at 33j per cent., such was the fever of lay-
ing your hand upon just what you could lay it
upon that the Senate on the whole, after discus-
sion, concluded that it was best to put on 50 per
cent, as a sweeping measure, and leave matters to
be adjusted afterwards.
Now, sir, it turns out precisely as the Commit-
tee on Finance supposed it would, i may con-
gratulate my self that in one instance the committee
has been found to be right so far as its prediction
was concerned. It did not seem to me at that
time, from the very little knowledge I had of the
subject-matter, that there could beaJarge propor-
tion of articles upon which any such increase
could be made with reference to the question of
revenue,and soitseems to be. But, sir,although
that was the view I entertained at that time, and
although it has turned out to be correct, I by no
means agree to the proposition of the Senator
from New York, for the simple reason that al-
though the legislation in my judgment was some-
what unwise, yet no sort of complaint can be
made by persons who have chosen under the
joint resolution as it stood, when it was under-
stood to be a mere temporary measure, to take
their goods out of warehouse and pay the addi-
tional duty. They could have left them there
until this time if they hud seen fit to do so.
Mr. POWELL. Allow mo to ask the Senator
fiom Maine a question. Suppose a merchant
imported his goods and had them in bond, and
had made a contract to deliver the goods, could
he not be compelled to take out those goods and
pay the 50 per cent. ?
Mr, FESSENDEN. On that supposition.
But when a contract is made, goods are generally
taken out at once and the contracts are generally
that the purchaser pay the duty. We cannot legis-
late for all possible eases. We must take the
great majority. The goods that were in bond
might have remained there; the goods subse-
quently imported might have been put into bond;
and there is no probability that many goods have
been taken out unlc&s where it was to the interest
of parties to do so, because it was known that be-
fore the sixty days when the joint resolution
would expire the whole subject of duties would
be renewed, and the opinion had been expressed
(as; any one could see) that on many aitides an
increase of 5Gper cept. could not possibly be put.
Any importer who under such circumstances took
his goods out of bond add paid the 50 per cent.,
did it simply because he had made a sale and the
purchaser paid him the duty.
As was suggested by my honorable friend from
Ohio, if you take this money out of the Treas-
ury whom are you to pay it? I ask my hon-
orable friend from New York who • has'moved
this amendment, to whom should the money he
paid? If the person who sold the goods, who
took them out of bond for the purpose of trans-
ferring them to another, (and he is the only per-
son known to the custom-house,) is to receive the
money, it is just so much clear profit to him. It
is not likely that his purchaser in Maine, or Iowa,
or anywhere else would think about it; and it is
just putting into his pocket so much over and
above the profits of the sale. Some injustice haa
been done in particular cases, no doubt; but in
the great majority of cases the result has been
what I have stated,-because these men are shrewd
business men. Having the opportunity and the
right to let their goods lie in bond until they as-
certained what the duties under the new tariff
were to be, if they chose to take them out it must
have been for some very good reason known to
themselves, and we shall do nothing like justice
to anybody by refunding duties paid under those
circumstances; in fact we should do more injus-
tice than justice. I hope theamendment will not
be adopted.
Mr. SUMNER. I have already referred to one
case this evening which occurred at Salem, and
illustrates this very point—the case of the emi-
nent merchant, Mr. Bartram, who, on the 2d of
May, entered at the custom-house a cargo from
Zanzibar, and paid the duties on that day, accord-
ing to the requirement of the collector, under the
old act of 1862; the next day he received a sum-
mons to appear at the custom-house and pay the
additional 50 per cent. If he had been aware of
the passage of the joint resolution, he would,per-
haps, as the Senator from Maine says, have
allowed his cargo to remain in bond, and then he
could take advantage of the remedy provided by
this statute; but he was not in a condition to do
that, and therefore he has paid on that full cargo
the additional 50 per cent.
Mr. StJERMAN. What was the cargo?
Mr. SUMNER. It was fromZanzibar, in the
East Indies. What it was I do not know. I
know nothing beyond the fact that he made that
payment of 50 per cent.
Now, as to the practical difficulties of carrying
his out, on which Senators have placed so much
stress, do they really exist? Is it nota matterof
every day's experience at the custom-house to
pay duties under protest, and then afterwards if
it appears that the duties were not rightfully ex-
acted theGovernmentrefundsthem ? Why may
they not be refunded now?
Then the Senator from Ohio says it is not equi-
table to require this refunding; but 1 appeal to tho
Senator, what was the original purpose of the
joint resolution? Was it not to arrest foreign
importations, to prevent the market being glutted
under the old statute of 1862 in anticipation of an
approaching change of the tariff? I believe that
was the single, specific purpose. Yery well; that
has been accomplished. Now that beingaccom-
phshed, it only remains that we should remedy
any hardships, or abuses if you choose to call
them so, which may have occurred under the res-
olution, and it seems to me that the case indicated
by the amendment of my friend from New York
is one of those. Indeed, my attention had been
called to this hardship before the Senator moved
his amendment, and if he had not brought it for-
ward I should have endeavored to do so myself.
I would add one other remark. It seems,by
the admission of all, that the original resolution
now is considered to have been hasty. I do not
think that it commends itself to the judgment of
Senators generally. I think all will admit also
that it has done us no good abroad; it has not
done the national creditany good.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator voted for it
and argued for it.
Mr. SUMNER. * Certainly I was for it; I do
not mean to throw any shadow over those who
were, because if so it would fail on myself
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator will allow
me, I wish to enter my caveat.
