50
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 18,
with perfect propriety. I do not think there is
any member of the Senate—I speak now from
opinions that I have heard him express over and
over again, in advance of the rebellion and since
the rebellion commenced—who more decidedly
condemns as wholly illegal and unconstitutional
the doctrine of secession. Whatever he may have
said or thought as to the policy which the Gov-
ernment has pursued towards those who have
abused their constitutional privileges and violated
their obligations under the Constitution, I know
not; but, so far as relates to the question of the
right of secession, his opinion I know—unless he
haS changed it in the last week or two—coincides
with the very decided opinion that I have on the
same subject.
Mr. COL-LAMER. Mr. President, the pro-
posed rule now under consideration gives a prac-
tical construction to the statute as applied to this
body. It proposes that the oath prescribed in this
' recent statute shall be administered to the mem-
bers in the body and before taking their seats. I
understand that the Senator from Delaware [Mr.
Bayard] considers that two questions are involved
in this. In the first place, ho thinks that the terms
of the statute, "civil officers,13 do not include mem-
bers; and he insists that the statute, in its terms,
does not include members of the Senate. The rule
proposed goes upon the ground and declares that
it does extend to members of the Senate. That
is a question of law upon the construction of the
statute—a very legitimate subject for the consid-
eration of the Judiciary Committee. In the next
place, I understand him to insist that, by the
Constitution, if the statute is construed to extend
to and include Senators, it is beyond the power
of Congress to make such a statute.
Now, Mr. President, this last question is neces-
sarily involved in the first one, because, if the
Judiciary Committee of this body should be of
opinion that no such law could be constitution-
ally made extending to Senators, and requiring
such an oath of them, then the construction given
to the statute by every judicial body would be,
that it does not include Senators, for the very
good reason that it could not constitutionally in-
clude them. If it could not constitutionally in-
clude them, the construction must be given to
these general words, "civil officers," that it did
not mean to include them. Therefore the ques-
tion of the constitutionality of the law as applied
to Senators is involved in the other question,
whether the act extends to Senators, or the con-
verse of these propositions; they stand necessa-
rily involving each other.
The rule proposed is to give a practical con-
struction to the act by saying that it extends to
Senators, and that they shall take the oath. I at
present have no opinion to express in relation to
that question. That is the question, and that
being the question, I understand that the Senator
from Delaware desires that it may go to the Judi-
ciary Committee. What can be the objection to
that, seriously?—the question of the construc-
tion of that statute, the practical construction in-
volved in the rule he desires to have referred to
the Judiciary Committee? Should anybody be-
tray any unreasonable sensitiveness about it, and
try to get it away from examination? If any
member has any interest in having that question
considered before what he deems the proper func-
tionaries of this body, and then before the body
itself, why should he be deprived of it? I see no
necessity for it.
I make these remarks without any sort of inti-
mation of my own opinion, if I entertained one,
as to the constitutionality or the practical con-
struction to be given to the statute as applied to
Senators, one way or the other. That being the
question, I desire to hear upon it all that it is proper
to hear. I see no serious objection to the reference
of the proposed rule, if the Senator from Delaware
desires that that course be taken. I can see no
reason, however, for the substitute that is offered.
If the proposed rule be sent to the Judiciary Com-
mittee, they will express an opinion whether that
is the right, practical, and legal construction of
the statute. If they say that it is, it will then be
for the Senate to say whether they will pass it or
not, If the committee express to us the opinion
that that is not the right practical construction of
the statute under the Constitution, I should like
to hear their opinion. At any rate, I see no rea-
son why a gentleman wllQse gesj. is in yol ved should
be deprived of the ordinary privilege of having
the case considered by a committee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It seems to be assumed
by my friend, the Senatorfrom Vermont, andby
other Senators who have spoken upon the other
side of the Chamber, that this is an accusation
against the Senator from Delaware; that one of
the Senators from Delaware has a right, if he
thinks proper, to have it referred  
Mr. COLLAMER. If he desires it. It is a
courtesy always yielded.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is a courtesy due to the
Senator from Delaware that this proposed rule
should go to a committee. Now, I do not know
what the Senator from Delaware has to do with
this proposed rule more than any other Senator
in this body; and I do notknow why there should
be any sensitiveness (to use the language of my
friend from Vermont) on the part of the Senator
from Delaware, or on his part, in reference to the
Senator from Delaware. Why that sensitiveness,
let me ask, that out of courtesy to him a pro-
posed rule to operate upon all Senators who shall
enter this body should be referred to a commit-
tee ?
Mr. COLLAMER. Indulge me one moment.
The reason is, that the rule does not apply to all.
He is one of those to whom it does apply, having
been elected after the adoption of the act.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It may be so; and there
are a good many others who have been elected
since the passage of the act, and who have had
no hesitation in coming to your chair, sir, and
making oath that they have not been engaged in
this wicked rebellion againsttheGovernment; and
I might well ask, why this sensitiveness on the
part of the Senator from Vermont, that this reso-
lution should go to a committee out of deference
to the Senatorfrom Delaware? Is there any feel-
ing that this oath of allegiance to the country can-
not be taken? Certainly no allusion is made in
the proposed rule to the Senator from Delaware.
I certainly made no allusion to him; and if there
is any sensitiveness anywhere, it seems to me that
it is on the part of those who wish to shuffle this
matter off to a committee to inquire, not whether
a law should be repealed—and I am sorry that
the honorable Senator from Maryland, who thinks
that upon consideration I would come to a differ-
ent conclusion as to the duty of the committee,
has left his seat. He says it is very proper to
refer to a committee the question whether a law
should be repealed because of its unconstitution-
ality. Most assuredly it is; but is that the prop-
osition here? Sir, the proposition here is that this
committee shall be instructed to inquire " whether
the said act is in accordance or in conflict with the
Constitution of the United States." That is what
we are to inquire into, not for the purpose of re-
pealing it. No proposition is introduced by the
Senator from Delaware to repeal the act, but it is
a proposition to instruct the committee to inquire
whether an act is constitutional or in conflict with
the Constitution of the United States. That is
the subject that we are to inquire into and re-
port upon to the Senate. I think that is a novel
proceeding, with all due respect to the Senator
from Maryland, who insisted that this should go
to a committee for the purpose of making such
an inquiry as that. It is a very different question
from the one whether a bill shall be passed to re-
peal a law because of its unconstitutionality. < The
Thirty-Seventh Congress thought proper, at its
second session, to enact that—
" Hereafter every person fleeted or appointed to any office
of honor or profit under the Government of the United
States, whether m the civil, military, or naval departments
of the public service, except the President of the United
States, s.hall, before enteung upon the duties of such office,
and before being entitled to any of the salary or other emol-
uments thereof, take and subscribe the following oath:
1, A 13, do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I have never
voluntarily borne arms against the United States since I
have been a citizen thereof; that I have voluntarily given
no aid, countenance, counsel, or encouiagement to persons
engaged in aimed hostility thereto,"
I will not read the whole oath; but after pre-
scribing the form the statute goes on to declare:
t( Which said oath, so taken and signed, shall be pre-
served among the files of the court, House of Congress, or
Department to which the said office may appertain."
Mr. SAULSBURY. Will the Senator allow
me to interrupt him for a moment? I understood
the Senator to say that the only matter which the
substitute asked should be referred to the com*
mittee was the constitutionality of that act. The
Senator will see that the question whether the act
includes members of the Senate and House of
Representatives is also included in the substitute,
and as a matter to be referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary. It is a decision on both these
questions that the substitute asks shall be had
from the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am aware that there is
more than this simple requirement in regard to
the law; but it was in regard to that portion of
the instruction to which I spoke,and about which
the Senator from Maryland differed with me, and
supposed that it was an appropriate function of
the committees of this body to inquire and re-
port to the body whether laws were constitutional
or unconstitutional, without reference to any bill
to repeal any existing statute, which I think is
an unusual proceeding.
Now, sir, I do not propose to go into an argu-
ment to show that this law was intended to be
applicable to members of Congress; but the very
exception which is made in the act of the Presi-
dent of the United States, and the subsequent pro-
vision which requires that the oath shall be taken
and signed, and preserved among the files of the
House of Congress where it is taken, would seem
to point very clearly to the understanding of Con-
gress that it was intended to embrace members
of Congress as well as others. It would be rather
a singular provision to file the oaths of officers
not connected with Congress, with the papers be-
longing to Congress; and the exception of the
President, also, would seem to point to the ne-
cessity of the oath being administered to all other
persons.
That a proposed new rule should be referred
to a standing committee of this body ordinarily,
or that it may be proper enough to refer a pro-
posed rule, I would leadily admit, I should have
no objection to a reference of a proposed rule to
a committee of this body before we were called
upon to vote on its adoption or rejection; but the
rule suggested here is proposed to be referred for
a purpose and with instructions; and that pur-
pose is to inquire into two specific facts: one of
which is, whether this oath is applicable to Sen-
ators, when nearly every Senator has taken it.
I believe the Senator from Delaware [Mr. Bay-
ard] is not the only one who has not taken it. If
my recollection is not incorrect, there is more
than one Senator elected since this law went into
operation who has not taken and subscribed the
oath of allegiance to his country. The rule, there-
fore, I presume, is not entirely applicable to the
Senator from Delaware.
But, sir, 1 do not wish to be drawn off into a
discussion as to what is to be done in reference
to the Senator from Delaware, or any other Sen-
ator, in case he does not take this oath. This is
a general rule intended to apply to all cases; and
I do not know that the Senator from Delaware is
any more interested in it than any other Senator
in this body. After the Senators very generally,
perhaps, with one or two exceptions—two or
three at most—have come up and voluntarily and
cheerfully, as I am happy to say, subscribed the'
oath that they were not engaged in this wicked at-
tempt to destroy the Government, before they
were permitted to take their seats here, I think
it is rather late to inquire whether this oath prop-
erly embraces members of the Senate or not.
As I said when this bill was under discussion,
this is no new question in the Senate of the Uni-
ted States. It was argued here and insisted, when
the bill was under consideration, that Congress
had no right to pass such an act. A reference to
the files of the Globe will show the debate upon it.
The Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Bayard,] and
the Senatorfrom Kentucky, [Mr. Davis,] spoke
upon it. There was quite a discussion on the
subject as to the authority of Congress to pass a
law requiring any other oath than the oath which
the Constitution of the United States requires of
all officers. The provision of the Constitution
is in these words:
"The Senators and Representatives before mentioned,
and the members of the several State Legislatures, and all
executive and judicial officers, both of the United skates and
of the seveial States, shall be bound by oath or affirmation
to suppoit this Constitution."
Now, it is insisted that you cannot administer
to a Senator or a Representative any other oath
than an oath or affirmation to support this Con-
stitution, If that be so, it must be because this
