1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. SUMNER. Just allow me to finish the
idea I was upon. It is simply to present', what
doubtless has passed through the mind of every
Senator already, that the passage of the resolution
did not and could not have a beneficial effect on
our credit abroad. The effect of it doubtless was
to give the idea that our Treasury was perhaps
at the last gasp, and that we were almost playing
a game of grab, seizing what we could get. Now
that we are remodeling the tariff, it doe3 seem to
me that the time has come for us to review that
transaction, and to repair any hardship that may
have arisen under it. The very fact that we do
repair that hardship I think will hare a tendency
to restore our credit so far as it may have been
wounded or affected injuriously by the original
resolution."
Mr. HALE. I have paid but little attention to
this matter; but it strikes me, with all deference
to the gentlemen who have urged this proposition,
that it is the strangest proposition 1 have ever
heard made in a legislative body. It is utterly
impossible to pass any law of a general character
affecting a whole nation that will not work in-
dividual injustice in some individual cases. No
alteration of the tariff, high or low, no law of any
kind, general in its character, can be passed with-
out working out individual injustice; and if,,you
establish this precedent it will be one entirely
novel; and if you follow it up you will be called
upon next session to remedy the injustice that will
have been wrought by the passage of this tariff
bill.
It is said that the passage of the joint resolu-
tion was improvident and unwise, and that it is
so admitted. Well, sir, if Congress establishes
the principle that theeffectof itsown improvident
and unwise legislation is to be relieved by grants
of money from the Treasury, it will tax the Treas-
ury vastly more than it will to carryon the war.
It seems to me that the only thing Congress can
do is to pass laws general in their character; they
may err, they may be unwise, impolitic; but to
undertake by grants of money from the national
Treasury to remedy the consequences of such
legislation seems to me to be improper, unheard
ofj and not to be tolerated for a moment in the
Congress of the United States legislating for the
whole country.
Mr. President, we were, as everybody knows,
in a crisis that never occurred before; a new state
of things presented itself; we were looking around
to devise ways and means for raising revenue in
every possible manner that wecould, consistently
with justice and right; we contemplated what has
since come, a general change of the tariff; and to
prevent individuals speculating on their foresight
and making importations in view of this, the joint
resolution was passed, and it had to be passed
promptly to be'of any service. The only thing
we can do, whether it was wise or unwise, is to
let its burdens fall where in the course of nature,
the business of the country, and the providence
of God they do fall, and there let them rest.
Mr. CONNESS. I believe thatin the case sug-
gested by the Senator from Massachusetts the
ship came in on Sunday after the passage of the
joint resolution.
Mr. SUMNER. I know nothing about that.
Mr. CONNESS. I believe it is the same case.
That is my information. And to get the goods im-
mediately out underthe new duties,the partyen-
tered them at once on Monday and paid the duty.
It appears to me that in place of there bein a grab
game there on the part of the Government, the
grabbing was on the otherside;andaspecial pro-
vision to cover such a case, or aspecial provision
illustrated by such a case, is not, to say the least
of it, happy in the illustration. 1 agree with hon-
orable gentlemen who have presented the utter im-
possibility of applying a provision of this kind.
It would simply be erecting the head of the Treas-
ury Department into a court of equity with busi-
ness enough to occupy him for the next year,
without attending to loans or the prosecution of
his other ordinary business.
Mr. MORGAN. I think the Senator from jNew
Hampshiie need not have told us that ho had not
paid much attention to this subject. If he had
paid attention to it I think he would not have made
exactly the statement he has made, it is pretty
evident, however, that the amendment which has
been offered by me will not be adopted, for the
• Senate, I judge, is about in the condition that it
was when it passed the joint resolution; it is not
in a condition to consider anything. Nevertheless
the fact remains that you have advanced your du-
ties 50 per cent, and lowered them within sixty
days, and persons who paid the increase have got
to pocket the loss, i ask for the yeas and nays
on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were prdered.
Mr. JOHNSON". When the proposition was
first suggested to me by the honorable member
from New York who offers it I was in. favor of it,
but on reflection I think it will be improper,to
pass it.
The question being taken by vena and nays,
resulted—yeas 8, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalew, Harris, Hendricks, Morgan,
Powell, sSaulsbury, Sumner, and. Wilson—8.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Carlile, Clark, Con-
ness, Dixon, Doolittfe, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Grimes,
llale, Hat lan, Johnson, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas,
McDougall, Poineroy, tticlmrdson,Sherman, Sprague, Ten
Eyck, Tiumbull, Van Winkle, and WiHey—25.
A HSENT—Messrs. Chandler, Collamer, Cowan, Davis,
Harding, Henderson, Hicks, Howard, Howe, Morrill, Nes-
roith, Ramsey, Riddle, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wright—16.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope not. I think we
had better get through with this bill to-night.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I move to amend the bill
by inserting at the end of the third section:
On diamonds, cameos, mosaics, gems, pearls, rubies,
and other precious stones, when not set, a duty of 10 per
cent, ad valorem.
By the internal revenue bill which we have
passed we impose a duty of 10 per cent, upon all
these jewels; but by a provision connected with
that section as it was passed in the House of Rep-
resentatives we excepted from that tax of 10 per
cent, these jewels not set, upon which import du-
ties had been paid. The Senate amended that
provision, butthe House of Representatives have
non-concurred in the Senate amendment, and_ it
is more than probable that the section in the in-
ternal revenue bill will stand as it was passed by
the House of Representatives. Now, my simple
object is to equalize the duties under these two
bills. If you except jewels not set which have
paid an import duty, that import duty ought to
be of the same amount with the duty imposed by
the internal revenue bill,to wit, 10 per cent. But
by looking at the act of 1862, from which I have
framed word for word the amendment I propose,
it will be seen that the import duty on these
jewels is only 5 per cent.; so that unless this
amendment be adopted the effect will be that un-
der the internal revenue bill we impose a duty of
10 per cent. ad valorem on all these jewels, except
jewels upon which an import duty has been paid,
and that is only 5 per cent., making a discrimina-
tion in which I see no reason.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I move to amend the bill
in scction six, line forty-nine, by striking out the
words " included or;" so as to make it conform
to the law of 1861.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator will observe
that on the goods included in the schedule before
the proviso there is only a specific duty of so
much per square yard without any ai valorem duty
except in one or two instances. This is merely
putting on an additional duty if they are of a par-
ticular description, so that the words "mcludfd
or" were put in in order to cover the list of goods
in the schedule. '
Mr SPRAGUE. The Senator will sec byj-ef-
erence to the old law that this proviso will carry
with it all the items that precede it in the section.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is intended to apply
to the'm because there is no ad valorem duty on
'^Mr*. SPRAGUE. Then theseduties which are
specified as bums so much per square yard and a
peicentage in addition need not be mentioned in
this scction>because they will all come under the
35 per cent, provision; they cannot come in any
other way. ,
Mr. FESSENDEN. If you strike out the
words "included or" the duty of 35 per cent,
would not apply to the list, and the articles in the
list would not be subject to an ad valorem duty.
Mr. SPRAGUE. It will apply to the rest of
the section.
Mr. FESSENDEN. TheSenatorismistaken.;
If his object is protection, he is striding out, the,
protection he has on the other Minds of goods. '
Mr. SPRAGUE. The articles enumerated' inj
this section were enumerated intf>e,ae,tof 11361,but
none of them perhaps had then the value, qfl.6.
cents a square yard; but no win consequence of the,
rise in cotton every one of them has ihal.vjtlue^nd,
therefore the proviso affects all the descriptions
of goods mentioned in the preceding,part the-,
section. I propose only to use the words whtcji,
were used, in the law of 1861, which was go.U'en.
tip by those who were very capable,iaria who*
understood.this matter thoroughly, lt'waa done
to protect qualities of goods manufactured in this
country that come in competition with English
and other foreign goods. They were specified
by so many picks to the square inch,, and all other
goods above a certain number of picks to the,
square inch were to be taxed at a certain, percent-
age ad valorem. The advance in cotton'lias been
so great that the 35 per cent, ad valorem will ap-
ply to all those goods enumerated here it  the
first part of the section.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not understand it as
the Senator doeSj but I concede that heundemtanda
the operation of it better than I do, becausei lie.
has a practical knowledge on the subject. 1 have'
not looked into the section and the oj>eration of
it sufficiently to be able to say thqt, it wiU not
have the effect he speaks of; but 1 can see v_$r.y';
readily from the phraseology of the bill what the
object of the House of Representatives was. It
was to apply this 35 per cent, to all the goods in
the schedule and all other goods not enumerated
when they were over a certain amount. That
may cover the whole.
Mr. SPRAGUE. It will cover every one.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It was intended for that,
I suppose.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Itwasnotintended to cover
those enumerated in the first part of the section.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly it was, or they
would not have put in the words " included or
not included iu the foregoing schedules."
Mr. SPRAGUE. Then why mention those?
Why give them a specificduty? Why name the
items? ,
Mr. FESSENDEN. Because the specific duty
is different on different classes of goods.
Mr. SPRAGUE. If the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance will read ihe whole bill he will
find that in every other respect its descriptive lan-
guage is identical with the act of 1861, but in this
respect it is changed. 1 do not propose to, do more
than make the meaning clear by conforming the
language of this proviso to that of the correspond-
ing provision in the act of 1861.
Mr."FESSENDEN. The intention was to
change it; but inasmuch as the Senator seems to
be very positive about it, speaking from practical
knowledge of the subject, 1 shall not object to the
amendment, because if the amendment be made
it will be considered in the other House, whereas
if we should make no amendment to the clause
it could not be touched though we might find an
error in it. 1 make no opposition to the amend-
ment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Now I move to insert after
line fifty-eight of section six, on page 23, the fol-
lowing proviso:
Jlni provided further, That nocotton goods having more
than two hundred threads to the square inch, counting the
warp and filling, shall be admitted at a less rate of duty
than is provided for goods which are oi that number of
thread*.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I now move to amend by
striking out the following clause in line five of
section six, on page 21:
Eir*t. On cotton, raw or unmanufactured, 2 cents per
pound.
It seems to me that the condition of the cotton
market of the country should have some influ-
ence upon Senators in staying further taxation to
the people of this country upon that article. They
now pay for it 1,000 per cent, in addition to what
they were paying before this war. A duty of 2
cents per pound may not appear to increase the
price to the consumer, but it does. The Gov-
ernment will receive very little from it. There
may be a time—it will not be often, butoncc in a
while it may occur—when the American nmiiu-
