1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
lew1.
I'OX AND WISCONSIN RIVERS.
Mr. ALLISON introduced a bill to enlarge the
canals and improve the navigation of the Fox and
Wisconsin rivers, from the Mississippi river to
Lake Michigan, for military and naval purposes;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
REBELLIOUS STATES.
Mr. ASHLEY. At the request of the gentleman
from Maryland, [Mr. Davis,] chairman of the
select committee on the rebellious States, I ask
leave to present a paper to go upon the Journal of
the House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot ask
unanimous consent during the morning hour.
Mr. ASHLEY. I withdraw the request.
GRANTS FOR AGRICULTURAL COLLEGES.
Mr. ASHLEY, from the Committee on Terri-
tories, reported back House bill No. 124, extend-
ing the time within which the States and Terri-
tories may accept the grant of lands made by the
act entitled "An act donating public lands to the
several States and Territories which may provide
colleges for the benefit of agriculture and the me-
chanic arts," approved July 2, 1862; and moved
that it be referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. HOOPER. I rise to a privileged question.
1 submit a report from the committee of confer-
ence on the deficiency bill.
The Clerk read, as follows:
The committee of eonfeience on the du-aureeing votes
ot the two Houses on the amendments to tlie hill (II. R.
No. 156) to supply deficiencies in tiie appiopriation^ tor
the vice of the fiscal year ending tin: liOth ot'.lune. l£fvl,
having met, after full ami free, conference have agieed to
recommend, and do iecommend,totheii respective Houses
follows; •
That the House of Representatives recede fioin theirdis-
agi cement to the first, eleventh, and seventeenth amend-
ments of the Senate, and agn^e to the fame.
Tli.it tlie. Senate recede horn their eighteenth amend-
ment.
That the Senate lecede from <?o much of the.r third
amendment as piopos.es to stub*, out lines! eight,nine, ten,
eleven, twelve, tlm teen, and louiteen, on page 3 of said
hill,and agree to the <-ame, with an amendment a< loHowc
on page 3, line twelve, of i-aid bill, uftei the woid" Mis-
snuu," strike ont the wouls "the oftiee heieufter to be
closed," and inseit the following vvmd>: "to the 3Kt of
October, 1853, when the othee wa< closed " And that the
Jiou->e ol Representatives recede fcin *o nmeh of s^aid
thiid amendment as proposes to istiike out hues fifteen,
sixteen, and seventeen on page ci of said bill, and ngiee to
the same.
That the IIou«e of Representatives recede from their dis-
agreement to so much o! the Senate's twellth amendment
as propose?: to nisei? word< in lieu of the wmiU juopo&ed
to be slacken out, and the Senate recede fiom -o much of
their amendment as piopohes to sti ike out words, andagtce
to tlie Mime.
That the flonse ofileprcsentatives rccede fiom tlieii dis
agreement to the fifteenth amendnient ol the Senate, anil
agree to ihe same with the following amendment-.: m line
six of the matter proposed to lie inseued by said amend-
ment stuke out the word u hundred," and lii-eit in ken the
won! ut!iou*anc{and in line nine of the matter pioposed
to he inserted by said amendment stuke out all,titer tlie
word *' piovided," and in-<jrt in heu the tollowmg word=?:
" that he i eat tor no p ivment -shall fie made from tiie coutm-
centlttnd ot eithei Hou-e of (Jongie->s unles* sanctioned by
theComnntt<jeto Ami it and ("ontrol the ContiugentExpen-.es
ol the Sen it*' or the Committee of Accounts <>f the Home
of ivepM^entative-s n^pecuvely ; and no tianslei of bal-
ance^ of nppioprmtjoin shall be made fiom one fund to
anotiiei, except by law."'
That the ll<>u^e ol Rppicscntatives recede Irom their
amendment to the filth section ot llie hill.
Tli.tt tlie Hou «e o[ Repiei-entauvo la-cede tiom then dis-
agteemeul to the nineteenth amendment of tiie Senate and
a5ree to the -ame \v,!h tiie foilowingamendmeuts: ill line
eighteen of -.nid amendment strike out the w.nd "eight,"
and inseit m lieu thereot the word "five and in line nine-
teen stuke out the word ''eight*' wheie it fust oeeuis, and
m-et f in Ueu theieof thf w ord " hy and in the -aiue line
stake out the woid " eight'-1 when; it oocm- tlie second
time, and msei r m lieu then of the word '• ten and m line
twcnty-thiee, alter the word" oifiee," insert tlie following:
words: "fifteen clerk? of class tluec, liity of cla.-< two ;"5
and in the ><ime line stuke out the wind '• t\\ o," and in^-rt
in heu the word '• on^ and in the sam<x hi!" -mike i>ut the
woid andinsfit m lieuthe woid "tony;"and m line
fiftv-one strikeout tlie woid •• flinty,5-* and insult m heu
the'woid " fnteen and in line fi It) -two -tukeout the woid
" sixty,*' and insert m hru the word-; •' tiuity-fivc and m
the same line :-irike out the woid •' seventy,"' and inseit the
words " one hundied and ten and .-.tuke out ail ot line
sixty-two. „ FK5SE\DrAT3
SOLOMON1 FOOT,
Man'i"on on the -pent of Ike Senate,
* S. UOOITJl. '
CEO. 11. P'.XDLETON,
THOM VS wri.3JA.MS,
Mtma^cjs on ihc patt of the llou^c.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
gentleman from Massachusetts what the commit-
tee of conference have agreed to in regard to the
salaries of Assistant Secretaries ?
Mr. HOOPER. The Senate receded from its
amendment which fixed the salaries of all the As-
sistant Secretaries for the next year at $3,500. It
was thus stricken out as not appropriate to a de-
ficiency bill to fix salaries for the next fiscal year.
The other Senate amendment fixing the salary of
the Second Assistant Secretary of the Treasury
at $3,000 the committee recommend to concur m.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. How will
the law stand if this report be adopted ?
Mr. HOOPER. It will create the office and fix
the salary of the Second Assistant Secretary of
the Treasury at $3,000.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The Assist-
ant Secretaries of the Treasury and Navy will
receive a salary of $4,000 each.
Mr. HOOPER. The law does not touch them,
as the Senate receded from their amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then a new
office is created at $3,000 a year.
Mr. PRICE. What is the salary of the pres-
ent Assistant Secretary of the Navy?
Mr. HOOPER. Four thousand dollars.
Mr. PRICE. Why this discrimination; the
salary of some Assistant Secretaries at $3,000,
and some at §4,000?
Mr. HOOPER. The Senate having leceded
from their amendment, which was the only way
in which it got into the bill, the House had noth-
ing to do with it.
Mr. PRICE. Who beside the Assistant Sec-
retary of the Navy has a salary of $4,000?
Mr. HOOPER. The Assistant Secretary of the
Treasury. It is established by law.
Mr. PRICE. Why this discrimination?
Mr. HOOPER. Thatdiserimination was made
by a former law. 1 demand the previous question.
The previous question w<is seconded, and tlie
main question oidered; and under the operation
thereof, the report was adopted.
Mr. HOOPER moved to reconsider the vote by
which the report was adopted; and also moved
that the morion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MILITARY COMMISSIONS, ETC.
Mr. PENDLETON, under the call of States
for resolutions, using to oiler a resolution—
The SPRAKEIi stated that as the gentleman
had oilered one resolution under this call—Ohio
bein# the last State called when the call was last
suspended—he could not present another resolu-
tion without unanimous consent.
Mr. PENDLETON asked unanimous consent
to introduce the following lcsolution:
liciolvclf That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to mqune whetitei fmtlier !e<u>lattou is necessary
to enable tin'civil coints ot the United States to review
the pioceedmgs and judgments, of military eommit-dons or
comt—in<u tml. incases m which -ueh mihtaiy commissions
oi couiN-mariial have no jurisdiction, in older to secure to
the people tin* benefits of the filth amcle ot the Amendment*
to the Oon-titution, "that no pei^on shall be held to answer
for a eapn.tl or otherwise inlamou-; crime unless on a pre-
sentment oi indictment of a grand juty, except incases
aiiMiiL'm the land or naval fuicet-, or in the militia when
in actual sei vicc."
Mr. COBB objected.
h LOCATION OF NAVAL DEPOT.
Mr. SMIT1IERS introduced the following reso-
lution; which was read, considered,and agreed to:
Resolved, That in deteimmum the location of a naval
depot, the Committee on Naval Afiaiit, be inducted to ni-
qitii e mm the oApedieney of fixing the <ite on tiie Delawaie
liver at oi near the. town of NewcaMJe.
CONGRESSIONAL (iLOBE.
Mr. BROOM ALL introduced the following reso-
lution ; whit-h wa^ read, considered, and agreed to.*
\\ liereas it ih ^aid that the expense of ptintmn and Im-
ni<hin2[ the Conure -io;ial and Dajlv Giob<j exceed - the ie-
munf'idtion demed horn it, cau=inu' danget of a foj^ to the
eountiN ol Thar \aluable \\<>ik m futme. Th*>ielo>e,
ResoUal. That the Committee on PnunnL'be instructed
to mqune into tlie truth oi the -'.Ueinent; and to ! enort what
men-m"', if any. >n their judgment aic nciv-.^uj en-
able the publisher to contome the publication of that paper;
and make a lepoit by hill or othcr-vi^e.
CONDITION OP TIIE REBEL STATES.
Mr. WILLIAMS introduced the following res-
olution:
llccolveil. That the cxistins i-dati-'n between the Union
and the lebel States constitutes a euudition of public war,
with all the consequences 'attacfrmg" therfeto Uhtier'the tavv1 -
of nature and of nations, ' " " - "
That the appeal of the rebel-States"from the jurisdie'tiott
of the ordinary tribunals established by the Constitution to
the arbitiamentof the sword has not, however, withdrawn
the case beyond the purview of the Constitution, wbieftj fn
conferring the war power on the General Government, has
made the law of war tlie rule of conduct in -the .-prosecution
and adjustment of the pending controversy." * ' -
That while the rebel States are, by that law arid by the-
solemn recognition thereof in the proclamation, made by the
President of the United States on the 16th of August, A. Dv.
1861, under and in pursuance of the authority conferredion
Mm by the act of Congress of the 13th of July of the same .
year, interdicting all commercial intercourse between their,
citizens and those of the loyal States, in the attitudeof bel-
ligerents, and outside of the Union as States, by construc-
tion of law as well as in point of fact, and have thereby
either abdicated or forfeited their riahts to memberships
therein, the jurisdiction and powers"f the Government
over their territory and citizens continue unimpaired, and
the latter are still amenable to the law and the judicial tribu-
nals of the United States for their treason and other crimes
against the same.
That so long as those States continue under the armed
occupation ot the lorces of the United States employed ia
suppressing the rebellion against its authority, the local laws
ate necessarily subordinated, and the functions of the civil
authorities so far suspended therein as to prevent theexer-
ciseof a|] the lights arising out of their relations to this Gov*
ernment, and to disable them from electing members of either
branch of Congress, or electors for the choice of a President
ot'tiie United States.
That the occupation of these States by the armed forces
of the United States, either under military commanders .or
provisional governor* appointed by the Executive, resting
tor its lawfulness upon tlie condition ofinsuireetion exist-
ing therein, is. a purely military one, and ought to determine
with the necessity which pioduced it.
That as soon a* tlie rebellion is suppressed in any of the
revolting State1- by the reconquest and occupation thereof
by the aimics of the United States, and the same are sotran-
quilized as to lnrm«?h adequate a&suiartce against the recur-
rence of disturbance therein, it will become the duty of the
President to communicate the {act to Congress ift order
that it ma) take the pioper measureaforthe reorganization
of the civil governments and the leestablishment of the
civil functionaries therein, and pi escribe such terms as it
may deem wise and pioper and consistent with the public
satety for the leadmission of tiio&e districts as States of
this Union.
That it is the exclusive light of the legislative power of
the Government to f-ay upon what terms those Territories
shall be allowed to return to the Union; and that m the ad-
justment of the existing controversy in the government ad
inlawt of thereconqueied teiritory,and m the arrangement
of the tonus of rcoigamzation arid readmwsion, it will be
ontnely witlnn their competency to punish thetieason of in-
dividuals and pi ovule indemnity for the expenses ol the war
and security against any fulme outbieak of the like kind by
removing it? cause1? and confiscating absolutely the property
anderftateofthegJiiityauthoisand abettois thereof.
Mr. WILLIAMS proposing to debate the res-
olution, it went over under the rules.
COLONELS COMMANDING BRIGADES.
Mr. MILLER, of Pennsylvania, introduced
the following resolution; which was read, consid-
ered, and agreed to:
Resolved. That the Secretary of War be instructed to
furnish this House with the number and names of the col-
onels in the United States armies now commanding brig-
ades, and ihe length of time such colonels severally have
been m command.
J. AND E. FRANCE.
Mr. THAYER introduced n bill for the relief
ofJ.&E. Franco; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee of
Claims.
GENERAL CADTFALADKR IRVINE.
On motion of Mr. SCOFIELD, leave was given
to withdraw from the files of the House the papers
and petition for the payment of the balance due
General Cadwalader Irvine.
GE.N'MlAJj MEAWi'S REPORT.
Mr. KELLEY introduced the following reso-
lution; which, under the rules, was referred to
the Committee on Printing;:
RrioZrer/, That ten thousand copies of the report of Gen-
eral Meade of the battle ot Gettysbuig and the accompany-
ing lepoits ol Mibonl.uate oihcei-s be piinted foi the use of
this Home.
Mr. SCHENCIC having offered one resolution
under this call, asked unanimous consent to offer
j the following resolution:
i RcmheJ, That the committee on the rules be instructed
\ to inquire into the expediencyof amendmg the Ulstrule of
! thw House by adding thereto'the following:
J And if any member, piescnt witnin the bar of the House
; when a uite by yens and nays taken. bhalJ neglect or
' itiuse to answer !•> ins name when called, he not having
been pi eviou-«!y > xcu.-ed by the Iloiu-e, and that fact shall
be brought to the notice of the Speaker by any member im-
inedi.iteiy after the reading of the vote by the .Clerk, the
Speaker shall then dntct the name of the member not vot-
ing to be called again by the Cierk.and if said member still
declines to answer, the Speaker shall thereupon submit to
the House for its consideration and action as a question of
privilege what order shall be taken in the case of such
