1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
repealed by the House, none whatever. I under-
stand these to be the facts in the case.
Mr. WINDOM asked leave to make a remark.
Objection was made.
On ordering the main question to be now put,
on a division there were—ayes 51, noes 57.
Mr. MALLORY demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Mallory,
and Morris of New York, were appointed.
The main question was not ordered; the tell-
ers having reported—ayes 57, noes 57, and the
Speaker voting in the negative.
Mr. SMITH. I move, by unanimous consent,
to refer the resolution to a select committee of
three, with leave to report at any time.
There was no objection.
The main question was then ordered.
The motion to refer was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and found
correctly enrolled an act (H. R. No. 116) in re-
lation to university lands in Washington Terri-
tory; when the Speaker signed the same.
LIQUOli tax.
Mr. WASH BURN E, ot Illinois. I ask unan-
imous consent to introduce the following resolu-
tion:
Wliereils Con^rpwe ii;is; by tilt1 passage of the lato reve-
nue bill, ailiimed the principle of tnxmg stocks of liquors
On hand Kir sale, liy imposing a tax uponall foreign liquors
on hand:
Be it therefore resolved, That m the next revenue bill
to bo reported ft otn the Committee of Ways and Means said
comuutire is hciehy instructed to nrcoi por.ue a provision to
tax all blocks of domestic iiquors on hand tor tale at a late
of sixty cunts per gallon where no tax ha  been hud. and
forty cents pei gallon where the tax of twenty cents p tr gal-
Ion lias been paid.
Mr. STEVENS. I object.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
the rules be suspended for the purpose I have in-
dicated.
On a division there were—ayes 55, noes 46.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 54, nays 55; as follows:
FEAS — Mew. Alley, Ames, Andeison, Arnold, Au-
gustus C. Daidwin. John 1). Baldwm. Baxter, Heuman, Ja-
cob B. Blair, Bont\vell, Ambrose W. Chirk, Grcsweli,
Dawes, Donnelly, Driggs, Duniont, Ecklev, EJiot, Farns-
woith, Hale, Ilotcbki^, A-ahcl \V. IJuhbani, Joint H.
Hubbard. Jenckes, Julian, Fianers \V. Kcllo«r<r, Oilando
Kcliofftf, Kenran, Lon^year. McClurg, SamuefF. Millar,
Muorhead, Daniel Mori is,Moriison, Norton, t'erham.JPriee.
John H. liioe, Jame^ S. KoHins, Ilo<.y, Scofield, Spaldmc^
Star r, Stebbin?, John B. Steele, William C-. Steele, Thomas-,
L'p^on, Ehhu B. Wa^hbtnne, Witham B. \Ya>hbiirn,
Whaley, Williams, Wilson, and Windoiu—34.
VA VS—James (J. Allen. Aneuna, Ashley, Fian-
cj?- P. Blair, Bhs-,, Blow, Biooniall, Fieoman Chuke', Cobb,
Cole, Cox, Thomas T. Davis, Denne-on, Fetiton, Uartield,
Gtissvold, Hardin?, Harrington, Charles M. Harris. Iljjrhy,
Hooper, [volley, Knapp, Law, Louy, Malioty, Maic\, Mc
Biide, McDowell, Mi-Knriiey, William H. Miller, Moiull,
Janic- It. Moms, Xoble, Charles. O'Neill, Jdiii O'Neill
Patterson, Piuyn, Samwl J. Randall, I'o^eis. ^ehenck,
Smith, Smtlher^. Stevens, Stiles, ritrouse, Stna'rt. Thayer,
Van Vaikenlmryh, Voorhce-?. Wad.-worth, Ward, Joseph
W. White, Wilder, and Woodbridgo—55.
The rules were not suspended; two thirds not
voting in favor thereof.
Dunns; tire vote, '
Mr. ELIOT stated that Mr. Df.mi\« was paired
with Mr. Voorhees.
Mr. WILSON stated that Mr. Kasson was
paired with Mr. Pendleton.
Mr. A. MYERS stated that he was paired with
his colleague, Mr. Lazear, on all national ques-
tions, arid did not, feel at liberty to vote.
Mr. O'NEILL, of Pennsylvania, stated that his
colleague, Mr. Leonard Myers, was detained
in Philadelphia by indisposition.
Mr. ORTH stated that he was paired with his
coMeague, Mr. Cravens.
Mr. PENDLETON stated that his colleague,
Mr. JoiiNbON, was paired with Mr. Allison.
Mr. LAW stated that his colleague, Mr. Ed-
gerton, was detained from the House by illness.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
C1IIPPEWA INDIANS, ETC.
On motion of Mr. WINDOM, and by unani-
mous consent, the Committee of the Whole on the
Private Calendar was discharged from the further
consideration of a joint resolution (H. R. No. 'AS)
directing the Secretary of the Interior to ppyto the
Chippewa, Ottawa, and Pottawatomie Indians,
residing in Michigan, the sum of $150,850, and
the same was brought before the House for action.
The report was read.
The resolution was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WINDOM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NATIONAL CURRENCY.
Mr. HOOPER, by unanimous consent, reported
from the Committee of Ways and Means a bill to
provide a national currency secured by a pledge
of United States stocks, and to provide for the cir-
culation and redemption thereof; which was or-
dered to be printed, and made a special order for
Wednesday, the 23d of March, after the morning
hour, and from day to day until disposed of.
MESSAGE FROM "THE PRESIDENT.
A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States, by Mr. Nicolay,
his Private Secretary.
Also, a message announcing that the President
had approved and signed an act for the relief of
John Dickson, of Illinois.
BUSINESS ON SPEAKER'S TABLE.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the House pro-
ceed to the consideration of business on the Speak-
er's table.
The motion was agreed to.
SALE OF SURPLUS GOLD.
The fit st bill taken from the Speaker's table was
a joint resolution (H. R. No. 37) to authorize
the Secretary of the Treasury to anticipate the
payment of interest on the public debt, with the
amendments of the Senate thereto.
The question being on concurring in the Senate
amendments, they were read, as follows:
First amendment:
In line three, after the word u debt,''insert, "by a period
not exceeding one year.'*
Second amendment:
Add at the end of the resolution the following:
And k heiehy author i/«>d to di'-pove of any gold In the
Treasury of the United fcJi.rtes not necessary for the pay-
ment of interest on the public debt.
Third amendment:
Amend the title by adding the words " and forother pur-
poses."
Mr. KEIINAN. I desire to state briefly why
I trust the House will n<~>t recede from the bill as
it originally parsed the House and will disagree
to the amendment of the Senate, I presume no
one will be deceived by the attractive name given
to this bill—a bill to sell the surplus gold in the
Treasury. Such is the christening given by its
pioposers to the proposition which has been added
to our bill by the Senate. It is neither more nor
less, I submit to gentlemen than a proposition
that the Goveinment of the United States shall
use the coin in its Treasury to shave its own pa-
per at an enormous discount. The proposition
is that the Secretary of the Treasury he author-
ized to buy up ata large discountthe paper which
the Government has put forth, and upon which
it has stamped the name and the reality, as far as
ft can, of currency; that the Secretary may use
our gold and silver coin forthe purposeof shaving
that paper, giving one dollar for 60 of the pa-
per which we issued ourselves, and which we
pledged the faith of the nation we would make
good dollar for dollar m coin.
Why, sir, it occurs to every man, what would
become of the honor and the credit of the indi-
vidual who, claiming to be able to pay, who be-
ing in a position where he is required to borrow
money, should propose to use his means in shav-
ing his paper at any such rate as this, or at any
rate whatever? I congratulate the House and the
countty that this pioposition has notbeen recom-
mended by the President, or by the head of any
Department of the Government, ftdid not come
before the House recommended by the Committee
of Ways and Means, but on the contrary that
committee reported that it was a bill which ought
notto pass. It is brought in here from some other
quarter, and, I submit, is to be pu&hed through, if
at all, by influences, understood or not, which are
of a character detrimental, to thewelfareof ti&*
country and the financial credit and honor of ihar
Government. - •> '
The Government of the United States, undef
the necessities pressing uponitincarrying.onthfgf'
war, saw fit to use its credits in thefoi'm of prom-'
issory notes which it issued, and whiclt by law'
it declared should be equivalent to gold and siltfe?"
in reference to all transactions betweeji iri§ivi<iu-
als, and in the payment of all obligations wfcat*
ever. The Government pledged its faith that it
would make them good; it pledged the faith of the
nation that they would be redeemed; and yet now
there is a proposition here that we shall use our
coin in going into the market and shaving those
very obligations which were put forth*'and the
public faith solemnly pledged for their redemp-
tion. I ask gentlemen if they can find a prece*
dent of a Government which meant to maintain
its credit and keep its faith doing such an act? It
is wrong in principle. The Government of the
United States should say to the world, " We in-
sist that these obligations are good; we will make
them good; we wiil redeem them intlfe currency
of the world; and we would scorn the idea of be-
coming traffickers in our own paper, our own ob-
ligation to pay, at a depreciation."
More than that, sir; the law of the 25th of Feb-
ruary, 1862, in a special manner pledged for spe-
cified objects the coin which is now proposed to
be sold by the Government for its own paper at
a depreciation. This law authorized the issue of
$150,000,0(10 of these obligations, and made them
a legal tender. It was declared by that act that
all duties upon imported goods should be paid in
coin, and that the com so paid should be set apart
as a special fund to be applied to the purpose!
which 1 shall name. Now, I ask if any gentle-
man here believes that we have any coin beyond
what was pledged by this act?
Mr. HOOPER. 1 would ask the gentleman if
that law does not also provide for an issue o!
§500,000,000 of bonds?
Mr. KERNAN. Ceitainly; I intended to caf
attention to that. It authorized the issue of the
legal-tender notes I have mentioned, and also oi
$500,000,000 of bonds known as the five-twenties,
and it pledged the coin which should be received
from the duties on imports, and from which alone
we can now have coin in the Treasury, first, to
pay the interest on the bonds, and secondly, to
the payment of one per cent, of the debt of the
United States, to be paid in each fiscal year after
the 1st day of July, 1861. This one per cent,
should have been paid during the fiscal year end-
ing last July. One per cent, should be paid in the
fiscal year ending next July. There is no sur-
plus, and there wiil be none overand beyond the
amount required for these objects. The amend-
ment of the Senate authorizes the sale of all not
required to pay interest. It docs not reserve what
is required and was pledged should be applied in
each year to the extinguishment of one per cent,
of our entire debt.
What is it thatgives strength to the credit of the
natron? What is it that is to give us ability in
the future to go into the market and get money
upon our bonds? The fact that we have pledged
some sixty or seventy million dollars in gold to
be applied annually to the payment of interest so
far as required for that purpose, and the residue
to the payment of the principal of our debt, and
that we live up to thatpledge. Although the sink-
ing fund is small, if we faithfully apply it, confi-
dence will be inspired, and our financial credit
strengthened.
message from the senate.
A message from theSenate, by Mr.McDonald,
one of its clerks, asked the return to the Senate
of bill of the House No. 203, to amend section
nine of the act approved July 17, 1862, entitled
(i An. act to define the pay and emoluments of cer-
tain officers of the Army, and for other purposes."
There being no objection, it was ordered that
the bill be returned to the Senate. '
sulk ok surplus gold again.
The House then resumed the consideration of
the bill commonly known as the "gold bill."
Mr. KEIINAN. Mr. Speaker, this House, a
few days since, by a vote overwhelmingly large,
refused to adopt the proposition now before us:
declined to do anything except to pass the reso-
lution ofthc gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr
