1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
do not favor us with their authority for these ex-
treme positions. They do not point to that pro-
vision of the Constitution or to the construction
of any commentator which gives the least coun-
tenance to the existence of such a power in Con-
gress, much less the duty of Congress. In every
partof the Constitution, in the spirit that created
it, and in the term "Union"itself,is one pervad-
ing idea, namely, that the Government of the
United States is of limited authority, and that it
is secondary to the States in all matters relating
to the States; and, while no provision is made for
a contingency like this, nownere is it by the most
distant implications hinted that Congress can in
any possible event, either in times of peace or
war, foreign or domestic, or any possible condi-
tions of the country, interfere with, much less
subvert, modify, alter, or amend the local insti-
tutions or constitution of a State.
I have before said that I do not justify or de-
fend secession, but 1 do not fear to discuss the
question on its merits. I contend that whatever
may become of the Federal Union, the States
themselves have a positive existence. The Fed-
eral Union is the creation of the States, and hence
cannot become more powerful than the creator.
The Union, when formed, was said to be, by one
of its framers, "a bridge resting upon thirteen
pillars; take away the pillars and the bridge
falls.99 The States which claim the right to with-
draw from the Union do not alter their positions
as States; they retain the same attitude toward
each other that they held anterior to the American
Revolution and to the adoption of the Constitu-
tion. In seceding from the Union they did not
attempt to alter their relations to each other. They
are, therefore, still distinct political communities
with their own State constitutions and forms of
government deriving authority fiorn the people.
Whatever doubt as to their relation to the Fed-
eral Government, there can be none as to their
relation to each other and as to their individual
local domestic independence.
I assume, therefore, that the rebellion cannot
alter this. The Constitution cannot be expanded
to meet contingencies. Under our theory the peo-
ple themselves of the States regulate their own
domestic affairs. Each State is sovereign and
independent so far as this regulation of its muni-
cipal concerns extends. The Federal Govern-
ment can have no control over any subject of
State concern any further than was delegated to
it, and no one denies that this is restricted to cer-
tain defined and enumerated objects. Even Ham-
ilton,'the advocate of this strongest kind of gov-
ernment over the States, and the concentration
of the largest powers in the Federal Government,
did not in his wildest theories and most despotic
ideas of Federal power assume as much as this
bill. In his defense of the Constitution and ex-
planations of its powers he quoted in applica-
tion Montesquieu, who in discussing the subject
of republican government said that " the Con-
federacy may be dissolved, and the Confederates
preserve their sovereignty;" and again, "and as
this Government is composed of small republics,
it enjoys the internal happiness of each; and,
with respect to its internal situation, it is pos-
sessed by means of the association of all the ad- !
vantages of large monarchies." (The Federalist, j
paper nine, by Hamilton.) And Hamilton, in the j
same paper, which, as he says, was written " to :
illustrate the tendency of the Union to repress !
domestic faction and insurrection," fully declares j
that the American Union was simply "an as- |
semblage of societies, "or " an association of two j
or more States," &c. • ^ !
Without referring to the well-known opinions !
of Jefferson, Madison, and the great founders of j
the Republic on this point, I have here taken the i
views of the head and front of the opposition to |j
them—the ablest and most ultra man of those who i;
advocated a concentration of unlimited power in :j
the Federal Government. In a word, our Gov-
ernment is federal, not national. The former
means a league, from fadus, according to Noah ■
Webster, " derived from an agreement between I
parties, particularly between nations; consisting i
in a compact between parties, particularly and ;
chiefly between States or nations; founded on al- j
liance by contract or mutual agreement, as a Fed- '
eral Government, such as that of the United i
States." National government is of the consoh- j
dated close chararter, which recognizes no au-
thority except that which rests in the one head.
The creators of this Government designed it to be
Federal, to be a compact "of States. It hug been
so regarded ever since by thebestcommentators.
Neitherin the debates of the Convention fiorin the
Constitution itself is any other designation given
to its character. In nearly all of the States which
subsequently ratified it, and in the very able de-
bates that took place in them, as well as in the
Federalist, a collection of papers written by Madi-
son, Hamilton, and Jay, to remove the then prej-
udices and apprehensions existing in the popu-
lar mind that some portion of the rights of States
would be parted with,itis treated as such. Massa-
chusetts and New Hampshire in their ratification
of the Constitution declared that the Union was a
" compact." Webster, in his celebrated reply to
Hayne,said in speaking of certain advantages he
alleged the South had obtained in the construction
of the Government, that "nevertheless I do not
complain nor would I countenance any move-
ment to alter this arrangement of representation.
It is the original bargain—the compact*—let it
stand; let the advantages of it be fully enjoyed.
The Union itself is too full of benefits to be haz-
arded in propositions for changing its original
basis. 1 go for the Constitution as it is and for
the Union as it is." This, then, is the peculiar
nature of our form of government.
But, Mr. Speaker, this is the pet measure of
the gentleman from the third district of Mary-
land. It is his peculiar specific for all those ills
that man is heir to in this unfortunate country.
He has often' told us that the President's scheme
was folly, that it would not accomplish the pur-
pose, but that he [Mr. Davis] had discovered the
philosopher's stone, and that in this-bill would
be found the " magic wand" that would at once
remove the cause of the evil which afflicts us and
secure a permanent peace hereafter. The cause
of the rebellion he says is slavery; and this is re-
pugnant to republicanism. He portrayed in his
speech, delivered to this House March 22, all
those horrors with his usual skill, and, I may add,
without intending offense, his usual sophistry.
His speech,like thisbiii,wasfounded on the one
idea that slavery is the cause of the lebeilion,
and thatwhere slavery exists republicanism can-
not exist. He assumes that republicanism and
slavery are inconsistent with each other. This
is the motive for providing State governments for
those which he says have been " usurped." He
takes care, both in his speech and his bill, to de-
clare that in the governments which shall here-
after be provided no slavery shall exist. Now
this is assuming that heretofore those States
which have held slavery were not republican. It
casts a reflection on the slave States. Indeed it
is a hard accusation.
But, Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from Mary-
land has not always held these opinions. I think
it quite susceptible of demonstration that he be-
lieved, as I do now, that many of his present
opinions were fanatical, and that the southern
people could never be subjugated. He is an au-
thor, sir, and he is withal a traveled gentleman.
His opinions are upon record. In 1852 he wrote
a book upon national and American politics,
which I will do him the credit to say contains
many very fine passages. I hold it now in my
hand, sir. Its title isOrmuzdand Ahriman. The
object of this work was to plunge this country into
a war with Russia, and to make a coalition with
Great Britain in the accomplishment of that her-
culean undertaking. He was then, as he is now,
opposed to the establishment of monarchical gov-
ernments on this continent. But in the course of
the work he very fully discusses the nature of his
own Government, and the dangers that threaten
it by the abolition fanatics of the North and the
Quixotic secessionists of the South. On page
345he says:
"The name of the Amenean Republic is potent among
the nations, it is the uateluvoid mound the camp-fiie, it
the mode! in the tenure. u j? the hope of uiuggting hu-
man in . Ite proud elevation, its peaceful splendor, its inili-
taiy prowe-^, Intheito signaled only in defense, the plenty
that ! ew.trth irs nuiu-ti j, jt> \\ uk: asylum for the exile and
the wanderer, the simple m:ijc*tv of its Government, that,
like the power divine, 'spreads undivided andoperatesun-
spent,5 mi«hty at the extremity as at tne center, swaying
with a hiient omnipotence, powerful to punis-h, yet power-
less to oppie&s. unshaken in seventy yeius alone of all the
nations by eivd discord, unstained by fraternal blood, so
nnld m its lule tlmt uo treason lias over lilted it* hand
agamstits authority—these, itsglones. eoveravith shame,
and t an into the shade the gaudy and blood ..tamed idols
that elsewhere .crush humanity in theipcourse, and bo'asj
themselves the sole possessors on earth of ttie right di^ne
to rulc.V " ' 1 • ' 1 ': ♦ "
Again, on page 348,' he says:
t "This people has swollen within tho limits of the life of
manfrom tliree to more thantwenty-three millions, a popula-
tion sucii as France could not boast wiitfn she prostrated Eu-
rope before her march., Mgre than two rnUiiqn aimed men,
soldiers by birth, by nature, by early education, by manli-
ness of spirit, by habitnde'of sHf-reliance andself-'defcnse,
who are fitted to obey,-because accustomedto tfie obedienee
of iiberty and the laws, whom a campaign of a month'con-
verts into the regular soldier, and .the word of command in
his country's cause elevates to a herb; these men, the
cheap, yet priceless defense of the nation, stand ever ready
to guard their hearths and their altaife from hostile'fePt,
whether near or remote. Theylaugk to scornthe thought of
subjugation
In 1852, then, the gentleman from Maryland
thought that the people South as,well as iNorth
" laughed to scorn the thought of subjugation 1"
Again, on page 353, he says: ;
"The North is filled with the fanatics 'Of liberty as the
South is witli the Quixotes of slavery."
And again, on page 354, he says:
<< Fanaticism is not less dangerous because it is honest*
Theie are fanatics at both ends of the nation."
I wilj quote but one more extract to show" what
the gentleman then proposed to do; On-page 426,
he says: ■
i( This policy which I propose is no wild crusade to force
freedom on reluctant nations. It is no propagandist policy
made available for self-defense. It does not propose to en-
force liberty by the bayonet, or to preach it from the caiwp.
It is no proclamation of the rights of man to people in con-
tented or in discontentedslavery. No institutions accepted
or acquiesced in are proposed to be overthrown; still less
is any hostility felt or avowed or recommended against
kings and monarchical government."
Mr. Speaker, it will be remembered that in the
debate upon the expulsion of Mr. Long, of Ohio,
his colleague, [Mr. Schbnck,] representing the
third district of Ohio, had consumed the time of
the House by reviewing my official and political
character. Instead of discussing the great ques-
tions involved in the subject then uuuer consid-
eration, and giving to this House and the country
the benefit of his large experience in public af-
fairs, aiding Congress to extricate the country
from its present unfortunate and lamentable con-
dition, he turned upon the humble individual now
addressing you, deeming his past public career
of more importance than a consideration of the
subjects to which I have referred. I hold in my
hand, sir, the speech which he made upon that
occasion. He preferred four charges againstme.
These are, that when mayor of the city of New
York I recommended the secession of that city
from the General Government; that I had facili-
tated the passage of arms to the Governor of
Georgia after that State had seceded from the
Union; that I had once been a war Democrat,and
made a war speech at the Union square meeting
in April, 1861, and that I was responsible for the
dreadful riots that occurred in New York in July
last. At the time of this assault upon me, it will
be remembered I made an effort to get the floor
in reply, but with the usual delicacy, refinement,
and courtesy which distinguish that member,
with a waive of his military arm, he told me to
" subside," This was his language, sir; and as
was my duty under the rules of the House, which
I never will knowingly violate, 1 did "subside"
into my seat, and have had no opportunity until
now to oiler my denial to each and every one of
the accusations in the sense with which they were
preferred. He was personal, sir, in his assault,
abusing the courtesy of the House and violating
the decorum of debate. He took advantage of
the silence which he imposed upon me at the mo-
ment to make personal intimations beneath the
dignity of the House, and far beneath the con-
duct of a gentleman. In his accusation that I had
once been a war Democrat, he said he could prove
it because he was present when I addressed the
Union square meeting in 1861. He said he spoke
from the same stand with me, and that he stood
near me; and, addressing himself to the House,
he said, " You may call this an honor or a dis-
honor."
Sir, if he spoke from the stand with me, and, as
he saye, stood near me, he stood near a man who
never ingloriously fled from the battle-field, or
turned his back to an enemy; who never traduccd
the memory of Andrew Jackson, and became the
eulogist and defender of that Jeffreys of a judge
who had interfered his traitorous proclivities be-
tween Jackson and his military authority prop-
