M
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December IS.
and the seventh clause of the third section of the first niti-
cle, and other amcles and clauses contained m the Consti-
tution of the United States. That although true it is, tij.it
lie, the said William Blount, was a Senator ot the United
States from the State ot Tennessee, at the several periods
in the said articles of impeachment referred to, yet that he,
the said William, is not now a Senatouand is not, nor was
at the several peiiods so as aforesaid referred to, a civil of-
ficer of the United States, nor is he, the said William, in
and by the said articles, charged with having committed
any crime or misdemeanor in the execution of any civil
office held under the United States, nor with any mal-eon-
duet in a civil office, or abuse of any public trust in execu-
tion thereof."
That was the plea. There was a replication to
that, and thereupon issue was joined, and upon
that the Senate decided. Itis clear, therefore, that
the Senator was utterly mistaken about the issue
in that case.
Mr. SUMNER. It is perfectly well understood
that it was on a trial of impeachment; and I be-
lieve history records also that one objection to the
proceeding; by impeachment was, that this person
being a Senator was liable to be judged by his own
body, that the Constitution had provided a spe-
cific mode by which the offense of a Senator could
be punished; that is, by expulsion from the body,
so that the proceedingby impeachment was super-
fluous.
Mr.MeDOUGALL. Mr. President, when the
question of this oath was brought before the Son-
ate originally I took occasion to say that there was
no outh of allegiance to our flag, to our Consti-
tution, and to our laws, that could be adminis-
tered, which I was not ready to take. It was not
required of me nt the time to take this oath, the
law having been passed after 1 had taken my place
in the Senate; but 1 have never seen the time when
I was unwilling to take any oath that swore alle-
giance to our Constitution or our laws. When,
however, the law of 18G2 was passed, 1 did not
think, and I do not now think, that under it it
can be demanded of a Senator to take the oath
i think it one of the simplest things in true con-
stitutional law,that a person who is clothed with
authoi ity to come here to the Federal Senate,and
who conies hero and takes the oath as prescribed
by the Constitution, has a right to his scat, and
no other oath can be demanded from him. He
may take another it" he pleases.
So far as the Senator from Delaware is con-
cerned, 1 think, as he lias stated to-day, he has no
objection to the form of the oath as a mere matter
of affirmation, on his pait, but he excepts to it
technically; that is, that there is no right to de-
mand it; and if there is any rule of law or any
rule of logic, it cannot be demanded of him. His
right to a seat here is governed absolutely by
teuns established not by us, but by our fathers.
The Senate of the United States was not made by
a legislative body. It was made by a constitu-
tional body, a body established to organize a Gov-
ernment and lay down fundamental laws. Our
business is simply legislation with administration.
If I were requested to take such an oath I would
take it with pleasure if it would do the country
any good; but, as a Senator, clothed with my com-
mission, and having the right to keep my place,
I would not do it upon compulsion, if reasons
were as plenty as blackberries. I should have
been pleased if the Senator from Delaware had
deemed it agreeable to take the oath, to which he
says he has no exception; but he having been in-
clined otherwise, I do not doubt, and I feel, I
know, that lie has just the same right to his place
here that I have, or any other Senator.
I regret that this matter should be a subject of
discussion. I think there must be a disposition
on the part of some persons to deny to the little
State of Delaware its rights under the Constitution.
There is a power in the Senate that may produce
such results, and probably will. I do not know;
butl would say toSenatois who have that present
power, be careful how you exercise it. There
are such tilings as playing fantastic tricks befoie
high heaven which, it is said, sometimes make
the angels weep.
I warn those who have the power to exercise
it gently. 1 do not know but what the time may
have come, a time somewhat similar to that of
Noah, when the fountains of the great deep were
broken up, and the windows of heaven were
opened, it may be so; this may be a time of in-
tense revolution; but those who undertake revo-
lutionizing must undertake the consequences.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. is the Senate
ready for the question on referring the whole sub-
ject to the Committee on the Judiciary?
' Mr. SAULSBURY and Mr. McDOUGALL
called for the yeas and nays, and they were or-
dered.
Mr.DOOLITTLE. If this whole question in the
beginning,withoutany discussion,could have been
referred silently to thexommittee to get their opin-
ion on the question raised here, I should have pre-
ferred its reference; but a debate has arisen in-
volving the merits of the question, and probably
a considerable portion of the debate that is to oe-
cur upon it has already transpired. If it goes to
the committee, and comes back again, we shall
have the debate all over again. As we have got
on pretty well in the debate, I hope we shall go
on with it till the debate closes. I shall therefore
vote against the reference, though I would have
voted for the reference in rase it could have gone
to the committee in the morning.
The. question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 15, nays 26; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Buekalew, Collatncr, Cowan, Davis,
Foot, Haidmc, Harris, Henderson, Hendricks, MeDou^aU,
Ne«untii, Povvull, Sauishuiy, rfheunan, and Wnght—13.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Clark, Couueas, Dix-
on, Doolittle, Fesscnden, Foster, Grimes, Hale, Hailan,
Hicks, Howard, Howe, Lane ot Indiana, Lane of Kansas,
Morgan, Morrill, Pomerov, Ramsey, Sunm<>r, Ten Eyck,
Tunnbuil, Van Winkle, VVilley, and Wilson—'26.
So the Senate refused to refer the resolution to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and the question
recurred upon Mr. Saulsbury's amendment.
Mr. SAULSBURY. 1 move that the further
consideration of this subject be postponed until
Tuesday-next; and I will state simply what my
object is. My colleague wishes to be heard before
a decision is made upon this question; I know the
fact; and there arc other Senators, one of whom
is unwell, who desire to address the Senate upon
the subject. We have already heaid that the Sen-
ator from California wishes to address the Senate,
i t was stated yesterday by the Senator from Wis-
eonsin that it was very important that the Senate
should proceed to the consideration of a certain
mattei—1 believe a bill amending the conscription
law. 1 propose that the further consideration of
this subject be postponed until Tuesday next, in
order to &>ive my colleague an opportunity to be
heaid befoie the Senate. He certainly did not
expect lhatthe question would come up this morn-
ing, and in the shape in which it has been brought
before theSenate. 1 think this is nothmgunusual.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope it will not be post-
poned. 1 think every argument against a refer-
ence to the committee is equally strong against a
postponement till Tuesday next. A Senator near
mc says, " Give the Senator a chance." Why,
sir, every Senator in this body has had a chance
for nine months. It is nine months since the
chance began. We have not been in session very
much of that time, but the Senate was in session
at a called session for several days, and this is the
second week of the present session. 1 see no oc-
casion for a postponement. Every such propo-
sition is m the nature of a dilatory motion, and I
think the Senate owes it to itself to act promptly
on a matter like this, with regard to which there
can be no real question.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, I cannot
imagine the cause of the extreme anxiety which
is manifested here for what is called prompt action
| in reference to this matter. I presume there is
I nobody who, in the heat and zeal of his patriot-
ism, thinks the existence of this Government
depends upon the immediate decision of this ques-
tion. It is not probable, at least, that the insti-
tutions of the country will be overthrown, that
] the Constitution will be subverted, that the Union
will be destroyed, that universal anarchy will en-
sue if the Senate does not proceed at once to act
upon this matter.
Nothing will be gained, certainly, by persist-
ence m this course of forcing on a decision this
afternoon. The question will be debated, and
more time will be Raved perhaps by allowing Sen-
ators an opportunity to present their views m a
connected and well digested form, than by forcing
them into a debate thus hurriedly without giving
them an opportunity so to arrange their argument
!> as to confine it strictly to the matter before the
|j Senate, I hope, therefore, the motion to postpone
!; will prevail.
j: Mr. FESSENDEN. I voted against icferring
ji thi.j tesuhumn to the Committee on the Judiciaiy
for the reason that the matter had been once very
thoroughly argued as I thought; all the consider-
ations that could be presented again were once
presented to the Senate; and Congress on full
deliberation passed a law, with the approval of
the President, which is upon the statute-hook. I
thought, therefore, that it was entirely unneces-
sary, and would only lead to a waste of time, to
refer the question to the same committee to come
back with the same views, having my opinion
very definitely formed on the subject, and being
ready to vote upon it when it should arrive at the
proper stage for a vote.
This is a different, question entirely. It is a
mere question of postponement, and it is put upon
such grounds that I do not feel myself at liberty
to refuse it so far as I am individually concerned.
It certainly is a very interesting question to the
Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Bayard.] His col-
league states that he wishes to be heaid before
the Senate, that he is unwell, and is not quite
ready; and that other gentlemen wish to be heard
upon it. We have always acceded, unless in eases
of very great emergency, to requests of that kind.
It certainly is a question of great importance to
the Senator fi om Delaware, because if he declines
to take the oath there then comes the further ques-
tion what course the Senate is to adopt, and that
question becomes a very important one to him,
because, as I understand the facts, he has already
proceeded in the face of the law itself, which pro-
vides expressly that no payment shall be made to
a Senator for his service until he has taken the
oath.
More than all that; there is some excuse for
the Senator. He says here himself that he took
it for granted, as the Senate allowed other gentle-
men to go through a whole session and to receive
their compensation, and to go away without ap-
plying the oath to them, or requiring that they
should take it, that the Senate perceived and had
come to the decision in its own mind, unexpressed
in any other way, that the law did not apply to
Senators; and perhaps ho was justified m coming
to that conclusion.
Under these circumstances, with reference toa
question so important to the individual as well as
to the Senate and the country, for I accede to its
importance, although I am not disposed myself to
go over the whole ground again in regard to a
matter which has been solemnly decided, if gen-
tlemen on the other side are disposed to do so, I
can see no impropriety in it; and I do not see how,
without a violation of the ordinary course of pio-
ceeding in the Senate, we can refuse a delay of a
day or two to the Senator if he wishes to be heard
upon the question. I shall, therefore, vote for the
postponement; and although I do not usually give
the reasons for voting upon questions merely of
postponement, yet, in consequence of the strong
statement of the Senator from Massachu setts, that
it is only delay which ought not to be granted, I
have felt inclined to give the reasons for my dif-
fering from him.
Mr. SUMNER. It seems to me that there is
a middle course which, perhaps, we can all unite
Upon. The Senator from Wisconsin has already
suggested the importance of an executive session.
There are papers,it is well known, now upon the
table in executive session, which ought to be re-
feired; and if there is no objection, I will make a
motion .for an executive session, leaving this as
the pending business to be resumed on Monday.
It will come up then, of course, on Monday. I
think that, perhaps, would satisfy the idea of the
Senator from Maine. My only objection to the
postponement till Tuesday is that it is possible
that the Senate may adjourn over from Tuesday
till after the holidays, and that might be in the
way of our getting a final decision on this ques-
tion before the adjournment. I think theSenate
ought not to leave for any holidays until it has
decided this question. While 1 assent to the sug-
gestion of the Senator from Maine, and certainly
shall not stand m the way of any reasonable re-
quest for time, if any Senator desires it m any
discussion in thisbody,yet I do think, on the other
hand, with reference to the public interests, we
ought to endeavor to have a decision at as early a
day as possible. If there is no objection, I will
now interpose a motion for an executive session.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If no objec-
tion be made, the Chair will entertain that motion*
and put the question.
