2076
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 3,
erly exercised; who never aided, abetted,and en-
couraged the Mexicans in their war with the Uni-
ted States, at a time when our noble soldiery were
on Mexican Soil; who never, as the bearer of a
little'brief authority over the noble and patriotic
population of Maryland and Delaware* assumed
the air and practiced the vile prccepts of the ty-
rant and the despot, and in defiance of the Con-
stitution of the United States, and of the consti-
tutions and laws of two sovereign States of the
Union, suppressed the freedom of the ballot, de-
nying to men more loyal than himself the exer-
cise of the sacred right of franchise, and who, not-
withstanding all these dark surroundings and in-
odorous antecedents, has had the temerity to rise
in his place in this House, and measure his per-
sonal veracity with the President of the United
States, the head of his own political party, who
has been his friend and benefactor. And in this
connection, Mr. Speaker, permit me to say that
if means are furnished me by this House, I pledge
myself to resign my seat if I do not prove that the
memberhad a verbal understanding with the head
of the War Department that he could withdraw
or resume his commission as a major general in
the Army whenever he desired to do so.
But, sir, I propose to reply briefly to these ac-
cusations. First, that I recommended the seces-
sion of the city of New York from the Federal
Government. The Legislature of our State had
for several years encroached upon the municipal
rights of the city, in contravention of the consti-
tution of the State, which guarantied to every
county, city, town, and village of the State the
right to elcct their own local officers, or to have
only such as were appointed by the elective offi-
cers. The Legislature had appointed our prom-
inent officials. It had appointed commissioners
to improve our Central Park, to build a court-
house, to appoint, remove, and control our local
police and other officers possessed with the ex-
clusive control of managing more than one half
of the public duty of our city. These encroach-
ments upon our rights had become so frequent
and so alarming that it had aroused the popular in-
dignation. 1 had repeatedly remonstrated against
the exerg|se of this oppressive power, and in my
annual message delivered to the common council
on the 1st of January, 1861, I did say, after re-
ferring to these wrongs, that if they continued it
would become the duty of the city "of New York
to declare her independence of the State, to be-
come free from the State to which she paid lib-
eral taxes without receiving anything in return
bu t oppression and unjust discrimination. 1 said
this much then; I say so still. I did not recom-
mend the withdrawal of the city from the Federal
Government, as alleged by the gentleman from
Ohio. We had no quarrel with the Federal Gov-
ernment. We attempted no resistance or nulli-
fication of Federal laws. Our diffeicnces wete
with the State, and those differences still exist.
The second charge, with reference to the arms
of the State of Georgia, has been before denied
by me in this House. The member now making
His but playing second fiddle to the Delegate from
Utah, who represents here Biigham Young's do-
minions. He made the charge early in the ses-
sion, and, with far more couitesy than now is
manifested, gave me the opportunity to reply to
it, winch I did upon the moment, and satisfied,
I am confident, this House and the country that
it w?is an unjust accusation. 1 say again, as I
did then, that before the commencement of any
hostilities between theNorth and the South, while
the mail and telegraphic communication were en-
tirely open between New York and Savannah,
before there was any interruption to commerce,
or any proclamation of hostilities by the resi-
dent, that the. municipal local police of the city
of New Yoik, which, by the Legislature, had
been placed beyond the control of the mayor,
assumed the right to stop merchandise, passen-
gers, baggage, and everything on the wharf in
transitu, to Savannah, which created at the time
great excitement among the merchants and trad-
eis, who were following legitimate commerce,
and who appealed to me as mayor to interfere
for the protection of a legitimate trade. I had no
power to prevent it, and so telegraphed the Gov-
ernor of Grerugia in reply to a communication
Ironi Inn:; .mil, if fiiotr be wiong in that, my !(
eiipnii-'H aio welcome to make the moot of ir. I !■
did what! conceived to be my oliieud duly, und, II
under like circumstances, I would do the same
again.
As to the riots in the city of New York, they
have been before referred to by Mr. Davis, rep-
resenting the city of Baltimore—the author of
this bill now under discussion. He has scaicely
made a speech in this House that he has not re-
ferred to the riots of last summer in New York.
Neither he nor the member from Ohio [Mr.
Schenck] should reflect upon New York on this
ground. The city of Baltimore, and the imme-
diate constituency of the gentleman from Ma-
ryland, has long Been distinguished for its riots,
and for the honor of having some of the most
cruel and bloodthirsty rioters which have ever
disgraced any American community. As to Day-
ton, the residence of Mr. Schenck, there have
been serious riots in that little town within three
years; and but the other day a mob of drunken
soldiers broke into the office of the Empire, a
Democratic newspaper, and attempted to assassi-
nate its editors and proprietors because they dif-
fered with them in political sentiment. Was that
the result of the teachings of the gentleman from
Ohio? The city of New York, with an average
population of nearly a million, has had but two
riots in twenty years. I was not in the city of
New York at the time the riots occurred there.
I had left the city some time previous, but 1 am
well informed as to what occurred, and consider
myself capable of speaking intelligently upon that
subject. The causes of that outbreak can be
placed at the door of this Administration or its
agents. The quota demanded from the State of
New York of the number of men to be drafted in
July last was greater than it should have been.
This has been well determined and admitted by
the Administration since, and the quota demanded
from the city was especially unjust. This, with
a pervading belief that the conscription law was
not only unconstitutional but unnecessary and op-
pressive, was the original cause of hostility to the
execution of the law among the poorer classes of
people.
Again, sir, the enrollment itself was unfairly
made. There was a very significant omission on
the enrolling lists of the sons of rich men who
had political influences to exempt them, while the
poor man 'ssons, who voted the Democratic ticket,
found their names faithfully recorded. This in-
creased the excitement. Instances are within my
own knowledge where young, healthy men were
exempted for alleged physical inability because
they had the influence to which 1 have referred.
Other young men, feeble in body, were held be-
cause they had not the political influence necessary
to shield them. And when the drawing itself com-
menced the apparent unfairness with which that
was begun in some districts of the city added injury
to injury,and the people could not be restrained,
and a disturbance occurred of an oidincu-y char-
acter which could have been easily suppressed by
the exercise of the ordinary means. But this
was not what the Republican managers wanted;
they wanted the riot and a pretext for the decla-
ration of maiual law; and then it was that the
military weie ordered out—Federal soldiery, not
the local militia, under the direction of Federal
officers, secretly prompted by radical Republican
politicians—and they let fly their murderous lire
into a crowd of men, women, and children, with-
out discrimination or hesitation. I need not say
that this produced a riot. In less time than 1
have been rehearsing these facts thousands and
thousands of poor honest men were found in the
streets ready to offer up their livesa sacrifice upon
the spot rather than be torn from their families by
enemies more inimical to their rights and liberties
than those against whom tiiey were to be forced
to take up arms. I have authority, sir, ibi what
I say, and ask the Ci-Tk to read some extracts
from war papers in the city of New York, and
also an extiact from a letter from Thurlow-Weod,
whom none heic will charge with sympathy with
the rebels.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" We copy copiously liom the Herald as fo!!ow :
(l £ Tnr Kkal Conspiracy in tnr Late Fuoi .—The myv
teiy that enveloped the events ol the week ot tenor in this
city i*- ta-t being cioaied away. The invtot the (oiir-paa-
toi < has heen |hobod, and they now ."-land b foie ihe public
ni llien hideou- minis. \V hen we -aw theTubune.Tunes,,
anil j'e:f. <ia\ a I'm d<u. .mud tie tumuli nous and trying
f-e-'ite^ in Tin- <iij, (HI, .1 wirii intf-'i, actmiomous, and
bi''i)(!|liH'.tv aitiele., up < d ih.ti il.eie n,t.<
oteiu undei and buund all the \vhiih uuj
purposely hidden from the general public. Time has veri-
lied our suspicions. Facte that have come to light within
the last few days conclusively prove that the incendiary
course of the radical journals was piompted >olel> bj a
fixed deteimination to ineiea&e the extent of iheriot and to
force a colhfion between the State and national autboutiua.
" 'The latter point accomplished, it was to be followed
with the declaiation of martial law, a military governor,
and all the appliances that this salamc radical committee,
with Greeley, Raymond, Godwin &. Co. at its head, with
its dozen or fifteen tails, could bring to bear to contiol fu-
ture elections in this city. They were foiled in their evil
and bloody work by the tact and skill of Generals Wool
and Sandfoid, with the eoopeiation ol Governor Seymour.
The riot and suffering and the reign of terror were, how-
ever, extended by them at least three days by their uetari-
ous work.
"' How these radical conspirators tampered with the mili-
tary is shown by theicportsof Generals Wool and Sand-
foid. The letter of the found states that on Monday after-
noon, 13th, General Harvey Brown tendered his services.
His offer was accepted, and he was diiectcd to report to
Majoi General Handloid. It was soon tound that General
Ihown did not act in harmony with General Sandiord.
General Wool thereupon issued an order; but this Biown
did not obey, but presented himself in the evening, asking
to be excused from the opeiations of the order. Tins Gen-
eral Wool reiused to giant him, declanng—
"'That for efficient operations a heaity cooperation of
the State and United States troops with the police was ne-
ccssaiy to put down the mob.
"'General Biown peisistmg, he was excused from further
scivice. Mark the sequel. The next morning the iadic;ii
papers denounced the military authorities in Tiumeasuied
teims, and howled for martial law. General Brown also
appealed about eight o'clock in the morning at General
Wool's headquarters and asked to be reinstated, saying, in
feubatance, k that he was in the wrong.' Ho wa&icmstatcd.
What then ? The same authority states that he acted with-
out any reierence to General Sandfoid.
"' Right here conies m the important testimony of Gen-
eral Sandford. The lattei, in his official repoit, asserts—
"'That the rioters were dispersed on Monday night and
Tuesday morning, and the peace of the city would have
been restored in a few hours but for the interference of
Brevet Brigadier General Brown, who, in disobedience of
the ordeis of General Wool, withdrew the detachments* be-
longing to the General Government.'
"'Tins act so weakened the small military force in the
city that it was again placed at the mercy of the rioters,
and the bloody scenes were continued two or thiee days
longer. The Tribune clamored the next morning lor uie
removal of General Wool.
"'Tlius we have the official testimony that General Bi own
was used by the radicals, it is a well-known fact that
Generals Wool and Sandford were in frequent consultation
with Governor Seymour, and that these three oliioials
worked togethei iu harmony. Brown, on the other hand,
was no doubt urged to ask to be lemstatcd by the little ti-
tanic committees composed of Greeley, Raymond, and God -
win, they teaiing that unless he was thoie to lntei lem with
the plans of Seymoui, Wool, and Sandford, Ihe riots would
be put down, and their plans of maitial law anil conflict
between the State and national authorities defeated.
"' Brown's reinstatement was essentially necessary for
the success of their schemes. Hcnce the pretended con-
lcs-sum that lie was wrong. General Brown is no doubt a
member of a church in good standing, and a good militajy
officer. He has done good service tor his country at Foil
Pickens and other points, and, like Phelps and Jlunter, is ;i
good fighter, when the negio isnot.ibout. But hold up the
negro to such men and they foigetall their military knowl-
edge. The ladicals held up the mgger and nigjier pai ty to
Biown, and all imlUaiy ability depai led except lor mischief.
" 4 il the above fact*, which are corroborated ineveiy par-
ticular by the official icports of Generals Wool and Sand-
foid, do hot show that the New *ork not was tanned and
ted by the abolitionists, if not by the Adnnmstiation itself,
for the purpose of aiding the Republican party, then the sun
does not shine.'"
" Weed on the Mob Inciters.
"Mr. Thuiiow Weed wiote alotterexpressinghisindig-
nation at the cowardly treatment of the unoffending uegioos
by the New Yoik mob. fie inclosed a check ol '^oOO tor
their jolief, and said:
For the peisecution of the negro there is a divided re-
sponsibility. The Inutility ot iij-hnn'n to Africans is un -
woithy of men who themselves seek and find in Amenoa
an a>yhim fiom oppie Mon. Yet this hostility would not
culminate in murdei and ai^ou but for the stimulant? sup-
plied by fanatics. Journalists who persistently inflame
and exasperate the ignorant and lawless against the negro
aie lnot.ill v it'sponsible lor these outrages. But what cares
Wendell 1'bilhps how many negioes are muidetul, it their
blood fnuuslied matetial forasitation ? Theio j.-> abundant
occasion for the public abhorrence ot mob violence. But
when all jhe circumstauccs have been icviewed th<- pop-
ular condemnation of those who, while the nation is* .-.trier
ghng toi existence, thiu^tthc unoffending negro tor win d a-?
a t;ug< i for Iniunan-d mob«, will becoinegenei.il and om-
phalic. l.Tltia abi-htiniu-i- wen- haib d. in .Soufit < 'aioiiu.t,
<i- the < best itiend-' ol .-ece-sion. 1'iactieaUy, the\ are tiio
woi-t enemies ot the colored man. But toi the 1 tuan^n
mlluence" ot thc-e howling nbohtioiu-t-., in Congjc--, and
v\nh the President, lebelhon would not, in the lje<fnmmir,
have assumed such toinudable piopomom; nor, in us
pio^ro.-j would the Noith have been divided, oi tne Gov-
erMnont ci ipph-d 5 "
Mr. WOOD. Governor Seymour has been as-
sailed in this connection. Much hus been said by
the Ailministration press and politicians viirunst
his course dining those thiee days. In my judg-
ment, whoever else may take exception tu rise
policy which he adopted upon ih it occasion, the
Republicans should no}. Jt wus by lus presence
and the exuiciftie ol a kind und buichu-ut q>mt
