1100
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14,
Bout-well,] and which I believe to be wise and
right. And yet we are asked now, when there
were then only thirty-six votes in this House in
favor of such a proposition, to stultify ourselves
by adopting it, and to violate the express pledge
made of this coin for specified purposes, and to
authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to sell it
in the maiket.
Let no man, Mr. Speaker, misunderstand my
opposition to this bill. I admit that the power is
a very extraordinary one to give to any Depart-
ment or officer of the Government. Nevertheless,
I do not base my opposition to it on any offensive
grounds in relation to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury. I will assume, for the purpose of what I
have to ^ay, that he will discharge his duty as
faithfully as a man can. I base my opposition to
it, first, on the fact that it is unwise, unprece-
dented, and unheard of, for a Government that is
not going into repudiation to use its coin in the
shaving of its own paper in competition with the
brokers and speculators in the market; and sec-
ond, because the plighted faith of the nation is in
the statute .that this gold shall be appropriated,
first, to pay the interest, and second, to pay one
per cent, of the princip*! of our debt in each year,
if we live up to that, and do not fail to do our
duty in regard to taxation", then our credit will be
strong, and we will be able to borrow money on
our bonds at par in our own market and in the
markets of the world.
Mr. Speaker, if there were any surplus, as on
the estimates contained in the Secretary's report
there will not be, beyond paying our interest and
paying one per cent, each year of the principal,
the disposition proposed to be made of it is not a
wise one. I am aware, sir, that after the House
refused to pass any such bill there was a great
flutter in Wall street, New York, and gold was
pushed up. In cunfii million of my own judg-
ment I hold in iny hand a letter, private to be sure,
and which I only allude to as part of my remarks,
written by a former cashier in our State, a gen-
tleman of large property and large experience
and sound judgment, who is one of the firmest
supporters of the Administration now in power.
From this letter I will read a few words, lie was
here during the time the bill was under consider-
ation in this House. I, having great confidence
in his judgment, and not so much in my own, con-
sulted him, and he advised strenuously that the
proposition of the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Boutwell] should be passed, and that we
should not authorize the sale of com. Writing
from New York last Saturday, he says:
"I have noticed with some suipri-.e the action of tiie
Senate upon the goid bill, ami have foituied my opinion
expressed to you by eon-ultation with miiiic able men who
are not in tho clique to pur gold up; jukI they ^ay emphat-
ically the bill fioiu the iiouse 1^ the he^t ami only piopor
measure in that direction. Thcto can he no doubt gold
was purpo-selj put up when the hill parsed The Hon.^e, and
it was with the intention and belief that thn would effect
the action of the Senate. Wo have seen how well they
calculated, and how they keep it playing to effect their
purpose." * * v -v (c j behove the sound finan-
cial talent of the country will f-tand by Mi. Koutwell's
amendment, however much gold speculators ami gamblers
may howl to tho contrary. Hound and honest men may
for a time be deceived or frightened, but there can be but
one result, and tune will Vindicate the tight."
This is his opinion, I give it as a part of my
remarks, as more valuable than my own opinion.
A great clamor has been raised m some prints
and by some gentlemen out of this House against
those who voted against giving authority to sell
gold; and they have been denounced as gold-deal-
ers. I ask members whether they have known
any one of those speculating brokers who is not
eager that Congress shall authorize the sale of
gold. They thrive upon uncertainties and a vary-
ing standard of values. Up, up, up, and down,
down,down makes the harvest. If the Secretary
should sell the gold these very speculators will
buy it; and when the Secretary is sold out the
maiket will tun up, and they will become the sell-
ers. Their busmen thrives on an unsettled cur-
rency. I think then- zeal in favor of the passage
of this law arises not from the belief that tho Sec-
retary can regulate and keep the price of gold sta-
ble, but from the belief that they will have the
Government of the United States a brother-gam-
bler and broker in the gold markets, to the detri-
ment of our ciedit, the disgrace of our character,
and to the thriving ofall the men who make money
on the vaiiatioris in the price of gold, or rather in
the value of the paper currency. I trust that gen-
tlemen will not feel at ail alarmed by the clamor
of speculators, but that they will take counsel
of their own judgment. No man can suppose
that gold is permanently kept so high above paper
by the mere operations of speculators.. It is be-
cause our currency is inflated. The gentleman
from New York [Mr. Stebbins] talked about our
having §300,000,000 of Government paper cur-
rency. Why, sir, we had on the 1st of this month
nearly sixhundred million dollars of Government
paper currency in circulation, or that which is
equivalent to paper currency.
By a statement which I hold in my hand I find
that on the 1st of March, 1864, there were out-
standing and in circulation:
Of United States notes   $449,139,548
Of fractional currency  18,745,720
Of one-year Treasury notes   5,860,000
Of two-year Treasury notes   .. 95,50:2,031
£569.2-27,299
Add to this the paper currency issued by the
one hundred and forty or fifty banks recently or-
ganized under the act of Congress, and we have
about six hundred millions of paper currency
thrown upon the country in addition to that issued
by State banks arid bankeis. It is this inflation
which puts up the price of gold, as is the mode
of expression j which stimulates speculation, and
raises the nominal value of all stocks and com-
modities.
It is this, according to all the laws of currency,
according to every writer on finance and political
economy, that depreciates our paper. There is
too much of it. It is not convertible into gold
and silver; and therefore it is that there is this
difference. It is this superabundant paper cur-
rency which is raising the value of all commod-
ities, because it is depreciating that with which
they must be bought in maiket—paper currency.
The argument of my respected colleague, [Mr.
Stebcik's,]beautifully duh vered ande.\refully pre-
pared, proves, if it is correct in premises and
conclusions, that the Government paper is good,
that it should not be depreciated. It shows that
the United "States is capable of paying its debts.
Assuming this to be so, shall we destroy our credit
by using the coin in the Treasury in purchasing
our obligations at a large discount, and thus fur-
thei\depreciate this paper currency?
As 1 said before, Mr. Speaker, a debtor who can
say, " I shall be able to pay my debts," but be-
ing compelled daily to borrow money shall say
{it tho same time, " I will use the current means
I now have, property conveiubie into money,
money itself, to buy up my own paper at a large
discount," no man believes he could for a mo-
ment maintain his credit or boirow more money.
It is the fust step toward repudiation; and, for
one; so far as 1 have a vote as a member of this
Congress, one of the deparimentsof the Govern-
ment, I shall never give a vote for a proposition
which sends thc-Umted States Government into
the market to gamble with stock-brokers, and
buy in our own paper at an enormous discount.
Mr. Speaker, we can lose nothing by rejecting
this proposition. There will be no accumulation
in the Treasury. We can use the gold to pay
the interest. We can use it to pay the principal
to one percent of the public debt, to which pur-
pose it is pledged, and this will do more toward
giving us a stable eunency and strong ciedit than
anything else of this character. If there is any-
thing left—there is no prospect theie will be—-it
can be used for other legitimate purposes without
loss, and there will be no hoarding.
The gentleman's argument is that we want to
stop the gambling in gold, and to effect this we
propose to send onrTreasurerinto the market to
gamble m gold ! We say that we can pay all of
our debts, that out paper should be at par, and
theicfoie we will use all the means in our posses-
sion in shaving our own paper; thus by our acts
proving that we do not regard our paper as the
equivalent of gold and silver; cither that we do
not regard it as good, or we will be guilty our-
selves of breaking faith wi'h the public creditors
by shaving our paper instead of paying it in full.
Mr. Speaker, I regret I am not that familiar
with the laws of currency as to be able to lay be-
fore the House thefactsandarguments which can
be adduced to show fully the unsoundness of this
extraordinary remedy for a depreciated cuncnuy
sent to us from the Senate; but I appeal to the
gttod sense of every member whether there is any
wisdom in this measure, whether-we will put
down the price of gold by it, and whether we will
not by adopting it add another element to the
fierce speculation now going on? My friend from
New York [Mr.Stebbins] says there is a spirit of
speculation in the cities which ought to be checked.
We can only do it by reducing the amount of the
paper currency, by strengthening our credit, and
oy borrowing money on bonds instead of increas-
ing this paper currency by further issues by the
Government, made directly or indirectly. .The
gentleman from New York [Mr. Stecbinb] says
these national banks are only substitutes for the
old S,tate banks, and will not increase the paper
currency. That is not so. Of the one hundred
and thirty to one hundred and forty national banks
which have come into existence, scarcely one of
them is a substitute for an old bank. They add
to the volume of paper money before in existence,
and thus contribute to the inflation of prices and
the encouragement of the spirit of speculation.
These banks give the holders of their papei no se-
curity but the bonds of the United States for its
redemption, and yet the United States pay these
banks interest on these bonds, upon which they
issue paper as currency. If there is to be such a
currency it might better be issued by the United
States directly; it would be as safe for the public;
at least the interest on the bonds would be saved
to the Treasury.
But whatever are the evils growing out of the
paper currency now in existence and daily increas-
ing in amount, the measure proposed cannot, in
my judgment, afford any permanent relief. To
authorize the Secretary to sell the gold on hand,
or his making sale of it, will afford no permanent
relief against the evils of a disordered paper cur-
rency. If we do this we notonly incur disgrace
but we will fail to accomplish the only desirable
object put forth by the friends of this measure,
which is the raising of the value of paper and di-
minishing the value of gold. We will only by
this means be able to put it down for a time, and
then it will go up again, higher than before, caus-
ing greater fluctuations m values than are occur-
ring now and causing them to occur accoiding to
the arbitrary will of one man. It seems to me
that we should adhere to the views of the House
as contained in the resolution offered by the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Boutwell.]
This will prevent any considerable accumulation
of gold in the Treasury; it will be in accordance
with the pledge given by the law of February,
1863, and it will leave the laws of trade and cur-
rency to work out the adjustment of the relative
value of paper and gold, as must be the case; for
no legislation of this character will bring or tend
to bring gold, the standard of value throughout
the world, to the level of the paper currency which
has been created in this country.
Mr. PRUYN. The House by a very decided
vote a few days ago determined to adopt the prop-
osition of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Boutwell,] which limited the action of the
Secretary of the Treasury to the purchase of the
outstanding coupons of the bonds issued by the
United States which were to mature on the 1st of
July next. The Senate, it appears, has adopted,
a proposition which, as I understand it, frills hack
upon that proposition which was offered here by
my associate fiom New York, [Mr. Stkisdins:]
that is, giving power to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to sell whatis called the surplus gold at such
time and in such a manner as he may deem proper.
Whether or not it provides for a public notice of
the time and place of sale I do not recollect, nor
is it perhaps very important. The question is,
has anything occurred since the House took a
vote upon this matter last wrek which should in-
duce them now to change their ground?
We all know, as a matter of "fact, that on one
or two days last week the price of gold advanced,
or lathei the obligations of the country lessened
in value, owin<r to certain circumstances which
took place m New York. It was supposed tho
action of this House on the gold bill had affected
the New York market. But we will sec that can
hardly be so when we bear in mind that the mar-
ket has now gone back to just abouf the condition
«j it was in a week ago, and in whieh it has sub-
! stantiaily been for many weeks past. The idea
'• thnt our action here induced the result which took
i! plaec m New York one or two days following
