1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
that he did very much to allay the excitement
which existed. Had 1 been Governor of the State,
no Federal soldiery should have been allowed
within the streets of the city of New York. The
Governor of our State is commander-in-chief of
-the militia of the State, He has an army at his
command subjected to his orders; he has all the
physical and legal power to preserye public prop-
erty and to protect the peace of the State, and it
was an insult to the State of New Yoik for Fed-
eral troops to have been interfering in what was
exclusively a local matter, over which the local
authorities had the exclusive jurisdiction. And
I repeat that if any just charge can be made to
the door of Governor Seymour against his course
upon that occasion, it was thathedid not demand
of the Government the withdrawal of the Federal
troops, and if that demand had been refused,
would have "compelled them to have retired at the
point of the bayonet. He should have said that
this was our fight; these were our citizens, the
preservation of peace and of order we were re-
sponsible for, and until the city and the State au-
thorities had failed to perform their duty, the Gen-
eral Government had no right or power under the
Constitution to interfere. When the State calls
upon the Federal Government for aid, it is the
duty of the Federal Government to give it, but
until the State does, it is a usurpation for her to
attem.pt interference. These are my views of the
relative powers and duties of the two Govern-
ments on this subject—views I have always held
and shall always maintain.
And as to my address at the Union square
meeting, I did make an address there. Ididurge
the raising of soldiers to protect the Federal capi-
tal. I did more than that. Out of my own purse
I raised a regiment, the Mozart regiment, for the
purpose of protecting the capital and preserving
the integrity of the Union; and if that be guilt,
thus far am I guilty. Hut my presence at the
Union square meeting, and the men that I raised
and placed under arms, were not designed to aid
in the prosecution of an abolition crusade against
the domestic rights and interests of a sovereign
people. I have never, knowingly, from the com-
mencement of this war, contributed by word,
deed, or act, anything to facilitate the continuance
of the policy which has been pursued for three
years back; which, in my judgment, is utterly
destructive and ruinous, not only to the Union
but to numbers of people both North and South.
So far as I am personally concerned I am neither
wedded to nor shall I bccomc the victim of party.
I do not believe that either party, if pledged to a
continued prosecution of the war, and keeping
that pledge, will remove the evils which surround
us. These evils are the results of and incident
to the war. The war is the cause, and that must
be removed before the evils can cease. There-
fore I am free to say that I see no immediate re-
lief. 1 complain of no man for not thinking as I
do. There is an unnatural condition of public
sentiment. " The times are out of joint" indeed.
But they must continue out of joint for a while
longer. Guizot said that "it Is by exhaustion
and necessity that God imposes justice and good
sense upon nations." As yet our " exhaustion
and necessity" have not reached that degree of
tensity which teaches " good sense or justice."
How long it may be delayed I know not; but, be
it shorter or longer, we must wait. The like spirit
of fanaticism now pervading this country had a
duration of over a half century in England dur-
ing its period of revolution. Ours is not the first
instance in history in which the established order
of things has had to yield to the destructive spirit
of fanaticism and misrule.
Different periods present their own peculiar-
ities of the popular mind. Sometimes for a longer
or shorter period human thought and action are
progressive and conservative, while at others it
is retrograde and fanatical. In all countries dur-
ing modern ages these periodical conditions of
men's minds have developed themselves, and it
is singular that in the most enlightened and power-
ful nations of Europe these changes have been
the most frequent and violent. In France and
England examples of the most striking as well
as of the most destructive character have occurred
within the last two centuries, and it is remark-
able that in both countries these excitements have
succeeded periods of large intellectual or philo-
sophical developments. The revolution in Eng-
land which produced the death of Chailes I, and
the revolution of France, which produced the
death of Louis XVI, are examples. In each of
those countries an enlightened and elevated con-
dition of the higher classes existed immediately
preceding these occurrences, and in each country
the excitements culminated in the same results,
though flowing from widely different causes.
That of England, which covered a period 6f
over sixty years, commencing in the latter part
of the sixteenth century,had its rise in the spirit
of hostility to what had been considered tlfe es-
tablished church. Men broke violently loose
from the forms of religious ceremony, rushing
with blind zeal to the opposite extreme; surging
from a narrow bigotry to an ultraism far more
dangerous to their salvation and involving cer-
tain destruction to their temporal welfare. The
largest liberty of religious belief and form of wor-
ship were demanded as natural rights. Those
who clung to the ancient creed and ceremonies
were deemed to be the enemies of mankind and
to be put to the sword as such. Thus a fanati-
cism equally bigoted and more intolerant than
that which it sought to abolish ran rampant
through the popular heart, subverting all laws
human and divine. The established Government
was assailed, not so much because it was mon-
archical but that it was suspected of Papist in-
clinations. Personal ambition was not slow to
discover in this condition of the popular mind the
material for self-aggiandizement, and hence hos-
tility to the Crown was encouraged as part of the
duty of those who sought liberty.
This rebellious spirit added materially to the
rising tempest, and it created a power which swept
before it the feeble effort made to resist it. It
soon became irresistible. Constitutions, organic
laws, and fundamental principles of law alike fell
prostrate befor.e its dreadful march. Charles
i had neither the moral nor the physical power
to maintain himself against it. He struggled,
parleyed, threatened, but at last yielded, falling
upon the scaffold unhonored and unpitied, with-
out having earned a martyrdom in behalf of either
Church or State. It was now that fanaticism
had control—Puritanism and Oliver Cromwell as-
sumed the reins of government. The former
wasevidently,ifnotaltogether, composed ofmany
sects. It comprised a variety of religious beliefs,
all agreeing, however, in a common hostility to
the monarchy and the church of Rome. Crom-
well was their patron and representative; he be-
came the embodiment of this hostility, and with
masterly genius of discrimination,strongly backed
by military power and renown, he held the angry
conflicting zealots of fanaticism within his grasp,
controlling, as no ordinary man would havedone,
the fierce element of popular commotions which
the bloody spintof the people had evoked. This
excitement occupied the English mind for sixty
years. During this period it assumed various
phases. That internal struggle for political mas-
tery was continued and acrimonious; it was con-
sistent only in its unreasonableness, its ultraism,
its pretensions to divine sanctity, its political and
religious hypocrisy, and its opposition to all rule
except its own.
The Revolution of France was later. It oc-
currcd long after England had passed through her
religious period to which I have referred. And
as if to illustrate the fact that fanaticism is of the
same diameter and produces the same results in
all countries and at all periods of the.world, its
justification was found in an anti-religious excite-
ment opposed to divine revelation and to the ex-
istence of a God. It had its origin in the very
opposite principle to that which created the Eng-
lish Revolution. And yet it was exactly parallel
to it in all essential features and in the dreadful
fruits it produced. The social fabric was over-
turned, the established Government was demol-
ished, the ancient forms of jui ispiudence and the
fundamental systems were alike subveitcd. As
to religion, not only was the Ilomish church ig-
nored, but all forms of religion and all creeds of
faith were swept away. Atheism was the wor-
ship.
Now, sir, what is the nature of this war? From
whence has it risen? It what phase of man's
peculiar nature can be found the idea—the mov-
ing impulse, the wish, the thought, the passion—
which first prompted resort to arms, and is now
prosecuting with such hellish fury on both sidea
the dreadful work of blood and oarnage? We^o
not find in territorial dispute the cause; nor in
misunderstandings growing out of diplomatic
correspondence; nor in military conflicts; nor in
any of the causes which" have heretofore induced
quiet and free communities to resort to the arbit-
rament of the sword'. There must be some d>tber
cause, and, to warrant the nature ofthd conflict,
it must'lie in the deepest "recesses of our naUiVe,
and 16 be found in our .worst passions. ."r i
It is riot aapolitical war. Op political elements
may have afforded a'field for, the development^
the cause's which engendered it, but those causes
do not belong to the legitimate sphere of munici-
pal government nor to the maxipfis which regu-
late the policy of a party and-shape.the conduct
of an administration. 1 hey belong to the funda-
mental ideas which make apeopl^and impress a
distinctive character on the framework and or-
ganization of society. This is a war of ideas, a
thoroughly revolutionary war,an unholy breaking
of the seals of the Constitution in order to accom-
plish the reorganization of southern society, in
conformity to the plans of the socialist reformers
of the school of pseudo-philanthropists. This,is
neither a slaveholders'rebellion or an office-hold-
ers'revolt, but an aggressive movement on the
part of those who proclaimed that this Union
could not consist of States some free and others
slave. The origin of the war is that, firebrand
theory which sometimes phrased itself in an irre-
pressible conflict between " free labor "and<c cap-
ital labor." When anti-slavery fanaticism en-
tered the field of politics and tinctured the delib-
erations of party, then comnienced the growth of
sectionalism, a sectionalism doubly formidable,
as it not only alienated State from State,dividing
the Union by geographical lines, but assailed the
vital interests of the ci tizens of those States,threat-
ened the existence of their most important insti-
tutions, and demanded the unconditional surren-
der of the whole system of social oj der, to be re-
formed to suit itself. To abolish slavery by the
sword is violently, unconstitutionally, to wipe
out of existence what counted as property throe
years ago to the amount of $4,000,000,000, To
abolish slavery thus is to destroy the settled or-
der of society in sixteen States with whom the
States where this idea prevails had entered into
a solemn league and plighted faith that they and
their citizens would not interfere nor touch. To
abolish slavery by this mode is to pave the way
for universal degradation, poverty, and social
chaos, in the States where it is to operate.
I say that the principle of negro emancipation,
recognized by the bill under consideration, and
on which this war is now avowedly conducted,
and which assuredly was the moving aod effect-
ive cause of the same, involves the total disrup-
tion of society in the South and disorganization
of the Government of the North. All races, ages,
and conditions of mankind in both sections are
interested in opposing the accomphshmentof this
most disastrous experiment. Negro and Cau-
casian, bond and free, slaveholder and non-slave-
holder, are alike exposed to the evils that this
monstrous social error will engender. We of this
generation may not be able to estimate the full
measure of the misery that will follow the reali-
zation of the fantastic theory which, promising
to remove the yoke from every shoulder, will
curse the earth with sterility and man with vice
and poverty.
Apart from considerations based on a common
origin, language, religion, ties of blood and affili-
ation, long years of amity and friendly and inti-
mate association, and, above all, the obligations of
a solemn compact, which made us as substantially
one as are the parties to the matrimonial bond,
we should look to the probable consequences of
a war like this—a conflict nursed by discordant
ideas and stimulated by the exaggeration of a
social reformation, so deemed in the fanatical
brains where it has been hatched. Do we com-
prehend the character of these wars of ideas—
their long continuance, their remorseless cruelty,
and the exterminating desolation they have uni-
formly left behind them ? Amid the awful record
of bloodshed and national crimes, the most hor-
rible have been those of a social and religious
character. Rome, the conqueror and mistress of
the world, through the convulsions consequent
on the distinctions in her social constitution in-to
patrician and plebeian, was for centuries dis-
