1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
■i:
is entirely unfounded. But suppose it to be so;
suppose the action of this House did exert a tem-
porary influence upon the gold market; the ques-
tion is, was our action right or wrong? No mat-
ter what the result may be, if we were right, let
us maintain our ground; if we were wrong, let
us change.
1 do not propose to go over all the objections
to this measure which have been so ably urged
by my associates from New York, but I will al-
lude to one or two considerations connected with
it in addition to what has already been presented.
In the first plUce, by the act of 1862 the Secretary
of the Treasury is directed every year to purchase
in at least one per cent, of the tlebt of the United
States. What the condition of that sinking fund
is now I am not informed; nor do I know that
there is any information in this House in regard
to it; but from the circumstances of the Treasury
and the condition of the country, it is fair to sup-
pose that investments can or ought to be now
made for the coming year. If it has not been
made at all, then two installments aie due under
the provisions of that act, and to maintain the
pledge of the Government and realize theamount
needed to supply the deficiency in that fund will
take till the surplus gold now in the Treasury. It
cannot be that it would be tolerated on the part
of the Secretary of the Treasury to issue paper
obligations for the purpose of realizing theamount
needed for this sinking fund. Under the act of
1S62, as I understand it, he is to appropriate the
gold for thatpuipose after paying the publicdebt.
But this use of the money, it seems, would not
suit the purpose of the Secretary, as I understand
it, because, if this purchase be made for the pur-
pose of a sinking fund, it will be necessary to keep
the seeuiities so purchaeed to cancel them, and not
use them again. But the object of this measure
is to enable the Government to go into the mar-
ket to purchase up its own securities ata discount,
to obtain the Treasury notes which will be paid
in for this gold, and which the Government can
use again in the purchases which it is obliged to
make from day to day.
Now, sir, in my judgment the result of such a
measure must be mischief from the beginningto
the*end. I listened with great satisfaction to the
arguments piesented to this House by my asso-
ciate from New York, [Mr. Stebbins,] who is a
member of the Committee of Ways and Means.
They were presented ably an dclearly, and had only
one great object m view, as I understood him; and
I think the purport and substance of his remarks
has been misunderstood by some of the members
of this House. The whole point of his remarks
consisted in this: an attempt to prove the ability
of this country to meet not only its present pub-
lic debt but any debt it may be found desirable and
necessary to create for the purpose of suppress-
ing the rebellion. If, from the facts he presented,
he meant the House to draw any other inference,
then I totally disagree with him, as I told him
very frankly after he had closed his remarks; I
told him that I thought he had made the worse
appear the better season, but that he had not suc-
ceeded in convincing me that we might run on to
infinity in creating a debt. We must all admit
that there is some limit to the credit of the Gov-
ernment as theie is to that of an individual. The
question is, when will the Government reach that
point? Our resources may be great; they are
great; we may be able to do moi e than any other
people on the face of the globe; but a point must
be reached—and we arc warned fiom a very hurh
quarter that it may be reached very soon—when a
marked and very sjreat depreciation will take place
in the Gove rnment securities. It is not necessary
for me to point out the causes that may produce
this effect; but that it must in tune be produced
is just as certain as it is that the sun is to rise to-
morrow.
While, therefore, I agree with the general prop-
osition of my associate from Nav York, [Mr.
Stcbbiks,] that our country is able to bear agrcat
debt, that our condition is such that we con meet
the interest on a great debt, that the patriotism of
our people is such that they will go fuither than
any other people on the face of the globe would
go to put down this rebellion, yet I think every
member of the House will ogree with me that
there is a limit to this thing, and that it must
stop somewhere. ,
These views may not bo very closeiy applica-
ble to the question under consideration, but inas-
much as the remarks of my colleague have been
adverted to, I thought it proper to say thus much
in legard to them.
And now, sir, I desire to make one other re-
mark in regard to the measure under discussion.
What possible benefit can arise from putting a
few millions of gold in the market, and compel-
ling the Secretary of the Treasury in a few months,
at the furthest, again to borrow and use for the
operations of the Government the very amount
he has realized from this sale? If we were to ex-
tinguish this amount of the public debt by this
operation, it would be another thing; but we never
ought to undertake to go into the market to buy
up our own securities, unless it'bc for the express
purpose pointed out in the act of 18(52, to wit, to
buy in our securities for the purpose of creating
the sinking fund which that act established.
I have no charges to make in derogation of the
character of the Secretary of the Treasury, nor
would I undertake to say that he would exercise
this powerin any spiritof favoritism or partiality.
I have confidence enough in his integrity to be-
lieve that he would do what he thought best for
the Government. But I do object to placing this
power in the hands of any man—a power so great
that it may be abused for partisan or personal
purposes by any man who chooses to do it.
I trust, therefore, that the House will not de-
part from its original proposition; thatitwill hold
to the ground that the Secretary of the Treasury
may anticipate the falling due of the coupons with
or without rebate of interest. My own impres-
sion is that he has a right to do it now without
any action by Congress. The Treasury is com-
pelled to pay next July a certain amount of money
—say $20,000,000—for coupons. If the Secre-
tary of the Treasury can buy up that amount for
one, two, or three hundred thousand dollars less
than their face, at the usual rate of interest, he
has the power to do it, and to use the money in
the Treasury for that purpose; and it would be
very wise and very proper. The Secretary has
deemed it right, not wishing to exercise a power
never before exerciscd, to come to Congress and
ask for authority, as the resolution adopted by
the House proposed to give to him. That is un-
doubtedly safer and better. I respect the motive
of the Secretary of the Treasury. And I do sin-
cerely hope that the House will come to the con-
clusion that nothing has occurred in the interval
since the vote was taken on the proposition that
should induce the House to abandon the sound
and salutary principle which it then adopted.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as truly unrolled an act (H. It. No.
356) to supply defieif nc.ies in the appropriations
for the service of the fiscal year ending the 30th
of June, ]86i, and for other purposes; when the
Speaker signed the same.
SALE OF SURPLUS GOLD AGAIN.
The House resumed the consideration of the
gold bill.
Mr. COX. Mr. Speaker, in the abscnce of any
debate on the putt of the member from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Boutwell] in defense of the measure
which he propov d and advocated, I think it be-
comes some one to represent the majority of the
House, and to uige that we shall stand by our own
bill. 1 do not know whether the gentleman from
Massachusetts has given up his bill.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Docs the gentleman from
Ohio refer to me?
Mr. COX. I do.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I ccrtainly have not given
it up.
Mr. COX. I supposed from the fact that the
debate was filing, and that the gentleman had
not claimed the "floor to advocate his proposition,
that he had r« iented and abandoned it.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I have not relented at all
■ in relation to my proposition; and i intend to
state my views more ot length before the discus-
sion closes.
Mr. COX. I am very glad to hear it. I should
be v>-ry son y that the distinguished gentleman
fiom Massachusetts should have retreated from
the position he so ably maintained on this meas-
ure. As the gentleman proposes to dr<cuss it, 1
will not trouble the House with any long dissei ta-
tion; When the measure was first brought to-the
House 1 objected to its consideration because-!
could not tell on the instant the effect which it '
might have upon the business of.the country. -•■Be-
cause of my objection, it was charged byfcheN&w
York Tribune that we en this side were in the
interest of the stock and gold gamblers in Wail
street, but it turned out, if there had been any svueh
interest as that at work, that my friend from Mas-
sachusetts must have been identified with italo#g
twith thegreat majority of the House. Butall such
imputations are unfounded. I am in favor of sas-
taining the bill as it passed the House. I thiak
that our bill will accomplish the purpose sought
to be accomplished by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Hooper.] His purpose was to re-
duce the price of gold and the price of the various
articles which depend upon gold for their deprecia-
tion or their appreciation.
I understood, when the measure first came be-
fore the House, that the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Hooper] was very anxious that we
should not follow the advice of the rebel Lamar,
who said that the best way to assist the rebellion
was to keep up the price of gold, a. ' thus break
down our credit; but now', the gentleman*from
Massachusetts, after the House has given the
Secretary of the Treasury power to putgoid upon
the market by paying the interest on the public
debt, and thereby met his argument for the origi-
nal bill, disfavors the House proposition, and fa-
vors the Senate bill, which, I believe, will not ac-
complish the purpose he claimed for the original
bill. I do not believe that the price of gold will
be so affected by the Senate legislation as to reduce
its price permanently. It may have some tempo-
rary effect. Gold may go up or go down under
a momentary panic; but you might as well try to
legislate on the laws of gravitation,orhydrostat-
ics, or anything else in nature, as to control by
our expedients here the trade or currency of the
country. These matters will seek their level by
a law of their own. As long as the Government
makes its paper issues, running up now to two
billions, and which before the war shall be ended
will amount to four billions, if we are to believe
that distinguished member of the Republican
party, (Thurlow Weed,) so long will there be a
constantly increasing difference between gold and
paper. Until, by legislation, you stop paper is-
sues, you cannot stop the vicissitudes in the gold
market, or in the markets of the country. Some-
thing else besides mere legislation of this kind is
needed. You must stop the issue of that which
is called " money," in order to correct the evils
which the make-shifts of the Treasury are entail-
ing upon us. The only way to stop the appre-
ciation of gold is to stop your paper issues, which
aid its depreciation.
But, Mr. Speaker, the guards which we threw
around this biil originally, and which received the
approbation of a laraje majority of the House, so
as to prevent any speculative tendencies, have
been pushed away by the Senate. But I will not
favor any measure like that of the Senate, even
if I believed in its principles, not guarded by ad-
equate notice to those who may by competition
assist in an honest disposal of the surplus gold.
I have another reason why I object to this bill
of the Senate. I oppose it because I am jeal-
ous of power, as a. Democrat, vigilant to watch
and guard against its encroachments; jealous of
power as a Representative of the people, fearful
of the aggrandizement of moneyed influences in
the hands of the Executive or of his Cabinet, or
of his particular favorites. I oppose this bill be-
cause it gives the power absolutely, not to the
President, but to the Secretary of the Treasury,
to control the fortunes of twenty million people.
Not merely will it unsettle the price of produce,
the price of labor, but also by raising the price of
gold , which is the currency paid into the custom-
houses, the priccs of all articles of foreign im-
portation. A power like this, sir, should be lodged
with no one man. Jealousy of p.ower is the par-
ent of proper legislation; confidence in men is
the parent of despotism and corruption. I would
not trust in these times any man, however pure,
even though«he may be as spotless as the Secre-
tary of the Treasury is represented, with a power
like this to control such momentous interests as
those which are now unhappily bound up with
the operations of the gold" market.
There is something peculiar in the way w which
