1102
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14,
power has been lodged in the hands of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury. If gentlemen will ex-
amine all of the bills which have been passed since
the first bill in 1812, authorizing Treasury notes
to be issued, they will find that all of these bills
without exception authorize the President of the
United States to issue notes and bonds. When
this regime came into power the bills for the issu-
ance of money and bonds took a new shape, and
since then every act providing for Treasury notes
and bonds authorizes, not the President of the
United States, but the Secretary of-the Treasury
to issue, thefn; thus changing the laws and cus-
toms of the Government in that regard. It may
not have been intended to place such an immense
power as this in the grasp of any man. But so
it is. When you give the Secretary of the Treas-
ury power to sell this gold when he pleases, with-
out notice, let, or hinderance from any quarter;
when on his own motion or caprice he can place
at once, or withdraw at once, $20,000,000 of gold
from the market, you put into his control the in-
terests of every man, woman, and child in this
country. He has already the power by law to
buy gold when he pleases, and this gives him
power to sell gold when he pleases. If that be
the case, he or his particular friends may at any
time go into the gold market in New York, and
into the various gold markets, bubbling every day
with excitement, and they may without knowl-
edge to the public, quietly, shrewdly, run gold
up as high as they choose, or run it down as low
as they choose. They will thus have it in their
power to make fortunes at pleasure, and profits
illimitable. Whence come these fortunes and
profits? In the last analysis, you will find that
• they come from the people, from the sweat and
sinew of the people. All these miracles of ready-
made wealth come from your constituents m
Indiana, Mr. Speaker, and from mine in Ohio.
I would give no such power to any man, or to
any set of men, however good; I would place 110
such temptation before any functionary, however
honest.
Mr. Speaker, I hope that the House will ad-
here to its proposition. It accomplishes, as I
have said, ail that was originally desired when
the gold bill was introduced. Let us adhere to
the position of the popular branch of Congress,
the House of Representatives, from which all
money bills should come. 1 trust that the House
will not yield to this clamor of stock-brokeis and
gamblers, but will stand up to their own measure
as an honest, straight-forward measure, which
will command the approbation of every intelligent
and honest man in the land.
Mr. BOUT WELL obtained the floor, but yield-
ed to
Mr. ALLEY. Mr. Speaker, I did not intend
to make any remarks on this question, but seeing
that nearly everything said has been upon the
other side, I feel that it is my duty, for one, to
give the reasons which will govern my vote on
the pending proposition. I shall vote for the
amendment of the Senate, and I hope the House
will recede from the position taken by ittheother
day. I believe that the interest of the Govern-
ment and that of the people will be promoted by
such action. 1 believe it is the duty of the Gov-
ernment to protect the currency in every way
possible; and while I agree with the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Cox] in this particular, that it is
impossible for this Congress to legislate into the
people confidence in paper currency, unless theie
exists a foundation of some solidity, yet legisla-
tion is necessary to protect that currency and to
protect the interest of the Government and the
people from all that causes unnecessary depreci-
ation of the legal currency of the country'; and
while I do not attach so much importance to this
measure as some do, yet I do regard it as one
among many other instrumentalities of good, as
something to check speculation. I do notbelieve
that it is going to effect a great deal, but it will do
something. 1 think perhaps it will reduce the
premium on gold ten, fifteen,or twenty percent.,
and keep the matter more stable than it has been.
It' is very clear to my mind that it will produce
that effect, and if it does nothing more, so much
of good will have been accomplished as to justify
the measure; and, on the other hand, I can'see 110
harm to result fiom such action.
it has been said that it would be placing in the
hands of the Secretary of the Treasury enormous
power. So it will, but he already has enormous
power, and he has exercised that power wisely,
as everybody admits. While we are in this state
of war we are compelled to intrust every high of-
ficer of the Government with very great powers.
Noofficerof the Government, I believe itis agreed
on all hands, has exercised that power more
wisely, more prudently, or more conscientiously
than the distinguished Secretary of the Treasury.
If I had not confidence in the Secretary of the
Treasury I should have some doubt about the pro-
priety of this measure; but having all confidence
in him, and believing that in-his hands the power
will be productive of good and 110 evil, I do hope
the House will recede from their formeraction and
pass the resolution as it came from the Senate.
I was astonished the other day on hearing the
remarks made all around this House upon this
question, magnifying its importance both forgood
and-forevil,on the onesideand on the other; and
many of the declarations of some of the gentle-
men upon the other side seemed to me, I should
almost say, preposterous. The gentleman from
New York who is not now m his seat—[Mr. Fer-
nauco Wood]—spoke of the vast indebtedness of
this Government, and of its ultimate repudiation.
It seemed to me—no, I will not quite say that—but
1 will declare that 1 am afraid the wish was father to
the thought. I hope it wasnot so; but it seemed
to me, when he spoke of bankruptcy, desolation,
ruin, and repudiation, that it might be that the
wish was father to the thought; for, sir, I could
see no other reason under heaven for the declara-
tion of such opinions and such sentiments; for
while "all is yellow to the jaundiced vision," there
is certainly nothing in our present condition to
justify to any sound mind any such conclusions.
That gentleman drew invidious comparisons
between the financial conduct of the Butish Gov-
ernment and our own, and alluded to the policy
of England from its early history down to the close
of the Napoleonic wais; and there was scarcely
a statement that the truth of history will bear him
out in. He spoke of paper currency as origina-
ting with Charles I. In that he was entirely mis-
taken. He spoke of the action of the British Gov-
ernment ill the reign of Charles II, and the repu-
diation of their paper currency in that reign. In
that he was mistaken. There was no paper used
in England as a circulating medium until after the
establishment of the Bank of England, which was
organized in 1694, neaily ten years after the death
of Cliailes II, in the reign of William III. Then
it was that the public debt of Great Britain com-
menced, and from that day to this, with the ex-
ception of a veiy few years, it has been increas-
ing. He referred to the policy of England, and !
told us we would do well to follow her example. 1
He recommended us to follow the example of that
iliostriousstatesman, Mr. Pitt, who, hesaid,was
in favor of the largest taxation, and under whose
ministry the public debt of Great Britain wasbut
slightly increased, they raising almost all they
needed by taxation during the wars through which
they passed. Now, Mr. Speaker, the national
debt was enormously increased under Mr. Pitt,
and it was increased 111 just such a way as we are
obliged to increase our debt, and as we shall in-
crease it unless we adopt a policy different from
that suggested on the other side—and increase it
to our ruin.
The debt of Great Britain was increased, from
1793 to 1805, from 4240,000,000 to more than
double that sum. Neaily the whole of this time
was during the ministry of Pitt. It has always
seemed to me that England managed her national
debt under the auspices of Pitt very badly. But
we must remember that she was obliged at the
time to cffect loans at such ruinous sacrifices, which
were greater during the Peninsular war than at
almost any other period in her history. She was,
Ulceus in the present, contending for national life.
Her very existence as a nation depended upon
the issue of the contest. Her troubles were greatly
increased, her movements embarrassed, and her
credit greatly impaired, by a malignant and un-
principled party, few in numbers, but active and
unscrupulous, who, while pretending to patriotic
devotion to the interests of the country, were de-
nouncing and assailing the administration of the
Government in every possible way, and not with-
out effect. But when the Government triumphed
and its imperiled existence was preserved, these
men were remembered by the people, and not one
of their leaders was ever after honored or trusted
by the British public. Their debt was more than
trebled from 1793 to 1814. The policy of Eng-
land always was to keep control of the currency;
and the Government in great degree regulated the
price of gold during the long penod of the suspen-
sion of specie payments by the Bank of England.
If she had been as wise in regard to her mode of
contracting and funding debts as she was in regu-
lating and controlling the currency she would
never have been burdened with such a debt as
she now has, a debt of over 4800,000,000, equal
to $4,000,000,000—a debt whiclvwas increased
during the Napoleonic wars 4500,000,000 or
$2,500,000,000. And how was it thus increased?
By the same policy by which we are now to some
extentat least increasing our debt. Great Britain
for that 4800,000,000, or at least six hundred mil-
lions of it, never received over two thirds the
amount in value. A large per cent, of that loss
was ascribable to her bad financiering. Taking the
period of time from 1736 to the present hour the
British Government never received for this enor-
mous debt, on an average, more than sixty to
sixty-five cents on the dollar in bona-fide value.
Many of our negotiations and loans have not prac-
tically netted us much more than that. If we do
not increase our taxation or exert the power
which is in our hands to control this speculation
and to regulate the currency, we shall find ita great
deal worse than England found it in the darkest
period of her history.
Now, Mr. Speaker, there is one measure which
we have got to resort to to save this nation from
impending financial ruin, which must inevitably
come upon us if we do not resort to it; but there
is only one measure that will do it, and that meas-
ure is the fullest taxation. If you will tax the
people, as you ought to tax them, to such an ex-
tent that it will secure the confidence of the people
in the ultimate paymentof our securities, you will
then secure the full value for all our indebtedness,
and you will not do it without that. Pass this
measure, and give the Secretary of the Treasury
the power to contrbl to some extent the gold mar-
ket, and you deprive the gold speculators of the
power to raise the price of gold beyond what the
confidence of the country establishes it at; and the
confidence of the country will establish gold at a
price just proportionate to our willingness and
ability ultimately to pay our indebtedness, as will
be shown chiefly in our disposition regarding
taxation.
Now, sir, I take it that if there were no specu-
lation in gold, if there were none of this stock-
gambling, if there was no chance for what is called
" coi neringgold," if nil the capitalistsof the coun-
ti y without exception believed that these Govern-
ment securities would ultimately be redeemed, all
"Bur securities bearing six per cent, interest, instead
of being fifty or sixty per cent, below par by the
gold standard, would be worth gl 20 on the dollar
in specie funds. 1 believe that no financial man
of experience and knowledge on this subject will
gainsay 01- dispute this statement.
What, then, are we to do to counteract this
state of things? Mr. Speaker, there is only one
way to do it: we must resort to increased taxa-
tion; and I conjure thisHousebyeverythingthey
hold dear to resort at once to tins great conserva-
tor of nations'credit—taxation—taxation to the
fullest extent, no matter what the consequences
to themselves personally may be. The salvatisn
of the- country, in my judgment, depends upon
it. I fear nothing but an unwillingness.to resort
to taxation. It must be lesorted to; and when
you convince the capitalists of the country that
you are determined to resort to taxation for the
prosecution of this war to the fullest exteat that
the country can bear, to tax especially the
wealth of the country, and thereby give promise
of your purpose to redeem ultimately every dol-
lar of the indebtedness of the Government, you
will have their confidence, and you will be able
to obtain loans at a rate somewhatcommensurate
with your vast resources. I shall say nothing
about economy in this connection, for when you
tax everybody heavily the people will see to it
that their servants are held to a pretty rigid ac-
countability as to expenditures.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I shall not be very much
frightened if the House adhere to its first action,
and refuse to concur with the Senate in its amend-
ment; but I shall be alarmed if this Congress
