THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 17,
General Boyle, at Louisville, Kentucky,.ordered
the desfrliitio'nof the^barges and hay by gunboat
No. 33 in oriler to parent them1 from falling into*
tjlve-bamls of Morgan in bis raid through Indiana
nnd Ohio. Here are barges worth, say $5,000,
which these men. had obtained for the purpose of
carrying our their contract.with ehe Government
to deliver hay at Memphis,- , Theyh'ad on board
abo^t.Siix thousand dollars' worth of hay which
t&'^y hud purchased;,wbep^on tjie,lltlijor 12thof
July"of last year General'Boyle, for the .purpose
of preventing these barges from being-used by
the rebels, orderei} :them to b£ destroyed.
Mr. HIGBY. I ask the gentleman fnom In-
diana Litis question: suppose this property had
fatten IRto the hands of General Morgan, would
the Government have been liable to payfor it?
.Pi\ HOLMAN. I think not; butit would not
have fallen into the hands of the rebel General
Morgan. It was destroyed by our own gun-
boats.
Mr. HIGRY. I understand that, but I under-
stand also that it was destroyed for the purpose
of preventing it from falling into the hands of the
rebel General Morgan.
Mr. HOLMAN. Thatis true', certainly. There
can be no misapprehension about the facts. These
gentlemen had a contract with the Government
to deliver hay at Memphis'at a certain time and
for a given price; and they did finally fulfill their
contract, though in the mean time the price of hay
had risen largely.
General Boyle, falsely ps the facts finally proved,
believed it was necessary to destroy all the boats
o,n the Ohio r,iver between Louisville and Madi-
son, Indiana, and ordered the destruction of all'
of them. The gunboats did destroy many boats,
$nd especially these barges containing hay which,
these parties had contracted to deliver totheGov-
ornment, at a certain price. I think if any case
could possibly be presented carrying strength
with it this is that case. I cannot imagine how
any gentleman cun controvert it.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I wish to ask the gentle-
man from Indiana how the case before us differs
in the obligation resting upon the Government
from a case which might be supposed where these
parties had contracted to deliver at Memphis hay
to private parties? There was no obligation rest-
ing upon the Government there until the hay had
been delivered. The parties entered into this
contract knowing the liability there was to inter-
ference on the river from the public enemy, and
they took that risk.
Now, if we pass this bill we establish a prin-
ciple which lays open the Treasury of the Gov-
ernment to every party whose property has been
destroyed by the operations of the Army. These
persons, to be sure, did contract with the Gov-
ernment, but they had no claim upon the Gov-
ernment until the contract had been fulfilled,
which would not occur until the delivery of the
hay-at Memphis. It was destroyed, 1 admit,
while on its passage, by order of the Government,
to prevent its failing into the hands of the public
enemy. But if it had fallen into the hands of
the public enemy the gentleman himself admits
these parties would have no claim upon the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. MALLORY. Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts permit me to ask him how these
parties could deliver this property to the Govern-
ment when it was destroyed on its way by the
order of the Government ?
Mr. BOUTWELL. J will ask the gentleman
from*Kentucky how it would have been possible
for persons to deliver property on its way to pri-
vate parties in Memphis if it was destroyed by
the Government for the purpose of preventing it
from falling into the hands of the public enemy?
What I say is that these parties have no better
claim against the Government than other parties
whose property was destroyed on the Ohio to
prevent its falling into the hands of the public
enemy.
Mr. HOLMAN. This is llie most remarka-
ble case 1 evec heard of; and the suggestions of
the gentleman from Massachusetts are as remarka-
ble. Why, sir, if this contract had been between
private parties, the Government would have been
bound to reimburse them for property destroyed
by the order of its officers. The gentleman will
not pretend to deny that.
Mr. BOUTWELL. X do not assume that a
private party who should-destroy the property of
another is not liable.' If this contract had been
between two private parties, and the Government,
having no relation with either, had been put-to the
necessity of destroying the property, I ask wheth-
er they could make a claim on it.
Mr. HOLMAN.- The gentleman will admit
that if I contract to deliver a lot of hay or any-
thing else at a given point, and the party with
whom I contract prevents the completion of it, he
is liable. He is liable if he destroys the property
himself. 1 cannot see any possible good ground
of objection to the claim; and I trust, Mr. Speaker,
itwiil not be presumed by any gentleman that I
would favor the passage of a bill for the appro-
priation of money except upon some reasonable
ground. When these parties contracted in the
month of May they had no reason to apprehend
difficulty about the shipment of hay to Mem-
phis. They purchased barges, loaded them, and
were ready to make the shipment of hay in ac-
cordance with their contract. General Boyle,on
the part of the Government, destroyed all the craft
between certain points, and among them these
barges.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. What was
the amount of property destroyed upon the Ohio
river during that raid ? If this bill passes, for how
many millions will it be a precedent?
Mr. HOLMAN. There is not much in that.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. There is
much in it. Gentlemen are not disposed to vote
taxes or appropriations of money, and all these
things ought to be looked to.
Mr. HOLM AN. I agree with the gentleman
on a)l these points. When we come to examine
the amount of property destroyed on the Ohio
river during this raid and the Kirby Smith raid,
we find it will not reach more than thirty t r forty
thousand dollars. Boats were destroyed foradis-
tance of some sixty or seventy miles from Louis-
ville to a point above Madison on the Ohio nver.
The claims before the Committee of Claims will
not exceed $5,000 beyond what we believe has
been suffered by these parties. I think that 1 may
.say the whole liability growing out of the de-
struction of prtlpertyon the Ohio river during the
Morgan raid will not exceed $20,000. i am sorry
that it amounts to so much. 1 speak from my
knowledge of the claims before the Committee of
Claims. This amounts to $13,500, taking the hay
at the price the Government was to pay and de-
ducting the charge for transportation. We have
reduced it to $11,000, very unjustly 1 think, but
that is the determination of the committee. 1
demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded
the yeas and nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 72, nays 59, not voting 51;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Ancfona, Haily, Baxter,
Beaman, Blair, Bli>s, James S. Brown, (/'Hauler, Coffroth,
C   '— - " ' " • —' •
I-
Charl
Philip Johnson, Wjlhain Juiiu&mi, K.ilfoflotsch, Kernan,
Law, Le Blond, Long, Mnllory, Marey, McDowell, McKin-
ney, Middleton, William U. Miller, Mooiliead, James It.
Mori is, Amos Myers, Nelson, Noble,Odell, Charles O'iVeill,
Pendleton, Perry, Pruj n, ttadlord, Samuel J. Randall, Rob-
inson, Rogers, James S. Rollins, Rosss, Smith, John H.
Steele,Stiles, Strouse. Stuart, Sweat,Thomas, Wadsworth,
Ward, Whaley, Wheeler, Chilton A. White, Joseph W.
White, Windom, Fernando Wood, and YVoodbridge—72.
NAYS—-Messrs. Alley, Allison. Ames,-Ashley, John D.
Baldwin, Boutwel!, Boyd, Biandegee, Bioomall, Ambrose
W. (Jlark, Fteeman Clarke, Cobb, Cole, Dawes, Doming,
Dixon, Donnelly, Drjjzgs, Eekley, Eliot, Fenfon, G.vilicld,
Iligby, Hooper, A^ahrl W. Huhbaid, John li. Hubbard,
Julian, Kelh'y, FianeNW. Kellogg, Oilando Kellogg, Knox,
Loan, Loncyear, Marvin, Mclirido, McCiurg, Melniloe,
Samuel F. Miller, Morrill, Daniel Morns, Mouison, Orfh,
Perham, Price, Alexander H. Rice, John if. Rice, Scolield,
Bhaunon, Sloan, Smither*, Thayer, Tutey, Upson, Van
Valkrnlmigh, Elitm B. Wa>l)bm-ne,Wi!iiam B. Wa&iihutn,
Williams, Wilder, ami Wilton— 59.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. William J. Allen, Anderson,
Arnold, Augustus C. Baldwin, Blame, Blow, Brooks,
William G. Brown, Clay, Cox. Cieswell, Thomas T. Davis,
Henry Winter Davis, Dumont, English, Farn* worth, Frank,
Guoel«,Gnder, Gnmiell, Hall, Benjamin G. Harris, Heiriek,
Ilulburd, Jpnckes, Ka« on, King, Knapp, Lazear, Little-
jolw, McAllister, Leonard Myers, Norton, John O'Neill,
Patterson, Pike, Pomeroy, William H. Randall, Edward fl.
Rollins, Sehonckj Scott, Simlding, Stair, Stebbuis, William
in.'imuin, Diuir, UUJ.S, jmnes n. urown, laiamer, conrotn,
Ciavonf--, Dawson, Denton, Eden, Edgoiton, Eldadge,
Finek, Ganson, Gilswold, Hale, Ilatding, Hairington,
Charles M. IJariis, llolmaii, Hotchkiss, n«tclnns,Inger olL
G. Steele, Steven^, Voorhecs, Webster, Winficld, Benja-
min Wood, and Yeaman—5l.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider th<5 vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ARCHIBALD CHARY.
Mr. STILES, by unanimous consent, reported
from the Committee on Revolutionary Claims a
bill for therelief of the heirs at law of Colonel Ar-
chibald Crary; which was read a first and sec-
ond time by its title, referred to a Committee ot
the Whole House, and, with the accompanying
report, ordered to be printed.
B. D. WILLIAMS.
On motion of Mr. HALE, the Committee of
Claims were discharged from the further consid-
eration of the petition of B. D. Williams for pay
as Delegate from the Territory of Colorado; and
the same was referred to the Commit#© on Ter-
ritories,
AMASA L. BURNES.
Mr. HALE, from the Committee of Claims,
reported a bill for the relief of AmasaL. Burnes;
which was read a first and second time by its ti-
tle, referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
GEORGE CALVERT.
Mr. HALE, from the Committee of Claims;
reported a bill for the relief of George Calvert;
which was read a first and second time by its
title, referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
PETER WHEELER.
Mr. HALE, from the Committee of Claims,
reported a joint resolution for the relief of Peter
Wheeler; which was read a first and second time
by its title.
Mr.'HALE. I ask to have the bill put upon
its passage now. It is a small claim, involving
only about fifteen dollars, and about which there
is no dispute.
The bill, which was read, directs the Commis-
sary Geneial ofSub&istence to audit and allow the
accounts of Peter Wheeler for beef furnished to
the third regiment of the Excelsior brigade as per
certificate of Lieutenant Fry, and approved by
General Sickles, the same having bgen disallowed
in consequence of the destruction of Lieutenant
Fry's papers by the enemy, from which it be-
came impossible to present the claim
Mr. PI ALE demanded the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
-main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the resolution was ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time, and being en-
grossed it was accordingly read the third time and
passed.
Mr. HALE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EGBERT A. THOMPSON.
Mr. HALE, from the Committee of Claims,
reported a bill tor therelief of Egbert A. Thomp-
son; which was read a first and second time by
its title, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and, with the accompanying report, or-
dered to be printed.
POST ROUTE BILL.
Mr. ALLEY, by unanimous consent, from the
Committee on the PostOffice and Post Roads, re-
ported a bill to establish certain post roads; which
was read a first and second time by its title, and
postponed until to-morrow morning*
ARMY NEWS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
io wing communication from the Secretary ofWar:
War Department,
June 17,1864, o'clock a. m.
Sir: The following dispatches have been received by
this Depaitmem:
City Point, Virginia, June 15,
via Jamestown Island. 5.30 a. m. June 10, 18fi4.
Smith with fifteen thous>ami men attacked Peteisbuig
this morning. General Butler teports from ins oiwervatory
