"1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2079
the people upon the territory, the ultimate right j
to govern, is quite another. The sovereign right ;
of eminent domain is not with the State. Do not,
therefore, let me be misunderstood as arguing
that the people of a State may oust tlie jurisdic-
tion and right of the nation, or transfer any tei-
ritory within the limits or jurisdictioffef the Uni-
ted States to a foreign Power. They cannot.
Nor can they take themselves out of the jurisdic-
tion of the country unless they leave the limits of
its territory. To permit this would be to dissolve
our Government; and whoever attempts it must
he. nunished as a traitor. The President and
Congress of the United States are bound to resist
such"an attempt, though it require the expenditure
of every able-bodied man and the last dollar of
tieasure. Their oath to support and .defend Lhe
Constitution binds them to leconquer possession
of territory which is attempted to be thus taken
from the people and the Government, as it does
to defend the country against any other foe who
strikes at the nation's life or attempts to divide
its teriitory.
But the people of our once sister States have
not merely destroyed their State governments;
they have established others, unrecognized by our
Constitution, and have conledeiated in a foreign
and hostile government. The seat of that gov-
ernment is at Richmond, and they send senators
and membeis of congiess there to participate in
its doings. They have a judicial system, admin-
istered by judges appointed by the chief of that
confederacy. They have t heir custom and postal
systems, and we know, how terribly have we been
taught, that they have an army and navy, the
army and navy of a foreign Power, engaged in a
stiuggle with our own. Thus they are alien
enemies, though they occupy territory within the
limits of the Union. That territory belongs to
the people of the Union and their posteiity through
all time, and none but a traitor or coward would
surrender it. • • ,
I know that gentlemen on the Democratic side
of the House think that wo could getalong if our
country were reduced to its original dimensions.
I know that there are among them those who
favor the acceptance of peace on any terms, and
that there are those who, to judge by their every
word and act, would rather see the country di-
vided than that the present Administration should
maintain the integiity of our country and rees-
tablish its institutions. Posterity will find it diffi-
cult to believe that such men acted 111 the name of
Democracy. Sir, 1 chanced to find among my pa-
pers to-day a speech delivered by General Cass in
the Senate on May 10,1848, and as I read it 1 could
but think of the degeneracy of the men who now
claim to speak for the Democratic paity to which
it was once my pride to belong. The speech was
in advocacy of a bill which proposed to enable
the President to take temporal y militaiy posses-
sion of Yucatan. Let me read you a brief extract:
"Mr. President, many of tlie great principles of national
action depend on cx-jstine ciicum«Unccs Tlieie an; lew
mere questions of abstract light in the inteieouise ot na-
tions. Peaceable acquisitions ol teriitory,oi acquisitions
in a iust war, can give no offence unless to nation* whose
safety they endanger. Where this is the ease, they may
be protested against, or resisted, if necessary. It is a ques-
tion which cacti nation must jnd^e for ilsell, and upon its
own losponsibility, but one winch it ought to judge t.uily.
Much ot the public law of the world is tounded upon tins
"roinciple ot safety, and the elementary woiks abound with
its illustiatimis. Tiaci's of itarc to be lounii in all tlie ques-
tions about the balance of power m Einope ; in the dis-
mites concerning Malta and Algiem and Lelgimn, and
many Other Mlbieet- which have engaged the attention n
Ooveinnient- and formed the labor- ot diplomatists. It-
iveisnm has, no doubt, led to abuses, as has the peiver-
ot many other principles ; but its foundation rests in
•Vlf delWit-c 1-. incident to
( om-
p.'i
Si<>!
the "la,vrr'niaV-'a-ul n pi.ivuicnt forfc-a-t requ[res
-ot domination and tojuu-
a nation undcrtho
mum!
us to watch any dantfwou* pioject-
vidc for thorn as we can. I repeat, that
<• re, n-lanccs must Jiulne In, Itself. Froxmuty ot situation,
lhe nam, oof the mteicour.se result, ,,g fiom it, coiun,™^
Dosinons to dn nijnrv.and other coiifeulciauun*,au allele-
™,s to be taker, into view. In ,„v opin.en, wc owe t
to (tin -elves to avow distinctly to the world that the at-
tempt to proeiue the tran-ler of Cuba Horn fcpain to any
nthci n ition. whether peace.ibly or ioicibly, would bt- u-
vi ti-,1 bv the'whole power or thu countiy. To othcis it
' • be a quo-tion ot terntonal nggiandize.nent oi ot u.er-
u, e, 1, ■ 1 but to us it IS a question of necessity. I
«S.rbpol!uo"1 i"fi It would become
the u> ci'xc the  ieat liver ot our country. 1 ho waters
rft&iYvc. ulcniaftor as OTOld^.el.^.I.e
G.llf, but its eommeice would never ii.ii.li the ocean.
I will not detain the House by reading the en-
tire extract 1 had maiked, but will call the atten-
tion of gentlemen to another brief passage, opcak-
ing of the Gulf of Mexico and its relation to the
development, prosperity, and peace of our coun-
try, General Cass said:
"i now come, Sir. ['resident, to other and perhaps graver
considerations, dnectly ot mdiiectly involved in tills ques-
tion. The Gulf of Mexico is the reservoir of the great
river of the North American continent, whose importance
it is as difficult to realize as it is the valae of the country
which must seek an outlet to the ocean tin otigh its waters.
That couutry is nearly equal to all Europe in extent, em-
bracing twenty-five degreed of latitude and thirty-five of
longitude upon the great circles of the globe. This vast
basin extends from the summit of the Alleghany to the sun*
mit of the Rocky mountains,and its population now equals
eight millions. The man yet lives who was living when
almost the first tree fell before the woodman's stroke in this
great domain, and the man is now living who will live to
see it contain one hundred million people. Already the
hardy western pioneerhass crossed the barrierof the Itocky
mountains, and the forest is giving way before human In-
dustry upon the very shores that look out upon China and
Japan. The Mississippi is the great artery of this region,
which, (hawing its supplies from the fountains of the
North, pours them into the ocean under a tropical sun, and
drains in its own course and in the course ot its mighty
tnhutaues—tiibutaiies in name, but equals and rivals in
fact—the most magmficcnt empire which God in His prov-
idence has ever given toman to reclaim and enjoy. I have
mvselt descended that great stream two thousand miles 111
a birch eauoe, admiiing the country through which it parses
in a state of nature, and lost in the contemplation of what
that country is to be when subdued by human industry.
The statistics of such a region in years to come is a&ubject
too va-^t for calculation. It* extent, feitihty, salubiity,
means of internal navigation, and the character of the peo-
ple who will inhabit it, baffle all efforts to estimate us pro-
ductiveness, the tiibute which its industry will pay to the
wants ot the woild, and the supplies which the comforts
and habits of its people may require.
" Durum the palmy days of Napoleon, it is said that one
of hi* piojecls was to convert the Mediterranean into a
French lake. England has nearly done what defied the
power and ambition of the gieat conqueror. She has al-
most converted it into an English lake in time ot war.
Gibialtar commands its entrance, Malta the channel be-
tween Sicily and Africa, and the Ionian islands the waters
of the Levant. Theie were good reasons for believing a
shoit time since that England was seeking to obtain a ces-
sion oi the island ot Ciete, the ancient kingdom ot Minos,
winch would give hei the port of Canea, that I lound one
of the most magnificent harbors in the world, equally ea-
pacious and secure. If England, in the pursuit of the same
system, should aequiie similar commanding positions on
the Gulf of Mexico, that great reservoir would become a
mau; claumm, and no keel would plow it nor canvas
whiten it ill time of war but byiier pi'iuiission. Now,sir,
looking to the extent of our coast in that direction, to the
nioductions which must pass there to seek a market, to
lhe nature of our population, and to the effect upon all
these which a permanent naval superiority would pioduee,
where is the American who is not prepared to adopt any
lne.vuics to avc.t such a calamitous state of things? Who
can fail to see the natuio of the predatoiy warfare which
England would carry on m all times of hostilities from her
various positions which would encircle the Gulf from the
Bahamas to Cuba and to Yucatan ? And who also can fai
to see that even in tune of peace l.er many liarbois would
become places ot'reluge foi a ceitam class of oui popnbv-
turn, and that pcipetual collisions would occur, involving
the peace of the two countiies?
«TheGulfofMe\ico, ?ir, must be practically an American
lake lor the great purpose of security—not to exclude other
nations from its enjoyment, but to prevent any dominant
Powei with foreign or remote interests, from controlling
its navigation. £tbecomes us to look our difficulties 111 the
face. Nothing is gamed bv blinking a great question. Fiu-
dent statesmen should survey U; and,as fat as maybe,pro-
vide for it. We have, indeed, no Mount Carmel, like that
ot Judea, nor prophet to ascend it and to warn us against
a couung storm. But the home of every citizen is a Mount
Carmel lor us. whence he can survey the approaching cloud,
even when no bigger than a man's hand, which threatens
to ovcrspirad the political atmosphere, and to bur«.t in dan-
ger upon his countiy. It should be a cardinal principle m
our policv, never to be lost sight of, that the command of
the Gulf ot Mexico must never pass into foreign hands. Its
  ie.it geographical features indicate at once our safety and
our danger."
What impudent effrontery it is for men who
plead for peace and recognition and are ready to
consent to the reduction of our country to its ori-
ginal limits to claim to speak the voice of the party
to which Lewis Cass belonged, and whose pi in-
cinles and purposes be so admirably expressed.
What claim have they to the name ofDemocrat?
Why do they not laise a white banner and in-
sciibc upon it "Peace, peace at any price," and
proclaim boldly their willingness to barter hope,
honor, and country, for ignoble peace. They
cannot by flaunting the banner of a murdered pal ty
conceal the treason that would sell half the coun-
try to a semi-barbarous neighbor and so involve
the remainder m perpetual war.
I will not pause to examine the extent ot the
domain they would surrender. Sixteen years
iiyo that proud party would have involved the
country in war with any European Power that had
remotely menaced the trade ot the Mississippi
by the occupation of Yucatan. Then the leauers
of that party gave " notice to the world, by then
speeches in the two Houses ot Congress, that
the attempt to procure the transfer of Cuba from
Sptiin to any other nation would-be resisted...l .y.
the whole power of this.country," because &uel\
transfer might embarrass or cripple the trade of
that river-, but the leaders of the peace Democ-
racy propose to surrender not .only all, interest In
the keys to the Gulf but tlie Gulf States arid fif-
teen hundred miles of the Mississippi itself, from
Keokuk, Iowa,to its mouths. Onlyroeri who per-
petrate and wouldpeypptuate the crihies ofgtavery
m the name of Christianity would* while pro-
posing so infamous a wrong to democratic repub-
lican institutions as this, claim to be governed by
the principles or traditions of the party of Jef-
ferson, Jackson, and Cass!
But it is argued that the old States exist and
are in the Union, and that it is therefore notonfy
not necessary but unconstitutional to provide fpv
reconstruction. This is no longer an abstract
question. The Supreme Court has settled it by
repeated decisions. There was a time when gen-
tlemen on the other side of the House accepted
the decisions of that court as binding; .on their
judgment and conscience. Yes, when it was,dis-
gracing the age and country by pr.oelaimipg that
there were four millions of our people who pos-
sessed no rights, not even that of chastity, that a
white man was bound to respect, these gentle-
men accepted its decisions, and I hope they will
not reject them now. In a decision made more
than ayearago, (Claimants of the schooner Bril-
liant vs. United States, March term, 1863,) that
high j udicial authority declared.that«the people of
the seceded States, without distinction as to loy-
alty or disloyalty, have the same rights, and the
same rights only, as alien enemies invading the
land." So also in all the prize cases reported in
2 Black's Reports they decide that they are trai-
tors, and not only traitors but public enemies;
and in tlie administration of law and conduct of
the war we may not distinguish between them on
questions of personal loyalty or disloyalty, be-
cause the war is a public territorial war, and must
be conducted as between belligerents alien to each
other. .
The States are out of the Union but the territory
belongs to the United Statcs.and the people, if they
remain upon it, must be governed by the Constitu-
tion and laws of the United States. The State con-
stitutions having been overthrown, it belongs to
Congress to provide for the reconquest of the ter-
ritory and its government; and it is the duty of
the Executive to effect that conquest by any and
all means known to modern warfare and within
the law of nations. These are the only limita-
tions, not only upon the power but upon the uuty
of the Government.
Ah, but says the gentleman from Missouri,
[Mr. Blair,] the President does not agree with
you in these views, and in insisting upon such
legislation as this you are waging war upon the
President and trying to break him down. It was
well said last evening by my colleague [Mr.fete-
"vensI that if the assumption of the gentleman
from Missouri that he speaks as the special and
confidential friend of.the President does not break
him down we need not fear that anything else
will. But let us see whether we agree with him
or are trying to break him down.
Sir, our good President—and I mean what 1
say when I call him our good President; oiay
God bless and keep him—has a habit of speaking
for himself and at his own time. If his friends
see fit to quarrel about what he thinks, it is their
quairel and not his; but whenever a public exi-
gency may require him to act on the question that
divides them, he will probably settle it, for he is
a frank and truthful man. His friends need have
no controversy on this question, as he has no
concealments. He has not only spoken on this
subject to the people of the North, but to those
of the South. 1 have his amnesty proclamation
which was read to us on the 9th of December, and
has been scattered far and wide in the rebel States
as the agencies at his command could carry it.
What does he say there ? The object of that proc-
lamation is the restoration of the Union by the or-
ganization of loyal States on confederate terri-
tory. Among other things the preamble says;
" Whereas it is now desired by some persons heretofore
engaged in said rebellion to resume their allegiance to tlie
United States nail toreinuuguratc loyal State governments
within and for their respective States."
"To inaugurate," says Webster, " is to insti-
