1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to determine whether the law is valid, obligatory,
and constitutional, or not. I do not doubt for a
moment that that decision will be obligatory upon
me or upon any other member; and although I
consider myself justas fully a Senator now as any
member of this body, still, in deference to the de-
cision of the Senate, I should feel that 1 had but
one alternative—either to obey their order and
take the oath, or to relinquish the seat that I hold
here. What course I shall take is of course a
matter for subsequent determination; and it would
be unwise and improper, in my judgment, for me
now to indicate or state what will be my action
after the Senate shall have arrived at a decision.
I leave the matter of the disposition of this ques-
tion entirely to the sense and judgment of the
Senate. It is a grave question, which involves
not my rights alone, but the rights of those who
may subsequently come to this body who may
entertain opinions similar to my own.
Mr.SUMNER. Mr. President, I suppose the
remarks which the Senator from Delaware has
now made may be considered as foreshadowing
the speech which he desires to make hereafter.
Now, if 1 have been able to understand those re-
marks, they come under two heads: fiist, objec-
tions which may be called in the nature of objec-
tions of fact, referring to the origin of this act of
Congress; and secon.dly, objections of law.
But it seems to me that the objections of fact
which the Senator has made, so far as they may
he regarded as shedding any light upon the ori-
gin of the statute in question, might properly be
Drought fo rward if there were any question of legis-
lation, as, for instance, if it were proposed to in-
troduce a new statute to amend or repeal the old
one; but that they cannot have any weight when
the question is whether the Senate shall obey an
existing statute. I therefore think the Senator's
objections of fact, so far as they have been devel-
oped, are not entitled to any weight.
Then what are his objections uf law? Why,
sir, precisely what this Senate discussed now
nearly a year ago, and what it discussed on Fri-
day last—nothing new, nothing different. And
yet the Senator asks us to postpone the consid-
eration of this question, in order to give him an
opportunity ofdiseoursingatlength. Now,since
there is nothing of fact to which he has referred
which is justly pertinent to the existing question,
and since there is nothing of law which is not al-
ready familiar to the Senate, I submit that there
is really no occasion for any postponement, and
that, considering the character of the question, and
the long time thatithas been before this body, we
ought to proceed with its consideration at once,
and to come to a vote.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts misapprehends en-
tirely the object of my statement. 1 do desire a
postponement of this question till I can have fur-
ther time to prepare for the argument. I suppose
the honorable Senator will perfectly well under-
stand that a man may have investigated a ques-
tion fairly and fully, and yet when he is to argue it
and present his views in a matter which involves
his action in contradiction to the majority of the
body of which he is a member, he feels that there
is a grave responsibility imposed on him; and it
is not an unreasonable desire on his part to wish
thatapostponementshould take place for the pur-
pose of preparing fur that argument, and for that
purpose alone. 1 have no more desiie to hold my
seat in the Senate after the decision of this ques-
tion, without taking that oath, than the Senator
from Massachusetts can have; but I have my con-
scientious convictions.
1 have made a statement of the facts, not with
a view that they would prevent the law from being
operative, but to show tho course of legislation
which led me to believe that this Senate had not
arrived at any final conclusion in relerence to the
constitutionality of the law in question, or that, if
they had, the conclusion was adverse to its con-
stitutionality. That was the object of the state-
ment—no more. As to the other two points, the
points of law which are involved in the question
of the obligatory character of this law upon mem-
bers of Congr<\*s, one of them was debated cm-
snrily, aii'l only cmsenly, the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts never having taken any part m that
debate so far as I have been able to tiace, and no
other Senator in favor of its constitutionality, ex-
cept the honorable Senator from Illinois; a vote
was taken, and that vote decided against its con-
stitutionality. Subsequently there was simply a
vote on agreeing to the report of the committee
of conference which embodied five orsix amend-
ments, most of which by the report of the com-
mittee were agreed to, and the Senate concurred
in the report of the committee of conference.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator will allow
me to ask him a question. The pending motion
is to postpone till to-morrow. Will that be satis-
factory to tho Senator from Delaware ?
Mr. BAYARD 1 shall not be ready to-mor-
row; and 1 thought my statement would have
satisfied the Senate why I could not be ready
to-morrow.
But a few words more: J donotwish to detain
the Senate. The honorable Senator from Mas-
sachusetts is certainly under a misapprehension
in supposing that these questions are familiar to
the Senate. Most certainly, in the former discus-
sion, when the bill was before the Senate anterior
to its passage, no allusion was made to the second
question, whether members of Congress were
civil officers withfn the contemplation and lan-
guage of the Constitution of the United States;
and therefore, (whether excepted or not,) whether
they could be included in a law which did not
name them. No such question was made.
Mr. President, if it will suit the convenience of
the Senate that I should go on, prepared or un-
prepared, of course 1 must go on. I should pre-
fer a longer period to make preparation; but, if
the Senate prefer, I shall go on with what I have
to say, ready or not ready, on Tuesday or
Wednesday.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, it is difficult
to resist an application from a Senator urged with
so much determination as that of the Senator from
Delaware; and yet I must say that I think his ap-
plication is without precedent in this body. Never
since I have been here have I known an applica-
tion under such circumstances—where a Sen-
ator has had such ample and protracted time for
preparation on a question which, I beg to say, is
absolutely trivial.
The request is more inexcusable when it is con-
sidered that practically the substantial question
which occupies his mind is whether he shall take
this oath of loyalty. Permit me to say, sir,
that a Senator who for nine months has had the
opportunity of taking the oath of loyalty and has
refused, does not come before this body with any
strong claims for indulgence. He asks delay in
obeying the law of the land; but the Senate owes
it to itself to see that the law of the land which
it has helped to establish is enforced.
If the Senate is disposed to allow the question
to go over till to-morrow, that we may to-day
proceed with the military bill, I shall not object
to allow the Senator fiom Delaware that indul-
gence; but the Senate ought not to go so far as to
allow this question to be thrown over the holi-
days. But it is obvious that the pioposition of
the Senator from Delaware points in that direc-
tion. I wish to have it decided before any Sena-
tors go to their homes for Christmas or for New
Year's. The country expects it of us.
I say, therefore, if my colleague from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Wilson] is disposed to take up the
military bill, I shall make no fuither objection.
1 understand now from my colleague that he docs
desire to take up the military bill. This is enough
for me. But I wish the Senator from Delaware
to take notice that to-morrow I shall deem it my
duty to press the question to a vote. On such a
question pi ocrastination is kindred to disloyalty.
It is a bad example to the country.
Mr. WILSON. 1 move that the Senate now
proceed to the consideration of the bill to increase
the bounty for volunteers and the pay of the Ai my.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Anthony
in the chair.) The Senator fiom Massachusetts
moves to postpone the further consideration of
the pending motion until to-morrow, and to pro-
ceed now to the consideration of the bill indicated
by him.
The moiion was agreed to.
SOLDIERS' BOUNTY AND 1>AY.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, pio-
reeded to consider the bill (S. No. 7) to increase
the bounty for volunteers and the pay ofthcArmy.
It provides that there shall bepaid, in Hi-
atal Imenls as the Secretary of War may determingi
to such persons ,as have etilist^i) tyiaer tbe proc-
lamation of the president
dated October 17,,1863, calling for thrss.Jnjtnd^ed
thousand volunteers, and to su.chpersons. as ma'y
hereafter voluntarily enlist in tlj,%.regv la$ or vol-
unteer service of the United States foi tjie ter?m of
three years, the .following IboaWes,; namelyto
veterans.who have been;mlhe military service of
the ijfiited States for.nine months, arvu hav,e been
honorably discharged,and to those veterans in ser-
vice under enlistments for three or,more years who
may reenlist for three or more years or during the
warin the companies or regiments to which they
belong, and who (nay- have atthe date of sucl) re-
enlistment less than one year to serve, $4PQ;to
all other persons, $300. The Secretary of War
is to be authorized also to pay a firemiurxi notex-
eeeding $25, under such regulations as he may
deem expedient, for the enlistment of a veteran
volunteer, and a premium of not more than$15
for the enlistment of any other volunteer; ,and the
sum of |20,000,000 is to be appropriated by this
act in payment of the bounties which it author-
izes. From and after the 1st day of January,
1864, the pay per month of non-commissioned of-
ficers and privates in the regular Army and volun-
teer forces in the service of the United States is to
be as follows: sergeant majors of cavalry., artil-
lery, and infantry, $23; quartermaster sergeants
of cavalry, $23; of artillery and infantry, #205' first
sergeants of cavalry, artillery, and infantry, $23;
sergeants of cavalry, artillery, and infantry, §19;
sergeants of ordnance, sappers and miners and
pontonicrs, $34; corporals, $20; privates, fiist
class, $18; second class, $16; corporals of cavalry,
artillery, and infantry, $17; chief buglers of cav-
alry, $23; buglers, $15; farrier and blacksmiths
of cavalry,and artificers of artillery, $18;privates
of cavalry, nrtillery, and infantry,$16; principal
musicians of artillery and infantry, $22;_mtjsi-
cians of artillery and infantry, and musicians of
sappers and minersand pontoniers,$14. All en-
listed persons of African descent who have been
or may be mustered into the military service of
the United States are to have the same uniform,
clothing, arms, equipments, camp equipage, ra-
tions, medical and hospital attendance, and pay
as soldiers of the regular or volunteer forces of
tho United States of like arm of the service.
Whenever the President shall call upon the sev-
eral States for such number of men for the mili-
tary sci vice of the United Statesas the exigencies
of the country may require, the quota of each
ward of a city, town, or township, or of a county,
where the county is not divided into wards, towns,
or townships, is to be, as nearly as possible, in
proportion to the number of men therein liable to
render military service, taking in to account, as
far as practicable, the number which has been
previously furnished therefrom; and in ascertain-
ing and filling such quota, there must be taken
into account, as far as practicable, the number of
men that have entered or may enter the naval ser-
vice of the United States. Chaplains, when absent
from duty by reason of woundsorsickness, are to
be allowed full pay without iations, and half pay
with rations during absence on leave occasioned
by other causes; and chaplains who have been
absent from duty by reason of wounds or_ sick-
ness, are to be entitled to receive full pay without
rations during such absence. _
The first amendment of the Committee on Jyhli-
tary Affairs and the Militia was in section one,
line eight, after the word " may " to strike out
" hereafter" and insert " prior to the 5th day of
January, 1864;" so that it would read, 11 prior
to the 5th day of January, 1864, voluntarily en-
list," &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section one, line
sixteen, after the woid " war," to strike out " in
the comiianiesorregiinents to which they belong."
Mr. HARRIS. I am not in favor of striking
out those words. In my judgment, one of the
most promising features of the piesent day is the
inclination of the regiments of three years' men
to reenlist. Thry are beginning to Jo so pretty
fieely: end if I here i* anything which gives prom-
ise of success for (he ensuing year, it is the fact that
those regiments are about to reenlist. Now, sir,
strike out this provision in this scctiort,and you
