58
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
tlirow the whole matter open, and instead of re-
enlisting in their own organizations you will find
that the soldiers now in the field who are author-
ized to reenlist will be going from the infantry to
the artillery and to the cavalry, and scattering
about and breaking up the present organizations.
This, in my judgment, would be most disastrous
to the Army. 1 hope, sir, that this feature will
be left in the bill, and that it will be understood
that those three years' men whose term is about
expiring will reenlist in the same organizations in
which they are now found. I regard this as a
valuable feature of the bill, and I hope it will not
be stricken out.
Mr. CLARK. The Senator from New York
will allow me to inquire, if that is kept in, what
he will do with those veteran soldiers who have
been in regiments which have been disbanded
entirely?
Mr. HARRIS. Provision is made in a pre-
vious part of the section for them.
Mr. CLARK. 1 think it does not touch them
at all.
Mr. WILSON. In the original bill ns it was
introduced, we confined the bounty to veteran sol-
diers reeniisting, to those reeniistingin their com-
panies and regiments. I did it with some consider-
able reluctance, and after consulting with the Secre-
tary of War. The committee, however, thought
otherwise. The great object was to get men, and
there are a great many men who are willing to re-
enlist who will not reenlist in their own companies
or regiments. We had facts presented to us
showing, in some cases, that there were two or
three hundred men in a regiment that would not
do it. Still, evils may grow out of striking out
these words from the bill. Soldiers who are in-
fantry soldiers may desire to go into the artillery
or into the cavalry, and perhaps too many of tliem
desire to go into those arms of the service, and in
that respect it may make some little difficulty.
Then it will occasion some movement from one
part of the country to another. Men being in
one section of the country may reenlist to go into
a regiment several hundred miles away. That
may add to the expense somewhat. That we
shall obtain the reenlistnient of more men by sink-
ing out these words, I have not a doubt. That it
may put a heavier burden, more expense 011 the
Government, and make some little disturbance of
organizations, is admitted. I think the commit-
tee saw that; but they thought the object was to
get men, and therefore they have moved to strike
out this limitation. I am not strenuous about it
myself, however.
Mr. HARRIS. Mr. President, so far as I know
the present condition of the Army, and the wishes
ami purposes of the three years' men—I speak
particularly with reference to those from my own
State—applicationsare being repeatedly made now
for leave to return home for a short time upon con-
dition of reenlistment, and there are many regi-
ments of three years' men prepared to reenlist in
the same organizations in which they are now
found, upon condition that they have a brief fui-
lougli, and arrangements are being made for that;
wheieas if this provision is stricken out of this
bill, and it is understood that they may reenlist m
any organization they please, infantry, cavalry,
artillery, the whole thing, in my judgment, will
be very much endangered. It seems to me of <rreat
importance that the present organization of the
regiments should be maintained, and my belief is
that we shall secure more of these three years'
men by retaining that organization than we shall
by throwing it entirely open.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line eighteen of
section one, aft' r the word " persons," to insert
"except as provided in the fifth section of this
act; "and after the word " dollars, "inline twenty,
to insert:
"Anil after the 5tli day of January, 1854, there shall be no
bounties paid by the United States Government tosub^ti-
tutes, and none to eni isted or drafted men, except the bounty
of $100 now provided by law;" so that the clause would !
then read: i
To ail other persons, except as provided in the fifth sec-
tion of tins act, $300; and after the 5th day of January !
1864, there shall bp no bounties paid by the United States i
Government to substitutes, &c. j
Mr. GRIMES. I move to amend that bvadd- !
ing: ;
And there shall be paid to each person who  hail on!i-t
Into tho marine corp*of tho United States the *umol\«$00. !
Mr. COLLAMER. The gentleman hardly
means that, because that would provide for pay-
in? $300 to the marine on his enlistment, when the
others get hut $100.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not mean that. I mean
to put them on the same footing-.
Mr. COLLAMER. Then say that they shall
receive the same bounty as volunteers in the
Army.
Mr. GRIMES. Very well; Twill put itin that
shape.
Mr. SHERMAN. It seems to me that the
laws in relation to the Army and Navy should be
kept separate and distinct. I do not like to vote
on this amendment until I know the effect of it.
What necessity is there for it in icgard to enlist-
ments in the mai ine corps ? Is it not easier to get
persons for the marine corps? The subjects, I
think, should be kept separate and distinct. 1
hope the Senator from Iowa will defer his amend-
ment, involving a very important question and a
considerable sum of money, and propose to attach
it to some bill relating to the Navy.
Mr. GRIMES It has been my effort ever
since i have been in the Senate to have the marine
corps connected with one branch or the other of
the public service, but I have never been able to
succeed. Whenever the marine corps is on land
it is governed by the laws regulating the Army
of the United States, and the Army regulations
exclusively pertain to it. The moment it goes
afloat, it is governed by the naval laws and regu-
lations of the United States. The officers and
men in the marine corps of the United States re-
ceive the same pay, the same emoluments, are
governed by the same laws, controlled by the
same regulations, as the officers and men in the
Army of the United States.
We are authorized by law to have three thou-
sand five hundred marines. I believe we have
somewhere in the neighborhood of one third that
number. Congress has decidcd that it is neces-
sary for the public interests that wc should have
thiee thousand five hundred. How are we going
to bo able to secure them if every man that is con-
scripted is put into the Army, and all the boun-
ties that are paid for enlistments are paid to those
who shall go into the Army >
I propose to add to this bill, which relates to
bounties and pay of the Army, (with the appro-
bation of the chairman of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs,) a clause giving simply the same
bounties to marine soldieis who shall enlist as
is now given to volunteers in the Army of the
United States. The Senate should remember,
too, that marines, under our present system, get
no prize money. The blockade vessels that have
been fortunate, of late, in catching blockade run-
ners have no marines on board. The marines are
kept exclusively for fighting purposes on board
the real ships-of-war; and one battalion of them,
almost all there arc now, are performing the duty
of soldiers at Charleston, connected with the
Army. It seems to me that there is no impro-
priety in attaching it to this bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the Senator inform
me whether, if there happened to be a corps of
marines on board a vessel that took a prize, they
would not be entitled to prize money?
Mr. GRIMES. They would be, if they were
on hoard.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then they are on the
same footing as the mariners.
Mr. GRIMES. The only difference is that
every mariner stands his chance of being shipped
to a vessel on the blockade, and almost all of
them are employed, at some time or other, on the
blockade; but the marine soldiers are not put on
board those vessels thus employed; they are used
at navy-yards, they are uspd as infantry and con-
nected with the Army, as at Charleston, and are
used on the heavy fighting vessels; for instance,
on the Pensacola, which stands as a fort in front
of the city of New Orleans, dominating over the
rebels in that city. If you desire to reenlist those ,
men to man the Pensacola, how are you going to j
reenlist them when you give them a bounty for i
stepping ushoie and enlisting into the Army, but
refuse to give them bounty if they remain in the
service in which they are employed?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mi*. Anthony j
in the chair.) The amendment, as modified by
the Senator from Iowa, will be read.
The Secretary read it.
Insert at the end of the amendmcntof the committee the
following;:
And thcie shall be paid to each person who shall enlist
in the marine corp-> of the United Status the samcainoum
as shalt be paid to cach of the volunteeis or soldieis of the
Army.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know that I am
particularly opposed to the proposition, but I
wish to see if I understand it. As it strikes me,
there is no particular difference between the ma-
rines and the sailors on board our ships-of-war.
It may be that the marines do not stand quite as
good a chance of prize money as some of the sea-
men do; but they stand an equally good chance
with those sailors that are on board the same
vessels with them.
There is a manifest difference between the na-
val and the military service. In the first place,
the exposure in the Navy is not nearly so great.
The military service is attended with very great
exposure with reference to the health of the sol-
diers; and, as is well known, wc lose more prob-
ably by disease than we do by being wounded
or killed while m actual conflict. These sailors,
&c., on board their vessels, and the marines, if
they are employed m the navy-yards, have cer-
tainly very light work, have quarters or barracks
provided for them, and are well taken care of.
Then, again, there is the chance of prize money,
which the soldiers do not have. Those consid-
erations—the smaller degree of exposure, the
greater degree of comfort which exists in the
naval service particularly, and the chance of prize
money which exists there,and which does not in
the military service—have been held to make the
great distinction between the two arms of the ser-
vice with regard to bounty. If the Senate adopt
this provision, that the bounties nre to be paid to
marines also, I do not see how th'ey can very well
avoid voting a bounty to all the sailors on board
our ships-of-war, thus carrying the system into
the naval service; and I presume that the Senator
from Iowa, if he succeeds in this proposition, will
make the other motion, predicating it upon the
ground that there is really no very greatdistmction
between the two arms of the service.
Mr. GRIMES. No, sir; I do .not propose to
do any such thing.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Well, sir, I am very glad
the Senator does not propose to do any such thing.
I presume he has considered the subject, and if
he has come to the conclusion that the other prop-
osition is not proper or necessary, so much the
better; but for myself, I am not able to see any
great difference. I do not know that I object to
his amendment particularly, but I deem it advisa-
ble that the attention of members of the Senate
should be called to it, and that they should under-
stand the difference between the two arms of the
servicc, and see in fact whether this necessity does
apply to the marines. If it does, and we cannot
get them in any other way, I shall not object to
the amendment.
Mr. GRIMES. I am not going to say that the
Senate and House of Representatives decided cor-
rectly when they decided that the public interest
required the establishment of a marine corps to
the extent of thiity-fivc hundred men. I find it
to be the^fact that they have so decided. Now
the question is, how are wc going to keep that
marine corps full? You first say that you will
offer inducements to all the men who can be in-
duced to leave their homes and go into the public,
service, to go into the Army but not into the ma-
rine corps; and then such as cannot be induced
by bounties to enter the public service you pro-
pose to conscript, and thus force them into the
Army, and you leave nobody at all to go into the
marine corps, either under the operation of your
bounty laws or in consequence of your conscrip-
tions.
The Senator says that he cannot conceive of
the difference between the case of a seaman and
the case of a marine. I thought I made that tol-
erably plain. The reason is, that almost every
sailor at some time or other during the period of
his enlistment is in a condition to participate in
the profit aiising from blockade captures, but
hardly any marine soldier is ever m that condition
during the whole time of his enlistment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then he must be on shore,
Mr. GRIMES. He is on shore, to be sure;
! on shore, as a battalion of them are now, in the
