THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. 0 
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 1st Session.
MONDAY, JUNE 20, 1864.
Nkw Series No* 192.
State or States and Tenirorlc*, and the District of Colum-
bia ; but said fimtaxand any feuch pi-occ?soi iciuedv shall
continue m all respect* in force, anything in tlimucitothe
conuruy notwithstanding.
There was no objection,and it was ordered ac-
cordingly.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
their Secretary, informed the Mouse that the Sen-
ate have passed a bill (H. R. No. 217) to confirm
certain entries of land in the State of Missouri,
with amendments; in which the concurrence of
the House was requested.
REBELLION LOSSES AGAIN.
Mr. FENTON. The gentleman from Iowa
appeals to me to allow him to offer an amendment.
1 yield to him for that purpose.
Mr. WILSON. My first amendment is to in-
sert in line thirteen of the first section of the bill
the word "loyal" before the word " States."
The section, as proposed to be amended, will
reud as follows:
That ttujte shall be appointed by the President of the
United States, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, one commissioner and one solicitor of claims for
the district composed of the States of Maryland, Penn-
sylvania, theDietnctof Columbia,and Virginia; one com-
missioner and one solicitor for the distuct composed ofthe
States of We>t Vnginia, Ohio,and Indiana ; one commis-
sions and one solicitor for the dibtuct composed of the
States of Tennessee and Kentucky; one cominiesionei and
one solicitor for the dk-nict composed ofthe States of Illi-
nois, Missouri, and Kansas; and one commissioner and
one sohemn tor those loyal State.- nor included in the tore-
going districts, who snail sewially hold their respective
offices during the pleasure ofthe PrV-ident, and be entitled
tor then seivices to a salary ot $2,501) each per annum, to
be paid quaiteilv, out of any money in the Tica-wry not
otherwise appiopriated. and such other sums as shall be
ncees&auiv and unavoidably expended by them for station-
ery and uflice rent in the discharge of then duties under
this act, and ceitilled as reasonable by the Secretary of
War or Fast Comptroller of the Treasury.
Mr. FENTON resumed the floor.
Mr. WILSON. 1 desire to say a word in ref-
erence to that amendment.
Mr. SMITH. I hope the gentleman from Iowa
will be permitted to give his reasons for offering
that amendment.
Mr. FENTON. I will yield for that purpose.
Mr. WILSON. It will be remembered that
when this bill was pending some time ago it was
first referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
having been attached as an amendment to a bill
reported from the Judiciary Committee, and which
was recommitted to the committee. That com-
mittee considered the bill and agreed upon a re-
port, which was made some time since by the
gentleman from Maryland. The bill which was
leported was refeired to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union. The amend-
ment which I have now offered was one of those
which weie agreed upon by the Judiciary Com-
mittee. The other amendments I shall indicate
as I have an opportunity ; and in submitting them
1 but represent the wishes of the Judiciary Com-
mittee, to whom the House referred the whole
subject, and which made the report to which I
have referred.
The object of this amendment is to confine the
taking of testimony in relation to these claims
against the Government to States which have not
been in rebellion against the United States, and
which have not passed an ordinance of secession.
] think it is fair to allow testimony to be taken
only m relation to claims belonging to citizens of
States which have not been in rebellion against
the United States, reserving other claims to some
other time. I hope the amendment will be con-
curred in by the House. I desire also to offer an-
other amendment to this section.
The SPEAKER. The only way in which that
can be done is by calling the previous question
upon the pending amendment.
Mr. FENTON. I call for the previous ques-
tion,
Mr. THOMAS. I would like to say a word
or two.
Mr. HOLM AN. I hope the demand for the
previous question will be insisted on, as the hill
192
has already occupied much' time, and there is
other pressing business before the House.
The SPEAKER. The previous question is
called, not upon the bill, but upon the pending
amendment.
Mr. FENTON. I take great pleasure in yield-
ing to the gentleman from Maryland.
Mr. THOMAS. I shall occupy less time than
the gentleman from Indiana does upon any oc-
casion.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is the gentleman from New
York entitled to control the floor?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can yield
for an explanation of the matter.
Mr. FENTON. I yield for an explanation.
Mr. THOMAS. That is what I desire to
make.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 use to a point of order. It
is that the gentleman from New York is not en-
titled to the floor. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Hale] controls it.
The SPEAKER. There have been several
votes since the gentleman from Pennsylvania was
upon the floor. When he demanded the previ-
ous quesxion he lost the right to the 'floor. The
Chair knows no rule by which a gentleman, after
he has demanded the previous question, can be
entitled, to the floor.
Mr. THOMAS. I simply want to remind the
gentleman fiom New York, who in good faith, 1
believe, is disposed to apply the law to the par-
ties intended to be affected by this bill, precisely
in the same temper and in the same spirit in
which Congress has acted in reference to another
class „of claims—I will remind that gentleman
that in the last Congress and in the present Con-
gress we had under consideration a bill intended
to remunerate the people of Minnesota and Iowa
for depredations committed by Indians in their
inroad into that section of country, and we ap-
pointed a commission for that one section of
territory. Not only so, but that measure passed
both branches of Congress without the slightest
manifestation of opposition or unfriendliness.
Mr. WILSON. Will my colleague on the
committee allow me to make one suggestion?
Mr. THOMAS. Certainly, although I dislike
the system of interrupting speakers.
Mr. WILSON. I suggest that the act in re-
lation to the Minnesota claims provided that the
money should be paid out of funds belonging to
the Indians and forfeited by them.
Mr. THOMAS. I am aware of that, but that
is a matter which is easily susceptible of expla-
nation.
Mr. WILSON. I merely state the fact.
Mr. THOMAS. There is no man who was
in the last Congress or who is in this who is not
cognizant of that fact. I admit that in the case
of Minnesota provision was made for a forfeit-
ure of the amount of money due by the Govern-
ment of the United States to the tribes of Indians
by whom the depredations were committed, but
who will contend that that amount of money will
cover the amount of claims which we have it' in
contemplation to pay? That is the question.
Have we provided that the fund of which we
deprive the Indians shall be distributed pro rata
among the claimants? No, sir; we have author-
ized the commissioners to examine into the ex-
tent of the depredations committed, not only by
the Army of the United States, but by the ene-
my. This bill contemplates no provision for the
immense amount of plunder to which the people
have been subjected by the enemy in their inva-
sions.
But, sir, if it was really the intention of Con-
gress that no money should be taken from the
national Treasury for the purpose of liquidating
those claims in Minnesota, why does it not ap-
pear on the face of the bill? Why not in tne
practice of the Government? Have we not paid
the claimants in Minnesota as far as we have
gone dollar for dollar? Is there any proposition
in that case to pay prorata; to wait until a cer-
tain aggregate amount of claims is ascertained
and then apportion the whole amount of the
money of which you have dcprivecLtjie Indians
among the claimants? No, sir, no such policy
has been adopted. No gentleman who is at all
cognizant of the facts will pretend for u moment
that it was the design of Congress to limit the
payment to the amount of money forfeited by tbe
Indians. You haveappointed three commission-
ers for that small territory, a part of Minnesota
and of Wisconsin, and you intend no limitation
upon the amount you intend to pay, as an honest
Government ought to pay every dollar of these
claims, no matter wh'attheymayamountto. No
gentleman can state with accuracy what the
amount of those claims will be, but I have seen
it stated in the newspapers of the country that
the amount will exceed $5,000,000, while the
money forfeited by the Indians will not be more
than $9,500,000.
A largo amount was appropriated last year and
again this year, already far beyond the amount
of the fund reserved for the Indians.
Mr. WINDOM. Will thegentlemanailowme
to correct him ?
Mr. THQMAS. f hope the gentleman will
permit me to proceed without interruption. I
never interrupted any gentleman in the Hails of
Congress in my life. I have always regarded it
as one of the first lules of politeness never to in-
terrupt a gentleman.
Mr. WINDOM. I did not suppose the gea-
tleman would desire to misstate a fact; I merely-
wished to correct him.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mary-
land declines to yield the floor, and is entitled to
proceed without interruption.
Mr. THOMAS. 1 mean no discourtesy to the
gentleman from Minnesota, nor any personal ap-
plication of the remark I made. One word more
and I have done; and I should not have detained
the House as long as i hav« hut for the interrog-
atory proposed to me by the gentleman fiom
Iowa, [Mr. Wilson ] 1 simply wish to remind
the gentleman from New York, who, I believe,
has recognized the duty as obligatory upon the
Government, resting in vested obligations which
no nation on the face of the earth has ever repu-
diated, that to establish a single tribunal for the
investigation of the claims arising out of these
depredations would make it physically impossible
during the lifetime of the present generation to
discharge that duty. The area over which it is
proposed these commissioners shall have jurisdic-
tion covers more than one haif the territory of the
loyal States as we now stand. He proposes that
these three commissioners shall perform this duty
in Missouri, Kentucky, Ohio, Indiana, Illinois,
Kansas, Maryland, Tennessee, and West Vir-
ginia. I repeat that it is physically impossible
for any three gentlemen to perfotm that labor
within the lifetime of ageneration. I say, there-
fore, to the gentlemen representing the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary and the Committee of Claims
that if they intend in good faith to recognize as
binding and obligatory on Congress to pay these
claims whenever the Government is able to pay
them, it is nothing more than reasonable that the
number of commissioners to be appointed lor the
purpose of making these investigations should be
as large as provided for in the bill befoic the
House. 1 have now oaid all I intended to say,
which was merely fo respond to the gentleman
from Iowa. I simply desired to assert the prin-
ciple in respect to the obligation of this Govern-
ment, which I have done.
Mr. FENTON. I think sufficient has been
said upon this matter. The House is getting tired
of this discussion, and I must insist upon the de-
mand for the previous question upon the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Iowa, after which I
will submit my own amendment.
The.SPEAKER. The Chair will say to the
gentleman from New Yorit that if he demands
the previous question he cannot hold the floor.
Mr. FENTON. Then I mustdemand the pre-
vious question on both of the amendments.
Mr. HALE. I desire to* say a word upon this
amendment to insert the word "loyal" bofore
