2082
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 4,
The PRESIDENTpro(e«i/?o?-e, Objection be-
ing made to its piesent consideration, it lies over
under the rule.
CLAIMS OP WISCONSIN.
Mr. HARLAN. I offer the following resolu-
tion of inquiry:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be directed
to inform the Senate what disposition has been made of
the lands granted by an act entitled," An act to grant a
quantity of land to the Territory of Wisconsin for the pur-
pose of aiding in opening a canal to connect the waters of
Lake Michigan with those of Hock river," approved June
IB, 1838. Also, that he be directed to inform the Senate
whether the State of Wisconsin lias received the five hun-
dred thousand acres of public lands to winch she became
entitled on entering the Union, under an act entitled " An
act to appropriate the proceeds of the sales of the public
land®, and to grant preemption rights,1' apptoved Septem-
ber 4,1841; and whether any pait of the grant to aid m
the construction of the canal above named, or any pan
thereof, was included in the said five hundred thousand
acres, and, if so, how much. Also, that he be directed to
inform the Senate what part of the five pei cent, of the net
proceeds of the sales of the public lands within the State
of Wisconsin, to which she became entitled under the act
for the admission of said State into the Union, has been
adjusted and paid j and if in the adjustment of the account
between the United States and said State the said State has
been charged with the value of any lands or the proceeds
of the sales thereof, granted under any other law, and if
so, to state the amount.
As I suppose there will be no objection to it I
ask for the present consideration of the resolu-
tion.
Mr. HOWE. My impression is that all the
information called for in the resolution is here,
communicated by the Secretary of the Interior to
the Senator from Indiana [Mr. Hendricks] who
made the report on this subject.
Mr. HARLAN. I have read the report care-
fully, and it is not embodied in the report.
Mr. HOWE. It is here. It was sent to the
£ Senator from Indiana.
Mr. HARLAN. Has it been sent officially ?
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir.
Mr. HARLAN. Let the resolution go over,
and I will look into the matter.
The PR ESI DENT pro tempore. The resolu-
tion will lie over.
MESSAGE FItOM TUB HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the House of Representatives had passed the bill
of the Senate (No. 145) to equalize the pay of
soldiers in the United States Army, with amend-
ments', in which it requested the concurrence of
the Senate.
The message further announced that the House
of Representatives had agreed to some and disa-
greed to other amendments of the Senate to the
hill of the House (No. 151) making appropria-
tions for the naval service for the year ending the
30th June, 18G5, and it had agreed to the first
amendment of the Senate to the said bill, with an
amendment; in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate.
The message further announced that the House
of Representatives had insisted upon its disagree-
ment to the ninth amendment of the Senate to the
bill of the House (No. 198) making appropria-
tions for the support of the Army for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1665, and for other pur-
poses, insisted on by the Senate, insisted upon
us amendments to the seventh and eighth amend-
ments of the Senate, disagreed to by the Senate,
agreed to the conference asked by the Senate on
the disagreeing votes ofthp two Houses thereon,
and had appointed Mr. Tiiaddeus Stevrvi of
Pennsylvania, Mr. Robert C. Sciienck of Ohio,
and Mr. William R. Morrison of Illinois, man-
agers at the same on its part.
The message further announced that the House
of Representatives had passed a bill (No. 201)
making appropriations for the construction, pres-
ervation, and repairs of certain fortifications and
other works of defense for the year ending the
30th ol June, 1SG5, in which it requested the con-
currence of the Senate.
The message also returned to the Senate the bill
of the House (No. 159) for a grant of lands to the
State of Iowa, in alternate sections, to aid in the
construction of a railroad in said State, the error
in the engrossment of the bill having been cor-
rected.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
The message further announced that the Pres-
ident of the United States had approved and
signed on the 3d instant the following acts:
An act (H. R. No. 47) for the relief of Wil-
liam C. Walker and others; and
An act (H. p.. No. 388) for the relief of Jesse
Williams.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill from the House of Representatives
(No. 207) making appropriations for the con-
struction, preservation, and repairs of certain for-
tifications and other works of defense for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1865, was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION ItfLL.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill of the House (No. 151) making
appropriations for the naval service for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1865, disagreed to by
the House of Representatives, and the amendment
of the House to the first amendment of the Senate
to the said bill; and
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, it was
Jlesolvetf, That the Senate insist upon its amendments
to the said bill disagreed to by the House of Representatives,
disagree to the first amendment of the House to the first
amendment of the Senate thereto, and ask a conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the conferees on the p.ut of the Senate
be appointed by the President $>ro tempore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed Mr.
Hale, Mr. Van Winkle, and Mr. Powell.
CONSTITUTIONAL QUORUM.
Mr. SHERMAN. I must insist now on the
special order being taken up.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senate
will resume the consideration of the special order
of the day, the resolution submitted by the Sen-
ator from Ohio in relation to the quorum of the
Senate, the question being on the adoption of the
resolution.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 desired yesterday that the con-
sideration of Ujis subject should be postponed un-
til this morning, and the Senator from Ohio with
his usual uibanity and courtesy assented to that
proposition, for which I return him my thanks.
I think the proposition a very important one. I
will ask the Secretary to read the resolution.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Rpioloetl, That a quorum of the Senate consists of a ma-
jority of the Senatots duly chosen or qualified.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, according to the
estimate in which 1 hold that proposition it is not
often that one of more importance is presented to
the consideration of the Senate. It involves an
inquiry as to what number of Senators constitute a
quorum,and in addition to that the adjunct question
whether legislative measures that may be passed
are void and inoperative, they not having received
the votes of a constitutional quorum of the Senate.
I hold this proposition to be not on 1$ true but clear:
that less than a constitutional quorum of either
House of Congress is not competent to pass any
measure of legislation. The principle involved
in the resolution is therefore one of the highest
interest and importance.
The resolution now under consideration reads
thus:
Resolved, That a quorum of the Senate consists of a
majority of the Senatois duly chosen or qualified.
The same subject in a resolution of nearly the
same woids was conssdeiod, debated, and inci-
dentally passed upon by the last Senate, about
two years ago. That was in these words:
11 That a majority of the Senator duty oleeted and en-
titled to seats in this body is a constitutional quoium."
It will be observed that there is a difference,
and a substantial difference, between the resolu-
tion that was then presented and considered and
the one now under debate. The pending resolu-
tion is—
That a quorum of the Senate eon*Uta of a majority of
the Senatois duly chosen or qualified.
There is this dillerence between the two prop-
ositions: according to the former one, a Senator,
to be a part of the quorum, must have been duiy
elected and must be entitled to a seat in the Sen-
ate; and unless that was the relation in which he
stood to the body, he was not to be estimated in
making up the quorum of the Senate. It might
be and often is the fact that a man may in truth
be admitted as a Senator; he may be allowed to
take the oath of a Senator anil his seat in the body
and to act with it for the time, when he may not
have been duly elected; and it was with a view to
that state of case, 1 suppose, that the honorable
mover of the present resolution has varied its lan-
guage and made it read in the terms—
That a quorum of the Senate consists of a majority of
the Senators duly chosen or qualified.
There is another material difference between the
verbiage of the two resolutions. In the first one
it was proposed to ascertain what the constitu-
tional quorum was: " that a majority ofthe Sen-
ators duly elected and entitled to seats in this body
is a constitutional quorum." The present reso-
lution is, " that a quorum of the Senate consists
of a majority of the Senators duly chosen or qual-
ified." it is not absolutely certain that it was
the purpose and office of the pending resolution
to ascertain what the constitutional majority in
truth is, or whether it was npt the purpose ofthe
mover to give a different principle of the quorum
of the Senate than that which is.prescribed by
the Constitution.
I do not know with absolute certainty whether
it is the intention of this resolution to declare what
the Constitution is, or to modify the Constitution
upon the point of a senatorial quorum, but I pre-
sume that the first is its true object, and I shall
so treat.it, for the obvious reason that a provision
ofthe Constitution, in that or any other respect,
as everybody knows, cannot be changed or mod-
ified by this mode of proceeding.
There were offered at the same time with the
resolution now under debate, and in the same
series, two other resolutions, which I will read:
Resolved, That if a minority of the presidential electors,
duly appointed and qualified, vote for one peison, lie is the
President.
Resolved, That if the election of President devolves
upon the House of Representatives, and the votes of a ma-
jority ofthe States represented in the House be cast for one
peison, he is the President.
These propositions contemplate a most import-
ant and novel construction of the Constitution
on three of its great and most essential powers.
According to my poor opinion they are each*in
conflict with the provisions of the Constitution,
and if they are adopted and go into practical op-
eration they will materially alter the Constitution
in all the important points to which they sever-
ally refer. I will devote my remarks, though,
exclusively to the resolution declaring a quorum
of the Senate. The third section of the first ar-
ticle, paragraph one, of the Constitution, says:
" The Senate of the United States shall be composed of
two Senators fiout each Slate, chosen by the Legislature
thereof, for six years; and each Senator shall have one
vole."
Section five of the same article reads, in the first
paragraph:
" Each House shall be the judge of the elections, returns,
and qualifications of its own members, and a majority of
each House shall constitute a quorum to do business; but
a smaller number may adjourn fiom day to day, and may
be authorized to compel the attendance of absent mem-
bers, in such manner and under tuch penalties as each
House may provide." *
The question is, what the Constitution and
those who framed it meant by the 16 majority of
each House" which they constituted aquorum to
do business. I hold that they referred to the Sen-
ate and House as they had ordained them, to per-
sons answering to the description and having the
qualifications which they had made requisite for
membership of them, to be chosen in the mode,
by the constituent bodies, for the terms, and of the
number which it in previous provisions had estab-
lished for the two Houses respectively. Neither
House was then in fact in existence, so that it was
to the two potential bodies, to then* abstract or-
ganization, from which it eliminated "aquorum to
do business." The quorum and the two Houses
were then equally abstract ideas. The Constitu-
tion had ordained in a previous clause:
"The Senate of the United States shall be composed of
two Senators trom each State, choseu by the Legu>latuie
thereof for six years."
And then in section five, same article, that—
" A inajoiity of each [House] shall constitute a quorum to
do business; but a smaller number may adjourn f loin day to
day,and may be authorized to compel the attendance 01 ab-
sent members, in t>uch manner and under such penalties as
each House may provide."
There were then thirteen States, and each State
being entitled to two Senators, the then potential
Senate was as absolutely and cvrfamly fixed at
the aggregate number of twenty-six, and its quo-
