1106
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14,
force down the price of exchange and the price !
- of gold, we can ultimately sell these bonds at par.
And now, in conclusion, I ask the House to
consider which of the two measures now before
us is best calculated to strengthen the credit of the
county ?
Mr. Speaker, I am one of those who believe
that this nation is able to carry a debt of two,
three, or four thousand million dollars, pay the
interest regularly,and ultimately pay the princi-
pal. I believe it can be doneby adhering to sound
principles, and that moral as well as financial con-
siderations must enter into our policy. If we
ba\e pledged the nation's faith even to our own
v hurt 1 say we should keep it. If other nations,
to say nothing of the people of this country, in
looking at our legislation in order to ascertain
what security they have for their claims upon our
Treasury, see that we do not hesitate when an
exigency not very great is upon us to take some
portion of this coin which we have pledged to a
particular use and devote it to another use, will
ft not weaken our credit abroad? Will not the
people of other nations justly say, "There is no
dependence to be placed upon the credit of the
United States Government? Without any special
exigency they have already taken a poition of the
money they had pledged to us and appropriated it
to another use; and how can we tell that in some
exigency that may arise they will not take the re-
mainder, and leave us to receive the principal and
interest of the debt they owe us in irredeemable
paper currency?"
13utif on the contrary these nations, in looking
at our legislation, see that we pay our interest in
coin atf we agreed, and having an amount of coin
on hand larger than is required to pay the interest
^on our public debt we devote it to a sinking fund
with which we lay a foundation for the icdemp-
tion of the principal of that debt; if they see that
in the midst of a war the magnitude ot which is
such as the world never before saw, with a public
debt of ten or twelve hundred millions, we not
only adhere to our obligations to pay the interest
in coin but we anticipate that mtricst, it will
strengthen our ciedit at home and abroad, and
enable us to negotiate loans upon favorable terms.
Mr. Speaker, is there any man who can com-
pare the results which will be likely to follow,
and which, it seems to me, will certainly follow
such a line of policy as I have marked out, with
the results that will follow the act of throwing
some ten or twelve million dollars into the gam-
bling shops ot JNew York with the expectation
that it will reduce the pi ice of gold there four or
five per cent,, and hesitate a.s to the chumj lie
ought to puisne? If thc.se men in future should
have the Government in their power they will
wring the last drachma of your possessions from
you. What syrnilemnn can compare these results
and hesitate in deciding which course will be most
beneficial to the Government
Mr. HOOPER. 0 ne might suppose, who has
hastened to the aigunicnt of my distinguished col-
league, that this joint resolution proposed that the
Secretary of the Treasury should sell t.he coin
which was pledged for the payment of the inter-
est on the public debt, and thereby defraud the
holders of Govemmentsecurities ot the payment
ot iheir inteiest in com, to which the faith of the
Government was pledged in the law of I^ebruaiy
25, 186:3. iMy colleague is entirely mistaken m
tins view. The joint resolution distinctly provides
that the Secretary shall seil oniy the surplus of
coin, it there be any, after reserving suliicient to
pay the interest on the public debt, and any other
  purposes for which the Go\ornmenf are obliged
to pay coin. °
Let'us look at thecondition of the Tieasurv at
this time. There is on hand, j si com, $2'.},500,000.
It appears by the annual lepoii of the cSeeieUiry of
the Treasury that the actual i eeeipts fonhe quarter
ending 30th September, Mv), was $22,562,013 42;
it is safe to assume that tne qumter ending 30th
June, 1864. wj 11 be as much; rjo that, leaving out
ot this estimate t!;e H'ceiOi.-' tor the lemaiiung half
of the present month. Uie'n- will ho received to^July
1,1864s ^22,300,000; making, with what is already
ni the Trta^ui y, to that date, about frio,000,000.
f have hero an accurate statement fiom the Tr< us-
ury Department, showing that the payments for
the interest on the public debt (o thrs t period amount,
to ^20,849 38,leaving ftKascessofabou? $25,000,000
on the 1st July, provided thu bill iy not passed to
authorize the Treasurer to dispose of any surplus
that is riot required to meet the wants of the Gov-
ernment.
Let us look further and see how the Treasury
will stand for the six months after July 1, and
including January, 1865. Assuming the receipts
to be the same—and 1 fear there is too much
reason to believe the imports for that time will
not be diminished, though it would be a great ad-
vantage to the country if it prove otherwise—there
would be $45,000,000 received from July 1 to De-
cember 31, and the amount of interest to be paid
during that period,including also January, 1865,
according to the same estimate from the Treasury
Department, will be §23,824,309 58. The state-
ment of interest due from March 10 to and in-
cluding January, 1865, is as follows:
2 5
ct n
{J®
j o
! S
;coocc -J to r"
Mt-OoMOUCOtO © —• ~
Cl I— iy O C3 © — CO «-l GTJ --1
O' O C 10 O •— 00 0< 0> C75 CC Ol
C"> ® ©"©
OOOCCOiviWUiUW
OOOOOOr-OOOCSO
COCOCOfflCvloOO
©©<©©©©©© M©©©
CO ft,
to
cr a
- tz
i - ix n
!
X Yj :
O ^ ^ O vl
o :r> © ih
tie DOCy
O © O O © ©
o © ® © © ©
I5ACM
;,t •„!, T jv
© ^ ^ i—
Cl CT3 CA?
. -1
• ©
. ©
• in
• 03
p
r5?>0
~ ~ .
* ., r <
Z r
CJ
K-i i—I
id
o
""
.
z
-'O
T"
-
o .,
^
K (0 v
y. —
r P
©.
£ - i p
jr.
V- © -1
J- ©
-p -x!
Li ©
© © © C'
i M O \z
~jj ©
r
o ©
© © C- ©
C. V*
•a. iO
; c -- o o i •
To this should be added about five millions of
bonds that may be issued from this time to July
I, on which the first six months' interest will be
due during that period, making the total amount
of mt'uest due from July 1 to and including Jan-
, uary, 1365, $23,824,309 58, leaving an additional
! amountof surplus, not required for the intereston
: the public debt, about sixteen millions; making,
together with the previous surplus, over forty
: millions.
I Havino yhown that there will be a sufficient
! amount of coin, in all human probability, for the
' interest on the public debt for the lastsix months
of the year, without relying on any part of the
amount m the Tteasuiy prior to the 1st of July
next, 1 will confine what I have further to say to
the condition of the Treasury at this time, with
$22,500,000 of coin in Us vaults, and an estimated
amount to come in before the 1st of July, in ad-
dition, sufficient to meet all the requirements of
the Treasury. Much as 1 admire the eloquence
of my colleague, 1 have, more faith in the Simple
statement of these figures; and if the members of
this House will examine them they cannot fail to
be satisfied that the kJecrctary may dispose of
$20,000,000 of the coin in the Treasury between
now and next July without impairing his ability
to meet ail requirements for the interest on the
public debt as it falls due, in coin.
Cue my colleague says instead of disposmgof
tins suiplus amount of coin by sale, let the iSec-
reHry anticipate the payment of interest to the
holders of the Government bonds, with or without
rebatement of interest. It is understood that the
rale of inteiest now for money at New York is
five per cent, in currency; with that condition of
the money market how many holders of the Gov-
eminent bonds are likely to come forward to re-
ceive with rebatement the interest that is payable
m coin at the rate of six per cent., which isequal
to between nine and ten per cent, m currency?
Will you then have them paid without rebatemeiit
at this time when the requisitions on the Treasury
Department amount to more than forty millions,
some of which date back in the month of Janu-
ary, and the Department is without the means ot
paying thorn, and is not likely to have the means
for some time yet, so that the credit of the Gov-
ernment is suffering by the long delay to meet its
obligations? Will you undertake to pay the bond-
holders money that is notdueto them, and which
they do hot ask for, and let the long-suffering
creditors to whom the money has been due lor
weeks and months continue to wait for their pay ?
It is an actual fact that part of the requisitions
which are due and unpaid, because the Treasury
has not at this time the means to pay them, are
for the monthly pay of the soldiers, while you
have m the Treasury an amount in coin equal to
§30,000,000 of currency that might be applied to
that purpose if the Senate amendment is adopted.
My colleague insists upon using this amount to
pay the bondholders, with or without rebatement
of interest, to whom it is not due, and to leave
the soldieis and other creditors of the Govern-
ment to whom the money is overdue still to wait.
1 trust this House wdl concur in the amendment
of the Senate, and allow these creditors to be
paid, instead of paying the bondholders for inter-
est which is not due them, and which they do not
ask or expect to be paid except in accordance
with their bonds. I wiil say nothing of the in-
convenience it would be to the Department to pay
the intereston the public debt in anticipation of
its being due, which any one can appreciate who
understands the impoitauce of regularity in the
course of depattmental work.
Before concluding, 1 will say a word in reply
to the objection of the honorable gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Krrnax,] that any suiplus of
coin beyond what is required for the payment of
interest on the public debt, is specially appropri-
ated for the creation of a sinking fund, for which
one per cent, of the amount of the public debt is
to be applied each year. I ask the gentleman
what that has to do with this question, unless it
is used as an argument in favor of this resolution
to allow the Secietary to sell the gold that is not
required to pay the interest on the public debt?
If the Secretary intends practically to fulfill the
requirement of the law at tins time, to create the
sinking fund, what other course could be pursued
than to sell the coin for currency and invest that
amount of currency m the public debt? And how
would the gentleman, as a business man, advise
him to make that investment at this time, when
he is about to offer ($200,000,000 of bonds for sale?
Would he not advise him to take the lequisite
amounts from the $200,000,000 he is about to offer
to the public and put them aside for this sinking
fund, so that the Treasury may have the direct
and immediate advantage of that amount of money ?
If there is any surplus of coin in theTreasmy
beyond what is required for the payment of the
inteiest on the public debt, and 1 think there cer-
tainly will be fiom ten to twenty millions, equal
to fifteen to thirty millions in currency, I hope
the Secretary will be allowed to dispose of it and
apply the amount to the payment of the soldiers
and other cieditors^who have been long waiting
for the money due them, instead of giving it to
the bondholders to whom it is not due. 1 would
not object if the proceeds of any gold that may
be sold should be specially applied for the.prompt
payment of the soldiers as tin ir pay becomes
due; they, of all the ci editors of the Gov em men t,
should be the last to be kept waiting for their
money.
it seerns to me the House has misapprehended
the object (if this joint resolution. Peihups the
most comprehensive form in which it may bo
slated is, that the Govei nmcnt hasa laige amount
ofcom beyond what it requires, but is grtuiiy m.
want of currency to raw h>r the expenses of the
war. On the at her hand, the merchants have a
great abundance of currency beyond whatthey le-
quire,but are greatly in want of gold, which they
cannot procure because the Government keeps it
ali locked up in the sub-Treasury. The only
