1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2083
rum to do business at at least fourteen members,
as though the two matters had been provided for
in one clause in these words:
The Senate, until there is a new State or States ad-
mitted into the Union, shall he composed of twenty-six
members, oY which the Legislatuie ot each State shall
choose two; and a majority jpi the Senate shall constitute
a quoium to do business, but a smaller number may ad-
journ from day to day, and may be authorized to compel
the attendance of absent members in such manner and un-
der such penalties as each House may prescribe.
If this had been the language of the Constitu-
tion a reasonable doubt could not have been raised
that a quorum of the Senate to do business must
be composed of a majority of its members, as the
Constitution had ordained it And established its
number. The language which it has employed
is plainly of the same import and meaning: " The
Senate of the United States shall be composed of
two members from each State, chosen by the Le-
gislature thereof, "the States being thirteen; " and
a majority of each [House] shall constitute a quo-
rum t*do business; but a smaller number may
adjourn from day to day, and may be authorized
to compel the attendance of absent members, in
such manner and under such penalties as each
House may provide," as definitely and certainly
fixes the quorum of the Senate to do business to
be a majority of the number of which the Senate
should be composed. It could not be the major-
ity of the Senate of. any less number; if so, what*
less number? Where is it defined? How is it
to be ascertained ?
If the framers of the Constitution had intended
that less than a majority of the whole number
which they had provided to compose it should
form a quorum to do business, they would have
given some expression to that purpose, and prob-
ably in one of these forms: " The Senate of the
United States shall be composed of two Senators
from each State chosen by the Legislature thereof
forsix years; buta majority of the Senators qual-
ified and duly elected," or "a majority of the
Senators duly elected, shall constitute a quorum
to ck> business."
The reasonable presumption is that the Con-
vention did not intend that a cabal of both or either
House of Congress should ever exercise so much
of the legislative powers of the Government; and
therefore required the quorum of both to do busi-
ness to be a majority of the whole number of its
members. It intended further that it should be
certainly known at all times and beyond doubt
or contingency what the quorum of each suc-
cessive Senate and House was; so that less than
that quorum might not from inadvei tenccor ig-
norance upon any question of the number of the
members of either House undertake at'any time
to transact business. Both these ends would be
certainly secured by the law of quorum for which
I contend; and both of them would be often de-
feated by the rule of construction set up in the
pending resolution or any other that could be
devised.
Though the whole number of the House varies
according to ea'ch successive census with the ratio
of representation fixed at each decennial period,
and the number of the Senate is enlarged two
whenever a new State is admitted, still the whole
number of both Houses never otherwise fluctuates,
and is always definitely and certainly known.
One more than half of that whole number being
the quorum, a simple count of those present will
demonstrate whether or not they form a quorum.
But the majority of the members duly elected
and qualified, or duly elee-.tedor having the proper
returns of election, would be an uncertain basis
upon which to determine the fact of the presence
of a quorum, because all or either of those rules
would require in addition that the Senators and
Representatives computed should be living. There
may occur vacancies, or may have been recent
vacancies, in distant States, that may or may not
have been filled, and concerning the true state of
fact the House to which it may relate shall have
fto information, and its quorum upon this principle
being fluctuating it might proceed to do business
without having a quorum according to its own
rule, and its action would be null and void. No
such dilemma could arise under the other rule.
But the danger of the power of the two Houses
being absorbed by a cabal or a minority and fac-
tion m them would be frequent and probable.
Within the last twenty-five years three special ses-
sions of a new Congress have been called by the
President. The members of-the House from more
than ha-lf the States were elected before the Presi-
dent issued his proclamation to convene the two
Houses; but in the other States, approximating
half, no Representatives to the new Congress had
been elected. According to this new principle of
quorums the members then clected who might
have been convened by the President would have
formed a constitutional quorum; and being less
than two thirds, and only about three fifths of the
whole number of Representatives, and a majority
of that number being a quorum, the whole power
of the Blouse of Representatives would devolve
upon less than a third or even a fourth of the whole
.number of Representatives, against the distinct
expression that it should not be exercised by less
than a majority of the whole.
But the unsoundness of the principle of the pro-
posed resolution is more strikingly illustrated by
the present condition and number of members-
elect to the Senate. The whole number of States,
including those in rebellion and Virginia and
West Virginia, is thirty-five. There are two gen-
tleman present admitted os Senators from West
Virginia, and one from Virginia, the other, Mr.
Bowden, havingdied since the commencement of
this session. My opinion is that West Virginia
was organized and admitted.as a State into the
Union contrary to the Constitution, and that the
gentlemen who are here as Senators are legiti-
mately no pait of the Senate; and that the gentle-
man who is in this body as the surviving member
from Virginia, consisting of the* ten or twelve coun-
ties that claim to be the Ancient Dominion, and
to have their seat of government at AlexandVia,
has no better warrant for his seat. But for the
argument, conceding that Virginia and West Vir-
gmmaretwooftheUnitedStates,the whole num-
berof the States being tlurty-five, the aggregate
number of the Senate is seventy members. The
States that have not elected Senators to the present
Senate are, North Carolina, South Carolina,
Georgia, Florida, Alabama, Mississippi, Louisi-
ana, Texas, Arkansas, and Tennessee, being ten;
the lemaining twenty-four are represented in this
body, except Virginia, which has but one Senator,
she not having filled the vacancy occasioned by
the death of Mr. Bowden.
There are, then, forty-nine members elected to the
present Senate, twenty-five of whom, by the reso-
lution under consideration, constitute a quorum to
do business. The legislative power of the Senate
being vested in twenty-five Senators, would be
wielded by a majority of that number, thirteen.
But the principle of the resolution goes to this ex-
tent, that lfonly New England, or any less number
of States, were to elect members of the Senate and
the House, a majority of these Senators and Rep-
resentatives respectively would constitute a quo-
rum to do business, and a majority of those quo-
rums could put*in operation the whole legislative
power of the Government. The New England
States have twelve Senators and twenty-seven
Representatives; and by this new constitutional
law, if those States only were to elect members
of Congress, seven of their Senators and fourteen
of their Representatives would constitute quo-
rums of the two Houses, and four of their Sena-
tors and seven of their Representatives would be
authorized by the Constitution to assume the
legislative power of the Government, and if their
authonty and acts were opposed, it would be trea-
son and rebellion against the United States. The
Constitution does not allow, and it was not the
intention of the Convention that it should, any
such absurd consequences.
According to the position to which I give in
my adhesion and to which the practice of the
Senate has conformed since the beginning of the
Government, the Constitution fixed the quorum
of the two-'Houses in harmony with the great
fundamental principle of popular government, the
light of not less than a majority of the people to
govern, by requiring a majority of the compo-
nent members of each to do business. Besides,
that quorum is certain, fixed,and may be learned
and known by all persons in the shortest time
and simplest mode. The only fact to be ascer-
tained is the whole number of the members of the
Houses, respectively, and we are then informed
precisely and infallibly what the quorum of each
House is. This resolution proposes to substi-
tute an unknown, variable, and accidental quorum
that may be represented not only by less than a
majority, but by a small ami contemptible fac-
tion of theHousesrespectively. And when this
work of innovation and reduction of the quorum
shall have commenced, what limits can be pre-
scribed to its further extension? When factions,
and Presidents, and ambitious men at the head
of armies have strong motives to control and
direct the action of Congress, this innovation and
others to mold and fashion quorums, that'may be
devised, will bring the legislative dejUr.tfrienMn
the effigy of a constitutional form to their feet.
This construction is fully sustained by thede*
bates in Convention on the point, which show
plainly how that body understood this provision.
The report of its debates by Mr. Madison
shows:
"Article six, section three, was then taken up.
" Mr. Gorham contended that Jess than a majority in each
House should be made a quorum; otherwise great-delay
might happen in business, and great inconvenience from
the futuie increase of numbers.
" Mr. IV! rjRCRR was also for less than a majority. So great
a number will put it in the power of a few, by seceding at a
cittieal moment, to intioduee convulsions and endanger the
Government. Examples of secession have already hap-
pened in some of the States. He was for leaving it to the
.Legislature to fix the quorum, as in Great Britain, where
the lequlsite number is small, and no inconvenience has
been experienced.
" Colonel Mason. This is a valuable and necessary part
of the plan. In this extended"country, embracing so great
a diversity of interests, it would be dangerous to the dis-
tant parts* to allow a small number of members of the two
Houses to make laws. The central States could always
take care to be on the spot; and by meeting earlier than the
distant ones, or wearying their patience and out-staying
them, could carry such measures as they pleased. He ad-
mitted that inconveniences might spring from the secession
ot a small number; but he had also known good produced
by an apprehension of it.
" He had known a paper emission prevented by thatcause
in Vnginia. He thought the Constitution, as now molded,
was fouryied on sound principles, and was disposed to put
into it extensive poweis. At the same time he wished to
guard against abuses as much as possible. If the Legisla-
ture should be able to reduce the number at all, it might re-
duce it as low as it pleased, a#id the United States might
be governed by a junto. A majority of the number which
had been agreed on was so few that he feared it would be
made an objection against the plan.
" Mr. King admitted there might be some danger of giving
an advantage to the central States, hut was of opinion that
the public inconvenience on the other side was more to be
dreaded.
" Mr. Gouverneur Morris moved to fix the quorum at
thirty-three members in the House of Representatives and
fourteen in the Senate.
"This is a majority of the present number, and will be a
hat to the Legislature. Fix the number low, and they will
generally attend, knowing that advantage may be taken of
their absence. The secession of a small number ought not
to be fcufleicd to break a quoium. Such events in the
Slates may have been of little consequence. In the na-
tional councils they may be fatal. Besides other mischiefs,
if a few can break up a quorum they may seize a moment
when a paitieulai part ot the continent may be in need of
immediate aid to extoit, by threatening a secession, some
unjust and selfish measure.
"Mr. Mercer seconded the motion.
" Mr. King said he had just prepared a motion which,in-
stead of fixing the numbers proposed by Mr. Gouverneur
Moi rii> a*, quotums, made those the lowestnumbeis, leaving
the Legislature at hbei ty tomcre.asp them or not. He thought
the future increase ot member* would render a majority of
the whole extiemelv cumbersome.
" Mr. Mercer agieed to substitute Mr. King's motion in
place of Mr. Morris's.''
"Mr. Ellsworth was opposed to it. It would be a
pleasing ground of confidence to the people that no law or
burden could be imposed on them by a lew men. He re-
minded the movers that the Constitution proposed to give
such a discretion, with regard to the number ot Kepiesenta-
tivcs, that a very inconvenient number was not to be ap-
piehended. The inconvenience of secessions may be
guaided against by giving to each House an authonty to re-
quire the attendance of absent members.
'* Mr. Wilson concurred in the sentiments of Mr. Ells-
worth."
" Mr. Gerry seemed to think that some further precau-
tions than meiely fixing the quorum might be necessary.
He observed that as seventeen would be a majority of a
quoium of tliii ty-three, and eight of fourteen, questions
might by possibility be earned in the House of Representa-
tives by two large States, and in the Senate by the same
States with the aid of two small ones.
" He pioposed that thenumbei for a quorum in the House
of Representatives should not exceed liity nor be les& than
thirty-three} leaving the intermediate discietion to the
Legislature.
" Mr. Kino. As the quoium could not be altered, with-
out the ooncunencc oft he President, by less than two thirds
ofeac'h House, he thouuht thetc could be no danger in trust-
ing the Legislature.
" Mr. Carroll. This would be no security against the
continuance ot the quoiunis at thirty-three and tourteen,
when they ought to be increased.
" On the question of Mr. King's motion, that not less than
thirty-three in the House of Representatives, nor less than
fourteen in the Senate, should constitute a quorum, which
may be increased by a law, on additions to the members'
in either House—Massachusetts, Delaware, ay—85 Ne\v
Hampshire, Connecticut, New Jeisey, Pennsylvania, Ma-
ryland, Virginia, North Carolina, SouEtffCarolinajGeorgifrj
no—9. - ' '
