the congtmsmmm globe*
i oiidor it owes his personal service to the country
in its hum- of peril, and every one has had his at-
tention called off to the question of how much he
can get if he waits a little longer before he enlists.
That 1ms been the result and the effect of it. There
was patriotism enough to begin with, and there
is patriotism enough among our soldiers and our
citizens now, but we are eternally prating upon
this question of how we shall accomplish this
thing.
-Now, sir, although it will operate hardly upon'
many persons, unquestionably, yet the only ques-
tion, or the great question, after all, is, what can
the country engaged in thisstruggle bear? That
is the first question. How much can itbear? After
all, it comes back to where my friend from Mas-
sachusetts placed it, how long and how- much can
wo pay to carry on this war? How long can we
sustain the credit of the Government, and how
long will the people be able to bear these burdens?
How long will their patriotism last under thorn?
I trust they would be willing to bear them as long
as there is a dollar or a man left-, and I believe they
would; but,after all,a wiseGovernment looks at
the question, what is the capacity of the Govern-
ment to sustain and conduct a conflict? That being
ascertained, and we being called upon to operate
and act within the limits of that capacity, the next
question is, how shall we equalize the burden?
How shall we render it equal upon thecommunity ?
It is not rendering it equal by running a race of
bounties in one section and another, to see how
much each section, or each State, or each division,
or each town, would pay to accomplish this pur-
pose or that; but what is equal ? Sir, I have held
almost from the beginning the unpopular doctrine
that the sooner we pass a fair law providing for a
draft, when soldiers were wanted, the better, and
the closer we adhered to it after we had passed it the
better still. A draft operates equally upon all. If
it becomes my turn in the revolution of the wheel
to go into the field, I must go, or procure some-
body to go in my stead, if the law allows me to
do it. It may be hard upon me, but it is fair. I
say again distinctly, and I call the attention of
Senators to it, that we have lost ground in tiie
country, and our patriotism has been cooled, by
the effort to put down the idea which lies at the
bottom of all, and that is, that no man has a right
to refuse his personal service when it iscalled for
by the country. That is the proper system and
principle, which we should always stand by.
But, sir, we have adopted the principle of pay-
ing bounties and of bidding bounties to induce
men who are able to serve their country to enlist.
The" question then is, not with what we are to
begin, but how far we-are to go,and that returns
upon us. It is nota trifling consideration whether
we are to pay $100,000,000 more or less this week,
and $100,000,000 six months hence, and another
$100,000,000 twelve months hence. It is very
easy to siand here and talk about what the sys-
tem should be, that it should be to offer bounties.
It is another question to raise the money to pay
them; and I ask my friend from New York, who
is a financier, if he is able to tell me how long we
may go on at the rate of a thousand millions a
year, and the country will bccontentwith it. He
has undoubtedly considered such a. question,and
perhaps can answer me; but it is a point upon which
I am in the dark. The Secretary of the Treasury
tells us thatattheend of the coming fiscal year we
shall be indebted something over $2,000,000,000.
Is the war to end then? I pray God it may,and
before that time, and I trust it will; but suppose
it does not. How long can we continue it? As
I said before, I believe we can continue longer
than any other Government and any other peo-
ple on the face of the earth could, and that such
is the spirit of our people that they would do
so; but after all, we, as legislators, are bound to
consider those questions, and what is to be the
result.
1 believe with my.friend from Ohio, if I under-
stood him rightly, tliat the Government should
adhere to the law. We provided for a draft of so
many men, and we provided an exemption clause,
on the payment of a certain sum of money, for
the purpose of enabling the Government to supply
the places of those who paid that commutation.
So far as money was paid in for that purpose, the
Government had a right to apply it for bounties.
They reasoned in this way, I suppose—it is the
excuse I make for them—u if we do not succeed
in getting the number required, enough will pay-
commutation to make up the difference, and there-
fore wc run no risk in making the offer, because
it will be paid out of this commutation money;"
but they did not make their figures right. They
got a great manY more men who were* to be paid
bounties than they got of men who paid the ex-
emption; and that is precisely the difficulty how,
and precisely the reason why. there is a large sum
of money due or promised and nothing to pay it
with.
Well, sir, that- was an oversight; but what
did they do? They made the offer. The result
has been that men have gone into the service.
They were promised by the executive authori-
ties—not by our permission, not with our permis-
sion, yet acting unquestionably in good faith, and
doing what they supposed lo be the best thing
they could do—a given sum of money, and they
havecnlisted. Now, what do you propose to do?
You must pay that sum, or, "if you are honest
men, you must discharge them from their enlist-
ment—one or the other you ought to do. We
cannot, with any sense of justice between man
and man, accede to any such doctrine as that we
may make a promise to men to enlist and then
hold them to service withoutperformingourprom-
isc. Wemusttherefore pay what has been prom-
ised.
The question then arises, do you mean to keep
up that system and abandon your law ? The law
either ought to be enforced or abandoned. We
ought to have a draft or else strike the law from
ourstatute-boGk. Weadoptedthepolicy. Why?
Because wc foresaw that after this war had con-
tinued so long the result would be that wc should
find it difficult to obtain men. With all the patri-
otism that exists in the community, when it comes
to the individual case it is found hard to raise the
number ofmen required. Now, will you abandon
at once the idea, and say to the people that you
have abandoned it; that there is no such thing in
the United States of America as an obligation rest-
ing on every able-bodied citizen to serve his coun-
try, when his country needs his services? Sir, we
cannot do so. It is the idea upon which that law
was predicated, upon which it was passed, to give
the Government the power to command the ser-
vices of our citizens; and, in my judgment, it
should be enforced. Spend the money you get
from exemptions in bounties for the purpose of
filling up the ranks; but, sir, there is no seeing
how long the credit of this country can continue
what it is if wc are to go on recklessly and spend
money as if we had a profusion of it and more
ihan we knew what to do with. If gentlemen
will take charge of the Treasury Department and
provide the funds and make the people easy on
the subject, they may offer just as much bounty
as they please for volunteering.
I do not undertake to say that the draft, so far
as it has gone, has been a success exactly. I do
not think it has; but 1 think its want of success
has been owing to the blundering manner in
which it was attempted to be carried out, lather
than to anything in the law itself. It maybe
found, more than anything else, in what was al-
leged by the honorable Senator from Massachu-
setts—in the fact that there was such a list of
causes of exemption from service that it was ex-
ceedingly difficult to find anybody who did not
come within some provision of them.
Mr. COWAN. I should like to ask the hon-
orable Senator if he knows why, after the first
drawing had failed to fill the quota, there was not
another drawing to fill it up afterwards; and
whether, if there had been one, they might not
have raised money enough to redeem the pledges
of the Government to pay these bounties?
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir; I really do not
know anythingaboutit. 1 do not know what pro-
cess of reasoning the Government wentthrough.
I suppose that it might possibly be because the
Democracy, as they call themselves—and I call
them wliat they call themselves—had made such
an—I was about to say an infernal howl about
the draft in order to fi jghtcn the people, that they
frightened the Government; but 1 think the Gov-
ernment, after it had found out that the people
were not at all frightened, 'out were willing to sus-
tain it, should have recoveied their courage and
gone on with the draft. That is my opinion. I
may be all wrong about the logic and cause of it,
but I think that is it.
Now, sir, I re'peat what I said before, flioi; ift -
my judgment, the failure of the draft;-stf ft\r
has been a failure, has' been' ovrin^ ttftfae veVjr
clumsy manner in which thethmgHvas'a^t^mpte^.;
to be carried out, arising out of these ^Xernptiofts' *
for cause more than anything else.1 know, it *
was so in my-section of the country,
boards were compell&lHo dischai-ge -abfe^bo'dfe^i-
men, Under those ru^es thus made,and^ftVdd^e*, r'
and said they were compelled to dtseh&^e1a%i£<*
bodied men who were fit to go rnto thd'fieW,
cause they had some little <leteet; whidvdid ftot
impair their efficiency as soldiersjna
degree. My opinion is that-they should Itefrfefe-
pealed their rules, made a-better set of regulations,
and gone on with the law. it is not their •btisf-'
nesR—and j Say it to the executive Government
and to the people—to say whetheralaw is-gobcf,
bad, or ind liferent; whether it works #ell <yrother-
wise. Their business and dufy is to proceed tm-
der it, and'not toadopt a new system which istfot"
provided for by law at all. I give all ered-H to
motive, to the intention; it-was done with the vferjr
best, on the idea that we must have these men^ atfC
we must take a shorter way to get themv ^sus-
tain the Government thoroughly in all its acts-,
although they may make mistakes, for I'helieve
they arise from a devotion to the true-interests-of
the country, and a desire to accomplish the great
purpose which we all have so much at "heart?.' IJ
do not undertake to quarrel with them-;:but I say
that the duty of the Government is in all <jases to
carry out the law as it is made; and if Congress
says they are to raise men in a given way, let
them take that way, or wait, if it is possible' to
wait, until Congress shall say in its turn that they
have provided or will provide a better.
I say therefore, si r, that I shall vote for this pro-
vision as a matter of course. We must discharge
our obligations to these men that are already en-
listed, ordischarge the men themselves, if we will
act fairly; but, sir, if this war is to continue, 1
do not believe that the country cart sustain itself
by a system of constantly increasing bounties to
induce men to enter into the service of the Gov-
ernment, and by trying^ all wc can to make our
people forget that there is a first high dutv, next
to their duty to God, and a part of their duty to
God; and that is, to render their services to the
country when the country demands- them; but
every man should stand upon equal-ground, and
have a fair chance with his neighbors with regard
to it, and when that is done all is done.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. The motion pending
before the Senate, I believe, is to add a clause to
the first section of the bill providing that after the
5th of January this increased bounty to your
soldiers shall cease.
The Y1CEPRES1DENT. That is the motion.
Mr. LANE, oMndtana. Mr. President,there
are but two modes of raising an army: one'is by
volunteering, and the other by a draft. It seems
to me that much of the difficulty of our situation
has been incurred by attempting to carry on at
the same time two systems independent of each
other, and in some respects antagonistic to each
other. The very theory upon which the conscrip-
tion bill of the last session was passed was that
by voluntary enlistments the Army could not be
filled in sufficient numbers and with sufficient
promptitude. Upon that basis the conscription
act of the last session was passed—that the vol-
unteer system would not fill your armies in time
to meet the public emergencies, and hence it was
deemed necessary to resort to the draft.
Much has been said in reference to the oper-
ation of thatdraft and to the#300exemption clause
under it. If you'rely upon the system of volun-
teering alone, then you should offer sufficient
bounties to induce the voluntary enlistment of
soldiers in theArmy of the United States; but if
you rely upon the draft, then it seems to me you
should carry it out; but both systems cannot be
carried on at the same time, for at every point
they antagonize with each other. What 1ms been
the effect of this $300 exemption clause? The,
conscription act was passed as a military meas-
ure to raise men, and not as a" financial measure.
It is considered here mainly as a financial meas-
ure, as it seems to me. In other words, it issaid
that although it did not bring men into the ser-
vice, it brought money into the Treasury. We
nerd men more than money. If we could print
soldiers its fast as we can print greenbacks, there
