1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Llttlpjohn, McAllister.MeBridp,McKinnev, JfimesR. Mor- ■
n?j Norton, Odeli, John O'NeiH, Patteison, I'endleion,
Radford, William H. Randall, Uogers, Edward II. Rolling
Schenck, Shannon, Spalding, Starr, Stobbms, Jolm B.
Steele, William G. Steele, Sweat, Upson,Voorhees, Web-
ster, Winfield, Benjamin Wood, and Yeaman—57.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FARNSWORTH moved to reconsider
the vote by which the amendment was adopted;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. HALE resumed the floor.
Mr. WILSON. I appeaito the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to allow me to offeranother amend-
ment which has been agreed to by the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
Mr. HALE. I wili hear it.
Mr. WILSON. It is to add to the fourth sec-
tion the following proviso:
Provided further, That no testimony shall be taken un-
der the provisions of this act until the claimant shall have
taken, subscribed, and filed with hts claim the oath pre-
scribed by the "act to prescribe an oatli ot office,'' ap-
proved July 2, 18fi2, except so much of said oath as relates
to the discharge at the duties of office, and every person
who shall falsely take said oath under the provisions of
this act shall be liable to the penalties prescribed by &aid
act of July 2, 1862.
Mr. HALE, ul have no objection to that.
Mr. WILSON. I move the previous question
on the amendment.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON moved to reconsider the vote by
which the amendment was adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD. As I understand it, the
House has adopted an amendment to tfie first sec-
tion, inserting the word " loyal" in the thirteenth
line.
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. GARFIELD. If gentlemen will read the
thirteenth and fourteenth lines they will see that
the result of that amendment will be to appoint
one commissioner and one solicitor for each of
those loyal States not included m the u foregoing
districts." That is, it appoints a solicitor and a
commissioner, with all their clerks, for the States
of Maine, New Hampshire, Vermont, Iowa,
Michigan, and other Slates in which no damages
of this character have accrued; in other words, we
shall have all these officers appointed fordistricts
where there is no business whatever. I think that
ought to be amended.
Mr. HALE. I suggest to the gentleman from
Ohio that the Delegate from New Mexico states
there are a large amount of claims existing in that
Territory, and that the bill should be made to ap-
ply to Territories as well as to States. I intend
offering that amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD. I desire to have stricken
out of the first section the words " and one com-
missioner and one solicitor for those States not
included in the foregoing districts."
Mr. HALE. Those words include the States
of Iowa and Minnesota, where there are claims
of this character.
Mr. WILSON. I will state to the gentleman
from Ohio that there are claims coming from his
own district every day.
Mr. GARFIELD. My own State comes within
the third district.
Mr. WILSON. Then the gentleman wants to
cut out other States, so that they shall notderive
any benefit at all from the act.
Mr. GARFIELD. The bill, as drawn, is con-
sideiec! as including every State where there are
claims.
Mr. HALE. I desire the gentleman from Ohio
to designate his amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD repeated the terms of his
amendment.
Mr. HALE. I cannot agree to that.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move the pievious ques-
ti« i) uii mv amendment.
Mr. WILSON. I did not understand the gen-
tli'inaii i'lom Pennsylvania as yielding for the
Jimpo.s't' of having that amendment offered.
AJr. HALE, i did not yield.
The SPEAKER. Then the Chair cannot en-
tertain the demand for the previous question.
Mr HALE. I only yielded to have the amend-
ment read.
Mr. GARFIELD. I have an amendment to
offer to the third section.
Mr. HALE. I will yield to hear it read.
Mr. GARFIELD. My amendment is to strike
out the words "or by any" and insert "acting
under legal;" so that it will read:
Sec. 3. be it further enacted, That said commis-
sinners shall severally have cognizance of all claims
against the United States arising m their respective dis-
tricts, and which shali be presented to them by any person
who, duung the present rebellion, has sustained, or may
sustain, damages by injury to or destruction of any prop-
erly which has been or maybe injured or destroyed by the
use or occupation of the Army of the United Stales, or of
any division or portion thereof, acting under legal military
authority.
Mr. HALE. I will suggest an amendment
which 1 think will cover tile ground—to insert
the word "competent," so that it will read "by
any competent military authority."
Mr. GARFIELD. 1 think that will answer
the purpose.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman froni
Pennsylvania yield to the gentleman from Ohio
to offer his amendment?
Mr. HALE. No, sir; but he will accept the
modification which I offer.
Mr. GARFIELD. 1 think the object can be
accomplished by striking out the words " or
any;" so that it will read, " by competent mili-
tary authority." My reason for introducing the
amendment is this: as the section now stands,
the Government might have to pay for damages
done by the rebel army; for it reads, " or by any
military authority." I want that so changed as
that the Government can only be called upon to
pay for damages done by our own Army.
Mr. WILSON. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio whether he thinks that the action of the
rebels would be constmed as being " by military
authority" as against the United States?
Mr. GARFIELD. Most certainly it would
not be.
The question was taken on "Mr. Garfield's
amendment as modified by Mr. Hale; and it was
rejected.
'Mr. BEAMAN. I move to lay the bill on the
table.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Hale] has the floor. When he
surrenders the floor that motion will be in order.
Mr. HALE. I ask unanimous consent to cor-
rect the sentence by inserting the word" thereof;"
so that it will read, " by any competent military
authority thereof."
There being no objection, the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to yield for an amendment which
1 desire to offer.
Mr. HALE. I will yield to hear it read.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I object.
Mr. HALE. 1 have another amendment to
offer. It is to insert after the words "United
States," in the thirty-fourth line of the fourth
section, the words "and that he has presented
all his just claims arising under this act against
the United States."
Mr. GARFIELD. The object of that is to
prevent claimants bringing up other claims after-
wards.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Pennsylvania desne a vote on his amendment?
Mr. HALE. I do.
The SPEAKER. Then the gentleman will
lose his n<j;!it to the floor.
Mr. HALE. Then 1 do not insist on a vote.
[Laughter.] I wish to move another amend-
ment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I make the
point of order that there is one amendment pend-
ing now.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
pomt of order.
Mr. HALE. I withdraw that amendment. I
move to amend the first section by inserting after
the word " States" the words " and Territories."
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call for a
division on that amendment.
Mr. HALE. I withdraw the amendment.
[Laughter.] And now I will hear the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Boijtwf.il.]
Mr. WADSWORTH. 1 object. '
Mr. BOUTWELL. 1 ask the j&nileijwn from
Pennsylvania to yield to me the floor. ' _
Mr. J. C. ALiLBN. I rise to a privileged
motion. I move that the House resolve itself
into a Committee of the Whole House on the
Private Calendar-.
The SPEAKER. The gentteman fVom' Penn-
sylvania has the floor. When he, surrenders'it
that motion will be in order. • . ,
Mr. WILSON. I understand that the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania agrees to offer the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Massachusetts. .
Mr. Boutwell's amendment was read, aa fol-
lows:
•And provided fuither, That no inference shall bo drawn
from this act that the Government of the United States i 
liable to pay any of the claims that may be presented tut
herein provided; butsaid claims sliail stand, in all respects,
as to the liability of the Government, as if this act had not
been passed.
Mr. HALE. There is no objection to that. .
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I object.
Mr. HALE. I am in favor of the amendment,
and I think it should be adopted.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Hale] can move it himself..
Mr. HALE. Unless the Chair should recog-
nize me again, I w.ould not be entitled to the floor.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object to
bargains. [Laughter.] ' : .
The SPEAKER. The Chair can make nobar-
gain with the gentleman from Pennsylvania as to
who shall be recognized. The gentleman is no^r
in ^possession of the floor for the second time to-
day.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I object to his yielding
for that purpose.
Mr. HALE. I move the amendment, and I
move the previous question on the bill and amend-
meiit.
Mr. BEAMAN. 1 move to lay the bill on the
table.
Mr. MALLORY. I call forthe yeas and nays
on that motion. 1 want a record on this first step
in the road of repudiation.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 50, nays 74, not voting 58',
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. William J. Allen, Allison, Ashley, Bax-
ter, Beaman, ('hauler, Ambrose W. Oiarlc, Cobb, Dawes,
Dawson, Demine, Dixon, Donnelly, Edetl, Eliot, Farns-
vvorth. Fenton. Frank, Uooch, Higby, Asahel VV. Hubbard,
John II. Hublmid, liulbuid, Ingersoll, Julian, OrlanctoKel-
loja;, Knox, I.onavear, Moitiidoe, Morrill, Daniel Morris,
Morrison.Orth. Pike, l'omeroy, Price, Alexander H. Rice,
Jolm II. liice, Robinson, Schenck, Sloan, Smithers, Stilea,
Thayer, Tracy, (Jpson, F.lihu B. Wasliburnc, William B.
Washburn, Wilson, and Woodhrnlge—50.
NAYS—Messis. ,'famesO. Allen, Alley, Ancona, Ander-
son, ISaily, Augustus C. Baldwin, Blair, Blow, BounvoB,
Boyd, Biooks, lit oomall, Coffioth, Cravens,Creswell, Den-
is on. fit igas, Edgerton, Eldiidge, Enjhsh, Finek, Ganson,
Garfield, Grider, Gnewold, Bale, Harding, Hairington,
Chailes M. Hams, ilohnan, Iloopei, Uotchkiss, Philip
Johnson, William Johnson, Kalhfleiseli, Keman,Law, La-
zest. he Blond, Loan, Long, Mallory, Marcy, MeBride,
MeClurg, McDowell, Samuel F. Miller, William II. Miller,
Moorhead, Autos Myers, Noble, Odeli, Charles O'Neill,
Piiiyn. Bedford, Samuel J. Randall, Jaines S. Eoilina,
Ross, Scott, Smith, John It. Steele, Strouse, Stuai t,Thom-
as, Wadsworth, Ward, Webster, Whaley, Wheeler, Chilton
A. White, Joseph W. White, Wilder, Wmdoin, and Fer-
nando Wood—
NOT VOTING—-Messrs. Ames, Arnold, Jolm D. Bald-
win, Blaine, Bliw, Bramlegee, James S. Brown, William
G. Brown, Freeman Clarke, Clay, Cole, Cox, Henry Y, lit-
ter Davis, Thomas T. Davis, Dnmont, Eckley, GunnelT,
Hall, Benjamin G. Ilairis, Heinck, Ilutchins, Jenckes,
Kasson, K.-lley, Ftaneis W. Kellogg,king. Knapp, Llttle-
iolm, Marvin,McAllister, McKiliney. Middleton, James K.
Morris, Leonard Myers, Nelson. Notion, Jolm O Neill,
Patterson. Pendleton, Petliain, P«'iry, William II. llanriiiU,
Rogcjd, Edwa.ul If. Kollins, PcofiHd, Shannon, Spaldmg,
Stair, sJtebbtnat, William G. Steele, Stevens, Sweat, Vau
Va!kcttbui<|iN Vooi)ioe>, Williams, YVinfteld, Benjamin
Wood, and Yeaman— f>8. ***
So the bill was not laid on the table.
The question being on seconding the demand
for the previous question on the engrossment of
the bill,
Mr. WILSON called for tellers.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, I move that
the House do now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. Before putting the questioft
on that motion the Chair will state that if the
House now adjourns the evening session which
has been set apart for the business of the District
of Columbia will not be held. ,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, culled forthe
yens and nays on the motion to adjourn.
