1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1107
resource for the merchants in the present condi-
tion will be to pay to speculators who hold the
gold whatever price they choose to demand, and
which must be steadily increasing higher and
higher, unless you authorize the Secretary to part
with some poition of his surplus of com in ex-
change for a portion of the surplus of cutrency
which the merchants have; and that is the object
of this joint resolution, to authorize the Secretary
to dispose of any of Che surplus of gold in the
Treasury. It is not the merchants who are spec-
ulating in gold, but the harpies generated about
the curbstones of a great commercial city, who
are speculating on the wants of the merchants as
well as on the wants of the Government.
Mr. STEVENS. I had intended to ask for the
previous question, so that we could get to a vote
upon this bill to-night, but I find that there are
several gentlemen of great intelligence who desire
to say something upon the bill before it passes.
I do not, therefore, feel at liberty to propose the
previous question at this time, if the House now
adjourns, the bill will come up first in the morn-
ing hour. And in order.that nothing may inter-
vene to prevent it from coming up us the fust busi-
ness, I propose to move that the House do now
adjourn.
HUDSON BAY CLAIMS.
The SPEAKER. With the permission of the
gentleman, before the House adjourns the Chair
will lay befoie the House a message fiom the
President.
Mr. STEVENS. I will give way for that pur-
pose.
The SPEAKER thereupon, by unanimous con-
sent, laid befoie the House a message from the
President of the United States, transmitting a copy
of a treaty between the United Slates and Gieat
Butain, for the final settlement of the claims of
the Hudson's Bay and Puicet Sound Agricultural
Company, concluded on the 1st of July, and the
ratifications of which were exchanged in this city
on the 5th instant, and recommending an appro-
priation to cany into effect the first, second, and
third articles thereof; which was referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered to
be printed.
And then, on motion of Mr. STEVENS, (at
half past four o'clock, p. rn.,) the House ad-
journed.   
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, March 15, 1864.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Joui nal of yestet day was lead and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Son-
ate a message from the President of the United
States, recommending legislation in relation to tiie
treaty between the Umfed Stales and ihe repub-
lic of Ecuador for the adjustment of claims-, which
was lefeiied to the Committee on Foieigu Rela-
tions, and ordered to be printed.
Ho a!«o laid before the Senate a repoit of the
Secretary of the Interior, transmitting the report,
books, papers, and a wauls of the commission ap-
pointed under the act of Confess of February
16, lSf>2, entitled "An act for the relief of.per-
sons for damages sustained by teason of depreda-
tions and injuries by certain bands of Sioux In-
dians;" which was ivfmiedto the Committee on
Indian AfKurs.
lie also laid befoie the Senate a letter of the
Secretary of the Inteiior, transmitting a commu-
nication from the Cotnwi!*sion<-r of Indian A (fairs,
showing the amount due to ib" Q,uapaw tribe of
Indians under tieaty stipulations, and recom-
mendin^ nn appropriation to be applied for the
payment of expenses incident to ihen* removal
fiom Kansas; winch was lefened lo ihe Commit-
tee on Indian Aftans.
lMiTITIO-XS AX 1) MEMOUrALS.
Mr. SUMNER pifsentcd two petitions of cit-
izen* of Boston, Mas*n< hns"tN, pravm^ for an
increase in the facilities for the transportation of
mails, pa-sengef?, am! freight between the cities
of New Ym rind Philadelphia: which were r< -
ferred to the Committee on Miiitaiy Affairs and
the Militia?
Pie also presented two petitions of citizens of
the United States above the aire of eighteen years,
praying Congress to pais at the < .u-ln st practica-
ble day an. act emancipating all persons held to
involuntary service or labor in the United States;
which were referred to the select committee on
slavery and freedmen.
Mr.POMEIlOY presented the petition of Mrs.
William Whistler, widow of Colonel William
Whistler, United States Army, praying for a pen-
sion; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. TEN EYCK presented six petitions of citi-
zens of Monmouth county, New Jersey, praying
for an increase in the facilities for the transporta-
tion of mails, passengers, and freight between the
cities of New York and Philadelphia; which were
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented eight petitions of
hospital stewards of the United States Army,
praying for increased rank and pay; which were
referred to the Committee'on Military Affairsand
the Militia.
Mr. WILKINSON presented a memorial ofthe
Legislature of Minnesota m favor of an additional
grant of lands to aid in the construction of the
Southern Minnesota railroad; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. ANTHONY presented the memorial of
A. & W. Sprague and others, manufacturers, of
Rhode Island, remonstrating against the extension
of the patents of Charles Goodyear for the manu-
facture of vulcanized rubber; which was referred
to the Committee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. COWAN presented the petition of Milton
Finkle, of New York, praying for an extension
to him of his patent for certain improvements in
machinciy for making wne heddles; winch was
referred to the Committee on Patents and the Pa-
tent OfHce.
RIGHT OF SUFFRAGE TO PERSONS OF COLOR.
Mr. SUMNER. I have in my hand a memo-
rial which isaddresscd " to his Excellency, bra-
ham Lincoln, President of the United States,and
to the honorable the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of A met ica in Con-
gress assembled." It proceeds from one thousand
and three colored citizens of Louisiana. In this
memorial they represent that they are citizens of
the United States by a decision, of the actual At-
torney General; that some of them are veterans
of the war of 1812, who it will be remembered
were hailed by General Jackson as 'Mellow-citi-
zens;" that others are the sons of those soldieis;
that many of them have already fought in this
war, and that when their services were needed
they came foiward as voiuntecis, and that now
having rendered ioyal service in the suppression
of the rebellion they ask also that then electoral
franchise shall be lecognized. They say in con-
clusion that they have applied in respectful terms
to Brigadier General George F. Shepley, mihlaiy
governor of Louisiana, and to Major General N.
P. Hanks, commanding the department ofthe
Gulf, ptaying to be placed upon the registers as
vot' rs, to the end that they might paiticipate in
the leoiganizal ion of civil government in Louis-
iana; and that their petition lias met with no re-
sponse from those ofSceiv, and it is feared that
none will be jjiven; and they therefore appeal to
the justice of the representatives of the nuion,
and ask that a!' the citizens of Louisiana of Af-
rican descent, born free before the rebellion,may
by proper orders be directed to bo inscribed on
the registers and admitted to the rights and priv-
ileges of electors.
1 have omnttd to vay, sir, in describing these
petitioner, that tiiey say of themselves that for
several yeai s tii (y have contributed taxes on ptop-
eity ass<'SM'd to the amount of $15,000,000; and
yef these n<o-.h thus taxed have been excluded
from the ex. tci-'o of the electoral franchise.
The e.MviM' to w horn t his memorial was in-
fiusied by these on-* thousand petitions?, since
their at 11val in Wash i;;^on, have prepared a sup-
plementary memo) iel \v hich 1 am requested to pre-
sent in eonniction with the- pm.cipal
This also is addi es.si d to t he Pi esiden t ps v/< 'las
to both Houses of Congress. In this they repre-
sent that by recent otdus the constitution and
laws of Louisiana have been set mide in two im-
poilant particulars: fiist, that constitution and
those laws forbade soldiers from exercising the
elo'Uoiai fianehite. hut they have been allowed
to exercise it; and secondly, that constitution and
those laws recognized slavery, but by military
orders slavery has been set aside; and these pfc*
tkioncrs represent that if it was in the power of
any military officer to set aside that constitutioa
and those laws m those two particulars, it was
also in his power to set them aside still furthers©
as to award to these tax-paying citizens the elec-
toral franchise. And they conclude this supple-
mentary petition by saying that in the original
petition they had only asked the right of suffrage
for those citizens of Louisiana of African descent
born free before the rebellion; yet that justice and
the principles for which they contend require also
the extension of this privilege to those born slaves,
with such qualifications as shall affeetequally tfee
black and the white citizen, and that this is required
not only by justice, but also by expediency, which
demands that full effect should be given to all the
U^ion feeling in the rebel States in order to secure
the permanence of the free institutions and loyal
governments now organized therein. The final
prayer of this memorial is as follows:
"And your memorialists pray that the right of suffrage
may be extended not only to natives of Louisianaof African
descent born tree, but. abo to all natives of Louisiana of
African descent, whether born slave or fiee, subject only
to such qualifications as shall equally affect the white una
black citizen."
As this final prayer concerns the treatment of
thefteedmen of this country, I ask the reference
of these papers to the select committee on slavery
and the treatment of freedmen.
The VICE PRESIDENT. They will be so
referred.
PRINTING 0r A COMMUNICATION.
On motion of Mr. WILKINSON, it was
Ordered, That the Jcttei of the Secretary of the Interior
to the Pre&idout of the United Slates, lelative to the fund
apptopiiatcd by the Thirty-Seventh Congress for coloniza-
tion puiposes, be printed.
PAPK11S WITHDRAWN AXD REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. FOOT, it was
Ordered * That the memorial of James Casparis and others,
m lelation to the purchase of certain lots in the city of
Washington, embiaced in the contemplated enlargement of
the Capitol gtound^, ')C taken from the files of the Senate
and lofcired to the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds.
DICTIONARY OF CONGRESS. *
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have been requested to
present, for the purpose of reference to the Com-
mittee on Printing, a resolution in relation to what
is called the Dictionary of the United States Con-
gress. I have not examined this question, and
do not express any opinion upon it myself what-
ever; but I present the resolution for the simple
purpose of reference to the Committee on Print-
ing:
Resolved, Tint thcie he printed for the u«e of the Smtat*
the rei'iilai number of copies of the Dictionary of the
United states Conyres6?, ptepared by the late librarian of
the HoiiM., and aht ady ouieted by that body; and the Sec-
u'l uv i- heieby dneeted to pay to the compilei the .same
copyright allowed by the lloibe or [l<>pic*out,itivcs.
The resolution way referred to the Committee
| on Printing.
;j REPORTS FRO.M COMMITTEES.
|l Mr. HARLAN, fiom the Committee on j?ub-
ij lie Lands, to whom weie re fern d resolutions of
}! the Legisiatme of Kansas in f.ivor of the con-
j| strnction of a miliktty road from FortLcaven-
! worth via Fort Riley to Fort Lamed, and in favor
| of.m appropi iation for tlm construction of abridge
' across the Republican uver on the Government
reservation at Fort Riley, asked to be discharged
! from their further consideration, and that they
| be iefW'ed to the Committee on Mihtaiy Affairs
: and the Militia: which was a^re^d to.
I Mr. DOOLITTLE. T'm Committee on Indian
. AfT^n's to whom w^s n ferred a bill (S. No. 90)
i to provide fur the employment of the Sioux In-
, dun "aptivcs m the military service of the United
vSratfrf, have considered and examined the same,
and Jitid that no legislation is necessary on the
subject: and they have instructed me to ask that.
1 th"v be dischaiged from the Anther consideration
Of tilC subject.
The icport was united to,
! Mr. GRIMES, from the Committee on the
Distiict of Columbia, to whom were referred the
; following bill-?, repoited them without amend-
! ment:
i A 1*11 (S. No, 147) tu regulate the fees of the
