1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
every citizen of this Republic owes to its Govern-
ment the utmost of his ability for the mainten-
ance of theGovernment during this war, whether
of money or of personal service. It is not a mat-
ter of choice, but it is a matter of duty. It is a
debt due, and it ought to be paid, and the Gov-
ernment, as the agent of the whole people, ought
to insist on the payment of it. I am glad to hear
that doctrine. It is a very late day to proclaim
it. It is not exactly the first enunciation of it
made in the United States. I think General But-
ler intimated some such principle as that during
his administration of affairs in the city of New
Orleans. I oftered myself, Mr. President, allow
me to say, a year ago, to incorporate a modifi-
cation of that principle in a bill which 1 had the
honor of introducing here, and which had the
honor of getting referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and which had the honor of dying
there. I have never heard from it since. But
other departments of the Government, I believe,
have acted on a very different principle, to wit:
upon the principle that it was a mere matter of
choice cn the part of any one and every one,
whether he would fight for the Republic or fight
against it; whether he would support it or oppose
it; stand by it or stand against it; and so far have
they carried that principle in some departments
of the Government, that you have seen repeatedly,
during the progress of this war, our military com-
manders, in districts in rebellion against the Gov-
ernment of the United States, calling citizens of
the United States up before them, one after the
other, and proposing to them to declare for or
against us, inviting them to take an oath in ac-
cordance with their duty to this Government,
submitting it to their choice, giving them the ut-
most freedom of election. If they took the oath
and professed their allegiance to theGovernment,
it has been administered, and they have been re-
ceived into full fellowship. If they refused to
take that oath, but preferred to declare their
friendship and their allegiance to that govern-
ment, or that pretended government, which is
in arms against the Government of the United
States, they have been sent forward at our ex-
pense to reinforce the armies of our enemies, and
to make war against us. That has been done,
not in individual instances only, but it has been
done with hundreds and hundreds from New
Orleans, from Memphis, from every point on the
Mississippi between the two, where our armies
have taken possession.
During the very last summer it happened that
a very distinguished citizen of the State of Ohio
declared that he had not the slightest disposition,
the slightest intention, to pay allegiance to the
Government of the United States, and the Gov-
ernment became satisfied that he told the truth m
that instance, and they sent him down within the
rebel lines. I believe they did not actually lake
him into the army; they thought they had abetter
use for him, and they sent him back to our other
frontier.
Now, I hold that this duty thus announced by
the Senatoi from Maine is one resting with primal
force upon every citizen of the United States, and
it is the first duty of theGovernment of the United
States to enforce that duty, and not to relax in
reference to any one citizen. The man who pro-
fesses a willingness to pay that debt, and pay it
promptly and cheerfully, is a loyal citizen of the
United States and should be treated as such, and
have all his rights and all his protections under
its Government. The man who does not profess
it, or professes the contrary, is the enemy of the
United States, and should be treated as the enemy
of the United States by the Government and by
all its agents.
But now, sir, if this is a correct principle—and
I do not think it will be controverted here when
it is once stated as clearly and as forcibly as it
has been by the Senator from Maine—thisfollows,
that whether you want an army of five hundred
thousand or five million of men, it is the duty of
every man to contribute to the composition of that
army equally in proportion to his ability. How
shall that be done? The Senator from Indiana has
argued that the most popular if not the most equi-
table (I think he said the most equitable) way of
doing it was to leave it to the choice of every man
whether he would become a soldier in that army or
not. Now, I must differ from that proposition. I
do not think it is the most equitable, and I do not
think it is the most popular method of raising an
army. We have seen both methods tried, and
that has proved the most successful, I am very
willing to admit, so far; but it has had the most
thorough trial; the latter method has not had a
thorough trial by any means, not even a fair one.
I think that the first is not the most equitable.
I suppose every Senator on this floor has wit-
nessed the efforts made to fill the calls for volun-
teers which have been made by the Executive
during the past years of this war, and you hare
seen how far those efforts have been equally dis-
tributed among the people of your several com-
munities. I dare say there is not a Senator here
whose observation has not corresponded with
mine to this extent, that while he has seen men
unfavorably circumstanced so far as worldly for-
tune is concerned, men of small means, men with
families dependent upon them, men having as
many ties to homeasany others in the community,
severing all these ties and stepping into the ranks
of the Army as soldiers of the Union promptly and
cheerfully and ungrudgingly; and he has seen other
men, under no sort of legal obligation by reason of
age or of disability to enter the military service of
the United States, contributing liberally, largely,
bountifully, from their means to induce others to
go into the Army, or to support the families of
those who did go; he has also seen other men,
able-bodied and single men of large means, who
not only would not enlist as soldiers, but who
constantly and obstinately refused, time andagain,
and continually, to contributed dime to encourage
anybody else to go.
I think every Senator here has witnessed all
these things; and 1 think every Senator here has
heard complaintsbecauseofthem. Generousmen,
brave men, patriotic men, have bled freely and
cheerfully; but illiberal men, unjust men, and
sneaks luive not bled at all. So that the opera-
tion of the volunteer system has not been equita-
ble. I do not think it is so equitable as the system
proposed in the law we enacted last winter.
The 'Senator from Indiana says that however
that may be, it has been more popular. I respect-
fully submit that he is mistaken on that point also.
Up to last winter we had tried no other expedient
to fill up our armies but that of volunteering. We
had tried no other expedient up to the time the
elections were held in the fall of 1862. The re-
sult of those elections did not declare the utmost
satisfaction on the part of the people of the United
States, either with the war or with ourmodeof car-
rying it on. During the last winter we changed
that system; we announced, in a modified form,
the principle to-day declared by the Senator from
Maine, that it was the duty of every man to step
forward at the call of his Government and to de-
fend the flag of the Union; and since that law was
enacted, we have had other elections throughout
all these States, the results of which the Senator
from Indiana will agree with me have signified that
at least the people are much better satisfied with the
mode of conducting this war than they were the
year before. So 1 conclude from this evidence
that the last mode of filling up the armies of the
United States is a more popular as well as a more
equitable one than that which we tried before.
But I cannot quite coincide with the opinion sub-
mitted here by the Senator from Maine, that a
draft, an inexorable, inflexible lottery among all
the men of the country of certain classes, is a
strictly equitable mode of executing the principle
which he has announced, and to which I assent.
1 say that it does not operate equitably; it does
not operate equally and justly. You must take
communities as they stand. You will have seen
under the draft just made, in some instances every
member of a business firm doing a large amount
of business, amounting to thousands per year,
drafted into the Army. Now, if it is made a duty
by law for them to leave their business and to
step into the ranks, and there is no mode what-
ever of avoiding that obligation, what is the effect
upon them? That business is destroyed, at a
sacrifice of thousands and thousands per annum
to that firm.
Mr. PESSENDEN. The Senator will under-
stand me. I did not.attempt to define what should
be the particular provisions. I did not declare
myself as opposed to the idea of receiving substi-
tutes. On the contrary, 1 believe that should al-
ways be allowed. I expressed no opinion on the
subject of paying money for exemption. That
question I have not sufficiently considered to vote a,
upon it now. I spoke of the general system* with- -
proper limitations, of course.
Mr. HOWE. I am entirely in accord with th4
Senator in reference to the merits of the system,,,
as a general system; but.if I was mistaken as to,>',
the particular view.submitted fey the Senator front: t
Maine, I,think that vie.w has been subraitted-by,
other Senators; I am not aure buMhat the Senator,,,
from Indiana enforced it in the .remarks he has,;,
just submitted to the Senate.'
While in such cases as those to which l have
just alluded the draft operates disastrously,,ypu
must know that .every, man in the United States,,-
is not so fortunately circumstanced. ,Unfoi'tu- .
nately for the country, there are a great many
men in the United States who cannot earn <*1,000
a year if left to attend to their own business and to-
employ their own judgments) their own intellects,.-
and their own capacities. Unfortunately, there is,-.,
a class of men who could do better for themselves •
pecuniarily, and better for their families pecuni- .
arily, by entering into the service of the United
States for reasonable pay^in its armies, than they,
could do at home in the unrestricted.and iVce use
of their own faculties. Now, what has been ,t!>«, .
real difficulty With this $300 exemption clause? .
As I conceive, it has been this: there were a great ;
many men drafted under the. law who could*not ■
raise the $300, and they got no benefit from the
pay ment of the $300 by those who did pt£y it. The
lot fell upon them. They had no inducement to*
go into the Army except the paymentof.thirteen •
dollars per month, and the bounty of $100 which. •
I Lhink was continued to men drafted. That was
all the inducement. Wages had increased. It
was a sacrifice to them to accept this service upon
these terms; but the law gave them no alternative -
except that of "paying the $300, and that they could .
not avail themselves of by reason of their poverty s..
whereas they saw men right above them whocould ■
leave their homes with less detriment than they
could, who were better able to leave home, who ,
had fewer ties binding them to home, but who lmd :
a fortune which enabled them to avail themselves .
of this §300 clause by the payment of $300: .and ,
under the construction placed upou it by the War -
Office, they were allowed to pay $300 into: the
Treasury, and were thus exempted from all mili-
tary service for three years, while the less fortu-
nate neighbor, not being able to raise the $300, •
was obliged to go into the service and serve three !
years for thirteen dollars a month.
That has seemed to me to be the real difficulty, •
and it has seemed to me that it might be avoided
to a great extent, perhaps not to the full extent,
by providing for the exemption of those who are
willing to contribute money and prefer to con-
tribute money rather than personal service, and
at the same time lighten the burden which falls
on those who mustgive service because they have',
not the money. The provision which I would
make is this: allow any man to be exempted on
the payment of $300, if that is thought to be the
proper sum, but allow him only to be exempted
from service under the draft for which he pays
the $300,and do not place that money in the hands
of the Government to buy substitutes, but let it
constitute a fund to be distributed equally among
those who do choose to go into service under the
draft.
Mr. COWAN. Will the Senator from Wis-
consin allow me to ask him a question?. Has the
War Department decided that by pay ment of $300
commutation money the person paying it is ex-
empt for the term for which the men were called
out under that draft, or only for that drawing
itself?
Mr. HOWE. I understand that they have made
three decisions. First they decided that the pay-
ment of the $300 exempted a man from service
during the term for whtch the draft was made.
On revision of the. subject, they decided that it
exempted only from the particular draft; and on
a re-revision of it, they reaffirmed their first de-'
cision,and so I understand stands the law as con-
strued by the Department at the present day. I
do not understand this from any authentic source,
perhaps.
Mr. COWAN. If the honorable Senator will .
allow me, I will say that the decision, as I under-
stand it, is only that the party-is exempted from
service under that call. The President called for
three hundred thousand mea. Until that number
