1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
S1*1
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir.
Mr. SUMNER. I answer that it has no con-
nection with that fact.
Mr. GRIMES. I think the country ought to
know and would desire to know whether there is'
any indication in creating this office that there is
to be any truckling to any foreign Power what-
ever; and if the Senator can assure me that no
such sentiment as that entered into the minds of
those from whom this st
might perhaps strengthen-
Mr. SUMNER. I answer the Senator frank-
ly. This proposition comes into the Senate from
the Committee on Foreign Relations, and I can
assure him that no such idea has ever entered
into that committee, certainly so far as I can
speak from its deliberations. The idea, J say,
comes from thatcomnuttee; but that is not all 
Mr. GRIMES. 1 understood the Senator from
Rhode Island to remark, in reply to the chairman
of the Committee on Fkiance, that the Secretary
of State had approached him upon the subject,
and had told him that King Leopold desired, dur-
ing the last Administration, that thegrado of this
mission should be raised; and I therefore judged
that this must have emanated from the Secretary
of State.
Mr. ANTHONY. Allow me to correct my
friend. I did not mean to be understood, and cer-
tainly I did not say, that the Secretary of State
had approached me. In conversation on this sub-
ject long ago the Secretary of State told me that
a request of that kind had been made by the King
of the Belgians, and under the last Administra-
tion, that j)f Mr. Buchanan, before Maximilian
had ever been heaid of in this country. It has
not the slightest relation to that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It seems the last Admin-
istration did not think our dignity lequired it.
Mr. ANTHONY. They did not think it best
to do a great many things that we think it proper
to do.
Mr. SUMNER. The minister of the King of
the Belgians arrived here only at the close of the
last Administration, in the month of January or
February before that Administration went out of
office, and they therefore naturally left (he whole
question to the incoming Administration. But
then I wish to reply in good faith to the inquiry
of the Senator from Iowa, though 1 do not know
that it needs any reply, for he knows perfectly
well that those who have brought this proposi-
tion forward on this floor have no idea of truck-
ling to any Power. The persons responsible for*
the proposition directly here are the Committee
on Foreign Relations; but they have acted in con-
cert with the Department of State, which Depart-
ment of State had originally received an intimation
on the subject from the Government of Belgium,
an intimation in two forms: first, verbally; and
then, as I have said, by the fact of Belgium send-
ing us a full minister.
Mr. DOOLiTTLE. The lemarksof the Sen-
ator from Ohio yesterday and of the Senator from
New Hampshire to-day, speaking of a tieaty or
a supposed treaty between the United States arid
Belgium on the subject of the Seneldt dues, have'
thrown out a suggestion to the prejudice of this
proposition, and what is more, as it seems to me,
to the prejudice of our country before the people,
and I desire to say a single word on that subject
by way of reply.
Mr. President, it is known that the United
States led the way m the proposition to abolish
what were denominated the Sound dues in Don-
maik,the dues upon the Elbe,and the dues upon
the Scheldt. The United States led the way when
Mr. Marcy was Secretary of State, and under
declarations amounting quasi to a declaration of
war even with Denrmuk if the Sound dues were
not relinquished; hut on consultation, this Gov-
ernment, with the other Governments, agreed to
capitalize those duns and to pay a certain sum of
money to Denmark. That js the way it origin-
ated. The other nations of the woild acted in
conccrt with us, wc taking the lead in abolishing
those duos m Denmark, and also upon the Elbe;
and if this supposed treaty has been negotiated
and ratified, it is probable that it js carrying out
the same policy.
1 will not detain the Senate by soeakiugatlength
on this subject, but it is carrying out the policy
not of any recent date that has a particular refer-
ence to King Leopold, and certainly shows noth*
ing in the nature of truckling to King Leopold,
because Maximilian, who is supposed to be about
to leave Europe to take the throne of Mexico,
may be by marriage related to King Leopold, or
truckling to the Emperor of the French, or to any
other foreign Power. The time may come per-
haps when in relation to Mexican affairs we shall
be called upon to speak. At present, for one I
do not feel that it is necessary to make any dec-
larations on my part of what opinion 1 as an in-
dividual Senator may entertain in relation to the
intervention on the part of the French in Mexico,
nor on the subject of Maximilian taking the throne
in Mexico, but the time may come when we may
be called upon to speak on these questions.
Mr. President, I felt called upon to say as much
as this by way of reply to the remarks of the Sena-
tor from Ohio yesterday and the Senator fiom
New Ilampshhe to-day. I think this question
about the raising of the grade of our minister to
Belgium should be consideied entirely independent
of any consideration growing out of the negotia-
tion of that treaty. 1 became satisfied on this
matter being considered in the committee in all
its gearings, both the question of raising the grade
and the other question which may follow of rais-%
ing the pay at some future time, that the propo-
sition was correct, and I shall give it my support.-
Mr. DAVIS. I a'm opposed to raising this mis-
sion. If we raise the mission, that is the first step,
and the next step will inevitably be to raise the
salary. That will follow just as certainly as night
follows day. The gentleman who represents our
Government at the Belgian court is to be con-
tinued if the mission be raised. If his capacity
could be raised in the same proportion 1 would
vote for the measure; but I apprehend that he will
have no more ability to serve our Government
and country there after he is made an embassador
of the first class than he now has. Belgium is
not,a second-rate power. A friend infoims me,
and my general recollection corresponds with his,
that the population of Belgium is some five mil-
lions.
Mr. SUMNER. About five millions.
Mr. DAVIS. If Belgium weie a'Powerequal
in population, in resources, and in commercial
intercourse with the United States to other coun-
tries where we have missions of the first class,
there might be some fitness in raising our mission
to Belgium to that grade. If the raising of this
mission would make our country, our people, our
Government, our i ate rests more acceptable to
King Leopold, there would then be some reason
for raising the mission; butl imagine that none
of these points wjI! be improved in our favor if
the mission be raised.
1 believe certainly that we now have twice as
many diplomatic representatives as we ought to
have; and if there were a general proposition
made, after inquiry and reflection by the vigilant
and able chauuian of the Cumimtteeon Finance,
[Mi. Fessf.xdcn,] to reduce our missions, I cer-
tainly would vote for such a proposition. The
attention'wluch he gives to the finances of the
country, and the condition of the Treasury, and 1
the expenditure of the public money, is in the j
highest degree praiseworthy, and the country j
eei tainly owes him a deep debt of gratitude for his j
fidelity m these respects, and 1 honor him for it. I
It seems to me that it has become a good part of !
the business of the Congressof the United States, i
especially since the war conTmenced, to increase !
the number of officers and the rates of salary and !
compensation. I believe now that we have a vast j
redundancy of officers in all the public service, '
and I believe that redundancy exists in our for- !
eign list. 1 believe the list of foreign appoint- ;
ments, commercial as well as diplomatic, contains .
as great an excess proportionally to the demands .
and the businessof the country,orthegreatestex- ;
cess, that there is in any branch of the entire ser- 1
vice of the Government. Instead of continuing on ■
in tins beaten track—this track where all the steps |
are forward—of increasing offices and increasing
salaries, I would much prefer that we should make (
a retrograde movement. I shall therefore vote 1
aga>nst~the raising of this mission.
Mr. JOHNSON. The Committee on Foreign '
Relations, 1 supposed, until I heard the lionjra- |
ble member from Kentucky, were unanimous* m
favor of this proposition, and they came to that j
conclusion after being satisfied by information jj
upon which they knew they could rely that it ii
was the wish of the Government that ibis mret&"*
ure should be adopted. As far as 1 was kidivitf-
ually concerned, I was perfectly willing to leave
a measure of this sort almost entirely within th$
control of the Government. The foreign relfctidrfs
of the country are placed entirely within the ju-
risdiction of the President, as far as they are-car-
ried on by measures of this description; and when
the President of the United States, who is sup-
posed to speak through the Secretary of State^
informed us that he thought a national benefit, to
some extent at least, Would be the result of a
measure of this kind without asking that there
should be any additional expenditure, the com-
mittee thought it was their duty almost to concur
in that advice.
The honorable member from New Hampshire
supposes that it may lead to some increase of com-
pensation. The Executive does not propose any
such increase. Whether Congress hereafter shall
or shall not decide that there shall be an increase
of the-salary of this minister, or an increase of the
salary of any of the other ministers, is a matter
entirely within the judgment of a future Congress.
I confess for one I should prefer that the salary
should be increased at once; but that is not pro-
posed.
The objection urged by the honorable member
from New Hampshire, that the incumbent of this
office, if you confer on him this honor, will con-
sider it an indignity, is not to be considered as
true in point of fact. He is here, and i suppose
he is aware that such a proposition as this has
beer\ before the Senate, and I do not know that
he has said to anybody that he would consider
himself as insulted or disparaged in any way by
giving him the additional rank unless'it is fol-
lowed by an'additignal compensation.
The honorable member tells us, and tells us
truly, that in the condition of the country we
should husband our resources; but this is a very
small way of husbanding resources. We are
spending money by thousands and hundreds of
thousands and millions. The true way of taking
care of the resources of the country is to see that
the moneys which we appropriate are not unne-
cessarily expended.
Now, whatever may be the character in point
of rank of the Government of Belgium, one thing
is perfectly certain, that it has in Europe a very
potential voice. That fact may be owing to the
peculiar character of the present king; but to
whatever it may be referred, one thing is certain,
that the fact exists; and it is all-important for us,
therefore, to do anything consistent with honor
and within the means of the Government to stand
as well as we can stand in the opinion of that
sovereign. He has exhibited throughout these
troubles, as we all know, the kindest feeling, the
most friendly feeling to the United States. Per-
haps he has been almost alone among the sov-
ereigns of Europe in entertaining that opinion.
There is some reason to believe, as I understand,
that the neutral relation in which England stands
toward us, a relation which she considers as neu-
tral, and which, ma great measure, has been very
honorably neutral—perhaps in some cases they
have gone beyond the limits that neutrality would
have prescribed—has been very much owing to
the advice of this sovereign. That of itself, if so,
shows that if we can with any propriety prove to
him that we are sensible of the friendly conduct
which he has observed toward us it would seem
to be true policy that we should adopt such a
measure.
IJe has sent to us a full minister. He thinks
therefoie that the relation in which his kingdom
stands to us requires a representation of that high
grade; and I have nodoubtthat he would be grat-
ified if that compliment to us were returned by
reciprocating the compliment to him. Whether
the pay be too much or too little now is a matter
about which the honoiable member from New
Hampshire and myself perhaps would notdiffer.
We might not think it was pay enough. We are
lawyers, and we think that a man can hardly be
paid too well for his services, whatever they may
be. Now, what is £7,500 or what is $10,000 for
a year's services of this nature r What are the
duties at that court particularly ? He is obliged
to the extent of his means to show all possible at-
tention to his countrymen at least; he is obliged
to reciprocate civility; and fiom what I know,
from information upon which I can rely? got not
