THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED. BY JOHN C. BlVES, WASHINGTON  • 0.7 A
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 1st Session*
WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 23, 1863.
"NEW Series.....NO.;5;
e.atiy in the summer made a special and particu-
lar effort to enlist yeterans; and veteran regiments
were aythorized to be raised in nearly all the
States. They have three in my State, I think; they
have one or two in Maine; 1 believe seven or eight
or ten were authorized in Indiana; and so of other
States,.- Thes£ veterans were promised the sum
of $400; that is, the $300 coming frorti the com-
mutation, and the $100 bounty provided by the ex-
isting law. We have raised some of those men
with the money thus obtained from the commu-
tation.
On the 17th day of October the President called
for three hundred thousand volunteers, making
this promise of $400 to veterans and §300 to other
persons enlisting. It may be that the draft pro-
duced but fifty or sixty thousand men. I shall
not dispute as to the number. The fact that the
act existed on the statute-book fired the towns,
the counties, and the States to renewed energy to
fill up the ranks of the Army by volunteers, and
we have got many thousand men because we had
the law pressing upon the people. We obtained
fifty or sixty thousand drafted men, or substitutes.
About forty thousand men paid the commutation
money, ana the Government offered that money
for veterans. Although the money is not all paid
out, it is all promised, and more too; for instead
of paying all the money to the recruit at once, the
Government only pays him a certain portion of
it, divides the sum into installments so as to cover
the three years of his service, and in that way we
have got more men absolutely enlisted by the use
of this money than the number of men who paid
the commutation.
1 agreed, Mr. President, to report the amenda-
tory bill with a provision striking out the com-
mutation clause. The committee were against me
on that question. It.may be that I am mistaken,
but I have looked upon that as a humane provis-
ion in regard to the poor and toiling men of the
country, a provision in favor of the loyal sections
of the Union, a provision that enables us to retain
at home the skilled labor necessary to carry on
the industrial pursuits of the country, and to fur-
nish the money to carry on this war. I have re-
garded that provision as in favor of the people, in
favor of the country, as furnishing the means that
would enable us to raise troops in Tennessee, in
Texas, in Arkansas, in Mississippi. Wherever
our armies open the way, the poor, the utterly poor
Union menwho have lost their all, and who are will-
ing to fight the battlesof ourcountry,may,by the
use of this money, be induced to enlist, and it will
also serve to put the black men of that section of
the country into our service. We have raised in
EastTennesseesinceBurnsideentered it, I am told,
thirty-five hundred men with this $300 bounty
furnished by the mechanics, the laboring men, the
business men scattered over the loyal States. Wc
have raised some two or three thousand men in
Arkansas, and report says that we have raised
nearly t,wo regiments in Texas now.
Sir, I say to you, if I had my way, instead of
allowing substitutes to be received, I would do
what the experience of the best military nations
of the earth has shown to be proper—I would have
every man drafted go himself or pay a reasonable
commutation, and let the Government, with the
money thus furnished, raise the men, and thus
break up the demoralizing recruiting system that
prevails. I believe, upon my conscience, that if
the draft commences on the 5th day of January,
and Congress repeals the §300 exemption clause,
the price of substitutes before the lstda?y of Feb-
ruary will go up to §1,200 or §1,500. The poor
laboring men, the small farmers, the mechanics,
will have no mode on earth to relieve themselves.
The men who enlist as substitutes will be able to
obtain a large sum of money, ^id that is so much
in favor of men who have little means. If I had
the power to do it, if I had the entire arrangement
of the law, I would amend the enrollment act so
that if a man of means was drafted and he could
render any military service to the country, if he
could go into a fort and do duty on the sea-coast,
or if he could be put into the fortifications to de-
5
fend Washington, I would put him into thatservice
or make him pay the commutation.
What we want to do, 1 take it, is, iij the first
place, to fill up the ranks of our armiessan3,keep
them full; and in the next place we want to m?ke
the law bear as evenly as we can on the, men upon
whom it falls, foryou cannot make perfect equal-
ity. You cannot, in this world of inequality, have
any law that will operate equally upon all men.
Make it as nearly equal as you can, let its burdens
fall as lightly as possible upon the toiling and
laboring poor menof the country,and at thesame
time let us look to it that we take care of the pro-
ductive industry of the country,of ourfarms,our
workshops, our manufactories, our ships, every-
thing that is necessary to earn the means that shall
keep up the credit of the Government and fill the
Treasury, to put down this rebellion.
I would put another provision in this act, and
I want to make the suggestion here now, and that
is, that the States, or individuals'of the States, or
the officers of States, should be permitted, where
ever our armies go or wherever they can go in the
rebel States, to enlist black men or white men.
In the department under General Grant there are
some seventy regiments from the State of Illinois.
We have the Mississippi river open. I would let
the officers of the army from Illinois; I would let
the authorities of Illinois, State, town, or county;
I would let the people of Illinois or Indiana or
any of the western States, or any other State,
enlist white men in the disloyal States and put
them into the ranks of their old regiments. We
do not want to raise regiments of militia down
there that would be good for nothing for a year.
Put them into the old regiments, and let them
count to the States enlisting them. I would raise
black men there, and I would let those authorities
or individuals go there if they choose and send
fifty or sixty or one hundred mil^s into the coun-
try in the rebel States and bring in, andencourage
to come in, the colored men, and put them into
companies and regiments by themselves. We
could thus pick up from the rebel States within
the next two or three or four months tens of thou-
sands of white men and black men, and relieve
our own people from the great burdens that are
pressing upon us; and for that purpose, if I had
my way, I would let the commutation stand at
some rate or in some form, and have this work
go on.
The Senator from Indiana has spoken of the
devotion of his own State, and of the manner in
which her people have filled all the calls made
upon them. Well, sir, we all acknowledge that
the State of Indiana has been surpassed by 110
State, not only in filling the quotas called for,but
in fighting the battles of the country in the field,
and a great deal of this is due to the energy and
organizing power of Governor Morton, the chief
magistrate of that State, and a great deal of it is
due to the patriotism and ability of that people.
'I would not say a word that should detract any-
thing from the State of Indiana, or any other
State, especially any western State; for if there be
a sentiment that ought to be trampled down and
stamped out, it is a sentiment that would foster
hostility between the eastern and western States.
The man who, in public or private life, fosters
hatred between the East and the West, is not only
a demagogue, but an enemy of his country and of
the human race. 1 wish simply to say, sir, as far
as concerns my own State, that in proportion to
the men liable to do military duty, we have fur-
nished for the Army and for the Navy our full
share called for during the war. Senators from
the West, when they speak, as they have a right
to speak, not only of the patriotism of their peo-
ple that crowd the ranks of our armies, but of
their valorin the field,and, above all, the glorious
opportunities that they have had over any other
portion of the country in proving their valorin
the field, should remember that in proportion to
their population they have more men, and espe-
cially young men, than we have in our portion of
the country. The State of Indiana has one hun-
dred and eighteen thousand moro people than the
State of Massachusetts, and of ^hese,oi>e Auna(6S|{
aod eighteen thousand,, one hundred and throe.^
thousand are male^. young. eipigr^td,*.
go to sea, go West'(t$oygan3s oft|)"s$i ar?.
ranks of those very regiments! of tlie
have won so much honor; Many of o.vr young;
men are officers, and ipaB.y <jf die^kh'aye b£en'{Jae;
leaders of those regiment? fuiti.those bqgS^g'ffi
the West. x • ' 7 7,
I was in the Slate of fijfuue last autumn ijjn-i
vassingrpverfive or six of hercou'oties,and 1,
surprised to notice how few, yoiing atteiia$t|!
the meetings. The young men of that. Suvte are
in other States, engaged in the active pur§ui.ts"of
life, or.in the ranks of the Army. It is so all,
through our portion of the country. Wfienyotj'
ask a State in New England in proportion to tya.
population to furnish, the same number o'f now'
that you ask of the States of the West, you are
putting upon it a much greater burden than yo(u
put on the western States; because in the lyggt',
you have, more men accordir>g-to pqpu1atiop,,EinjJ,'
especially .more young men fitted fix ipil'tarjfj
duty. Then t(iere ^'another tiling, t« be consitlV
ered. We send an 1 mmouse 11 umber o fmqn into,
the Navy—a much larger number th p apyotljer
section of the country. I. have a letter from oh.e
town of my State saying we have furnished over
six hundred men for the Navy of the United
States, and we get 110 credit for that; and they
called on us the other day to help make up a
crew for one of our war vessels, and sixty-two
men have been raised at an expense of $3,500,.
subscribed by the citizens, and we get tip credit
for that; and we are now called upon,to fill our
portion o'f the Army. That is our condition in
New England; and I only state it that Senators,
when they speak, as they have a right to speak, of
the patriotism of their people, of their prompt
response to the calls of the country, shall not here
assail or misstate the patriotism or devotion of
other sections of the country.
The PRESIDING SFF1CER, (Mr. Foot.)
The question is on the amendment reported by
the Committee on.Military Affairs.
Mr. COLLAMER. I take it that if any one
desires to amend this amendment before it is
adopted, now is the time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Now is the
time.
Mr. COLLAMER. I propose to amend the,
amendment by stiiking out the words, "5th da.y
of January, 1864, "and inserting "commencement
of the next draft," so that it will read: " and after
the commencement of the next draft there shall
be no bounties paid by the United State? Govern-
ment," &c.
Mr. President, I frequently hear gentlemen
here from different States say that their States
will fill up the quota the President has called for,
and are now doing it. I think that is probably
true; but how are we doing it? We are filling
up thatquotaby offering the men additional boun-
ties by towns, by counties, by States, and by in-
dividuals, in addition to the bounties that theGrov-
ernment pays. That is the way we are doing it.
I take it that whenever you repeal the $300 and
$400 bounties we cannot do anything of that kind
then, and we shall not fill up the quotaatall under
those circumstances. The bill proposes to strike
off the Government bounties after the 5th of Jan-
uary. Now, 1 believe the Executive will receive
such assurances and such evidences of the filling;
up of the Army under the present call as will in-
duce him to give a little more time in which to do
it; and the effect of this bill, if we pass it, when
the people can be informed of it, will very much
further that. The bill, if we pass it and publish
it, will tell them this: " now you see if you will
come in and volunteer and fill up the quota that
is asked for, you may have these bounties; but,
you will understand that if you do not take these
bounties and do not fill up the quota which baa
been called for, when the time comes for making
another draft, you will not get any bounties at all
unless it may be the $100 already provided for," '
and that, I believe,^ notto be given to substitutes.
