208B
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 4,
be, and is hereby, constituted a bureau, which shall be at-
tached to the War Department and shall be styled and
known as the Bureau of Military Justice.
This office has ever been .filled by a military
man. The last man who filled it was Colonel
Lee. This office it is now proposed to make a
bureau, and to make the officer at the head of it
a general instead of a colonel. It is now a mili-
tary office, and it ought to be a military office.
Colonel Holt was appointed to this office. He
is performing its duties, and doing now precisely
what he will do if the bureau is created. The
bill, if the Senate amendments should prevail,
euts him down $200.
It was intended to make this office, filled always
by military men, and under military rules and
regulations, a bureau, !md the head of it a briga-
dier general. Nobody supposes that the officer
who now fills it with so much ability is to be
removed. Everybody is satisfied with Colonel
Holt's management. The intention of the bill
was to increase his rank and to increase his com-
pensation, arid give him some reward for the vast
labois imposed upon him. Since he went into
that office he has had more than ten thousand
cases before him. During the first three months
of this year he has had over eight thousand cases-,
and decided nineteen hundred ofthem. The good
of the Army demands that these cases should be
acted upon promptly. It is proposed, therefore,
to give him two assistants with the same rank
that ht  now holds.' The good of the country,
economy, the order of the Ai my, every thing con-
nected with the military service, demands that
this bureau should be created, and enough officers
put in it of talent and high character to discharge
promptly the duties that are imposed upon them.
Mr. EESSENDEN. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him one question?
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEjN"- What is the salary fixed
in this bill by the Senate amendment for the Judge
Advocate General?
Mr. WILSON. Four thousand dollars.
Mr. FESSENDEN. You say he now receives
#4,5300?
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. FE.^SENDEN. As a colonel?
Mi. WILSON. Yes,sir, as a colonel*, includ-
ing forage for his horses, fuel, and quarters, at
present allowances.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If he as a colonel gets
$4,200, I suppose the two assistants put in by the
House hill will yet #4,200.
Mu WILSON. "Yes, Nil.
Mi. SHERMAN 1 should like to have the
Senator inform us how much u brigadier general
receives?
Mt. WILSON. Four thousand nine hundred
oi five thousand dollars.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suggest to the Senator to
allow tins matter to go over. I wish to look into
it. 1 hope action will not be had upon it now.
Mr. WILSON. I say to the Senator from Ohio
that we had a letter the other day from his brother,
General Sherman, m regard to these very cases
sent up from the Ai my, in which he recommended
a change in our laws so as to deal with guerrillas
without sending their cases to Washington; that
it took Severn! months to send those eases here
and-have them examined or acted upon. These
cases come before us, they are of great import-
ance, and they ought to be settled promptly. No
matter what may be the number of men we put"1
upon them, it will be asaving of money, and will
add to the efficiency of the Army to have those
cases acted upon as soon as they possibly can be.
It is pioposed to appoint two officers as the as-
sistants of the Judge Advocate Genera), who are
to be good lawyers, men of capacity and charac-
ter, who can take these eases up under his direc-
tion and determine and settle them. We have
several thousand back cases now to be brought
up and to be determined upon; and while we aie
failing to do it the military service of th£ country
is suffering.
Mr. GRIMES. I am inclined to agree with the
Senator from Massachusetts that this"bill had bct-
tct lie on the table or be indefinitely postponed. If
the Committee on Military Affairs or anybody
else can draw a bill that wtil be more acceptable,
it should be drawn and presented to us; for lam
satisfied that this bill ought not to pass in any
shape.
Mr. President, let me say in the outset that I
repel entirely the idea which the Senator from
Massachusetts seems to entertain, that those of
us who voted against concurring in the report of
the committee of conference entertain any hostil-
ity to Colonel Holt. I recognize Colonel Holt as
one of the purest and ablest men in the country,
and if I was going to vote upon personal grounds
I know of no man in whose behalf I would sooner
vote than I would for Colonel Holt.
But, sir, I think there is not the slightest ne-
cessity for the creation of this Bureau of Military
Justice; but on the other hand it will be to the
detriment of the public service to create it. The
Senator from Massachusetts, the chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs, is mistaken in
supposing, as it seems to me, he might properly
infer from the reading of the bill under consider-
ation that the act of February 28, 1795, entitled
"An act to provide for calling forth the militia to
execute the laws of the Union, suppress insurrec-
tion, and repel invasion, and to repeal the acts
now in force for that purpose," referred to a judge
advocate in any particular. I have the act before
me, and the only section in which the words
"court-martial"even are mentioned is in the sixth
section, where it declares " that courts-martial for
the trial of militia shall be composed of militia
officers only."
So far from it, if I remember the military his-
tory of this country correctly, we never had any
judge advocate until within the last few years.
Some eight or ten years ago Major Lee, when he
was a captain in an ordnance regiment, was de-
tailed to the War Department and stationed here
in this place. His name, however, was all the
time borne on the roll as a captain in the line of
the regiment of ordnance, but he was detailed for
the purpose of pei forming the duties of judge
advocate in this city in the War Department; and
he was holding that office at the time, and he
held it for some considerable time after the break-
ing out of this rebellion. Perhaps two years
ago a bill was introduced cieating the office of
judge advocate, raising him up two grades above
that which was held by Major Lee at the time,
and to that place Colonel llolt was appointed.
Major Lee thereupon resigned his commission,
and went to Ins plantation, 1 believe, m Virginia.
It is said that there is a vast accumulation of
business in the office of the Judge Advocate Gen-
eral. I do not doubt it. 1 know that that is so.
I know that thereare probably as many, and per-
haps more, cases than the Senator from Massa-
chusetts has mentioned, in the hands of General
CVnby, who is also engaged in this same work
with seveial officers detailed to his bureau, and
in the office of Colonel Holt, which have been
biought up from the vanous armies that we have
in the field. Hut 1 should like to know howitis
possible for Colonel Holt to perform these duties
any more satisfactorily to the country, with the
commission of a brigadier general in his pocket,
than he now performs them with the commission
of a*colonel in his pocket* How is it going to
advance the public interests by creating his two
assistants colonels in the regular Army? for these
gentlemen are not to hold merely during the war,
as I understand it, but are to remain in the regular
service of the United States and their successors
after them. How is the public service to bepio-
moted by creating these two officers colonels?
Will the business of the office of the Judge Ad-
vocate General be any moie advanced than it is
now when these same duties are performed by
volunteer lieutenants who have been detailed from
the field to peiform those duties? I presume there
are fifteen oi twenty—1 do not know how many,
but a large number of ofliceis, some of whom
have been invalided, who have been two or tinee
years in the field and have distinguished them-
selves in the public service and have been wound-
ed and aie incapable of longer perfornnngservice
in the field, who have been detailed to these bu-
reaus, and they are performing or assisting to
perform the duties m the office of the Adjutant
General. Is it pretended that they are not perform-
ing them'as well as they would perform them if
they held the commission of colonels in their pock-
ets? " Is it worth while for us to burden the Gov-
ernment for all time to come by the creation of
this new bureau with a brigadier general and two
colonels m the regular Army ? 1 think not. I have
not heard any leason assigned for it.
The letter to which the Senator from Massa-
chusetts referred as having been received from
General Sherman is not to the effect, as I appre-
hend, that he is desirous that there should be any
enlargement of the jurisdiction or any increase of
the title or pay of any officer here; but he de-
sires to have permission to establish summary
courts-martial and have their judgments executed
in the field instead of having them sent up here
to be reviewed and rereviewed in the bureaus of
the War Department.
Mr.President, I voted against this proposition
on principle. I voted against the creation of all
these brigadier generals at the head of these bu-
reaus. I attempted before this rebellion to repeal
the law which created the only brigadier general
we then had at the head of a bureau—General
Jesup—but that was a time when it was impos-
sible to carry it through the Senate. We have
now gone on, contrary to my judgment, and cre-
ated a brigadier general at the head of each one
of these bui*eaus, whose pay amounts, I think, to
something in the neighborhood of six thousand
dollars, stationed in this city and under the new
regulations that have been established by theWar
Department in relation to the commutation of
quarters andfuel. Here is a proposition to creatc
another. I cannotforthelife of me see what more
reason there is for putting a brigadier general at
the head of this Bureau of Military Justice than
there is of creating the Solicitor of the War De-
partment a solicitor general and making him a
brigadier general with a salary of five orsix thou-
sand dollars a year. Where is the distinction ?
Where is the difference5 Js it not as necessary
that Mr.Whiting should have military rank, pay,
and emoluments as that Colonel Holt should have
them? *
Mr. WILSON. He does not have any pay at
all.
Mr. GRIMES. Still he is entitled to it, and
if he should die or resign he is probably to have
a successor, and that successor may not be as
able to perform the duties for the public that Mr.
Whiting now performs as Mr. Whiting is. The
pecuniary responsibility may not be as great.
The PR ESI DENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Vermont
that the Senate further insist upon its amend-
ments to the bill of the House, and ask for an-
other committee of conference.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the whole subject
lie on the table for the purpose I have suggested,
to see if we cannot do something better.
The "motion was agreed to.
LIST OF ABSENTEES.
Mr, FESSENDEN. I move now, and 1 be-
lieve the Senator from Ohio does not object to it,
to take up the resolution which 1 laid on the table
the other day with reference to making a list of
absentees on the call of the yeas and nays.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Thfi^Chair
will call up as the business properly before the
Senate, the bill establishing a national currency,
&c.
Mr. FESSENDEJMi I move that it be laid
aside informally for the purpose of taking up the
resolution I have indicated.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution:
Rcsoh-cti, Thar Hip rcpoiler be dnected,in making up
the ptoceednigs of the Senate, to leport in a separate list
the names of absentees on the eali ot the yeas and nays.
Mr. HALE. My attention has been called to
this subject, as we have been left without a cjuo-
rum several times, and the question has been
st.'ited in regard to the power of the Senate to
send the Sergeant-at-Arms after absent members.
Tiie proposition is generally put in an exceed-
ingly cautious,guarded,and modest shape: " that
the Sergeant-at-Arms be directed to request the
attendance of absent members." Thertis a pro-
vision of the Constitution that the Senate shall
have power to send for absent membns. 1 do
not find that there is any provision, though it may
be included under that one, that the Senate have
power 'oinviteabsentrnembersin. Perhaps that
would exist in all bodies without any constitu-
tional provision. I will read the words of the
Constitution:
'• But a smaller numbei [than a majority] mav adjourn
I'rtuu U.<y to d.ij, and may he .uuliOiizuil to compel tin. at-
n-n.iiii/ec of al>s<Mit in Mich iitniiiu'i and under
Mich penalties a^ each Hou^e may piovide."
