1112
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 15,
from Mr. Sanford but got long ago.it costs almost
as much to live in Brusselsasitdoesany where else.
He is able out of his own means and willing (or
he would resign the office) to remain there with
the salary he has, and as I understand he has dis-
charged his duties very properly, certainly to the
satisfaction of the Department.
But the particular motive which operated upon
me in concurring with the committee in this prop-
osition is, that it was the wish of the Government.
I agree with the Senator from Maine that in all
such cases, as a general rule, it is very much bet-
ter that the President himself should ask that a
measure of this sort be adopted; but there may
be reasons in any individual case which would ren-
der it improper to suggest such a measure pub-
licly. The Committee on Foreign Relations,
through their chairman, have been in the habit, I
believe, from the beginning of the Government to
the present time, of consulting the State Depart-
ment. His functions necessarily carry him to
that Department to know the wishes of that De-
partment. There are a great many things which
cannot be communicated properly by message;
they would have to be sent in a message here from
day to day. The practical manner of conducting
the business that exists from lime to time, as be-
tween the committee and the Department, is that
the chairman of the committee visits the Depart-
ment, or the Secretary of the Department visits
the chairman of the committee, and they determ-
ine between themselves what is best for the inter-
est of the Government in reference to our foreign
affairs, and the matter is brought to the attention
of the Committee on Foreign Relations, and "they
decide one way or the other as seems to them to
be best. .
But I submit, in conclusion, (not that I shall
feel that my opinion is treated with anything but
proper respect,) that it would seem to be but
courtesy—I am sure nothing but courtesy 13 de-
signed—when thcCommilteeoii Foreign Relation!)
have been almost unanimous, and, as I thought,
entirely unanimous, until I heard my friend from
Kentucky this morning, in recommending this
measure, and when they tell you that it-is a meas-
ure which the head of the Dcpaitment has at
heart, looking to the interest of the Government
abroad, that the recommendation of the commit-
tee should receive the sanction of the Senate.
_ Mr. DiYViS. I can comprehend butoneprac-
tical purpose that is to be subserved by raising
this mission. I have 110 doubt that the chaigeto
Brussels is a very clever gentleman; but his pio-
tege, according to the letter wlueli lias been lead
by the chairman of the Committee oil Foreign ]
Relations, is dissatisfied that our charge to Bel- '
gium cannotgetinto the company of the lirst-class
diplomats. He has to tag—to use the phrase that
is incorporated in the letter—behind the repre-
sentatives of Powers so insignificant that it takes
an adept in geography to determine where the
Governments and countries that they represent are
located. The whole purpose and practical effect
of it is simply that our present charge may get
into better company. He is not satisfied with
walking in procession to meet Leopold, his Ma-
jesty, in the companyof charges, but he wants to
do thrown forward into the company of embassa-
dors of the first class, such as the representatives
of England and France and Russia. Now, for
the purpose of enabling him to transfer his posi-
tion into higher and better company,we are asked,
in the first place, to increase his grade to the first
class, and the next request, of course, will he to
give him the means of sustaining the dignity and
respectability of that grade by increasing his sal-
ary; and we may be asked to increase it to the
point of the salary which is given to our repre-
sentatives to the courts of London and of Paris.
I am not disposed to increase thisgrade now, and
eventually the salary, for the purpose of enabling
Mr. Sanford, respectable gentleman as he is, to
get into what he deems to be better company, and
which he covets so much to enter.
Mr. SUMNER. Thci e seems to bea perpetual
disposition in. the course of this debate to change
the issue. I said that the issue was how we shall
best give efficiency to our representation in Eu-
rope. Now, the Senator from Kentucky says
that the issue is how we shall give our minister
at Belgium an opportunity to get into a little bet-
ter company. That is his imagination. Surely
it is not the way the committee have directed me
to state the case. It is not the way in which I
have stated it at any time in this discussion, I
hope that Senators will not be diverted from the
real issue. The question is a substantial one:
will the public interests be promoted by this
change? The committee answer in the affirma-
tive, and in my humble opinion the committee is
right.
Mr. DAVIS. "Will the chairman specify in
what respect the public interest will be promoted,
in what respect the efficiency of our representa-
tive at the court of Brussels will be increased, and
in what respect the increase of his grade will ren-
der this Government and its interests more ac-
ceptable to Leopold?
Mr. SUMNER. In the same way, sir, that
the public interests are promoted at London by
having there a plenipotentiary instead of a min-
ister of the second class; in the way that they are
also increased at Pans by having there a pleni-
potentiary instead ofaministerofthesecond class.
Mr. DAVIS. According to that rule, we ought
to have a first-class minister at^every court in
Europe, and at every Government in South Amer-
ica, and everywhere else where we send diplo-
matic repiesentatives.
Mr. SUMNER. No—the Senator will pardon
me—not at every court in Europe, but only at
those courts where we have considerable interests.
It all pivots upon that question. What are the
relations of our country with the different courts
of Europe? If we have with them considerable
interests, we oughtto be represented accordingly.
If we have with them inconsiderable interests,
there is no reason to raise the mission. We have
first-class missions, as I have already said in this
debate, at London, Paris, Madrid, Turin, Vienna,
Berlin, and St. Petersburg; and why?
Mr. DAVIS. Will the honorable chairman
toll me the relative ptoportion between the com-
mercial interests of the United States and Eng-
land, i he United States and France, and the United
States and Belgium?
Mi*. SUMNER. There are interests of all
kinds, commercial and political, ami those inter-
ests differ indifferent countries. I need not re-
mind the Senator that our interests with England
and France are vastly superior to those with any
other country in Euiope, much above those with
Belgium; but if you ask me what other country in
Europe 1 should be disposed to place next after
those twogrcatcountries, m the present condition
of our affairs at this precise moment, I should hesi-
tate to place any before Belgium.
Mr. DAVIS. Would you not place Russia
before Belgium ?
Mr. SUMNER, t would not exaggerate; hut
I am obliged to acknowledge, in reply to the Sen-
ator, that I should hesitate at this moment to say
that even Russia was so situated as to make our
minister there so important to our present inter-
ests as our minister at Belgium. In one word,
our minister at Brussels has more to do than our
minister at Petersbuig. Do not forget, I pray
you, the geographical position of Belgium, Us
thronging, active population, its commerce, its
^manufactures. But countries derive character
and even power from their rulers; and this is the
happy advantage of Belgium at this moment, es-
pecially in her relations with us. You all know
that her sovereign is able to exorcise a persuasive
influence over international matters entirely out
of proportion to the*extent of territory which he
so wisely governs, and this influence has been
exerted at a critical moment in our favor.
I would not say a word on this occasion in dis-
paragement of any other Power. But it would
be difficult, after England and France, to name
any Power which, all things considered, furnishes
at this moment such opportunities of usefulness in
the public service to any plenipotentiary as are now
afforded by Belgium. t)oes the Senator wish to
compare our interests therewith those in Prussia,
one of the most respectable and highly educated
courts of the globe, or with Austria, vast m mili-
tary power and physical resources? At Berlin and
Vienna there is less for our ministers to do—less of
oppoi tunity—than at Brussels. The geographical
position of these capitals is a sufficient explana-
tion of this difference.
Or, if you please, take the Government of Spain,
representing that great Castihan monarchy on
which it was said that the sun never set. A Sen-
ator whispers that that was said some time ago.
True, but then you have in Spain still the old Cas-
tilian pride and hope born of that immense empire;
and yet our interests at this moment with Spain,
or, in other words, our opportunities in that king-
dom are not more important than in the smaller
kingdom of Belgium, \yhich the sun coyera in a
single hour.
Then there is the new-born kingdom of Italy,
where we have also a plenipotentiary. Does any
one suppose that if you put aside that sympathy
which every American feels for this interesting
Power, newly dedicated to liberty, our interests at
this moment are equal to those which we have
with Belgium ? Here again geography explains
the difference.
There only remains in this review, to which the
Senator of Kentucky invites me, the empire of
Russia, bound by many yearsofhistory to friend-
ship with the United States, and absolutely fixed
as our friend beyond any jar of diplomacy or any
jealousy of growing power. But our commercial
relations with * his extensive country are inferior
to those with Belgium;and Petersburg is further
removed from the great center of observation than
Brussels. The Emperor of Russia is illustrious
from a transcendent act for which his name will be
blessed; but his assured friendship for our country
takes away all solicitude with regard to his policy;
while the complications of present questions in
which he is involved render his relations to other
European Governments less intimate than those of
King Leopold, even if the latter had not from fam-
ily and personal character a position of peculiar
weight in the scale of European affairs, so that Bel-
gium under his rule has an importance Jjeyond her
natural power or geographical character. Belgium
may be small in extent; but so was Greece; nor
will any one presume to measure the influence
which her sovereign may exercise by the number
of square miles which he governs.
But the Senator from Kentucky asked if there
was any other Government so small in numbers
where we were represented by a plenipotentiary,
1 have before me ftom the last almanac the pop-
ulation of Chili, where we have a plenipotentiary.
It is one million five hundred and fifty-eight thou-
sand. Here also is the population of Peru, where
we have a plenipotentiary: two million five hun-
dred thousand.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the Senator permit me to
make a suggestion ?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 believe thatthose missionsought
to be reduced, and 1 would vote to-day for the re-
duction of the missions to Chili and to Peru, and
I believe that such a proposition could be voted
without any prejudice to the public interest, and
with some saving to the Treasury of the United
States.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; but let us take
each question by itself. That is the more prac-
tical way. Wiien the proposition to reduce the
missions to Chili and Peiu shall be before the
Senate, I shall be ready to meet it, and I do not
say that I shall not be with the Senator; but that
proposition is not now before us, nor is it involved
in any way, even indirectly, in the proposition
now before us. I ask Senators to consider this
proposition on its own merits, and not to under-
take to see other propositions beyond, which are
not necessarily involved m this.
It is said that if we raise this mission, next year
there will be a proposition to raise the salary.
Very well; when that proposition comes we can
meet it. Again, it is said that next year there
will be a proposition to raise both mission and
salary at the Hague and other places. Vet y well;
when that proposition comcs—and it must have
the sanction of a committee of this body in order
to come before the Senate—let us meet it. Mean-
while let us meet the actual question under debate,
which is whether you will authorize the Govern-
ment, in view of the peculiar circumstances of the
case and for the support of our interests abroad,
to raise the mission to Belgium without any in-
crease of salary. I have said this too often, I
know; but I have been driven to it by the perti-
nacity with which Senators have insisted upon
presenting the case in a false light.
Mr. HENDRICKS. On the suggestion of the
Senator from New Hampshire I withdraw the
amendment which I proposed a few minutes ago;
but I desire to say that the argument just sub-
mitted by the chairman of the Committee on For-
