1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL mOJM
my view, the observance of faith is just as much
a duty with nations as with individuals; and if
t'ne Government of the United States, by itslaws,
has toid its citizens that if they will agree to do
a certain service for a certain specified sum, and
they show that they are able to do the service
and to secure the Government against the con-
tingency of their not doing the service, it is just
; as much the obligation of the Government to give
, them the contract as it would be the obligation
of the party offering to perform the service if the
contract is given to him to perform it. That
would seem to be clear. Now it is proposed to
say by legislation that the. Postmaster General
may give it to somebody else.
Mr. COLLAMER. For one year.
Mr. JOHNSON. For one year; and if you can
say that he can give it to some one else for one year,
you can say he may give it to somebody else for
four years. In other words, you come in by legis-
lation and say to the Postmaster General," Do not
comply with your contract"—which binds the
Government, if the Government does not inter-
fere by legislation—" we have changed ourmind;
we have got the contractor bound, if we think
proper to hold him; bethought he had us bound,
but we are a Government, and beyond his control,
and cannot be sued; and we tell you, however
morally bound we may be, and however legally
bound it would be held that we were if our obli-
gation could be enforced legally, we will not be
bound, and you may give it to somebody else."
Without inquiring, therefore, whether the Gov-
ernment wili gain in dollars by changing the
contract, it seems to me, according to the old-
fasluoned notion which I have adopted, it is ne-
cessary for the public interest that the public
faith should be preserved, and that legislation
such as is proposed is, if not legally wrong, mor-
ally erroneous.
Mr. LAKE, of Kansas. My understanding
of the rules of the Department does not agree with
the statement of the Senator from Maryland at
all. There la a lule binding the Department to
give the contract to the lowest responsible bid-
der; but on his failing it is left entirely optional
with the Department to give it to the next low-
est bidder or nof. Indeed, the Quartermaster
General's department rules that in such a case
there is no binding obligation at all, and that the
bidding must be made over again.
I desire the Senate to understand this question
fully before the vote is taken. When this con-
tract was let, it was understood to be a wild ad-
venture starting from the western terminus of the
Hannibal and St. Joseph road. Within the next
year a continuous road will be built from tet.
Louie to Lawrence, Kansas. We are already
discussing the question at Leavenworth and Law-
rence of starting an independent line of stages to
Denver, expecting to be maintained by the pas-
senger business along the route, a distance of
some five or six hundred miles. Believing that
this rebellion will be crushed during the next
year, believing that that cuishing will bringdown
the price of gold to the same value as our paper
money, I believe that next year you will be able
to let this contiactfor one fourth of the present
amount, and the passenger business from' Den-
ver to Atchison will sustain a line of stages with-
out any contract. I am not conversant with the
business on the other side of the mountains, but
I am conversant as to the business between Den-
ver and the western terminus of our railroad.
I hope, as a matter of economy to the Govern-
ment as well as justice to the other lines of rail-
road that will be completed within the next year,
that the Government will not tie its hands for
four yeais. As a matter of economy we have
nut had a more important question before the
Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is 011 the motion of the Senator from Oregon that
the bill be indefinitely postponed.
Mr. IIALE called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 12, nays 34; as follows:
YP YS—CaiUlo, Hale, Harlan, Hick*, Johnson,
Nesmuii, Pometoy, Powell, Uichaidaon, Saulsbury, Ten
^*XAVS^M^'l^nA!ithonv, Brown, Buckalew, Clark, Col-
ianK'i. <'oihh'-i-, Davi^ Dixon. Foot, Foster, HauiUIow-
•ml How*' Lane of Kanbos, iVJoi^an, Kampej, Riddle,
Sumii"!, Van vnuktej VVade,tt ilkiiuon.Willey,
\nd
ABSENT—Messrs. Chandler, Cowan, PooHttle, F<i«sen-
den, Grimes, Harding, Henderson, Ilcudiicks, Lane of In-
diana, McDougall,Morrill,Sherman, and Wright—13.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. BROWN, i offer an amendment to come
in at the end of the resolution. Itistoadd: "And
except as to the compensation, which* shall not
exceed the sum of $820,000,"
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask the Secretary-to head
the resolution as it will stand with that amend-
ment.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resolved, fyc., That the Postmaster General be, and'he
is hereby, authorized and empowered, in his<Hscr«tion,tp
extend the mail contract No. 10773 with the present con-
tractors, commonly known as the Overland Mail Company,
for the term of one year from the 1st day of July next, upon
the same terms and conditions with the present existing
contract, except as to schedule time, which shall not ex-
ceed sixteen days for eight months of the year and twenty
days for the remaining lour montlis, and except as* to the
compensation, which shall not exceed the sum of $820,000.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I think that is right.
Mr. COLLAMER. There is one little diffi-
culty which might arise under that amendment
which the gentleman does not seem to have con-
templated. The contract existing with the present
company is for $1,000,000; but there is a law pi o-
viding that they may have the printed matter
.carried by water at their expense. It is carried by
water at their expense; at an expense of $160,000
a" year. I think I can suggest a modification of
the amendment which will cover that point and
at the same time carry out the object of the gentle-
man from Missouri. I propose that it shall read
in this way: "Not to exceed §820,000 beyond the
amount paid for carrying the printed matter by
water."
Mr. BROWN. The intention of the amend-
ment is to confine the compensation to the bid now
pending.
Mr.'COLLAMER. You understand my sug-
gestion?
Mr. BROWN. Yes, sir, and I accept it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Then the
question is on the amendment as modified, to in-
sert at the end of the resolution these words: "And
except as to the compensation, which shall not
exceed the sum of ^>820,000 beyond the amount
paid for carrying the printed matter by water.'*
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I would suggest another
amendment, which perhaps will not hurt the res-
olution. It is to insert after the word " contract-
ors," in the sixth line, the words " or any other
responsible party." That wili allow the Post-
master General to contract with the old contract-
ors or any other responsible party.
Mr. CONNESS. Itis apparentthat there will
be no time to contract with new contractors, and
I hope the Senator will not persist in offering that
amendment.
Mr. POMEROY. I submit that this amend-
ment will not injure the resolution at all. The
Postmaster General will then have an opportu-
nity to contract with the old contractors, or with
other responsible parties, at his discretion.
Mr. BUCKALEW. No new party can con-
tract for a year.
Mr. POMEROY. It will not do any hurt.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I wish somebody would tell me
 pei haps the chairman of the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads can—how long this con-
tract runs now. '
Mr. COLLAMER. It runsouton the 1st day
of July. ,, , .
Mr. HALE. Somebody told me that it ran
until October.
Mr. CONNESS. They can continue the ser-
vice until then.
Mr. COLLAMER. It is said that there is an
agreement that they may run until October; but!
do not know any thing about it. 1 he contract ex-
pires in a few days.
Mr. POMEROY. I think the resolution ought
to be still further amended. Instead of saying
"one year" weoughtto say " not to exceed foui
years." That will bring it within the law.
Mr. COLLAMER. What law?, •
Mr. POMEROY. Within the lettmgs, and if
the resolution is now amended so as to say not
to exceed four years," then we have it exactly.
;i Mr. HALE. Ido not see why this resolution
u should be rushed through here m this way. If
this contract runs until the '1st of October,' «nd
they want to make another contract, why -not let
it he upon advertisements and proposals?
Mr. CONNESS. The contract does not fun
until the 1st of October, ft expires on the tet of
July; Theyhave simply agreed temporarily with
the Postmaster General to continue the service
until. October; butif they get this contract they go
en from the 1st of July. . . . > ■
-The joint resolution was reported to the. Senate
as amended, and the amendments were concurred
ia and ordered to be engrossed, and the resolution
to be read a third time. It was read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. POMEROY. I think the title should be
amended so as to read: A joint resolution to au-
thorize the Postmaster General to extend the con-
tract with the Overland Mail Company, or any
other parties.
Mr. COLLAMER. It will be the same with-
out amendment as with it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The title will
remain as it is unless otherwise ordered.
INTER-CONTINENTAL TELEGRAPH.
Mr. CHANDLER, I move -that the Senate
postpone all prior orders for the purpose of taking,
up the bill (S. No. 302) to encourage and facili-
tate telegraphic communication between the east-
ern and western-continents.
Mr. WILSON. I had hoped that that bill
woi^ld not be moved here this morning. A^eefc
ago last Thursday the hill in regard, to commuta-
tion was taken up here and debated, and then
gave way to the Senator from Maine, [Mr. Fbs-
senden.] It was understpod that wo were to
have the present week to act upon other matters;
but this week has been consumed mainly by the.
Committee on Finance with bills under tliejrcare.
I had to displace the bill of my colleague, and
then I gave way to him, supposing I should have
time enough to get that bill through this week.
We have before us two very important military
bills, and I am pressed every day by the Depart-
ment to have those measures acted upon. I hope
the Senator from Michigan will not press the
consideration of that bill to-day. I came here
this morning supposing as, a matter of course that
these military bills were to be acted upon. They
are public bills of greatimportance to the country.
Mr. CHANDLER. I do not think the Senate
has before it a bill more important than this for
the present and future interests of this nation. It
will not lead to much discussion, I think; cer-
tainly I shall occupy but very little of the time
of the Senate in explaining it. The,Committee
on Commeicehas not occupied four hours of the
time of this Senate during the whole of this ses-
sion. There are some four or five very import-
ant bills indeed coming fiom that committee that
I desire to have acted' upon, and 1 will promise-
the Senate,I shall occupy as little time as possible
in their explanation. 1 hope the Senate will grant
me my request.
Mr. WILSON. I cannot consent to it. I think
it of decided importance that we should proceed
to the consideration of the measures to which I
have alluded. I ask for the .yeas and nays upon
the motion of the Senator from Michigan.
The yea3 and nays were ordered.
Mr. SUMNER. I desire to make one remark
with regard to that. I regret very much that the
Senator from Michigan has moved his bill to-day,
by -which he excludes some other measures from
the consideration of the Senate on which we have
already commenced. My colleague has referred
to the measures that he lias in chaige. xhere are
one or two measures that I also have in charge,
which I had hoped the Senate would be willing
to act upon to-ilay and close before sunset. There
is the bill for the establishment of a Bureau of
Freedmen's Affairs. There is also a bill from the
House of Representatives sweeping away all the
fugitive slave acts. 1 do not like to let the oppor-
tunity slip of acting upon each of those meas-
ures. But the Senator from Michigan has the
floor; he has made his motion; he has brought
the measure forwaid; I am sincerely for that meas-
ure; 1 am anxious that no vote of mine shall throw
any shadow over it at all; and therefore, under
the circumstances of the case, I shall votcfoi his
"'mTtEN EYCK. Mr. President, of what
use will tins telegraph line be unless we put down
