68
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
December 21,
Mr. GRIMES. Then I should like to make
another inquiry. Has anything been paid, under
any regulation of the Department or otherwise,
to any person presenting a recruit? The Sena-
tor is aware probably that even in time of peace
any person might bring up a man to be enlisted,
and the person who brought him up to the enlist-
ing officer was paid a small compensation—a cou-
ple of dollars.
Mr. HOWARD. Certainly it is the common-
est thing. It is an indispensable portion of the
expense.
Mr, GRIMES. What I want to know now is
whether, in addition to the twenty-five dollars to
the recruiting officer, there is any corresponding
or other sum paid to a person who brings in a
recruit?
Mr. HOWARD. Ordinarily, if you are a re-
cruiting officer, and employ a man to bring re-
cruits to you, you must pay him; and it is quite
immaterial whether the payment comes from the
special compensation of twenty-five dollars or fif-
teen dollars or your own pocket. The man whom
you employ must be paid.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator does not under-
stand me. I want to know whether, by authority
of the Department, any money goes from the
Treasury to pay the person who presents the
recruit?
Mr. HOWARD. I fancy not. That would be
an oddity.
Mr. WILSON. I understand the fact to be
this; there was a bounty of two dollars that was
paid to a man who brought m a recruit.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That was authorized by
law.
Mr. WILSON. That was authorized by law;
and when the Government called for these three
hundred thousand men, they authorized the pay-
ment of sums not exceeding twenty-five dollais
for a veteran, and fifteen dollars for any other per-
son; and if a man brings in a dozen recruits whom
he can pick up about the country, ho gets this
sum of money; and wc have proposed to cut it
down because we thought the price was too large.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 .should like to know fiom the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs,
whether this compensation has been paid for re-
cruiting colored troops?
Mr. WILSON. 1 understand they have been
paying lately only ten dollars for colored troops.
Mr. GRIMES. How lately?
Mr. WILSON. I do not know whether it has
been done in any other part of the country but
General Butler's department. Some time in this
month, I think, General Butler issued an order in
his department for the raising of colored troops,
and he agreed to pay a bounty of ten dollars, and 1
understand that that has been sanctioned by the
War Department, in the section of this bill rais-
ing the pay of the colored troops to an equality
with that of white troops, wo do not give them
any bounty. I was told by the SecretaryofWar
that a bounty of ten dollais was thought to beam-
pie to find and bring in those men.
Mr. JOHNSON. Will the Senator permit me
to ask under what authority the Secietary of War
authorizes a premium of ten dollars or twenty-five
dollars? is if. under any existing law?
Mr. WILSON, I do not think there is any
law for it.
Mr. JOHNSON, The law limits it to two dol-
lars. *
Mr. WILSON. I do not think there is any
law authorizing either the twenty-five dollars for
veterans or the fifteen dollars for other tecruits,
or the ten dollars for colored troops; but they have
a recruiting fund appropriated to them. 1 do not
know how much they have got on luind of it. Out
of that fund they thought it was necessary to pay
these sums in order to hurry up the recruiting.
Mr. JOHNSON. Do I understand the Senator
from Massachusetts to suppose that there is any
law which places that recruiting fund entirely in
the discretion of the War Department, that the
Secretaiy ol War can do with it what he pleases?
Mr. WILSON, id o not moan to way that i hat is
so, I think that in this matter of raising the threo
hundred thousand men under the last call, the
Goverriiieiit Imvc not stood sirictly acorn din;; to
the letter of the law. That is my view of it, ai'd
I want to fix the thing if we can, and hold them
to the law. 1 thought tho" stun ought to bo
rcduced.
Mr. ANTHONY. I understand that the effect
of this section is precisely as suggested by the
Senator from Vermont. This sum of twenty-five
dollars is paid to any person who shall present a
recruit. The result is that when a man makes up
his mind to enlist, lie makes an arrangement with
someone to go with him and divide the money.
It has worked so in our State, but my colleague
knows more about it than -1 do. That has been
the effect of it, T think. There was a premium
of this kind paid by our State authorities, and the
effect was, not to increase the enlistments, but to
add a little to the bounty.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to suggest that,
taking theaverage between twenty-five dollars and
fifteen dollars, and calling the amount of the pre-
mium twenty dollars, supposing the recruits are
one half veterans and one half other persons, the
amount for three hundred thousand men would
be $6,000,000—$6,000,000 paid in premiums for
raising the three hundred thousand men ! It is
substantially, as the Senator from Vermont says,
adding just so much to the bounties. There ought
to be some consideration about it. I may state
one fact that 1 am told is true m reference to Maine,
for instance. They are raising there two veteran
regiments, and the towns also are offering boun-
ties for recruits, but no premium whrtever is paid
for bringing men to the veteran iegim<*nt, nota dol-
lar; but the twenty-five dollars and the fifteen dol-
lars have been offered generally for bringing men
to go into the other regiments in the field; and
yet the veteran regiments fill up very much faster
than the others, with nobody to bring them for-
ward at all.
Mr. HOWARD. Is it not quite clear, then,
that as a veteran is a better soldier than a raw
recruit, you should hold out an additional in-
ducement for procuring him ? That is the policy
of the provision,- if I understand it rightly.
Mr. FESS&NDEN. I do not know that 1 un-
derstand the Senator exactly.
Mr. HOWARD. I say that a veteran soldier
is better than a raw recruit, and it is therefore de-
sirable to have a veteran, if you can procure him,
and hence you must hold out some additional in-
ducement to the recruiting officer.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That 1 do not dispute; but
I am speaking of the policy of offering these large
premiums at all. 1 believe the effect, m nine cases
out of ten, is precisely what was stated by the
Senator from Vermont; it is just adding so much
to the bounty. A man knows that tho premium
is offered, and he takes care to secure the premium
by going with some friend who brings him m as
a recruit. In my judgment, that is the effect of it
in many cases, 1 was stating that fact, that al-
though they are raising two veteian regiments m
Maine, they offer no premiums whatever to any
individual to bring a man up. The veteran regi-
ment are composed of one half veterans and one
half new troops; but the premiums are confined to
bringing men who enlist in the old regiments, and
are sent to the regiments in the field; and notwith-
standing the ptemium, I say those veteran regi-
ments, wh^rc no premium is given for procuring
enlistments, fill up very much faster than the oth-
ers. They are now very nearly full, having some-
thing o\cr eight hundred men in each of them.
Mr. HOWE. I have listened to the discussion
so far with a single view of ascertaining; who gets
this premium that is offered. I uriderstand"the
Senator from Michigan to say it is the recruiting
officer; I understand the Senator from Massachu-
setts to say it goes to the man who brings in the
recruit.
Mr. FESSEN"DEN. They pay it to anybody
that brings in a recruit.
Mr. HOWE. There are very different parties
in interest: the agent who looks up the soldier,
the recruiting officer who enlists him and swears
him into the service.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But the Senator will ob-
serve by the language of this section that it is to
be paid to anybody, for the second section pro-
vides "that the Secretaiy of War be, and he is
hereby, authoiized to pay a premium not exceed-
ing twenty-five dollais, under such regulations as !
he may deem expedient, for the enlistment of a ■
veteran volunteer not now in the service, and a 1
premium of not more than fifteen dollars for the '
enlistment ot any other volunteer.55 A man comes 1
with a recruit, either a veteran or otherwise, and j
offers him for enlistment, and claims his twenty- I
five dollars or fifteen dollars, as the case may
be, and he gets it because he has obtained him fur
enlistment. In a majority of cases, I believe,
thH'e is an arrangement between the lecruit and'
the person who brings him in.
Mr. HOWE. I was confused upon that point
for two considerations. The first was that the
chairman of the committee [Mr/YfiLsox] and the
Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Howard,] who is
a member of the committee, I believe, differed as
to who was the party to receive the money.
Mr. GRIMES. We know who the party ia
that pays.
Mr. HOWE. Wc know who the party is that
pays. Then I was confused from another con-
sideration: that, lookingat the section asalawyer,
if I was a disbursing officer I could not, for my
life, tell to whom to pay the money, whether to
pay it to the soldier, to the recruiting officer, or
to the agent who brought him in, the minister of
the parish, or the poor-fund of the town.
Mr. HOWARD. That is a matter of regula-
tion under this section.
Mr. HOWE, ltd-oes not regulate it.
Mr. HOWARD. The section reads, "under
such regulations as he" (the Secretary of War)
"may deem expedient."
Mr. SHERMAN. I suppose the chairman of
the Military Committee does not expect to get
through with this bill to-night. I think we had
betteradjourn, and I move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Momday, December 21, 1863.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. W. H. Ciianning.
The Journal ofThursday was read and approved.
COMMITTEE OF CLAIMS.
The SPEAKER announced that he had ap-
pointed Mr. Wisdom as a member of the Com-
mittee of Cla.ms, in place of Mr. Ashley, ex-
cused.
TREEDMo's AID SOCIETIES.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
message of the Piesident of the United States,
transmitting to Congress a letter addressed to him
by a committee representing the Freedmen's Aid
Societies in Boston, New York, Philadelphia, and
Cincinnati. The subject is regarded by the Pres-
ident as one of great magnitude and importance;
but not having time to form a mature judgment
of his own as to the plan they suggest, he sub-
mits the whole subject to Congress, attention to
it being most imperatively demanded; which was
referred to the select committee on emancipation,
and ordered to be printed.
RELIEF OF AMERICAN SEAMEN.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of State, in
compliance with the act of 1799, transmitting an
abstract of returns of collections of customs, pur-
suant to the act of 1796, for the relief and protec-
tion of American seamen, &c.; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to
be printed.
UNITED STATES COAST SURVEY.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of the Treas-
my, transmitting a statement of the number and
names of the persons employed in the coast survey
during the last fiscal year, their compensation,
&c.,aand the expenditures under the direction of
the Superintendent of the Coast Survey; which
was laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
MESSAGE l'UOM THE PRESIDENT.
A message from the President, by Mr. Nicolay,
his Private Secretary, infoimed the House that
the President had approved and signed a joint res-
olution (H. R. No. 1) of thanks to Major General
U1 ysses S.Grant,and tlie ofilet.is ami soldiers who
have fooght under his command dui ing this rebel-
lion,^ and pi oviding that the President of the Uni-
ted States shall cause a medal to hp struck to be
presented to Major Genera! Grant in the name of
die people of the United States of America.
ORDER OK BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER stated that the regular o flier
