3066
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 18,
the-rebellion ? How are we to put down the re-
bellion unless we fill up the Army ? The first
thing in my impression to be done is to keep the
Army full through the agency and means of the
bill to which the Senator from Massachusetts has
alluded, and when that shall have passed, if the
Senate can be disposed to encourage the estab-
lishment of several thousand miles of line of tel-
egraphic communication,i shall have no objec-
tion myself. That bill perhaps will not pass as
Soon as the Senator from Michigan, the chairman
of the Committee on Commerce, seems to sup-
pose. I am not Aware of any very great and ex-
tended opposition to the bill, but I think it em-
braces very important features and proposes to
confer very extreme and extensive privileges and
advantages upon a company which now has very
extensive and very extraordinary powers. It
cannot be passed without attention, at least, be-
ing called to its character,and some amendments
being proposed. I hope the bill of the Senator
from Massachusetts will be taken up.
Mr. CHANDLER. This it will be noticed is
a Senate bill, and if we hope to pass it at this
session it must be passed immediately or it can-
not be considered in the other House. I deem it
a very important measure. I do not think it will
lead to any extended debate. As I said before, I
certainly shall occupy but a very few moments
in explaining the bill. As I presume every Sen-
ator has made up his mind precisely how he will
vote, I shall merely state thefacts in the case,and
then ieave it to the judgment of the Senate. I
see no reason why t'here should beany extended
debate upon it, and I do not believe there will be.
I think this measure and the measure the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts has in charge and several
others can be passed to-day if debate can be
avoided, as I think it can.
Mr. BROWN. The reason which has been
assigned by the Senator from Michigan for tak-
ing up this bill, that it is a Senate bill and that if
not acted upon now the chances are it will be
lost in the other House, is very conclusive to me
that it ought not to be taken up in preference to
this military bill in regard to dispensing with the
$300 commutation clause and other fea'turcs that
are seriously agitated in connection with our mil-
itary system. That is perhaps the most import-
ant bill connected with our military affairs, and
if the question is raised that we are likely to lose
bills now originating in the Senate because of the
short length of time which the session is likely
to continue, unquestionably we ought to take up
those bills that are the most important to the na-
tion. 1 apprehend that no Senator here will deny
but that our first business in hand is to deal with
our military affairs, and deal with them as ener-
gi-ticaUy as we may and as speedily as possible.
The Senator from Massachusetts gave notice last
night that he would move to take up this bill to-
day. t-Ie has only awaited the getting through
ot^ the tariff hill and the tax bill for the purpose
of facilitating necessary measures; and it natur-
ally comes up in its proper order as a bill already
partially acted upon, and having the precedence
by right over the motion proposed by the Sen-
ator from Michigan. I trust the Senate will con-
eider this matter calmly, and not be carried away
by the mere idea of courtesy in this matter, but
that we shall take up those bills which are par-
tially gone through with that are essential to the
effectiveness of the military service, and that are
connected directly with the prosecution of the
war.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 19, nays 14; as follows:
iBAS—Mc-isrs. liitckalew, Chandler, Conner. Davis
Doolittle, Hale, Hailan, Hemlriekj, Hick*, Howe, John-
son, Laneni K.ui&,is, Newuith, Powell, SauUbuiv, Sumner,
J nmibul!, Van Y\ inkle, and Wade J9. '
NAY'S — Messrb. Anthony, Mrown
Dixon, F-   
Moi
Clark, Coilamer,
and VVn!!'ilt-16' sller""'C Spra^e" W^kmsonj
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
m Committee of the Whole,proceeded to consider
the bill (S. No. 302) to encourage and facilitate
telegraphic communication between the eastern
and western continents.
The Governments of Russia and Great Britain :
have granted to Perry MacDonough Collins, a 1
citizen of the United States, the right to construct 1
and maintain a line of electric telegraph through
their respective territories, from the mouth of the
Amoor river, in Asiatic Russia, by way of Behr-
ing's straits and along the Pacific coast to the
northern boundary of the United States, with a
view of thereby uniting the telegraphic systems
of both continents and of promoting international
and commercial intercourse. The Government
of Russia, in furtherance of that object, is now
constructinga line of telegraph thr®ugh its Asiatic
territory to unite at the mouth of the A moor river
with the line projected by Collins; and as the
Governmentof theUnitedStatesdesires cordially
to cooperate with Russia and Great Britain in the
establishment and maintenance of such a line of
communication, the bill proposes to grant to Perry
MacDonough Collins, of California, his asso-
ciates and- assignees, the right to construct and
maintain a line or lines of telegraph from any
point or points on the line of the Pacific telegraph,
constructed in pursuance of the act of Congress
approved June 16, 1860, northerly, through any
of the Territories of the United States, to the
boundaries of British America, with such branch
lines as may be needed to open communication
with the various mining districts and other set-
tlements in those Territories. And for these pur-
poses Collins, his associates and assignees, are to
have a permanent right of way over any unap-
propriated public lands of the United States, to-
gether with the rhht to take any timber and stone
for construction purposes; and for the purpose of
establishing and maintaining those lines and the
stations necessary for the repair and working
thereof, there is donated to them out of such un-
appropriated lands,notexceedingonequarter sec-
tion for each fifteen miles of line constructed; but
so much of this section as authorizes the construc-
tion of telegraph lines to open communications
with the various mining districts and other set-
tlements in those Territories is to be null and void
unless the branch lines are completed within five
years from the approval of this bill.
The second section of the bill, in order to en-
courage and aid the construction of the line of
telegraph beyond the limits of the United States,
authorizes and instructs the Secretary of the
Navy to detail lor the use of the surveys and
soundings along that portion of the Pacific coast,
both of America and Asia, where it is proposed
to establish the telegraph, one steam or sailing
vessel, in his discretion, to assist in surveys and
soundings, laying down submerged cable, and
in transporting materials connected therewith, and
generally afford such assistance as may be deemed
best calculated to secure a successful promotion
of the enterprise.
The third section provides that if within five
years from the passage of this act Collins, his
associates and assignees, shall complete and have
ready for successful use a line of telegraph from
its connection with the Pacific telegraph to the
mouth of the Amoor river, the Secretary of State
is instructed to contract with the parties owning
the line or lines, upon receiving suitable guaran-
tees from them, as in the case of bids for mail
contracts, for the use of the same by the Depart-
ment of State, the Treasury, the War, the Navy,
and the Interior Departments, the General Post
Office, the legislative and judicial departments,
and the respective offices thereof for all public
purposes, for a period of ten years next ensuing
the date of the contract, the United States to pay
for such use at the rate of $50,000 a year in equal
quarterly payments; but if, during any of those
fifteen years, the business done for the United
States under the contract shall, at the ordinary
rate of charge for private messages, exceed the
sum of $100,000, an account thereof, duly au-
thenticated, is to be presented to the Secretary of
the Treasury, who is to certify the same to Con-
gress for payment
The fourth section provides that the Govern-
ment of the United States shall, stall limes, have
priority in the use of the line or lines, so far as
they are within its territory, and shall have the
right, when authorized by law, to connect the line
or lines by telegraph with any military posts of
the United States, and to use them for Govern-
ment purposes. In order to secure tliern from
injury by savagesor other evil-disposed persons,
to the interruption of (he public business, the com-
manders of the military districts or stations and
other officers acting under authority of the United
States in the Territories traversed by the telegraph
are to use any available force at their command
to protect them. Subject to the right of prior
use by the Government, the line or lines aia to
be at all times open to the public for the trans-
mission of messages in the order of their recep-
tion, upon the payment of the established charges.
The fifth section provides that the better to ac-
complish the-object of this act, namely, to pro-
mote the public interest and welfare, by facili-
tating international and commercial intercourse
between the eastern and western continents, in the
construction of the telegraph, and keeping it in
working order, and to secure to the Government'
at all times, but particularly in time of war, the
use and benefits of it for diplomatic, naval, mili-
tary, postal, commercial, and other purposes,
Congress may at any time, having due regard for
the rights of the parties thereinbefore specified,
add to, alter, amend, or repeal the act.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, 1 suppose
every member of the body has investigated this
subject. The maps and drawings, the general
plan and general route, have been laid upon the
desk of every Senator, I presume. The proposi-
tion is to connect Europe, Asia, and China, by
telegraph, with the United States. Mr. Collins
has made a contract with the Russian Govern-
ment, by which they agree to extend their line
up to a certain point and grant him a large sub-
sidy. Mr. Collins then went to England and
made an arrangement to pass the line through the
British American possessions. He proposes to
build about seven thousand miles of telegraph
through British North America, through Russian
America, and through Siberia, to connect with
this great Russian line, bringing us into direct
telegraphic communication with nearly all the
nations of Europe. The Committee on Com-
merce deem it a very gieat desideratum that this
should be done.
In.the bill there are three points: first, the grant-
ing of the right of way, and every fifteen miles
the right to use a quarter section of the public
lands for their buildings, stations, &c.; secondly,
a ship, either a steam or sailing ship, is granted
for the purpose of taking soundings across Ber-
ing's straits and around the Russian possessions,
which will be very useful to the Government,
even if the line should not be built; and next, we
are to pay $50,000 a year for ten years for the
use of the telegraph. In my judgment, the Gov-
ernment will use that telegraph to the amount of
more than $100,000 a year every year from the
day it is first completed; therefore I consider that
no subsidy at all. It simply shows that the
United States takes an interest in connecting her-
self with the rest of the world.
Those are the only points in the bill. Wo do
not pay onedollar, we do notexpend one dollar un-
less therouteis completed,and completed .within
five years. The whole thing falls to the ground
at the end of five years unless wc are in direct
communication with the world. The Committee
on Commerce have reported the bill; and with
this statement I leave it in the hands of the Sen-
ate.
Mr. TEN EYCK. 1 was in hopes that some
one whose attention had been called earlier and
doubtless more fully to this subject than mine has
would have proposed some amendments to this
bill and called the attention of the Senate- to its
features; but as it appears there is no other per-
son, as I happen to be honored with a position
on the Committee on Commerce, which did not
report this bill unanimously 
Mr. CHANDLER. I did not so state it.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I know you did not. It
may not be amiss for me to call the attention of
the Senate to this bill before it shall receive its
finalaction; but still, for the purpose of perfecting
it and making it less objectionable, I desire to pro-
pose some amendments to it. The first amend-
ment I shall propose is on page 2, section one,
line nineteen, to strike out the word " donated"
and insert " granted," and after the word " par-
ties" to strike out the word " out" and to insert
the words " the use;" so that it will read:
There Is hereby granted to bajil parties the use tit' : !>eh
unappropriated lands, not exceeding one quarter section
&e. '
The object is to change this from an absolute
gift of the land to the granting of the use of the
land.
