2090
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 4,
got a quorum here even under our new rule. I
rather think we hatfe not; and for fear that our
weakness will be exposed on this vote, I will
say a few words before the vote is taken.
We are told that our remedy is the exercise of
the power of sending the Sergeant-at-Arms after
absentees. Really.and candidly, will gentlemen
appeal to that? What is that authority ? Instead
of insisting upon having our members here, or if
they are not here, havingnheir names reported,
gentlemen say we should send the Sergeant-at-
Arms for them. When we are tjikinga question
and find ourselves without a quorum, we are "to
sit quietly in our s^ats with our doors locked,
while we send out our Sergeant-at-Arms, by day
or by night, to hunt up members who are m the
city attending to other business, and then they
are to come in if they choose, and when they get
in help to adjourn us. That will probably be
the effect of it, and the proceeding ends and
always has ended in the other House in a broad
farce, a general horse-laugh. The only result is,
a great loss of time. How much the Sergeant-
at-Arms is paid for it I do not know; he may
get something out of it, but nobody else does.
Mr. President, I desire that there shall be no
such course resorted to, nor any such expedient
attempted in this body. It is altogether, as I think,
beneath the dignity of the body itself. It is enough
to publish the names. If gentlemen do not wish
to do that, let us' endeavor to be here; but I do
not agree with the Senator from Wisconsin that
it is our duty to be at another part of the city,
at the Departments, during the sessions of the
Senate. I disagree entirely in that. If that busi-
ness can be done for our constituents when we
are not employed in our duties and in our seats
here, very well. If not, let the constituents be
informed that it cannot be done. Say to them,
" My other duties are paramount, so that 1 can-
not attend to this matter,and you must dispense
with requiring me to do it."
It seems to me that to be here is our paramount
duty, and that this duty ought to be performed.
Lool^at all we have said and done about it, and
the time we have lost this session for want of a
quorum. I hope this resolution may be adopted;
it hurts nobody. I believe the tendency of it, will
be to help us at least to keep a quorum here.
Mr. SUMNER. It seems to me that the res-
olution would be made more complete if it re-
quired also that the names of the absentees should
be entered on the Journal. That would be more
of a record.
Mr. COLLAMER. The Journal is too old
ever to have any effejpt.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is published the next
year. It is of no consequence.
Mr. SUMNER. But it makes a permanent
record.
Mr. FESSENDEN. With the leave of the
Senate 1 will amend the resolution by adding
after the word "reporter" the words "for the
Congressional Globe."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It can be so
modified. The resolution as modified will be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resolved, Tlmt the reporter bo liiicctal, in making up the
proceedings of iho Senate for the Congressional Globe, to
report in ;i separate list the names of absentee*: on each call
o( the yeas and nays,
Mr. HALE. Would it not bo well to have
some resolution that those reporting1 the proceed-
ings of the secret sessions for the New York pa-,
nevs should publish a list of absentees there?
[Laugh ter.]
Mr. FESSENDEN callcd for th<j yeas and
nays on the adoption of the resolution, and they
were ordered; and being taken, resulted—yeas 20,
nays 13; as follows:
YEAS—Mes-M'f. Clark, Collamer, Conne««, Dixon, Doo-
littie, Fosscndon, Knot, Foster, Grimes, Hale, Hardin",
Henderson, Lane of Indiana, Morgan, Ramsey, Sheiman,
{Sumner,'Van YVinkJc, Willey, ami YViUon—i20.
NAYfci--Alp*srg. Anthony, CarJile, Chandier, DaWs, Har-
lan, Howe, Johnson, Pomeroy, Powell, Riddle, Hnia-ni.-
Trumbull, and Wade—13. ®
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Buekalcw, Cowan, Harris
Hendricks, Ilieks, Howard, Lane of Kansas, JVlel)oii":i!l!
Morrill, Nehinith, Kiehard^on, Saulsbury/lVn tiyek, \VU-
kin^on, and Wright—1(3.
So the resolution was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senate
will resume the consideration of the order of the
day, being the bill to establish a national cur-
rency, &c.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. T move thatthe Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to; and after some time
spent in executive session,, the doors were re-
opened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
"Wednesday, May 4,1864.
The House met at twel ve o 'clock, m. Prayer by
the Chaplain, Rev. "W. H. Channing.
The Journal ofyesterday was read and approved.
PREEMPTION RIGHTS IN CALIFORNIA.
On motion of Mr. HIGBY, by unanimous con-
sent, bill of the Senate No. 216, to grant the right
of preemption to certain settlers on the Rancho
Bolsa de Tomales,\vas taken from the Speaker's
table, read a firstand second time l>y its title,and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
CHANGE OF STEAMBOAT'S NAME.
Mr. BLAIR, of West Virginia, by unanimous
consent, submitted the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce inquire
into the expediency of changing the name of the steamboat
Gem to Emma Boyd No. 2; and that they have leave to
report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and the House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union on
the fortification bill.
Mr. JULIAN. I demand the regular order of
business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the consideration of the bill in regard to
homesteads in the rebel States, which was left
unfinished on Tuesday of last week.
DISLOYAL APPOINTEE IN THE TREASURY.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask leave to offer
the following resolution:
Ilc->olveth That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
to inloim lias House whether theie is employed m the
Tie.i&uiy Department an a clei k oi as^tanuegister a per-
son named Garnett, and whether said Garnett furmeily held
a eommKMoii m the iel>el aimy, and was for a time a pris-
oner m the Glil Capitol prison, and who iccoinmended the
employment of said GnrnetL in the Tieasury Department.
Mr. FENTON. 1 ask my friend from Illinois
to refer that resolution to the committee recently
appointed to investigate the affairs of the Treas-
ury Department.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have no particular
objection to that. I understand that a man for-
merly a captain in the rebel army^ a nephew of
Mason of Virginia, is now holding a position in
the Treasury Department. He was arrested and
put in the Old Capitol prison for a time, and then
it is supposed that he was released on taking the
oath of allegiance, and now he is found in the
Tieasury Department. 1 think my resolution
ought to pass. I bring no charge against the Sec-
retary of the Treasury.
There was no objection to the introduction of
the resolution.
Mr. FENTON. 1 move that the resolution
be referred to the select committee on the Treas-
ury Department. I will withdraw the motion,
however, if the mover insists on the passage of
the resolution now. I onlydesiie to remark that
this whole matter and something respecting the
individual mentioned in the resolution is now
under investigation by the committee to which I
refer, and I thought it would be proper thatthe
subject should be referred to that committee, so
that they might report upon it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not offer the res-
olution with any feeling at all, but 1 am well in-
formed of the facts.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the con-
sideration of the resolution to-fiay r
Mr. STEVENS, 1 think the resolution had
better go over tiif to-morrow. •
The SPEAKER. If it goes over until to-mor-
row it will not be reached until about two weeks.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I am willing that the
resolution shall go to the select committee.
Mr. SPALDING. I object to that.
LAND GRANT TO MISSOURI.
Mr. BLOW, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to amend the act granting the right
of way to the State of Missouri and a portion of
the public lands to aid in the construction of cer-
tain railroads in said State; which was read a first
and second time by its title, and referred to the
select committee on the Pacific railroad.
FORTIFICATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to postpone all the
preceding special orders in the Committee of the
Whole on the state 'of the Union, so that the
fortification bill may come up.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 now move that the rules
be suspended and the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee of
the Wjiole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Steele,
of New York, in the chair,) and proceeded to the
consideration of bill of the House No. 207, mak-
ing appropriations for the construction, preser-
vation, and repairs of certain fortifications and
other works of defense for the year ending 30th
June, 1865. *
The bill was read a first time for information;
and it was then read for amendment.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, submitted the
following amendment:
The Clerk read, as follows:
Insert after line twenty-seven :
For repairs to Great Brewster island, .$40,000.
For Lovell's island and Deer island, $10,000.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I send up to
the Clerk's desk to be read a letter from the War
Department, which I think will satis'fy the House
of the justice of these appropriations.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Engineers' Department,
Washington, March 16,1SG4.
Sir: I have the honor to return herewith the letter of
Hon. A. II. IIice, of the 23d February, received here on
the 8th instant, and to state, in reply to his inquiries, that
the Great Urewstei island, Jioston haibor, has long been
undergoing abra&iori by the sea to such a degree as to make
remedial measures a matter of prompt importance.
Long lMand Head, Boston harbor, is undergoingsimilar
injuries, but the necessity lor protection id ih.it case is not
so uigoiit in the other. The detritiw^whioh is washed
out by the lathing ot .-tonus from the hilly shores of these
islands id carried by the current into the channels of the
bay, and deposited in them to their serious injury.
Deer inland and Lovell's island have al«o heen subject to
wearing by the sea; but it has been averted in these cases
by protective sea walls. In the case of Great IJrewstu,
like protection has been afforded, but only to a part of the
extent necessary. At the Great Brewster, the unfinished
work should be recommenced and completed as soon as
practicable.
At T)eor island andLoveltfc island the existing structures
are sufficient, but now need repaiis. At Long Island Head
the work may be deferted till the more urgent positions
are secured.
For expenditure during the next fiscal year there should
be appropriated r
For sea-wall of Great Brewster    $40,000
For repair of sea-wall of Deei and Lovell's islands 10,000
Very lespectfully, your obedient seivant.
JOSEPH G. TOTTEN,
Brigadier General and Chief Engineer.
Hon. E. M. Stanton, Secretary of War.
Official copy:
<J. T. CHIUSTENSEN,
Mujor, Assistant Jldjutant General,
War Department, March 18, 1864.
Approved, and appropriation recommended.
EDWIN .AL STANTON,
Secretary of War.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GANSON. 1 move thefollowingamend-
ment:
For icpairs of the sea-wall at Buffalo, $37,500.
Mr. Chairman, a breach was made in that sea-
wall in January last, and unless repaired it may
be destroyed altogether. A report was made to
the House from the Secretary of War that this
appropriation is necessary for the protection of
the harbor of Buffalo.
Mr. STEVENS. Do I understand*the gentle-
man from New Yoik to say that the Secretary of
War has recommended this appropriation in u
repoit to this House?
Mr. GANSON. Ye^ sir.
Mr. STEVENS. Then I have no objection to
the amendment.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. I submit the
following amendment to the amendment:
For the harbor ol Chicago, #50,000,
Foi the harboi of Milwaukee. $50,000.
For the haibor of Raejiie, #20,000.
For the haibor of Kenosha, ^U;U00.
