1884
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of the Committee on Finance would only modify
that proposition, and therefore I do not care to
resist i'.. I will accept the modification ho has
proposed, that the salary of this consul shall ho
$4,000, to commence from and after the 30th of
June next.
Mr. FESSENDEN". Then it will read in this
way i
That the salary of the consul at Xa-sau shall be $4,000,
to commence Horn and after the close of the present fiscal
year.
Mr. GRIMES. I am satisfied we mast have
raised the salary of the consul at Nassau some
time between the commencement of the rebellion
and the present moment, if his salary is now
$3,000 a year; for, ordinarily, in time of peace,
there is very hide for a consul to do at Nassau;
and f do not see what he is to do there now. We
have no commerce there. I have no doubt the
consul thorp oughtto have motley for various pur-
poses in oulei to obtain information; but! do not
know that this is the way to furnish him with it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 suppose there are di-
vers letters and papeis on the subject explaining
the amendment.
Mr. MORRILL. Yes, sir. I do not know
that I have them at hand, but the communications
from the State Department are very full on the
subject of the duties of this consul, showing that
they have been very important and veryaiduous.
It is one of the few cases, and I do not know hut
almost*the only case, wlieie the S'ate Department
have recommended an increase of salaiy.
Mr. GRIMES. The salary of this consul in
18fJl was ^,000, according tn the Blue Boole. Wo
have ill ready raised it $1,000, fifty per cent.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am inclined to think it
is only $2,000 now.
ThePRESiDINGOFFlCER, (Mr. Powell in
the chair.) The question is on the amendment
of the Senator fiom Maine, [Mr. Morrill,] as
modified, to insnt the following:
The talai j of the eon-ul at Na^&nu shall be .$-1,000, to
commcmcN.' aitei the clo.-o < 1 the present fiscal >ear.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mi. MOIIRILL. 1 am instructed to move a
further amendment to come in at the end of the
amendment already made:
The ?alarv of ihe consul at Ljons shrill ho c-sfabluhed at
$~.000, to eonnncnec on the 1st day ot Januaiy, 1*G I.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suppose the Senator
will alter that in the same way as the last amend-
ment.
Mr. MORRILL. Yes, sir. It should read:
The salary ot'the consul atLyonsshall be 000, to com-
mence attei the clo e of ihe pie?uit n>cal year.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be so
modified.
Mr. FES3ENT>EN. What is the salary of
the consul at Lyons now?
Mr. GRIMES. Fifteen hundred dollars.
Mr. MORRILL. We have only increased it
§,oOO.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 am instructed to move fur-
ther, to come in at the same place, the following
amendment:
The palm v of tfie mn-n! ,if Mmx-he^ter shall be e^fnb-
htihed nt to commence alter the clOoe oj the pres-
ent fiscal > ear.
That salary is now £2,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Before the Senate act on
these amendments, I should like to have the pa- .
pcrs explaining them hud before the Senate. I i
suppose those papers aiein the hands of the Com- i
mittee on Commerce. 1 do not remember about '■
the consuls at Lyons and Manchester; hot I do :
remember something about the crise of the consul j
at Nassau, and that was very strongly pressed j
by the Department.
Mr. MO LUtlLL. The evidence is pretty strong, !
I am sure; but! do not know that I have the papers
at hand in tho^e cases.
Mr. GRIMES. Is the consulate at Manehos- '
tcr inoie important than the consulate at South-
ampton ?
Mr. MORRILL. A great denl more so at the
present time. I do not think I have those papers
here; but I will endeavor to rind them in the com- I
mittee-room. j
Mr. TEN EYCK. While the Senator from j
Maine is gone to find the papers applicable to the <
increase of salaries of these three consuls, I will j
simply state my memory of the one whose salary
is now proposed to be increased; and that is the
consul at Manchester. If I recollect aright, it
appeared by a communication from the State De-
partment that a new system had been adopted
there for the purpose of preventing frauds, m con-
sequence of which the consul had triplicated all
invoices.
Mr. COLLAMER. That system was adopted I
here.
Mr. TEN EYCK. Very well. The additional
buiden of that duty has been thrown on this of-
ficer, and it has been ascertained to have resulted
in a considerable saving to the country and a
great advantage to its revenue. That was the
general fact in relation to this consulate,as is with-
in the memory of myself and my associates on
the committee. It appeared to us that, taking
into consideration the large increase of his duties
and the expenses of living there, it was highly
proper that an exception should be made in- his
case as in the case of the consul at Lyons and the
consul at Nassau. It is manifest to everybody,
and is well known to the Government, that the
duties of the consulate at Nassau have been large-
ly increased in consequence of that being the de-
pot for all the blockade runners, and it is desira-
ble that we should have a first-iate man, the best
the country can pfrxluce, to look after our inter-
ests there. I have no doubt that if the Senator
from Maine can lay his hand on the communica-
tions from the Department of State, they will sus-
tain the general tacts as I have stated them here
before the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. For the sake of having
| the bill icported to the Senate, as I undeistand
j this is the 1 ist of the amendments of the Commit-
i tee on Commerce,I am willing fo let it he adopted,
i and the papers can be rend afterwaids.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate asamended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on concurring in the amendments made in Com-
j mittee of the Whole.
j Mr. COLLAMER. I desire to except from the
j general vote on concurring in the amendments
I that amendment which relates to the appointment
j of consular pupils;. I desire a separate vote on j
that. !
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend- |
ment will be excepted. ^ j
Mr. FESSENDEN. There aie seveial amend- |
merits on which a separate vote will be required, ;
and I think v. e may as well take the question now
on eoncuiring in this amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. IsUthopleas-
ure of the Senate that the vo:e .shall Ix. taken on
all the amendments together except the one indi-
cated ?
Mr. SIIER.MAN. I thuik we had bettertakc
the vote on tins single am^ndmt nt fli pf.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is what I have sug-
gested. 1 suppose we can infoimally pass over
the previous amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The other
amendments will be passed over infoimally, and
the question will he taken on concurring in the !
amendment excepted by the Senator from Ver-
mont.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask the reading of the
amendment.
The Secretary read the amendment, which was
on page 5, line s fifty-one and fifty-two, after the
woid "agent" to insert "and twenty-five con-
sular pupils;" so that the clause will read: I
For snlane* of rojiMits Ejenetnl, consul-', commerci-il 1
agent*, and twenty-five uoiimHcU pupil-, namely, &c.
Mr. COLLAM Ell. I desup fo say a few words ;
on this question; not that I suppose it will be of j
any practical use, but 1 wish to have the subject !
understood, and at least to explain the ground of '
my own vote. |
In the v\ir 1856 th^re was passed a lew relating 1
to our diplomatic and consular establishment gen- '
erally. Tho seventh section of that act was m :
these woids:
k' .'. ki/u' t'C il fin (her cnocteJ, That the President bo
and i-j herd)} auihouzed, whenever lie shall think the pub-
lic L'uod will be piomotcd tlificbj. to appoint consular pu- ,
jkN not to exceed twenty-five in number at any one time,
who tlnll heeitizcis of the United ^rnro. au<* tniiUk-d to
comp'Mi-atioi, for then seivices respectively, nt a late not
to exceed ^1,000 per arm am, to be determined by the Pres-
ident, and to j>uth pupil*, from tune to tunc, to sudi
con&uiates, and with such duties,as he may think pioper; .
and before the appointment of any such pupil shall be made, !
satisfactory evidence by examination or'otherwise shall Be'
furnished ofhis qualifications and fitness for the office to'
the Secretary of State,and by him laid before the-pfftsidetft,"
That law was passed in August, 1856. In Feb-,
ruary,1837,itwas repealed; and it thereforerieveV
went into practical effect at all. There Had not '
been any appropriation made to carry it intd
eiioct, and it was not carried into effect up to thfe
time at which it was repealed. It is now pro-'
posed, as I understand it, to repeal the repealing
clause and revive that act. I am fully aware thtrt'
the Department ofState now as then are very tena-
cious of this proposition, and it is unpleasant at
all times to feci bound even in judgment to oppose
a proposition especially coming from thefhcad"s
of Departments and of the Administration that
we profess to support; but myjudgment,madeup
about it at the time of its repeal, remains with me'
until I hear some reasons given for altering it. 1
have not heard any.
This is a proposition to set up a school of ed-
ucation for consuls or consuls' chief clerks, by
selecting a certain number of young men and then
sending them to different consulates to be under
the control of the consuls, and to do such duties
as the President shall direct. The object, if I un-
derstand it, is to procure men fitted and adapted
by practice and education to the duties of con-
suls, either to become consuls themselves or to
aid consuls in doing their duties. Other Govern-
ments differently constituted from ours might well
commence a system of this kind; and I believe
to some extent, even in relation to their general
school of diplomacy, they do educate young men
in other countries to it; but I think the condition
of our country and the natureof ourGovernmenl
arc such that this attempt is based upon a mis-
taken theory altogether, if we were to educate
young men in this country for legislators, if you
please, and have them drilled in according to this
plan, under the supervision of experienced lcgis«
lators, I do not say that the Government mighi
not be ultimately benefited by it; but 1 very
much doubt it.
According to my view, two things mustneces*
sarily be implied in order to enable the Govern-
ment to do anything of this kind. In the first
place, the young man who goes into such a course
of education must hove, seem ity that he shall have
employment when he is educated; and in the nex't
place, that he shall have promotion in the branch
m which he is educated. In order to secure to
the Government the sei vices of such young men,
the young men themselves must have security
that they shall have employment; and, on the
other hand, the Government must have security
that they shall hnve'thc service after they have
educated them. (Jnless these reciprocal securi-
ties are m some measure secured in the proposi-
tion, it goes for nothing.
We have a system of this kind m relation to our
Military Academy and our Naval School. The
young men who go there have a very good de-
gree of seeniity that when they have successfully
passed through their course of instruction they
shall go into the Army or Navy, and shall rise m
their profession by regular promotion, by the law
of the land. Having these securities they will
enter upon the course, and furnish by it to the
Government some security that they shall have
their s"rvices.
Ihcre is nothing like that contained in this
proposition. It is not proposed here that these
young men when educated shall enter upon the
duties ot consulates or have any prcfeience given
to them or rise by any gradation or promotion in
this employment. They have, then, no secut ities
of this kind. What reason have we to expect, if
we were to educate these young men, that they
would stand sequestered to our service? The
moment one of these young men has gotten his
education in one of these foreign consulates—and
you give him £1,000 a year while he is obtaining
that education—he will say to liimtelf, 111 have
no security that the Governm-nt are going to em-
ploy meor give me any promotion or elevation;"
and the education \vt have given him will enable
him to command a pi ice in the mei con tile employ-
ments of the woild by which he will be guided
at once. You educate him without any security
that you will have his service, and he gets his
education without any security that you will ever
give him any service. J repeat, unless these feat-
ures are given of security to the two sides of such
