1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. CHANDLER. I accept the amendment.
Mr. McDOUCrALL. There is no objection
to that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I now move to strike out
the whole of the third section, and I ask for its
reading.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Sec. 3. nd be it jurther enactcd, Tllat if within five
years from the passage of this act the said Collins, his as-
sociates ami assignees, shall complete and have ready for
successful use a line of telegraph from its connection
with the said Pacific telegraph to the mouth of the Anioor
river aforesaid, the Seel etary of State is authorized and'
instructed to contract with the parties owning said line or
lines, upon receiving suitable guarantees from them, as in
tile case of bids for mail contracts, for tin; use of the same
by the Department of State, the Treasury, the War, the
Navy, and the Interior Departments, the General Post Of-
fice, the legislative and judicial departments, and the re-
spective offices thereof for ail public purposes, for aperiod
of ten vear* next ensuing the date of said contract, tile
United States to pay for such use at the rate of §50,000 a
year in equal quarterly payments: Provided, That if, dur-
ing any of tile fifteen years aforesaid, the business done
foi the United States under said contract shall, at the or-
dinary rate of charge for private messages, exceed the smn
of §100.000, an account thereof, duly authenticated, shall
be presented to the Secretary of the Treasury, who shall
certify the same to Congress for payment.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I shall proceed to state in as
few words as I possibly can the reason why this
section should be stricken out. 1 may be allowed
to say that I feel less interest in the success of
this bill under the course its friends have pursued
in endeavoring to force its passage at the expense
of a much larger and more important interest to
the country now at stake, and that is the pas-
sage of the amendment of the enrollment bill.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I do not understand the
Senator exactly when he speaks of the course of
the friends of this bill. We have felt in my part
of the country that we were as much concerned
as any persons in the Republic in this measure,
as it unites us immediately and particularly with
eastern Asia. I was not aware when I came in
here that this bill had been urgedoutof its order;
but I trust it will receive no prejudice from the
fact that it has been urged on the attention of the
Senate. It is a simple bill, and I think it can be
disposed of promptly, and there is no good rea-
son why it should be objected to, because as a
matter of legislation it is now pending.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I was not designing or in-
tending to prejudice the passage of the bill. I was
simply stating thereason why i felt less hesitancy
in opposing a measure of this kind or interposing
objections to its passage than I would have felt
under other circumstances, because feeling, as I
do, theabsolute necessity of an immediate action
on the part ofCongtess to fill up the ranks of our
armies, which are now being thinned in conse-
quence of the terrible warfare being carried on,
1 think 1 may be justified in at least stating the
reasons emphatically and distinctly which influ-
ence my mind in opposing the bill in the chaiac-
tpr in which it now stands before the Senate.
Sir, I can understand as well as any other Sen-
ator oil this floor, and I trust I am as keenly alive
to the honor find glory of rendering efficient aid
on the part of the Government in the establish-
ment of a telegraph line which is to encircle the
world as any other Senator, or as any person con-
nected wiLh the Government in either of its
branches. It is an ennobling enterprise, worthy
of the grandest thoughts and considerations of
the greatest and ablest men of the country. But,
sir, we should regard the position in which we
are placed; we should not be captivated and car-
ried away by the excellency of the motive and
design, and lose sight of our judgments, and open
the public Treasury to any demands which may
be made upon it and from any quarter, no matter
how respectable that quarter may be, and no matter
how respectable the friends may be who come
from that direction. _
We are asked to aid in the construction of this
p-reat work. This bill asks us, in the first place,
10 grant the right of way, which is a great priv-
ilege to a company of this kind, because if the
n?li* of way is granted and a work of this kind
^established, it will go very far toward pre-
ventm^ any competition hereafter on the patt or
other persons who have not the vast amount ot
capital that this company which is asking tor
SSopr.vi.cge. under thu, bill have. They then
ask, and we are willing to give, or at least the
bill, as reported, contained an absolute 0ift ot
unappropriated lands not exceeding a quarter sec-
tion for each fifteen miles on the line of this tele-
graph. That at the present moment is no very
great gift. The public lands are given upon al.
most every bill. Our western friends day after
day receive donations in every variety of shape
to the amount of millions; and I, for one, repre-
senting an old State,.have made no objection,
because I was desirous of doing -what I could
to contribute toward the progress of these new
giants who, I fear, before many years will take
entire control of the affairs of this nation;'and
knowing, too, that, let us do as we choose, the
old States would derive but very little advantage
from the public domain, as we have in times past
derived very little advantage from it. But that is
a gratuity. In addition to that this bill proposes
that the Navy Department shall fit out and sup-
ply this company with a vessel. The second
section is in these words:
Sec. 2. Jlni be it further enacted, That in order to en-
courage and aid the construction ot said line of telegraph
beyond the lmutsofthe United States, the Secretary of the
Navy is authorized and instructed to detail for the use of
the surveys and soundings along that portion of the Pacific
coast, both of America and Asia, where it is proposed to
establish said telegiaph, one steam or sailing vessel, in his
discretion, to assist in surve) sand soundings, layingdovvn
submerged cable, and in transporting materials connected
therewith, and generally afford such assistance as may be
deemed best calculated to secure a successful promotion of
the enterpuse.
This is no small assistance on the part of the
Government. A national vessel is to be detailed
with its officers at the public expense, without
limitation with regard to time for the purpose of
enabling this company to establish this great pub-
lic work.
In addition to all that, this company ask us to
subsidize them for a period of ten years, granting
them §50,000 per year, amounting to §500,000 m
the aggregate, in addition to all other privileges
which they ask Congress to conferupon them to-
ward the establishment of this line. It should be
a very extreme case that should constrain the Gov-
ernment in making all these efforts and granting
all these aids toward a company to construct a
work of this kind. The Government should be
first satisfied that they have the means at hand
ready to do it. If wc sverem a state of peace and
prosperity, and it was desired to lend a helping
hand to a feeble company, unable to execute this
work with their own means and unassisted, it
would be a matter for the consideration of Con-
gress; and no Secretary of State could have ex-
ceeded the present Secretary of State in his just
eulogium upon the character and magnitude of
this work and its desirability. ,
But, sir, if I am not incorrectly informed, this
company is one of immense wealth; and my hon-
est and firm conviction from the evidence which
has come before me is, that they will gladly com-
plete this work without any such subsidy as
$50,000 per year from the Treasury for ten years,
amounting to §500,000 in the aggregate. 1 have
been informed that the company who ask this
privilege, the chief of whom is this Mr. Collins
who comes here armed with charters from the
different Governments of Europe to build this
1 me over the ten itory of those Governments, com-
menced its operations some years ago with a capi-
tel of some three hundred thousand dollars, anu
that is all the capital they have ever had by any
charter or by any law.
I repeat, I have been credibly informed that the
company now asking for this subsidy and the
right to build this telegraph line across the con-
tinent, a distance, as the Senator from Michigan
savs.of several thousand miles, commenced with
a capital stock of §300,000, and by their business
tact, by the skill with which they have managed
their affairs, and by the purchasing out of other
and rival companies and throwing impedimen s
in their way, their capital this day is wo th
<9,000,000; their capital stock has increased be-
tween three and four hundied per cent I is
stated that there is a prospective purchase: m vie
of the California Telegraph Company, to be es
timated at some three million dollais, which, it
true, would swell up this capital to the am0""1"'
§12,000,000. I do not vouch for the truth of thei e
statements, because I have no means of Personal
knowledge; but I have been informed m a way
and fiom a source upon which I place great le-
liance that such is the fact.
Then, sir, if that be true, here we have a com-
pany with a capital of either $9,000,000 or §12,*
000,000,which has increased faster than any snow
ball.ever did by rolling it over the surface of.the
ground, by the increase of [its own stock and by
the increased value of its lines arising from the
manner in which they have conducted business;
asking this Government to bestow all these priv-
ileges upon them, and to subsidize them tothe tune
of §500,000 in order to enable them to construct this
line and to carry on their works. I understand,
t do notknow how true it is, thai the gentleMan
to- whom the chairman ofthe Committee on Com-
merce has referred, and who lias brought the Rus-
sian charter here, to which he has referred with
commendations, proposes to place that in the char-
ter of this nsw company at the value of some
three million dollars.
It is by these means that the men who are en-
gaged in this originally comparatively smallcom-
pany have become millionaires, it being rather a
close corporation, and confined to perhaps^ not
more than a score of men, if they amount to that
number. 1 would not for all this throw any im-
pediment in the way of their constructingthis line;
nor would I oppose their having the right of way
granted to them; nor would I oppose their having
granted to them upon which to construct their
works the use of a quarter section of land at the
distance ofevery fifteen miles; nor would I, as it is
a great national measure and would reflect credit
upon our nation, refuse to:give them the benefit
and advantage of a national vessel to give them
credit abroad, and to overawe the Indian tribes
and lawless people who might be disposed to in-
terfere with them upon the Pacific coast. I would
not oppose any of these things, but would cheer-
fully and gladly grant them all; but when they
come and ask in addition to this a subsidy of
§500,000 to enable them to construct a work
which they would in my opinion gladly and joy-
fully construct without a dollar being granted to
them, under the protection of the Government,
and the grant of a right of way; in a time of war,
when the Committee on Finance with all their
ability and all their skill are driven to their wits'
ends to keep the coffers of the Treasury full
enough even to pay the soldiers in greenbacks, 1
would hesitate for the time before I would under-
take to give this subsidy.
It does not stop there. The chairman of the
Committee on Commerce says he has no doubt
the Government will require the use of this tele-
graph line forits business to an amount exceeding
§100,000 a year. What I have to say on that
subject is this: I had much rather that the Gov-
ernment should pay as it has its work performed ,
as every citizen pays, than to undertake such
a work under these circumstances, and offer a
large sumofmoney in advance without knowing
whether we should require that amount of service
to be performed upon this work or not. But the
bill does not stop here; there is a very cautious
expression at the end of the third section to this
That if, duringany ofthe fifteen years aforesaid, the busi-
ness done for the United States under said contract shall, at
the ordinary rate of charge lor private messages exceed the
«um of M00,000, an account thereof, duly authenticated,
shall be presented to the Secretary of the Treasury, who
shall certify the same to Congress for payment.
As I understand this section we undertake to
subsidize them to the tune of §500,000, at the rate
of §50,000 a year; but if the charges for carrying
the messages ofthe Government should exceed the
sum of §100,000, then we are to pay all the excess
of that §100,000, let the amount be more or less.
Mr. President, I havefeltit my duty m moving
to strike out the third section of this bill to lay
these statements before the Senate that they may
see what they are doing at the present time, and
to ask them seriously whether in their admiration
and regard for so great a work, which is to reflect
credit and honor upon the nation, they are will-
ing to throw away §500,000 in addition to all the
other aid and assistance they give this company ,
when it is manifest from the ability, power, and
riches of this corporation, they are not only will-
ing but able to construct this work, and doubtless
will construct it without the aid of this third sec-
tion which I have moved to strike out.
Mr CHANDLER. The Senator has alluded
to the affairs of the American Telegraph Com-
  i have made a fftcat deal
1 understand they have made agt
Sf money, but 1 do not know anything aboui uic
facts that the Senator states, nor do I care. 1
