1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2091
I have inserted Chicago, because I do not see i
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Arnold] with 1
whom I have had some consultation on this sub-
ject.
Mr STEVENS. I hope that the gentleman
from Wisconsin will withdraw his amendment
until the amendment of the gentleman from New
York is disposed of.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. I will withdraw
my am«ndment for the present.
Mr. MORRILL. I do not see the application
to the present bill of the present amendment. The
amendment is for the improvement of a harbor,
and this is a fortification bill.
Mr. STEVENS. I understood the gentleman
from New York to say that it was recommended
by the Secretaay of War.
Mr. MORRILL. I think that the subjectought
to be referred to the.Committee on Commerce.
Mr. GANSON. I went to the-Secretary of
the Treasury, and he said that it did not com.e
within his province. I then referred to the Sec-
retary of War, who sent to the House a report
recommending this appropriation.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. I now renew
my amendment. It is for continuing appropria-
tions for preserving the harbors in these respect-
ive places.
Mr. STEVENS. There is no law for these
appropriations.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. They are to
continue previous appropriations. There is a
law for the North Cut at Milwaukee.
Mr. STEVENS. I make the point of order
that theamendmentis notgermane, and that there
is no law for it.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. It is in the
same condition with the amendments for other
harbors. It is the same as the amendment in
reference to Buffalo harbor.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. PIKE submitted the followingamendment:
For the puipose of building a road to connect the mili-
tary road leading from Uangor to lloulton with the east
line of the State Tflong the route of the Millord turnpike,
and to be expended under the direction of the Secretary of
War, $a0,000.
Mr. STEVENS raised the point of order that i
the amendment was not germane.
The CHAIRMAN ruled the amendment out
of order.
Mr. STEVENS moved that the committee rise
and report the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Steele, of New York,
reported that the Committee of the Wholeon the
state of the Union had, according- to'order, had the
Union generally under consideration, and partic-
ularly House bill No. 207, ma king appropriations
for the construction, preservation, and repairs of
certain fortificationsand other works ofdefense for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1865, and had
directed him to report the same to the House with
sundry amendments.
Mr. STEVENS demanded the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the amendments of the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union were con-
curred in.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter morion was agreed to.
MESSAGE EltOM TIIE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
their Secretary, informed the House that the Sen-
ate had agreed to the amendmentof the House of
Representatives to the bill (S. No. 126) to amend
an act to incorporate the inhabitants of the city
of Washington, passed May 15, 1820.
COMMITTEE OP CONFERENCE. *
Mr. STEVENS. I move that a committee of
conference be appointed upon the Army appio-
priation bill, in conformity to the request of the
Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER subsequently appointed Mr.
Stevens, Mr. Schenck., and Mr. Morrison as
such committee on the part of the House.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
their Secretary, informed the House that theSen-
ate disagree to the amendment of the House of
Representatives to thefirstamendmentofth'e Sen-
ate to the bill (H. R. No. 151) making appropri-
ations for the support of the naval service for the
year ending 30th June, 1865, insist upon its
amendments to the said bill disagreed to by the
House, and ask a conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses thereon, and have ap-
pointed Mr. Hale, Mr. Van Winkle, and Mr.
Powell as such committee ifpon their part.
HOMESTEADS IN REBEL STATES.
The SPEAKER announced that the next busi-
ness in order during the remainder of the morn-
ing hour was the bill reported from the Committee
on Public Lands in regard to homesteads in the
rebel States, upon which the gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Julian] was entitled to the floor.
ALLEGED CORRESPONDENCE WITH REBELS.
Mr. VOORHEES. I hope I may be allowed
by unanimous consent to make a statement affect-
ing the character of gen,tlmen who have been as-
sailed upon this floor. I see the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Garfield] has just come in. I would
have risen to this matter immediately after the
reading of the Journal had he been in his seat. It
will occupy but a short time.
Mr. JULIAN. In justice to others, I do not
feel that 1 can yield at the present time.
Mr. VOORHEES. I do not ask that it be
taken out of the gentleman's time, as a matter of
course.
Mr. JULIAN. If it does not come out of my
time, I will not object.
The SPEAKER. It will not come out of the
gentleman's hour, but it will come out of the
morning hour
Mr. J ULIAN. I yield to a short explanation,
if there is no other objection.
No objection was made.
Mr. VOORHEES. Mr. Speaker, I arise at
this time to perform a duty which I owe to two
of the most distinguished and worthy gentlemen
in the State of Indiana, who are my immediate
constituents, my neighbors, and my friends,and
who have begn most cruelly wronged and out-
raged on the floor of this House. In discharging
this duty, I trust I may be able also to impress
upon the public mind a wholesome lesson in be-
half of truth, decency,and justice.
On the 8th of last month the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Garfield] made a startling and im-
portant announcement in his place as a member
of Congress, in which he used the following lan-
guage:
<kT am reminded here of a fact which I had well-nigh
foigottcn. La*>t summer I remember a Union f-py came to
our camp bunding two letters addressed io 4 Major General
John C. Ureckmridge, C. S. A.5 Thev were letters of m-
tioduetion, htatinsr that the hearer (leaned to obtain acom-
11H--IOU in iht: rcb ;l aimy, and commending him a-* a gal-
lant <u,d reliahlenirin whom Hreckmridge could tiu*t. One
ofthe-e letteis v\\v< Mgneci by a man who lately held a seat
m this House! [Cues of 'N.une him!' from the Denio-
ciatic Hde of the IIou*e.] J will produce the letter in due
time, ft i-< not here with me. The other letter wad from
an associate of his, prominent in the local Democratic pol-
itics of the State of Indiana. I am lesponsibie loi pro-
ducing tho>e Jctteift. [Ones of * Name !']
"Mr. IIotmvw I nope the gmtictnan will give the
names now.
"Mr. Carpiei.o. When 1 produce tlie letters any fur-
ther fe^timouv that may he called for can be had at my
hand.-."
It will bo seen by this statement that the gen-
tleman pledged himself to the House and the coun-
tiy to produce the letters leferrcd to, and any fur-
ther testimony which might be required at his
hands. The charge was boldly and explicitly
made, and the responsibility distinctly assumed.
I was not present when this announcement was
made, and I heard of it with profound amaze-
ment. I did not deem it possible that a gentle-
man occupying a seat on this floor would thus
make an unqualified statement of a fact which im-
plied crime of the highest character, unless he had,
ay he asscited, the fullc&t and must satisfactory
evidence to sustain him. I therefore awaited the
production of these letters with a very natural
anxiety. Public expectation, too, was stimulated
and aroused by this positive proclamation of trea-
son on the part of two prominent members-aird
leaders of the Democrattc party of Indiana. It
was supposed by all those, who hunger and thirst
for the destruction of that grand old party that its
day of doom was near at hand.
Sir, the promised bk>w after a tantalizing delay
fell. The gentleman from Ohio arose on theI9th
of April to redeem the pledge which he had so .
solemnly made!, In order to show that-he him-
self appreciated the gravity and serious nature of
the charge which he had made, and which he now
proposed to prove, and in order to call attention
to the facts as detailed by him, I quote his lan-
guage in full on that occasion:
"Mr. Garfield. Mr. Speaker, I desire the attention of
the House for five minutes. When submitting some re-
marks in the House a lew days ago in reply to the speech
of my colleague, [Mr. Long,] f made a very grave charge
against some of tlie leadeis of the Democratic party, alleg-
ing that they were in correspondence with rebels and was
callGd upon to produce the documents to which I referred.
I take this occasion to do so. Before producing them,'I
wish to say a word in regard to them. It is a very grave
matter for a member to rise itrhis place here and &ay that
leading men of any party in the North are actually in cor-
respondence with leadeis in the lebel army. I made that
statement, but not without a full knowledge of what I said.
1 have had opportunities for knowing of the existence of
such correspondence—more, perhaps, than most other gen-
tlemen here.
" These letters came into my possession in the following
manner: we had learned in the army of the'1 Cumberland
that some of our regiments weie being corrupted, that at-
tempts were being made by parties at home to induce them
to desert. This had become so great an evil with some regi-
ments from southern Fndiana and southern Illinois that we
sent seveial ot our secret seivice meu into those States to
find out, if possible, who were engaged m this business.
Among others was ;i young man who had resigned a com-
mission, nearly a vear before, in consequence "of ill-health,
lie consented to go to southern Indiana, believing lie could
not only find out these men but could get recommendations
from piominent rebel sympathizers that would enable him
to get through the lines into tlie rebel aimy. The resultof
this mission into Indiana was that he obtained two letters,
the copies of which I now hold m my hand.
" When the letters were brought to me, I immediately
called some Indiana officers who knew the authors and
were acquainted with then handwriting. It warf necessary
that the seoutshouid take with him into th^'enemy's lines
the ougina) letters, which, being recognized by Breckin-
ridge, would serve as passes. I therefore took exact copies
of them, placing them under tissue paper and tracing them
as accinatelyas possible, so as to preserve the character-
istics of the handwriting. Out of regard to the young man
himself, 1 have omitted his name, as its publication might
bring him into trouble. He went through the lines, and
immediately aftei wards the campaign began, ending with
the battle of Chickamauga, and I have never heard ofhim
since. I will now ask that the letters be read at the Clerk'*
desk.
"Mr. Ei.drtdge. I should like to ask the gentleman a
question first.
" Mr. Gaufu'ld. Let the letters be read first.
" The letters weie read, as follows:
Grekncastle, Indiana, July 1863.
Dear Sir : I take this method of introducing to youi fa-
vorable consideration Mi. , a resident ol tln-s place.
Mr. wishc-s to enter the seivice of the South in some
capacity, so that lie can be of some assistance to your
cause. I can.safely recommend him to you as an energetic
and laithtul man in any capacity you may placc hmi, and
I know that he can he of valuable assistance to you. Mr.
 was tor some time connected with the Uniou Anny,
butbeeame di-gusted with the party hi power and resigned
in consequence thereof. Any favor'that may be shown
him will, I am satisfied, never be betrayed.
I am, General, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
D. R. ECKELS.
General John C. Breckinridge, C. S. Ji.
ItocicviLLE, Indiana, July 14, 1863.
Dear Sir: I take great pleasure in recommending to
your la vol able acquaintance tlie bearer, Mr. , of
: Gieencastie,this State. He wishes to visit theSouth,and
I nor he subjected to any danger fiom such a vHt.
I ]y[r. was connected with the Army for some months
as a quaitermaster of the —th Indiana volunteers, but re-
signed immediately alter the evacuation of Counth, Mis-
sissippi, by your foiee«, and has had no sympathy o*con-
neciion with tlsf Aimy since. Any duty he may agree to
perform, you may rely upon it that it will he faithfully done.
Any favor shown huu will lie reeipiocated by me when-
ever any oppoitunity offers.
1 am, Geneial, joui% with much lef-peet,
JOHN G. DAVIS.
Major General John C. Breckinridge.
u Mr. Garfield. The last letter bears the signature of
a man who war> a membci of the Thirty-Second, Thirty-
Thud, Thirty-Fomth, and Thirty-Sixth Congresses, and
the picdeecs-'orof tiic gentleman from the Ten e Iiaut«* dis-
trict, [Mr. Voorhees.] The other was a judge m Uiah
; under Buchatum, and is also a prominent Democratic poll-
; tician in the same district. Both aie the gentleman's [Mr.
; Voorhees's] constituents."
j Mr. Speaker, I was present when the gentle-
i man from Ohio made the above remarks and pro-
