THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 18,
only h.opfc that they havemoney enough to-build
this tine. They propose to go through art inhos-
pitable region, across Behring's straits, and to con-
nect us in five years with the whole of Europe
and China. It will be seen by the map which I
have before me that the whole of Europe, which
is now traversed in every direction by telegraph
lines, would instantly «l>e brought- by the con-
struction of this line in- telegraphic communica-
tion with the city of Washington.
• With regard to the former management of that
company or its future, management I have noth-
ing to say. I deem this a great national work of
to much importance that I'should be very glad
to have them use the money they have made or
any other money that they can gat in building
this line.
- If the-motion of the Senator from New Jersey
to strikeout the third section of this bill prevails,
inmyjudgment.it will defeatthe measure. The
Senator talks of the condition of the Treasury.
This bill does not take a single dollar out of the
Treasury until the completion of this work, and
X trust in five years from to-day our Treasury
will be in a better condition than it is now. This
is not a subsidy. There is not a Senator on this
floor who does not know that when this Govern-
ment shall be placed in telegraphic communica-
tion with the whole of Europe and Asia, our
telegraphic bill would amount to more" than this
sum of #50,0Q0. The Government of Russia has
very kindly agreed to subsidize this line in order
to bring herself into communication with the Uni-
ted States. Would it be well now for the United
States to turn her back upon this great enterprise
and coldly say, We take no interest in the
work ?" { repeat, sir, this is not a subsidy. It
is merely a contract in advance for what you
know you will need when the time arrives.
Mr. GRIMES. I rise for the purpose of ob*>
taining some information from the chairman of
the Committee on Commerce. I should like to
know what is the character of this subsidy that
is given by the Russian Government. As i
understand it, the Russian Government have
agreed to assist in building a line over their own
teiritory as far as a certain point, and that it is
no%v near the mouth of the Amoor river, for the
purpose of connecting with this line at that point.
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, sir; that is so.
Mr. GRIMES. Has the Russian Government
ever agreed to build, or to assist in building, or
have they subsidized this company so as to en-
able them to build through the Russian posses-
sions in America?
Mr. CHANDLER. I can not answer that ques-
tion. They have granted them a subsidy. Russia
owns all her telegraphic lines. She has agreed to
give forty per cent, of the receipts from her por-
tion of the lino to this line as a subsidy.
Mr. GRIMES. As far as the mouth of the
Amoor river?
Mr. CHANDLER. No,sir; through.
Mr. GRIMES. To what point?
Mr. CHANDLER. The capital of Russia,
St. Petersburg.
Mr. GRIMES. Prom the capital of Russia
how far west?
Mr. CHANDLER. To the British posses-
sions, I suppose.
Mr. GRIMES. Has the Senator a copy of
that contract between the Russian Government
and Mr. Collins?
. Mr. CHANDLER. I have it not with me.
Mr. GRIMES. It would be very satisfactory
to know exactly what are the relations this man
holds to the Russian Government.
Mr.CHANDLER. Ihavescen thecontract.
Mr. GRIMES. Can the Senator tell how far
the line is completed through the British posses-
sions? How much yet remains to be completed?
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, sir. Nine thousand
five hundred miles remain to be completed.
Mr. GRIMES, in Russia? H
Mr. CHANDLER. Oh, no, sir. The Russian
Government have agreed to build two thousand
five hundred miles, or to the mouth of the Amoor
river, to extend her line to the mouth of the Amoor,
and from there this Mr. Collins is to take it.
Mr. GRIMES. I call for the yeas and nays
on the motion of the Senator from New Jersey.
It is a matter of a good deal of consequence.
The yeas and nays were ordered. *
Mr. CHANDLER. I will simply remark that
if this amendment prevails it defeats the bill; that
is all.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It seems to me that some
gentlemen are falling into a very great mistake if
they suppose this is a subsidy of§500,000. It is
simply an agreement on our part that if they will
build the line at- their own expense and set it i-n'
operation, we will pay them for the use of it by
this Government to the amount of §50,000ayear
for ten years. We agreed, in order to aid in the
building of the Pacific telegraph, to give them
$40',000 or $50,000 a year; 1 forget which.
' Mr. CONNESS. Sixty thousand dollars.
Mi*. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, that en-
terprise was undertaken by those gentlemen at a
time when the majority of men denounced it as a
humbug. It was said it could not be built, and
that even if it were you could not keep it up
against the Indians. Mr. Benton, who was a
very wise man generally, said if such a thing was
attempted the Indians would dig up the poles and
carry off the wire. But, sir, it was attempted,
and by great energy and skill carried through,
and it was a success.
Mr. Collins has gone to Russia and obtained
from Russia this contract by which the Russian
Government grants to him lands for stations, the
right to the timber, and assistance in the build-
ing of the line, and furthermore,as I understand,
has agreed to pay at the rate of forty per cent,
of the through business on their line to aid in sus-
taining the line. What are we asked to do? To
give this company for the use of the line by the
Government §50,000 a year. In relation to that
provision in regard to certifying the account for
payment whenever the amount of Government
business exceeds $100,000, I think that might
be amended so as to be more definite and clear as
to what is meant by certifying it to Congress for
payment. I suppose the facts will be reported to
Congress and they can do jis they will about it.
Mr. BROWN. I should like to ask the Sen-
ator a question. I do not wish to interrupt him.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If this question is going
to give rise to any discussion I do not propose to
go into it myself. 1 want to have the bill acted
upon. I do not want it to stand in the way of
other business.
Mr. BROWN. I desire to call the attention
of the Senator to the fact that the "act to facili-
tate communication between the Atlanticand Pa-
cific States by electric telegraph,"provided in the
first place that it should be thrown open to pub-
lic competition to see who would do it for the
lowest amount. In the second place the subsidy
was not $50,000 or $60,000, but it was " not to
exceed $40,000." I will call the attention of the
Senator to the further fact that notwithstanding
the large bonuses and grants that have been given
to'that company, I am informed there is another
telegraph company constructing a line across the
continent without any bonus at all, on their own
hook.
Mr. TEN EYCIC. The bill has been re-
ported .
Mr. BROWN. 1 believe there is one in con-
templation going ahead.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, I think my
friend, the Senator from Wisconsin, could not
have read this bill, or else he would not inform
the Senate that all there was in it was what the
Senator from New Jersey has denominated the
subsidy; that is, the payment of $50,000 a year
for ten years. In the first place the first section
declares that this Mr. Collins shall be entitled to
the (( right of way over any unappropriated pub-
lic lands of the United States, together with the
right to take any timber and stone for construc-
tion purposes;" not for the construction of the
telegraph line, but for "construction purposes,"
leaving it in the broadest, terms possible.
And for the purpose of establishing and maintaining said
lines and tile stations ni'cessary foi tile repair and work-
ing thereof, tiiere is heieby donated—
Not the use of, but an absolute donation 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. That has been amended.
Mr. GRIMES. I was not aware that it had
been amended. That is the way the bill read as
introduced here:
Donated to said parties, out of such unappropriated lands,
not exceeding one quaiter section foi each fifteen miles of
line constructed.
The second section declares:
That in older to cncouiagc and aid tiie construction
of said line of telegraph beyond the limits of the United
States, the Secretary of the Navy is authorized and in-
structed—
He is absolutely required—
to detail for the use ot the surveys and soundings along
that portion of the Pacific coast, both of America and Asia,
where it is proposed to establish said telegiaph, one steam
or sailing vessel, in his discretion, to aid and assist in sur-
veys and soundings,— '
And not in that only—
laying down submerged cable, and in transporting mate-
rials connected therewith, and generally afford such assist-
ance as may be deemed best calculated to secure a success-
ful promotion of the enterprise.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator will recol-
lect that a few years ago this Government agreed
to pay $70,000 a year for ten years, and to fur-
nish ships to lay the cable across the Atlantic,
and to do divers and sundry other things to a
much greater extent than we propose to do here.
Mr. GRIMES. Because this Government con-
tracted several years ago to do some very foolish
things is no reason in the world why I as a Sen-
ator to-day should contract to do what, in my
estimation, is an exceedingly foolish thing. I do
not know what the contract was, nor what agree-
ment this Government made in regard to the lay-
ing of the Atlantic cable. I only know that Ac-
cording to the provisions of this bill, so far as
the laying of this cable is concerned through
Behring's straits or in the northern Pacific ocean,
the Navy Department is required to perform all
the duty; first, to make the survey; second, to
transport the material for the company; and third,
to lay down the cable after they get it there; to
furnish the vessels to do it.
Mr. CHANDLER. Only across Behring's
straits.
Mr. GRIMES. I suppose that does not follow
as a matter of course. Behring's straits are tol-
erably wide in certain places. We do not know
where the cable is going to be laid. It may be
laid across the straits in the narrowest point, or
it may be laid further south in order to obviate
the objections that may arise in consequence of
the cold weather, running it from island to island.
The very purpose of making surveys is to determ-
ine whether or not there may not be some more
feasible plan and place of laying it than laying
it across the straits; because, if they were going
to lay it across the straits at the shortest point,
there would be no necessity for putting in this
requirement here, that the Navy Department shall
survey and sound out the routes across there. I
understand from the Senator from New Jersey
that the company claim that the most proper
point probably for taking the telegraph wire
across would be from the Russian-American pos-
sessions to the St. Lawrence island, and from
the St. Lawrence island over to the Asiatic side.
If so, we shall be compelled, under the provis-
ions of this bill, to transport a very considerable
amount of material. I am now only alluding to
those portions of the bill which were not referred
to by my friend from Wisconsin. Now, if he
will turn to the fourth section- 
Mr. CHANDLER. I stated them all.
Mr. GRIMES. "In order to secure the same"—•
that is, this telegraph afterit shall be established—
"from injury by savages orother evil-disposed per-
sons, to the interruption ofthe public business, the
commanders of the military districts or stations
and other officers, acting under authority of the
United States, in the Territories trav-ersed by said
telegraph, shall use any available foice at their
command to protect the same."
The law requires thatour military commandcrs
in California or in Oregon or in Washington Ter-
ritory or in any other ofthe Territories through
which this telegraph wire shall be laid, shall use
the whole available military force within their
jurisdictions to see that this telegraph wire js
kept unharmed by the Indians, i do not think
that at this particular juncture we are prepared to
assume any such burden.
Mr. CHANDLER. It is only the force he may
happen to have at the spot where danger occurs.
Mr. GRIMES. It may not be convenient, to
bring1 up the whole force we may have in any one
of these military departments and use it for the
benefit of this company or the simple protection
of their property. It may be convenient to the
company; but there may be higher claims upon
us to protect the citzens of some of these Terri-
tories or States from the savages than to protect
