TO
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
as just fin appropriation as has ever been brought
beiote Congress.
i Love no objection that the bill shall be referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, as I understand that is the regular course
of legislation here, but I could not refrain from
giving my indorsement to the remarks which have
been made by my colleague in reference to the
merits of these claims, and the propriety of their
prompt payment by the passage of the appropri-
ation now asked.
Mr. HOLM AN. I desire to make a suggestion
in reference to this matter. There was a very
long report made by the commissioners to whom
these claims were referred under the act of Con-
gress, showing the amount found due to the vari-
ous classes of officers and soldiers, it seems to
me that the gentleman from Missouri, unless he
proposes to press .this measure to a very early
decision, ou^ht to consent that the report of the
commissioners should be printed for the consid-
eration of^he House.
Congress merely authorized the commissioners
to ascertain the amount due the claimants. They
have performed that duty, and it seems to me that
their report ought to be published before any ap-
propriation is.made. I wdl not make any motion
on the subject.; I merely call the attention of the
gentleman from Missouri to it.
Mr. BLOW. I would remark that we made a
strong-effort to have th<* report of the commis-
sioners printed and laid upon the desks of mem-
bers this morninir, hut it could not be done.
However, when we get into Committee of the
Whole, it will take but fifteen minutes to read the
report,and I crust the gentleman from Indiana and
my friend from Ohio will give fifteen minutes to
such an indent chum upon thus Congress.
Mr. COX. I suggest to the gentleman from
Missouri that he move to make thus bdl the special
order for to-morrow, and in the mean time have
those papers printed.
At the last session of Congress we appropriated
$100,000 to pay these Missouri soldiers, and if 1
remember rightly that was considered at the time
rather a large sum for the purpose. I was there-
fore somewhat surprised to find the amount of
ilits appropriation to be §700,000, making £>800,000
m al'.
The gentleman will undet stand that I make no
captious objection to his bill; but I think the
report had better be printed and examined, and
then his bill will probably go through with more
facility.
Mr. KA.SSON. There was a single fact that
appeared to the committee, to which reference has
not been mad'*, and which may satisfy the gen-
tleman from Ohio of the absence of the necessity
for printing this repoit. In the joint resolution,
which required the commissioners to report in
three months, there was tins clause: "wlieio-
upon" (that is, upon the leport of the commis-
sioners,) the amount found due by them shall be
paid;" in other words, the report of the commis-
sioners was made final.
That being the fart, the Committee of Ways
and Means found that there was nothing to do
except to make an appropriation to satisfy the
claims already established in accordance with the
preexisting law; and they therefore reported the
bill unanimously as a legal necessity.
Mr. COX. 1 suppose the gentleman from Iowa
knows that the $100,000 already appropriated has
been paid ?
Mr. KASSON. But the law itself required
absolutely the payment by the Secretory of War
upon the facts as found by the commission. There
is no question before Congress except to find what
the commission have reported to be due, and upon
that an appropiiation is to be made.
The question was then taken on Mr. Blow's
motion, and it was agreed to.
ENROLLMENT ACT.
Mr. SCHENCK asked unanimous consent to
report from the Committee on Military Affairs a
bill to repeal section three, and part of section ten,
of the act entitled "An act for enrolling and call-
ing out the national forces, and for other pur-
poses/' approved March 3, 1863,
Mr. HOLM AN called for the reading of the bill.
The bill was read. It repeals section three of
the act recited, and so much of section ten us pro-
vides for the separate enrollment of each class;
and it consolidates the two classes mentioned in
the third section of the act.
Mr. STILES. I object.
Mr. SCUENCK. i ask leave to make a brief
explanation on behalf of the committee.
Mr. STROUSE. i object.
VTAJi RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. WARD, by unanimous consent, presented
a series of icsolutions adopted at a war meeting
held in the city of New York; which were laid on
the table, and ordered to be printed.
CALL FOR RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. HOLMAN. I demand the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the call of States for resolutions, commencing
with the State of Kentucky, under which call bills
on leave may he presented.
REBEL STATES.
Mr. YEAMAN offered the following resolu-
tions, and moved the previous-question on their
adoption:
Resolved, That a conspiracy of persons, combined to-
gether, ami ashUimniaiie name of a State, or a confederation
of States, lor levying war upon the United States, or for
withdiawmg such States from the Union* does not extin-
guish the political tranchise> of the loyal citizens of such
States; and such loyal citizen? have the right, at anytime,
to administer, amend, oi establish a State government with-
out other condition than that it shall he lepubhcan in form.
'2. That a foimal return or readuiission of any State into
the Union is not necessary. It is sufficient that the
people, or tho^u who are loyal m any State, and qualified
by the election laws thereot in force before the rebellion,
shall, at any time, resume the functions of a State govern-
ment compatible with the Union, and with the Constitution
and laws ol tin; United States ; and doing this is sufficient
evidence ofloyaky for the purpose of doing it.
3. That alt questions touching property-rights and in-
terest^, arising out of confiscation and emancipation, and
the eti'ect and validity of any law, pioclamation, military
order, emergency of war, or act ot lebelhon, upon the title
to any piopeity,or upon the status of any persons, heretotore
held to ^erviee or labor in any State underthe laws thereof,
are left for the judicial deteiuunation of the courts of the
United States.
Mr.LOVEJOY. I hope the previous question
will not be seconded, and that the resolutions will
be referred to the special committee.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
The previous question was not seconded.
Mr.LOVEJOY. In ow move that the resolu-
tions be refened to tho select committee on the re-
bellious States; and on that motion I move the pre-
vious question.
Mr. YEAMAN. I hope the gentleman from
Illinois will withdraw the previous question, to
enable me to move an amendment to the motion
of leference.
Mr. LOVEJOY declined to withdraw the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation
the motion was agreed to.
Mr. LOVEJOY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolutions were referred; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
KENTUCKY CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. YEAMAN submitted, asa privileged ques-
tion, the motion'that the Committee of Elections
be authorized to summon Colonel J. W. Foster,
Goth Indiana mounted infantry, fourth cavalry bri-
gade, army of the Ohio, to testify on behalf ot
himself in the matter of the contested election now
pending before the House, wherein he [Mr. Yea-
mav] was the returned member for the second
congtcssional district of Kentucky, and J. H. Mc-
Henry was contestant.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I think that
that matter should be referred to the Committee
of Elections; and I move that it be so referred.
The motion was agreed to.
NATIONAL BANKRUPT ACT.
Mr. SPALDING moved the following reso-
lution, and demanded the previous question on
its adoption.*
Reiolved, That a seloetcommitteeof nine be constituted
to consider the subject of a national bankrupt act, and to
report thereon by bill or otherwise.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question oidered.
Mr. IIOLMAN. I move that the resolution
bo laid upon the table; and on that I call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were oidered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas G9, nays 86; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. James C. Alien, Aneon.t, Baily, Blaine,
Jacob B. Blair, Bliss, Broomali, William (J. Biown, Free-
man Claike, Co a* Cia\en*, Dawson, ]_)enni-on, Dumont,
Eden, 32dgerton, Eldridge, English, I'inck, (Jtider, Hale,
Hall, Harding, Harungton. Chailes M. Hani-*, Dolman,
Philip Johnson, William Johnson, Kn.ipp, Law, Lazear,
JjO Blond, Loan, Long, Marey, MeBiide, McCluig, Mc-
Kinney, iVFiddieton, Samuel F. Miller, William fl. Miller,
James R.Morris, Amos Myers, Noble, John O'Neill. Orth,
Patterson, Pendleton, Perham, Price, Samuel J. Randall,
Robinson, Rogers, Edward 1!. Itolhns, Ross, Scofield, Scott,
Smith, John B. Steele, William G. Steele, Stiles, Strong
Sweat, Tracy, Whatev, Wheeler, Chilton A. White, Jo-
seph W. White, and Wilson—69.
NAYS—Messrs Alley, Anderson, Arnold, Ashley, Au-
gustus C, Baldwin, John D. Baldwin, Beaman, Blow,
Boutwell, Boyd, Braudegee, Brook*, JamesS. Blown, Am-
brose W. Clark, Cobb, CofFroth, Cole, Creswell, Da\ve«,
Demimr. Dixon. Donnelly, Dugif4, lick ley, Eliot, Fatns-
woith, Fenton,Fiank, Gannon, Gooch, Gunnel!, ilcriick,
Ihgby, Hoopei, Ilotehkiss, Amabel W. Hubbaid, John H.
Hubbard, Hulbmd, Jenekes, Julian, Ka^son, Ke|Jey, Fran-
cis W. Kellogg, Orlando Kellogg. Kernan, King, Long-
year, Lovejoy, Marvin, McJndoe, IVlooihead, Morull,
Daniel Morns., Leonard Myers, NeNon, Norton, Odell,
Charles O'Neill, Perry, Pike, Radtoid, William H. Ran-
dall, Alexander II. Rice, John II Rice, Schenck,Shannon,
Sloan, Suuthers, Spalding, Stebbm-=, Stevens, Stuart,
Thayer, Thomas, Van Valkenburgh, Waid, Elihn B. Wash-
bin ix', William B. Washburn, Webster, William-, Wilder,
Wmdotn, Winfield, Fernando Wood, Woodbridge, and
Yeaman—86.
So the resolution was not laid upon the table.
During; the call of the roll,
Mr. BEAMAN stated that his colleague, Mr.
Upson, was still detained at his room by sickness.
Mr/MALLORY was stated to have paired otF
with Mr. Pomeroy.
The question recurred on the resolution, and it
was adopted.
Mr. SPALDING moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CONS9RIPTION ACT.
Mr. COX. I submit the following resolution,
and demandlhe previous question on its adoption:
Resolced, That the Committee on Military Afiaiis in-
quire into the expediency of a total repeal of the act of
March 3, 18GU, for enrolling and calling out the national
forces, and for other purposes; and that, in hen thereof,
they repoit a bill calling forth thy militia of the States to
" execute the laws of the Union, and to suppress niMiri ec-
'lion,'" in pursuance of the eighth section, article one, of the
Constitution \ and providing for the organization, aimnur,
disciplining, and governing of th« said miiitia, icserving
to the States respectively the appointment of the officer-,
and the authority of training the militia, aeeoiding to the
difCipline prescribed by Congress. Oi, if that be not ex-
pedient, that s-aid committee inquiic, further, into the ex-
pediency of repealing so much of haul act a- allows substi-
tutes, or exemption for money ; so that all citizens owing
allegiance shall be liable to serve the Government, without
regard to their pecuniary ability to obtain difcba/ge there-
from by the procuration of s-ub-titutes or the payment nf
money ; provided, however, that said sub-tituuon and ex-
emption shall not be repealed so far as it relate* to the
present call for troops in States where the law, under that
call, has not been executed.
The previous question was not seconded; there
being, on a division—ayes 41, noes 65.
Mr.LOVEJOY. I propose to debate that reso-
lution.
The SPEAKER. Then it goes over, under the
rules.
PUOVISIONAL MILITARY GOVERNMENTS.
Mr. ASHLEY introduced a bill to provide for
the establishment of provisional military govern-
ments over the districts of country declared by the
President's proclamation to be in rebellion against
the Government of the United States, and to au-
thorize the loyal citizens thereof to organize State
governments, republican in form, and for otlur
purposes; which was read a first and second.time,
and referred to the select committee on rebellions
States.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, objected to a
motion to print.
BUREAU OF MILITARY JUSTICE.
Mr. SCHENCIC introduced n bill to create a
Bureau of Military Justice; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
"WESTERN NAVY-YAJID.
Mr. HUTCHINSsubmitted the following reso-
lution :
Whereas the Piesldcnt of the United States. in hisiecent
message, recommends the establishment of a yard and dc-
