1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL (xLOBE.
2093
in the State, nor one whose word would weigh
more in determining a controversy. My friend
and colleague [Mr. Holman] will bear cheerful
testimony to this fact.
Mr. HOLMAN. I have known Mr. Roberts
intimately asreat many years—from his boyhood. j
He resides 1:1 my county; and I can fully indorse J
all that my colleague has said in reference to his
reputation and character. He is a man of un-
doubted integrity.
Mr. VOOKHEES. But as if a special provi-
dence was assisting in the explosion of this wicked
calumny, I am enabled to produce the following
statement which appears in the Indianapolis Jour-
nal, the State organ of the Republican party in In-
diana. I know Captain Osborn well, and he is
worthy of all confidence:
"He (Captain Osborn) is a resident of Gieencastle, and
well acquainted with both EckeN and Davis. He says while
General Ko-seeiaiis wa* lying alTullahoma last summer he
('Captain O.-honi) was at Nashville, and \va< there visited
by one Oliver Rankin, ot Greencastle, with whom he had
had some previous acquaintance. In the couiseof a con-
versation during his, vi^it, Itankin said to Captain 0>boin
that he intended to try to get thiouzh the lines into the rebel
army as a sou of 'outside' spv. Being asked how he m-
tend'ed 10 do it, lie said Geneial Ronecrans would pass hun
through, and ottee m the tebel lines he had letters that
would secure him good treatment. And he exhibited let-<
tors purporting to be introductions from John G. Davis and
Judge 1). ft. Eckels to General John C. JJieclunridge. 'If
you depend on tiio^e letters,' said the captain, 4 yon may
(indyoutseifm <i difficulty. They aiefoigenes. I know the
hand wilting of both Davis and Eckels well, and they never
wrote them.' Rankm then admitted that they had not, h «
that they were mutation* got up m thi* eity. He neverthe-
less declaied his intention to go on tlnough the lines. He
went down i-oon alter to Tullahoma to headquai ters, and
made h^ application to Genera! Roseerans for a pa--*. It
was peiemptoiily letu^ed, the general saymir with some
warmth, • I wiir'not have vom blood on my ^kiits.' ilan-
'kin then pioi«.-.-.ed to have some knowledge of the move-
ments of ihe rebel sympathized in this State, and to have
been in thou confidence, and he piopo&ed to coine back
heie and obtain e\ idenee upon \v Inch proceeding?* might he
haved :iganist them. At the same time he exhibited the
letters to Bieekinridgo as corioboi:it:n<.' evidence of his
statement. The matter was, as n might well be, deemed
of importance enough to mcr.it eonsidciation, and Geneial
Garfield look copies of the letter*, a^iie stated in the House
when they were lead. Rankm started back to Nashville
ostensibly lor Indiana, on his new illusion, and there again
called upon Captain CKbojn and gave him the account
which we have repotted of the interview with General
Rosccran*. The ne\f day. or soon after, he went South
instead of Noith, and piobably parsed the icbol line5!, but
mailing h.i- been ceitainly learned of hun since. He left
the ot iirinal- of th" letter with mhiic woman in Nashville,
but (-'aptaiti O-born did not know her name or residence.
"Tin- st.yenient. winch cannot be auctioned «-o i:n a< it
rests upon Captain Osborn'* Own knowledge, and the ma-
teria! poi turn of it docs, eonfii nis the statement ot Mr. ila\s,
and completely exonyiates Davi* and EekeH, and al*o it
exoneiates General Gar.fifld tiom any unpuiations of
using forged documents knowingly or caiele>-dy.j}
Here, sir, I may well pause and ask whether a
refutation was ever so complete as this* Did a
conspiracy to rum the characters and perhaps take
the lives of private citizens ever come to so shame-
ful and ignoble an end? Well may the Cincin-
nati Coinmeicial, u leading Republican paper of
the gentleman's own State, make the following
admission:
"John 0. Davit--, of Indiana, ex member of Congre^q
from the Terie Haute district, ha* telegraphed Mr. J). \V.
Vooriikhs that the letter ol intiodnotion putpoi ung to have
been wntteu by him to John C. Bteckinudge tor one Ran-
km, a copy of which was piodueed upon the tlooi of Con -
gre-s by Mr. Caupikld, is a forgcty. Tin* statement i>
continued bv Mr. J. Mel), iiaj-*, ;i cl"ik in Little's hole!,
indutnnpolH, who .-fate* that the lett< is in quernon were
1 to his know ledge5 wiuten at the de.-k tn th" otfiee of Int-
t)e'  hotel, lie s;i\s, < I ■.,!«' them wutten and lead them
altei chey weie wi litem Neillu-i John (i Davis 1101 iJ. LI.
Eckels had anv p.ntieipat ion In ot knowledge of tin* matter
whatevet.' Mt. J. MeD. Hays, we understand, ha i e.-pect-
able youngman, and lu-s positive testimony may be accepted
as conclusive."
But, Mr. Speaker, in addition to all this evidence
so conclusive m us character, there is still one
further fact more overwhelming, if possible, to
the minds of those who are acquainted with these
parties, than all others. It will be remembered
that the gentleman from Ohio withheld the name
of this spy upon the introduction of these letters
here. I consequently had no means of knowing
who he was till I saw his name in the public
prints. It is a very familiar name to me. I know
Orville S. Rankin,knew his father and his grand-
father before him, and when I saw it gravely stated
that he had procured confidential letters of intro-
duction from John G. Davis and DelanaR. Eck-
els to John C. Breckinridge, of a character which
placed their lives and fortunes in his hands, it be-
came a question in my mind whether the infamy
or the absurdity of the statement preponderated.
He is a young man who was raised from his in-
fancy in Greencastle, a close neighbor to Judge
Eckels. He is violently opposed, politically, to
both these gentlemen, and they as well know it
as I do. He could no more deceive eitherone of
them in regard to his views than I could deceive
this*House in regard to mine; nor would it be
any more reasonable or less ridiculous for him to
approach one of them for such a letter as is here
produced than it would be for me to approach
the gentleman from Ohio for a letter of introduc-
tion to Edwin M. Stanton recommending that I
should obtain a contract by which to plunder the
Government. He would have been spurned from
their presence, and most likely with blows. And,
sir, these important facts could all have been as
well known by the gentleman from Ohio as they
are by me if he had simply written to any intel-
ligent member of his own party residing in Green-
castle before he made himself responsible fortius
charge on the floor of this House. There is not
an honest man in all the county of Putnam, of
which Greencastle is the county seat, but what
would have assured him that he would become
the subject of mockery and ridicule in taking the
course he has. Oiviile S. Rankin obtaining let-
ters from Delana R. Eckels and John G. Davis
to enable him to enter the service of the rebels!
If it were not for the grave consequences of such
a charge it might- wel^ be regarded as the most
stupendous jest of this joking and jesting Ad-
ministration.
A word or two now in regaid to this young man
Rankin. Ho is said to have been a good officer,
and as such I commend him. But there is deep
and damning villainy somewhere in this infamous
transaction. I have, proved beyond the possibil-
ity of a doubt that Rankin forged these letters and
made no disguise of that fact. On the contrary,
he left living witnesses to the forgery at Indian-
apolis when he started South. He knew their
fraudulent character could be-proved by Hays
and Hyde, whose statements 1 have produced.
He also knew that Captain Osborn was in evi-
dence against him. Yet, knowing all this, he re-
turns to the army of the Cumberland, according to
the statement of the gentleman from Ohio, and
there in the confidential character of a spy submits
to him these acknowledged forgeries,assureshim
that they are genuine, and leaves copies in his
hands to be used for the ruin of jMr. Davis and
Judge Eckels. He dues this, too, after assuring
Mr. Hays that he intended to destroy these forged
documents after they had seived his purpose in
saving his life, perhaps, if arrested as a spy in the
rebel lines. Such an actof baseness and perfidy,
sir, is without a parallel for atrocity m design or
cool and hardened rascality in the execution.
From my knowledge of young Rankin and his
family it would be wholly incredible if 1 had not the
word of a member of this House to its truth. The
publication of these letters has most likely cost
Rankin his life. Ifheisin the rebel lines, as stated
by the gentleman from Ohio, they will lead to his
execution as a spy. While this is a poor return
for a general to make to his spy, sent by him on
this perilous duty, yet there will be less sympa-
thy felt by all honest men for his fate than if he
had not thus attempted to ruin two honorable men
who had never wronged him by word, thought,
or deed.
And now, Mr. Speaker, it will be remembered
that I fully indorsed Mr. Davis and Judge Eckels
as men of character, honor, and patriotism when
they were first assailed in this House. I stated
that they were incapable of this treachery to the
Government under which they lived. Fortius
I have been bitterly denounced by a servile and
mendacious press. 1 now, however, repeat what
I then said. I know these gentlemen well and
have known them long. Jud^e Eckels has'been
a leading lawyer in Indiana for thirty years. Fie
was on the bench when I came to the bar, and I
made one of my first appearances when a mere
boy in his court. From that hour to this 1 have
admired his keen and poweiful intellect, and the
fidelity of his nature. He served with distinc-
tion on the bench of the Federal judiciary for
some years, and in every position in life has
proved himself an able friend of the Constitution
and laws. He does not believe that the best way
of preserving the Constitution is to destroy it.
He abhors the destructive policy by which thfe'
party now in power brought on the war of sec*
tions in which we are engaged, and he has "no
hope of uuion, liberty, or peace while that pafty
retains its seat of power, In these views, sir, I
am his faithful Representative.
Mr. Davis, sir, is no stranger in this House. He
was my immediate predecessor-, and served h£re
with honor to himselfartdusefulnesstothecoim* '
try for eight years. Who has left behind' him
here upon retiring to private life a more ufrblefti-
ished reputation than John G. Davis? Whoever
breathed upon his i ntegrit y as a legislator ? W hose
word was more binding upon all who knew him ?
Who displayeda sounder or more practical talent
for business, or abler or more patriotic views of
the duties of statesmanship? There are many
gentlemen here now on this floor who will bear
testimony to the estimate which I place upon his *
character. And it will be a deep gratification fof
him to know that of all those who ouce'served
with him not one have I heard of, without re-
gard to politics, but what has expressed his dis-
belief of this charge. His great common sense,
for which he is proverbial, as well as his attach-
ment to the laws of his country, alike forbid such
conduct on his part. Mr. Davis is an excellent
judge of men, and has been honored by the peo-
ple with official station almost continuously for
thirty years, from very early youth to the full
meridian of life. In every station to which he
has been called he has displayed striking ability,
unsullied honor, unquestioned courage, and*a
will and energy that have seemed at times to court
obstacles for the pleasure of overcoming them.
His political views, however, are not those of the
majority of this' Hou«e. But they are mine, and
I will defend them on all proper occasions.
Sir, these are the men whose destruction is
sought by the felon's art and the forger's talent.
It is no common game against which the gentle-
man from Ohio has flown hisunhooded falcon of
detraction and slaughter. He has used his high
eminence from which to hurl his poisoned javelin
at the breasts of private citizens of approved woith
and tried reputations. It has, however, fallen
harmless to the ground. 1 pick it up and send it
back, andifitfails to transfix thegentleman from
Ohio in public odium it will be because of his
prompt retraction and reparation—all the justice
which he now has in his power to make.
Sir, I*will dwell but little longer on this matter.
The injury was inflicted on Mf. Davis and Judge
Eckels here,and here it must be corrected. They
have both been arraigned before the country,
throughout all its length and breadth, as criminals
of the darkest hue. whether even this ample vin-
dication will overtake and correct a falsehood so
delicious to the Republican party, is a matter of
doubt. Every paper,great and small, in the in-
terestofthat prosoriptive party has published and
emblazoned this charge for party purposes. How-
few will ever notice the fact that their capital was
obtained by forgery !
We have all expei ienced this evil. A calumny
once started lias the wingsof the wind, and its dark
pinions never tire. One moment you think yon
liave struck it down forever, but in an instant after,
like the bat in the room at night, it starts up and
flutteri-with its clammy and disgusting features
m your very face. This has been my fate ever
since 1 entered public life. This maybe the fate
of the gentlemen who have been the victims of
this forgery. I see it stated in the papers that
there is no doubt but that I have written similar
letters. I am prepared to hear them read any day.
The only wonder is that it has not been, done
before. It has been persistently asserted by the
abolition press that the Democratic party is trea-
sonable and its members are traitors. This'isa
monstrous lie, of course, but it is necessary to
prove it; and. whatever of forgery, perjury, and
subornation of perjury is found necessary for that
purpose will be forthcoming. Doubtless many
good people will always believe that McClellan
had a secret interview with Lee after the battle of
Antietam. It was published from ocean to ocean,
but with what a snail'space does the truth follow
the falsehood 1 In view of such instances I am
sometimes discouraged as I look on the conflict
which is perpetually waging between truth and
error. A few days since in glancing at an article
in one of our monthlies I found a description of
