1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the telegraph wire of this rich corporation to
which, 1 understand, the benefit of this grant is
to mure.
Mr. CHANDLER. The bill, as I stated when
I was up, proposes to give either a steamer or
sailing vessti, at the discretion of the Secretary
of the Navy, fur the purpose.
Mr. GRIMES. It is not at his direction; it
eaya expressly, " is authorized and instructed."
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 said either a steamer or
a sailing: vessel at the discretion of the Secretary
of the Navy. He is to furnish either a sailing
vessel or a steamer at his discretion, whichever
he prefers. Of course he is instructed to furnish
either a steamer or a sailing vessel for this pur-
pose. I stated that fairly at the outset. That is
what it does propose to do. That is what I be-
lieve this nation would be derelict if itdid not do.
The question being taken by yeas and nays, re-
sulted—yeas 17, nays 17; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Brown, Carlilc,Clark, Fessender^Foot,
Grimes, Hale, Harlan, Jlcndiicks, Johnson, Lane of Indi-
ana. Powell, Riddle, Saulsburv, Ten Eyck, Van Wmkle,
and Wilson—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Chandler, Conness, Dixon, Doolittle,
Foster, Hairis, Hicks, Hoivaid, Howe, Lane of Kansas,
Moi«an, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Itichardson, Spia«ue,Suinner,
and Wilkinson—17.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Bnokaiew, Collamer, Cow-
an, Davis, Harding, Henderson, McUougall, Morrill, Nes-
mitli, Sherman,Trumbull, Wade, Wiiley, and Wright—15
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BROWN. I offer an amendment to come
in at the end of the first section:
Provided, That the lands thus&et apart for said telegraph
company shall always hp kept open to settlement and oc-
cupancy, and shall he sold to actual settlers in quantities
not exceeding one hundred and sixty acre-, each, ;u prices
not exceeding $1 25 an acre, under regulations to be estab-
lished by the Department of the Interior, and patents shall
not issue except to the nctual purchaser, on piuofof pay-
ment and compliance with this provMou.
The donations that are given to this company
are in quarter sections. My object is to prevent
the making of a land monopoly out of this com-
pany. I desire that if we are to give them the
benefit of these lands, while we do so we shall
also give the actual settlers of the country the
benefit of settling them; in other words, that we
shall retain the principle of preemption as far as
practicable, and sim ply give the company the ben-
efit of the money accruing from the sales. My
object is to prevent, in other words, a monopo-
lizing of the choice sites and locations along the
whole of this route and consolidating them into
a great land company upon which to make a bank-
ing operation. 1 am opposed to that system, and
therefore move this amendment.
Mr. CE3ANDLER. If the Senator was pres-
ent when the amendment was offered by the Sen-
ator from New Jersey he would have seen that
it is simply the use of a quarter section for a sta-
tion once in fifteen miles that is granted. They do
not own one foot. The word was originally " do-
nated, " but that was a mistake. We do not in-
tend to donate them one foot, but we grant them
the use of a quaiter section for their station, and
for other purposes.
Mr. BROWN. In perpetuity?
Mr. C HANDLER. As long as they keep up
the telegraph.
Mr. BROWN. I do n6t see much difference
between the use in perpetuity and a donation.
Mr. CHANDLER. It can never be sold or
any other use made of it except for a station. 1
do not see any object in the amendment.
Mr. HARLAN. I should like to hear that
part of the bill read with the amendment which
has heretofore been adopted.
Mr. CHANDLER. Prom line nineteen.
The Secretary. Aa amendment has been
made in line nineteen of section one, to strike out
" donated" and insert " grantedto strike out
the word " oiu" and insert" the use;" so that the
clause will read:
\nd fot lhe purpose of establishing and maintaining said
line* and the Matinns nceessary rb  the repair and working
theieof th'-re is herebj granted to said parties the use oi
such' ui'appiopriaied lands, not exceeding one quarter sec-
tion for each tilteen miles of hue conducted, &c.
Mr BROWN. I was not aware that this bill
had been so changed, and with the permission of
the Senate I will withdraw my amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment is withdrawn.
Mr. BROWN. I now ofter the following
amendment to come ill at the end oi section tliree:
Proi'idrtlJurtker, That it shall not bo competent tor the
owners or operators of said telegraph line to make any con-
tract for the exclusive transmission of dispatcheBfi-om any
newspaper or uewspapei associations uptm term-- different
from those open to the enjoymentot all other newspapers;
and in the event of any violation of this provision it sball
be the duty of the Secretary ot the Treasury, upon proof
thereof, to withhold the payment that may be coining to
said parties from the Treasuiy of the United States.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have no objection to
that.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to have that
modified and changed, so as to majte it.apply to
the company that wehave already got established
across to the Pacific coast.
Mr. CONNESS. I can say to the Senator that
there is a bill now pending in the Senate on that
subject.
Mr. GRIMES. Very well.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I move in the fourth line of
the second section, on the 3d page, to strike out
the words " and instructed," and to insert inlieu
thereof the words " if in his judgment the public
interest will be promoted thereby;" so as to read,
"the Secretary of the Navy is authorized, if in
his judgment the public interest will be promoted
thereby, to detail for the use of the surveys and
soundings," &c.
Mr. CHANDLER. This clause is in,the usual
form, and I hope the amendment will not prevail.
Mr. GRIMES. Our Navy, I supposed, was
built for war purposes, and not for commercial
purposes or for laying down telegraph lines, and
if there is any time when we do need it we need
it now on our coast and in our rivers for hostile
purposes, and not for this purpose. This section
provides that the Secretary of the Navy shall
have authority to detail either a steam vessel or
a sailing vessel; but the concoctors of this bill
knew that no vessel would be of the slightest avail
there except a steam vessel, and that one of a su-
perior quality. You cannot send a sailing vessel
around Cape Horn with the material that it is re-
quired to carry for this company and get it there
under nine months from the time that she sails
from some Atlantic port to be able to deliver it
there. Therefore I suppose it was the intention
of these parties that the Secretary of the Navy
should be required to send a steamer—a steamer
of very large capacity she must be, too—in order
to carry this telegraphic wire, for she is compelled
according to the terms of this bill to tranjrport
the " materials connected therewith." This bill
would require her to carry not only the wire from
the Atlantic ports around to this place, but it
would require her to be the carrier of the poles to
either side of the St. Lawrtnce island, or to either
side of the straits.
If we are going to give this company the right
to build this line and pay them $50,000, do so,
and I am perfectly content that the Secretary of
the Navy, if in his judgment he deems the public
interest will be promoted thereby, shall send a
vessel theie to make surveys and soundings.
That is legitimate; that pertains to the commerce
of the country, although it is on the coast of a
foreign nation, and it is fair that if we can detail
a vessel at this time for that purpose that we
should do a fair proportion toward making
charts, laying down the soundings of waters other
than those that appertain to our shores,&c. But
when you ask the Government to send a vessel
from the Atlantic or fiom San Fiancisco to the
North Pacific to tiansport all the material that
may be necessary to be canied for this company,
as well as to make soundings and to lay the cable
itself, and to do this in a time of war when you
are constantly making complaints because you
have not vessels enough on your coast, it is
asking a little too much, Mr. 1 resident. It is
enough for these men to put their hands into the
Treasury and take our money, and not take our
Navy and make us build vessels for them.
Mr. CHANDLER. It is well known that we
have a Pacific squadion. A small vessel can be
detached ftom that Pacific squadron, I appre-
hend, without any senousdetrirnentto the public
• service. This vessel might just as well be up at
| Behring's straits, where we have hundreds ot
whale ships, as anywhere else. I do not think
the public interest can be injured at all by de-
taching a small vessel from tlie Pacific squadion
for this purpose. . ,
Mr GRIMES. If that be so, leave it to the
Secretary of the Navy. Why do you want to re-
quire him to do it? Let him judge whether it caa
be safely done or not. I am willing to lea.ve tins
clause so that he shall be authorized,to do it,; but
it might not be, safe to take away all the vessels
from Panama and San Francisco and other jioirrts
along the coast at this time. You may have the
mostefficient vessel that belongsHo that squadron
up two thousand miles north of the place where
she ought to be, and then if a misfortune shoulij
befall our arms,whataclamor would be raised be-
cause the Secretary of the Navy did not have his
vessel whereitQughttoha.ve,beeii;snd how masay
men would there be who would excuse him for
not having ittherebecauseCongressby a.solemn
act of legislation had required him to send off,that
vessel and assist in laying the telegraph wire for
this company?
Mr. CHANDLER. I do not know what ser-
vice the Pacific squadron has performed for the
last three years. I imagine one of the ships from
that squadron can very readity be detailed with-
out detriment to the public welfare.
Mr. CONNESS. 1 have noLbeen charged with
any of the care of this bill,and yet I feel agreat
interest in it. It appears to me that, the honor-
able Senator from Iowa, if he will excuse me, is
rather narrow in his views on this question. Why
shall we, as the legislative, body of the United
States, determine that the construction of this
work shall be aided if, in his judgment, the Sec-
retary of the Navy shall determine that it requires
aid? Why shall we do that? Why shall we del-
egate that act to the Secretary of the Navy? Be-
cause he stands at the head of that Department.
I think it is a question as to whether we shall aid
this workornot; and,that question being determ-
ined, it is proper for us to say whether that aid or
a part of it shall consist in a public vessel being
placed at the disposition of this company for the
performance of the service required in the con-
struction of this work.
I have been astonished while I have listened to
this discussion thatgentlemen from the East,gen-
tlemen directly interested in the great whaling
interest, should hesitate a single moment to exr
tend a reasonable degree of aid for the purpose of
putting their whaling ships indirect connection
with their owners in the East. They are not in
connection with them now. They cannot connect
with them nearer than San Francisco. It appears
to me that we are dealing rather illiberally, or pro-
posing to deal rather ungenerously,in connection
with this great international work to put a tele-
graph cable nrountWhe world. Very well spoken
it was a while since by the honorableSenator that
has this bill in charge, when he said that we sent
one of our greatest national ships to aid in laying
the Atlantic telegraph. There never was such a
jubilee in the nation as the celebration of Unsuc-
cessful laying of that cable; there was never such
a proud step of material progress up to that time
as was then made; and there never have been
deeper regrets expressed by the American public
at large than upon the unfortunate failure of that
cable.
Ao-ain, American capital, American genius,
European capital, European genius, are engaged
in an effort to relay that cable and make it a suc-
cess. It is shrewdly suspected by some that we
aie making a mistake in the effort .we aie making
to lay a cable from the kingdom of Great Britain
to its transatlantic territory; and that notwith-
standing any contract or promise that they make
to us, ill case of war they will use it against us,
and I am very much inclined to think it is true.
Nay, not very much inclined, but I have no doubt
they would do it in an instant. Is it not import-
ant in that ease that we should have communica-
tion with the European world by another means .
Mr. BROWN. This will go to the British
possessions.  
Mr. CONNESS. So it will, but it will go
through a part of the British possessions that at
the first sound of the tocsin of war we should
seize and make our own. We would seize it by
the strong arms that are now concentrating and
gathering on the entire Pacific coast, and it woulu
not be in the power of England to prevent the
seizuiu We cannot seize the transatlantic tel-
egraph. Shall we be then placed at the mercy
of Gieat Britain in the event of war, where our
commerce and ourselves would be subjected to
ail its dire calamities, without.giving us this grvat
expedient and means? Shall we deal—Senators
