1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
self-sustaining; and it was upon the very ground
that we would supply them with clerks from these
consular pupils that we refused to increase their
salaries as applied for by almost every consul we
have abroad. We rejected all those applications,
I believe, except three. I think we recommended
an increase of the salaries of three consuls, where
the business had increased almost a hundred fold,
and where heretofore the expenses very much ex-
ceeded the whole receipts of the office. I think
we recommended an increase of the salary of the
consul at Nassau, for reasons which are obvious
to every in dividual; at Manchester, where the busi-
ness has increased, as I said before, a hundred
fold; and at Lyons.
1 am informed by the Secretary of the Treasury
that this new method of certification has greatly
benefited the Treasury. Probably, while we re-
ceived but one hundred or one hundred and fifty
thousand dollars in excess of our former receipts
from consular fees, in its benefit to the Treasury
it amounts to millions.
I" trust that no objection will be made to this
amendment. It is certainly a small matter, but,
in my estimation, a very important one. I hope
it will be adopted.
■Mr. JOHNSON. The act of 1856 always
seemed to me to be an extraordinary law, and it
soon went out of favor with Congress, for I think
it was repealed in the succeeding session. That
act provided for the appointment of consular pu-
pils notexceedingtwenty-fivein number,and the
expense of the suppoeedLeducation they were to
receive was to be $1,00CTa year. If we now re-
vive that act and twenty-five of them are ap-
pointed, as there will bein all human probability,
we shall have to pay $25,000 in coin.
But the mere expense is not my principal ob-
jection. What are these boys to be taught? How
are they to be taught?
Mr. CHANDLER. They are toact as clerks.
At present the clerks employed are generally of
foreign birth, and in case of the sickness or death
of the consul there is frequently no American
there. Now we provide a consular clerk. They
are called consular pupils, but they are really con-
sularclerks, and it is not proposed to give them
more than we are paying to-day. They are to
learn the language; they are to fit themselves for
the position; and m case of the death of the con-
sul they will be prepared and ready to step m
and perform the functions of the office until an-
other consul can be appoin-ted.
Mr. JOHNSON. { understand it, sir. Then
they are to be taught what it is supposed advisa-
ble to teach them, particularly for the fact that
they are to act as clerks to the existing consuls;
and that is all.
Mr. CHANDLER. Certainly, that is all.
Mr. JOHNSON. Who teaches the consuls?
What kind of men have we got in those positions?
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 suppose they take it by
intuition.
Mr. JOHNSON. I doubt very much whether
the education these young men will receive from
these consuls—I do not speak disparagingly of
the present incumbents of these offices; but such
incumbents as are generally to be found in these
offices—will be of any value to the Government.
The whole effect of the law in my judgment is to
provide a clerk to each consul. You may call
him a pupil as much as you please, but the whole
opeiation of the lawis to give these consuls a
clerk. Now we are about, and have this morning
to a certain extent, at the instance of my friend
from Maine, [Mr. Morrill,] speaking fot the
Commiffenon Commeice, increased the salatiesof
some of these consuls. That was to enable them
to pay the expenses to which they are now sub- j
jected. They can get clerks for a thousand dol- 1
lars, or less, I suppose, there. We cannot send j
our boys there for less than a thousand dollars, I
But when they are taught all that they can learn, j
what use will th^y be to us ? If they become ac- ;
complished, as some of them may be because of
their peculiar talents, how long will we have their
services ? They can demand employment abroad
at once from merchants that will pay them a great
deal more than we can pny them.
The complaint has been from the beginning of
the Government up to the present time that we
do not pay to these consuls enough even to support
them. Those places are sought for, or have been
sought for in the past, principally because they
ar$ connected with some mercantile business in
which the consuls were to engage; but as mere
official places, coupled with salaries, there never
was a time when these consuls could support
themselves out of their salaries, according to their
statement. The result \yili be in the future as it
has been in the past; the moment these boys be-
come at all versed in the matters connected with
the business of a particular consulate, they will
become merchants and they will leave your em-
ploy; youwill have to send twenty-five more, and
$25,000 more will be spent; and so on from time
to time; and in the end all the benefit that the
country will have will be that they have furnished
each consul with a clerk at the expense of the
Government,an expense which theconsuls them-
selves have heretofore always paid.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator's argument,
if good, goes too far. He says that you will edu-
cate these men at the public expenset and you
have no assurance that after you have educated
them they will not leave the Government employ.
Sir, while you are educating them you are mak-
ing them earn the cost of their education. You
are paying them no more than you would pay
any other clerks. But for this recommendation
of twenty-five clerks or consular pupils—call them
what you please—we certainly should have rec-
ommended an increase of the salaries of certain
consuls to thatextent; but instead of recommend-
ing an increase of salaries, we recommend the
appointment of these pupils.
Now, X ask the Senator from Maryland what
assurance we have, after we have educated a
young man at West Point at an expense of I do
not know how much, but for four years, that he
will be at our service when we require him? After
we have educated a man in the Naval Academy
at a very large expense, what assurance have we
he will not resign and go into business, or into
any other pursuit of life? There you receive no
equivalent whatever." You spend a great deal of
money for a given purpose, and after you have
got through you have got no greater assurance
than you have in the case of these consular pu-
pils. In the one case the education is an absolute
gratuity, and in the othercase your consular pupil
has earned every single dollar that you have paid
him; and you have an experienced American to
take the place of your consul in case of his death
or serious sickness. I think the argument, if it
is good at all, goes too far.
Air. SUMNER. I understood the chief ob-
jection of the Senator from Maryland to this prop-
osition was, that we might educate these young
men at the national expense, and very soon after-
wards lose them; in other words, not get our
money back again. In the first place, it is very
easy, it seems to me, by regulations at the State
Department before these appointments are made
to provide against any such contingency; and I
'understand that Mr. Marcy, indefatigable and in-
genious as the Senator remembers very well he
was, did by a series of regulations most carefully
provide for this very case. Should we now re-
turn to the oiiginul law, the Secretary of State
would have only to revive those original regula-
tions of one of his most distinguished predeces-
sors. I believe this is a sufficient answer to the
Senator.
But the Senator from Michigan has already
answered him in another way when he asked,
very pertinently, what assurance have we that
we shall enjoy the services of the cadets that we
are rearing at West Point, or, again, that we are
rearing at Newport? I know there are certain
rcqunements of service applicable to them; but
the Senator knows very well that nothing is more
common than for cadets—especially military—to
pass immediately from that education which they
have received at the expense of their country,
into occupations which serve only to their private
advantage.
Mr. JOHNSON. That is with the consent of
the Government. The Government accepts their
resignations.
Mr. SUMNER, Very well. What is to hinder
the establishment of regulations at the Depart-
ment of State requiring the preliminary consent
of the Government before these pupils shall be
released—in short, to hold them by some terms
of contract for a cettain term? But let n f* suy
that, unlike cadets, these pupils will give to the
Government valuable service even while pupils.
But, sir, passing from those considerations, al-
low me to ask the attention of the Senate to this1
proposition merely for one minute m twoaspects:
the first as it is a carrying out of the consular atfd
diplomatic statute of the United States; and the
second as it is in the nature of an educational pro-
vision calculated to benefit our consular service
abroad.
In the first aspect, the Senate will bear inmind
that down to 1856 we had no general diplomatic $
and consular statute embodying all that concerned
our service abroad. The whole matter in that
year went under a thorough review, and the re-
sult was the statute which is now in our books,
determining grades, adjusting safaries, and, in one
word, systematizing the whole subject. Let the
character of the Statute be borne in mind. But
this statute which aimed to be a complete system
contained the provision for consular pupils.
Now, sir, at that time and by that statute pur
consular salaries were adjusted to this very pro-
vision of consular pupils. The one was in the
nature of a complement to the other. Thesalaries
were made lower than they otherwise would have
been in certain cases, because the consuls were to
be aided by pupils with a compensation fixed by
the statute. But the provision for pupils was re-
pealed shortly afterwards, indeed before the ex-
periment had been tried,without, however, raising
the consular salaries to a corresponding degree.
But it seems clear that something must be done
now. You must do one of two things: either
raise the consular salaries, or appoint consular
pupils. Otherwise the original idea of thestatute
fails, and our system is defective.
But, sir, this seems to me to be th§ least im-
portant aspect of the subject. A mere question
of salary, or, if you please, of system in the stat-
ute, is trivial to my mind by the side of that other
consideration to which Senators have already al-
luded. I said that this was to be recognized as
belonging to an educational system for the ad-
vancement of our service abroad. I do not think
you can exaggerate itsimportancein thatrespect.
Letanyone who has been abroad, or had personal
acquaintance with those who have been abroad,
bear testimony to the ignorance which prevails in
almost every office of our country abroad from
the circumstance that there is nobody there, un-
less he be a hired foreigner, acquainted with the
language, the laws, or the usages of the people
about him. Sir, it has been always a crying
shame that our offices abroad, whether consular
or diplomatic, were served in this inferior way.
Here now is a practical proposition applying to
a certain extent a remedy. It is simple and di-
rect. It seems to me that it cannot fail to be of
considerable advantage. The business of these
offices will be better done, and there will be a staff
of educated persons, familiar with foreign life,
whose knowledge and experience, even if not
always in the service of Government, will pass
into the capital stock and resources of the coun-
try. Nothing is clearer than that the education
of the people is a source of national wealth; ay,
sir, of national power.
But the Senator from Vermont says that edu-
cation is needed much more in the diplomatic
service than in the consular service. Granted; it
is needed very much in the diplomatic service;
but because it is needed there, is that any reason
why we should not undertake to supply it here?
The argument, it seems to me, was hardly worthy
of the aptitude which that Senator always brings
into debate. Let a proposition be brought for-
ward to create an educational system applicable
to our diplomatic representatives and then we will
entertain it. Meanwhile let us acton the propo-
sition that is before us, which, I submit, is emi-
nently practical in its character. Who are our
consuls? They are not diplomatic or political
agents in the common sense of the term; they are
commercial agents. To discharge their duties fitly
they should be familiar with the interests of com-
merce, how commerce is conducted, and the lan-
guage which it employs where they happen to be.
And permit me to say that a great country like
ours, one of whose chief souiees of wealth and of
grandeur m the world is commerce, must not hes-
itate to supply the necessary education in order
to secure commercial representatives abroad who
shall not be unworthy of the country they rep-
lesent.
As the consul is a commercial representative,
