1118
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 15,
he is on this account especially the agent of a com-
mercial country, If ourcommerce wereless, our
interest in having good consuls would be less.
But with the surpassing growth of ourcommerce
this interest increases. To send abroad consuls
who are without proper education, must necessa-
rily bring our national character into disrepute,
and jeopard also the concerns intrusted to them.
For the sake of our good name abroad, which is
a part of our national possessions, and also for the
sake of those vast commercial concerns which
encircle the globe, I hope that this proposition,
which is a small beginning in the right direction,
will not be rejected.
Mr. NESMITH. It seems to be evident that
this bill will not be disposed of to-day, and I un-
derstand it is important to have an executive ses-
sion. I therefore move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like very much
to finish this bill to-day if I can. I think wo had
better go on and finish it.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. It is almost fo*jr
o'clock now.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The motion was agreed to; and after some time
spent in the consideration of executive business,
the doors were reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, March 15,1864.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. William Young Brown.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
GRADES OF NAVAL OFFICERS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Navy, trans-
mitting, in compliance with the resolution of the
House, the report of the advisory board to estab-
lish and equalize the grades of line officers of the
United States Navy, together with the instruc-
tions given to said board; which was referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs, and ordered to
be pnnted.
ALMOND D. FI£K, DECEASED.
Mr. COBB. I ask the unanimous consent to
take from the Speaker's table Senate bill No. 112,
for the relief of the hens of Almond D. Fisk, de-
ceased.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do  ot ob-
ject if there be a general order to take up and
refer ail the bills on the Speaker's table from the
Senate.
Mr. McBRIDE. I object.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object then
to taking up any particular bill for reference.
The SPEAKISR. The gentleman from Oregon :
can state the bill he wants reserved from refer- i
ence.
Mr. McBRIDE. I want Senate bill No. 25, to
authorize the President to negotiate a treaty with
the Klamath, Modoc, and other Indian tribes in
southeastern Oregon, reserved from reference.
The SPEAKER. Objection being withdrawn,
the House will proceed to the consideration of
business upon the Speaker's table for reference
only.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I understand
that Senate bill No. 112 is for extending a patent,
and I objcct to its reference unless it is agreed
that it shall not come back on a motion to recon-
sider. I am utterly opposed to the extension of
any patent.
Mi. COBB. I do not object to that agreement.
The SPEAKER then laid before the House
joint resolutions and bills from the Senate upon
the Speaker's table; winch were referred as indi-
cated below.
CHARLES P. CURTIS.
Joint resolution referring the case of ChailesP,
Cuitis to the Court of Claims; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
MARGARET M. STAFFORD.
The next bill taken up was Senate bill No. 139,
for the relief of Margaret M. Stafford, widow of
Reuben Stafford, of Coshocton county, Ohio;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
B. C. BAILEY. ;
The next bill was Senate bill No. 48, for the
relief of B. C. Bailey; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee of
Claims.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
The SPEAKER next laid before the House
Senate amendments to the Post Office appropria-
tion bill; which were referred to the Committee
of Ways and Means.
CHARLES A. PITCHER.
The next was Senate joint resolution No. 30,
for the relief of Charles A. Pitcher; which was
read a first and second time.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I ask that that bill be
put on its passage.
The SPEAKER. That cannot be done. The
joint resolution will be reserved.
IMMIGRATION.
The next bill was Senate bill No. 123, to en-
courage immigration; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the select committee
on the subject.
TREATY "WITH OREGON INDIANS.
The next was Senate bill No. 25, to authorize
the President to negotiate a treaty with the Kla-
math, Modoc, and other Indian tribes in south-
eastern Oregon.
Mr. McBRIDE. I ask that that bill be re-
served.
FRENCH SHIP LA MANCIIE.
The next was Senate bill No. 142, for the relief
of the owners of the French ship La Manche;
which \yas read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
CHARTER OF WASHINGTON CITY.
The next bill was Senate bill No. 126, to amend
an act to incorporate the inhabitants of the city
of Washington, passed May 15,1821); which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee for the District of Columbia.
POST OFFICE LAWS.
The next was Senate bill No. 158, in addition
to an act to amend the laws relating to the Post
Office Department, approved March 3, 1863.
Mr. ALLEY. I ask that that be reset ved.
STEAMER MOHAWK.
The next was Senate joint resolution No. 31,
imthorj&injr the issue of a register to the steamer
Mohawk; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
HENRY P. BLANC1IARD.
The next, was Senate bill No. 53, for the relief
of Henry P. Ulanchard; which was read u first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Foreign Affairs.
MISSISSIPPI RAILROAD COMPANY.
The next was Senate bill No. 3, making a grant
of lands to the Lake Supuior and Mississippi
Railroad Company, in the State of Minnesota, to
aid in the construction of the railroad of said
company from St. Paul to Lake Superior.
Mr. COBB. I ask that that be reserved.
ALMOND D. FISK, DECEASED.
The next was Senate bil! No. 112, for the relief
of the heirs of Almond D. Fisk, deceased; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Patents.
FRANKING PRIVILEGE.
Mr. ALLEY. I ask unanimous consent to
take up and put on its passage Senate bill No.
158, m addition to an act to amend the laws re-
lating to the Post Oiiice Depaitment, approved
March 3, 18G3.
Under existing laws, the President and Vice
Piesidcrit do not en joy the fu II benefit of the frank-
ing privilege to that extent which members of the
Senate and of the House do; It was the inten-
tion of Congress of course that they should have
the full benefit of it in the same manner and to the
same extent as Congress. They are now unable
to receive the letters which are directed to them,
unless marked " official business," without being
obliged to pay double postage m cases where the
parties sending the letters neglect to pay it. In
frequent instances they have been obliged to pay
this double postage in order to obtain the letters
sent.
No objection being made, the bill was brought
before the House for consideration, and was read
the first and second time by its title.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
their Secretary, announced to the House that the
Senate had passed a bill (H. R. No. 34) making
appropriations for the support of the Military
Academy for the year ending June 30,1865, with
amendments; in which the concurrence of the
House was requested.
FRANKING PRIVILEGE AGAIN.
Mr. KASSON. I would be glad to recall the
attention of the chairman of the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads to the puiposes of
this bill,and also to the lawas it nowstanda. As
provided by the act which went into operation on
the 1st of July last, the President and Vice Pies-
ident, the heads of the Departments, and, under
the direction of the Postmaster General, the heads
of the different bureaus of the Executive Depart-
ments, have the right to frank all official matter
issued by them, and the right to receive free of
postage all official matter addressed to them in
their official character by officers responsible to
them respectively. The same provision embra-
cing the President and the Vice President of the
United States, every o|icer under the President
of the United States responsible to him in any
way is authorized to send his communications to
the President free of postage. The Presidentalso
has the right to frank all matter sent by him.
The distinction, then, sought to be made by
this bill is to allow all non-official persons to send
anything they please to the President and Yico
President of the United States free of postage. It
was deemed at the tune, and certainly is now
deemed by me, a matter of a great deal of conse-
quence that that large mass of matter, generally
of private concern only, which persons are nat-
urally inclined to send to the head of the Govern-
ment, should be restricted, so far as it can be
done, by making persons pay the trifling postage
required before they can get their communica-
tions through the mail. It is an act of benevo-
lence to any high officer of the Government to
have this very slight restriction putupon the vast
amount of miscellaneous communications sent to
the Executive Departments of this Government.
I should be glad, before the chairman of the
commiUeo decides topress this hill, that he would
hik" tiiis matter into consideration, and see
whether there is any hardship or any wrong com-
mitted to the public interest. Having myself suf-
fered very much, as all public officers havedone,
from this vast amount of ptivate communications
sent to executive officers, I think the public inter-
est requires a little further consideration before
we adopt any measures relaxing the partial re-
straint of the evil, as we should do by this bilL
It is well known that long communications,es-
says upon political economy, upon general poli-
tics, written speeches, applications for office with-
out number, testimonials without number, are
sent to these various officials and heads of De-
partments of the Government from the President
down, and I could never see any reason why this
large class of matter should not be charged with
prepaid letter postage before it had a right to go
through the mail.
I may also say that it concerns to a very con-
siderable extent in the aggregate, although small
in individual cases, the income and revenue of
the Post Office Department. This mass of free
matter was formeily exceedingly large, and our
effort, which I think was a very wise one, and in
the policy of which the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Alley] concurs, was to restrict
free matter, as far as possible consistent "with the
prompt and easy discharge of public business,
passing through the mails.
For these reasons I hope we shall take further
consideiation before we amend the law in this di-
rection and throw the mails open without charge
to this mass of matter which is directed to public
officers, generally for the promotion of private
interests.
Mr. NORTON. What has been suggestedby
the gentleman from Iowa is undoubtedly true;
