3070
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 18.
"will excuse me, I only speak of their views-—in
a parsimonious manner with this great enterprise ?
It has been discussed for half a dozen years past.
One of oar most intelligent and patriotic citizens
has addressed himself to this subject in a manner
to make his name a part of the history of our
country. The Secretary of State of the United
States has sent vtfu a- communication that is deep
and full of wisdom and meaning, based on the
inquiries, the industry; and the great enterprise
of that greatand distinguished'citizen, and he has
recommended that the small aid asked for be
given, generously-given, be given in the spirit of
American'progress and enterprise.
What shall it avail if we sit here and talk as
to' whether a vessel may be dispatched or may
not from the Pacific squadron to engage in mak-
ing this survey and these soundings? Shall
we spend our time as to the exact point unon
Behring's straits upon which this survey shall be
"made? Have we not the ability to take one sin-
fle ship and dispatch it upon this great service?
hope that we shall not waste time in such econ-
omy. I hope, on the contrary, that our discus-
sions and our acts will partake of the spirit of
the enterprise, of its great usefulness, of its great
national interest, of its great consequences to the
civilization of the entire world.
Why, sir, there is opening up to us in that
portion of the earth that will be brought nearer
to us by the construction of this line of telegraph,
a country that we have little knowledge of, that
the entet prise and industry of Mr. Collins have
given us the first great and intelligent view of—
a country full of trade, full of employment for
our ships when peace shall come again. Sir, we
are building up exactly opposite on the Pacific
coast a community, nay, an empire of itself, com-
posed of a population of the choicest portion of
the American people. Shall we notinvite neigh-
borhood? Shall we not attempt to make a con-
nection and a commercial fraternization between
the two hemispheres in this manner? Shall v/e
hesitate to do it, lest the Secretary of the Navy,
under the instructions contained m this act,
should employ a steam vessel rather than a sailing
vessel? Why, Mr. President, I am ashamed of
these views of the case. They bear no parallel
to the subject; they in no part commend them-
selves in the advocacy or in the reasoning of so
great a subject as this.
We are told that there are other lines of tele-
graph, other companies engaged in crossing the
continent. Let them cross the continent. Give
them aid, such only as you give to this, which is
not an expensive aid to the nation. Let these
great improvements go on. Shall it be because
we are immersed in a great and expensive war
that all progress and all efforts on the part of the
Government to develop industry shall cease?
Certainly not. Either we are able to carry both
on, or we are not able to carry one on success-
fully.
I hope that first we shall give the aid that is
asked for; it is \ery limited indeed; and next,
that the aid we shall give will be generously and
freely given.
Mr. TEN EYCK. 11 think the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Iowa is eminently
just and pioper. What do we propose to do by
this hill? We propose to put a part, at least, of
the Navy of the United States under the control
of this telegraph company; and at their bidding,
and under their authority, the Secretary of the
Navy is bound to detail a vessel for the purpose
of carrying on all their operations. In time of
peace 1 would not make the head of the Navy
Department subject to the dictation of a telegraph
company or any other company, no matter how
respectable or how wealthy they might be.
Mr. CONNESS. I call the honorable Sena-
tor's attention, with his peimission, to the fact
that the whole eastern part of the continent is
brought pretty much in subjection to a company
that runs a railroad line tlnough his own State,
and 1 have not heard the declamation of the Sen-
ator against it. There can be no such objection-
able monopoly and combination as that to which
all of us are subjected whu pass backward and
forward between New Yoik and the national
capital.
Mr. TEN EYCK. When the time comes for
that matter to be discussed, perhaps I may have
something to s«y on that snbjrcf, hut 1 o-oneraliy
endeavor to confine my remaiks to the subject in
hand before the Senate. I can see a very great
difference, however, I may remark in passing,
between establishing a new exclusive privilege
and interfering with one that was established a
quarter of a century ago. I respectfully submit,
before discussing that subject, that the inquiry
of the Senator from California is no argument
upon the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Iowa.
" Mr. CONNESS. It was not offered as such.
Mr. TEN EYCK. Then it was not offered
legitimately in the discussion, but for some other
purpose. Now, all the declarations of the Senator
are very fine in relation to aiding and assisting in
this national work. He has taken me captive by
the power of his eloquence. I had some faint
glimmering or idea of the honor that was to fall
on our national character by the establishment
ofsuchawork; but I do not think it will add
very much to ourjudgment, our prudence,or pro-
priety as legislators, if we detail a part of our
rfavy and appropriate a portion of the public
treasure for tne establishment of a work which
beyond all earthly doubt will be maintained and
established by the corporation without any con-
trol. It was alluded to by the Senator from Mis-
souri that this company, when they first intro-
duced their bill asking for a subsidy, did not
pretend to claim more than $40,000. That was
enough; but I suppose on the principleon which
other men act, when they go in for a penny they
go in for a pound, and finding the disposition of
the Senate to be perhaps to encourage these great
works under the eloquent appeals of the Senator
from California, they would just as soon vote
$50,000 a year as $40,000, and perhaps $100,000,
for aught I know, because after we get over the
limit of $100,000, then an account is to be kept,
and the Secretary of the Treasury is to settle the
bill accoidmg to the charges they may choose to
make.
Now, sir, I am not willing to detail the Navy
for this purpose any more than I am willing that
this other feature shall stand in the bill which de-
clares that the Army of the United States, or such
portions of the Army as may be in the region of
country through which this line may run, may,
under the order of the company and not under
theorderof the Secretary of War,be detailed and
cm^yed for the exclusive purpose and express
design of protecting this long line of several thou-
sands of miles of telegraph from the attacks of
savages and every other wrong-doer who may
see fit to lay his hand upon it. Why give any
more exclusive piivileges to this than to any
other enterprise of like character for the transmis-
sion of intelligence or the transmission of passen-
gers? I had intended to move an amendment on
that point, but the floor was taken from me foi
the purpose of moving other amendments. I
have two or three other amendments that 1 shall
move at the proper lime. The motion to strike
out the third section having failed by a tie vote,
I shall move to amend the fouith section so that
the Army shall not be subject to be taken at the
dictation of this company, or such portions of
it as may be in that section, and that the rights
and interests and property of the company shall
be put upon the same footing in regard to gov-
ernmental care and protection with the rights and
interests and property of every other company
and of every citizen m the Union; and that is, in
case of their invasion, upon a call being made on
the regular constituted authorities, the constituted
authorities, if they see fit, appropriate the ne-
cessary force for the purpose of keeping the peace
and maintaining the laws. 1 do not know that
these gentlemen with their increase of capital in
the course of fifteen months from $3,000,000 to
$9,000,000 should lay the whole power of the
United States, the Army, the Navy, and the
Treasury to boot, at their hands and subject to
their dictation and their call, especially in a time
of war which is taxing every energy and strain-
ing every sinew in the arms of every loyal, noble,
patriotic man within the length and breadth of the
Union.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Committee on Com-
merce spent more than three months in thorough-
ly investigating this subject; it was before them
day after day; and they have recommended that
a sailing vessel or a steamer shall be placed at the
disposal of the company for this purpose. That
is just what is intended. The Senator from New
Jersey is perfectly consistent. If he has not pro-
claimed it himself he is an enemy to this bill in
all its parts, and he was in committee. Aside
from him, the committee were unanimous in
every conclusion at which they arrived. The
Senator gave us notice that he would fight the
bill, and he is doing it manfully; but I want the
friends of the bill to vote and not talk. 1 prom-
ised when it was taken up that 1 would not oc-
cupy the time of the Senate. 1 renew the pledge.
1 simply ask for a a vote.
Mr. TEN EYCK. The Senator from Michi-
gan says that the Committee on Commerce have
been engaged three months in perfecting this bill.
I happen to be a humble member of that com-
mittee-
Mr. CHANDLER. The papers were at the
Senator's disposal.
Mr. TEN EYCK. All I was going to say was
that if it took three months incubation to hatch
a bill of this kind, I do not glory in the achieve-
ment.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President, I have
not been particularly pleased by the tone of the
objections made by the Senatorfrom New Jersey
to this'bill. 1 regret that I should have heard
from him the expression of sentiments that have
nottudo with the security of our own people. He
suggested among the considerations governing
his action that the people of the older States were
not concerned in these great enterprises; that the
West calls for large appropriations, great sub-
sidies, the lavishment of the public lands, from
which his State of New Jersey derives no benefit.
I regret to have heard the suggestion of an an-
tagonism between the West and the East, or be-
tween the old and new States, come from the Sena-
tor from New Jersey, and mostly for the reason
that for him I have a profound respect. I respect
his judgment always.
Mr.TEN EYCK. The Senator entirely mis-
understood me. I made no attack upon theWest.
I said it had always afforded us the utmost pleas-
ure to vote for all the measures the West had at
heart, asking for the donation of lands; and I do
not know of any measure of that kind for which
I* have not voted except the amendment proposed
this year to the Pacific railroad act. I withheld
my vote from that on the ground that it was not
simply for the building of a Pacific railroad, but
proposed to build a great variety of branch roads
in different Slates, and appropriated for that pur-
pose millions of acres of land and additional mil-
lions of dollars m bonds,"with interest payable in
gold instead of in the ordinary currency of the
counh y. That is the only case in which I have
not voted m favor of the West in relation to all
her measures, without ever expecting a dollar of
benefit from the public lands for my State; and
I do not now, and yet I shall freely vote for such
measures in time to come.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I understood the honor-
able Senator from New Jersey correctly, as he
would have seen if he had allowed me to go on
with my remarks. His remark was, that m all
these things the older States had no interest. I
remember within my own period—and lam not yet
as venerable as some of the gentlemen who are
about me—when, in the part of the country where
the Senator was reared, land was hardly a salable
commodity, and certainly did not command as a
regular thing five dollars an acre. That same
land nowcommands in the market a hundred dol-
lars an acre. On the development of the West,
in her special interests and with her special en-
terprises, has been dependent to a large extent
the growth of New Jersey and her accumulated
wealth. To the development and growth of the
West is to be attributed to a large extent the de-
velopment of the manufacturing interest of New
England. We are mutually dependent. Wecould
never have built up thegreatmanufacturingciues
of New England if it had not been for the labor
in the corn and the grain fields of the farmers of
Ohio, Indiana, Illinois,Michigan, Iowa, and Wis-
consin, and all the West; and they never would
have culminated into their present prosperity but
for the treaty of Guadalupe-Hidalgo, which se-
cured to us a commanding position on the Pacific
coast and developed those gold fields and those
hills of silver that now furnish the prominent feat-
ure of the exportation?? of the entire Republic.
Properly considered, we have no divided interest
