n
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
should like to know whether this $20,000,000 has
been estimated for by either of those Departments.
£ should also like to know from the honorable
gentleman, if it he within his power to give us
the information, in what manner the §12,000,000
raised under the $300 commutation clause has
been expended.
I hope the honorable gentleman will understand
me, and therefore 1 repeat it, that 1 ask only in-
formation and light, The responsibility of all
appropriations is on the other side of the House.
I accept and comprehend my position and the posi-
tion of those gentlemen with whom I am associ-
ated. But I beg also to be thoroughly informed.
I want the House to be well informed, and the
country to be well informed, of all disbursements
that are made, and of the manner in which they
are made.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Chairman, the informa-
tion soughtfor is very proper. The section appro-
priating $20,000,000 is drawn up in the handwrit-
ing of the Secretaiy of War himself. It was
handed by him to the chairman of the Military
Committee, who handed it to mo this morning,
informing mo that the Secretary would require
nothing more before the holidays were ended, but
that this was indispensable. I put the clause in
this deficiency bill, as being the quickest way ofget-
ting it through both Houses. 1 suppose, although
I have no definite information on the subject, that
the ten or twelve millions paid for commutations
has gone, as a matter of course, into the public
Treasury. I should think so, although 1 have
heard nothing from the Secretary of War on the
subject. It is probable, however, that the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,] the chairman
of the Committer: on Military Affairs, is able to
gtve the information that is sought.
Mr. BROOKS. The^entleman from Pennsyl-
vania having given the House such information
as he possessed, I feel it my duty, as a represent-
ative of a commercial city whoso fiist interest it
is to know what an; to be the expendimies of the
Government, to ask the honoiable gentleman, tWe
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means,
whether, m our future nppropiiations, we are to
be guided by the estimates submitted by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, from which commercial
men derive knowledge as to the public debt and
the volume of currency afloat, or whether we arc
to be guided by occasional letters-* ent to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means now and then, de-
manding, not thousands nor hundreds of thou-
sands, which once would have startled the whole
country, but millions and tens of millions. And
I should like to know how often we are to have
such applications.
If the Secretary of War and the Secretary of the
Treasury have exhibited to the country their esti-
mates, upon which they intend Congress should
act, 1 chum, then, that it is those whieh should
be our guide. If they are wrong, they should be
revised. The honoiable gentleman irom Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Stevfins] will remember that when
we served in this (louse some years ago, no man
remonstrated more than he was m the habit of
remonstrating—that was when we acted together
in the old Whig party; no man, I say, remon-
strated more than he did against the leports which
happened to be made now and then by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means on occasional letters
received from the Secretary of War or the Secre-
tary of the Treasury.
Now, the Secretary of War must have known
ten or twenty days ago, as well as he does now,
that $20,000,000 <>** appropi iauon was necessary
for bounties. Why was it not inserted in the
annual estimates? Why was not the countty in-
formed ? Why were not the banks of the country
given that information atan eaily period? If we
go on to make appropriations in this way, by oc-
casional calls from the Secretary of War, then
estimates from the Secretary of the Treasury or
from the Secretary of War will not be worth the
paper upon.«which they are printed. Estimates
hitherto made at the beginning of each session
have been woith something. We have been
guided by them during the session in the dtlib-
erations of Congress. Wc ought to bo guided by
them now. Is it not best for gentlemen on the
other side, as well as for those on this side, that
the Secretary of War and the Secretary of the
Treasury shall be held strictly to the estimates: ;
I do not mean that they shall be rigidly held to j
hundreds, but to hundreds of thousands and mil-
lions at least. I speak this in no partisan feeling,
but I believe that it is indispensably necessary for
the interests of the great city which I in part repre-
sent, for its manufacturing and for its commercial
interests to know in some degree what are to be
the annual expenditures of the Government. It
is necessary in order that those great interests of
the country should act accordingly.
Mr.fSCEIENCK. Mr. Chairman, the gentle-
man who is chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means has stated correctly what has taken
place between him and myself in reference to the
subject now under consideration. I called last
evening on the Secretary of War and had a con-
versation with him in reference to the legislation it
may be expedient to pass before the adjournment
for the holidays. I explained to him I thought
that, with the present disposition of the House, it
would be impossible foi the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs to get through any general legislation
which should embrace an entire revision of the
enrollment act, or any considerable number of
amendments, or any legislation looking generally
to appropriations for military purposes. He told
me that if he could get,so far as appropriations
were concerned, a single section appropriating
what was necessary, or what might become ne-
cessary to meet the bounties, premiums, and ad-
vances to be given to volunteers and enlisted men,
it would be all that is now essentially required, and
that then everything would go on until after the
holidays with that help. He sat at his table and
drew the section which is now part of the defi-
ciency kill. It was incorporated in that bill by
the Committee of Ways and Means on my sug-
gestion. My question to the Secretary of War
was this: was that amount contained in the es-
timates submitted by him? He said that it was.
I learned afterwards from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs of the Senate that they had a bill
pending,embracin<>:,amongotherthings, this same
appropiiation of $20,000,000, and he told me that
it was in accordance with the estimates for the
necessities of the Government in reference to that
expenditure. I objected thatit was not proper that
an appropriation of that kind should come in a
bill from the Senate, but that it should originate
in this House. It was on information derived
from these quarters that the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs examined the subject and submitted
the section to the Committee ofWavsand Moans
to be added to the bill now under consideration.
Mr. STEVEN'S. In the estimates the Secre-
tary speaks of having §10,000,000 already in his
hands, which wo think ought to bo properly ap-
propriated by Congress, and then ho asks for
$10,000,000 more, on page 156 of the estimates,
for advanced bounties, premiums, and so on.
Mr. COX. I would like to ask the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means whether
the $10,000,000 in the Treasury arising from the
exemption money is included in this" proposed
appropriation, or .whether that sum requires re-
appropnatum ?
Mr, STEVENS. My understanding is that it
does. There is no law appropriating the amount.
It has been paid into the Treasury, but has never
been appropriated by Congress.
Mr. BROOKS. I think the bill ought to be so
amended as to state that fact. I ask the Clerk to
read the second clause.
The Clerk again read the second clause.
Mr. BROOKS. Does the ch airman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means understand that, the
ten or twelve million* commutation money aie
included m this appropriation?
Mr. STEVENS. That is my understanding.
I have had no communication with the Secretary
of War, but I suppose this sum includes the ten
or twelve millions.
Mr. BROOKS. I move to amend the appropria-
tion by adding to the clause the following words: j
Which  hal! include all the Mim* hitheuo paid into the i
Tn'u^ury.orto be hereafter paid into the Tteasuiv, for com- '
mutation money un<kr the eniollinent act.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not know that I have
any objection to that amendment, though I do not
piecisely sec the necessity for it. If this money
is m the Treasury, of course we have to make
the appropriation to lake n out. j
Mr. COX. I think there is some confusion ,
springing out of this mutter. The Secietury of
Wai, Iiunimbor, states tu his u puit that he has |
raised fifty thousand men under the enrollment
act. Now,as I understand it, only about five
thousand men have been raised by this extorted
service. Forty-five thousand, I suppose, were
raised by the money paid in as exemption money;
and the Secretary says in his report that the fund
of $10,000,000 raised under the enrollment act as
commutation money is deposited with the United
States Assistant Treasurers, and is being applied
to procuring substitutes by the payment of bounty
and premium. I suppose he is now paying out
that very $10,000,000, and therefore no appropri-
ation is required, so far as his action is concerned.
He is using the money now. I do not, therefore,
see the use of this amendment.
Mr. STEVENS, If the gentleman considers
that that use of the money by the Secretary is
strictly legal without any act of Congress appro-
priating it, I have no objection to reducing this
appropriation to $10,000,000,. and letting it stand
as it is.
Mr. COX. I think it had better be done in that
way.
Mr. LOVEJOY. If I understand the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Cox,] he supposes that the
$10,000,000 is already being paid out. I under-
stand the Secretary of War to ask for $20,000,000
now, whether that sum has been paid out or not.
[ do not know how that is; but, if that money has
been paid out, I do not think $10^000,000 will
meet tne demands of the present hour; and I think
that consequently the bill should remain as it is.
Mr. STEVENS. My idea is that the ten
millions commutation money having been paid
into the Treasury, it ought to beappropriatcu by
Congress, and if it has been paid out, we should
appropriate it as a deficiency. There is some
doubt in my mind about the right to pay it put
without such an appropriation. I know it has
been done, but 1 suppose it is included in this de-
ficiency.
Mr. GARFIELD. Mr. Chairman, from what
I know of this matter, I am inclined to agree with
my colleague that the money already received
for commutation has been paid out for the volun-
teering service. I am not sure that it is so. i
have not looked into the matter definitely so as to
know certainly, but my impression is that that
money has been already paid out, and that the
Secretary now asks §20,000,000 in addition.
Whether the money has been properly oi legally
paid I do not presume to decide, but it seems to
me that the peculiar pressure of our volunteering
interests at this moment makes it unwise to re-
duce this amount from $,20,000,000 to £10,000,000.
It is very true, as my colleague also said, that
we are to rely chiefly on the volunteer system for
recruiting our Army,rather than on conscription.
There is a very great activity in volunteering at
this time; but that cannot continue unless we can
have a supply of money on hand to pay bounties
and advance pay as inducements to volunteer. It
seems to me that we ought not to block the oper-
ations of the Government by skimping it in the
matterof money. It is my opinion, from all that
I know, that we should not allow the volunteer-
ing system to be checked at this time for want of
money. 1 am therefore opposed to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from New York; and I trust
the Government will be given the §20,000,000 it
asks.
Mr. COX. Mr. Chairman, I have notmade any
opposition to the appropriation of this §'20,000,000.
I believe that the only way to raise the ptoper
ioree to carry on this war is by the volunteer sys-
tem. The conscription law passed at the last ses-
sion, lashed through this IIousp, has proved an
utter failure. The Secretary of War himself con-
fesses it. What, then, haw we to do? Ibtheveit
to be the policy of the Government to offer the
largest pecuniary inducements for the purpose of
getting volunteers,and not, by any unrepublican
system,extort military service. 1 shall therefore
vote for the appropiiation of §20,000,000. But in
doing so, I do not wish to be understood as ex-
pressing my appiubation of the conduct of the
Secretary oi War in paying out the monpy re-
ceived for commutations without the authority of
Congress. He has been paying it out, ax he says
in hi* report, not alone for white soldiers, but for
black soldiers, tor slaves in Maryland and else-
where.
Sevi ral ivIcMDERson the Republican side. That
is uli i ight.
