1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3071
What is the true interest of the coast of the Pa-
cific is the true interest of the State of Maine, and
even her lumber fields have derived benefits from
my Ssate, fur many a large house have 1 seen go
up on the shores of the Pacific the timber for
which had been cut down in the forests of Maine,
and sawed in her mills and planed in her shops
and framed by her mechanics and shipped by her
ship-owners and constructed and put up in my
own State.
The enterprise that is now suggested is one that
belongs to a common development, in which the
enterprising man, the man of capital, particularly
the man of commerce, is as much concerned in
New Jersey or Connecticut or Massachusetts or
Maine as the merchant on my own coast. The
subsidy asked for this enterprise is a mere baga-
telle as compared to the great benefits it will in-
sure to us. if the great enterprise of a telegraphic
line across the Atlantic that failed some years ago,
but that we hope yet to see realized, should be a
thing accomplished, we should not command it in
theeventofour having a collision with a European
Power, because it starts from Great Britain and
lands in Great Britain's dependencies. It is well
understood that our nearest relation to Asia and
Europe is with Russia in Europe and Asia. The
liberality exercised by the northern European
Powers, and especially by Russia, should be a les-
son to us to show some liberality. The amount
of subsidy is of but little consideration; and I am
confident that the amount of compensation pro-
posed to be given to these parties is nothing like
an equivalent to what would be justly due from
the Government for the service it will require, and
it is to have the command of the telegraph line.
A word now about this great conspiracy, this
great combination, this aggregation of capital
which seems to have filled the mind and overcome
the vision of the Senator from New Jersey. I
may take the liberty of remarking that when Mr.
Collins, after making his trip from St. Peteisbuig
to the Amoor river, reported himself in San Fran-
cisco, he brought with him the idea of this pro-
ject; I took the opportunity to converse with him
and possess myself as far as possibjf with his
views, and to understand whether or not the en-
terprise was feasible. From that time until this
time it has been more or less within the range of
my observation. My fear has always been that
we could not secure favor enough from the Gov-
ernment to establish it as a fact. My fear now
is that we do not extend favor enough. If this is
to be a very greatand a very successful enterprise
and it is going to embrace large capital, it will be
because to carry out the main line of the work a
great many accessoues will have to be included.
I do not believe that a line from Sail Francisco,
taking that as the departing point, running up
through Oregon and British America and Russian
America, crossing at Behring's straits, and run-
ning down then by the coast line to the Amoor
river, as an independent proposition can be main-
tained as a success; but upon a careful business
calculation these gentlemen think that by joining
witli it various otherenterpiisus of the same char-
acter, so as to bring the United States in commu-
nication with Europe and Asia, running down to
China and Japan, it can be made a success; and
if it is done at all it will be a gre.it and triumphant
success.
I cannot understand how persons having the
true interests of the Government in their mind's
eye can question the propriety of this action. It
will be great economy to us, I believe, as a mat-
ter of mere government; it will be a great advant-
age to us as a matter of commercial regulation;
it will give us our true position upon the Pacific,
and that has been for years the theater of the
greatest enterprises of the great nations of the
world. France is in Mexico to get ascendency
there, and France is in Siam to get ascendeney
there, and France is occupying positions on the
Pacific to get ascendency there. Russia bestows
more attention on her policy on the Pacific than
she does on her policy in any of the States of
Emope. England is doing the same thing. It
is our duty to do it, and we shall fail m duty if
we do not look to our great interests, occupying
as we do the most commanding position on the
Pacific. , • , o
Then asam.Mr. President, let me remind Sen-
ators thaUiie history of England is the history to
which we look for oui great lessons. Look at
her policy during her great wars with the conti-
nental Powers of Europe, including the war she
conducted against us when we were called in re-
bellion, arid again after our war of 1812. The
course of the English, the stern, enterprising,
determined English people, indicatesand has es-
tablished that by a resisting and compelling force
that appears to exist in the Anglo-Saxon, the Eng-
lish as they have been assaulted from abroad have
risen stronger in their great northern strength; and
therefore it is laid down as a truth by the ablest
writers that have written upon politico-econom-
ical science in England, that instead ofthosegreat
wars having impaired the wealth and strength
of England, they have added both to her wealth
and her strength, for two causes: first, their con-
dition led (I am sorry it is not so in this country
yet) to economy, private, individual,and partic-
ular economy; and second, it led to enterprises
to overcome the privations that belonged to war.
1 might quote Mill, McCulloch, and Richards,as
laying it down as a truth demonstrated by figures
that England has been stronger by developing
her resources even in time of war to overcome
her necessities than she would have been if she
had passed the same period in a time of pro-
found peace. I say, let not our surroundings
affright us: let us make ourselves as strong as
possible, so that when this war shall be over we
shall be yet in the tide of prosperity.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator from California
has addressed the Senate very ably on the gen-
eral subject of communication between the differ-
ent portions of the world. I have nothing to say
in regard to that; I am willing for the present to
assent to the truth of everything he has said.
The only question now before the Senate, how-
ever, is whether we shall make it absolutely im-
perative on the Secretary of the Navy to send a
vessel to the Pacific for the purpose not only of
surveying and sounding the waters of the North
Pacific, but of transporting the material with
which this telegraph line is to be laid, and after-
wards of laying it. If a vessel is sent, itmustbe
a steamer. If she is sent, she must be deprived
of her armament. Now, are you going to direct,
without any opportunity for the Secretary of the
Navy to exercise his judgmentabout it, thatin a
time of war like this your vessels (and they must
be your best vcssels-of-war) shall be sent up into
the North Pacific unarmed, upon ail expedition
of this kind, and be liable to capture?
Mr. McDOUGALL. Allow me to make asug-
gestion. There are several vessels, old wooden
ships, out there on that coast belonging to the
squadron of the Pacific. The Senator knows
what they are better than I do. It seems to me
that to detail one of them would be no great
charge on the Government. We can spare them
from the harbor of San Francisco.
Mr. GRIMES. I have no objection to allow-
ing the Secretaiy of the Navy to do that if he
does not believe it will be to the detriment of the
Government to permit it to be done; but I do
not want to compel him to do it, because it is
possible that when this company wants to lay its
telegraph wires, or wants to transport its material,
it may not be to the interest of the Government
to thus detach a vessel for that purpose; and it
seems to me somewhat singular that the Senators
from the Pacific coast, who are so much inter-
ested in the maintenance of that fleet, should be
the most anxious to detach some of the vessels
from it and send them off on an expedition of
this kind. I am willing to leave it exactly as the
question always has been left before. It was not,
1 apprehend, made imperative on the Secretary
of the Navy to detach the Niagara at the time the
Atlantic cable was laid. The Secretary of the
Navv was allowed to do it, and he cud it.
Mr CONNESS. And the nation applauded.
Mr. GRIMES. And the nation applauded it.
Yerv well, that was m a time of peace; but you
did not then, in a tune of peace, instruct and re-
quire the Secretary of the Navy to do it. Now,
in a time of war, you propose to require him to
send vessels up into the North Pacific, where they
will be liable to capture. That is the question
i that is before the Senate.
!i Mr. CHANDLER. I ask the friends of this
'! bill to let us vote. I tlank the subject is fully un-
i! derstood. Each section of the country has an
li equal interest in it with every other; perhaps the
!j East more than the West. All the commercial
interests of the nation are concerned in'tliis bill',
and I hope its friends will let us come to a vote.
It is very well understood, I believe.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pomerov
in the chair.) The question is on the amend-
ment of the Senator from Iowa.
Mr. CHANDLER. We are passing a law in
the usual form directing the Secretary of the Navy
to furnish aship. Now the Senater proposes to
say that it shall be the law if the Secretary thinks
best;if he does notthink it best it shall benolaw.
That is the question.
Mr. GRIMES. I suppose the Senator from
Michigan wants to be ingenuous. He does net
want to misrepresent.
Mr. CHANDLER. Certainly not.
Mr. GRIMES. Does the Senator say .that thia
is in the usual foi:m ?
Mr. CHANDLER. Certainly.
Mr. GRIMES. Does the Senator say that this
was the form of the law passed for laying the
Atlantic cable, that the Secretary of the Navy was
instructed and required to detach the Niagara? •
Mr. CHANDLER. I have not read thatlaw.
Mr. GRIMES. That is the only case that oc-
curred, and I think if the Senator will refresh his
memory by reference to the law, he will find that
it says the Secretary of the Navy may do so.-
Mr. CHANDLER. I do not remember that.
Mr. GRIMES. If the Senator has not re-
freshed his memory by a reference to thatlaw; I
do not. think he is justified in saying that thisis the
usual form. The Senator says that the effect of
my amendment will be to make it dependent on
the Secretary of the Navy to say whether this
law is in operation or not. Not at all. The law
will be in opeiation; the subsidy will be given;
the Army of the United States, as the bill now
stands without amendment, will be put under the
control of this company in the departments through
which the telegraphic line may be located; but so
far as the detailing of a particular ship is con-
cerned, that will be left to the Secretary of the
Navy, and there is where it ought to be left. So
far as the subsidy is concerned, so far as thegrant
of land and of tile right of way is concerned, the
the law will stand; but in regard to the action of
the Navy Department in detailing a ship, I trust
we are not going to instruct the head of that De-
partment absolutely to send aship, butauthorize
him to do it if he believes the public exigencies
will justify him m so doing.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator's amend-
ment is not " if the public exigencies will justify
him in so doing," but his amendment puts it in
the discretion of the Secretary of the Navy to de-
termine whether it will be for the public interest
of this country to favor this telegraph. That is
the form it is in, and I shall vote against it in
that form. , , _
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to have the Sen-
ator explain how that is.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The amendment says in
so many words, "if the Secretary of the Navy
shall believe the public interest will be promoted
by it."
Mr. GRIMES. By detailing a ship.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Ido not believe in asking
the Secretary of the Navy whether the public m-
terests of the nation will be promoted or not. Jf
it can be done without detriment to the public ser-
vice I am for telling him to do it, for I think itis a
proper thing to be done.
Mr. MORGAN. 1 suggest to the Senator from
Iowa that he move simply to strike out the words
"and instructed," and then I think there will be
no objection to the amendment. The effect of that
would be simply to authorize the Secretary to de-
tail a vessel. .
Mr. GRIMES. I accept the suggestion, and
my amendment is to strike out the words "and
instructed" after "authorized" in line four of sec-
tion two.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr GRIMES. I propose to strike out all of
that section after the word "soundings" in lme
eight. The words I propose to strikeout are:
Laying down submerged cable, and in transjwrting ma-
terials connected therewith, and generally aflord &uth as
sibtance as may be deemed best calculated to secure a suc-
cessful pi omotion of the enterprise.
The effect of my amendment will be to leave
the public vessel that may be detailed to be em-
ployed in making the survejw and soundings, but
