1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
Mr. COX. Gentlemen* say that thatis al! right.
Well, we differ about that. [Laughter.]
* Mr. KASSON. The law provides that the
person drawn may furnish an acceptable substi-
tute to take his place in the draft, or may pay, to
such person as the Secretary of War may author-
ize to receive it, such sum, not exceeding ^300*as
the Secretary may determine, for the procuration
of such substitute. It t lien provides that the Secre-
tary of WW shall fix the sum at the time he orders
the draft. The law expressly provides that the
payments are not to be made into the Treasury,
but are to be under the control of the War De-
partment. *
Mr. COX. I do not agree with the gentleman
from Iowa as to the effect of the law. These
moneys came properly into the Treasury, and
could not be drawn from thence without specific
appropriation. They ought at least to be within
the control of the national Legislature.
I repeat, I would not throw any impediment
in the way of the Secretary in regard to this
$20,000,000. Let him have it, and let the country
escape, if possible, the disgrace and degradation
of this drafting business on the 5th of January.
As to the $12,000,000 raised by commutation,
let the Military Committee mature some measure
by which to reach it. I do not think that my
criticism on the conduct of the Administration or
any of its members is worth much just now, es-
pecially after the repeated violations of law and
Constitution which have characterized thtf Ad-
ministration. It has become almost a habit to
disregard laws. Perhaps that is incident to war
times. Power tends to aggrandize itself in times
like these. But we, at least, as the people's rep-
resentatives, ought to keep a proper clench upon
them at the proper times—and this is one of them.
Let theCommittec of Ways and Means and the
Committee on Military Affairs examine whether
or not this $12,000,000 in the Treasury shall be
reappropriated, or shall be directed in a proper
course hereafter. 1 would not place any obstacle
in the way of this #90,000,000 bill. Let it pass.
The people of all parties in the country will wel-
come such an act.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I hope the amendment of the
gentleman from New York will not prevail. I
fail to see any necessity for it. I hope the bill
will be passed as it is, especially if we are determ-
ined to adjourn for the holidays, as this money
will be needed between now and the 5th of Janu-
ary.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I suppose that this mat-
ter need not be very much discussed now; but I
want to express my dissent from some statements
and theories advanced here. In the first place, I
think thai, as a nation, we ought to be educated
up to the point of holding ourselves in readiness
for a draft, or for any other purpose necessary to
save the life of the nation. But as we have suc-
ceeded so admirably, in spite of the strenuous
efforts of the party to winch gentlemen on the
other ifide belong;, in securing volunteers, I am
desirous of carrying out that plan. \ therefore
hope that all possible inducements will be held
out to volunteers, and, consequently, that the Sec-
retary of War will be clothed with pow§r, by
this appropriation, to offer them.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I must enter my protest
against this constant and persistent slandering of
the Administration. I will-not allow any such
declarations to pass without a decided denial that
this Administration ever was in the habit of vio-
lating the Constitution or laws, and that they arc
hardly conscious of doing it. Now, sir, if any-
body knows anything about it, he knows that such
statements are utterly untrue. There never was
an Administration since the organization of the
Government so cautious and sensitive in regard
to the obligations of the Constitution and laws of
the United. States. [Laughter on the Democratic
side.] No, sir, never. Those gentlemen would
have laughed in a different style if the law and
Constitution had been enforced against them as
they ought to have been. [Applause in the galle-
ries.] And it comcs with an ill grace for gentlemen
to come here now, after an appeal has been made
to the people, whoaie the ultimate arbitrators, and
to put questions whether the Admini.stuUton has
been obedient to the law and the Constitution.
Those gentlemen come hereafter having made an
appeal to the people against the AdmimsUation
at> not obeying the law and the Constitution; they
come here without a constituency—with the de-
cision of the people in favor of the Administration.
With an unprecedented and unblushing effrontery
they come here and make this allegation, as if any-
body would believe them. Sir, I am opposed to
the amendment.
Mr. SPALDING. Mr. Chairmarv, I shall hold
myself ready to vote for every dollar of money
needed by the Administration to carry on the
war for the suppression of this rebellion. No
man shall go before me in that matter. But, sir,
when I am voting money to the G-oyornment I
would like to know—my constituents would like
to know, and have the right to know—what that
money is for. It does seem to me perfectly rea-
sonable that we should require from the chairman
of one or other of the committees some explana-
tion. Does this $20,000,000 include the $10,000,000
of commutation money, or does it not? If the
$20,000,000 be necessary, in addition, I will vote
for it; butlet us vote understandingly. All task
is information on the subject, and to that I am
entitled. Now, sir,as I am impressed at this mo-
ment, I shall sustain the amendment offered by
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Brooks,]
because I think it reasonable and proper in itself.
Mr. BLAINE. I desire to read, for the inform-
ation of the House, a paragraph of the report
of the Secretary of the Treasury, which settles, I
think, this whole matter. It is as follows:
"The important and responsible duty of securing and
kcpping, under the direction of the President and War De-
partment, commutation money fiom drafted citizens, has
been assumed by the collectors of internal revenue, at the
instance of the Secretary of War. In the judgment of the
Secretary of the Treasury this money should be paid di-
rectly into the Treasury and drawn out upon requisitions
lor the purposes to which it is appropriated by Congress.
The Secretary of War thought, however, that the "other
mode of collection and disbursements would be less burden-
tome to drafted men and more convenient for the payment
of substitutes. Ihs wishes were promptly complied with,
and the whole matter is now submitted to Congress."
Mr. S.CHENCIt. The commutation money
that has beew paid has nothing to do with the
matter before the House. As I said before, the
Secretary of War informed me that $20,000,000
would be needed to cover the requirements for
bounties and premiums advanced. 1 inquired
whether that was his estimate,and he replied that
it was. I find an estimate for pay of advanced
bounty to volunteers and drafted men under the
actsofJuly5,1862, and March 3,1863,$5,000,000,
and for a deficiency for the year ending June 30,
1864, another $5,000,000. That does not include
anything except bounty. .The premiums are in-
cluded in a subsequent item upon the same page,
making an aggregate for deficiencies for the year
expiring June 30, 1864, of $10,000,000, and the
estimate for the year ending June 30, 1865, is
$15,700,000,oran aggregateo'f$25,700,000'. What
the Secretary asks now is that we make an appro-
piiation of$20,000,000, leaving$5,700,000 to cover
a number of other items that may be required.
The advanced pay not included in the bounties
and premiums here estimated for is included in
the $177,000,000 for the payment of the Army.
If that be the case,this isonly anticipating out of
that $177,000,000 so much as may be necessary
to be expended at once for advanced pay, and
therefore will be so much, when we come to ap-
propriate for the payment of the Army, to be de-
ducted from the $177,000,000.
With this explanation, this bill, it will be found,
does not call for as much as the Secretary has es-
timated for under these different heads, but leaves
a margin of $5,700,000 to cover items not included
in the present section.
I think, therefore, with this explanation made
to the Military Committee, and through that com-
mittee communicated to the Committee of AVays
and Means, leaving the responsibility for the ap-
plication of the money to the Administration, the
House ought to pass upon this particular section,
and allow the $20,000,000.
I believe, in reference to some little that has
been said by a colleague of mine upon this floor,
[Mr. Cox,] that the people of this country may
be classified into three great divisions: those who
arc for carrying on this war to crush out this re-
bellion and of affording al] the means necessary to
accomplish thot end; those who aie not tor putting
down the lebeilion at all; and a third class who aie
for patting down the rrbrthon, but are opposed to
all the means for accomplishing that object. Now,
belonging as I do exclusively to the first class
upon this side of the House, I think,we should-
do well to give what is now,asked, andgantiemen
upon the opposite side wil^see the propriety of it,
if they do not approve of either of'& other classi-
fications. , ' -
Mr. BROOKS. Mr, Chairman,'I do not, ff jt
is possible to avoid it, intend to enter ir^to .ariV
party debate on this appropriation, lin^ah, ifjt
be within my power, touvoid it. But! holdit £bJSe*
the first duty—and therefore I listpo^d witH the
greatest pleasure to the remarks VftheKouoipble
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. SpaldingJ-tI hold
it to be the first duty of the representatives of the
people to know where every xlollar^of the puhlifc
money goes. If I wanted to oppose the honora-
ble gentlemen upon the pther side of the lJou.se,
and to break down their party, I would give thctyn
full length in all their appropriations*, 1 *weuld
pourforth upon them millions uponmilUp,ns,'until
the currency was,so expanded that theirTredsury
notes would not be worth as much as the asais'-
natsof France, or the continental notes of the old
Revolution. It is because I am their friend or t|ie
friend of principle* that I desire to know.haw tfie
money goes, and in wliat,manner every .dollar of
the public money is to be appropriated. , li* thjs
be opposition to the Administration, then I amin
opposition; but I .hold it $o be the best friendship
that a public man can exliibit to ah Administra-
tion to look to its disbursements, to look to its
economy. , .
Here are $10,000,000 afloat, pronounced So tQ
be by the Secretary of War; theamoun t received
as com mutation money is kno wn to be 000,0$),
and, perhaps, going on to fifteen or twenty mil-
lion dollars. Where is it? Who knows? Who
can tell? In whose pockets is it? Who has ap-
propriated it ? What Representative of the people
has voted to appropriate it? Where are those
twelve or fifteen million dollars? I have notonly
a right to know, but every honorable gentleman
upon the other side of the House has aright to
know where this money is. If the honorable
member from Ohio [Mr. ,Science] wants to ap-
propriate thirty or thirty-live million dollars, why
does not he say so? If, in addition to; these
$20,000,000 for bounties, he wants the commu-
tation money besides, let him report an appropri-
ation bill for that purpose, and I will throw no
obstruction whatsoever in his way.
The object of my amendment, and the sole.ob-
ject, is to sanction legally the disbursement by the
Secretary of War or the Secretary of the Treas-
ury of what seems to me at present an illegal ap-
propriation for bounties. I have no other object
in view, no other desire. I desire so to comport
myself in this House as to suppoit the Adminis-
tration in all honest measures for carrying on the
Government; but I desire also to know, and I
mean toknow, if the rulcsand orders ofthis House
will permit it, where every dollar of the public
money is going.
The gentleman from Ohio ha,s the advantage
over me in havingabook of estimates before him,
which have not been laid before members on this
side of the House. " We have not had an oppor-
tunity to look into these documents from which he
has read, and therefore we are not so well in-
formed as he is. But, if I understand the reading
of the honorable gentleman, there are $10,000,000
wanted for past appropriations of bounties, and
$15,000,000 additional for the fiscal year 1864-5.
The fiscal year does not commence till June 30;
and the usual, ordinary, and proper way is, when
the annual appropriation bill is reporteujto insert
this $15,000,000 there. That is the way in which
we were accustomed to do business in this House
when one dollar was a dollar, and proper consid-
eration was given to a dollar, not only in time of
peace, but in time of war. In our war with Mex-
ico, and in our Indian difficulties, it has been to
the honor of both sides of this House that it has
demanded from the then Administration, of what-
soever party it might be, a proper understanding
of all the appropriations on estimates reported in
a proper way and at the proper time. I do not
fcel that this application for $*20,000,000 has come
to us in a proper way; but if the honorable gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Sciienck,] or the honorable
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Ms. Stevens,]
wants $30,000,000, $40,000,000, or §50,000,000 for
those bounties, he has but to say so, a«dwill
thiow no obstacle in the way. .All thfiy ask for at
present is a little appropriation of $20}000,000,-of
