THE CONGRESSIONAL CrLOBI.
June 18.
not to compel the Government to employ a vessel
to transport the materials with which this tele-
graph'company is to build its line.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It does not compel any-
thing; it merely authorizes.
Mr. CONNESS. There is 110 compulsion about
it now with the amendment of the-Senntor from
Iowa..
, Mr. GRIMES. Then there is no use in hav-
ing it in. l am notwilling even that the Secretary
of the Nnvy should have power, if he sees fit, to
employ a public.vessel to transport materials from
the Atlantic to the Pacific for the purpose of build-
ing this-line, when I am assured by men in whom
I place the utmost confidence that this line will
be constructed if we do not give one single copper
by way of subsidy.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope the amendment
■will not be adopted.
The amend qj£nt was rejected—ayes 14, noes 15.
Mr. GRIMES. In the ninth line of the second
section I move to strike out the words " and in
transporting materials connected therewith."
This will leave,the Secretary of the Navy at
liberty to use a public vessel, if he sees fit, in
laying down the telegraph wire, but not in trans-
porting materials.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am really sorry to see
such objections made here. The Senate has
yielded to the suggestions of the Senator from
Iowa and has merely authoiized the Secretary of
the Navy to use a vessel in aid of this object.
When he is authorized to send outa vessel, what
objection can the Senator from Iowa have to al-
lowing that vessel to take along some of the ma-
terials if the Secretary thinks it proper? He is
not compelled to do it. You are not willing to
authorize the Government of the United States
to cooperate in this great enterprise, but you
must put it m the law that a naval vessel shall
not be permitted to take along an instrument.
Certainly no harm can be done by it. I hope
the Senate wdl vote down all such amendments.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator cannot be any
moie surprised at mo than 1 am at hnn. 1 am
surprised that he, a strict constructi onist and econ-
omist, a man who has always piofessed to be
an extreme economist and strict constiuctionist,
should be in favor of such a proposition as is now
under consideration in the Senate. I think I have
seen the Senator stickle and higgle 011 much
smaller questions than this. This is a question
of granting naval vessels for the. purpose of car-
rying all the materials for this immense company
that we are required to pay a subsidy of $50,000
u year to get it to build this line; carrying them
either from Europe, us itmay beunder this pro-
vision, or from the Atlantic coast to Behring's
straits or to any other such point as the company
may determine to lay down its telegraph wires
to. I repeat, 1 am astonished that the Senator from
Illinois should be willing to bestow 011 the chief
of any Department of this Government such ex-
traordinary power as is to be given in this sec-
tion. I frankly confers that I am unwilling to
do it. I thought I sympathized with the Sena-
tor from Illinois on all such questions as this. I
would not confer any such power on the head of
any Department.
Mr. CONNESS. The most prominent point
that 1 see 111 this connection is the suddenness
with which the honorable Senator from Iowa has
lost confidence m the honorable Secretary.
Mr. GRIMES called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted
—yeas 15, nays 19; as follows:
YEAS—Mc^is, Anthony, J3ro\vn, Clark, Cowan, Fes-
eenden.Foot, Foster, Grimes, (lailan, Ifemhiek*., Lane of
JndiJiKi, Pumeroy, TenE>ck, Willey, and Wilson—15.
NAYS—-Messrs. Chandler, Conner, Davis, Dixon,Doo-
little, II.lie, Unrn*, Hicks, Howard, Howe, J„ino of Kan-
Ha^, Weftougail, Morgan, Nesmith, Powell,Sumner,Tnim-
bull. Wade, and Wilkm&on—19.
ABSENT— Messf*. Uuckulnw, Cdrhlc, Oollamer, Hard-
ing, Henderson, Johnson, Mouill, Ramsey, RichaiiMn,
Kiddie, S mis-bury, Sheiman, fcpiague, Vail Winkle and
Wight—10. '
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BROWN. I desire to ofivran amendment
to perfect the bill, but before doing so 1 want to
ask the attention of the chairman of the Com- i
mittee on Commerce. I understand th:U there
was a bill introduced into the Senate on the 31st
of May for increased facilities of telegraphic
communication between the Atlantic and the Pa-
cific States and the Territory of Idaho. That bill
contained in it a clause for a subsidy of $20,000
per annum. I would inquire of the chairman of
the committee whether that bill has been reported
back to the Senate with the subsidy stricken out.
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, sir, it has been.
Mr. BROWN. I should like to ask, then,
why there is a subsidy in this bill for this tele-
graph line to every mineral station in California,
and none for that line across the continent to
Idaho?
Mr. CHANDLER. I will answer the Sena-
tor: because we are already paying a subsidy for
the same line.
Mr. BROWN. Not the same company.
Mr. CHANDLER. Not the same comp^py;
but the committee did not recommend subsidizing
a now company for the same line.
Mr. BROWN. I desire then to call the atten-
tion of the Senate to the manifest injustice of the
acfion of this committee. Here they go to work
and bring in large subsidies for a corporation or
for an individual who is proposed to be endowed
with a large amount of land and to have the right
of running a telegraphic communication notonly
across the States of California and Oregon, but to
make connections with every mining district in
that countiy; and, if 1 am correctly informed, the
interests which connect this company with the
present overland company are very closely allied;
and yet when there is a proposition to give us a
rival communication between the Atlantic and
Pacific it is voted down by the Committee on
Commerce, the subsidy is stricken out. I cannot
understand where the fairness is in that transac-
tion, nordo I appreciate theground upon which the
chairman has predicated the decision of the com-
mittee. I desire to call the attention of the Senate
to that feature of the bill m connection with some
amendments that I may hereafter offer. At the
present time I desire to perfect the bill as far as
possible, and I offer this amendment 
Mr. CHANDLER, if the Senator will pardon
me, the committee would not recommend subsi-
dizing a new line in the same direction. Congress
adopted its policy years ago when it was exceed-
ingly doubtful whether a telegraphic communi-
cation could be opened with California, and voted
a Iibeial subsidy. Another competing line now
asks foi a subsidy, but the Committee on Com-
meice declined to subsidizes, new line on the same
route. That is the whole of it. There is no in-
consistency or injustice in it. We would not
certainly recommend subsidizing another line on
the route of this.
Mr. BROWN. The present telegraph across
the continent is a close monopoly. I move to
amend the bill by inserting after the woids "open
to the public" in line fifteen of section four the
following:
And to any other telegraph company upon paynientof the
regular ehuigea for uauhinis Moni ot* dispatch**, and all such
dispatches >lialI be transmitted in tin; order ol* their recep-
tion, and the answer thereto feball be delivered to said com-
panies tor transmission ovei their lines to the oliice whence
the original message was sent.
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 have no objection to
that amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to strike out all of the
tenth line of the fifth section and the word " spe-
cified" in the eleventh line. It will be observed—
I suppose that it has attracted the attention of the
chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary—that
this is a very peculiar pro vision, authorizing Con-
gress to alter, amend, or repeal this act. It says
that " Congress may at any time, having due re-
gard to the rights of said parties heiembefore spe-
cified, add to, alter, amend, or repeal this act."
We have been in the habit, m ali charters granted
by Congress since I have been heie, of putting
in an absolute authority to add to, alter, amend,
or repeal them; I therefore move to strike out the
tenth line and the word " specified " m the eleventh
line, so as to let it stand like all other charters we
pass. I propose to stiike out the words " having
due regaid for the rights of said parties hereinbe-
fore specified."
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 should like to ask the
Senator from low-aif'he would repeal a law with-
out having due regard to the rights of parties to
be ailccted by il?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The clause is put in to
control the legal right of Congress.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 suppose that it is put in
for the judgment of Congress.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Would there not be the
same power if the words were out?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Exactly; and I ask the
Senator from Maine then if it would make any
difference with his vote if those words were ou t.
Would he not just as soon vote to repeal what is
granted here with the words in as he would with
them out, and would he ever vote to repeal any
law without having what he considered due re-
gard to the rights of the parties?
Mr.FESSENDEN. Thatisnotthe question.
The question is whether these words would not
form a limitation on the power of Congress to
act, and whether that was not the intention of
putting them in. My opinion is that they would,
and that that was the design of putting them in,
to restrict the right of Congress over the subject.
Mr. TRUMBULL. In my judgment they
would not restrict the power of Congress at all.
I think it would be in the discretion of Congress
to determine what was a due regard to the rights
of the parties, and it would not be a judicial ques-
tion for anybody else.
Mr. GRIMES. Then you have no objection
to striking out the words,
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not suppose it would
make any difference with anybody's vote. I have
no objection to the striking out, but I do not con-
trol the bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. In the fourth section I move
to strike out all after the word " purposes" in
the seventh line, down to the word " subject" in
the thirteenth line. The words, which are an
unusual provision, are:
And in order to secure the same from injury by savages
or other evil-disposed peisons, to the intemiption of the
public business, the commanders of the military dioti icts or
stations and other officers, acting under authority of the
United Slates in the Territories traversed by &aid telegraph,
shall use any available force at their command to piotect
the same.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope that will not be
stricken out.
Mr. Y5F3LSON. 1 had prepared an amendment
to this clause which I think ought to be adopted,
and I h'6pc no one will object to it.
Mr. GRIMES. I withdraw my amendment,
then, that the Senator from Massachusetts may
offer his.
Mr. WILSON. I think in the form in which
it now stands the clause is very objectionable.
It is passing a law allowing this company to com-
mand our troops, instead of having them under
the control of the Government. 1 simply pro-
pose to insert before " commanders," in line nine
of section four, the words " Secretary of War is
authorized to direct the;" and in line twelve to
stiike out " shall"and insert " to;" so as to make
it read:
The Secretary of War is authorized to direct the com-
manders of the military di&tnets or stations, and other offi-
ceis acting under authority of the United States in the
Territories, traversed by said telegraph, to use any available
lorcc at their command to piotect the same.
That puts it under the control of the Secretary
of War to direct the military, and to use the
power of the Government to protect this line,and
I think that ought to be accepted.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have no objection to
that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BROWN. I was going to offer an amend-
ment, sinking out the grant of a quarter section
every fifteen miles, but at the suggestion of one
of the Senators who takes some mierest m this
bill i will modify it. Itia thought some little pro-
vision may be needed for offices or something of
that kind, but there ceitamly can be no need of
one bundled and sixty acres of land. I will move,
therefore, to substitute alter the words "quarter
section," in the twentieth line, the words 41 ten
acics." ["Forty."] Well, I will say forty acres.
That is the smallest legal subdivision.
Mr. LANE, of Kan saa. 1 do not see what use
they have for forty acres: 1 would rather say ten
acres.
Mr. CONNESS. Forty acres is the smallest
legal subdivision, and it is a small matter at any
rate. I hope it will be left.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I cannot see why the
telegraph company should want forty acres of
land for a station.
