2096
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 4.
us, therefore, to dismiss even this semblance of
pacification without examination. Let us exam-
ine it in the light of history. If it be right it
shall not be rejected because it comes from a
President not in our favor. If it sound hollow,
if itjbe the Trojan horse, full of armed men, ready
to surprise the citadel of our Constitution, let us
drag its insidious features to the light fo£ con-
demnation.
To test the genuineness of this amnesty: five
months have gone, but we see no signs of thou-
sands of southern citizens rushing to embrace
this amnesty. Indeed, it is conceded that the re-
bellion is now more formidable than ever. Unlike
th.e acts of grace granted by kings to their recu-
sant subjects, of which history is full, there is no
general taking of the oath, no genuine movement
toward the restoration of the seceded States, but
a fiercer spirit of resistance, produced by the un-
wise and exasperating policy of the Executive.
The President's plan has been widely published
in the papers South, as the Richmond Sentinel
says, to " animate theirpopularpatriotism." The
forgiveness offered by the President is deemed a
mockery and its terms an insult. . What a delu-
sion to hold out such a Dead sea apple—ashes to
the lip, and hardly fruit to the eye. How many
people in the North would take an oath to support
those negro policies of the past two years? 1
never, never would. I would as soon think of
swearing allegiance to secession. I would as soon
tie my soul to the body of death. And can you
expect the southern people in their present tem-
per, saddened by loss and irate with revenge, to
do what our constituents—one million arid a half
of northern voters—would scorn us fordoing?
There could have been no hope of a returning
South by such a plan. It is an amnesty which is
a juggle, for it pleases no one who is to be reached.
It is based on a proclamation which is a delusion,
for no one was freed by it whom our armies had
not enfranchised. It is the old unsoundness,
newly daubed with untempered mortar.
There js one chief defect in the President's plan.
It is the structure built upon his proclamation of
emancipation. The same defect is observable in
the bill of the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr.
Davis.] That, too, is based upon the one-tenth
system and the policy of forced emancipation,
i to proposes to " guaranty to certain States, whose
governments have been usurped or overthrown, a
republican form of government." This is the
title of his bill. I deny, first, that these State
governments are overthiown; and second, that his
plan substitutes a republican form. His plan is to
appoint provisional brigadier governors who are
to be charged with the civil administration until
a State government shnli be recognized as his bill
provides. He requires an oath to the Constitu-
tion to be taken, which is very well; but by whom >
By one tenth of the people. They shall be suf-
ficient to construct a new State, whose repub-
lican form of government is already dictated to
them by the bill of the gentleman from Mary-
land. They lt shall" abolish slavery. Then the
otlu.-r steps are to be taken, and the new repub-
lican State is to bo recognized.
In some of its features this bill is an improve-
ment upon the rickety establishment proposed
by the President; but it is obnoxious to the same
objection. It is a usurpation of the sovereignty
of the people by the Federal functionaries, and it
regards the old States as forever destroyed.
The plans proposed are objectionable, because
of the mode of consti uetion and the kind of fabric
to be rebuilt. As the emancipation proclamation,
or the emancipation act of the gentleman, can
never be reconcilcd with the normal control of the
States oVer their domestic institutions, so all oaths
to sustain the same are oaths to subveit the old
governments, Federal and State. The oath re-
quired, both of loyal and disloyal men in the
South, is an oath of infidelity to the very genius
of our federative system, for it is an oath to aid
anaichy, and out of anarchy create a " new na-
tion!" It receives no countenance from those
who are wedded to the Constitution as it is and
the States as they were; but it lifts the hand to
God in attestation of a design to subvert both!
The President's plan, therefore, whether intended
or not, is an oath to encourage treason, and the
plan of the gentleman from Maryland is a pUn
to consummate revolution.
Uy no state of war, by no art of secession, by
no military power, by no possible or actual con-
dition, can this change in our policy be allowed
without a total subversion of our Government,
and without breaking down the principle of per-
manence and reinstating a new and worse revolu-
tion. Who is thereto deny the " normal suprem-
acy of the States over their domestic affairs ?" Is
u the jurist? I refer him to repeated decisions of
the Supreme Court, and of every other respecta-
ble authority in the jurisprudence of America. Is
it the historian? I refer him to the debates of the
Constitutional Convention and the history of our
States, both the original thirteen and those after-
wards admitted. Is it the diplomatist? I refer
him to Mr. Seward's dispatch, wherein he says:
" The rights of the States and the condition of every hu-
man being in them will remain precisely the same, whether
the revolution shall succeed or whether it shall fail. In
one case the States would be fedeially connected with the
new confederacy ; in the other thpy would, as now, be
members of the United States; but their constitutions and
/cat's, customs, habits, and institutions, in either case}uill re-
main the same
Is it an old line Whig? I refer him to Henry
Clay, who held that to break down the incontest-
able power of the State over its own institutions
was to break down both Federal and State con-
stitutions, and, beneath their ruin, to bury for-
ever the liberty of both white and black races. Is
it a Democrat'? Read your platforms for thirty
yearsand leain again the language of Jefferson and
Madison and the practical teachings of Douglas
in hjs-great contest for extending popular sover-
eignty over domestic matters from the States to the
Territories. Is it a Republican? I refer him to
the Chicago piaiform, which resolves that "the
maintenance, inviolate, of the rights of the States,
and especially the rights of each State to order
•and control its own domestic institutions accord-
ing to its own judgment exclusively, is essential
to that balance of power on which the perfection
and endurance of our political fabric depends."
Is it the members of^he last Congress? I refer
them to the Crittenden resolution, us to the rights,
dignity, and ecpiality of the States. Is it you,
Mr. Speaker, the exponent of the will of this
body? I lefer you to the lesolution you voted:
"That neither the Federal Government nor the
people, nor the governments of rion-slavcholding
States, have a purpose or a constilutiunalright to
legislate upon or interfere with slavery in any of
the States of the Union." Is it the President
himself? Oh! shameful treachery. Shame to
himselfand treachery to the trusting! Shall 1 re-
call ins repeated sayings by proclamation, calling
on soldiers to peul their lives, or by message,giv-
ing us his solemn convictions of duty? Shall I
refer to his message wherein ho lepudiated the
idea of disturbing the system of slavery, as for-
eign to his inclination and his duty,*or to his di-
rection to Mr. Seward to inform foreign Powers
that any effort to disturb thatsystem " on his part
would be unconstitutional?" Is it the philosophic
thinker? I refer him to the exposition of M. De
Tocqueville, (vol. 3, page G9,) who, better than
any one abroad, has examined the complex nature
of our Government, beginning with the township
•and rising through many grades to the Federal
authouty, and who found here, " two govern-
ments, completely separate and almost independ-
ent—the one fulfilling the ordinary duties and re-
sponding to the driily and indefirutecalls of a com-
munity, the other circumscribed within certain
limits, and only exercising an exceptional author-
ity over the general inteiests of the country.
These expiessions were irrespective of peace
or war. The independentspheres of national and
State governments were ever regarded in words,
if not in acts, by the veiy party in powei; and
now their test of loyalty is an oath to forswear
their own oaths ! Now their touchstone of pa-
triotism is an oath to commit political turpitude!
And this is called an amnesty ! This oath winch
is to be taken at once by loyal and disloyal men
is to be the sweet oblivious balm over past crime
by a clement Executive! Tins battering down
of the Constitution is to be the Ahiddm witchery
winch in a night is to reconstruct a ''perpetual
cosmos of beauty and pow.er out of the chaos of
civil conilict." Because we do not shout hosan-
nastothis new cosmos Democrats uie reproached
as favoring slavery. No, sir. Wedo not like sla-
very. For one, 1 say again as 1 have said before,
let it die, if die It must, not by the rough usages
of war, not by the starvation, miscegenation, or
extirpation of the black race, not by the strangu-
lation of State and popular sovereignty, but by
the voluntary and legal action of the States when
they are in a condition freely to express their
choice. Why use the sentiment against slavery
to crush out the fundamental principles of our
Government? Why, in striving to destroy sla-
very, drag down the pillars of the-Constitution ?
When to kill slavery you destroy the 44 balance
of powers on which the perfection and endurance
of our political fabric depends," I must and will
denounce you. How many expressions from the
other side of the Chamber have I been called upon
to denounce because they urge the abandonment
of our old and rare political fabric. These ex-
pressions are all impearled by an exquisite thinker
of the radical school, Senator Gratz Brown,
when he says:
" Who cares for the Union of the past—a Union fraught
with seeds of distinction—bitter with humiliations and
disappointments? Who believes in the grief of these hired
mourneis, so lachrymose bcfoie the world? They aienot
even self-deceived.* It l^ likewise with reeonsti unions.—
a free masonry that imagines it has only block? and stones
to deal with, or a child's play, that would biuld up as they
have'tumbled down its caid-castlea, putting affably the
court cards on top again. Foolish craftsmen, seeing not
that it is the life arteries and the tfiews and the sinews of
a nation's being that aie dealt with, and that it must be re-
generation or death."
The Union thus dismissed with so mucl*scorn
is the same Union which Lord Brougham called
(Political Philosophy, part 3, page 336) "the
very greatest refinement in social policy to which
any state of circumstances had ever given rise or
to which any age has ever given birth;" which
deserved his eulogy, because, as he held,there was
in it " the means for keeping its integrity as a
Federacy, by the maintenance of the rights and
powers of the individual States."
The Union as it should be—the Union of the
wise craftsmen of to-day, and not of the foolish
fathers who made it—is not the Union I have
learned to admire and loved to cherish; not the
Union which, for the past seven years, I have
plead here to maintain without blood and perpet-
uate without peril.
These plans of regeneration involve a change
in the stiucture of the Government. They break
down the spirit of municipal independence, in
destroying which, as De Tocqucville has shown,
you destroy the spirit of liberty. No matter
what form is left, the despotic tendency will inev-
itably appear when the local authority is usurped.
If you leave any form of government, it is the
will of the Executive, it is a despotic centraliza-
tion: Russian, Asiatic, the rule of military ba-
shaws or provincial kinglets. Whether appoint-
ed by Congress or the President they hold their
power from Washington, and they must remain
at the head of their tioops, and at the call of their
chief. Our Republic, then, deserves not its name.
It is no longer the " United States." It is a uni-
ted State, a geographical unit, holding together
subject provinces by the brute force of petty
tyrants.
Believing that the scope and aim of the procla-
mation will not restore the Union nor propitiate
any portion of the South, except demagogues and
hirelings, who sell their birthrightforlhe piiceof
powei, let us inquire what motive could have in-
duced the Piesident to pioclaim it, in a moment
of success to our arms and depression to the
South. O.ne suggestion will satisfy as to the mo-
tive. I am sorry to believe it; but the President
desires renonnnation. He is a man whose mind
has every angle but the right angle. In his na-
ture cunning contends with fanaticism. From
the time he developed his irrepressible conflict
doctrine, so much praised by the gentleman from
llhnois, [Mr. Arnold,] until its latest expression
m his last message, his course has been equivocal.
But meanwhile how shiewdly he has balanced
between the factions of his party. His inaugural
recognized Ins obligationsto the Constitution. He
would not interfere with slavery. How prodigal
were his promises to the border. How quick to
plant his foot on Phelps, Hunter, and Fremont,
tor playing Augustulus. He desired some day
to play Augustus. Abolitionism should bo
luUched under no influences but his own. How
he lectured one of his editors for impatience.
Consei vatives held up his hands while he pre-
vailed against these tadicals. He toyed with em-
ulation, colonization, and compensation schemes.
He made a gradual emancipation theory with a
