THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21^
which no report has been made, and of which
there isho record now before the country.
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Chairman, the respons-
ibilities of our action on this and all other bills
rest with this side of the House; and I think—
judgingby the results of the recentelections—that
it is to the actioHs'ahd opinions of this side of the
House that the people of the country, merchants,
bankers, and people of all classes, look, and look
with confidence. I remember to have once seen
a beggar craving a sixpence. The good lady from
whom he asked the boon declined making the
gift, but proposed to give him, instead thereof,
some advice; "Thank you, madam," said he,
" I am full of it." I feel, I must confess, a little
that "Way now—I have had quite enough of such
advice as we have been getting to-day.
What is asked of us, and how is it asked? The
proper committee oft,he House, that of Ways and
Means, moved thereto by the proper committee for
the purpose, that on Military Affairs,reportsabill
to appropriate a certain sum of money—a sum
within the estimates submitted t>y the Secretary of
War, the proper officer. And on the proposition to
appropriate money thus called for, the House is to
receive a lecture on the danger of expanding the
currency to the proportion of the French assignats,
' and other matters equally foreign to the subject.
There is no proposition to expand the currency
of the country before the House; nor is there any
disposition on the part of the majority to make an
•appropriation which shall not be legitimate, well
advised, and" in support of the great ends of the
Government. The recent electib'ns have told the
" men who hold the interests of the country in their
hands that the firlt great object, that nearest to
the heart of the people, is the immediate suppres-
sion of the rebellion. This bill, so well timed, is
important for the promotion of that desirable end.
We are on the eve of an adjournment which may
last for a fortnight. The Secretary of War tells
us he want's money on the eve of the draft now
seeming to be imminent, while volunteering is
yet active, for bounties, advance pay, and pre-
miums, wherewith to promote voluntary enlist-
ments. How shall we say to the people thatwe
arc supporting the war and crushing the rebellion
if, instead of passing the bill, we call upon the
Secretary of War to come up and tell us how he
is expending the $12,000,000 placed in his hands,
. by the express language of the act under which
that sum accrued, for the purpose of procuring
substitutes ?
1 shall not vote for the amendment of the gen-
tleman from New York; and I hope that, before
We adjourn, we will so vote on this question that
every loyal man in the country will feel that he did
right in voting for the men who are here, because
of their manifest disposition to vote all the men
and money that the war requires without equivoca-
tion or dodging, or holding to accountability, on
suggested suspicion, the heads of Departments.
A word, now, as to the anti-republican means
of replenishing our Army, denounced by the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Cox.] I voted for the
conscription bill,and am in favorof adraft,if ne-
cessary to make our Army adequate to its great
^rork. I have not yet seen the man in the coun-
try who is too good to owe it the utmost alle-
giance, even to the laying down of his life for it.
And I have yet seen no fairer way of getting an
nrmy than by putting all the names of the able-
bodied men of the country in the wheel and draw-
ing therefrom those whom Providence shall desig-
nate as its soldiers. I take the responsibility of
standing by the draft. True, I would rather see
the youth of the country doing as the regiments
from my own district, veterans who have borne
the brunt and shocks of war for well-nigh three
years, are doing, cheerfully and enthusiastically
volunteering again, determined to fill up the ranks
and move on to perfect conquest. But when there
comes a pause in volunteering, during which the
country needs soldiers,enforce the draft. Letthe
richest and the poorest, the humblest and the
proudest, march together in obedience to the laws
of our country to the support of its institutions.
I have failed to discover wherein it is anti-repub-
lican to make all stand equal before the law in their
liability to perform, even to the utmost, their duty
to the country.
Mr. COX. I can tell the gentleman where he
can find it laid down. If he will look in the work
of 0r. Lieber, called Civil Liberty, he will find it
laid down als against the genius of republican
institutions, as against our traditional policy as
inherited from Great Britain, against our history
as Anglo-Saxons, against she English and Amer-
ican Constitutions. And that authority of Dr.
Lieber is now being used by the Secretary of
War in codifying the laws of war for this Gov-
ernment. I refer the gentleman, very respectfully,
to that authority.
Mr. KELLEY. I have never seen the man
who was so wise that he was not liable to be mis-
taken on some point. And from the gentleman 5s
high authority I appeal to my own instincts, and
to the genuine republicanism of my countrymen.
[Applause in the galleries.]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must remind
the galleries that if these demonstrations are re-
peated, he will be compelled toasktheDoorkeeper
to clear the galleries.
Mr. STEVENS. I trust the committee is now
ready to come to a vote upon this joint resolution
without further discussion. 1 confess, that as this
matter did not come originally from the Committee
of Ways and Means, they had not had an oppor-
tunity to examine the estimates before reporting
it,,and that! was therefore led intoan errorin the
reply I made to the inquiry very properly made
by the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Brooks.]
Upon theexamination 1 have since made, I do not
find this $20,000,000 in the estimates of the Sec-
retary of the Treasuryss a deficiency. I do not
find that amount carried into the present year by
any of the officers of the Government. The esti-
mate, however, waa yesterday or the day before
sent to the Committee on Military Affairs, stating
that he wanted these $20,000,000 immediately for
bounties.
I was therefore mistaken in supposing that the
commutation money was included in this appro-
priation, because that commutation money, as we
are informed by the Secretary of the Treasury,
has never gone into the Tieeftury at all, but has
bqen used, us it very properly could be used under
the law, by the Government to procure substi-
tutes for those who took this method to avoid pro-
curing substitutes for themselves. That money
has therefore already been paid outto procure sub-
stitutes for drafted men to go into the Army.
That fund is then out of the question, and the
amendment of the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Brooks] is not, as I supposed, an amendment
proper to be adopted.
Again, I do not find the $10,000,000 I referred
to before, in the estimates, properly applicable to
this appropriation. That applies to the year end-
ing 30th of June, 1865, and therefore cannot prop-
erly be taken into account in any appropriation
for this year.
There is the sum of $177,000,000 required for the
whole pay of volunteers. Now, it will be recol-
lected that under the present law we are to pay $100
bounty to each man who volunteers, and the sum
of $30,OOP,000 is therefore required to pay the
bounties of the three hundred thousand men now
ordered out, tosave the draft. It is necessary that
this amount should be paid befoie the 5th of the
next month if the whole number is raised, and it
is to pro vide for the voluntary enlistments between
this time and the time the draft is ordered that
this $20,000,000 is wanted. Only $20,000,000 is
called for instead of $30,000,000, because itisnot
estimated that the whole number will be obtained,
and it will be observed that only so much of that
sum is appropriated as shall be found necessary.
I now, therefore, understand fully the estimates
sent to the Committee on Military Affairs; and
hoping that the entire $'20,000,000 will be required
before the 5th of January to pay the bounties of
the men who shall enlist, I trust the bill will pass
without opposition, and that the amendment of
the gerftieman from New York will not be adopted,
because, as I have stated, the commutation money
has not gone into the Treasury at all, as I inad
vertently supposed it had, and does not require
appropriation by us to enable the Government to
avail itself of it.
I have no time and no taste, upon a mere ques-
tion of appropriation, to enter into a political dis-
cussion. We shall have ample time hereafter to
discuss every matter, Buncombe included,and I
hope that upon a mere question of appropriation,
like this, the discussion will be confined to the
simple question very propeily put by the gentle-
man from New York, and to the appropriation of
$20,000,000, or so much thereof as may be neces-
sarv for this purpose. ■ "
Mr. KERNAN. I en ti rel y concurwi th thegeni
tleman who has just taken his seat in his desire
that we should waive, on this question, all party
and political discussion. And 1 want to say fur- ,
ther, that although I am not able, from the ex-
planation of the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, and of the chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs, to understand in
precisely what condition the fund which has been
raised by commutation money now remains, yet
it seemsjj, me that we need not at all, in deciding
upon the proposed appropriation, hesitate to vote
for it because we do not know in what way pre-
cisely or how that money is situated, or what por-
tion, if any, of it has been used.
1 feel a great desire that we should vote with
unanimity, and entire unanimity, for appropria-
ting the necessary money asked for by the Secre-
tary of War to aid in filling up our armies with
volunteers. I will not now be tempted to say one
word in reference to the other mode that has been
alluded to for raising troops. We all know that
throughout the country, in every gentleman's dis-
trict, 1 doubt not—I know it is so in my own—the
people of all parties are united in an effort to bring
forth the necessary men as we would desire to
have them come, voluntarily, to uplioldour flag,
maintain the authority of the Constitution, and
suppress those who have risen in arms to over-
threw the Constitution and Government under
which we have all so long and so happily lived.
It seems to me, therefore, that while, in accord-
ance with the suggestions which have been made,
we will all do our duty to our constituents in look-
ing carefully after the expenditures of money,
yet, on the present occasion, when we all know
large sums of money are needed and will be prop-
erlyapplied, when all parties agree in the propri-^
ety'of applying them to the raising of volunteers,""
we should with entire unanimity appropriate this
sum now called for, or so much of it as'may be
necessary to pay this bounty to volunteers. I
hope it will all be required by the volunteers who
wiil come forwaul, and thatwe shall thus have
our armies filled up to an extent that will result
in bringing to a speedy close this rebellion against
our Government. !
Mr. STROUSE. I am in favor of the amend-
ment submitted by the gentleman from New
Yoik, [Mr. Brooks.] Wo know that upwards of
$10,000,000 have been raised by what is called
commutation money under the conscription bill.
There is nothing improper or wrong in appropri-
ating this money to aid in raising volunteers, be-
cause it was raised for that purpose. And 1 will
say here, that whatever our individual opinions
may be in regard to the conduct of the war or the
acts of the Administration, I solemnly protest,
upon the part of this side of the House, against
the aspersions made by certain gentlemen upon
the other side as regards a factious spirit, throw-
ing impediments in the way of the Administration,
and to prevent the wheels of the Government from
rolling smoothly. Something has been said by
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Lovkjoy] about
the recent elections, charging us on this side of the
House with having no constituencies. 1 desire to
say that I represent here one of the largest dis-
tricts in the United States, and that I am not
opposed to favoring the Administration malljust,
legal, and constitutional demands. I have the
honor to represent a district which sent the fiist
company of volunteers to this capital for its de-
fense in the dark days of April, 186L And we
have sent from that district since the commence-
ment of the war seven thousand able-bodied men
for the support of the Government, the Union,
the Constitution, and the enforcement of the faw's.
I am in favor of appropriating as large a'sum
of money as may be necessary for the pur-
pose of paying liberal bounties to the men who
volunteer, and thus avoid all drafting or con-
scripting of our citizens. I am opposed to the
principle of conscription. I most solemnly pro-
test against the attacks which are made here on
the exercise of the right to criticise the acts and
conduct of the Administration. It is a privilege
we have and will maintain. We are the trustees
of-the people. We are sent here as the repre-
sentatives of all classes, and not to represent fac-
tions. I trust, therefore, that gentlemen now, in
this hour and in this crisis of our country, will rise
;
