THE CONGRESSIONAL' GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS. PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON. D.'O;
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, JUNE 21, 1864.
New: Series No, 193,
Mr. CONNESS. They will not consume it.
It will only be given to them to be used.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I will agree to ten
acres. •
Mr. BROWN. That was my original motion,
and I think I will let it stand at ten acres.
Mr. HOWE. It does not seem to me worth
■while to make this enterprise more expensive
than is absolutely necessary, and I suppose every
Senator knows it will cost the Government four
times as much to survey and set out ten acres
from a forty acre tract as the forty acre tract is
worth to the Government.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope the amendment
will not prevail. The Senator from Iowa [Mr.
Harlan] lias a proposition that I will agree to.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Ten acres will make
a town every fifteen miles on this line. I think
ten acres is as much as we ought to give them.
If gentlemen fear the expense of survey they can
put in a provision that the expense of the survey
shall be borne by the company. Ten acres is as
large as these stations ought to be, every fifteen
miles. I hope the Senate will limit the amount,
and I would propose an amendment that the sur-
vey of ihe ten acies, the town, shall be made at
the expense of the telegraph company.
Mr. CONNESS. I move to amend the amend-
ment by inserting the smallest legal subdivision,
forty acres, instead of ten acres. I hope that will
be determined, and that we shall not waste time on
so small a matter.
Mr. LANE, ofKansas. Is forty acres accepted
on all hands? ["Yes."] If the Senate agree to it
all round 1 will not object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on striking out " one quarter section," and
inserting " forty acies."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I move to amend the first
section by striking out in the nineteenth, twen-
tieth, and twenty-first lines, the words "granted
to said parties the use of such unappropriated
lands not exceeding forty acres for each filteen
miles of line constiucted;" and inserting in lieu
thereof:
Gianted to said parties the use of so much unappro-
priated public lauds jiot sold,granted, reserved, preempted,
uoi oc. upied by home-tend settlers, as may he necessary
for stations, not exceeding otic quarter section for eacli
filteen miles of line constructed acioss the public lauds
ot the United States, to long as the same may be used for
said put pope.
Mr. BROWN. That has "one quarter sec-
tion" in it.
Mr. HARLAN. I will suggest to the Senator
that out on the plains, a long distance from set-
tlements, u may be necessary for those who watch
the stations to cultivate the lands to secure a sub-
sistence; and.if they have the use and occupancy
of a quarter section of land it may become t ie
nucleus of a new settlement. The fee is not to be
enjoyed by the company; they only have the en-
joy inent of the land as long as they use it for sta-
tions. It seems to me no detriment will resultto
the Government.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have no objection to the
amendment.
Mr. BROWN. I submit whether the amend-
ment is in order. The ongin&l bill fixed one
hundred and sixty acres, and we havejust stricken
it out and substituted forty acres. Now it is pro-
posed to .strike out forty acres and insertonehun-
dieu and sixty.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There are other
words to be stiicken out with those. This amend-
ment is in order.
Mr. HARLAN. It seemed to me there was
some uncertainty in the language of the bill as it
stood It said a quarter section for each fifteen
miles of the hue. A large portion of the line may
not be across the public lands; and it would not
be pioper, it seems to me,to select pubhc lands
for any line not built across the public lands. I lie
language of the blil unamended wou.d convey the
Use'of a much larger quantity of land than thi-
amendment will. This will only convey so
much as may be necessary tor stations, not ex-
ceeding one hundred and sixty acies. If a less
quantity should be necessary they will only be
enabled to hold the smaller quantity.
Mr. BROWN. 1 trust theamendment will not
be adopted, because it virtually restores the bill to
what it was before. In the first place, I move to
amend the amendment by striking out " fifteen
miles" and inserting " fifty miles."
The amend men t to the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BROWN. I now move to amend it by
striking out " one quaiter section" and inserting
" forty acres."-
Thoamendmentto the amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the amendment of the Senator from
Iowa as amended.
The amendment was*xgreed to.
Mr. TEN EYCK. There is one amendment
I wish to propose that has relation to the subsidy
in the third section. 1 move to strike out the
proviso nt the end of the section. I do not mean
to use anv words; the reason of it has been dis-
cussed and stated, and I trust the Senate will see
the propriety of it.
The proviso proposed to be stricken out was
read, as follows:
Provided, That if, dtirinz any of the fifteen years afore-
said, the busmes* done for tb<  United States under said
contract shall, at tin* ordnmiv rat*' of chaise tor puynte
pxeed th.'-uni 01 *1011,000. ait account thnoot',
duty authenticated,>hal! be |)ies  Mit"d to tlie Secretary of
tiie Tiea^ury. who shalL certity the same to Oongiess lot
payment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have read that over two
or three times, but I confess myself at a loss to
understand what it means.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move to strike out
" $100,000" and insert " $50,000. " The original
hill proposed $100,000 per annum; and the sum
named in the proviso was overlooked when the
amount was changed. It should be $50,000 to
correspond with the bill.
Mr. TEN EYCK. It needs something more
^Mr. CHANDLER. I will attend to that in a
moment.
Mr. TEN EYCK. It now reads, " provided,
that if during any of the fifteen years aforesaid.'
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 will move- to stiilce out
"fifteen" and insert "ten."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Michigan moves to amend the proviso by
striking out "fifteen" and inserting " ten, and
stnktneout" $100,000"txnd inserting" $50,000.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I do not think it will an-
swer yet according to my judgment. The object
is to secure $50,000 by way of subsidy for ten
years as the bill is now amended to this company,
aftei the line shall have been completed If that
be the object and the sole obje.-t, why have any
account kept to be "presented to the Secretaiy
of the Treasury who .-diall ceitify the same to
Congress for payment5" Does not thatcontem-
plate that we are to nay any amount of charge
they may ask; Why say $500,000 at all.
Mr. CHANDLER. Up to tne $o0,000, of
couise, we shail have paid. Are you not willing
if you use the wires to the amount of $100,000
to pay for it ? ' . . . .
Mr TEN EYCK. That is your object, isilf
Mr! CHANDLER. Certainly.
Mr FESSENDEN. 1 was not sure that 1
understood this befoie, and it seems that it was
not exacily understandable. Now, the amend-
ment makes it look more hke something. It 1
u XS it now, and 1 nature of the chairman
of the Committee on Commerce, we are to pay
$50,000 for ten years, at any rate, 'whel '^
have use for it to the extent ot fi*c, ten.fiftien oi
twenty thousand dollars. 1 bey are to have that
no matter how small the use of it may be on om
part, or if we do not use it at ah; but if use
it any more than that, we are to pay the excess
on whatever we do use. That is the idea.
One thing more. They are of course to fix
their own rate of charges for private message6'
Being the only line, having- do competitors, they
may charge precisely what they please. They
will fix their own tariff of charges; weirfiaU have
no control over it. They'having fixed that', w«
are to give them $50,000 a year at all events,and
if at the rate they charge for private messages',*
notwithstanding all we do for them, they can
bring up the charge for Government business to
over fifty thousand dollars in any year, we ar6to
pay that excess, whatever they -choose to malce
it. Thatis the plain construction of it. All I havi
to say about it is that it is simply monstrous;; -in the
shape of a bargain or anything of that kind w«
have no advantage, but every disadvantage; and
the Government and the public, after it is built,
are to be entirely at the mercy of the compafiy.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator voted in my
presence to pay §70,000 a year to the Atlantia
Telegraph Company under precisely the same
circumstances in every respect.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is the Senator certain
that I voted for it ?
Mr. CHANDLER. I think so. I did,
Mr. FESfeENDEN. You did; that is another
matter. The Senator had bettergo back andlodjt
at the record. If I voted for it, I did it very much
ugainst my will,and very much against myjudg-
ment. I might have been carried away, but ray
impression is that 1 did not vote for it.
Mr. CHANDLER. We reserve the right to
alter, amend, or take away these privileges.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Undoubtedly, but when
do we ever alter, amend, or take them away f The
interest that can control this thingso strongly as
it evidently does here now can control it then quite
as easily, in my judgment. In the first place, how
does the matter stand before the Senate? We
have a bill reported from a committee, but we
have no statement of facts, we have no report, we
have nothing from the committee itself. We'are
told that there are certain contracts, and when the
chairman of the committee is inquired of what
those contracts are, life says he does not know,
he does not remember what they are, and in a few-
minutes after he says that he has teen studying
the subjectfor three months.
Mr CHANDLER. I gave, the substantial facts.
Mr. FESSENDEN. "Very well; but it would
seem as if the facis upon which the bid is predi-
cated should be familiar at least to the commit-
tee. It is the third bill of this kind that ever I
saw brought in where a leport was not made,
and where the papers on which the report was
predicated were not brought in for the Senate to
look at and see what the tacts were.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator has had tha
report on his desk for more than a week.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The report of the com-
mittee ?
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes. •
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have not seen It. Are
the contracts printed ?
Mr. CHANDLER. No.
Mr. FESSENDEN, Whyarenotthecontraeta
reported and printed, that we may see what th«y
are? 1 should like to read the contracts myself,
especially as no member of the committee is pre-
pared to tell me what they oie.
Mr McDOOGALL. Allow me to suggest to
the Senator from Maine that the proposition now
is to do something in the form of a legislative con-
tract between the United Statenaml these parties.
What has that to do wiih other outaioe contracts,
supposing this to be a good contract for the Gov-
ernment under the circumstances' '
Mr. FESSENDEN. But I am called upon to
hcl" to make this*contract, and I should like to
see'the papers oil which the contract that i arc*
called upon to vote for is predicated, or tojiave
somebody tell me what they are ,
Mr. McDOOGALL. All that the ofheers of the
Government are authorized to do is contained m
the provisions of this bill; and what contracts may
have been made with outside persons in foreign
t0Rlr.SFESSEN DEN. But what I want to know is
what contracts have been made with foreign C°v-
«rnments. Itf.set&rththatgemehavebeenmade,
193
