3074
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 18,
Mr. McDOUGALL. I do not see the import-
ance of that.
Mr, FESS£N£>EN. I do. Because the Sen-
ator does not see it, it is no reason why I should
not see it so far as 1 am concerned. I am afraid
it is not considered of any consequence, but I
should like to know something about it and have
the liberty to examine it.
/Mr. HP WE. What is the importance of
knowing what that contract is?
Mr. FESSENDEN. How do I know butthat
this story of a contract being made with foreign
Governments is all got up?
Mr. CHANDLER. I tell you wc have seen it.
Mr.FESSENDEN. Why should I notseeit?
Mr. GH ANDLER. What would the Senatoi
from Maine think if I were to demand that he
should show me every iota of proof of statements
made before the Committee on Finance?
Mr.FESSENDEN. Certainly. Iahouldshow
it to the Senate without hesitation.
Mr. CHANDLER. Suppose I were to get up
here and ask him to present every single iota of
proof before his committee on every bill?
Mr.FESSENDEN. 1 always produce papers
when called for.
Mr. CHANDLER. If I were to ask such a
thing I should consider it a piece of dowmight
impertinence.
* Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator has a very
queer idea of impertinence. His idea is that he
can bring in a bill founded upon papers, tell us
what the papers are, and if we call for them say
he does not know what is in them.
Mr. CHANDLER. I did not say any such
thing. I told you what was in them substan-
tially. The papers were before the Committee on
Commerce for months.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In answer to a question
put by lite Senator from Iowa, if I recollect aright,
the Senator from Michigan said he could not re-
member what was in the papers. Does he deny
that he told the Senator from Iowa that he did
not remember a certain fact in those papers?
Mr. CHANDLER. I had not them with me,
but I stated substantially what was m them.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Did not the Senator
make that answer to the Senator from Iowa? lias
the contract been before the committee?
Mr. CHANDLER, It has been for months.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from New
Jersey says he never saw it.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I am a member of
that committee, and 1 say those contracts were
before th«  committee.
Mr. TEN EYCK". They may have been, but
I have not seen them.
Mr. LANE,of Kansas. Our action was pred-
icated upon the contracts made by Mr. Collins
with foreign Governments. My action was gov-
erned solely by those contracts.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is possible, barely
possible,* that I might have as good an opinion
of my ability to constiue and understand a con-
tract, and what U meant, as I should have of the
ability of the chairman of the Committee on Com-
merce to do t.he same tiling.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will inform the Senator
that the Committee on Commerce has upon it as
able lawyers as he is himself, and that legal talent
is there as well as on some other committees.
That committee examined it critically. His col-
league, if he were present, would explain ail the
legal points to him quite as well as he could him-
self if he had been on the committee.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 have no question about
that; and I was not disputing but that the honui-
able Senator himself was as able as I was to con-
strue a contract. All I said was tiiat perhaps I
might have as good an opinion of my ability to
construe and understand a contract as I had of
his; at any rate, it would be quite as satisfactory
to myself. Further, I have a curiosity to see it,
and before 1 act I do not see why my curiosity
should not bo gratified in relation to the matter,
or why, when I call for the production of a paper
which I would like to see upon winch to predi-
cate my action, I should be told that it is a piece
of impei tinence to ask to see a contract on which
our committee have acted.
Mr. CHANDLER. I did not say that. I
said that if I demanded the same thing from you
it would be so regarded.
Mr, FESSENDExNT. I should think the in-
ference was very obvious. It is a new idea to
me. I am getting: to learn something. I am in-
formed by the Senator from New Jersey that
there is not only no contract here, but no report
from the committee.
Mr. CHANDLER. The committee adopted
the report of the Secretary of State as their re-
port.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It may be; but I have
not seen it.
Mr, LANE, of Kansas. Did I understand the
Senator from Maine to say that the Senator from
New Jersey declared that the contracts were not
before the committee?
Mr. FESSENDEN. He said there was no
contract that he was aware of.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I stated that I never saw
one. I was told by the Senator from Michigan
that the contracts were among the papers. I have
gone to the desk and looked at the papers, and I
see a copy of some paper, but no original, and
there is no report from the committee except the
letter of the Secretary of State commending this
proposed telegraphic enterprise.
Mr. CHANDLER. 'Which the committee
adopted.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Do I understand the
Senator from New Jersey to say 
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 am entitled to the floor;
but 1 yield to this conversation, winch seems to
be very interesting.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I stated that these
contracts were before the committee.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I say I never saw them.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. And the originals
were there.
Mr. JOHNSON. The Senator from New Jer-
sey says they aie not here.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Do I understand the
Senator from New Jersey to say that the con-
tracts were not before the committee?
Mr. TEN EYCK. No, sir; you did not. I
never was so blind and rash as that. I say I never
saw them, and they are not here now with the
papers.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The contracts were
before the committee.
Mr. HALE. Let me inquire of the Senator
from Kansas whether the original contracts were
in the Russian or in the English language.
[Laughter.]
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The contracts were
before the committee, and Mr. Collins was be-
fore the committee with the contracts. I do not
remember in what language they were. My
knowledge of the Russian has become somewhat
dull since I studied the language, [laughter,] and
it is not likely I could have read them in that
language.
Mr. CONNESS. I think the whole question
is very well set forth in the communication from
the Department of §iatc, and the question of con-
tract, as it is called, pretty well determined, too,
by a paragraph in that communication where the
honorable Secietary says:
<{ The only political difficulty in the way of the enter-
pnse is the faei that :t requirr^ eoneerted aul from three
several Status, namely, the United State-*, Great Britain,
and Uus^in. The two 1-ist named Powers have nheady,
with enlightened and traternailiberahty towaid the United
State?,, made ail the concessions which were demanded.
Therefore U Congress shall grdu' the application of Mr.
Collins, no political obstacle will remain."
I do not ki'fow what the Senators mean by talk-
ing of a contract, and predicating their action upon
the production of the original papers or certified
copies of them between Mr. Collins and the Eng-
lish Government and Mr. Collins and the Rus-
sian Government. I think it is rather an excep-
tionable exception, if the language be permissible,
i have in my hand here also the report of the
committee ofthe House of Representatives,which
I will not weary the Senate by reading, though
it appears as 1 cast my eye over it to be very clear
and concise upon the whole subject, giving its
facts. I apprehend thatall the facts going to verify
and necessary to verify the substantiality of the
arrangements made between those two Govern-
ments and Mr. Collins are accessible to the hon-
oiable Senator from Maine. I have also here in
my hand a repoit made by my piedecessor in
this body, Hon. Milton S. Latham, made at the
second session of the Thirty-Seventh Congress.
This appears to be very complete on the subject
and veiy concise.
But withoutspending more time on this branch
of the subject, 1 adopt the question propounded
by the honoiable Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Howe,] of what consequence is it to us that we
shall call for the production of thecontmcis, as
they are termed here—the concessions, perhaps
more properly speaking—made by the Govern-
ments of Russia and Great Britain to this com-
pany or to their agent? The honorable Senator
from Maine says it is important to him. I am
willing to concede that, but it is not important to
me. 1 am prep'ared to vote on the information
before me. I think the honorable Senator from
Maine is not very friendly to this measure. I do
not mean to underrate the weight of his argu-
ments nor to try them by that position. But it
appears to me that after the length of time which
has been spent upon the measure it is, to say the
least, a strange mode of opposition.
The honorable Senator, I think, might with
great credit to himself—he will permit me to say
that—take a prominent part in promoting a meas-
ure of this kind. I do not know any measure
that has been before this body that is so pregnant
with important results to the nation of which the
distinguished Senator is so bright an ornament.
I have before me, as I before observed, m these
communications the necessary facts, I think, to
predicate votes and action upon, very clearly and
concisely set forth. I will take pleasure, if the
Senator desires them, in sending them to his desk.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President 
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think I cannotgive way
any longer. I gave way to several gentlemen to
hold a conversation when I was discussing the
question.
Mr. CONNESS. I did not know that I was
trespassing. I beg the Senator's pardon.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I was about to say that
with reference to my own action in the Commit-
tee on Finance, I have always held myself ready
to produce any paper upon which our action
was predicated, and I have often been called upon
and the paper was forthcoming. I never regarded
it as anything else than a duty on my part to pro-
duce it, and i never regaided it as anything else
than a desire on the partof the Senator calling for
it to get accurate information, more than 1 could
convey by language, and certainly very proper in
itself. That is the view in which I have looked
at it, and I was applying the same rule precisely
to the case under consideration.
The question about this matter is this: how
much would our partof this telegraph, if we Irid
it built, be worth to us unless the other part of
it was built? Just nothing at all. Then it be-
comes us to inquire what the probabilities are
and what the binding obligations are. With re-
gard to that, I have frequently found a benefit in
understanding a question and seeing what its prob-
abilities were, in looking myself at the papers on
which action was proposed to be predicated; and
therefore in this case, and in the case of the other
telegraph company, i deemed it not improper
to comment upon the fact that those papeis
should be seen by Senators, and ought to be
printed for the use of the Senate, that we may
examine them before we act upon a question so
important as this is. I did not impute any de-
sign to any one; far from it; it was a suggestion
which I thought an important and a mateual one,
and I am quite sorry that the honorable Senator
from Michigan should have taken it in any de-
gree amiss.
I did not intend when I rose to say anything
on the main question, having made up my mind
originally how 1 should vote upon it; and my
conclusion was that I should not vote for the bill
so long as it contained an appropriation of money
to the amount of $50j000a year for ten years, and
an indefiniteamountas itwould seem afterwards.
My view is based simply on this leason: it isan
undertaking that can wait; it is not material to
the development of the resources of this country
that it should be done this year or the next; it
can wait; and when we are pressed as we are in
every direction by matters which relate to the sal-
vation of the country itself, and as Senators know
and complain pressed in every direction m the
strongest manner with regard to money, this idea
of embarking in a contract which is of no partic-
ular importance this year any more than next
year, winch no public exigency now calls for in
any way, seems to me to be unwise.
