3864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3075
Another thing. I have seen and heard no tes-
timony whatever in rclaiion to the question
whether the amount of money proposed to bo ap-
propriated is necessary in order to insure the com-
pletion of the woik. It has been stated here on
this floor that this line would be built without
the appropriation of any money at all; that if we
give the assistance which is inquired by the. bill
of a vessel and certain other piivileges which are
ubked for, and about which perhaps there is no
dispute, that would be all that would be requited,
because the work was of such a character that it
would pay for itself, and was in the hands of men
thnt were abundantlyable to undertake it. Itwas
stated by a Senator on the floor at first that we
shall secure to the amount of $50,000 the service
of this company after the telegraph i.s built. But
it seems we shall be no better off m consequence
of the contract than before, because we have got
to nay at all event?? and till hazards at (he going
rates, whatever the company may choose to call
them, for every communication (hat we make
abtoad. I think it was the honoiable Senator
from Wisconsin [Mr. Doolitti.e] who said that
we shall have their services to the amount of
$50,000 a year at all events, and that is all we
shall have. Jo pay for ten years. The Senator did
not observe that by the bill as it stands we have
no security about that. We have got to pay the
$50,000 if we do not use the telegraph to the ex-
tent of $10,000 a year in the way of communica-
tion. Gentlemen said it was not a subsidy. Does
not that look like a subsidy? They said it was
not a bonus. Does it not look like a bonus? We
must pay the $50,000 whether we use tlie line to
the amount of fifty dollars or not; but if the service
they do amounts to a dollar over the §50,000 w<*
must pay the excess; and on what terms? On
just such terms as the company itself, perfectly
independent, chooses to establish. It will have
no rival; it will have no competing line*, it may
charge one dollar or one h undred dollars for every
word it communicates. All the power we have
is the power to repeal the charter, but our money
will be paid and our expenses incurred.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. As the honorable Senator
has lefened to me, he will allow me just at this
point to .say a word in relation to the pi oviso pro-
viding for certifying the excess to Oorigiess for
payment. My attention was not particularly
calh-d to that provision in the bill until the dis-
cussion occurred after I had spoken, and in rela-
tion to it I confess there was some ambiguity in
my mind as to what it meant. My own opinion
is on further looking at the proviso that the in-
tention of the committee musthave been to certify
the excess over $100,000 to Congress for pay-
ment. The (-fleet, I think, must have been in-
tended tube to pay them $50,000a year, provided
the Government business should not excccd
§100,000; but if it should exceed §,100,000 the
excess owr that should be certified for payment.
Mr. FESSENDEN1. Thnt was the explanation
which was at fustgiven to me, hut on looking at
it I saw (hat u did not meet that, and that is the
reason of the inquiry I made of the chairman, and
then the chairman filters it and puts it in the po-
sition if is now, striking out ^100,000 and insert-
ing $50,000. We are to pay ^50,000 a year for
ten years, whether we have lutie service or much,
oi none at all, and if we exceed the §50,000 at the
rates they choose to establish, all they have to do
is to send in their bill and ii is to be certified to
Con^ivss for payment, which means that Con-
gress must provide for payment.
Mi. DOOLITTLE. I will say to the honora-
ble Senator that in relation to the charges of this
company, I have drawn an amendment which 1
intend to offer, providing that the amount ot
charges over this line shall not exceed the oidi-
rmryj usual lates for the same service in Europe
and in America. I think it is well enough that
there should be a limitation on that subject.
Mt. COWAN. 1 should like to say one word
juM 'it this point. How are the public to compel
rli!^ company after it is chartered to exercise us
iuxnrlusts f<M- their benefit? Thete ere no rates
fW- d in the hill. If« g'> to the company to have
■wl.-Ma>n earru d, what am I to do ii they re-
i.ise? ' H-iw am i to tender them the amount to
winch they a e < milled, and compel them to carry
tho message? This line may be ofno use what-
ever to the community under the present form of
the bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President 
Mr. WILSON. I ask the Senator from Maine
to yield to y'low me to move for an executive ses-
sion. There aie some important matters that
ought to bo actcd upon in executive session to-
day.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well.
Mr. McDOUOrALL. The business of yes-
terday was urged in the Senate, and I may say
foiccd on some Senators. I trust that now those
Senators who believe this really to be a measure
of great public importance will not leave the po-
sition we have been arguing for several hours,
when the measuie lias been resisted, not by pub-
lic considerations, but by technical exceptions for
the purpose of defeating action as it has seemed
to mo. I will not charge that as having been the
nfotive of any Senator, but so it has appeared to
me. i trust we may have a vote on this meas-
ure. Either let it hi: a thing accomplished or let
it. be defeated.
Mr. WILSON. I do not know that the Sen-
ator fiom California is authorized to make the
statement he has made. There have been several
amendments proposed to this hill which have
been adopted. I understand the Senator from
Wisconsin to have another to propose. This is
a very important bill and its friends have taken
it up to-day and have had the matter considered,
it is Saturday afternoon, nearly half past four
o'clock, and there are some nominations that
ought to be acted upon to-day, and there is one
especially that a request was made a day or two
ago that we should get through this week, and I
supposed we should have an opportunity to do
it. That is tho reason I made my motion. ,
Mr GRIMES. Will the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts withdraw his motion to enable me to
make a motion to print some of these papers5 I
find among the papers in this case copies of the
Russian and English grants to this telegraph
company. I want to have them printed,so that
when we come together on Monday we may see
what they really are.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Massachusetts has moved an executive scs-
sio n.
Mr. MeDOUGALL. I will suggest for the
information of Senatois that, as we have been
advised that this b a vast corporation and will
make infinite profit, an amendment be made that
twenty-five per cent, of the net profits of the
whole enterprise be appiopriated specifically to,
first, the purchase of the New Jersey railroads,
and after that for the extinguishment of thefUhing
bounties on the New England coast.
Mr.WILSON. 1 withdraw the motion I made,
simply to reply in a woid to the Senator from
California. .
The PRESIDENTpi-o/fmportf. The motion for
an executive session is withdrawn.
Mr. WILSON. 1 do notknow what rierht the
Senator from California has to make tho sugges-
tions that he has made, or to throw out the in-
sinuations he has thrown out heie to-day. Cer-
tainly, so far as I am concerned, I have proposed
but one amendment to the bill, which the com-
mittee accepted, and it was adopted without one
word of opposition fiom any quarter. I do not
know why a fling should be made at the Stale of
Massachusetts or Maine.
Mr. MeDOUGALL. I did not design it as a
fiino- at the State of Massachusetts.
Mi. WILSON. I came into the Senate with
the expectation of voting for this bill, and I ex-
pect todo it yet; but there have been things brought
up on this bill that 1 had not contemplated, and I
want an opportunity to examine it; and propo-
sitions are being made to amend it; us veiy de-
voted filends tell us that they piopose amend-
ments to it. Now, sir, there are some matters in
executive session that ought to he acted on.
Mr GRIMES. I ask the unanimous consent
of tho'Senate to have certain papers printed that
are connected with this bill m order to enlighten
our understanding;—the concisions or grunts
lTK>de by the Ru*s;j.i and DritiMi (governments.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. 'I he C.m;r
hears nu objection, and the order piuUwill be
made. . ,
Mr. WILSON. I lenew my motion foi an
executive session.
Mr. HALE, f move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion in adjourn was not agieed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I hope wo shall
not go into executive session, but will try and
act upon this bill.
. Mr. FESSENDEN. There are papers to be
printed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I know there are; but I
understand, I think, the motion to print those
papers. For myself, 1 have no special interest
tn this bill; I was inclined to look favoi'aMy upon
something of the kind. I have liotexamined the
bill very carefully 
Mr. WILSON. .The motion for an executive
session is pending.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am opposed to going
into executive session,
Mr. FESSENDEN. The motion is not de-
batable.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is debatable, andithas
been so decided, I will inform the Senator from
Maine; and as a reason for not going into exec-
utive session,! desire to state that I think it would
be more advisable to proceed with this bill. I
think it would be more advisable to do so because
of the character of the opposition which has been
made to it, and especially because of some of the
allusions which have fallen from the Senator from
Maine. In the course of his remarks, when it
was suggested by some one that this bill was in
the power of CongreS3 and might be repealed at
any time, he replied thatthesameiniluericescould
control Congress 011 the question of repeal as con-
trolled it here now. If the Senator from Maine
meant by that to insinuate that improper influ-
ences were controlling members of the Senate in
then action on this bill, it was unparliamentary;
it was out of order; and if lie did not mean that,
I do not know what he did mean; and I would say
to the Senator from Maine that it is quite as prob-
able that improper influences may l ave controlled
those opposing the bill as those who are for the
bill; quite as probable that they may have been
plied by rival interests as those favorable to the
bill. . ,
Mr. GRIMES. What rival interest is there i
Mr. TRUMBULL. Lobbyists about here
electioneering with Senators to get them to go
against this bill.
Mr. GRIMES. What rival interest is there to
this bill ? That is what 1 want to know.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not choose myself
even to insinuate that Senators are governed by
improper motives. I never made such an insin-
uation against any Senator in my life. I en-
deavor to address myself to the question under
consideration if I see anything about it; I never
impute improper motives, or attempt to huut up
motives other than those governing the public con-
ductof men for theiractions. I never malce those
imputations; 1 do not.impute them now; and lam
not going to say to the Senator from Iowa that I
suppose any improper motive has been brought
to bear upon any Senator to oppose this bill, but
I say it i s just as reasonable to supposeit one way
as the other, and J think they are very improper
allusions and unparliamentary allusions upon
either side. .
The object of this bill is not to involve tho
country in such a great undertaking as to alarm
the nation. Possibly it had best not be passed
at all I have been thinking about the bill. I
have been favorably inclined toward it, because
I thought it was inaugurating a great enterprise
with very little expense, and nothing is to be
paid unless it is a success, and then but pU,UUU
a year to be paid on a contract to be made by the
Secretary of State of the United States after this
work is completed. It is said there are no lim-
itations in tho bill. Perhaps there ought to be
some in it. The Senator fiom Maine is very astute,
and in a moment he could have proposed limita-
tions that would obviate any defects of that kind,
if any are necessary besides the limitation of in-
terest which will be upon the company of course.
They will want to do business. It will be no
object for any set of men to construct a telegraph
ami then do no business upon it; and whatever
mice thev ch.nge individuals they are to charge
the Guvf rninent of the United States. They
would have to charge, I presume, reasonaote
prices to command business; but if it is neces-
sary to fix the lates, that is another considera-
| tion It is perhaps better that they should be
fiTdesired to make these remarks in opposition
