18§3:
THE* COWmiSSfOTAl, &L01S.
w
$20,000,000, or so much thereof as may be neces-
sary, shall be used for the purpose of paying
bounties."
Mi*. JOHNSON. It would avoid the difficulty,
if those words were in.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to make a sug-
gestion. I think the question made by thfc Sen-
ator from Ohio ought to be met, and met here at
once. I fully concur in all that he has said. 1
propose, if the amendment which has been sug-
gested by the Senator from Massachusetts shall
be adopted, as I hope it will be, to move another
amendment, to add a proviso to the section:
Provided, That no part of the amount herein appropri-
ated shal 1 be paid tr> any persons who may be enlisted after
the 5th day of January next.
That will bring it within the principle of the
bill yesterday.
Mr. JOHNSON. The efFectftf that would be
to confine the bounties to those already enlisted?
Mr. FESSENDEN. To those already en-
listed and those who may be enlisted before the
5th of January.
The amendment of Mr. Wilson was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 now propose to amend
the resolution by adding this proviso:
Provided. That no part of the amount herein appropri-
ated shall be paid to any persons who may be enlisted after
the 5th day of January next.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will ask that the joint
resolution may be laid aside for a moment. I do
not know but that it may need another amend-
ment.
* The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be laid aside
informally, if there be no objection.
Subsequently Mr. FESSENDEN said: I move
a reconsideration of the vote by which the amend-
ment I offered was adopted, for the purpose of
presenting another in lieu of it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maine proposes to modify the amendment which
has just been agreed to by the Senate. It will be
regarded as before the Senate, if there be no ob-
jection. The Chair hears none. The amendment,
as modified, will be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Provided, That no bounties, except such as arc flow pro-
vided by law, shall be paid to any person enlisted atter the
5th day of Januaiy next.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Iobjectto thatmodifica-
tion, if the objection be in time. That will in-
volve the very question discussed yesterday, and
will surely delay the passage of this resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question, then,
is on reconsidering the vote of the Senate by which
it agreed to the amendment in its original form.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maine now proposes to amend his original amend-
ment so that it will read:
Provided, That no bounties^ except such as arenow pro-
vided by law, shall be paid to any person enlisted after the
5th day of Januaiy next.
The question is on agreeing to that umendment
to the amendment.
Mr. HARRIS. If it is in order, I will move
to amend that, by striking out the "5th day of
January" and inserting the " 2d day of Febru-
ary."
The VICE PRESIDENT. This is an amend-
ment to an amendment. The Senator from Maine
moves to amend his original amendment, and no
further amendment is in order.
Mr. HARRIS. He modifies his amendment,
as I understand.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Indiana was understood as objecting to the mod-
ification, and it therefore required a vote. Is the
Chair right?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Yes, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The proposition of the
Senator from New York brings us back to the
question, whether we are prepared to say'that we
will pay §100,000,000 for bounties, as we shall
probably have to do if we extend the time -to Feb-
ruary; and if so, where we are to raise the money to
discharge our obligations. I will only say to the
Seriate that if we propose to go on in that way we
shall involve our Treasury in difficulties from
which it will be impossible to extricate it. That
is my judgment.
Mr. HARRIS. Mr. President, I see that the
chairman of the Committee on Finance,and other
members of that committee, are alnrmed, and I
have no doubt they are sincerely alarmed, with
reference to the means of paying these bounties.
But, sir, it seems to me that we are approaching
a point where we may as well look the thing
squarely in the face. The question is, whether
we shall dispense with recruiting; whether we
shall say to the three years' men whose times are
about expiring, " we cannotgiveyou the bounty
promised in the proclamation of the 17th of Octo-
ber;" we must arrest all volunteering; we must
say to the country and the world, " we have not
the means to pay bounties any more; we must
rely entirely upon drafting;" for that is the ob-
ject of this proposition. As soon as Congress
passes it, if I understand its effect, it immediately
arrests ail volunteering. Are we prepared to say
that to the country ? 1 do not understand finances
very well; but, in my judgment, the cheapest
mode of raising an army will be by bounties.
We all agree that we must have our Army re-
plenished; we must have a large portion of these
three hundred thousand men, and we ought to
have them, within the next sixty days. Sir, we
can get them by going on with this system of re-
cruiting. We all know that recruiting is now
going on rapidly in most parts of the country,
and if it can be continued even until the 2d of
February, we shall get a very respectable army;
but if we arrest it now, and turn the Government
over to the system of drafting, we know from
experience that we have little to expect for sev-
eral months at any rate from that source. We
may as well look this question in the face. If we
have not the means and cannot raise the means
for payingbounties to enlisted soldiers, let us say
so to the country, and stop recruiting; but depend
upon it, our Army is not to be filled up in time
for the spring campaign by a draft. I am in favor
of going on with recruiting. We have just got
well started with that system. Let it go on for'
thirty days more, and let us replenish our armies.
I have no doubt myself but what the means can
•be obtained for paying these bounties.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, if this was
simply a question as to which was the cheaper
mode of raising an army, 1 might agree with
the Senator from New York that it was cheaper
and better to raise soldiers by the payment of
large bounties; but that is not the question. The
question is, whether we are probably able to
raise the money we pledge by this law. What
means are in the hands of the Secretary of the
Treasury? He has no authority to issue any
more greenbacks, as they are called. That au-
thority is limited to the $400,000,000 now out-
standing. Indeed, if he had the authority, it
would not he wise to exercise it, for the simple
reason that a laigcr inflation of our currency
would tend to raise prices and increase the ex-
penses of the war. The experience of the rebels
and the experience of all nations show that it is
unwise to increase the national circulation, or in-
crease the national debt in the form of circulation.
The only way, then, to raise this money is by
borrowing, by selling our bonds in the market.
Experience has shown that only a certain amount
of those bonds can be sold. No security can
possibly be better than what is called the five-
twenty loan. It is a loan that is secure, and every
one feels that to its ultimate payment thelastdol-
lar and the last cent is secured. We pay six per
cent, interest in gold upon it; it yields a large re-
turn to those who invest in it; and yet that loan,
the most favorable one we could possibly issue,
is only absorbed in the ordinal y operations of
the Treasury Department at the rate of about
$6,0*10,000 per week. That, then, is the extent
to which we can borrow money probably. How
else would you borrow money? Would you
throw your bonds in the market and force loans?
In that you would depreciate the sale of your
bonds and destroy your national credit. There
is a limit beyond which neither a nation nor an
individual can go in the expenditure of money.
It is easy for men or nations to say, " it is cheaper
to do so and so;" but they must have the means
to do what they propose to do. I say, as a ques-
tion of plain finance—it is not a question of diffi-
culty—that we must not increase our expendi-
tures one dollar beyond our ability to raise the
money to pay, and I do not see at present how it
is possible to get more in the way of loans than
the amount we'ape now receiving pfob^My from5-
$6,000,000 to $9,000,000 per Week,' su&cient,
with the ordinary income of the Government, io-
carry on the ordinary operations of life-Govern-1
mem. ■ " ' ■ "
This proposition j limited as it is by the Seirato^-
from Maine, will probably be paid by $20',000,000;
but if it is left unlimited, and you rely uport large5
bounties to fill up your armies, the three hVnSred
thousand men called for will confessedly -cost
$105,000,000, the great portion of which must be
paid in hand by the terms of the proclamation,,
and then $6,000,600are requiredfor this premium*
fund, together with other sums for other'ra&tjers;
Now, where can we raise thismoney1? tf we had
the money in the Treasury^ I would-agree thritit
would be better for the nation at large'tb pay these
bounties. If, on the other hand; we pursue-the
policy that has been heretofore adopted, "of paying-
but small bounties, localities, counties, towns; grid'
States will raise these bounties. In every com-
munity they are doing it. They h'aVe dorte it |n?
the past. When this war commenced we raised
enormous levies, you may say, withoutany boun-
ties at aFl. Even the $100 bounty promised them
was not to be paid until the end of the wai^
I say, therefore, we have arrived at that con-
dition when we must appeal to the physical re-
sources of the country by means of a dhaft; -and
I believe this war will never end until the people
of the United States are willing to see enforced ft*
fair conscription law, or an enrollment law, or a
militia law; I do not care what you call it. It
seems to me that the War Department, in the exe-
cution of the law passed by Congress-at the last
session, delayed and procrastinated it,and excited
the very opposition which they complained of
against that law. It took them three months to
appoint the agents to execute that law. If I re-
member correctly, we were hurried in the passage
of that law by the honorable chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, because it.was neces-
sary to put it into immediate operation. We
passed it before the close of the session, and it was
nearly three months before they had the agents
appointed to execute the law. It seems to me they-
might have selected the provost marshals and the
various agents to execute the law in thirty days,
because they had here the means of information
as to the best persons to execute the law; but it
was delayed nearly three months, and then one
locality was taken. Instead of having the draft
universal all over the country at the same time,
they first took the city of New York—I believe
that was the first place taken—the place where
the draft was the most severe, where it was the
most unpopular, where the political sentiments of
a portion of the community were most obnoxious
to the execution of the law; and then, when it was
resisted in New York, they delayed and hesitated.
Why, sir, in the State of Ohio, while we were
engaged in an animated canvass, the people every-
where asked, "why do they not enforce the
draft?" Nobody complained of it. It might have
been enforced in OJiio—my colleague will agree
with me in this remark—to the last man without
resistance. That is my deliberate judgment; but
it was delayed and delayed, until in October last
they promised these large bounties.
Well, sir, if we have the money, I am willing
to pay them. I am willing to pay the last dollar
and to give the last man to carry on the war; but.
the question is whether we have the ability to pay;
whether we ought to make promises until we
know we have the money. We have the power
by enforcing the conscription law to raise men.
We have not the power to borrow money faster
than the people will lend it to us. If Senators are
willing to come forward and say, I am willing to
lend you this sum of money, or I will raise this
sum of money in this or that way, or propose
some way by which it can be raised, then I will
agree with them, but until then I am not in favor
of these large bounties. Perhaps the view this
subject presents to me is rather limited. I never
like to indulge in promises until I have the money
to pay them, and then I am willing to be as mu-
nificent as any one; but until we have this money,
or until I see a place where we can borrow it, I
do not like to promise soldiers large bounties,
involving so large an expenditure.
Mr. NESMITH. Mr. President, it seems to
me that the embarrassments under which we la-
bor grow out of the effort to pursue a mixed sys-
