m
THE 0QM1RKSSIQNAL GLOB%
December 22,
tem for the raising of troops. During the last
session of Congress, I favored what wag called
the conscription bill, or rather the enrollment
bill, becausel believed that was themostequitable
and just mode of raising troops. The Adminis-
tration, instead of applying the law, as proposed
by Congress, for raising troops, set off to mix
it up with another system of paying enormous
bounties: hence the' difficulty which is now pre-
sented to Congress to reconcile the two systems,
i believed at the commencement of the war, as I
now do,.that if it was necessary to raise men for the
defense of the country, all men and all portions
of the country shSuld contribute equally; and I
hayCr been opposed to this system of subsidy in
paying enormous bounties. I do not believe that
the question ever has been in relation to the men;
I believe it has been purely a money question;
and I think to-day that the success of the prose-
cution of this war depends more upon our ability
to carry the country through the financial crisis
than it does upon the question of raising men.
I have been opposed to mixing up the two sys-
tems. When this matter was before the Military
Committee, I voted for the third section of the bill
yesterday under consideration, which appropri-
ates $20,000,000 for the payment of the bounty,
and the premium, up to the 5th day of January
next, simply to redeem a pledge which had been
made by the Government to the men who had en-
listed. There was no authority on the part of
the executiveauthoritiestomakeany such pledge,
or to bind the Government to pay men $400
bounty, without any recognition of law for such
an act; yet,.inasmuch as they had seen proper
to adopt it, to prevent difficulty and complaints
ia the Army, I went to the extent of voting the
§20,000,000. An amendment was adopted yes-
terday extending the time to the 2d of February,
and if the result is to be what Senators on this
floor claim for the volunteer system, by the 2d
of February three hundred thousand men will
have been raised. They say that we should re-
sort to and depend upon volunteering entirely,
notwithstanding that we have upon our statute-
book the enrollment act, and all the cumbersome
and expensive machinery for its execution all
over t-lie country; and although wo are to keep
that in operation, we are to turn round and pay
from $300 to §400 bounty. One system or the
other should be abolished; one or the other should
be relied upon; and, as Istated before, I have been
in favor ot the system which conscripts a certain
number from the community who owe service to
the Government.
Now, if, as is proposed, and if the principle
which is initiated by Senators here is true, the
Army can be filled up under a system of bounties,
the next question which recurs is, what amount
is to be required to carry that system out? I have
made a calculation—to be sure, not upon any very
correct data, but u"pon what I suppose will be some-
thingnearaconectresult. Suppose thatby t.he 2d
day of February, as these Senators claim, the Army
wiii befilled under the volunteer system which has
been adopted by the Department; suppose that
one hundred thousand veterans recti list at a bounty
of $400each. You have there §40,000,000 to com-
mence with. Suppose that you enlist two hun-
dred thousand othersat§300each, you have there
$60,000,000 additional. Then, under the clause
which was in the bill under consideration yester-
day, and which lias not been stricken out of the
resolution coming to us from the other House,
you have a premium of fifteen dollars for veteuuis,
which amounts to §1,500,000 more, and you have
a premium often dollars for other recruits, amount-
ing to $2,000,000 more. Thus, in the aggregate,
the sura which is necessary to be appropriated,
and which must be incorporated in this bill, if this
system is relied upon, is §103,500,000.
I have voted steadily against these proposi-
tions, and I am disposed to vote against them to-
day. I defer very much to the judgment and
expeiience of older and much abler Senators
here; but I do not believe that the two systems
can be successfully mixed up, neither do I be-
lieve it is good policy to adopt this expensive
system while we have a provision upon our statute-
book with a cumbersome and expensive machinery
for raising troops. The effect of bringing the two I
systems in conflict will be damaging, and I do not j
believe that the res'ources and the revenue of the |
country at this time will warrant the disburse- I
ment of so large an amount as §103,500,000. I
shall vote againstall such measures as mere finan-
cial questions, and shall vote for, and continue to
support, the enforcement of the enrollment act,
believing that that is the most fair, just, and equi-
table way of raising men, and at the same time
relieving the Treasury.
Mr. HOWE. I wantto cooperate with the Sen-
ator from Maine and the Senator from Ohio in the
purpose they seem to bedriving at; and, after all,
1 wish the Senator from Maine would allow his
amendment to stand as he originally proposed it,
I understand this is an appropriation bill, and the
amendment, as proposed by the Senator from
Maine, restricts the Treasury in the disbursement
of the appropriation, and restricts them suffi-
ciently. The modification of the amendment con-
flicts with a purpose that X have in view,and which
1 stated yesterday.' When the proper bill comes
up, I want to submit to the Senate amendments
which I think will enable the Government to pay
bounties and relieve the burden which they throw
upon the soldier, and not put any burden upon the
Treasury, not talce the money out of the Treas-
ury; and I stated yesterday how I designed to
have this done; and the amendment, as it is now
proposed by the Senator, conflicts with that. It
seems to me the bill will be abundantly safe if we
put to it the amendment which was first proposed.
There is now no law for paying these bounties,
and the Government will be disgraced and dishon-
ored if we do not appropriate this amount; and
after we have intimated to the Government, as we
do by the-amendment first proposed, that it is our
purpose, after the 5th of January, that no boun-
ties shall be paid, and certainly not out of this
appropriation, I do not think they will promise
any bounties. I do not think there is the slight-
est danger of their laying the people of the United
States under any further obligations in that direc-
tion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I had precisely that idea
when I drew the first amendment; and it does ef-
fectually, as the Senator from Wisconsin observes,
prevent the appropriation or the use of any part
of these $20,000,000 for the purpose of paying
bounties to persons enlisted after the 5th day of
January next. The difficulty, however, that
struck my mind is this: the order from the De-
partment is general, a continuing order; it is a
promise to pay to all persons who maybe enlisted
Now, if they do not choose to revoke that order,
or let it stand, they will go on after the 5th day
of January enlisting persons, and we are then
precisely in the condition that we are in now. The
promise has been made by the executive Govern-
ment, and we are called upon to fulfill it. It is
impossible to say how long it would take to ma-
ture and pass a bill through both branches, with
the contest that exists on this question, which
should effectually provide for all these cases. It
may linger on, and enlistments keep going on,
until tile 2d day of February, or after that time,
foraughtwecanknow. Now, sir,I do notknow
how far the Government would feel itself bound,
or would take any hint from our simple language,
that no part of this money shall be used to pay
for future enlistments. Probably no part of'it
would be so used in any case, for the simple rea-
son that there would not be enough of it to meet
more than existing obligations. We should be
left therefore precisely as we were before, and as
we are now. They may go on, and before we
can pass a bill these same obligations may be
incuired to a very much larger extent than they
are now, so that we gain nothing. If my friend's
bill will accomplish the purpose, and he can come
under any pledge to get it through before the 5th
day of January, 1 should accede to his logicand
be prepared to act according to his wishes. But,
sir, I want the executive Government to under-
stand, and I think it is very reasonable that they
should be made to understand, that when there
is a law upon the statute-book, and a particular
course pointed out for raising men, and a particu-
lar sum fixed to be paid for men, in the absence
of a very pressing emergency, it is not a part of
the duty of the executive Government to make
laws overturning ours, and adopting new ones of
their own suggestion, tind to make promises that
Ihcy cannot peiform and that will bind us. That
is my notion about it. It is what Congress owes
to itself'in almost any position of things in the
country.
I say, moreover, that I think the Government
in this particular were led into this course by a
simple error of calculation. When the promise
was first made, or the order passed, it was their
idea the |300 paid in as commutation would meet
the other enlistments, so that they would not be
contravening any law at all. I presume that was
the idea on which they went; but the enlistments
coming in so much faster than the exemptions has
occasioned the difficulty in which we are now
placed. Hence I do not find any fault with the
Government, either with the President or the Sec-
retary of War. 1 am not disposed to throw blame
upon them in any way in reference to it. The
country needs,the men, and they acted, according
to the best of their judgment, for the good of the
country and to accomplish the purpose. I have
therefore no particular fault to find. I only say
that the event has shown that they did not make
their calculations correctly; and now we are
brought to this position.
Laws should exist in regard to all these things;
matters of this kind should be left to the discre-
tion of no department on the face of the earth;
we, the Congress of the United States, are the
body to settle all these questions, in the absence
of any great and pressing emergency calling for
action before Congress Can meet; and in that case
I hold, as I have held before, that it is the duty
of the Executive, in defense of the Constitution
and thelaws,to meetsuch an emergency and take
the consequences. He would not be doing his
duty if he did not do so without reference to par-
ticular rules; but in all other eases they are bound
to defer to what the wisdom or the folly of the
Congress of the United States shall say is the
proper course to take. In reference to this matter
I want them to act under the law of the land, and
when we say that we appropriate this money to
enable them to discharge these obligations, or
such as may be incurred previous to the 5th day
of January next, we say at the same time there
is no law in existence for paying these bounties
beyond that day, and you must not contravene
the laws of the land in that respect.
The only question, then, is whether we enn say
it safely. If we cannot say itserfely, let us stay
here and legislate, instead of being in a hurry to
eat our Christmas dinners somewhere else than
in Washington, and place a law on the statute-
book that will give them leave to pay this money.
If we are willing to pay §400 to veterans and $300
to persons who are not veterans, let us place suc"h
a provision on the statute-book, and let them net
under law, and not adjourn or take a recess, and
let the Departments feel themselves at liberty to
go on and make laws for the occasion during the
time that Congress is absolutely not only in ex-
istence but in session, or ought to be in session.
If gentlemen are not prepared to do this, and say
that the law shall not be contravened, then let them
stay here and make a law to meet it, and not leave
it at loose ends in this way.
Now, sir, as to the main question,I say to the
Senate that, in my humble judgment—and I pre-
tend to no exemption from error on all these ques-
tions—if they go on legislating upon this princi-
ple with regard to payingthese enormous bo unties,
they will find that they are exhausting the fountain
and coming nearer to the point where they are
obliged to stop than they are aware of. Gentle-
men may talk here about paying these great boun-
ties, and may say that you cannot get the men in
any other way. Very well; if that is true, if the
men must be had, and there is no other way in
which you can get them, pay them; butpaytliern
by statute, give laws foi1 it, and let it not be done
by the exercise of individual authority at one end
of the avenue or the other. But,sir, inmyjudg-
mentthere is another way; Congress deliberately
decided that there was another mode, and I have
believed from the beginning, and believe now, that
it is the best mode, the most equal, the most just
upon the community; and that is by draft, call-
ing upoil all persons who are subject to it to take
their chance; and by enforcing that with vigor
and determination you will accomplish your pur-
pose. The reason why you fail is because you
show to the country that you have not nerve
enough to carry out what you decide to be the
best thing to be done. Show that you have the
courage, and the people will sustain you; because,
in my judgment, drawn from some experience
and observation, the American people trust no
