JL86SL
h & 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
W
. men more than those who th$y sea.not only have-
calmness enough to devise apian, b,ut courage
enough to execute it after they have devised it.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I agree entirely
with the Senator from Maine that it is our business
to enact laws, and it is the busine&s of those agents
at the other end of the avenue to execute laws
when tiiey are enacted. I will stand by him as
long as he pleases to stan&vin doing battle for the
utmost line and letter of the prerogatives of this
body, and I defer entirely to his judgment. If
he thinks this.ex press enactment is necessary to
prevent the executive department of the Govern-
ment from pledging the credit of the nation to
these extravagant bounties, notwithstanding the
very pregnant suggestion made by the amendment
as first proposed, I have not a word to say against
it. I desire to rescue the nation from the liability
to beincumbered with this mountain of debtwith-
out any provision made for it by their represent-
atives; and if this express enactment is thought
by any Senator here to be necessary, I submit to
it entirely. I thought we might get along with-
out it; it will not embarrass us next week; it will
not embarrass the very legislation that I propose.
That i admit; and if it will protect us in any
direction I waive the request I made.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clark.)
The question is on the adoption ofthe amendment
to the amendment.
Several Senators. Let it be read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is proposed
to strike out all after the word " provided," and
to insert " that no bounties, exccpt such as are
now provided by law, shall be paid to any per-
sons enlisted nfierthe 5th day of January next."
Mr. GRIMES called for the yeas and nlfys, and
they were ordered.
Mr. COWAN. I should like to inquire from
some gentleman who has given this subject care
and attention, in what way it is proposed to pro-
cure the reentry into the Army of those veterans
whose term of service will expire in June and July
next. As I understand, it is a sine qua non that
these men should be retained, and I desire now to
attiact fheauention of the Senate to that question,
how it is possible to procure their reentry or
reenhstment into the service at the time that their
present term of service will expire; whether the
offer of largu bounties such as were contemplated
by the War Department was not calculated to
secure that object, and whether it can be secured
in any other way.
Mr. SHERMAN. In icply to the Senator
from Pennsylvania, I will state that 1 behove the
time of th-e earliest of those regiments expires
in August.
Mr. COWAN. The time of some of ours will
expire in June.
Mr. SHERMAN. We had, at first, all three
months' men, for some time, and I think it was
July or August, 1861, before the three years' men
came in. Between now find next July or August,
we shall have ample time to legislate in regard to
those veteran regiments.
Mr. GRIMES. I will state, furthermore, for ■
the information of the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania, (though I cannot speak as to the troops of
the Potomac army,) that there is a very small
portion of the western troops whose terms expire
next year. Of the older regiments who went into
the service two years ago last fall, a very large por-
tion, probably eight out of ten, are already out
of the service in some way or other, from casu-
alties or from dischaiges. The majority of the
regiments which we raised one year ago last fall
are much fuller, and their time does not expire
for two years.
Mr. COLLAMER. My State has none but
three years' troops in the field, and has never sent
any two years' men. Our first regiment of those
in service for three years was in the Ball Run
fight in July, 1861, and the term of that regiment
will expire next June. There is one whole bri-
gade, in whitfli that regiment is, whose time will
expire next summer from June to August. There
are five regiments in that brigade.
Mr. GRIMES. How many men?
Mr. COLLAMER. According to the last re-
port of them, made about a month ago, they av-
eraged about fm hundred to a regiment. Then
we have six more regiments that are in different
departments—not in the same brigade, but scat-
tered about the country—who were raised in the
fall, in September, October, and November.
About half our men go out in ,the summer, and
the others in the fall.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In reply to the sugges-
tion of the Senator from Pennsylvania, I will
simply state that the object of this proviso is
merely to declare that nothing further shall be
done without law. If the Congressof the United
States shall be asked to decide upon the terms on
which the veterans shall reenlist, let a fair oppor-
tunity be gi ven for legislation on that subject, and
we can do in regafd to it 'what Congress thinks
proper. This proviso is only saying that in regard
to this present thing, as the lawstands now, they
must stop where they are.
Mr. COWAN. I heartily agree with that sen-
timent. I have long been impressed with the im-
portance of confining the several departments of
this Government strictly within the sphere of
their operations according to law; and I' believe
that the failure of the first draft under the act of
1861 was entirely owing to the fact that they dis-
regarded a section of that law which, in my judg-
ment at the time, was material, and one which
was calculated to insure success.
Mr. JOHNSON and others. What was that?
Mr. COWAN. I will state. Itwas given out
by the Department, though plainly not fh the en-
actment, that any one who refused to appear at
the rendezvous after having been drafted would
be compelled absolutely to go at once and fill out
the term of service, and would not have an op-
portunity of applying to be exempted. The con-
sequence was, that the timid men, the men not
fit to be soldieis, those who would not be worth
anything m the Army if they were soldiers, were
obliged, under the pressure of this decision, to
pay immense sums for substitutes. It begat a new
class of merchant in the country, called the " sub-
stitute broker;" brought the law into odium;
brought the service into odium; and prevented the
proper number of men being obtained under that
draft. ,A
The same mischief substantially has occurred
under the present draft. Under the first draft,
having found that there was a deficiency in the
quota called for, instead of going on and drawing
and filling it up and finding the recusants, they
stopped, and they sent, say if you please one hun-
dred thousand men, upon an errand which they
alleged would require three hundred thousand for
its proper execution. So it was under the present
law. I could never see any reason, for my part,
why, under the present diaft, when it was found
that after the first drawing there was a deficiency
in the quota, an additional number should not have
been immediately drawn, and a sufficient number
drawn in order to fill it up. But it seems the De-
partment after having made one drawing supposed
that exhausted their authority; and when they
came to count up their exempts and those who
paid the commutation money, there was a very
small result remaining^
I think that all the laws we have passed would
have been efficient if, as has been remarked by
the Senator from Maine, they had been carried
out manfully and boldly,and the people had been
trusted with them. They could have been exe-
cuted everywhere that 1 know of, except perhaps
in the city of New York, and there the disturb-
ance was soon quelled when the proper means
were made use of to quell it. I think it unfortu-
nate that we did not ha"%e in the first place some
uniform mode, whether it might be one mode or
two modes, of filling up the Army, but I think
it should have been uniform, and that it should
have been fair. I think it would be exceedingly
unfair now to the veteran who has borne the heat
and the burden of this struggle, that his place
should be replaced in the Army by one who had
to be tolled there-by excessive bounties and in-
creased pay. I think that if it took us ten days,
we ought to endeavor by some means or other to
place the old soldiers of the Army on an equal
footing with those who now propose to go in at 1
the eleventh hour. 1 should like some plan to be
devised by which that could be done. I should
feel very reluctant to vote for any measure which
was calculated to make a distinction* between
(hose who have borne our arms so long and with
so much credit to the Government.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, this debate
clearly shows us the importance of being very
careful how we act. "VVe are warned by the Sen-
ator from Ohio, who is on the Committee on Fi- <
nance, [Mr. Sherman,] that the Government has
not the means to- redeem the pledges the Gov-
ernment has made, and that we ought not to ex-
tend this time beyond the 5th day of January.-
Sir, wo want men; we want our armies filled; but
we ought not to make pledges for bounties or in-i
crease Of pay, if we have notthe means to redeem 5:
our pledges. If we increase our expenses in raid-
ing-men, or in paying-men, we ought to provide'
the means to meet the promises we make to them.
Sir, it seems to rtie that we ought to put upon, the'
country a direct tax, a tax upon. the property of
the country, to fill up the ranks of our armies, to:
increase the pay we give our soldiers who sustain:
the cause of the country. There is no reason, in
my judgment, why we should not Have such a
tax early and promptly imposed, and thus sustain
the Treasury and the credit of the Government.
The Senator from Ohio tells us that we ought
not to consult popularity in our action here. I
agree with the Senator that we Qught to pay no
attention whatever, in this crisis of the country,
to the question whether our course here shall be
popular'or unpopular. Let us for the sake of'
popularity to-day commit a grave error, let us*
involve the country in difficulty, and in six or
twelve months hence the popularity wo'ntto-day
will turn into dishonor and disgrace. 'For myself,
sir, I do'not care a farthing what the people of my
State or of any portion of the country choose lo
say in regard to ouraction here, in this great crisis
of the nation. We should take the responsibility,
and do oui duty with a single eye to saving our
country and preserving our institutions. The
soldier may as well shrink from danger in the hour "
of trial, as for the public man to shrink from the
duty of this hour of responsibility.
1 suppose ihe War Department, in the pledge ■
it made in the call for three hundred thousand
volunteers, supposed, that by fixing a time and
notifying the people of the States that they wanted
three hundred thousand men by the 5th day of
January, a great effort would be made by the
States, the cities, counties, and towns, and by the
people to enlist men, and that a portion of those
men would be thus raised—not the whole three
hundred thousand, for 1 take it the Government
did not dream of raising three hundred thousand
volunteers in the present condition of the country,
to go into the Army. The Government thought
that a great effort would be made, and that we
should getseveral thousand volunteers. We had
then I think about nine million dollars, when the
call was made, and we provided thata small sum
of this bounty should be paid when the recruit
was taken in to the service, and so much at different
periods afterwards through the three years. It
was thought that the sumof money then on hand,
derived from the commutation clause of the en-
rollmentact, would enable the Governmentto pass
along until the meeting of Congress. The Govern-
ment intended on the 5th day of January to com-
mence the draft, and expected to derive from that
draft many million dollars to pay for recruiting.
The committee propose to fix the 5th day of
January, the day the Government itself had fixed
for the draft. We propose to arrest the payment
of this bounty on that day, and that is the amend-
ment now proposed upon this House resolution.
It is proposed by some Senators to go on until
the 2d day of February. When we have the
fact before us clear and plain that we need some
legislation in regard to the enrollment act and ill
regard to filling up the armies, it seems to me a
stern public duty to remain in our seats and pass
the necessary legislation. But, sir, unless we do
it, I think we ought to extend the time from the
5th of January until the 20th of the month, so
that when we come back here after the 5th day of
the month we shall have a few days in which to
pass the necessary legislation to amend the en-
rollment act.
The Senator from Pennsylvania is troubled very
much in regard to how we arc to retain the old vet-
erans in the service if the Government does not
offer this bounty. I take it, if we were to make
a draft for half a million of men, commencing
early next month or on the 1st day of February,
we should hold two hundred thousand or two
hundred and fifty thousand or three hundred thou-
sand of those men. At least one half of those
men, if we do not repeal the commutation clause,
would pay the $300, and a large and overwhelm-
