1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
years, and up perhaps to the period of life which
they have respectively attained. But it is due to
liirn to say that, although I think he has occa-
sionally transcended the bounds which his cooler
judgment would have prescribed, he never in any
instance lias d"signedly offended any member of
this body.
Mr. President, t move that the Senate adjourn.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Will the Sen-
ator allow the Chair, before putting the question
on ihn motion to adjourn, to lay before the Sen-
ate some bills from the House of Representatives?
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to withdraw my ap-
peal from the decision of the Chair.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It may be
withdiawn if there be no objection. The Chair
hears none.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were severally read twice by their titles,
and referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia:
A bill (No. 514) to amend "An act to extend
the charter of the Alexandiia and Washington
railro,ul,and for other purposes," passed March
3, 1863;and
A bill (No. 523) to amend the charter of the
Washington andGeorgetown Railroad Company.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED^
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Llotd, their Chief Clerk, announced that
the Speaker of the House of Representatives had
stoned the following enrolled bills and joint reso-
lution; which thereupon received the signature of
the President pro tempore:
A bill (H. R. No. 179) concerning lands in the
State of California;
A bill (H. R. No. 217) to confirm certain en-
tries of land in the State of Missouri; and
A joint resolution (S. No. 59) to provide for
the revision of the laws ol the District of Co-
lumbia.
PREVENTION OF S51CGGLING.
The message further announced that the House
of Representatives insisted upon its amendment
to the bill of the Senate (No. 286) to prevent
smuggling, and for other purposes, disagreed to
by the Senate, asked a conference on the disa- j
orcein0" votes of the two Houses, and had op- i
pointed Mr. T. D. Eliot of Massachusetts, Mr. 1
William Hiuiiy of California, and Mr. N. Perry j
of New Jersey, managers at the same on us pai t. I
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend- [
meats of the House of Representatives to the lull !
(S. No. 2GG) lo prevent smuggling, and for other ;
purposes, disagreed to by the Senate and insisted
on by the House; and it was
Rcsolccd, That tin; Senate in-i-n upon lis di=agreem"iit
to the amendment et t ie llease ol [tepie^entativeo to me
s-aid bill, and asnei tu the uomeienee a^krd by t>.e E-Ioe^o
on the di-aigieeuia vote* of the uvo Houses thereon.
Oiderau"'That the conferees on thepaitol the Senate be
appointed by tile Piesideut jno tempore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed Mr.
Morrill, Mr. Ten Eyck, and Mr. Richardson.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
The message further announced that the House
of Representatives had agreed to the forty-till!tl
amendment of the Senate to the bill of the House
(No. 240) making appropriations for the cur-
rent and contingent expenses of the Indian de-
partment, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations
with various Indian tribes, for the year ending
June 30, 1865, with an amendment, in which it
lequesied the concurence of the Senate, and had
agreed to all the other amendments of the Sen-
ate to the said bill.
Mi. DOOLiTTLE. I move that the Senate
concui in the amendment of the House of Rep-
resentatives to the forty-third amendment of the
Senate to the Indian appropriation bill. They
have made a merely veibal amendment,to strike
oiu the woid " Cherokees" in one line,and insert
the words "as well as the Cherokees" in the
next line, winch does not ill any way alter the
S l' I' C.
The amendment of the House of Representa-
tives was concurred in. _
Mi JOHNSON. I renew the motion to adjourn.
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 should like to have, the
bill under consideration made the special ordei
for Tuesday at half past twelve o'clock. [" No,
no."]
Mr. BROWN. I object.
The motion of Mr. Johnson was agreed to;
and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, June 18, 1864.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. W. H. Chanming.
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio, moved that the read-
ing of the Journal be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
OVERLAND MAIL BIDS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Postmaster General, in an-
swer to a resolution of the House of Representa-
tives of 16th instant, directing information to be
furnished as to whatbids were made for carrying
the mail on the overland route to the Pacific,
whether any of the bidders were persons con-
nected with the present Overland Mail Company,
&c. Tlie Postmaster General transmits a mem-
orandum of the bids received for the entire or
thiough route, and states that William B. Dins-
more is the only bidder officially known to the
Department as connected with the present Over-
land Mail Company.
The communication was laid on the tableland
ordered to be printed.
MILITARY ROAD TO LAKE SUPERIOR.
Mr. McINDOE. I ask unanimous consent to
have taken from the Speaker's table the Senate
amendmentto House hill No. 247, granting lands
to the Slate of Wisconsin to build a military road
to Lake Superior.
There being no objection, the amendment was
taken up for action.
Mr. SLOAN. I move that the amendment of
the Senate lie concurred in. It was reported last
evening.
The/question was taken, and the amendment
was concuned in.
Mr. McINDOE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the Senate amendment was concurred
m; and also moved to lay the motion to recon-
sider on I he table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PREVENTION OP SMUGGLING.
Mi. ELIOT. I ask to have taken from the
Speaker's table Senate bill No. 266, to prevent
smuggling, and for other purposes.
There being no objection, the bill was taken up
for aotion.
Mr. ELIOT. I mo\o that the House insist on
its amendmsn's to the bill, and ask for a com-
mittee of conference.
The motion was agreed to.
MISCELLANEOUS APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask leave to report from
the Committee of Ways and Means a bill making
appropriations for certain miscellaneous expenses
of the Government for the year ending 30th June,
1865, and for other purposes.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois,
not a general
opr.
 ; _. If that is
onation bill the Committee of
Ways and Mt'ans has no right to report it.
Mr. STEVENS. These items have been re-
ferred io the committee, and therefore _we report
this bill; but it is not a general appropriation bill.
The SPEAKER. The Committee of Ways
and Means has the right to report general appro-
priation lulls at any time; but to report any other
bill it must ask consent. i
Mr. STEVENS. That is what I am doing
"°Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object.
PRINTING AGRICULTURAL REPORTS.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask consent to introduce
a resolution directing the Committee on Punting
to inquire into the propriety ol printing a num-
ber of copies of the agricultuial report, for the
purposes therein mentioned. ^
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan. I object.
M r. DAWES. Will the gentleman irom Penn-
sylvania state what are the " purposes then in
mentioned'"
The SPEAKER. The gentleman fronuviicm-
gan objects, and the resolution is not before the
House.
POST ROADS.
Mr. COLE, of California, called for the regu-
lar order of business.
The SPEAKER stated the first business in
order to be the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 532) to establish certain post roads reported
yesteiday, and withheld so as to have one or "two
additional routes inserted.
Mr. ALLEY. I ask leave to have some routes
added in New York and Ohio.
There being no objection, the bill was amended.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and beingengrossed, it was ac-
cordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. ALLEY moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
REBELLION LOSSES.
The SPEAKER stated that the next business
in order was the consideration of House biil No.
533, to provide for ascertaining and adjusting
claims against the Government for injury or de-
struction of property by the Armjr of the United
States or by military authority during the present
rebellion, on which the main question had been
ordered.
Mr. WASHBDRNE, of Illinois. Has tlvs
amendment of the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mi. Boutwell] been agreed to?
The SPEAKER. It has been.
Mr. WASHBDRNE, of Illinois. I ask for the
yeas and nays on the passage of the bill.
CALL OF TIIB HOUSE.
Mr. HARDING. I move acall of the House.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order
| unless it shall be found, upon actual count, that
there is no quorum present.
The SPEAKER having counted the House,
and ascertained that there were only eighty-seven
members present, stated that the motion for a call
of the House was ill order.
The motion was agreed to.
The roll was then cnllcd,and the following mem-
bers failed to answer to their names:
. Mrssrs. William J Allen, Allison, Anderson, Arnold,
Ashlee, Baxter, Beamaa, Fieeman Olaike, Clay, Coffioth,
Oox.Heniy Winter Davis, Thomas T. Davis, Don nelly,
Dri""-, Oornont, Frank, Gailield, Glider, Gunned, flail,
Harni"*t<tn,Benjaiu!i.O. Ilauk, ilerriek, Holman, Dulburd,
lnaenoll, Jenckes., Kalblleisch, Kma, Littlejolm,Mnllory,
MeAillstei, MeKuinev, f?aiiiiiel P. ivhlier, Daiie-I Moiris,
MonifOn,NeUon,Od(il, John O'Neill, Oitli, Peiham. l'ouie-
iov, Pi uyn, Samuel J. Randall, SVilhain If. Randall, Rnb-
lii-un. Rogeis, James S. Rollins, Smith, Spalding, JUarr,
fifl'lmis, William G. Steele, Tiacy, Van Valkunliuijfh,
Vooihe i, Wadswortli, Wind, Webster, Wlialey, Joseph
W.White, Benjamin VVoud, Fernando Wood, and Yeainan.
Mr. STILES moved to dispense with all fur-
ther ptoeeedings under the call.
The Hofise divided; and there were—ayes40,
noes 41.
So the motion was disagreed to.
The list of absentees was called.
Mr. STEELE, of New York. There are ono
hundred and nineteen members present, and I
move that all further proceedings under the call
be dispensed with.
The House was divided; and there were—ayes
70, noes 20.
Mr HARDING demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. WADSWORTH demanded tellers on the
yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Harding
and A. Myers were appointed.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
twenty-five, more than one fifth of those present.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 99, nays 19, not voting 64;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Arnold, Baily, John D. Baldwin,
Baxter, Beaman, Blame, Bliss., Blow, Boutwell, Boyd,
BiandeVe, Brook-,. B.oomall, J.un« S. Blown, W ilhain
G. Brown, Ohanlei. Cobb, Cole, Uiaven.-, Dau-e^ UeiimiR,
DenlsOll, Dixon, Drj«g*,Eckley,B<lgerto,li.GWr dge, LUo ,
English, Failiswonh, Fenton, Fiank, Gaiiiold, G"™ h,
Grenvold Hale. Cbaiies M. Harris, [lujby. [Intelkiss,
As-all el W. Hubbard, John II. Hubbard, Ingersoll, Inliji
Johnson. William Johnson, Julian, Kasson, Francis W.
Kelluse, Oilando Keliogs, Kernan, Knapp, Knox,Law, La)
literal'"Loan, Lonsvear, Maivm, MeBride, McC.'iiy. .Ic-
, n ' mm F. Miller, Moorhead, Morrill, Amo, Myer-,,
i Loo™ir,l "lye.S,Odeli, Ohariea O'Neill, Ortl. Pat,™..,
!| p-nl-nm Pe.ry, Pike, Pi ice, Radio, d. Alexander 11. luce,
!■ j;,lm il Riee. Edward II- Rollins, Sclienet, aepficld,
I' Shannon, Slonii,Sniitliers, John B. Steele,buou e,i hayer,
ii Upsetij Van Valkenburgh, WadfiworEb, Elilm B. Wash-
