1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
his remarks upon that subject. He did incident-
ally allude to the propriety of selling gold, and
made a calculation of the profit and loss and in-
terest account, and he made his statement of profits
as a merchant, and if he is a merchant he should
remember that a merchant who buys his own
paper in the markctat sixty cents to the dollar is^
either an insolvent or a dishonest man, and you
must expect that the same penalty will be applied
for the same conduct to our Government. 1 there-
fore deny your right to make the proposed use of
the gold said to be in the Treasury. If you do
so you will see the consequences hereafter m your
ruined credit. The gentleman from New York
who has just taken his seat [Mr. Griswold] has
every confidence that all the securities of the Gov-
ernment will be paid. Does he forget that he is
preparing to give the lie tothatpropositioij? His
vote for this bill would be a declaration that he
would pay sixty cents on the dollar instead of one
hundred cents, and that by his vote he proposes to
put back into the Treasury over six million dol-
lars for which we have not paid a farthing, and
this upon the moment he expresses his confidence
m the final payment of all our indebtedness. It
is scarcely a year since the Secretary of the Treas-
ury of the United States was purposing to buy
gold; he asked for the power to do so,and it was
granted to him. He now asks for permission to
sell gold, and you propose to grant the power.
Gentlemen say they have confidence in the Sec-
retary of the Treasury. So have I'. The only
thing that I have ever heard against him is the
fact that he asks this House to invest him with this
extraordinary power. If there were nothing else
in this case, I would vote against this bill because
that officer asks it. Suppose he should differ with
the President of the United States in policy? Sup-
pose he should conclude to be a candidate for the
Presidency; how easily could he by the manage-
ment of that vast fund indemnify his party friends
for the expense of his campaign, and the world be
none the wiser for it?
It is said that Cassar thrice denied a kingly
crown; our Secretary refused it once in his letter
declining to be a candidate for the Presidency the
other day, but repenting his extreme modesty he
sends his written request to this House to grant
him this monstrous power. And what is the
power which lie asks if it be not a kingly power?
It is that he may have absolute control of the en-
tire finances of this nation. His intentions are
to be shrouded in darkness. You, or rather he,
has refused the provision which required him to
give five days' notice of his intention to sell, so
that no man, except he may be a confidential friend,
may know the day or hour in which he may dis-
play himself and his gold for sale. With this
power he can control our President, the Cabinet—
yea, he can command our armies, and the entire
business and estates of twenty million "people
must be at his mercy. No man should be invested
with such powers unless he is a great deal more
or a great deal less than ordinary human beings,
Mr. Speaker, I have some pride as an Ameri-
can citizen. This Government is my Govern-
ment. It belongs to my constituents as much as
to the constituents of any man. We have an in-
terest in its good name. Now, you propose to
turn the Treasury of the United States into a
broker's shop, so that if you put a sign upon the
Treasury Department it would have to be, " Un-
rurrent funds bought and sold at this Depart-
ment;" and the funds in which we traffic are our
promises to pay money to our citizens which they
have loaned to the Government upon the faith of
positive law; and the more we injure the credit
of our paper the more successful will be what gen-
tlemen on this floor call a " financial operation."
This proposition is in violation of the faith of
the Government, not only as implied in the issuing
of our paper money, but in the provisions of the
act of Congress of 1862, by which these very funds
were set apartand pledged to pay, first, the inter-
est upon our public debt; and secondly, to pay an-
nually one tenth of ourindebtedness, so that these
funds do not belong to you to speculate with or
dispose of in any way, but belong to and we hold
them m trust for our creditors; and if we are honest
tiiey will not be disappointed in the trust.
Now, sir, in the name of the Democratic party
and the American people I protest against our
Government being reduced to that disgrace. I
protest against your making a broker's office of
the Treasury of the United States; although if that
is to be done I would rather the dealings would be
in uncurrent funds than in some other things that
brokers sometimes deal in; but in God's name let
us protect the nation from this deep humiliation,
from this prostitution of one of the great Depart-
ments of the Government. What is the prop-
osition that is proposed for us to sanction? If
we take from this debate the large words about
funded debt, and English exchequer bills, and in-
vestments, and securities, and put the matter in
plain words, it is an offer to compromise with the
creditors of this Government by paying sixty
cents on the d'ollar of ourindebtedness. And it
is a peculiar fact that at this day the southern
confederacy is doing the same thing. The^are
now funding their debt by giving promises to pay
$200 for each of their old promises to pay $300.
The only difference between that and this is that
you propose to give them actually sixty cents,
while they merely pay old promises by new prom-
ises. But the principle of your financial scheme
is the same as that upon which they are acting,
differing in degree, not in kind. It is bringing
down the credit of this nation for the purpose of
embarrassing the gold brokers. -
I had supposed that the broker could specu-
late as well and make as much money when the
price of gold should rise from 110 to 120 as when
it goes up from 160 to 170, and that he would risk
one third less capital in the transaction. The
trouble with which we have to deal is the depre-
ciation of our money, and not in the rise of gold.
Gold is of no more value now than years ago; but
our currency is worth less. It is the legal-tender
notes and the securities with which gold is pur-
chased that changes, but not the gold. Andthis
effort to control the price of gold is the old one of
controlling the value of commodities by law, which
has been often tried, but has as often failed. It
i3 just as sensible as to eontrol the tides of the
occan by act of Congress; it is an impossibility.
Sir,it would be better to sink the gold now in the
Treasury in the ocean or give it away, if it must be
taken from the Treasury and the control of the
Government, than to make money out of the
broken promises and violated faith of this nation.
I protest against it, and I shall continue to vote
against it whenever I have an opportunity upon
this floor. But why not leave this money in the
Treasury? We have an expensive and an ex-
hausting war upon our hands; no man can fore-
tell the future necessities of this nation; itmay be
necessary to have that which the world calls money
in the future progress of this war. If we havetfny
more money in the Treasury than is necessary to
pay interest—which I very much doubt—I think
we had better keep it there.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania, my col-
league, says this is repudiation. Well, sir, repu-
diation is what we have charged upon the South.
When this war broke out 1 expected in tile long
future that we should see in the dark clouds that
hung over this land some one darker than the
rest, and that it would come in the shape of re-
pudiation; that the greatest of all the humiliations
we should be called upon to suffer would be that
of repudiation; but I never believed it would come
at this early day, and be proclaimed by gentlemen
distinguished for their professions of loyalty on
this floor. Inaugurate the system which this biff
proposes, and your public credit is gone* What
is it, sir, that gives your paper money any value
to-day? It is confidence in the American people,
in their honesty, and in their ability to pay. But
when we have once proclaimed to the world that
we will pay only sixty cents when we have agreed
to pay one dollar, we are insolvent or we are dis-
honest, and in cither case we are unworthy of
further credit.
Well, sir, is there any necessity for the pas-
sage of this bill > If it were necessary that this
people at this time should repudiate then debts
gentlemen upon the other side would know it;
and it has been twice repeated by a member on
that side of the House that the Treasury was on
the eve of insolvency and bankruptcy. If that
were so the American Congress is the last source
from which that fact should be published to the
world. The publication of that tact alone is only
necessary to put gold up to two or three hundred
per cent., and to start us in a career of financial
failure and national shame. And if it be neces-
sary to resort tu this means to gathei up your de-
preciated paper I have found that the first offer of
an' insolvent creditor is generally his begt ojF^jj;
and if you pass this bill it is very probable that
the creditor who gets sixty cents may be the moat
fortunate of our many creditors; but I hope this
bill will not pass, and that we may reestablish
and maintain the good name of this nation be/ore
the w^rld, and especially before our own citizens,
who have loaned us their money.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I am quite aware, Mr.
Speaker, that the House is already fatigued with
the discussion of this bill. Butinaarouch as it,is
a bill of great consequence to the country, and
one upon which every member who thinks has
an opinion of his own, it may not Be entirely out
of place for me to urge the views which I enter-
tain, though making but little claiifi to financial
experience, I shall oply present those views
which commend themselves to my common sense,
unbiased by any pet financial theories, and unin-
fluenced by any sympathies with the speculators
who fatten upon our country's distresses.
The Committee of Ways and Means, to whose
especial charge is committed the financial inter-
ests of the country, after, mature and careful de-
liberation, originally reported to the House the
proposition as it is now sent back to us from the
Senate, and it has, as it now stands, the approval
of the Secretary of the Treasury. And,sir, when
I find that the proposition submitted by that com-
mittee coincides with my own judgment,however
unskilled it may be, I shall of course give it my
hearty support.
The arguments against this bill were fairly and
perhaps fully embodied in the remarks submitted
by the distinguished gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Boutwell] on yesterday. I always
listen to that gentleman with pleasure. His earn-
estness, his manly integrity, his clearness of per-
ception, his force of illustration, always give ad-
ditional .power to the views he presents. But,sir,
it did seem to me yesterday that the argument he
used was rather specious than sound.
The first proposition that the gentleman laid
down was that this bill should not pass because
it would be dangerous to the Government to with-
draw and dispose of any portion of the surplus
gold from the Treasury. Sir, we have at the
head of the Treasury a man who has had imposed,
upon him by the nation a herculean task,anil who
has borne the burden with great credit to himself
and with beneficial results to the country. He
is in favor of this scheme, and believes it to be
perfectly safe to withdraw certain portions of the
surplus gold from the Treasury and dispose of it
in the market. I acceptthe judgmentofthe Secre-
tary upon this point.
It is further insisted that the Governmentis un-
der a moral obligation not to part with this gold,
because the law of 18G2 says that the interest
upon the public debt shall be paid in gold, and that
one per cent, of the public debt shall be paid or
provided for yearly in gold. Such is not the law.
It is not the intendment of the act of 18G2 that
the gold shall be reserved to buy one per cent, of
the entire debt of the United States at par; but
that a sufficient amount of the money received for
duties shall be retained to liquidate that debt to
the amount of one per ccnt. a year. In other
words, it is establishing a sinking fund whereby a
certain portion of the debt shall be paid or re-
tired. All laws must have a practical construc-
tion. When a law is passed prescribing a duty
it carries with it the power to discharge that duty,
and that power is to be exercised in a rational
way. In what condition would we be if we re-
tained the surplus gold in the Treasury, as the
gentlemen contend we ought? What sort of a
sinking fund would we create? We would be the
laughing-stock of financiers; for we should be con-
stantly accumulating gold in the Treasury which
the Government does not need and the business
of the country demands, and thus by withdraw-
ing the supply which the demand calls for we are
inducing speculation, adding to the price of gold,
in the market, and greatly increasing the cost of
every article which we purchase for our Army
and Navy. Now, sir, how can the law providing
for the retiring of one per cent, of the publie
debtannually be practically carried out? Togive
practical operation to the law the Secretary ofithe
Treasury must go into the market and purchase
greenbacks with gold. That is called repudiation.
It is not repudiation nor in anywise akin to it.
