the
December 22;
ing majority of .them at auy rate, w;o<>M get siib-
stitutes^ <u)d they, woalij o.btajn substitutes from
the, Army. The townships, the counties, the
States,the men drafted, would-look to the rentes
of, the Army, ta the -old veterans, from among
whom to obtain substitutes, That is already nti-
thorized by ths Department, and nv,e ca,n. legalize
itif it be necessary; wccap authorize tb.e qld vet-
erans, in the Army who have served over two
years to be. ®jl>stiiute£, We;are doing that n.ow.,
A.veteran inlhe Amy now, that, has served more
than two years, may enlist in that way, and they
areenlistiog. ' Thereiaet regiment from m,y State,
dke^tiy.across the river, in which several h un-
ci have already enlisted for a bounty
of $>72-7—the bounty promised them by the nation
is #402, and 'our State bounty is §325, making
$727. Those from my State who have been in
the Army over-two years, to the number of ten
or twelve thousand, can reiSntist and receive a
baunt-y of £727.
Mr, HARRIS, How will it be after the 5tli
of January ?
Mr. WILSON. After the 5th of January they
will receive the bounty of $325 from the State, and
just as much as anybody who is drafted ehooses
to pay them, if it is $2,000. -
Mr. HARRIS. There is no law now allowing
them to become substitutes.
Mr; WILSON. There is a regulation of the
Department under which they do it now,and we
can pass such a law, if it be necessary to do so,
to retain these old veterans in the service. I have
no sort of fear about the reealistmcnt of the vet-
erans in the service. They will have offered to
them sufficient inducements to reenter the Army if
high bounties can do it, especially if we repeal the
$300clause ofthe enrollment act. 1 venture tosay
that if we do repeal that clause, and the Govern-
ment,allows veteran soldiers who have been in the
Army two years or more to rrenlist as substi-
tutes, the average bounty offered to these men will
be, within thirty da-ysafter the draft commences,
at least twelve hundred dollars. A great many
of them will reiinlistand go into the service under
the enormous bounties paid for substitutes if you
repeal the $300 clause, which, however, I do not
tlunk you will do, although 1 know that is now
the idea in the country. Nineteen twentieths of
the people of this country would vote against the
repeal of that clause. The public sentiment of
this nation is for that $300 clause by an over-
whelming majority. The people have learned that
it has operated practically as a relief for the poor,
toiling, laboring-man, and that all that was said
against it ,ns a measure in fa,vor of the rich and
- againstthe poorwaseither misconception orinten-
tional misconstruction or misrepresentation. I
hope it is not to be repealed.
Sir, 1 think the true way is to fix a reasonable
limit to the payment of tins money, making itsay
about the 2,0th day of January. Appropriate the
money., a«id then stay here andamend theenroll-
ment act and pass all other acts necessary by way
of legislation to fill up the Army, and then 1 would
let the $300 clause stand in the act. It will keep
down the wild speculation for substitutes. 1
would go on drafting until I had drafted seven
hundred thousand or eight hundred thousand men
if necessary, and I would hold every man drafted
if he was not absolutely physically unfitted for
the service. If he was able to contribute to the
support of the Government in any way, I would
make him do so; I would make him serve or pay
his $300; and then I would allow the States, the
counties, the towns, and individuals, to raise,
wherever our armies go, black men and white men
as recruits,and if they pay them bounties, put the
white men into the ranks of our old legiments
wherever they go in the field, making good sol-
diers;of them at once, and let them serve our coun-
try. I would take the black men and organize
them into companies and regiments. I would thus
put all the burde® I could on that section of the
country.
I tell you, sir, our conscription act has done
more to raise and elevate the sentiment of this na-
tion than any other act we have passed. When
thatactwas passed,you bad a wild, unreasoning
prejudice against using a black man to fight the
battles of our country.' But when people who
Were filled with these prejudices saw that they
must go themselves, and bare their bosoms to the
sl ot and shell of the enemy, they learned that the
black man's blood was no more sa<5H'd than their
own, and that they would,.as soon have a black
man stand up and fight the battles of the country
as to do it themselves. The most popular thing
to-day is to crowd black men into our armies. Sir,
there would- be a shout of joy throughout the na-
tion, in which our whole people would partici-
pate, if the intelligence should go. out to them that
we. had a quarter of a million black men orgartt-
ized and armed to fight the battles of our country.
Mr. TEN EYCK. Mr. President, although
the whale question in regard to the advantages of
the two different systems is not really involved
in this discussion, yet it is so iniimately con-
nected with it, that 1" trust I may be pardoned for
adding a word to this very extended debate.
The chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs desires that authority should be given to
the Government to extend the power of giving
bounties over the period fixed by the proposed
amendment of the Senator from Maine; and he
thinks if that is suffered to stand, and the $300
commutation clause is permitted to stand in the
enrollment bill, that will furnish a specific for all
our evils. Sir, I would to heaven tliat it would,
but I have no such feeling. I think we have tried
this plan of volunteering long enough and effect-
ually enough; and as disagreeable as the other
mode may he, there are times in the history of
legislators, as well as of all other men, when they
are bound to march up to the solemn responsi-
bility of public exigencies. We see and learn
from the united voice of the Committee on Fi-
nance that it is not in the power of the Govern-
ment to extend these facilities, even if the citizens
of the country are ready to come forward, accept
these bounties, and step into the ranks.
I do not know, sir, who is entitled to the credit
of the idea, or who was its first discoverer, or how
old or new it may be, that we now do not need
money so much as we need men,boneand muscle.
I am inclined to adopt that opinion, and although
i know that it will involve immense sacrifices, al-
though 1 know many men will be driven to the
ranks who as yet have not gone there, still this
is a cause worthy of the best blood of the coun-
try; and I believe that if the loyal portion of this
nation had gone into the Army as the inhabitants
of that portion of it in rebellion did, this huge
conspiracy would have been crushed long ago.
Sir, 1 profess to no extraordinary feelings of
patriotism, but I think each Senator and each
citizen of this country should thank God that he
lives in a dayand in an hourfilled as the present
day and the present hour are with such vast and
grand events,and that he has the opportunity of
participating in transactions so great and en-
nobling. We may fly to this expedient, we may
fly to that expedient: we may offer, as we have
offered in some States, and as has been offered
and paid in some portions of the State which I
have the honor in part to represent, as high as
$l,000already,and yet we jj-e deficient to a small
degree in furnishing the quota that has been re-
quired of us. We here—1 trust 1 say it respect-
fully—-must take the initiative; we must march
up to the position of demanding that the armies
of'the Republic shall be filled, and filled although
it may be at the sacrifice of tlie best blood in the
country. It seems to me that no evasion, no tem-
porizing, no extending of the period, no shrink-
ing, no squirming, will relieve us from the re-
sponsibility winch we have to assume, and will
be compelled to assume in a very short time, be
it sooner or be it later. This huge insurrection,
in my opinion, will never be quelled until the
northern portion of this Union, with their bone
and sinew, and not with their money, enter into
the ranks and smell the smoke of battle.
Sir, I shall vote for the amendment as proposed
by the Senator from Maine,as being upon aline
with the idea I entertain, as to the duty we should
pursue upon the present occasion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
upon the amendment of the Senator from Maine
to the amendment.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 35,jiays 9; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, llio-vn. Chandler, Clark, Col-
lamer, Cornier,Cowan, Dixon, Doolm'o, Fessenden, Foot,
Foster, Grimes. Haulms, ilailan, nendeison, Howard,
Howe. Johnson, Lane of Kansas, Morgan, Morrill, Nes-
lnilli, Poincroy, iiamsey, Sheunan, Sprngue, Sumner, Ten
Eyck, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Wade, Wilkinson, Wiliey,
and Wilson—iio.
.NAYS—Messrs. Bucknlew, Davis, Harris, Hendricks,
Hicks, Lane oflndiana, Powell, Salisbury, and Wright—9.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was adopted.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
as amended, and. the amendments were con-
curred in.
Mr. WILSON. I now offer the following
amendment as a new section:
diul be it furtkerrfsolved, That the money paid by drafted
persons'uniierthe" Act for enrolling and calling out the na-
tional forces, and for other purposes," approved MarcH'3,
1863, shall be paid into the Treasury of the United States,
and shall be drawn out on requisitions, as in the case ot
other public moneys. The money &o paid •shall be kept in
the Treasury as a special deposit, applicable only to the
expenses of draft and for the piocurauon ot substitutes.
It was my purpose to move this amendment to-
the bill which was pending yesterday, but I fear
from present appearances that we shall not be able
to get that bill through before the holidays. This
provision has the sanction of the Secretary of
War and the Secretary of the Treasury. It only
legalizes the arrangement made for talcing care of
the money received from the commutation.
Mr. COLLAMER. I propose to amend the
amendment by adding, ii for which the same is
hereby appropriated." It is intended, of course,
to have the money drawn out according to law, ,
and our law is that no money shall be drawn out -
unless it is appropriated. I therefore wish to in-
: elude the appropriation in the section.
Mr. WILSON. I accept that modification.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed,
and the joint resolution to be read a third time.
The resolution was read the third timeand passed.
Its title was amended, by striking out the" words
"and premiums/' so as to read: A joint resolu-
tion to supply in part deficiencies in the appro-
priations for the public printing, and to supply
deficiencies in the appropriations for bounty to
volunteers.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the House had passed a joint resolution (No. 11)
in relation to the claim of Carmack & Ramsey; in
which it requested the concurrence of the Senate.
THANKS TO CAPTAIN JOHN RODGERS.
Mr. GRIMES. The Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, to whom was referred the joint resolution
(H. R. No. 12) tendering the thanks of Congress
to Captain John Rodgers, of the United States
Navy, for eminentskr4l and zeal in the discharge
of his duties, have instructed me to report it back
with a recommendation that it do pass. As I pre-
sume there will be no opposition to it, I ask that it
be considered now.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Wholq, proceeded to consider
the joint resolution. It proposes (in pursuance
of the recommendation of the President of the
Umted States, and to enable him to advance Cap-
tain Rodgers one grade,m pursuance of the ninth
section of the act of Congress of July 16, 1862)
to tender the thanks of Congress to Captain John
Rodgers " for the eminent skill and gallanu y ex-
hibited by him in the engagement with the rebel ,
armed iron-clad steamer Fingal, alias. Atlanta,
whilst in command of the United States iron-clad
steamer Weehawken, which led to her capture
on June 17, 1863; and also for the-zeal, bravery,
and general good conductshown by thisofficeron
many occasions."
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to a third reading,
read the third time, and passed.
ADJOURNMENT OVER THE HOLIDAYS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The unfinished
business of yesterday is Senate bill No. 7, rela-
tive to the bounties and pay of volunteers.
Mr. WILKINSON. I move to take up the
resolution of the Mouse of Representatives in re-
lation to adjournment.
The ViCE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Minnesota moves to postpone the further consid-
eration of the question before the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
t The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is on the motion of the Senator from Minnesota,
