1864.
TIIE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
extract from one of the daily journals published
the morning after the passage of the bill as
amended by the House, showing how it, was re-
garded by the commercial men of New York. I
read fiotn the New York Commercial Advertiser
of March 9:
"Aftet four o'clock the news of tlie passage of Mr.
BourvvEM,'d gold bill rcachcd the market.
The lull uieiely authoinses the Secretary of the Treas-
uiy to anticipate the payment of interest on thp public debt
Irom time to tune, with or wirhouc a tebateof nucuest upon
the coupons, as to hnn may seem expedient. In this
amended fonn it passed.90 against 34—a vety strong; vote,
which f-eoni* to fix the policy of Congress. Thi-s amount^
to nothing in the way of icliof, since it of no practical
value whether the $3,000,000 due 1st of April, and the
$15,000,000 ^Uie 1st of May, are begun to be paul now or
then. It will take a month at least to pay the $13,OuO,000.
When $3,000,001) was due November 1, it icquiied tlio
wtiole month to complete the payments, and the price of
gold wa-. not a fleeted at all. The Secretary has now the
same duty a-i beibie> to apply the gold to the purchaM* of
stock for the sinking fund, a process which would hcely
deplete the Tieasury. On the proniulgauon of the passage
of this biii, gold, wluch had been dull at 103^, immediately
ro->e to and tn the evening sales reached 1653.
" Thi-s morning the assemblage at the gold tooms was
prompt, and the opening puce was 105|.
'•The demand continued vei\ active, and the late soon
touched 108, whim a little reaction act in, and it declined
to IG'Ji, and again lecovercd to'iGSjto 168$, at twelve in.
" The late lot exchange went up in the same pioportmn,
and sciles woie made at 181£, but thio late is still lower than
gold."
Now see the result. The men of New York,
the business men who are perfectly familiar with
this whole subject, took it up,and the moment the
bill was passed declared what the result would
be. They knew how perfectly futile would be its
effect on the price of gold, atid up went gold eight
or nine per cent, lti a single day. They saw by
bow iar^e a majority the bill had passed the House,
and they considered that majority ail indication
that the House would insist upon its notion.
It seems to me there is a practical lesson, which
this House should not fail to profit by, in the con-
sequences which followed our action when this
•biJl was originally passed.
We have, therefore, proposed as a remedy for
the present difficulty growing out of the accumu-
lation of gold in the Treasury, first, the cieation
of a sinking fund; next, the anticipation of the
payment of the intereston the public debt; neither
of which, as I have already shown, are at all ade-
quate to meet the present emergency. We have
ihon, in the third place, the proposition to place
in the hands of the Secretary of the Tieasury the
power, after resei ving in the Treasuiy an amount
of gold sufficient to provide for the payment of the
interest in coin, to take the large balance in the
Tieasury and so wield it as to knock down the
price of gold; and if at the same time it knocks
dowii the gold speculators, they will meet a just
reward for their <£ presumptuous sins." "Let
them not have dominion over us. " Sir, it will be
a power thatean be wielded for good,ami that can
not only be wielded now but at any time in the
future, as the natute of the case may lequire. 1
believe that the proposition contained 111 the
amendment of the Senate is, on the whole, the best
that we can adopt.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. Mr. Speaker, I
am wi! Ii ng to confer on the Secretai y of the Treas-
uiy any power neo ssaty to the. performance of
the duties of his hi^h ollice, and foi the benefit
of the country, which can begianled consistently
with the honor of the Government and its good
faith plighted to its creditors.
The power now proposed to be given is one of
gieat extent, and it is our solemn duty to see if it
can properly and justly be bestowed. The ob-
ject sought to be accomplished by this measure is
one winch, in my judgment, is beyond the power
of legislation. Oai legislation is not for the pres-
ent day alone, but foi every day hereafter, until
our successors sha'l see fit to repeal if.
J am fiauk to say that when the idea was first
su^gesf'-ii to me ofgivnig nuthouty to the Secre-
tary of the Ttewsmy to sell the accumulating gold
m tiie Tieasury, I leit desnous of promoting a
proposition which would unlock the hoarded treas-
ure and send it agoin into the channels oi com-
merce, if it could judiciously be done m view of
the public inteiest. Subsequent r-flection, and
the discussions v. Inch have taken place here, have
satisfied me that I could not sustain a measure
which originally I felt desirous to support. 1
will therefore give a few icasons for tin vote 1
shall cast upon this bill in its piescnf form.
The same law which made gold the standard
of value in this country has made it the.standard
in every other. Gold is the recognized standard
of values throughout the civilized world; and until
you can make a law of Congress which shall be
of universal authority throughout the world you
cannot make that paper money which we, by our
local legislation, call the equivalent of gold, its
equivalent beyond the jurisdiction of that local law.
I undertake to say that that which is so often
spoken of as gold speculation is not a speculation
in gold, but a speculation in paper by parties bet-
ting only on the price of gold. To a small ex-
tent are deliveries made upon the enormous con-
tracts for the purchase and sale of that article;
only the difference between the price of gold at
the time of the contract and its price at the time
fixed for the fulfillment of the contract js paid;
and that difference is paid not in gold, but in pa-
per. Gold is not required for any purposes of
internal commerce, save to a limited extent, since
the notes of the Government have been made a
legal tender. The legitimate demand for gold is
principally for the payment of duties on imports.
The sales beyond this are only paper specula-
tions. As prudent men, Mr. Speaker, I believe
we should look to the future.
The gold income of the Government accrues
now almost exclusively from duties on imports,
which are payable in gold by virtue of the same
act which pledges that gold to the payment of
interest upon the bonds of the Government, and
to the creation of a sinking fund of one pei cent,
per annum upon the entire indebtedness of the
Government.
Now, sir, in order to maintain the Government
in its efforts to suppress rebellion, we must im-
pose most stringent duties upon importations^
such as will, I trust, prohibit the importation of
a large portion of what we receive from abroad.
We are annually importing articles of mere per-
sonal adornment for our American women to the
value of $100,000,000, for which we have to pay
abroad, not in our currency, but in gold,evety
dollar of which repiesents at least $1 60 of our
currency; and in addition we pay at the same rate
the duties thereon in gold, which thus passes into
the Treasury under the pledge to which I have
alluded.
When, therefore, we come to cnact, as we must
do, acts which will check this useless importation
and reduce largely our income of gold, where are
we to look for the means to pay in gold the in-
terest upon the bonds of the Government? We
must go into the market and buy it of those who
will demand a price according to the necessi-
ties of the Treasury. 1 ask any man upon this
floor, in view of the fact that our indebtedness
must me\ if ably increase until it reaches more than
three thousand million dollars, on which the in-
terest is payable in gold, and for the principal of
which a sinking fund in gold is piovided by law
of one per cent, per annum, and that importa-
tions, not only of useless ornaments but of ne-
cessary articles, must be reduced by future legis-
lation, whether we can wisely, safely, or juwtly
part with the gold now on hand, or which we may
have hereafter, when we have no power to .supply
its place except by purchase at enormous pre-
miums ?
The object of this biii is to sell the gold in the
maiket for the purpose of supplying the demand,
and thus appreciating the value of GofSrnmcnt
notes and bringing them nearer to an equality
with gold.
Sir, all legislation which shall attempt to make
any commercial papei the equivalent of gold is
idle and inoperative. While gold is the univer-
sal standard of value throughout all countries,
commercial paper eurieney in any country will
be valuable for the purposes of its creation in
proportion, and only in proportion, to the power
of converting it into gold. The facility for con-
version is the rule of Us value. We say the notes
of the Government shall be a legal tender in the
payment of all debts; but the law which gives
our paper this local power cannot make it obliga-
tory elsewheie. So long as we have a commeic.e
with other nations so long we must pay them
for what we buy on 'their gold standard, not on
our arbitrary and local standard of value; and no
legislation can keep the unconvertible paper of
. one country up to the standard of gold in that
! country or any other. We might as well attempt
,! to iemulate the temperature of the atmosphere of
the District of Columbia by enacting that the en-,
ginoer of the Capitol should so regulate -the fui>
naces beneath it as to keep the.thermometers in
these Halls at 70O of Fahrenheit, and that the
thermometers in the District should mark no
higher range. Water wHl freeze at 320 and
vaporized at 2120 regardless of legislation'. Fapeg
will be depreciated in value whenever thefinan-
cial thermometer indicates,that that paper iloea
not stand at the point of conversion.
1 desire, sir, as much as any one to check thi«-
unpatriotic spirit of speculation, as well as to re-
lieve as far as may be done the accumulation
of gold in the Treasury, which is the pretended
cause of that spirit. I believe this can be done
by giving authority to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to anticipate the payment of interest on the
public debt, to purchase with his gold the secu-
rities of the Government for the sinking fund as
required b.y law, and by such legislation as I hope
to see adopted here.
If men desire to speculate in the price of gold,
I would make that speculation a luxury, and
would make them pay for it. I h'ope the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, when they come to
deeide upon the measures of revenue, will charge
a duty or tax upon every contract for the future
delivery of gold equal to any possible difference
in its value at the time of the contract and its ful-
fillment, even if it should be ten per cent. I be-
lieve that such provisions could be made as would
render such a law effectual.
In these modes we shall keep gold from being
exported, and we shall make any effort at specu-
lation in its future value profitless.
[ am apprehensive that the effect of the Senate
bill upon the currency and securities of the coun-
try will be injurious. We have already issued
hundreds of millions of our bonds, under a law
which pledges all our gold from importations for
the payment oi* the intcrestand the establishment
of a sinking fund to discharge the entire public
debt, present and prospective.
The savings banks of the country hold many
millions of these securities as the dependence of
the widow and' the orphan; our other banking
institutions hold millions more, which have been
taken with the patriotic desire to support the Gov-
ernment; the Treasury Department is now the
depository of many millions as a security for the
circulation issued to the national banks under the
supervision of the Treasuier; and we should re-
flect upon the probable or possible results of our
action upon the credit of these securities. I have,
in distrust of my own judgment, taken counsel
of distinguished financiers and friends of the Gov-
ernment, whose opinions are entitled to consid-
eration, and I have been assured that the effect of
ourpioposcd action would be to depreciate all
our public securities materially m the market. 1
hope it may not be so, but 1 fear it.
If such a consequence may flow from this step,
is it wise for us to take it when we propose to
offer to the woi Id an additional two hundred mil-
| lions of our bonds under the pledges of the ex-
• istinglawasto thepaymentnf the interest in gold,
i and the use of the customs for a sinking fund to
! retire or redeehi the principal of our debt?
With what grace can we go abroad to our Ger-
man and other friends m Europe, who are holders
of our s< curities, and say, " You hold the bonds
of our Govei nment to the amount of one hundred
millions, issued under a law which pledged the
good faith of the nation to collect all duties on im-
ports in gold, and appropriated the sum sacrcdly
to pay the interest of such bonds in gold, then
to a sinking fund of one per cent, per annum upo-n
the entire funded debt of the Union, for the pur-
pose of louring these and other bonds from the
market, a law which did not authorize the diver-
:j sion of that gold to any other purpose whatever;
i and although we have passed an act authorizing
a violation of that law, except in respect to the
payment of interest, and given'power to sell the
residue of the gold at the mai ket pr^ce for the cur-
rency of the country, we are still desirous that
you should purchase a new issue of bonds under
the specific piovisions of the former law. "
I fear our friends, whatever confidence they
might retain in our ability, would feel but little
in our integiity. _ .
There is still another consideration whwh af-
fects my judgment. While I am willing that all
| the gold which can safely be appiopriated to that
