82
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 22,
shal,or board of enrollment, sliall, on conviction,
be fined not exceeding §500, and imprisoned not
less than six months, nor more than twelve
months.
Copies of any record of a provost marshal or
board of enrollment, or of any part thereof, certi-
fied by the provost marshal, or a majority of the
board of enrollment, are to be deemed and taken
as evidence in any civil or military court in like
manner as the original record; but if any person
shall knowingly certify any false copy or copies
of such record, he is to be subject to the pains and
penalties of perjury.
AH claims to exemption are to be verified by
the oath or affirmation of the party claiming ex-
emption, to the truth of the facts stated, and the
testimony of any other party filed in support of
a claim to exemption is also to be made upon
oath or affirmation.
If any person drafted and liable to render mili-
tary service shall procure a decision of the board
of enrollment in his favor uponaclaim to exemp-
tion, by any fraud practiced by himself, or by any
other person with his knowledge or consent, or
byany false statementorrepresentation willfully
made by himself, or by any other person with his
knowledgeand consent, or with the intent to evade
military service by giving or agreeing to give to
the provost marshal, or any member of the board
of enrollment, or to any other person for their use
or benefit, directly or indirectly, any bribe, pecu-
niary consideration, or other inducement, or by
holding out or offering to them any gain or ad-
vantage of any kind, such decision or exemption
is to be of no effect, and the person exempted,
or in whose favor the decision may be made, is
to be deemed a deserter, and may be arrested,
tried by court-martial, and punished as such, and
:«i to be held to service for the full term for which
tie was drafted, reckoning from the time of his
arrest.
Any person who shall procure, or attempt to
procure, a false report from the surgeon of the
board of enrollment concerning the physical con-
dition of any poison drafted and liable to render
service, or a decision in favor of such person by
the board of enrollment upon uclnim to exemption,
by any such means, upon conviction in any dis-
trict or circuit court of the United States, is to be
punished by imprisonmentfor the period for which
the party was ilrafted.
Any person who shall represent, directly or in-
directly, to a drafted man that he has any under-
standing or secret influence with the provost mar-
shal, or any member of the board of enrollment,
or with any other person through whom he can
procure, or aid in procuring, the exemption of
such drafted man for physical disability, or the
decision in his favor ot any claim to exemption,
or who shall promise to procure, or aid in pro-
curing, such exemption or decision through any
such understanding or influence, or by any sim-
ilar means, or who shall receive any money or
other consideration for procuring, or aiding to
procure, or for promising to procure, or to aid in
procuring, such exemption or decision through
any such understanding or influence, or by any
similar means, upon conviction in any district or
circuitcourt ofthe United States, is to be punished
by imprisonment for the period for which the per-
son was drafted.
The fees of agents and attorneys for making
out and causing to be executed any papers in sup-
port of a claim for exemption from draft, or for
any services that may be rendered to the claim-
ant, are not, in any case, to cxceed five dollars;
and surgeons furnishing certificates of disability
to any claimant for exemption from draft are not
to be entitled to any fees or compensation there-
for. Any agent or attorney who shall, directly
or indirectly, demand orreceiveany greatercom-
pensation for his services under this act, and any
gurgson who shall,directlyor indirectly, demand
or receive any compensation for furnishing certifi-
cates of disability, is to be deemed guilty of a high
misdemeanor, and, upon conviction, for every
such offense is to be fined not exceeding §300, or
be imprisoned at hard labor not exceeding twelve
months, or both, according to the circumstances
and aggravation of the offense.
The Committee on Military Affairs reported the
bill with several amendments. The first amend-
ment of the committee was in section one, lines
four and five, after the word " call,'' to strike out
the words, " upon the several States;" so that it
will read:
That tiie President of the United States shall be author-
ized to call for such number of men, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
section two, line sixteen, after the word "sup-
port" to insert the words, " and actually sup-
ported by him;" so that the clause will read;
Second, the only son liable to military duty of a widow
wholly dependent upon his labor for support, and actually
supported by hiin.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
section two, line eighteen, after the word "sup-
port"to insert the words, "and actually supported
by him."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
section two, line twenty, after the word "support"
to insert the words, " and actually supported by
them."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
section two, line twenty-two, after the word
"dead" to insert the words, "or absent."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
section two, line twenty-five, afterthe word "sup-
port" to insert the words, "and actually sup-
ported by him."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
section two, line twenty-eight, after the word
"support" to insert the words, "and actually
supported by him."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
section two,lines thirty-five, thirty-six, and thirty-
seven, to strike out the following proviso:
Provided, however, That no person who lias been con-
victed of any felony shall be enrolled or permitted to serve
in said forces.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
section five, line ten, after the word "officer" to
insert the following words:
And any poison aniving at the age of twenty years, and
also any pcrhon who has not heen m the military or naval
so vice of the United States two years and honorably dis-
charged therefrom; and said boaids of enrollment shall re-
lease and discharge from draft any person who, between
the enrollment and the draft, shall have anived at the age
of forty-five years, and shall strike the name of such per-
son from the emollmcnt.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
section six, line two, afier the word "enrolling"
to strike out the word "or" and insert the word
"and."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
section seven, line four, after the word "attach-
ment" to insert the words "without previous
payment of fees."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
section ten, line seven, after the word "knowl-
edge" to strike out the word "and," and to in-
sert the word "or;" so that it will read:
That if any person drafted and liable to lender military
service shall procure a decision ofthe board of enrollment
in his favor upon a claim to exemption, bvany fraud prac-
ticed by himself, or by any other person with his knowledge
or consent, or by any false statement or representation will-
fully made by himself, or by any other person with las
knowledge or consent, Sic.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not think that change
ought to be made. In legal statutes the mere
knowledge of the fact ought not to make the party
liable to punishment. If he has knowledge of
and consents and concurs in the act, it is sufficient
to punish that, as it seems to me. To punish be-
cause of a mere knowledge of the act of another
is going too far. I think the change ought not to
be made.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment of the committee was in
section thirteen, line five, before the word "sur-
geons" to insert the words "physicians or."
The amendment was agreed to,
Mr. GRIMES. I offer what I send to the Chair
as independent sections, to come in between the
thirteenth and fourteenth sections of the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendments
of the committee are first in order, as perfecting
the sections, and then the Senator's amendment
to strike them outor insert others will be in oider.
Mr. GRIMES. I understood the'Senator from
Massachusetts to say that he did not expect to
get through with the fourteenth section to-day.
There is only one amendment of the committee
yet remaining, and that is an independent section
proposed to be incorporated in the bill as the four-
teenth section. I propose to insert three or four
sections in advance of that section. The Senator
from Massachusetts does not care about entering
on the discussion of the fourteenth section, which
is to be a controverted point, at present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The order of the
business in the Senate is to dispose first of the
committee's amendments. If there be no objec-
tion, however, the Chair will entertain the motion
of theSenatorto interposehisamendments before
concluding action upon the amendments of the
committee. The Chair hears no objection to that
course. The Senator from Iowa proposes an
amendment, which will be read.
The Secretary read the amendment, to insert
the following as new sections:
Jlnd be il further enacted, That whenever a mariner or^
able seaman shall be drafted under the aet approved March*
3, 1863, entitled "An act for enrolling and calling out the
national forces, and for other purposes," he shall have the
right, within eight days of the notification of such diaft, to
enlist in the naval service as a seaman ; and a certificate
thai he has so enlisted being made out in confoimity with
regulations which may be pi escribed by the Secretary of the
Navy, and duly presented to the provost marshal of the dis-
trict in which such mariner or able seaman shall have been
drafted, shall exempt him from such draft: Provided,That
the period for which he shall have cnlffetedinto the naval
service shall not bo less than the period for which be shall
have been drafted into the military service: Jlndprovided
furthc), That the said certificate shall declare that satis-
factory proofhas been made before the naval officersiiowing
the same that the said person so enlisted in the Navy is a
maimer by vocation, or an able seaman.
Jlnd be it further enacted, That whenever any such mar-
iner or able seaman shall have been exempted from e-uch
draft into the military seiviee by such enlistment into the
naval service, under such due certificate theieof, then the
district or locality Irom which such person has been drafted
shall be ciedited with his services to all intents and pur-
poses as if he had been dulymusteied into the nulitaiy
service under such draft.
Jind be it farther enacted, That any mariner or able sea-
man who is mustered into the military sei vice, or who shall
hereafter be musteied into the nnhtaiy service, may, on his
application requesting to be transferred to the Navy, be s-o
transferred undor such regulations as the President shall
establish: Provided, That such mariner or able seaman
shall, at the time of such transfer, enlist into the naval
service for not less than three years.
Jlnd be it further enacted, That no pilot, engineer, yeo-
man, master-at-arms?, or other person having an appoint-
ment or acting appointment authorized by law, and being
actually in the naval scrvice, shall be s-ubject to military
dralt while holding such appointment, and forming oife of
a ship's complement.
-And be it farther enacted, That all enlistments into the
naval seiviee of the United States that may be hereafter
made of persons liable to service under the act of Congress
entitled "An act for emolling and calling out the national
forces, and for other purposes," approved March 3, 1863,
shall be credited to the State, district, or locality 111 which
such enlisted men were or may be enrolled and liable to
dutyunder the act aforesaid,under such regulations as the
Provost Marshal General of the United States may pre-
scribe.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question be-
fore the Senate is on agreeing to the amendment
which has just been read.
Mr. GRIMES. I simply desire to say that the
amendment which I propose is, in substance,
somewhat similar to a bill which I submitted to
the Senate, and which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, excepting that this
amendment does not propose, as that bill did, to
grant bounties to persons who may be enlisted
into the naval service. This proposition simply
provides, in the first place, that whenever, under
the operation of the enrollment and conscription
law, any person who is an able-bodied seaman or
mariner shall be drafted, that he may be and shall
be transferred from the military service, where
he could probably perform no very efficient duty
to the Government, to the naval service of the
United States. It then authorizes, in another sec-
tion, the President of the United States, under
such rules, and through the agency of such offi-
cers as he may determine, to cause persons who
are found to be able-bodied seamen, and in the
military service of the United States, to be trans-
ferred from that service, and connected with the
naval service.
