THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 15,
purpose should be converted into the securities of
the Government, to the payment of which this
gold is expressly appropriated by the letter of the
law, I scarcely feel willing, even if we had the -
power, to buy up the currency of the country at
a less value than the Government pledged itself to
pay. If this Government has the ultimate ability
to redeem its issues in gold, 1 do not desire that
it shall purchase them at a rate of depreciation.
Our currency has been issued for a valuable
consideration. The Government may have been
and has been at times wretchedly defrauded; but
still with our currency we have raised and sup-
ported our armies, we have equipped and main-
tained our Navy; with our currency we purchased
the blood of our brave soldiers shed atDonelson,
at Chattanooga, and on every battle-field during
this miserable rebellion. Our soldiers in the field,
their wives and their children, the widows and the
mothers of those who have fallen or may yet fall
in the war for the Union and.the law, hold the
promises of this Government to pay, and if we
have the ability to do so, even by resort to in-
creased taxation, I would rejoice to see every dol-
lar of that indebtedness redeemed in gold.
If we are true to ourselves there is no reason
why this country should be impoverished or bank-
rupts We must submit to present sacrifices, we
must resort to onerous taxation. But we have
resources which are inexhaustible, and with the
appliance of the labor to bring it forth, we have
still untouched in our western soil enough of gold
alone to extinguish our entire indebtedness in a
single generation.
When gentlemen therefore propose, as I solemn-
ly believe in violation of a public law, to go into
the market and buy up our depreciated paper with
the gold pledged to other uses, I cannot perceive
either the wisdom or justice of the proposition.
1 cannotconsistently with my convictions of duty,
I cannot in view of that expediency which em-
braces not only the present but the future of our
country, its credit, its character, its good faith,
consent that the power proposed shall be con-
ferred, though it may never be exercised, as it is
inti mated that it may not be. If the power is given
because it will not be exercised, it must be useless
to confer it; if to be exercised, it will be detri-
mental.
Credit is sensitive and mcrcuriitl; suspicion,
even, blights it, and it is safe only when it is above
suspicion. Let this Government by its enactments
only exhibit an intention to permit a wrong, let
its acts butgive color to the conception that it may
violate its plighted faith,and ourcredit is affected
and confidence in our integrity impaired. It is
possible, though Idonot fear it, that we may sink
in bankruptcy; that we may be reduced to the un-
fortunate condition of affairs which was exhib-
ited after the close of the Revolution; we may be
unable to pay our debts; but we may, at least, be
honest, by observing our faith so long as the means
of doing it are left us. 1 believe in being honest
and just, and 1 trust that our legislation will evince
that the Government intends to be so.
Mr. PRICE. I have but a word to say; and
though this matter is one of immense importance,
one fraught with greater consequences than any
measure which has been before this House for
many days, if I had not heard expressions which
utterly astonished me by gentlemen who I sup-
posed had an opportunity to know better, I should
not have troubled the House with a word upon
the subject.
I have no fears of any undue exercise of power
by the Secretary of the Treasury, and I will not
take up the time of the House in talking about his
powers. I have no fear of his abusing any power
which may be placed in his hands. It will be
time enough to argue that question when we ar-
rive at such a point. Itis outside of the question
before the House at this time. The simple ques-
tion is, shall the Government sell the gold it now
has in the Treasury, which has been received for
duties, or shall we keep it on hand ? When the
$500,1)00,000 loan was thrown before the country
every financial man knew that the Government
would be able to pay the interest on those bonds
in coin. The com in the Treasury was reserved
for that specific purpose, and when we went be-
fore the people with $500,000,000 of the bonds of
the Government, the question was everywhere
asked, " Will the Government pay the interest on
these bonds in coin i" The answer everywhere
was that it would, and these $500,000,000 of bonds
were taken for no other reason in the world than
because it was believed that the Government
would pay the interest in coin. We may go into
the market to-morrow with $200,000,000 more of
the bonds of the Government, and we can only
hope to sell them on the ground that the interest
will be paid in coin.
But let the impression go abroad to the country
that instead of holding the coin for the purpose of
paying the interest on our bonds, we would au-
thorize the Secretary of the Treasury to sell it,
what would be the consequence? Why,every
man who has money to invest in Government se-
curities will say, " I am not entirely certain that
this coin will be held for this purpose," and hence
he will withhold his investment. But let the cap-
italists know—and when 1 speak of capitalists I
mean men who perhaps may have only fifty dol-
lars in their pockets and are willing to contrib-
ute it to the support of the Government—let these
men know that it is the intention of the Congress
of the United States that the coin now in the
Treasury shall be kept honestly for the purpose
of meeting the interest upon those $200,000,000
of bonds, and the loan will be as readily taken as
any other ever put upon the market.
Sir, we are doing business upon credit, we are
carrying on this war on credit. No friend of the
Senate bill can deny that, and no man dare deny
that the only foundation of that credit is the gold
in the Treasury. Take away that foundation
and what becomes of the whole structure? Upon
a question of this sort it is not worth while to talk
about side issues. Here is the naked, common-
sense fact staring us in the face, that the mo-
ment you sell the gold in the Treasury you create
the impression abroad that you will not pay the
interest upon these bonds in coin, and when that
impression is creatcd you cannot sell your bonds
at all. I do not believe that as honest men we
have any right to sell thisgold, because we have
no more money than we want to mectour honest
obligations; and when I say money I mean gold.
It has been said this will stop importation. Let
it stop to some extent. Why, sir, to-day the
streets of this city are swept by the finest fabrics
of the looms of this country and of Europe. Let
us buy no more foreign importations. During
the last six months our importations have been
going up, up, up, while our exports have been
going down, down, down all the time.
Let us come down to a common-sense position
on this matter. I might answer thatcotton-spec-
ulntion argument used a few minutes ago by the
gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Woodbridce.]
There is nothing in it. AChinaman, an East
Indian, an Egyptian, or the native of some other
country comes intoNew York with fifty thousand
bales of cotton, and is going to regulate the price
of cotton. That may do very well if he does not
owe any debts,but if he owes a debt of $50,000,000,
payable m cotton, he had better apply the cotton
to that purpose. That is whataman ought to do
with his property, and what a nation ought to do
with its property. The payment of honest debts
is the best use an individual or a nation can make
of money. Yes, sir, best for time and best for
eternity.
Mr. J.C.ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, I do not pro-
pose to occupy the attention of the House more
than a-lfew minutes, nor do 1 suppose that any-
thing I can say will affect the views of a single
member of the House. But, inasmuch as this is
a question which is supposed to affect vitally the
finances of the country and the credit of the Gov-
ernment, I have sought this opportunity of ex-
pressing very briefly my views in regard to it
I have not heretofore participated in the discus-
sion. All that I propose to do now is to assign,
very briefly, two or three reasons why 1 shall
opp'ose the Senate bill. It ought to be the earnest
purpose, not only of every member on this floor,
but of every man having a voice in the manage-
ment of public affairs, to sustain, as far as he
may have it in his power, by his voice and his
vote, the credit and the integrity of the Govern-
ment. And while the passage or the defeat of
this Senate bill witl not, in my judgment, have
any great effect on the credit of the Government,
yet it will have, in my judgment, some influence
on it. -
I have listened attentively to the arguments in
favor of this measure. They are, in short, these:
First, that the Secretary of the Treasury desires
its passage. Second, that it meets the approba-
tion of a majority of the Committee of Ways
and Means. Third, that it will reduce, if the
Secretary be clothed with this power, the pneo of
gold in the market. As to the first reason urged,
that the Secretary of the Treasury desires it, it
will have no influence with me until I arrive at a
point where, as a member of Congress, I shall
feel it my duty to register the decrees of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury. I, as a member of Con-
gress, must be left to judge for myself as to the
policy or impolicy of the passage of measures
pending before the House; and when I shall cease
to judge for myself on these questions, I will be
unfit for the trust which my people have commit-
ted to my care.
While I have very great respect for the opin-
ions of the Committee of Ways and Means, 1 do
not feel that I am justified in surrendering ray
judgment, on a question of this character, to their
opinions. I have been somewhat amused at tha
course of argument pursued by gentlemen on that
side of the House in regard to the opinion of
the Committee of Ways and Means on this sub-
ject. We have been told by at least one gen-
tleman on the other side that the members of the
Committee of Ways and Means are men who
have the ability, the capacity, the experience, that
enables them to understand the question and to
determine what its effect is to be on the country
for good or for ill; and he therefore is inclined
to vote with them on this question. I well re-
member, sir, that but a few days ago an important
question, an exciting question, was pending in
this House, and on it that same gentleman dif-
fered all the way through with the CoAmttee of
Ways and Means. I allude to the proposition to
tax distilled spirits on hand. He would not sur-
render his opinion. He would not give to the
opinion of the Committee of Waysand Means any
considerable importance on that question. Ant^
yet he avows his readiness to yield to that com-
mittee on this subject. Sir, I am not willing to
yield my opinions either to the Secretary of the
Treasury or to the Committee of Ways and Means
on this question, however much respect I may
have for the one or the other.
Mr. Speaker, to maintain the credit of the Gov-
ernment seems to me an important consideration
in all our legislation. How is that to be done?
In my judgment it is only to be done by satisfy-
ing the country that the Government is determ-
ined to pay all its liabilities—that whenever the
Government has it in its power to pay all or
part of its indebtedness it will do so. While
$40,000,000 or twice $40,000,000 of gold in the
Treasury might go but a short way toward the
liquidation of our debt, yet its application in that
direction would tend to that extent to restore and
to keep up that confidence so necessary to the sus-
tenance of the credit of the Government.
In dealing with these questions, it seems tome
that no safer rule can be adopted in reference to
them than that which is adopted, and which ought
to be adopted, by individuals in their individual
transactions. Suppose an individual engaged in
any particular branch of business has occasion to
incur a heavy indebtedness, and desires to keep
up his credit, desires to retain the confidence of
the community in which he is transacting busi-
ness, how is he to do it? Sir, he can only accom-
plish that object by promptly paying his liabili-
ties as they mature, and by holding himself at all
times in that position which will most readily
enable him to discharge his liabilities as they ma-
ture. But suppose, instead of husbanding his
means with that end in view, he diverts his funds
to some other purpose than that of paying the in-
terest upon his debts as it becomes due. Suppose,
for instance, he engages in speculation and makes
no provision to pay his creditors the amounts
that mature from time to time, will he be able to
maintain his credit in that community as a safe,
reliable business man? No, sir; public confi-
dence in him will be destroyed, or it will be shaken,
if not entirely destroyed; and so it is with the
Government, if, instead of appropriating the gold
in the Treasury as it accumulates to the only le-
gitimate object of liquidating the public debt, an-
ticipating, if need be, the payment of interest upon
it, we send the Secretary of the Treasury out into
the streets and compel him to become a stock "job-
ber and gambler in currency. Is thata proceed-
