1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL- GLOBE.
88
I will observe here, with regard to all these
sections except the last, that I had a conference
with the Provost Marshal General of the United
States Army, and they met his approval. The
last scction which I have added, and about which
he was not consulted, as it did not come particu-
larly within the line of his duties, proposes to
give to the States a credit for all manners that may
hereafter enlist into the Navy of the United States,
upon the respective military quotas of those
States. I have always believed it was proper that
each of the States that furnish men to the naval
service should be credited with them upon its mil-
itary quota; and I have sought to discover some
method by which this rule could be made retro-
spective, so that the State of Maine, for instance,
or Massachusetts, if she has furnished a greater
amount of seamen than some other States, should
have that allowance made toher; butatier exam-
ining the records of the Navy Department, and
noticing (he manner in which enlistments are
made, 1 am satisfied.it is utterly impossible for
it to be done.
in order to inform myself on this subject 1
asked the chief ail interim of the Bureau of Re-
cruiting' to furnish me a statement of the num-
ber of enlistments into the Navy of the United
States during the first eleven months ofthis year,
commencing on the 1st of January, 1863, and end-
ing on the 30th of November last. I find that
during that time there were enlisted into the naval
scrvicc nineteen thousand five hundred and thirty-
seven persons. There is no record in the Depart-
ment, nor at any of the naval rendezvous whore
these men arc recruited, showing, or tending to
show, of what States they are citizens. If there
were, it would be a very easy matter to determine
what States should be credited with the enlist-
ments that have been made. But the recoids of
the Department only show the nativity of these
persons. The record shows that of these nineteen
thousand five hundred and thirty-seven seamen,
eight thousand one hundred and sixty-one—al-
most one half—are foreign born, and that sixty-
one nations or independent provinces of nations
furnish their contributions to make up the Navy
of the United States. 1 find by reference to this
table that there were enlisted, for instance, in the
State of New York, nine thousand six hundred
and ninety-four persons, of whom four thousand
eight hundred and sixty were foreigners. Shall
we assume that New York is entitled to be cred-
ited with those four thousand eight hundted and
sixty foreigners? Have we any right topiesume
that they were natuiahzcd, or were subject to be
drafted in that pmticuiar place? If we did credit
the city or the State of New York with those four
thousand eight hundred and sixty persons, should
we not be doing perhaps great injustice to other
portions of the Union?
If you would not be justified in crediting that
amount to the State of New Yoik, with what rea-
son could you credit to her the four thousand eight
hundred and thirty-four persons who were born
within the jurisdiction of the United States, and
who were ncruited m the State of New York?
For instance, had I enlisted into the naval service
of the United States in the city of New York six
months ago, I should be found enteted on this
table as having been bom in the State of New
Hampshire. Now, would it be just that the State
of New Hampshire should be credited with my
enlistment? Should not the State of Iowa, of
which 1 have been a citizen for the last twenty-
seven years, be entitled to it?
Looking at the subject in this light, I drafted
the proposition as it is now submitted to the Sen-
ate. I thought at first there might possibly be some
way in order to ascertain the citizenship, or the
residency, or the inhabitancy of the pcisons as
were already in the naval service; but when 1 re-
flected upon it, I found that that would be utterly
impossible. Some of our vessels are in the China
seas; several of them are in the Pacific ocean.
They are scattered all along on the Atlantic coast
and in the Gulf of Mexico. It would be utterly
impracticable for us to send a commission or to
ascertain fiom these persons in any proper and
authentic way where their citizenship or their resi-
dency was; and while we were attempting to as-
cuitam that, all operations under our conscription
or enrollment law must stand in abeyance.
Mi. WILSON. I think we ought to amend
the idGt section of the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Iowa. It seems to me that we can I
at any rate give credit for ail persons who were
enrolled under the act of the 3d of March last, and
who have since gone into the naval service. I
propose to amend it so that it will read:
That all enlistments into the navaJ service of the United
Suites that have been or may be hereafter made of persons
liable to servicc under the act entitled, &e.
That will go back, then, until the time of the
enrollment. There are agreat many places where,
during the last six or seven months, a large num-
ber of persons liable to do military duty haveen-
listed.into the Navy, and enlisted, too, by large
bounties. I think we can reach most of those
cases, and I think we ought to do it. I therefore
propose to amend the sixth section of the amend-
ment as 1 have indicated.
Mr. GRIMES. If the Senator desires to de-
feat his bill, he had better insist on that amend-
ment; for such would be the effect of it. I think
I have attempted to investigate tins subject as
thoroughly as possible. Iiow are you going to
determine as to the enlistments that have already
been made? If the Senator will look at the table
that I have here, he will see that there have been,
m the State of Missouu, over a thousand enlist-
ments in the naval service. Not one of those men
was born in the State of Missouri. If you re-
fer to the table you will see that they were born
m Pennsylvania, Massachusetts, and in foreign
countiies. What criterion will the Senator take
for determining as to what State those peisons
shall be credited to? Will he take the places of
their hirth ? That would be unjust to the State
of Missouri. Will he go to each one of those
persons and try to ascertain from him of what
State he is a citizen? That is preposterous and
absurd on the face of it. It cannot be done. It
would take twelve months to do it, in the first
place, even if you had the means, and could reach
the men. You could not reach them in twelve
months. You have^ot three or four shins in the
East Indies. One State, for instance, the State
of Maine, insists upon it that she has got one
hundred and fifty citizens on one of the ships in
the Pacific ocean, and she says that great injust-
ice will be done to her unless she is allowed that
credit, and hoi e is a controversy immediately got
up between the State of Maine and the authori-
ties here, and the State of Massachusetts, which
perhaps claims them as having been natives of
that State, and in the mean time yourconscription
law remains to be cnfoxccd. The Senator from
Massachusetts and the gentlemen from his sec-
tion had better be content with furnishing the
excess which they have furnished in considera-
tion of the bounties which this Government has
lavished upon that portion of the country in the
shape of fishing bounties for the purpose of mak-
ing these very seamen during the last sixty years
of this Government. I am willing to give those
States credit from this time forward for these en-
listments; but let us not go back and attempt to
accomplish that which it is utterly impossible, in
the very nature of things, for us to accomplish.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment proposed by tho Senator ft om
Massachusetts, in line two of the last section of
the amendmentoffeied by the Senator from Iowa,
after the word " that" to insert the words "have
been oiso that it will read:
That all enlistment? into the naval service that have been
or may be hereafter made*, &<*.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to; there being, on a division—ayes nine,
noes not counted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Thoquestion now
recurs upon agreeing to the amendment of the
Senator from Iowa.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I now move an amendment
in the shape of an additional section, to come in
after the third section of the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is an addi-
tional amendment proposed by the committee, to
come in as section fourteen, which will first be
acted on.
Mr. WILSON. I would rather defer the four-
teenth section for the present, until we perfect the
bill, as that section may lead to some debate.
The VICE PRESI DENT. If there be no ob-
jection, fuither action on the fourteenth section of
the bill will be postponed at the present time. The
Chuir hears no objection. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts now proposes an amendment in the
form of an additional section to the bill, which
will be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Jindbe it further enacted, That whenever the President
•shall call upon the soveral States for such number of men
tor the military service of ihe United States as the exigen-
cies of the country may require, the quota of each ward of
aeity, town, or township, or of a county, where the county
U not divided into wards, town's, or townships, shall be as
neatly as possible in proportion to the number of men res-
ident ilieiein liable to render military service, taking into
account, as far as practicable, the number which has bejen
previously furnished therefrom.
Mr. WILSON. The committee unanimously
agreed to this amendment on the bill we had un-
der consideration yesterday, and I do not think
there is anybody opposed to it. It simply pro-
poses to equalize the burdens of the draft. There
has been a great deal of complaint in the country
on that point. There wiil be no difficulty in car-
rying it out practically, because the amendment
merely piovidrs that the thing shall be done as
faros it is practicable to do it. Perhaps it cannot
be fully can led out in all the States, though it can
be in nearly all of them, because the records show
what each town, ward, and section of a district
has furnished. 1 think it will lead to no sort of
difficulty at all. They arc perfectly satisfied with
it at the War Office. Great complaint has been
made heretofore from ail the States of the ine-
qualities between the number required from dif-
ferent towns and sections.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have no objection to the
amendment m its geneial purposes, but 1 wish to
have the phraseology of the first part of it a little
altered. It requires the President to make the
call <kupon the several States." I wish to insert
the words, " for their respective quotas." I do
not agree to this idea of calling on one State for
its quota, and leaving another out. The effect of
it is to give the people of one State great advant-
ages in obtaining substitutes, and it produces an
unfairness. 1 wish them to call on the several
States for their respective quotas.
Mr. WILSON. We struck out the words
"upon tho several States" from the first section
of the bill by a vote of the Senate.
Mr. FOSTER. This only refers to the calling
out of tho proportionate number.
Mr. WILSON. I am told it simply refers to
the calling out of the proportionate number from
each State. I suppose nobody will object to that.
Mr. COLLAMER. That is what I want. I
desire them to call for the proportionate number
from the States.
Mr. HENDERSON. I believe the amend-
ment as proposed by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts reads, " that win1 never the President shall
call,"&c. 1 believe there are certain calls now
that have not been answered, in some of the States,
and a certain number of men have been ordeied
to be drafted from those States. Would it not be
well to make this provision applicable to the pres-
ent draft? If we use the words, " under all calls
of the President," that would include the present
call. The phraseology may be altered in the first
part of the section.
Mr. WILSON. If tho Senator thinks it does
not cover the present call, he can, if he chooses,
amend the amendment so as to include all drafts
to be hereafter made.
Mr. HENDERSON. Very well; I willdoso.
Mr. WILSON. On a suggestion that has been
made to me I will withdraw that amendment for
the present. I shall offer it at some future time.
1 suppose we may now take up the fourteenth
section.
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 have an amendment to
offer before you come to that section.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts withdraws his amendment, and the
question now is on agreeing to the amendment
to add section fourteen to the bill, which will be
read.
Mr. COLIjAMER. Before proceeding to the
fourteenth section, with the leave of gentlemen,
I wish, to call attention to the second section
of the bill. One clause of that section is in these
words:
"Seventh, where there are a father and sons in thesamc
family and household, and two of ihcm are m the military
service of the United States, or have deceased oi become
permanently disabled m ^aui service, a* non-commissioned
officers, musicians*, or pilvates, the residue of such family
and household, not exceeding two, shall bo exempt."
