1864.
THE CONGBESSIOFAL GLOBE.
ing that will inspire confidence in the credit of the
Government, and in its ability to meet its liabili-
ties? Sir, I tell you it is a dangerous experi-
ment, to say the most of it, and as such 1 am
opposed to this proposition.
But it is said that if we pass this bill the price
of gold will decline, or, in other words, thatitwill
have a tendency to increase the value of the Gov-
ernment paper in circulation. Sir, it is a strange
argument. Certainly those who assume that po-
sition have not looked into the question -and cal-
culated its results. "We have gold in the Treas-
ury,"say they, "we have a surplus there, more
than is necessary at this particular time to meet
the liabilities of the Government, and we must
sell it, we must dispose of it. We must take
it out of the Treasury and place it beyond the
control of the Government in order to keep up the
credit of the Government. " What an argument!
It resolves itself into this, that the promises of
the Government are worth more when we have
nothing to redeem them with than they will be
worth when we have something to redeem them
with. Thatis the argument. It is nothing more
nor less.
Let me ask this House %hat there is that will
be more likely to keep up the credit of the Gov-
ernment, and give confidence in it, than a knowl-
edge that it has on hand, at all times, something
with which to pay its liabilities ? There is noth-
ing, therefore, in that argument.
But again, it is said that the price of gold is
high, and that as the price of it increases so the
paperpromises to pay"which the Governmenthave
in circulation will depreciate in value. Well, sir,
as I before remarked, if you would prevent the pa-
per promises to pay of the Government from de-
creasingin value the only sure means by which you
can accomplish that object is to satisfy those who
hold" them and those who have held them here-
tofore that the Government has it in its power at
any moment to pay at least a portion of them, and
that it is determined in any event to devote all
the means within its reach to the payment of its
indebtedness from time to time as it may become
due.
But if we adopt the principle embodied in this
bill, what do we do ? So far from applying what-
ever we may have in the Treasury as it ought to
be applied, to the public debt, we take it out of
theTreasury and place it in the hands of the Treas-
urer to dispose of at his will and pleasure. We
place it out of our power to apply it to satisfying
the claims of our creditors as they may fall due.
The whole question then, viev7 it as we may,
resolves itself into this: this House has a scheme
concocted somewhere, I know not where, by
somebody, I know not who nor do I care, to spec-
ulate in the gold of the Treasury of the United
States, and to speculate without reference to the
creditofthe Government, or its abilities to meetits
liabilities. But it is said that to throw this thirty
or forty or fifty millions of gold on the market
will have a tendency to reduce the price of gold.
I am willing to admit that that would be its im-
mediate effect.
The price of gold, like that of any other com-
modity, is regulated by demand and supply. That
principle, I presume, will not be controverted. If
you throw forty millions ofsurplus gold upon the
market you inerease the supply to that extent,
and, of course, diminish the price. I believe that
the throwing of this gold upon the market would
have a tendency to reduce the price of gold, and
while it would have that tendency, its tendency
would also be to shake the confidence of the pub-
lic and the creditors of the Government in the
ability as well as the disposition of the Govern-
ment to apply whatever it had on hand to the pay-
ment of its debts. That, in my judgment, would
be the inevitable effect. It-would be so in the
ordinary business transactions of man with man,
and so it will be in reference to the business of
the Government.
Not only that, but whenever it is known in this
country, or in any other, that the Government of
the United States, instead of applying to the pay-
ment of ljer debt in a legitimate way whatever she
may have in her Treasuiy, 1ms authorized one
of her public agents to go into the markets of the
country and engage in public speculation, to that
extent the credit of this Government is destroyed,
and instead of reducing the price of her paper cur-
rency it would in the end increase it, and that at
no distant day, because it must necessarily de-
stroy the confidence of the public in the ability
and intention of the Government to redeem its
paper.
Again, to take the funds in the Treasury which
morally and in equity belong to the creditors of
the Government, and go into the public market of
the country and engage in buying up the liabili-
ties of the Government at a discount, would be
dishonorable to the Government and to those who
are administering it at the present time—just as
dishonorable as it would be for an individual en-
gaged in any business transaction to send his
agent into the community to buy un his promises
to pay at a discount. The mere fact that this agent
operates on the part of the Government, and not
on the part of an individual, does not change the
moral aspects of the question. In addition to this
violation of the plighted faith to those who hold
the indebtedness of the Government, who hold
our promises to pay, who hold our legal tender, it'
is to that extent again calculated to destroy the con-
fidence of the people in the Government itself.
But, sir,it is said that this accumulation of gold
in the Treasury is becomingan evil, and that some
provision ought to be made by which it should be
thrown into the general circulation. Well, admit
that, and yet it does not furnish any argument
for this proposition of the Senate; but it does fur-
nish an argument, if it be necessary to get it out
of the Treasury, in favor of so directing it when
it goes outthatitshallcontributetotheconfidence
of the country in the ability and honesty of the
Government; that it shall go where in equity and
natural justice it belongs. And I know of no bet-
ter proposition to accomplish this end than the
proposition of the gentleman from .Massachusetts
[Mr. Boutwell] giving the Secretary of the
Treasury the power to anticipate the payment of
interest which is not yet due, if he has a suffi-
cient amountof gold to justify him in doing it.
If he has more than is necessary to meet the in-
terest already due, let him anticipate the interest
which is not due; let him call in the coupons
upon our indebtedness, and in that way satisfy
our public creditors that they have eventually
nothing to fear from the Government, so far as its
ability and its disposition to meet its liabilities are
concerned.
This bill is based upon the presumption that
there is a demand for gold in the market, anA that
when it is ruling at a high price this gold rn the
Treasury should be thrown into the circulation.
Men who advocate that opinion oppose the prop-
osition ofthegentleman from Massachusetts upon
the ground, they say, that those who hold our
bonds will not present their couponsfor payment
before the interest matures. This is our answer
to the argument they make in favor of the Senate
proposition: if the demand for gold is so press-
ing as to require the emitting from the Treasury
of the United States all the gold it has on hand it
is pressing enough to force the coupons of the
Government to the Treasury for redemption, al-
though they have not matuied. If they are not
pressing enough to force these coupons in antici-
pation of their maturity, then the demand for gold
is not sufficient to require that itshould be thrown
upon the market. Their arguments will not hold
together; their parallels cross each other. If the
exigency requires the throwing this gold upon
the market to supply the wants of the gold mar-
ket, then, sir, we can put it upon the market
through the payment of the unmatured coupons,
sjuve our credit, show our disposition to do jus-
tice and equity to those who have trusted the
Government, and do nothing which will detract
from the honor and ci edit of the Government.
But,sir, I have saidmoreupon this subject than
I intended to say when I took the floor. I simply
desired to state briefly the reasons why I should
oppose the Senate amendment to the House bill.
1 have listened attentively to the arguments of
gentlemen on the other side, but I have heard
none yet that could be submitted to the scrutiny
of truth and stand that test. I am, therefore,
forced to believe thatthis is but ascheine to bring
another competitor into the gold market, backed
by whatever creditthc Govemmentmay have, to
compete with the bulls and bears upon the streets
of New York. I cannot, sir, give my support to
any such measure, and I have sought this oppor-
tunity of presenting the reasons which would
control my vote upon this question.
PENNSYLVANIA CONTESTED EMOTION;
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I rise to
a question of privilege. 1 hold in inv hand a cer-
tain paper relating to the contested election from
the third congressional district of the State of
Pennsylvania, which I desire to have referred to
the Committee of Elections, with the understand-
ing that it shall go there for what it is worth, in
the same manner as papers were referred to the
same committee the other day in the case of Knox
m. Blair.
The paper was referred to the Committee of
Elections, and ordered to be printed.
SAM OP SBRBLTJS 001,1)—AGAIN.
Mr. STEVENS obtained the floor.
m Mr. HULBURD. I ask the gentleman to yield
™he floor one moment, that I may offer an amend-
ment to the bill.
Mr. STEVENS. I will yield to the gentle-
man, but only for that purpose.
Mr. COX. I would ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania whether he intends to press this bill
to a vote this evening.
Mr. STEVENS. Oh no, sir. I sought the
floor for the purpose of moving an adjournment;
but I will yield to my friend to offer his amend-
ment.
Mr. HULBURD. I shall be compelled to be
absent from the House to-morrow on business;
but I wish to offer an amendment to the bill, which
I now send to the Clerk's desk, and I may say
that if that amendment were adopted, it would
obviate my greatest objection to the bill, and I
should vote for it if present.
Tfie amendment was read, and is as follows:
Add to the Senate amendment the following proviso:
Provided, That the obligation to create a sinking fund,
according to the act of February 7, 1862, shall not be im-
paired thereby.
PENNSYLVANIA CONTESTED ELECTION—AGAIN.
Mr. O'NEILL, of Pennsylvania. I desire to
ask my colleague [Mr. Randall] who introduced
the paper just now, and had it referred to the
Committee of Elections, whether the language
used by him, that that paper should go there for
what it was worth, means that it is not to be con-
sidered as referred as testimony?
Mr. STEVENS. I understand that it is re-
ferred for the consideration of the committee.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I so sup-
pose. I presented it and had it referred with the
concurrence of the chairman of the Committee of
Elections, and also of the sitting member. I con-
versed with both of those gentlemen on the sub-
ject, and they agreed that it might go there far
what it was worth, in the same manner as in the
case of Knox vs. Blair.
LEAVE OF IBSENCE TO MEMBERS.
Mr. COX. I desire to ask leave of absence for
two of my colleagues, Mr. McKinnet and Mr.
J. W. White, from Thursday next, for two
weeks.
There being no objection, leave of absence was
granted.
Mr. STEVENS. Before moving an adjourn-
ment, I wish to say to gentlemen I hope to have
a vote upon this bill very early after it is taken
up to-morrow. I think it has been very fully and
very ably discussed. 1 move the House do now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
half past four o'clock p. m.) the House ad-
journed.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, March 16, 1864.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. HARRIS presented a memorial of eighty-
nine members of the Legislature of New York,
praying for an increase in the facilities for the
transportation of mails, passengers, and freight
between the cities of New York and Philadelphia;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
He also presented a petition of paymasters'
clerks, praying for increased compensation; which
was referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
He also presented a petition of paymasters of
