1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
21Q5
suits of the North, will aggregate upon the shores
of the Atlantic and the Gulf of Mexico. Give
them local self-government and let them defend
themselves as a portion of tills Republic.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ASHLEY. I ask that by unanimous con-
sent the gentleman's lime shall be extended for
ten minutes.
No objection was made.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I do notin my placc here
ask that in Kentucky or Maryland,or in anyone
of the northern loyal States where a negro popu-
lation exists, the right of suffrage shall be given
to them, but in these three districts, South Caro-
lina, Georgia, and Florida, I would provide for
the right of suffrage to colored persons. They
have earned it by their services in the field, and
there is a degree of injustice in asking a man to
peril his life in the cause of the country and in
defense of institutions in the creation and con-
duct of which he has no voice whatever. There
is an injustice in this. It cannot stand the test
of time nor the scrutiny of civilization.
Sir, great misrepresentations have been made,
not only with reference to the negroes in this
country but with reference to the experiment of
emancipation in the British West Indies. 1 will
read a few statistics which, in their results, show
what has been accomplished by the black popu-
lation of the West Indies emancipated by the
British Government less than thirty years ago.
I venture to anticipate what 1 have to say by ex-
pressing my belief that, with the exception of
Greece, there are no people on the fare of the
earth who have made more progress than the
emancipated slaves in some of the British West
Indies. What have they done? Take, for ex-
ample, Barbadoes. They have opened schools,
and with a population of 140,000 have some 7,000
children in the schools, and they have over3,000
landholders. In Antigua, with a population of
35,000, they have more than ]0,000 childien in the
day and Sunday schools, and 5,000 landholders
among those who were formerly slaves. InTo-
bago there are 2,500 landholders, with a popula-
tion of 15,000. in St. Lucia, with 25,000 inhab-
itants, there are more than 2,000 landowners.
And even in Jamaica, which is an exception to
the West India islands in the matter of prosper-
ity since emancipation, in a population of 400,000
they have 50,000 freeholders. These leturnsare
for I860.
So, then, if you test that people who came from
slavery and barbarism in 1834 by the two tests of
primary civilization, cultivation of the soil, and
education of the children, they have made great
progress. But it is worth while to remember that
Barbadocs is one of the most populous portions
of the globe. Of the one hundred and six thou-
sand acres of land, one hundred thousand are
under cultivation, and the price of the cultivated
land is from four to five hundred dollars an acre.
If it is shown in a single instance that eman-
cipated slaves have been able to take carc of them-
selves and make progress, though there may be
twenty instances of failure, still the one instance
of success demonstrates their capacity, and their
failures are to be attributed to misfortune and the
influence of circumstances.
The dependencies of Guiana, Trinidad, Baiba-
does,and Antisrua. previous to emancipation pto-
duced 187,000,000pounds ofsugar,and m 3850-57
they piodueed annually 265,000,000, show ing a
gam of neatly 78,000,000 pounds a yeai; and their
imports went up from $8,810,000 to $14,600,090
a year.
Mr. Hineks, the late Governor General of the
Windward islands, states from his own knowl-
edge and observation, that on an estate in Baiba-
does, ninety blacks pcifonn the wotk formerly
done by two hundred and thiity s!a\es; and that
the produce of each laborer during slavery was
1,043 pounds of sugar, and the piuduoe of each
laborer since emancipation is 3,GG0 pounds. He
also states that the cost per hogshead under shi-
very was c£l0 sterling, while in J853 it was pio-
duced at a cost of steiling. In Anngu-i, with
a population of 35,000, they contribute equal to
<£1 sterling each by taxation, for the support of
religious, chautable, and odu< ational institutions.
I say, then, that the experience of the British
West Indies has demonstrated the capacity of
this race.
I ask for this people justice, in the piusence of
these great events, in this exigency when the
life of the nation is in peril and when every re-
flecting person must see that the cause of that
peril is in the injustice we have done to the negro
race. I ask that we shall now do justice to that
race. They are four millions. They will re-
main on this continent. They cannot be expa-
triated. They await the order of Providence.
Their home is here. It is our duty to elevate
them, to provide for their civilization, for their
enlightenment, that they may enjoy the fruits of
theirlahor and their capacity. The nation which
is not just shall finally
"Stand
Childless and crownless in her voiceless woe,
Au empty urn within her withered hand."
Mr. PENDLETON. Mr. Speaker, I avail my-
self of the indulgence granted me by the House
to enforce quite at length the views which I deem
pertinent to this debate. The details of this bill
require examination as well as its general policy.
It provides that in all the States whose govern-
ments are usurped or overthrown by persons in
rebellion the President shall appoint a military
governor, whose pay and emoluments shall be
those of a brigadier general; that so soon as this
governor is satisfied that the people of the State
shall have "sufficiently returned to their obedi-
ence to the Constitution and laws of the United
States," he shall cause an enrollment to be made
of all the white male citizens resident in their re-
spective counties by the marshal and his depu-
ties, who shall tender to cach one the oath to sup-
poit the Constitution. If one tenth part of the
persons enrolled in each county shall take this
oath, he shall by proclamation "invite the loyal
people of the State to elect delegates to a conven-
tion." lie shall then divide the State into elec-
tion districts, assign to each its number of dele-
gates, designate the day and the place for hold-
ing the election, appoint commissioners to super-
intend the voting, and provide an adequate force
to keep the peace. The bill prescribes the qualifi-
cations of electors. They must be loyal white
male citizens of the United States resident in the
county, enrolled as aforesaid, and must have taken
the oath prescribed by the act of 1862; and no
person who has held any office, civil or military,
State or confederate, under the rebel usurpation,
or who has voluntarily borne arms against the
United States, shall be entitled to vote foror to be
elected as delegate. The oath shall be taken by
every person before he shall be allowed to vote,
and his vote shall be excluded if the commission-
ers, notwithstanding his oath, shall believe that
he has held any such office or voluntarily borne
arms. The returns of election shall be made to
the governor, who shall canvass them, declare the
result, convene the delegates, administer to each of
them the said oath,and preside over theirdehbera-
tions. The bill then provides that the convention
shall declare:
Fust. That uo pers-on who has held or exercised any
oflice, tivit 01 iinht.uj. Si.ilc <■.' eontedn.ue, urnlci ihe
n-in[Hn«r powei shall vote foi or hea member of theLeyis-
iaruui or Goveinoi.
Second. Th.it invo'nitt.uv j-etviiude i- forevei piolnbited,
jin-i rho fieedom ol .ill puitu^ i-> yuar.uilied m s.ud Slate.
Thud. No debt, ?Ufe or eunUxleiiUe, ere.i'ed by or un-
der rhe >uneUou ot the lumping power.-hall he iceoginzcd
oi paid by the rft.Uc.
And having done so it shall proceed to establish
a State constitution which shall embody tiiese pro-
visions, and which shall be submitted for ratifica-
tion to the electois who ohoso the delegates. If j
the constitution shflll be ratified by them itshall be I
certified to the President, who shall, with the as- j
sent of Congress, by proclamation recognize the j
State government and constitution as the consti- ,
tutional government of such State, and from and :
aftei such recognition Tlepiescntatives, Senators, ;
and Hectois for President and Vice President may ;
be elected in such State according to the laws of J
the State and of the Umt-d States. )
If the cpnvention n fuse to make the required i
derivation the governor shall dissolve it, hut a j
new convention may at any time afterwaids be ,
ordered by himunder the ad vice of the President. [
The governor shall see that the laws of the (
United States, and the laws of the State in force J
when the State government was overthrown, shall l
be faithfully executed; he shall assess and collect j
the same amount of taxes as was provided for !
by the Statu in tin; yeai pu-ctding its secession; j
and shall appiy the money so collectcd to ihc ex- |i
penses of his administration, and shall pay over
the balancc to the Treasury of the Umfed States,
The President shall appoint such officers'as-were-
provided for in the State constitution, bulpeitKer
they nor the governor shall recognize oi- regard
any law or custom whereby any person was held
to involuntary servitude in the State.'
The bill then provides that involuntary servi-
tude is forever abolished in all the States in're-
bellion, that pei sons held in bondage are set-free*
that they shall be discharged by habeas corpus, and
that to restrain them of their liberty shall be pun-
ishable by fine and imprisonment; and by1 the fast
section it is enactcd that any person who, after its
passage, shall hold any office, civil or military,
State or confederate, in the rebel service shall not
be a citizen of the United States.
These ate the provisions ofthisbill. The gen-
tleman from Maryland [Mr. Davis] facetiously
entitles it "a bill to guaranty to certain States
whose government*- have been usurped or over-
thrown a republican form of government."
At last the mask has been thrown off, Allast
the pretenses have all been laid aside. Three
years of war have done their work, and the pur-
poses and objects of the Republican party have
been at last acknowledged. This bill is the con-
summation of its statesmanship, the fruit of its
experience, the demonstiation of its purposes.
The gentleman from Maryland introduced it; it
is undci stood to be distasteful to some of his party
friends; but it is a party measure; it will be voted
for by'evcry member of the Republican organi-
zation; it maiks their policy of restoration; it de-
fines their ideas of Union; it interprets their1 con-
struction of the Constitution. As such I accept
it. We have had double-dealing, hypocrisy,and
fraud for the last three years. We have had false
professions, false names, and double-faced meas-
ures. We have had armies raised, taxes collected,
battles fought, under the pretense that the war
was for the Union, the old Union, the Union of
the Constitution. These were the c.afeh-words
for the patriotic people. In the secret council-
chambers of the party they were sneered at as
devices with which to ensnare the innocent, to de-
ceive the ignorant, to coax the obstinate. They
were to be discarded as soon as, in the heat of war,
in the exasperation of passion, in the exultation of
victory, or in the bitterness of defeat and disaster
and oppression, it would be safe to divulge t-hc
great conspiracy against the Union, the constitu-
tional confederation, the principles of free govern-
ment.
That time has come. The vail is drawn aside.
We see clearly. The party in possession o-f the
powers of the Government is revolutionary. It
seeks to use those powers to destroy the Govern-
ment, to change its form, to change its spirit. It
seeks under the formsof law to make a new Gov-
ernment, a new Union, to ingraft upon it new
principles, new theories, and to use the powers
of the law against all who will not be persuaded.
It is in rebellion against the Constitution; it is
in treasonable conspiracy against the Govern-
ment. It differs in nothing from the armed ene-
mies exccpt in the weapons of its warfare. They
fight to oveithrow its authority over them, while
it seeks to overthrow that authority at home.
They would curtail the limits of the jurisdiction
of the Federal Government; it would extend those
limits, but change the basis and principles upon
which it rests. If revolt against constituted au-
thority be a crime, if patriotism consist in uphold-
ingm form and spirit the Government our fatheis
made, those in power here to-day are as guilty as
those who in the seceded States marshal armed
men for the contest.
" Revolutions move onward." That is true.
But call things by their true names. Admit you
are in revolution; admit you me revolutionists;
admit that you do not desire to restore the old or-
der; admit that you do not fight to restore the
Union. Take the responsibility of tlmt position.
Avow that you exercise the powers of the Gov-
ernment because you control (hem; that you are
not bound by the Constitution, but by yourown
sense of light. Avow that resistance to your
schemes is not treason, but war. Dissolve the
spell which you have woven around the hearts of
our people by the cunning use of the woids con-
seivatiNiu, pamotism, Union. And we will cease
all criminations, we will hm-h all repsoarfv-s for
oaths \ olated, pledges falsified, faith betrayed.
