2106
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 4,
Wo will meet you on your own ground, wc will
fight you with your weapons; and by the issue
of that contest, whether of argument or of arms,
we will abide.
Am I to be told that I misrepresent the Repub-
lican party? The gentleman who has just taken
his seat, [Mr. Boutwell,] an able and honored
member of that party., has said in your hearing,
" If I could direct the force of public sentiment
and the policy of this Government, South Caro-
lina as a State and wifh a name should never re-
appear in this Union. Georgia deserves alike fate.
Florida does not deserve a name in this Union."
The gentleman from Maryland felt that this
charge could be truthfully made. He sought to
answer it in advance. He denied that the provis-
ions of the bill contravened any clause of the Con-
stitution. Where is the authority for it? Where
is the authority to declare State governments
Overthrown? Where is the authority to recon-
struct them? Where the authority to appoint a
governor; to call a convention to remodel their
constitutions; to fix the qualifications of its mem-
bers; to prescribe the conditions of their oiganic
law; and until anew) constitution shall he made,
to administer by Federal officers such parts of the
old constitution and laws as the governor, or the
President, or tho Congress may select? Where
is the authority to prescribe the qualification of
electors or State officers; to dictate what debts the
Stute shall or shall notpay; or whether there shall
or shall not be slavery or involuntary servitude
within its limits?
The gentleman from Maryland quotes the lan-
guage of the Constitution, " The United Stales
shall guaranty to every State in this Union a re-
publican form of government." The language
is shall, not may; it is mandatory, not permissive;
it, enjoins a duty; it does not grant a privilege
merely. And the duty is cleaily defined. Mr.
Madison, in discussing this clause, said:
$s In a confederacy founded on lepubticau prlnciplosand
composed of republican tmmibeitjjtlH! Mtpei intending Gov-
ernment oit^lM. clearly ro possess auihoury to defend tile
system ntjtuiM aristocratic or monaiehical innovations.
Tlie mote intimate the online of Mieli a union m.i\ be the
greater infeiest have the members in (lie poliiieal m-tifu-
Uoijh of cacti other, and tin; iricatn light to nisKst ib.it the
lonns of government undei wlncb thecomp.iei was enreied
into should bo .substantially maintained."'
This (tower was given to prevent changes to-
ward monarchy or aristocracy in the members of
the Union. It assumed that the governments
then existing were republican in form, that changes
in them were proper, might become necessary,
were certainly within the reserved rights of the
Suites, and entirely consistent with the mainte-
nance of lepublican formaof government. This
power was not given to prevent such changes,
nor to maintain the relation of the States to the
Fedeial Government, nor to protect the State
from invasion, nor yet fiom domestic violence.
It was given for the sole purpose of pieventiug
changes in the forms of Slate government which
would makeitanti-republiean. Our fathers dealt
not in subtle devices nor used equivocal language.
They knew the then existing governments were
republican in foun; they intended to give to the
Fedeial Government no power to change thorn;
they intended to impose no limit on the right of
the States to change them, except that none of
the changes should be uuti-rcpuhlican,nud this in-
tention they can ied out in the language of the
Constitution. The States may have any form of
government so Jongas il lemams republican, and
the Federal Government shall not intervene.
Jt is true that the question whether a form of
government is republican is to be decided by
the political power, and the judicial department
cannot revise its decision; but the discretion of
the _political power is not unlimited, supieme,
subject to no control. It is subject to rule; and
the fust tule is that so long as the old State con-
stitutions and forms of government are maintained
they must he held to be republican; and the sec-
ond rule is that all other constitutions similar in
spn it and provisions are also republican, and that
so long as the States preserve such form of gov-
ernment the condition on which Federal lnteifer- :
enceis provided fordoes not exist. Slavery existed
in each of the States, except pet haps one, at the time
of the foimation of this Constitution. Its exist-
ence, theicfoie, was cleaily not inconsistent wuh
a republican govei n merit at that time, and if not in-
consistent then it cannot be inconsistentnow. The
States at-that time had their State debts; they had
entire controlofthem; they paid whatthey pleased;
they repudiated orscaled whatthey pleased; they
have done so ever since. This power therefore was
clearly not inconsistent with a republican form
of government at that time, and certainly, there-
fore, cannot be so now. The right to declare who
shall bo electors for State offices, and who shall
be eligible thereto, was committed entirely to the
State; by the terms of the Constitution the elect-
ors for Representatives should " have the qualifi-
cations requisite for electors of the most numer-
ous branch of the State Legislature, and those
who vote for presidential electors should have
such qualifications as the Legislatures might pre-
scribe." This power was then and is now not
only consistent with but is indispensable to a
republican form of government.
And yet the advocates of this bill propose to
deprive the States of power over the question
of slavery, power over their own indebtedness,
power to regulate the elective franchise and the
right to hold office, under the pretense that they
thereby execute the provision that the United
States must guaranty a republican form of gov-
ernment to the States.
Thegentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Bout-
well] has shown how he would execute it. South
Carolina, Georgia, and Florida should never again
appear as a State or in name in this Confederation.
Is their exclusion a guarantee to them of a repub-
lican government?
Has any gentleman assorted in this debate that
these powers are incompatible with republican
government? Not one. Not one would venture
so far. Then I submit that the condition in which
CtTngress may act has not arisen. If Congress
may insiatupon the three fundamental conditions
prescribed in this bill, in the case of the States
resuming their relations to the Union, then I sub-
mit that, by a parity of reasoning, it ought to in-
sist upon their incorporation into the constitution
of the States remaining steadfast by the Union.
If they me essential to republicanism m the one
class of States they are equally so in all.
Gentlemen do not asseit, but they do assume,
and this is the basis of their whole argument,
that because the Federal Government must guar-
anty a republican form of government, it may
therefoie prescribe what particular form of repub-
lican government a State must adopt. This is ob-
viously wrong. Mr. Madison in the Federalist
refutes it:
As long, theielbio, a?, theexistingicpublicaii forms arc
eontmticii liy the St.itrs, they are guarantied by the Fede-
ral Constitution. Whenever the States mnyehoo.sC to sub-
stitute othei tepnblican toim*., they have a light to do so,
and to claim the Federal guarantee foi the Salter. Tho only
restriclion imposed on litem n. that they shall not exchange
lepuhhcan tm aiili-irpubliean constitutions; niostiichou
winch il i* piej-umcd will baidly be eouMdeitid iU> a griev-
ance."
The conclusion, then, to which I am forced is
that under the language of this clause of the Con-
stitution Congress has no authority to prescribe
the conditions asserted in this bill, whatever may
be the relation of the seceded States to the Fede-
ral Government, and whatever may be the effect
of theirsecession upon the constitution and State
government then existing, i have chosen thus
tar to argue this question on the lower grade of (he
mere construction of the letter and the obvious
spint of the Constitution. I have done so because
the gentleman fiom Maryland asserted over and
over again l hat he found his authority to pass the
bill in the clause of the Constitution which I have
cited; and he deduced from that source all the
powers which are claimed to belong to the Fede-
ral Government for the purposes of this war. The
question rises, however, far higher; and I propose I
to follow the gentleman in Ins discussion of it *
into other regions. j
The gentleman maintains two propositions, 1
which he at the very basis of his views on this !
subject. He has explained them to the House,
and enforced them on other occasions. He mam-
tains that, by leason of their secession, the se-
ceded States and their citizens " have not ceased
to be citizcns and States of the United States,
(hough incapable of exercising political privileges
under the Constitution, but that Congress is
charged with a high political power by the Con-
stitution to guaianty republican government in
the States, and that this is the proper time and the
pioper mode of exercising it." This act of icv-
olution on the part of the States has evoked the
most extraordinary theories upon the relation of
the States to the Federal Government. This the-
ory of the gentleman is one of them. The ratifi-
cation of the Constitution by Virginia established
the relation between herself and the Federal Gov-
ernment; it created the link between her and all
the States; it announced her assumption of the
duties, her title to the rights of the confederating
States; it proclaimed her interest in, her power
over, her obedience to the common agent of all
the States. If Virginia had never ordained that
ratification she would have been an independent
State; the Constitution would have been as per-
fect and the union between the ratifying States
would have been as complete as they now are.
Virginia repeals that ordinance of ratification, an-
nuls that bond of union, breaks that link of con-
federation. She repeals but a single law, repeals
it by the action of a sovereign convention; leaves
her constitution, her lasvs, her political and so-
cial polity untouched. And the gentleman from
Maryland tells us that the effect of this repeal
is not to destroy the vigor of that law, but is to
subvert the State government, and to render the
citizens "incapable of exercising political privi-
leges;" that the Union remains, but that one
party to it has thereby lost its corporate existence,
and the other liasadvanced to the control and gov-
ernment of it.
Sir, this cannot be. Gentlemen must not palter
in a double sense. These acts of secession are
either valid orthey are invalid. If they are valid,
they separated the State from the Union. If they
are invalid they are void; they have no effect; the
State officers who act upon them are rebels to
the Federal Government; the States are not de-
stroyed; their constitutions are not abrogated;
their officers are committing illegal acts, for which
they are liable to punishment; the States have
nevci left the Union, but so soon as their officeis
shall perform their duties or other officers shall
assume their places, will again perform the duties
imposed and enjoy the privileges conferred by
the Federal compact, and this not by virtue of a
new ratification of the Constitution, nor a new
admission by the Federal Government, but by
virtue of the original ratification, and the con-
stant, uninterrupted maintenance of position m
the Federal Union since that date.
Acts of secession arc not invalid to destroy the
Union, and valid to destroy the State govern-
ments and the political privileges of their citizens.
We have heard much of the two-fold relation
which citizens of the seceded States may hold to
the Federal Government—that they may be at
once belligerents and rebellious citizens. I believe
there are some judicial decisions to that effect.
Sir, it is impossible. The Federal Government
may possibly have the right to elect in which re-
lation it will deal with them; it cannot deal with
them at one and the same time in inconsistent re-
lations. Belligerents being capturcd are entitled
to bo treated as prisoners of war; rebellious citi-
zens are liable to be hanged. The private prop-
erty of belligerents, according to the rules of mod-
ern war, shall not be taken without compensation;
the property of rebellious citizens is liable to confis-
cation. Belligerentsaienot amenable tothelocal
criminal law, nor to the jurisdiction of courts which
administer it; rebellious citizens are, and the offi-
ceis aie bound to enforce the law, and to exact the
penalty of its infraction. The seceded States are
either in the Union or outof it. If in the Union,
their constitutions are untouched, their State
governments are maintained; their citizcns are
entitled to all political rights, except so far as they
may be deprived of them by the criminal law
which they have infracted. This seems incom-
prehensible to the gentleman from Maryland. In
Ins view the whole State government centers m
the men who administer u; so that when they
administer it unwisely, or put it in antagonism to
the Federal Government, the State government
is dissolved, the State constitution is abiogated,
and the State is left, in fact and in form, Je jure
and dc facto, in anarchy, except so far as the
Federal Government may rightfully intervene.
This seems to be substantially the view of the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Boutwell.]
He enfoices the same position, but he does not
use the same language.
I submit that these gentlemen do not see with
their usual clearness of vision. If by a plague
