THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 16,
the United States Army, praying that the sala-
ries of their clerks may be increased; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Bfilitia.
Mr. TEN EYCK presented a petition of citi-
zens of Burlington county, New Jersey, praying
for an increase in the facilities for the transporta-
tion of mails, passengers, and freight between the
cities of New York and Philadelphia; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia.
Mr. TEN EYCK. At the request of my col-
league, [Mr. Wright,] to whom they were sent
and who is now detained from the Senate by sick-
ness, I ask leave to present'six petitions from cit-
izens of the counties of Monmouth and Burling-
ton, New Jersey, praying for a  increase in th<^
facilities for the transportation of mails, passen-
gers, and freight between the cities of New York
and Philadelphia; ancl I move that they be re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs a.nd
the Militia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY presented four petitions of
citizens of Providence, Rhode Island, praying for
an increase in the facilities for the transportation
of mails, passengers, and freight between the cities
of Now Yurie and Philadelphia; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia.
Mr. MORGAN preseited the memorial of
George V. Iloyle ahd others, citizens of Rouse's
Point and Champlain, in the sixteenth congres-
sional district of New York, prayingthat Rouse's
Point may be made a port of entry; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
He also presented two petitions of citizens of
New York, praying for the formation of a prop-
erly organized ambulance and sanitary corps for
our armies, and the enlistment of men for such
service; which were ordered to he on the table.
Mr. KUCKALEW presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Pennsylvania, ill furor ot' extend-
ing the lime for paying bounties to volunteeis to
the 1st day of April, 186-}; which were ordered to
lie on the table, and be punted.
He also presented a petition of citizens of Phil-
adelphia, praying fur an increase in the facilities
for the transportation of mails, passengers, and
freight between the cities of New York and Phila-
delphia; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia.
f-le also presented a petition of merchants of
Philadelphia, praying that the Raritan and Dela-
ware Bay railroad may be made a postal and
military road; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. MOIUULL presented a memorial of con-
tractors and builders of side-wheel gunboats,
known as doublc-cnders, praying for extra com-
pensation on account of losses sustained on their
contracts; which was referred to the Committee
on Claims.
KBPOUTS FROM COMMITTERS.
Mr. HOWARD, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Afiairs and the Militia, to whom was referred
the bill (II. 11. No. 20G) in addition to an act for
the establishment of certain arsenals, reported it
wiih an amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
88) iemulating proceedings in criminal cases, and
for other purposes, reported it with an amend-
ment.
Mr. COLLAMER, from the Committee on
Post Officcs and Post Roads, to whom was re-
ferred the mrmoiial of Matshall 0. Roberts and
others, trustees of A. G. Sloo, submitted a report
accompanied by a bill. (S. No. 174) for the relief
of the trustees of A. C*. Sioo. The bill was read,
and passed to a second reading, and the report
was ouleied to bo printed.
J. N. CARPENTER.
Mr. HALE. The Committee on Naval Affairs,
to whom was refened the petition of J. N. Car-
penter, paymaster United States Navy, praying
for compensation for clothing; stolen from him on
board the United States sloop-of-war Saratoga,
while in the port of Philadelphia, have instructed
me to report it back, ami ask to be discharged from
its further consideration.
The report v/as agreed to.
Mr. HALE. The same committee have had
under consideration the joint resolution (H.R.No.
43)'authorizing the settlement of the accounts of
J. N. Carpenter, a paymaster in the United States
Navy, report it back, and recommend its passage,
and 1 should like, if the Senate please, to have it
considered now. After this vessel came into Phil-
adelphia, and after the paymaster had left it, some
of his stores which had been left on board in
charge of another officer were broken open and
stolen—stares to the amount of §200. The evi-
dence of that fact is satisfactory-. The House of
Representatives has passed the joint resolution;
it only appropriates $200; and I hope the Senate
will-pass itat once.
By unanimous consent the joint resolution was
read the third time, and passed. It proposes to
authorize the proper accounting officers of the
Treasury, in settling the accounts of J. N. Car-
penter, paymaster in the United States Navy, to
allow and credit him with the sum of §200, the
value of articles of clothing stolen from the Uni-
ted States sloop Saratoga, after that vessel had
been put out of commission at Philadelphia in
January,1863.
BILLS INTRODUCED. *
Mr. POSTER asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
172) concerning the disposition of convicts in the
courts of the United States, for the subsisting of
persons confined in'jails charged with violating
the laws of the United States, and for diminish-
ing the expenses in relation thereto; wh;ch was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. HOWARD asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained,'leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
173) to organize the invalid corps of the Army;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs and the Mili-
tia.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
175) in relation to deserters from the military ser-
vice of the United States; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. CONNESS asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
17G) authorizing the erection of buildings for the
branch mint at San Francisco; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Finance.
NATIONAL BANKS' itATE OIT INTEREST.
Mr. HOWARD submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Oommiirop on Finance inquire into
the expediency ot m> amending tlie act ot 1862, to piovide
a national cuiieucy, to anthoiize the associations oiqan-
i/.cd under it to outer into eoimnot to take and reserve on
loans anil discounts .such rate of interest as is or may he
allowed by the liws of the State, Distiiet, or Tcrritoiy in
which the association ih located.
PROMOTION IN1 THE VOLUNTEER NAVY.
Mr. HALE submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval AtF>iii<bc in-
structed to mquiiG if some modo of pmmotion in the vol-
unteci Navy, Mimktr or analogous to that of the regular
Navy, may not he (Mabh-hcd hy law so aa to revvaid ineii-
tonoub conduot m that ehu-s of orticetj.
BILL BECOME A LAW.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mi'.Nicolay, his Secretary,announced
that the Picsident had yesterday approved and
signed an act (S. No. 120) to amend an act en-
titled "An act to regulate trade and intercourse
witii the Indian tribes, and to preserve peace on
the frontiers," approved June 30, 1834.
BILL RECOMMITTED.
On motion of Mr. CONNES3, the Senate re-
sumed, as in Committee of the Whole, the con-
sideration of the bill (S. No. 109) to expedite the
settlement of titles to lands in the State of Cali-
fornia; and
On motion of Mr. CONNESS, it was
Ordered) That the bill be recommitted to the Committee
on Public Land a.
AMENDMENT OF TIIE CONSTITUTION.
(i Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 move that the Senate
d proceed to the consideration of the joint resolu-
tion No. 16 of the Senate, proposing" an amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States,
with a view of having its consideration fixed for
some future day.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This is a joint resolution
of the most important character, involving a
change of the Constitution of the United States,
which has been recommended by the Committee
on the Judiciary. Its consideration was fixed
some time ago for the 17th of February, but that
day passed without its being called up. I now
desire to fix its consideration for some future day
which will be agreeable to the Senate, with the
view of pressing the matter to a vote at as early
a day as may be consistent with the other busi-
ness before the bod}^. If it is agreeable to the
Senate, I move that its further, consideration be
postponed to Monday next, and that it be made
the special order on that day for one o'clock.
Mr. SUMNER. I suggest to the Senator
whether that may not be too early a day. I make
that suggestion simply with reference to other
business that is now before the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL^- It will be entirely agree-
able to me to fix another day if the Senator from
Massachusetts has other business that this reso-
lution would be likely to interfere with.
Mr. SUMNER. There is other business
which has come forward during the absence of
the Senator.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This is more important
than any other business except the appropriation
bills.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Maine
always has precedence with his appropriation
bills, and I am not disposed to fix it for any day
that will interfere with his business.
Mr. SUMNER. Say the middle of the week.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If it is more agreeable to
members of the Senate, I will say Wednesday
next at one o'clock.
Mr. POWELL. I merely wish to suggest that
there is a bill of great importance now befoie the
Senate which 1 hope will soon be taken up and
pressed to a vote, and that is the bill to pievent
officers and soldiers from interfering with elec-
tions. I do not wish any order made to prevent
the progress of that bill when it shall come up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question ison
the motion of the Senator fiom Illinois to post-
pone the further consideration of this joint reso-
lution until Wednesday next, and make it the
special order for one o'clock on that day.
The motion was agreed to.
NOIiTIIEHN INDIAN SUPERINTENDENCE.
Mr. WILKINSON. I move that the Senate
postpone all prior orders and take, up the bill (S.
No. 59) extending the limits of the northern In-
dian superintendency.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill, which proposes to extend the north-
ern superintendency over all the Indians in the
Territory of Dakota.
The bill was reported to the Senate, and ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading; and it was
read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HARLAN. I movp to reconsider the
vote by which the bill (S. No. 59) extending the
limits of the northern Indian superintendency
was passed. I do not ask for action on the mo-
tion now, but desire to have it entered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clark in
the chair.) The motion will be entered, to be
acted on hereafter.
ENLISTMENTS IN THE SECEDED STATES.
Mr. WILSON. I move to t;ike up the bill (H.
R. No. 261) to provide for the'voluntary enlist-
ment of any persons, residents of certain States,
into the regiments of other States.
The, motion was agreed to; and the bill was
read.
Mr. SHERMAN. This is a very important
bill. I supposed the whole subject was covered
by the bill we passed some time ago. I trust this
bill will be postponed until we can have an oppor-
tunity to examine it. It will invito competition
all through the South between the recruitingagents
of the different States. I move to lay it on the
table for the present. I supposed the subject-
matter had been disposed of by the Senate.
