1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2107-
or other visitation of God every officer of a State
government should at the same moment die, so
that not a single person clothed with official power
should remain, would the State government be
destroyed? Not at all. For the moment it would
not be administered, but as soon as officers were
elected, and assumed their respective duties it
would be instantly in full force and vigor.
If these States are out of the Union their State
governments are still in force unless otherwise
changed. And their citizens are to the Federal
Government as foreigners, and it has in relation
to them the same rights, and none other, as it had
in relation to British subjects in the war of 1812,
or to the Mexicans in 1846. Whatever may be
the true relation of the seceded States, the Fed-
eral Government derives no power in relation to
them or their citizens from the provision of the
Constitution now under consideration, but in the
one case derives all its power from the duty of
enforcing the "supreme law of the land," and
in the other from the power " to declare war."
The second proposition of the gentleman from
Maryland is this. I use his language:
" Thatj^lause vests in the Congress of the United States
a plenal^supreme, unlimited political jurisdiction, para-
mount over courts, subject only to the judgment of the
people of the United States, embiacmg within its scope
every legislative measuie necessary and pioper to make it
effectual; and what is necessary and pioper the Constitu-
tion lefeis in the fhst place to our judgment,subject to no
revision but that of the people."
The gentleman states his ease too strongly.
The duty imposed on Congress is doubtless im-
portant, but Congress has no right to use a means
of performing it forbidden by the Constitution, no
matter how necessary or proper it might be thought
to be. But, sir, this doctrine is monstrous. It
has no foundation in the Constitution, ltsubjects
ail the Stales to the will of Congress; it places
their institutions at the feet of Congress. It creates
in Congress an absolute unqualified despotism.
It asserts the power of Congress m changing the
State governments to be " plenary, supreme, un-
limited"—" subject only to revision by the people
of the whole United States." The rights of the
people of the State are nothing, their will is noth-
ing. Congress first decides, the people of the
whole Union revise. My own State of Ohio is
liable at any moment to be called in question for
her constitution. She does not permit negroes to
vote. If this doctrine be true Congress may de-
cide thisexclusion is anti-rcpubiican, and by force
of arms abrogate that constitution and set up
another permitting negroes to vote. From that
decision of the Congress there is no appeal to the
people of Ohio, but only to the people of Massa-
chusetts, and New York, and Wisconsin, at the
election of Representatives; and if a majority can-
not be elected to reverse the decision the people
of Ohio must submit. Woe be to the day when
that doctrine shall be established, for from its cen-
tralized despotism we will appeal to the sword !
Sir, the rights of the States were the foundation
corner of the Confederation. The Constitution
recognized them, maintained them, provided for
their perpetuation. Our fathers thought them the
safeguard of our liberties. They have proved so.
They have reconciled liberty with empire; they
have reconciled the freedom of the individual with
the increase of our magnificent domain. They
are the test, the touchstone, the security of our
liberties. This bill, the avowed doctrine of its
supporters, sweeps them all instantly away. It
substitutes despotism for self-government; des-
potism the more severe because vested in a nu-
merous Congress elected by a people who may
not feel the exercise of its power. It subverts
the Government, destroys the Confederation, and
erects a tyranny on the ruins of republican gov-
ernments. It cieates unity—it destroys liberty—
jt maintains integrity of territory, but destroys
the rights of the citizen.
Sir, if this be the alternative of secession, I
should prefer that secession should succeed. I
should prefer to have the Union dissolved, the
confederate States recognized; nay, more, 1 should
prefer that secession should go on, if needbe,unul
eachState resumes itscomplete independence. I
should prefer thirty-four republics to one despot-
ism. From such republics, while I might fear
discord and wars, I would enjoy individual lib-
erty, and hope for reunion on the true principles
of confederation. From one strong centralized
despotism, overriding the rights of the people,
overriding the lights of the States,! can see no
escape except in apathetic contentment with sla-
very, or the oft-repeated, often-failing, always
bloody struggles of despairing hope. I would
rather live a free citizen of a republic no larger
than my native county of Hamilton, than be the
subject of a more splendid empire than^a Caesar
in his proudest triumphs ever ruled, or a Na-
poleon in his loftiest flights ever conceived.
Sir, I cling to the hope that these evils may yet
be averted. While I would prefer separation to
the unity which this bill would create, I would
fain hope that we may not be compelled to ac-
cept either alternative. If before it is too late the
people will see the designs of those now in power,
a^d will replace them with men who do not wish
revolution, but do heartily wish a restoration of
the Union, men—who will seek by peace the re-
sults which war has rendered well-nigh impos-
sible—who will try to attain by conciliation the
ends which never can be reached by subjugation
—who will seek in consent the foundation of the
right of the Government, in States rights the
guarantees of the liberty of the citizen—in the Con-
stitution the measure of the power of the Gov-
ernment and the extent of the surrender of per-
fect freedom imposed by the citizen upon himself—
we may hope that we may again have union and
liberty; that interest, which alone binds together
nations occupying a territory like our own, will
assert its power and heal the wounds of war, and
bring us again into the bonds of fraternal peace.
But if they will not now see these designs and
avert them, however long and bloody and deso-
lating this war, it will end—I predict it now while
the thunders of battle ring in our ears and the ex-
ultant shouts of victory rise upon the air—in rec-
ognition of the confederacy, in final separation, and
in a longer, bloodier, and more desolating war on
the part of our people—of your constituents, sir,
and mine—-to throw off the despotism which will
ere then have been firmly established over them.
Mr. ASFILEY withdrew the motion to recom-
mit the bill.
Mr. DAYIS, of Maryland. I rise for the pur-
pose of moving to pcrfcct the bill by moving1 as a
substitute for it the bill which I hold in my hand.
It is substantially the bill under discussion m the
House, with two exceptions. First, it excludes
what my friend from Ohio [Mr. Cox] objects to—
the rule of one tenth, and requires a majority to
concur in forming a government. The other soft-
ens the operations of the clause excluding officers
of the State and confederate rebel governments,
by saving meiely ministerial officers and the
inferior military officers; so that the exclusion
merely operates on persons of dangerous political
influence. Then, by arrangement with the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr.Stevens,] instead
of having a direct vote on his substitute, a portion
of it is proposed as a preamble to this bill, which,
of course, will be voted on separately, and will
take whatever fate the House may assign to it.
With these observations 1 ofFerthisasa substitute,
and move the previous question upon it.
The substitute was read.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I wish to appeal to the
gentleman from Maryland to withdraw the pre-
vious question, that I may offer an amendment.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I cannot yield.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I wish to offer an amend-
ment to strike out the word " white" wherever
it occurs m describing the qualifications of voters.
Mr, DAYIS, of Maryland. X cannot yield for
that or for any other purpose.
The previous question was seconded.
Mr. ANCONA. I move that the bill and sub-
stitute be laid on the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
The mam question was then ordered, which
was on agreeing to the substitute.
The question was taken, and the substitute was
adopted.
Mr. DAYIS, of Maryland, called for the yeas
and nays on the third reading of the bill.
Tiie yeas undnavs were not ordered. *•
The bill aa amended was ordered to bo en-
grossed and read a third time; and being en-
gtossed, it was accordingly road the third time.
The question recurred on the preamble,as fol-
lows:
Wheieas the confbdeiate States are a public enemy,
waging an unjust war, whoso injustice is so Rani's* that
they jidve no right to claim the mitigation oi the extiemo
rjjxht- of war which ate necoi.lcd bv modem us-ayo to an
enemy who ha.- a light to founder the war a ju.t one;
and whereas none ol rhe States which, by a i< ^ulariy ic-
corded majority of its citizens, have joined the southern
eoufedeiaey can be considered and treated as entitled to
be represented in Congress, or to take any part in tbe polit-
ical govermnent of-the Union: Therefore. % 
Mr. DAYIS, of Maryland. I move the pre-
vious question on the preamble.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question oraered.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. The word "-so-
called" is omitted by mistake in the preamble, I
desire to have it inserted.  
Mr. ANCONA. I object.
Mr. FA RNS WORTH called for the yeas and
nays on the preamble.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STEVENS. I rise to a privileged ques*
tion. I move to reconsider the vote by which
the main question was ordered. I do it for the
purpose of moving to insert in the amendment
the words " so-called."
Mr. COX. I move to lay the motion to recon-
sider on the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to; and
the question recurred on ordering the main ques-
tion.
The main question was not qrdered.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to amend the pre-
amble by inserting the words <$ so-called" before
the words u confederate States,"and to insert the
same words before the words "southern confed*
eracy",where they occur; and I now demand the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put. s
The amendment to the preamble was agreed to.
Upon ordering the preamble to be engrossed
and read a third time with the bill, on a division
there were—ayes 56, noes 39.
Mr. STEVENS demanded theyeasand nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
It being now within five minutes of the time
fixed by the House for taking a recess,
The SPEAKER stated that unless otherwise
ordered in advance the House would take a re-
cess immediately on the vote being announced.
Mr. COX. 1 move to rescind the order for a
recess.
The SPEAKER. That motion would not be
in order at this time, while the House is acting
under the previous question. Under the practice
of the House it would be in order to extend the
time for the session of to-day; but a general reso-
lution on this subject, or a general rescinding of
the existing resolution, would not be in order
while the previous question is operating.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the present ses-
sion be continued until this bill shall have been
disposed of.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I make the question of
order that no business can intervene while the
llouse jh acting under the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the ques-
tion of order, it has always been considered a
privileged question to extend the time for takwtg
a recess, so as to continue the consideration of
any business then pending.
The question being upon the motion of Mr.
Morrill,
Mr. STEVENS demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion was agreed to.
The' question then recurred on ordering the
preamble to be engrossed and read a third time
with the bill, on which the yeas and nays had
been ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 57, nays 76; as follows:
YHAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Andcr>on. Ash-
ley, John i). Baldwin, Baxter, Beaman, Boutweli, Bojd,
Broomall, Cole, ilemy Wint< t Donnelly, Dri^y*,
KckR'v, Kliot, Frank, <J:u field, GnnnWl, Higby*, Hooper,
Hotehki>s, A^iliel W, Httbbaid, John II. Mubbaid, Julian,
lvaston, lleliey, Fiancis W, Kellogg, Littlejohn, Loan,
Longvcar, MoBiide, McClurg, Aloorhoaii, Daniel Morih,
Amos Myois, Leonaid Myers, Notion, Charles O'Neill,
Otth, Patterson, Peritam, Pike, Price, John II, "ice, Ed-
watil II. ilollttis H'-henek, Shannon, Sloan, Spalding,
Elevens, Up-son, Wiiluim B. Washburn, VViihnm-, Wilder,
and Woodbndaf—57.
NAY^—Mews. William J. Alien, Ancona, Arnold, Au-
gustus O. Baldwin, Jacob B. Blair, blow , Biooke. James 3.
Brown, William (.*. Brown, Chauler. Clay. Cox, On-swell,
D.uwm, DcniMm, Eden, Eldud^', Vanisworth, Fenton,
Fmck, Ganson. Grhler. ll.tb\ Unit, fJarihmr, Benjamin <5.
Ham>, Charles M. Hants, lie-rick, JJolman, Ilulburd,
Philip Johnson, Otlundo Kellogg, Kernuti. Jvnapp, Law,
La/.i-ai, Le Blond, J oit<£. 3\Iarr)- , Mat vim. IMcAUnrer, Mc-
indoo, Middletoti, Mouill, Aloirioon, Noble, Udell, John
