1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. WIDSON. I will say to the Senator from
Ohio that this isabill which has passed theHouse
of Representatives by a very largo vote—a vote
of more than two to one. It was introduced there
by Mr. Blair, of Missouri, amemberof the Mil-
itary Committee, and was supported by several
gentlemen, among others by General Garfield,
wiio said that it was the best and wisest bill that
was pending before Congress.
Mr. SHERMAN. We had the subject up be-
fore, if I remember aright, and it was discussed,
and wo took our deliberate action on the subject,
and inserted thataction in a bill which is now the
law. Certainly we ought not to have a bill on the
same subject brought up again, and passed hur-
riedly in the morning hour.
Mr. WILSON. I admit the fact that the mat-
ter has been discussed in the Senate; but this is
a House bill which has been passed by the House
of Representatives, and I hope it will receive the
sanction of the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Ohio moves that the bill lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC BILI*.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill No. 52.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will it occupy much time?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not imagine that it
will take up much time, but I cannot tell. I will
agree that it may be laid aside at one o'clock if it
be not then disposed of. It is a bill to provide for
the punishment of minor offenses in the United
States courts.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no objection to it;
but I wish to go on with the bill which was loft
unfinished yesterday.
Mr. GRIMES. This day has been assigned
for District business.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not wish to interfere
with other business, but this is a bill in which
there is some little public interest.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator fiom Illi-
nois will withdraw his motion, I move that the
Senate now proceed to the consideration of the bill
which was left unfinished yesterday.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to go on with
the District business.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope the Senator from
Iowa will allow me to gdt this bill out of his way.
Mr. GRIMES. Very well.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I withdraw my motion.
I will not interfere with other business if there is
anything more pressing.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then I make my motion.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (II. R. No.
40) making appropnations for the consular and
diplomatic^expenses of the Government for the'
year ending 30th June, 1SG5, the pending ques-
tion being on concurring in the amendment made
as in Committee of the Whole, to strike out the
word " and'5 after the word "consuls," in line
fifty-one, and to insert, after the word "agents,"
in line fifty-two, the words <l and twenty-five con-
sular pupils."
Mr. GRIMES. Is it in order to move to amend
that proposuion >
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is.
Mr. GRIMES. Then 1 move to amend the
amendment by striking out the word "pupils''
and inseitmg " clerks." I make this motion, not
because I am in favor of the appointment of these
clerks, but because 1 do not like to have anything
passed through that does not convey the exuet
meaning and in tent of the pi o position itself. There
is no umj for us to disguise the fact tiiat tlu-se arc
really, virtually, substantially neither more nor
less than clerks. Who imagines that the political
life of any one of these pupils, or clerks, if you !
nlease, is going to last any longer than lasts the
political 1 lie o( his supmor in the consulate?
The Senator from Vermont [Mr. Collamer] sug-
gests that it will not piobably last as long. It
certainly will not last any longer. When there
is a change of Admmistiatiun, when the consul
goes out, the cles k will go out with him. I lie e fleet ;
of the proposition, as I understand if, is shnply |
to give a cleik,at a salary of $1,00!) payable in !
gold, which amounts probably to ^1,600 a year, to :
twenty-five of such consuls as the Secietaiy of '
State may select. I wan t it to appear on the statute
exactly according to the design ut Cungiess.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know but that
"arose by any other name would smell as sweet;"
bur there is no very particular reason to impute
any design to conceal anything with reference to
this matter, because, in the first place, it was the
original provision of the diplomatic and consular
bill which was repealed very shortly afterwards,
as was stated by the honorable Senator from Ver-
mont yesterday; and, in the next place, the Sec-
retary of State, in his communication which I sent
to the Chair yesterday, distinctly avowed the ob-
ject, and that was that they were to be clerks of
the several consuls. They are called consular
pupils; but if it is any gratification to the honor-
able Senator from Iowa, or anybody else, to call
them clerks, I do not know but that it would be
as well to call them so. Certainly there is no very
great objection to that.
1 do not know that thisamendmentcomes with
so much propriety from the Committee on Finance
as it might come from anothercommittee,andyet
I am not very certain about that point. The fact
was that it was taken up in the Committee on Fi-
nance on a communication which was sent to that
committee from the Department of State, and it
was discussed and acted upon and adopted there
before the question was suggested whether it
should not properly have been considered in the
Committee on Commerce; but, inasmuch as we
had examined and voted upon the subject, we
thought it might be as well to report itourselves,
and I understand that the Committee on Com-
merce are in favor of the proposition. I might go
through the form of withdrawing it us a recom-
mendation from the Finance Committee, and allow
it to be recommended by the Committee on Com-
merce; but in this stage that would be a mere
form, and the committee do not think thatcourse
advisable. The Senate can act upon it in its pres-
ent condition just as well as if it came from
another committee
Mr. MORRILL. The Committee on Com-
merce have voted upon it and agreed to recom-
mend it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then there is no neces-
sity for our withdrawing it so as to let it come
from that committee, although as an original
question, if it were now to be considered over
again, our committee would probably send it to
the Committee on Commerce, as we sent several
recommendations of the State Department; but
we happened to vote upon it and recommend it.
I was a member of the Senate at the time the ori-
ginal diplomatic and consular bill was passed,
which contained a provision for consular pupils,
and at that time my attention was not called to
the bill, and there was no discussion about it. I
agree with my friend from Vermont that shortly
afterwards it came up and this provision was re-
pealed; and, according to my best recollection, I
was one of those who advocated its repeal—not
in so full a manner as my honorable friend from
Veimoiit has done now, but I stated some of the
views which I entertained then, and they coin-
cided with the views now expicssed ^y him. The
great and leading consideration for its icpeal was
that Congress did not believe the thing would be
of a permanent character. That is to say, we
supposed that if these young men were to be ed-
ucated for consuls, there was no sufficient assur-
ance, m the mode which is followed in this coun-
ti y with reference to the appointment of consuls,
that they would cei tamly leach that position, be-
cause, this being considered, like everything else
in the way of office, a it-ward for political ser-
vices, and the pupils perhaps having rendered
none, might not be thus appointed; and therefore
it would be uncertain m its character, and we could
not rely upon the expectation of deriving any per-
manent benefit from the expenditure created by
the piovision.
Upon deliberation I have changed my views,
and I om willing to admit that 1 have changed my
views; and for that 1 can give the reason which
has been given so often by a great many much
bettei men than myself, that I am willing to ad-
mit that sometimes I am wiser to-day than I was
yestuday. The views presented by the State De-
partment m writing and also verbally, have con-
vinced me that the danger thus apprehended is ;
not so great as was supposed.
In thelirst place, taking oureonsular system as
it is, we know that in many places the salaries aie
exceedingly small. We make no provision what- i
ever for clerk hire. We compel the consuls them-
selves to pay their clerks out of their own salaries.
Whether an allowance is made from the fees for"
that purpose, I do not know. Experience has
shown that in many of the principal consulates,
such as London and Liverpool and Havana and
other places, and in fact in almost all of them,
they are obliged necessarily to employ foreigners.
They cannot take a clerk out from this country
and support hfm. They get men on the spot; and
where those men have had experience and un-
derstand the duties of the office, they become
necessarily masters of the situation, and they are
retained in office from the necessity of the case
under succeeding consuls. A foreigner, for in-
stance, who is chief clerk of the consulate at Liver-
pool, is in reality the master of the office, and so
at Havana, particularly if he happens to be a for-
eigner, as in most cases he is, and gets to under-
stand the business. The consul himself goes out,
as a general rule, every four years. When a new \
consul co«ics in, he is ignorant of the business;
he knows very little of the customs of business
and of business transactions—perhaps this arises
from the very necessity of the case—and he is in-
structed by his clerk, and when he is absent, as
he necessarily is on many occasions, the clerk be-
comes the consul.
In this state of things it is considered desira-
ble by the State Department that in the principal
consulates there should be pupils or clerks ap-
pointed by the Department who shall be of some
permanent character. It has been shown by ex-
perience, as I have said, that the clerks do not
change with the changes of Administration.
They are not political personages. So with these
consular pupils; they would go outas youths and
learn the business; and the belief of the Depart-
ment is that their position, from the necessities
of the consulates themselves, would necessarily
be in a great measure permanent, and if anything
more was necessary in order to keep them in mc
office than the pay that was originally provided
for them, it would undoubtedly be paid by the
consuls themselves out of their salary in order
to retain their services, as they pay their clerks
now.
It was believed, therefore, and I confess my
own mind came to that conclusion, that the an-
ticipated difficulty that they would be continually
changed was not in reality a difficulty to be ap-
prehended; that, from the very situation of things,
as proved by experience with regaid to the clerks
of these laigc consulships, they would be in their
nature permanent; and thus we should have our
own citizens—and an officer so important ought
to be one of our own citizens, in these large con-
sulates certainly—educated to the business, in a
position to discharge the duties of the office and
to render all those services that are necessarily
rendered by a chief clerk. The necessities of the
consul would compel him to retain such an officer •
precisely as he now retains a clerk under the
same circumstances.
Again, sir, we have had a large increase within
the last few years of our consulates abroad; I
moan in countries where the English language is
not spoken. We have several very important
consulates in China, consulates which we pay
.very inadequately. Although the Committee on
Commerce have not seen fit to recommend an in-
crease of their pay, I am satisfied that some of
them are rendered comparatively valueless from
the enormous expense they are at and the inade-
quateness of their salary, and provision ought to
be made for them. If we have these regular clerks
in the consulates, the belief is, selecting intelli-
gent and tolerably educated youths, that they
would in a very short time learn the language of
the country, and thus having acquired the lan-
guage and a knowledge of the business and the
customs of the several places where they are, they
would be able to render very great assistance, and
we should have our own educated men in these
itnpoi tant consulships abioad, in China, in Japan,
and in other places.
Sir, these are very positive advantages; and,as
I said befoio, our consular system is, in myjudg-
ment, fast becoming self-supporting. For theser-
vices rendered—and the services it has rendered
during this war have been of infinite consequence
and value to the country—it is the poorest paid
and the cheapest of any branch of our service
whafever. 1 believe that we are not drawing upon
