3084
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 18,
Mr. Speaker, I urge upon the gentleman from
Connecticut to bring this matter at once before
the House. If he is anxious to present New
London as his choice, let those who are ready to
advocate League island have the opportunity of
showing its merits. This House has been in pos-
session of facts, through the reports made from
the Naval Committee, and should not hesitate
now to act, orshouldnot delay action. My col-
leagues and I want th'e question fairly before us,
and while we from Philadelphia may have a lo-
cal pride in advocating -League island, and the
members from Pennsylvania would feel that our
glorious old Commonwealth would be honored
by locating this great iron naval station within
her borders, yet, Mr. Speaker, there is not one
member of the delegation who would presume to
press upon Congress the acceptance of this gen-
erous and patriotic offer, were it not the only lo-
cation suitable in every respect for the object pro-
posed and having advantages such &b do not ex-
ist anywhere upon or near the Atlantic seaboard.
Mr. Speaker, I again most respectfully ask that
the reports of the committee on iron naval sta-
tions be at once considered.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. I do'not yield the floor
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania. If he had
waited he would have found that we would arrive
at the subject to which he has referred soon
enough. 1 have a few bills of a private nature
■which I am instructed to report by the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs, and as they will consume
but little time, I propose that they shall be first
disposed of.
NAVAL PAYMASTER BARRY AGAIN. .
Mr. WILSON. I rise to a point of order.
The gentleman from Connecticut reports back
this Senate bill from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, when that bill has been referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and is sttll in that
committee. I insist that the bill has not been in
possession of the Committee on Naval Affairs,
and that the gentleman has no right to report it.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. i think 1 can make a
suggestion which will obviate the gentleman's
objection. This subject was referred to the Na-
val Committee, and they have instructed me to
make the pending report.
The SPEAKER. As soon as attention was
called to the fact, the gentleman from Connecticut
had the title of the bill changed, and it is now be-
fore the House as a House bill.
Mr, WILSON. f make thcpointof order that
this subject lias never been referred to the Com-
mitter on Naval Affairs, and that they had, there-
fore, no rijht to make any report on it.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. It was referred by peti-
tion to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The SPEAKER. Then the Chair overrules
the point of order, and decides the committee has
jurisdiction <>fthe subject.
Mr. 1IOLMAN. I ask that the report of the
Senate committee be read.
The Clerk read the report.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. Mr. Speaker, if any-
thing could be understood from the reading of the
rcpoit at the Clerk's desk—and from the confu-
sion which has prevailed I am of the opinion that
it was not understood very generally—then these
facts would have become apparent to the House.
In the year J857, the applicant for relief, Pay-
master Barry, became surety with G. W. Cow-
dery, of Norfolk, for the faithful perfonmmce of
the duties of paymaster by John Debiee.
Mr. Debree faithfully performed the duties of
paymaster up to the year 1861. In the early part
of ilmt year he was paymaster on board the frig-
ate Cumberland when she arrived at Norfolk
Soon after he was induced to resign, but up to
the irtst moment of his connection with the Gov-
ernment honestly cAred for its interests, leaving
in the public chest, on board the frigate, very
nearly twenty thousand dollarsin gold and silver,
and a large quantity of clothing and small stores,
together with the usual transfer rolls of the offi-
cers and crew, containing evidence of very large
advances made by him during the cruise, all of
which were duly received by his successor, Pay-
master Cramer Burt, of the United States Navy.
Mr. Debree was paymastei on board the Cum-
berland Trom October 17, 1860, to June 11, 186*1,
a period of eight months and twenty-four days.
Paymaster Burt, in his sworn statement, says
that he " cannot recollect the amounts in money,
clothing, and small stores which appeared upon
the roll as having been issued to the officers and
crew of the Cumberland," but he " knows that
they were very large, the officers in almost every
case being paid in full up to the day Mr. Debree
left;" and the Fourth Auditor of the Treasury,
in a communication to the committee, says:
"From the complement of that vessel, in officers and
men, Mr. Debree's payments and issues to them, for that
time, in money, clothing, and small stores, must have been
certaiitiy equal if not in excess ot the above stated balance
against him of $45,914 1'2.* * * . *
therefore'have not the slightest doubt that had his accounts;
and vouchers for these payments and issues for that time
been received at tins office he would not, on settlement,
have been indebted to the Government a single cent."
Soon afterMr. Debree left the Cumberland, the
navalengagementin Hampton Roads took place,
and all the money and vouchers transferred by
Paymaster Debree to Paymaster Burt, together
with Mr. Burt's own vouchers and accounts, went
clown in the Cumberland, which was sunk by the
Mernmac on that occasion. Paymaster Burt
was subsequently relieved from the consequences
of disaster4and his accounts settled by act ofCon-
grcss. Paymaster Barry, the surety for Debree,
now applies for the same relief,and the account-
ing officers of the Treasury say (t both Mr. Barry
and Mr. Debree are well known to tho account-
ing officers of the Government for uniform punc-
tuality, intelligence, and integrity, as disbursing
officers of the Navy, during a long series of years;"
and it is therefore " believed that had not the ac-
counts, rolls, and papers of the Cumberland been
destroyed, as stated in the memorial, Mr. Debrec's
account with that vessel would have been (as all
his former accounts were) satisfactorily settled."
On this state of facts the Committee on Naval
Affairs instructed mo to report this bill. It is an
actofsimple justice that Paymaster Barry should
be relieved from the consequences of the disaster
to the Cumberland. 1 move, therefore, that the
bill be put on its passage.
Mr. WILSON. I think it would be better to
have a little more time to look into this matter,
and I therefore move that the bill be leferred to
the Committee of the Whole House on the Private
Calendar.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. I have no objection to
that.
The motion was agreed to.
TREATY OF 181;.
Mr.GRlSWOLD, from the Committee on Na-
val Affaits, icported back House joint resolution
No. 91, in relation to the treaty of 1817, with the
recommendation that it, do pass.
The joint resolution was rend.
Mr. WASHBURiVE, of Illinois,moved to in-
sert the woids "authorized and directed."
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution as amended was ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. PRUYN. i would inquire if this is a Sen-
ate bill, or whether it originated here.
The SPEAKER, it is a House resolution.
Mr. PRUYN. Has it been considered by a
committee ?
The SPEAKER. It has been considered by
the Committee on Naval Affairs, and by them re-
ported to the House.
Mr. PRUYN. 1 would like to hear some ex-
planation of the necessity for this resolution.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. The necessity
for it grows out of the objections which have been
raised to the establishment of a naval depot upon
the lakes. There was some doubt in the minds of
the Naval Committee, and it seems there was
some doubt m the mind of the Secretary of the
Navy, as to the application of that treaty to Lake
Michigan. There was no question, so far as I
could learn, in the minds of the members of the
Naval Committee as to the necessity of some prep-
aration for lake defenses, and upon consultation
it was deemed much better to give this notice
which would free us from all question of an in-
fraction of that treaty than to establish a depot in
violation of what some might term the conditions
of that treaty.
i took occasion before this resolution was in-
troduced to have some conversation with the Sec-
retary of State upon the subject, and 1 believe
there was no idea that any difficulty would arise
out of the action of tho House in this matter.
Mr. GRIS WOLD. I understand that the Sec-
retary of State has no objection to this course.
Mr. PRUYN. The object I had in view is
gained, and with this explanation accompanying
it I think such a resolution should pass. I thought
it should not go out to the world without expla-
nation, and as indicating a desire for a rupture
with Great Britain.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. GRISWOLD moved to reconsiderthe vote
by which the resolution was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NAVY-YARD AT NEW LONPON, CONNECTICUT.
Mr. BRANDEGEE, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, reported back a bill authorizing
a survey at New London, Connecticut, and the
establishment of a navy-yard for iron-clad ves-
sels thereat; which was read a first and second
time by its title.
The bill authorizes and directs the Secretary
of the Navy to appoint a competent engineer to
designate and survey the necessary amount of
land on the river Thames, at and above Win-
throp, near New London, Connecticut, for the
establishment of a na'vy-yard and naval depot for
the construction, docking, and repair ofiron, non-
clad, and other naval vessels.
The bill further provides that it shall be the
duty of the Secretary of the Navy, as soon as the
report of said engineer shall have been made to
him, and a good title to the land therein desig-
nated have been tendered by the city of New Lon-
don to the United States, to accept of the same
for naval purposes for and on behalf of the Gov-
ernment, andto establish tlsereatanavy-yaidand
depot for the construction, docking, and repair of
iron, iron-clad, and other vessels.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. Thecommitteeinstructed
me to report that bill, and ask to have it put upon
its passage. But I understand that the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mi. Kelley,] on behalf of a
minority of the committee, has prepared a minor-
ity report, and desires to submit a bill, in the na-
ture of a substitute, recommended by the minor-
ity. I yield the floor to him for that purpose.
Mr. KELLEY. In accordance with the in-
structions of a minority of the committee, I send
to the Clerk's desk a substitute for the bill just
reported by the gentleman from Connecticut.
Thesubstitute,~which'was read, provides that the
Secietary of the Navy be authorized and directed
to accept from the city of Philadelphia the title to
League island on behalf of the Government,and
to establish thereat a navy-yard and depot foi the
construction, docking, and repair of iron, iron-
clad, and other vessels.
Mr. HOLM AN. I rise to a privileged question.
I move that the'House adjourn.
Mr. KELLEY. I believe I hold thefloor with
the consent of the gentleman from Connecticut.
What would be the condition of this bill if a mo-
tion to adjourn prevail?
The SPEAKER. It will comeup as unfinished
business whenever that class of business is
reached.
Mr. KELLEY. I do not yield to such amo-
tion.
Mr. PIKE. I propose to move that this mat-
ter he postponed until the seoond Monday in
December next.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. I must decline to yield
for that purpose.
Mr. PIKE. Well, at some stage in this dis-
cussion when I can obtain the floor I propose to
make that motion, as it is now so late in the ses-
sion that even if the House should act upon the
subject its action could not be considered and
concurred in by the Seriate. I suggest to the
gentleman from Connecticut that he may as well
test the sense of tho House now as after the mat-
ter shall have been partially discussed.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. I am not authorized by
the Committee on Naval Affairs, whose organ I
; am so far as this bill is concerned, to agree "to
any such motion as the one indicated by the o <n-
tleman from Maine. However, I am not dis-
' posed to press a bill of this magnitude, relating,
! as I think, to the efficiency of the Navy, against
an unwilling House, especially at this late hour
of the day and this late day of the week. If the
House is of opinion that this measure ought to bo
