1132
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 16,
the funds of the country to any extent that we
shall not be amply repaid for by making the small
expenditure necessary to raise the grade of our
principal consulates and get a better kind of ser-
vice than we have been able to get hitherto, from
the very fact that the men going out there are en-
tirely unacquainted with their business, do not
speak the language of the country to which they
are sent, and are forced to depend upon such_as-
sistance as they can pick up at the time as inter-
preters, &c., in order to get along at all.
I believe that very considerable benefit might
be derived in another point of view. I have a
hope that the intelligence of the country will
bring it and is fast bringing it to the conclusion,
if we can find men who are competent, and edu-
cated to the business of attending to our commer-
cial affairs abroad, without being politicians and
partisans, their services will be recognized by any
Administration that may come into power for the
benefit of the Government itself, and that where
they have distinguished themselves, and shown
that they are abundantly fit for the business to
which they have been educated, they will take in
these important places the places themselves,and
be able to render us vastly better service than we
have as yet received from any quarter.
Now, sir, it is known—and I am sorry to say
it—although our consular and foreign services
have very much improved in many particulars,
that the consular service particularly is very much
inferior to the consular service of any other lead-
ing people, for the reason that we make these
continual changes, and that we do not educate
our men to the business for which we send them
abroad. Gentlemen are aware that the commcrce
of this country is continually increasing and en-
larging; that our intercourse with foreign nations
is becoming more and more extensive, and more
and more complicated and intimate every day.
The war has developed—I do not mean that it is
growing in time of war—the absolute necessity
of having a good consular service. Why, sir, I
will venture to say that we have saved more
money in consequence of the valuable consular
service we have had, in Europe particularly, dur-
ing this war than would pay the whole expenses of
our consular system five times over, merely from
the information they have given to the Govern-
ment at home, and which has been improved by
the vigilance with which the Government has
availed itself of the information thus furnished.
I am not in a condition to speak at any length
on this subject. I simply give these reasons for
the change of opinion which I confess toiniefur-
ence to this particular proposition. I believe that
thesmallappropriation asked for the appointment
of twenty-five consular clerks, if my friend from
Iowa prefers to call them clerks, to be appropri-
ated _in this way and for these objects, would re-
sult in a vast deal of good, and that the evils we
apprehend, as they are stated by my friend from
Vermont, [Mr. Collamer,] are more in appre-
hension than in reality. I confess that I agreed
with his views fully ut the time this subject was
first considered; but more careful examination
and deliberation and consultation have convinced
me that i was in error.
I will state, moreover, that I think something
is due to the experience of those who manage our
public affairs, I think it ought at least to be con-
cluded that they have the same amount of intel-
ligence and capacity that we have, man for man,
and that they have been in acondition to acquire
more information than we have, because it is their
peculiar study. We find that three Secretaries
of State—-the present Secretary and his two pre-
decessors—all men of distinguished ability, all
men who have studied this subject carefully," have
been consistent and urgent in recommending that
Congress should make this provision. AU of
them have made communications to Congress on
the subject. They have become satisfied that
great good will follow. Prom the considerations
they have adduced to me, and the weight and re-
spect that I certainly am disposed to attach to
their opinions, strengthened by the experience
they have had, I am willing at this time to carry
into effect their wishes on the subject.
Mr. COLLAMER. When I addressed the Sen-
ate yesterday on this subject, 1 stated that there
was something of atrial of mind in differing from
the opinion of those who were of the Administra-
tion that I claimcd to support, and I always differ
from them with very great deference; but yet my
opinion—and it is not merely my opinion, but the
opinion which was entertained by both Houses
by large majorities when this subject was con-
sidered—remaining the same, I felt it my duty to
state the objections which existed at that time,
and exist now.
The honorable Senator from Massachusetts
[Mr. Sumner] said yesterday the great merit of
this proposition was that it was an attempt by
some process of education to elevate our consular
system; and that that was'the purpose. I sup-
pose, then, the design is to create some degree of
Eermanency in the employment of these persons.
.et us examine that for a moment. These con-
suls have clerks of their own hiring now. They
make no complaintaboutitthat I know of. They
understood that they were to hire them when
they took their appointments. The honorable
Senator from Michigan [Mr. Chandler] men-
tioned the case of the consul at Manchester. We
adopted yesterday in committee an amendment
to raise his salary, and we do not want this prop-
osition for that purpose. It is said the consul at
Manchester has more duties to perform than for-
merly, and I can easily perceive under our recent
act for the tripling of certificates why there may
be occasion for raising his salary; and I believe
such a provision was voted yesterday and put
on this bill; but that has nothing to do with these
clerks.
It has been said over and over again, and es-
pecially much reiterated by the honorable Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner,] that this
appointment of consular pupils or clerks was a
feature of the original consular and diplomatic
bil 1 of 1856. What if it wis? It is said that the
bill itself loses its consistency by leaving this
proposition out, because the salaries were fixed
in that bill with reference to the aid which might
be obtained by the consuls from their having
boys to instruct. The salaries of consuls were
for the first time fixed in that bill; but I do not
know how anybody can say that the salaries
were fixed, that is, made smaller, because they
were to have more duties to perform, to instruct
pupils. That I do not believe. It is a fancy
sketch. There is nothing in it.
But, sir, if that were true, apply it to the case
in hand. The argument would seem to be this:
you have given these fixed salaries to consuls
under that system, and now you strike out that
provision and yet you do not raise their salaries.
How was the fact? This provision was put in
the consular bill of 1856, and was repealed in Feb-
ruary, 1S57. I believe every consul we have was
appointed under the law that had that clause re-
pealed out of it. They accepted their appoint-
ments and went on to perform their duties when
that was not the law. Therefore there is nothing
in the world in that argument. It is not true that
these consuls were appointed under a law which
we have altered. They were appointed under a
law that had that alteration already made. So
much for that.
The question recurs, is there a probability of
elevating and improving the condition of our con-
sulships by the appointment of these pupils, as
you call them, or clerks? The great point is, to
secure some degree of permanency in the duties
of the office. How is it now? We are assured
by the honorable Senator from Maine that the
clerks now in those offices are permanent; that
practically and in fact they do not change with
the consuls, that experience shows you do not
change them. Then you propose here to make
a law to change them. If you think it necessary
that the clerks should be American citizens, all
you have to do is to pass a law to that effect. We
can provide by law that the consul shall be con-
fined in the appointment of his clerks to Ameri-
can citizens.
These twenty-four pupils are to be put in green
to help the consuls, and are to bekeptgreen,too,
because they are to be put in by presidential ap-
pointment with the consular appointments. The
appointments are received from the same source
and subject to the same change. Does anybody
suppose that that provision will secure perma-
nency? The very nature of it is to produce a
changc, and it would seem, if anything was in-
tended by it, that a law was now to be made to
prevent there being any permanency, and to put
the clerks or pupils on the footing of the consuls,
who are changed, of course, with every change
of Administration. I cannot conceive how that
will induce permanency.
The idea has been thrown out that these men,
when they have become acquainted with the du-
ties of the office as clerks, will be elevated to the
consulships. I ask you, sir, to look in the his-
tory of our Government, and tell me where have
you ever seen a clerk in a Department raised to
the head of that Department no matter what was
the measure of his experience. You might ap-
point a parcel of pupils, as you call them, or
clerks, to the Senators now holding seats here, to
be by them instructed, in order to elevate the con-
dition and learning of the body itself in due time;
and how many of them do you suppose would
ever be elected Senators? And yet there would
be much more likelihood of their being elected
Senators, as I think, than that this proposition
would secure any permanency in these consul-
ships, which are entirely executive.
It is said the amount of consular intelligence in
the different places needs elevation; but the ques-
tion is, will this proposition tend in any way to
produce that elevation, when the young men have
no assurance of employment, and by the nature
of thethingcannothave? And if anyoneofthem
should be appointed a consul, it would be with
the distinct understanding that he should go out
of office at the next presidential election. You
secure no permanency by that.
Indeed the whole subject could not be better
illustrated than by one of Peter Pindar's poetical
anecdotes. It is related thai a good widow brought
her boy to London to select a trade to which he
was "to be apprenticed. She gave him a week to
look about the city everywhere to select the em-
ployment. At the end of the week he returned to
his mother and told her that he had concluded to
be bound apprentice to the king. He had looked
around, and that was the best employment he
could find in the city. [Laughter.] Now, where
is the ludicrousness of the anecdote? Simply that
you cannot make an apprentice into a king; you
never could and never would; and there is exactly
the absurdity of this proposition. You propose
to make a young man an apprentice to a consul-
ship which he can never get, and if he should get
it he could never hold it.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I am sure the Senator from
Vermont does not desire that the public interest
should be sacrificed for the sake of a joke. I would
not add a word to the discussion which has taken
place on this subject if I did not feel that there
was a necessity for something to be done in be-
half of our present consular system. I consider
that there is a necessity for it. No one will dis-
pute that it is our duty and our interest to keep
up an efficient consular system abroad; the de-
mands of commerce require it. There can be no
question upon that subject. Under the present
system of salaries granted to our consuls abroad,
an efficient consular system cannot be kept up.
I think I am justified in making this declaration
by the evidence and the facts which have been
laid before the Committee on Commerce on this
subject. Why, sir, I think I am not wide of the
truth when I state that some twenty or thirty of
our consuls at important points have laid before
the Stale Department applications, which have
been submitted to us, for an increase of their sal-
aries, showing by actual statements and figures
that they cannot remain in their present posts to
serve the country, no matter how anxious they
were originally to obtain them, upon the salaries
now given to them by the Government. They
show by actual statements of the expense of liv-
ing, of the amountof house rent, and the expense
of employing additional clerks that several of them
do not receive a dollar more than is sufficient to
pay their expenses; and yet they are required, to
a certain extent, to keep up the credit of their
Government abroad, and to entertain travelers
and citizens of the country who may reach the
different places where they are stationed.
This evil has grown so extensive that, since the
present Administration has come into power, not-
withstanding the anxiety on the part of politicians
to obtain these positions, we have confirmed as
many as three different consuls to the same place
in consequence of resignations growing out of the
inability of these men to maintain themselves in
the positions which they so eagerly desired. Al-
though we had a rush for these appointments
