186B.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
87
Mr. DAWES. I wish to know from my friend
whether the Post Office Department did not ob-
tain from the Comptroller the basis on which this
was to be settled before the case was submitted to
him; and whether the Post Office Department did
not after that agree with the claimants to submit
this question to the Comptroller precisely as it had
been to his predecessor. And I ask whether my
friend is not aware of the fact that the Comptroller
of the Treasury, just before his death, had this
matter submitted to him by the Post Office De-
partment with the consent of the claimants, and
that he had piepared a report, but was stricken
down the day before he had made it up and en-
tered judgment in this matter? Does he not know
that the matter came before Congress after that?
Why, sir, it was heard here in this House; and
subsequently to that the Post Office Department
had these claimants enter into a written agree-
ment, after learning from the Comptroller upon
what basis he proposed to hear this case, to sub-
mit it to them. I want to know if my friend does
not know, further, that, in a written stipulation
filed by their attorney, both the Post Office De-
partment and the claimants agreed that they had
submitted ail of the evidence and all of the argu-
ments that they desired?
Now, I do not know what the judgment is to
be. I do not care what it is to be. 1 only say
that, after the Government has chosen its own
tribunal and gone before it with these claimants,
and because it suspects that the judgment is not
going to be in its favor, or because it thinks that
the decision will be unfavorable, it now proposes
to transfer it to another tribunal more favorable
to its interest. It is the last party in the world
that oughtto distrust its own tribunal,and come in
here, after procuring adjournment after adjourn-
ment before the trial—to come in here as it is pro-
posed, take it away from the Comptroller, and
refer it to the Court of Claims. I do not want,
for one, that the Government should be placcd in
that position.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Speaker, I know this, so
far as the point made by the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts is concerned, that this subject was re-
ferred to the Comptroller of the Treasury. Mr.
Medill, the then Comptroller of the Treasury, in-
vestigated the whole subject, and he made an able
report to Congress. That report has probably
been examined by every gentleman who hears my
voice. It establishes the fact, beyond cavil, that
not a single dollar was due from the Government
of the United States to these claimants—not one
single cent. There has never been any pretense
that the Government realized any benefit from the
contract, or that the contract was ever consum-
mated. By this decision it is established that these
parties have not the shadow of a claim against the
Government of the United States.
This was the only adjudication on this subject
by which the Government of the United States
should be bound. It was the final determina-
tion of the whole question. After this, I admit
that the question was brought again, as these
questions are brought constantly, to the consider-
ation of a succeeding Comptroller of the Treas-
ury, the late Mr.Whittelsey, and it is said that he
was prepared to make a report, which #as pre-
vented by his death. What the substance of that
report was we are not informed, although some on
the other side seem to have been. That is the
report of the Comptroller to which my friend re-
fers. That the Post Office Depai tment consented
to refer this matter to the Comptroller—if such is
the fact, and I have no information on that subject
—does not, in the most equitable view of the case,
preclude the farther action of Congress.
Mr. KASSON. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me for a moment.
Mr. HOLMAN. In one moment. Whether
it has been referred by the present Postmaster
General to this tribunal or not cannot be a ques-
tion of consequence. The question is now, the
subject having been acted on by one Comptroller
and ably reported against, whether this claim
should be passed on again, or whether it should
be referred, in justice to all of the parties con-
cerned, to a tribunal sufficiently numerous in its
elements of judicial qualities as the Court of
Claims? It is a mere question of policy. In allow-
ing this question to come before one of the officers
of the Government, I think that the Government
of the United States has shown extraordinary
favor to these claimants. They ought to see,
when there has been one adjudication on this
subject by one officer, to whom it was referred
by law, that that should be final and conclusive.
This proposition is to suspend this proceeding
until Congress shall acton the resolution to refer
the whole subject to the Court of Claims,.whose
decision must necessarily be final. I will now
yield to the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Kasson,]
as I propose to call the previous question.
Mr. KASSON. Mr. Speaker, when I offered
the other day the resolution on this subject 
Mr. SPALDING. I object to yielding the floor.
Mr. MORRILL. If the gentleman from Indi-
ana will yield to me, I will renew the demand for
the previous question.
Mr. SPALDING. I object.
Mr. HOLMAN. It is well known that if ob-
jection be made to my yielding the floor, and 1
yield it without moving the previous question, I
lose the right to the floor.
Mr. MORRILL. I will renew the demand for
the previous question if the gentleman will yield
to me.
Mr. HOLMAN. I yield the floor to the gen-
tleman with that understanding.
Mr. MORRILL. I do not know anything
about the special merits of this controversy be-
tween the Post Office Department and these con-
tractors, but I do know something about the char-
acter of the First Comptroller, and I know that
he is as well qualified to decide this question as
any member of the Court of Claims, cither as to
professional capacity or as to integrity;and if the
question is now taken out of his hands it will be
a personal imputation upon that officer which I
think this House, if they knew him, would be re-
luctant to cast. I have nothing further to say.
Mr. STEVENS. I would ask the gentleman,
before he moves the previous question, how many
million dollars this claim is supposed to involve?
Mr. MORRILL. It involves, at the utmost,
$113,000.
Mr. STEVENS. I understand it amounts to
about two miHions.
Mr. KASSON. I can state to the gentleman
that it involves $1,800,000.
Mr. DAWES. I think I am authorized to say
that no such claim has ever been made.
Mr. KASSON. 1 have seen it.
Mr. MORRILL. In response to the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, I say that the claim, at
the utmost, involves only §113,000. I now re-
new the demand for the previous question, and
move to !ay the resolution upon the table.
Mr. LOVEJOY. f hope I shall be allowed to
ask one question by common consent. I would
like to know how long this claim has been pend-
ing?
Mr. STEVENS. Since I was a boy. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object to
debate.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
The question was taken on Mr. Morrill's
motion; and the House refused to lay the resolu-
tion on the table.
The House then divided on seconding the pre-
vious question, and there were—ayes 32, noes 14;
no quorum voting.
Mr. STEVENS called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Holman and
Sloan were appointed.
The House divided, and the tellers reported—
ayes 65, noes 30.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered.
Mr. SPALDING demanded the yeas and nays
on the adoption of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and itwas decided in
the affirmative—yeas 109, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. William J. Allen, Allison, Ames, An-
cona, Arnold, Baily, John D. Baldwin, Beaman, Jacob B.
Blair, llhss. Blow, Boutwell, Boyd, Brooks, Broomall,
James S. Brown, William G. Brown, Ambrose W. Clark,
Cobb, Coffioth, Cravens, <Jte*vvull, Dawson, Doming, Dcn-
ntson, Donnelly, Driges, Dumont. Edgerton, EJdndge,
Eliot, English, Farnsworth, fenton, Fmck, Frank, Gan-
son, Glider, Grinnell, Hah-, Hall, Harding, Charles M.
Harris, Holman, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard,
Hutclnns, Philip Johnson, William Johnson, Julian, Kas-
son, Reman, King, Law, Le Blond, Loan, Long, Long-
year, Lovejoy, McAIIistcr, McClura, McDowell, Mclndoe,
Middleton, Samuel F. Miller, William II. Miller, Moor-
head, Amos Mvers, Leonaid Myers, Nelson, Norton,
Odell, Charles O'Neill, John O'Neill, Orth, Pendleton, Pcr-
ham, Pike, Price, Radford, Samuel J. Randall, William II.
Randall, Robinson, Rogers, Edward H. Rollins, Iloss, Seo-
field, Smith, Smuhers, Stebbins, John B. Steele, William
G. Steele, Stevens, Stiles, Strouse, Tiary, Upson, Van
Valkenburgh, Elihu B. Washbume, Webster, Whaley,
Wheeler, Chilton A. White, Joseph W. White, Wbidom,
Winfield, Fernando Wood, and Yeamah—109.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Anderson, Ashley, Augustus C.
Baldwin, Blaine, Brandegee, Cole, Cox, Henry Winter
Davis, Dawes, Dixon, Eckley, Garfield, Gooeh, John H.
Hubbard, Knapp, McKinuey, Morrill, Daniel Morris, No-
ble, Shannon, Sloan, Spalding, William B. Washburn,
and Williams—25.
So the resolution was agreed to.
During the roll-call,
Mr. ALLISON stated that Mr. Wilson was
detained at his room by indisposition.
Mr. HOLMAN stated that his colleague, Mr.
Harrington, was detained at his room by sick-
ness.
The result of the vote having been announced
as above recorded,
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. HALE, from the Committee of Claims,
reported back, with a recommendation that it do
pass, joint resolution No. 11, in relation to the
claim of Carmack & Ramsey, and moved the pre-
vious question on its engrossment and third read-
in£-
The joint resolution directs that all the papers
and evidence touching the claim of Carmack &
Ramsey, submitted to the First Comptroller of
the Treasury under the sixth section of the act
of Congress, approved August 18, 1856, entitled
"An act making appropriations for the service of
the Post Office Department during the year end-
ing June 30, 1857," together with all the questions
relating thereto, shall be transferred to the Court
of Claims for adjustment and determination.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation
the joint resolution was engrossed and read the
third time.
The question was taken on the passage of the
joint resolution, and it was passed.
Mr. HALE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the joint resolution was passed; and also
moved to Idy the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
STATE GOVERNMENT FOR COLORADO.
Mr. ASHLEY, from the Committee on Terri-
toiies, reported back a bill (H. R. No. 11) to enable
the people of Colorado to form a constitution and
State government, and for the admission of such
State into the Union on an equal footing with the
original States; which was ordered to be printed,
and recommitted.
STATE GOVERNMENT FOR NEBRASKA.
Mr. ASHLEY also, from the same committee,
reported back a bill (H. R. No. 14) to enable the
people of Nebraska to form a constitution and
State government, and for the admission of such
State into the Union on an equal footing with the
original States; which was ordered to be printed,
and recommitted.
CLERK TO COMMITTEE.
Mr. WHALEY, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, reported the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions be
authorized toemploy aclerk, at the usual compensation of
four dollars per day for the time he shall be actually em-
ployed as such clerk.
Mr. WHALEY. I desire to state that the res-
olution offered the other day by the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Washburne] did not include
the Committee on Invalid Pensions. That com-
mittee was allowed a clerk at last Congress, and.
I do not think that any member of it is willing to
perform the duties of clerk.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will state
that when I introduced a resolution authorizing
clerks to committees, I omitted inadvertently the
Committee on InvalidPensions. That committee
had a clerk atlastCongress; and certainly I think
it requires a clerk more than any other commit-
tee of the House, on account of the amount of
business which comes before it. I trust the res-
olution will pass.
The question was put; and the resolution was
adopted.
