1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8087
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Hay, hie Secretary, announced that
on the 18th instant he had approved the follow-
ing; act and joint lesolutions:
An act (S. No. 291) to amend an act entitled
"An act to enable the people ofGoloradoto forma
constitution anu State governmt nt, and for the ad-
mission of such Stale into the Union on an equal
footing with the original States;"
A joint resolution (S. No. 59) to provide for the
revision of thelawsof the Districtof Columbia; and
A joint resolution (S. No. 64) explanatory of
an act entitled "An act extending the time for the
completion of the Marquette and Ontonagon rail-
road of the State of Michigan."
JUAN MIRANDA.
Mr. CARLILE. I ask the indulgence of the
Senate to take up the motion submitted by the hon-
orable Stnatoi from Vermont [Mr. Foot] for a
reconsideration of the vote by which the bill (S.
No. 238) to settle certain private land claims in the
State of California was indefinitely postponed.
Mr. CONNESS. The only question I think is
upon a notice given of a motion to reconsider. I
do not understand the Senator as wishing to take
up the bill, but to have the Senate vote whether
or not they will reconsider the vote by which the
bill was indefinitcly'postponed.
Mr. CARLILE. I understand that a motion
was made by the Senator from Vermont to recon-
sider that vote. If am in error he will correct me.
Mr. FOOT. The motion was made.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
is recorded as having been made.
Mr. CARLILE. I learn that by the rules of
the Senate, unless the vote indefinitely postponing
the bill be reconsidered at this session, the bill
will fall at the end of the session. Now, it is not
nty purpose, if it is not desired by the Senator
fiom California, to enter into any argument on
the merits of the bill this morning. I merely wish
to put it where it was befoie the question was
taken on the indefinite postponement; and then,
when it is convenient, at this session, or, if that
does not suit the pleasure of the Senate, at the
next session, I will bring it up and explain it. I
will consult the convenience of the Senator from
California and of the Senate on that point. All
I want is to have the benefit of this motion to re-
consider, which will fall, as I understand, with
the adjournment of this session of Congress if it
be not agreed to.
Mr. CONNESS. The motive that I had in
making the motion for the indefinite postpone-
ment of the bill I stated to the Senate at the time.
To us it is a very important question. The very
pendency ofalnllof this kind here throws a cloud
over the title to some very valuable property in
which a great many citizens of my State are in-
terested. My object in making the motion to in-
definitely postpone the bill was to throw off that
cloud, to defeat the bill in that way that we might
have an end of it. 1 was not satisfied to have the
vole taken on the passage of such a bill until the
facts and circumstances connected with the case
weie more fully presented than they have been
by myself to the Senate, hut I have no desire to
trespass on the attention of the Senate at this time
nor again during the session upon this subject. I
hope the motion to reconsider the indefinite post-
ponement will not be carried, and I wish the de-
libeiate vote of the Senate to remain so that the
matter may be considered as finally disposed of.
I need not add that the State winch I in pai t rep-
lesent heio has instructed iu Senators andjtep-
resuiitativf s how to act on this measure. I hose
solemn resolutions of the sovereign State have
been read fiom the Senate desk. 1 ask Senators
not to reconsider their voteaiid put tins question
upon us again.
Mr. CARLILE. I do not wish to take up the
time of the Senate, if I can have this vote recon-
sidered, by a discussion of the bill upon its merits,
and I therefore made the proposition to the Sen-
ator from California to allow the vote to be re-
considered and I would consult his convenience
as to the time when the lull should be taken up
again, but if this is to be made a test vote, 1 shall
feel it my duly to present to the Senate the merits
of the proposition, as I understand them.
Mr. CONN ESS. I hope the Senator will do it
now so that we may dispose of the question.
Mr. CARLILE. I trust the Senate will take
the matter up.
Mr. CONNESS. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Virginia to
take up for consideration the motion to reconsider
the vote on the bill referred to by him.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr, Me DOUG A LL. I should like to have this
measure reconsidered, not for present considera-
tion, but for full consideration at a convenient
time. I did not to any considerable extent par-
ticipate in the debate on this bill; I did not think
it necessary for the advice of the Senate; but be-
fore this matter is finally disposed of, I desire as
in part representing California and as entirely
differing from my colleague, to discuss this mat-
ter with all the understanding I hove on^the sub-
ject. I think my acquaintance with the subject
is more intimate than that of my colleague. I
only wish the discussion to be full and complete
on the merits of the bill. Whatever then may
be the judgment of the Senate, 1 of course shall
submit to. I trust the vote will be reconsidered,
so that the bill may at some proper and conven-
ient time be fully canvassed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion to take up the motion to recon-
sider.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 26, nays 13; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. C.irJile, Oillamfr, Cowan. Davia, Fes-
scudcu, Foot, Poster, Grimes, Hale, Harlan, Harris. Hen-
dricks, Johnson, Lane of Indiana, McDougaH, Motiran,
Nesmith,Powc!l,Ilielmrd son, Riddle, Snulalmry, ghenuaii,
Ten Evck, Trumbull, Van Winkle, and Wiiley—26.
N.\YS—Messrs. Anthonv, Blown, Clark, Cunnexs, Dix-
on, Dominie, Ilowaid, Hoive, Pomeroy, Sprague, Sumner,
Wade, and Wil =on—!3.
ABSENT—Messrs. Buckalew, Chandler, Hardin?, Hen-
derson, Hiek=,Lane of Kansas, Morrill, Ramsey, Wilkin-
bOn, and W'ngllt—10.
The PRESlDENTpro tempore. The bill is be-
fore the Senate, and the question is on the motion
to reconsider the vote by which it was indefinitely
postponed.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
now recurs on the motion to postpone the bill in-
definitely.
Mr. CARLILE. I now move, if I have the
right to do so, that the further consideration of
the subject be postponed until the second Tuesday
in Deeembei next.
The PRESS DENT pro tempore. The Chair will
suggest to the Senator from Virginia that a mo-
tion" to postpone indefinitely takes precedence of a
motion to postpone to a day certain, so that the
motion to postpone indefinitely must first be put.
Mr. CARLILE. Then I trust the Senate will
give me an opportunity to make the motion I have
indicated, by voting down the motion to postpone
indefinitely.
Mr. CONNESS. I would make any concession
personally to the honorable Senator from Vir-
ginia, but he wil! excuse me upon this question,
which I regard as of so much consequence. I hope
that the Senate will determine the matter now by
a vote, so that we shall not have the question kept
open, to the detriment of a large portion of the
people of California. If the Senator desires to
make the bill the special order for any day before
the end of this session, I have no objection; but
I do not wish to have it postponed until the next
sessien, with all its annoyances, and with its m-
iuiv to the people of my State.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I voted the other day for
the indefinite postponement of this bill, and after
the vote was given, in conversation with some
oui'lemen who had looked into the question, I
thought perhaps 1 had made a mistake. My at-
tention was called to it, and I began to look into
the case. In fact a party who is interested, who
claims title under Miranda, called upon the and
stated oially the ground on which he stood. On
looking at the papeis and from his statement I
found the facts to be substantially these: this man
who claims under Miranda made a mistake; him-
self; that is to say ho mistook his own rights; the
Ort( paper.* were brought out and exhibited ill
suclfform that he was led to believe thatOitega
held the title and that his own title was good tor
nothing. At all events he abandoned his own
title by reason of the mistake which he niude
himself. Then he claims! that there was a mis-
take made by the Supreme Court of the United
States, in consequence of which he suffered the
time to expire within which he could get the
benefit of the law so as to prove up his title. If
it was simply a question between us and a man
claiming so much of the unoccupied public do-
main, 1 could listen to this plea and to the force
of it; but I understand that on this very grant
there has now grown up a town of three thousand
or four thousand inhabitants,persons who settled
on this very land. To my mind when a man has,
whether through his own mistake or through a
mistake of the Supreme Court, or the act of "God,
or in any other way technically lost his right to
dispossess three or four thousand people from the
public domain, I am not willing to give him a
right to come in and show a perfect title which is
to eject the population of a whole city from the
land on which they live, without at least impos-
ing terms upon him. On the whole I shall vote
with the Senator from Virginia, to postpone this
matter until the next session, for we can not at this
session go into a discussion of it and ascertain
what are the real rights of the case. If I could be
prevailed upon to ailow this man to intervene, I
should impose in the law itself such terms as
would secure the rights of the inhabitants.
Mr. CONNESS. I wish for the satisfaction
of the Senator to call his attention at this point
oftime to a factleft out in the oral statement made
to him. The withdrawal of this case from the
land board by this party was not made on the
exhibition of what appeared to be a superior title
in the Ortega claimants, but it was made on a
written compact, a copy of which I have here
verified, between the Ortega men and the Miranda
men. This party's name is signed to the docu-
ment, in which he agreed that he would withdraw
his papers and use his best endeavors to confirm
the Ortega claim, and then divide the proceeds
between them upon terms arranged and under-
stood; and he did not withdraw it innocently; he
is not out of court by anything but his own act
in agreeing to confirm a title which lias since been
rejected, and therefore I say he has neither law
nor equity. Still, if it is the pleasure of the Sen-
ate, (for I do not desire to impose on the Senate,)
I will withdraw the motion to postpone indefinite-
ly, as requested by the honorable Senator from
Virginia, although I cannot withdraw it without
believing that it is an injury to the people of my
State. I withdraw my motion so that the Sena-
tor from Virginia may present his.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
to postpone indefinitely can only be withdrawn
by unanimous consent. The Chair hears no ob-
jection; the motion is withdrawn.
Mr. CARLILE. Now I feel bound m good
faith to the Senate to make the motion which I
suggested a shoit time ago, to postpone the fur-
ther consideration of this bill until the second
Tuesday in December next.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE 1'KOM THE HOOSB.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk,
announcing that the House had passed the fol-
lowing bills and joint resolution; in which it re-
quested the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (No. 446) to regulate prize proceedings
and the distribution of prize money, and for other
purposes;
A bill (No. 532) to establish certain post roads;
A bill (No. 534) to authorize the Secretary of
the Navy to provide for the education of naval
constructors and steam engineers, and for other
purposes; and
A joint resolution (No. 99) reserving mineral
lands from the operation of all acts passed at the
present session granting lands or extending the
time of former grants.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills and joint resolutions from
the House of Representatives were severally lead
twice by their titles, and referred as indicated be-
low: ,
A bill (No. 533) loproridoforusceitaimngancl
adjusting claims against the Government for in-
iuiy or destruction of property by the Aimy ot
the United States, or by militaiy authority, dur-
ing the present icbellion—to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
