1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2111
This new doctrine of our national construction
is a fearful assumption of unwarranted power—an
awful stride towaid a centralized Government. It
forces at once upon us, as well as upon the coun-
try, the momentous question, is our Government
a national Government, and the States but mere
provinces thereof, or is ita Fedeial Government,
a Government of a community of independentand
sovereign States, united by a compact or agree-
ment?
The inquiry demands the calm and earnest in-
vestigation of every man in the nation. If this
claim of national power made by the President
anil his party is true, then the sovereignty and
reserved rights of my noble State of Ohio are
stricken down, and your State as well, Mr.
Speaker, and the State of every Representative
upon tins floor. Then these mighty States, in-
stead of being, in the language of Jefferson, co-
ordinate branches of the Government, of equal
order, of the same rank or degiee, become de-
pendencies, mere corporations for purposes of
taxation and conscription.
Let us descend to first principles, and like earn-
est inquirers ask what is a national Government ?
I answer, it is a Government of the people of a
single nation, exercising complete and perfect su-
premacy over all persons and things within its
boundaries that can be made the lawful objects
of government. What is a Federal Government ?
It is a Government of a community of independ-
ent and sovereign States, united by a compact or
agreement. Is ours a national or a Federal Gov-
ernment?
At the time of the formation of this Govern-
ment there were men who feared that the Federal
Government might, by usurpation, destroy the
independent sovereignty of the several States;
a fear which has culminated in our day to a sad
reality. To dispel such fears and lemove such
opposition to the ratification of the new Consti-
tution, just submitted to the people of the States,
Mr. Madison, one of the fathers not only of the
Constitution butof the Federal Government, pub-
lished the following article, explanatory of the
rights of the States under the new Federal Gov-
ernment. I quote from the thirty-ninth number
of the Federalist:
" The idea of a national Government involves in it not
only an nurlmt ity over Uiu individual citizen, but an mdcli-
nilci supremacy ovei ul! person5* and tiling-*, so far as they
are object-sot lawful "overmnont. Anions? a people consol-
idated into one nation this* supiemney^ completely ve-tcd
in the national LegHatuie. Among communities muted
{or paitieulat pmpo^es it is vested patlly m the geneial and
partly m the municipal Legislatures, in the tormcr ea&e
all local authentic? are subiudinatc to the siiptrm'', and
may be controlled, duei-t^d, or abolished by it at pleastne.
in the kuter, the local or municipal authouties form dis
tinct and independent poitions of the supremacy, no more
subject within then ic-pective sphere-, to the general au-
thority than the geueial authority is subject to them wilhta
its own sphetc.
" In thi ielatu>n,thci), The proposed Government cannot
be deemed a national one, since its jurisdiction extends to
ceitam enumeiatcd object?, only, and leaver to the several
States a residual y and mvioiablc sovereignty overall other
objects.'"
This clear, distinct, and emphatic announce-
ment of tile construction, powers, and jurisdic-
tion of our Federal Government, should be to
every candid and honest mind conclusive, unless
the question is raised as to whether Mr. Madison
understood the operations of tlie Government lie
so earnestly labored to create.
The thirteen original colonies, or States, that
formed our present Union were at the time of the
formation of that Union," and for a time whereof
the memory of man runneth not to the contrary,
sovereign and independent States, save the alle-
giance they severally owed to the British Crown.
In the year 1778, when'oppressed by British tyr-
anny, the thirteen colonies, or States, entered into
a compact, known and designated asa Confedera-
tion, and adopted "Articles of Confederation,
explanatory of the objects and purposes, and
limiting the powers of the Confederation.
The'firstand second sections of those " Articles
of Confederation" read thus:
"Aut. 1. The bt>!e of this Confeiieiacy shall be, The
United States ot Aineilea.
"Art. 2 Eaeli Stmt' retains its soveieigrity, freedom,
and independence, and every powei, jurisdiction, and right
which is not by this Confederation expie^ly delegated to
! the United State"; in Congie-sutseinbled."
I Now, Mr. Speaker, have we not all been taught
by men in every school of politics that the Con-
federacy was not a national Government, but a
simple compact or league between sovereign and
independent States for the purposes as expressed
in the third article, in these words:
"The said States hereby sevei ally enter into a firm league
of friendship with each other, lor their common defence,
the security of their libeities. and their mutual and gen-
eral welfare.''
But that long admitted and unquestioned fact
is now distorted into an argument by the friends
of this Administration by which to justify the
shameless usurpations of power, and the iron
reign of despotism over sovereign States and cit-
izens now exercised by the General Government.
These apologists fordespotism and national wrong
tell us, true, the Articles of Confederation tied the
hands of the General Government and exalted
the sovereignty and independence of the States,
and thereby proved a failure; and to remedy tins de-
fect the present Constitution was fanned, whereby
the powers of the Federal Government were ex-
panded and increased, and the sovereignty and
powers of the States diminished, and rendered
subservient to that of the national Government;
that in the adoption of the Constitution of the
United States the people of each State surren-
dered and transferred their local sovereignty and
rights to the people of all the States in the aggre-
gate; and that then and thereby the people of all
the States of the Union became consolidated into
one single community or national Government.
Such istheargumentof these apologists of law-
less, shameless tyranny.
But, Mr. Speaker, the history of our present
Federal Constitution tells us a different story. It
tells us that the Convention which framed that
Constitution was convoked, not by any act or au-
thoiity of the people of the several States in mass,
but by a'resolution of the Confederate Congress.
And it was called, not for the purpose of estab-
lishinga national Government, and the surrender-
ing of the sovereignty of the people of each State
to that national Government, as is now claimed,
but, in the very language of the resolution itself
of the Congress of the Confederation calling that
Convention, it was—
" Foi the solo and expires purpose of revising the Arti-
cles of Conl'edi ration, and reporting to Congress ami the
s.evoi.il State Legislatures suell alterations and provisions
therein as shall render the Federal Constitution adequate
to the exigencies 01 tile Government and llie preservation
of tlie Union."
Thus the objects and purposes of the Conven-
tion thus called were clearly defined; and with
those distinct objects in view, delegates to that
Convention were appointed, not by the people of
the States in the aggregate, but by the Legisla-
tuies of the several States, in the Convention
which fiamed the Constitution of the United
States the delegates voted by States, each State
casting one vote, and after its formation was sub-
mitted" for ratification to the several States, and
was approved, not by the vote of the mass of the
, people of I lie United States, but by each State
' actingseparately thereon for itself, as an independ-
i ent sovereignty. In all this there was no dwarf-
' ingofthe rights of the citizen and the sovereignty
of"the States into a great national Government.
Am I coirect? Let us appeal to Mr. Aladison
again, in the same number of the Federalist from
which I have already quoted, in which he appeals
to the people to ratify the Constitution submitted
to the States:
"Tin- a^entaml unification is to be given by tlie people,
not as individual-coin posing one entire nation, but as coin-
iji,Mil" the distinct and independent Stat s to which they
respectively belong. Il i-to he the assent and ratification
of the tevi'ral States. The aet, ihereloie, establishing the
Constitution will not be a national but a Federal act.1'
And further on he says:
"Kadi firate, in iatil>mg the Constitution,i-, considered
as a soeeieign body, independent of all others, and only to
be bound by its own voluntaiy act. In this relation, then,
the new Constilution will, it established,be aFedeial and
not a national Constitution."
The present Federal Constitution, therefore,
was ordained and established not by the whole
, people of the United States, collectively or in mass,
j; asa distinct community, but by the several States,
the people of each acting in the name and by the
authority of their State, as a distinct, sovereign,
independent people, and that the Constitution thus
formed was a mere continuation of the same
Union, and a mere revision or remodeling of the
,| Articles of Confederation, wherein the several
ii States had expressly stipulated that the condition
, of their union was, that "each State retain its
'j sovereignty, freedom, and independence."
The preamble to the Constitution declares that
it was ordaine'd and established "for the United,
States of America." What, then, are " the United
States of America" but the several States united
by a compact or agreement of liniited and ex-
pressly defined pavers? And what was the ob-
ject for which these States were thus united? To
destroy and abolish the States, as independent
and sovereign communities, and establish a great
national Government for the American people
collectively ? If so, would not so great a change
ift the political status of a people ever jealous of
their rights and watchful of every encroachment
of governmental power have been made clearly
manifest by provisions leaving no grounds for
doubt? Think you that a stern and stalwart peo-
ple, who could fight and battle for seven long
years rather than pay a tax without representa-
tion, which was the evidence of their nationality
and sovereignty as a people, would merge their
identity in the new Government under the Consti-
tution if the same was not to be a continuation of
" the United States of America," under the Arti-
cles of Confederation, which provided that "each
State retain its sovereignty, freedom, and inde-
pendence?"
But that object is announced in the Constitution
itself in the words " to form a more perfectUnion,
establish justice, insure domestic tranquillity, pro-
vide for the common defense,promote thegeneral
welfare, and secure the blessings ofliberty to our-
selves and our posterity." " To form a more per-
fect Union," thus recognizing the existing Union
under the Articles of Confederation, and simply
proposing to render it "more perfect." What
Union is here referred to? Surely nothing more
nor nothing else than the Union between the in-
dependent and sovereign States already existing.
Then the object sought to be accomplished by a
substitution of the Constitution of the United
States for that of the Articles of Confederation
was to perfect their union as distinct and sover-
eign communities, to establish justice among the
States, to insure their domestic tranquillity, to
provide for the common defense and general wel-
fare of the States, and to secure the blessings of
liberty to them and their posterity as the people
of several distinct communities.
In all this the Federal character of this Gov-
ernment is explicitly declared as distinguished
from a consolidated national Government of peo-
ple; and there is nothing which amounts to any-
thing like a surrender of State sovereignty by the
people of the States, and a transfer of it to the
whole people of the States collectively as a dis-
tinct community or consolidated nation of people.
If then I am correct—and as to that I submit
to the judgment of candid men—it must be ap-
parent lhat the Government of the United States
was ordained and established by sovereign and
independent States, with powers limited and well
defined,derived from theStates,and is therefore,
mutatis mutandis, the " creature" of the several
States, and not the States " the creature of the
General Government, "asannounced by the Presi-
dent.
A State government is a government of a com-
munity of people. The Federal Government of
the United States is a Government ofacommunity
of States. Such was the beautiful system ofgov-
ernment formed by our revolutionary fathers, and
now so ruthlessly attempted to be destroyed by
furious Jacobins. Thomas Jefferson, in writing
to his friend Destutt De Tracy, said:
"The tine barriers of our liberties in tills eountiy are
[State governments ; and the wisest conservative power
ever devised by man is tli.it of wllicll our Revolution ami
tn esent Government found us possessed." * * *
"The republican Government of France was lost witliout
a struggle, because the party of 'one and Indivisible' pre-
vailed."
If one of our States can, upon its whim, nul-
lify a law or set aside the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, that would destroy the independence
of the Federal Government as an equal and co-
ordinate power with that of the States. So, if
the Federal Government can abrogate in whole or
in part the constitution of a State, or disregard
the " reserved rights" of a State, as is now done
by the President and his proconsuls, that would
destroy the independence of the States as a co-
ordinate power of tlie Government, and^ would
inaugurate the party of " one and indivisible,
which Mr. Jefferson said destroyed the republican
Government of France. It would, in a word,he
