90
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 22,
or more of the men living immediately around
me were killed at the siege of Lexington, and their
wives and orphans are not the persons who have
sold their claims. I know hot a single one who
has sold the claim. It is the wives and orphans
of those men who are now asking this pittance at
the hands of the Government, and it will be a very
small pittance to each. 1 remember, from inves-
tigating the claims of those who had been recruits
in my neighborhood, that none of them exceeded
between fifty and sixty dollars. And why? Be-
cause the men were recruited and put into the ser-
vice irregularly, in the month of June and in the
month of September, Price captured all of them
from that part of the State, because they were in-
side the fortifications of Lexington; and after they
were captured, they were, of course, dismissed
from the service.
The law authorizes and requires the Secre-
tary of War to allow pay to the officers, non-
commissioned officers, musicians, and privates
who have been heretofore actually employed in
the military service of the United States, whether
mustered into actual service or not, where their
services were accepted. If they were irregularly
mustered into service, that would not give them
any claim for pay under this law; but if, with
the irregular mustering in, the commander of the
department of Missouri accepted their services,
and if they actually did serve under his command,
then they were to be paid. There is no chance of
any one being paid under this law who does not
show, by proper muster-roll and proper certifi-
cate, that he had been not only mustered in,
irregularly though it might be, but that he had
actually performed military service.
As to the amount of the claims, I do not know
how they came to accumulate to so much; but I
am fully satisfied, from the general rush that was
made by men to serve their country at the time
the call was made, that the whole State was alive
with troops. Whether men were mustered into
service regularly or irregularly was n matter
which very few knew anything about. The Sec-
retary of War found it difficult, under these cir-
ctimslances, to ascertain who were entitled to pay.
Finally Congress passed a joint resolution sus-
pending the action of the Secretary of War, and
authorizing the President to appoint commis-
sioners to examine and settle the claims of officers
and men. For some cause, 1 know not what, the
time was limited to six months. The commission
was not organized within that time. The time
lapsed. It then became necessary to pass a sec-
ond resolution. That was passed at last session
of Congress. It directs that after the commission
shall have examined into the question submitted
to them it shall report within sixty days on all
such claims as may be presented by persons
claiming to have been organized or to have per-
formed services according to the provisions of the
act, whereupon (here is the language of the res-
olution) "payment shall be made as recommended
by the said commissioners, and as required by
said act."
plow, will this House refuse to make an appro-
Knation under those circumstances > I have really
eard no gentleman say that he is opposed to
paying these men. But it is objected thaf the
amount is too large. I cannot say anything about
that. The commissioners appointed by the Pres-
ident have examined the matter. The opinion in
Missouri is that they did not allow very many
claims which were just and proper, and which
should have been allowed. But we make no com-
plaint about that. I will vote for that part of the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio which
directs that the money shall not be paid to any-
body except the soldier himself or his wife or
children. I want that in the bill, and care not
how many sharpers it may injure. But there is
another part of that amendment to which I do
object on account of the hardship it would work.
It provides that the money shall not be paid upon
any power of attorney from the party unless it
be signed after the passage of this act. I can cite
a dozen of cases in my own county where the
men entitled to pay under this act are now serving
in distant parts of the country, having left pow-
ers of attorney for the collection of their claims
for the benefit of their wives and families. If the
amendment prevails, it will produce much trouble
in all such cases. I hope, therefore, that that part
of it will be stricken out, and that the joint reso-
lution will be passed.
message from tiie senate.
The committee rose informally, (the Speaker
having resumed the chair,) and a message from
the Senate, by Mr. Forney, its Secretary, noti-
fied the House that the Senate had concurred in
the joint resolution giving the thanks of Congress
to Captain John Rodgers.
MISSOURI HOME GUARDS AGAIN.
The committee resumed its session.
Mr. COX. If that part of my amendment which
the gentleman objects to be stricken out, the Sec-
retary of War will pay to all who present pow-
ers of attorney, no matter whether signed before
or after the passage of this act. It will enable
every one of these sharpers to purchase up these
claims, and to come in and get the money.
Mr. KING. 1 think that itis right, and I will
vote for it. There is an amendment which I wish
that the gentleman would adopt. Itoughtto pro-
vide that where the money is drawn by power of
attorney the person holding the power of attorney
shall make an affidavit, and file it, together with
the power of attorney, with the paymaster, that he
does not draw it for any other than the soldier or
his widow or children who are entitled to it.
Mr. COX. I hope that my distinguished friend
will put that in writing,and move itas an amend-
ment to my amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman ac-
cept it as a modification of his amendment?
Mr. COX. I will wait until I see it in writing.
My only object, Mr. Chairman, is to secure those
officers and soldiets who have served, and their
families, the use of this money. I am informed
by the gentleman from Missouri,since this debate
opened, that a large amount of these claims has
been purchased by persons in St. Louis and else-
where, and that consequently there will be no
benefit to the soldiers.
Mr.ODELL. The statement made by the gen*
tleman from Ohio is an important one, and one
that we ought thoroughly to understand. Now,
is it so, that those claims amounting to $800,000
are in the hands of claims agents? I hope that
we will have an answer to the question.
Mr. BLOW. I understand that the amend-
ment of my collengueis accepted by thegentleman
from Ohio, as a modification of his own. I also
understand that the amendment as modified has
been accepted. If that be so, I move then that the
committee rise and leport the bill.
Mr. COX. I have not yielded the floor to be
cut off in that way. I only yielded the floor for
the purpose of hearing an answer to the question
of the gentleman from New York. J want to
know, with him, whether we are appropriating
this money for the soldiers or for speculators.
Mr. ODELL. I ask the gentleman from Mis-
souri, [Mr. McClurg,] who addressed us at length
on this subject this morning, whether it is true,
as stated by the gentleman from Ohio, that this
appropriation isto pay the claimsagents who have
purchased these claims from the soldiers, or their
widows and children ? It is proper that we should
understand whether this money, which we are
going to vote, is to go into the hands of those who
have bought these claims at fifty or seventy-five
percent, discount, or into the hands of the soldiers
to whom it is due. J t is necessary that the question
should be answered, and that the House should
know.
Mr. McCLURGr. Will the gentleman yield
to me?
Mr. COX. Certainly,
Mr.McCLTJRG. Mr. Chairman, I will cheer-
fully answer the question of the gentleman from
New York as far as I am able. I cannot give a
definite answer so far as figures are concerned.
I know that claims agents have been traveling
through Missouri—that is, as far as it is safe for
them to travel—trying to make the impression
upon the minds of the soldiers who served as home
guards that it would be a long time before an ap-
propriation would be made to pay them for that
service; trying to discourage them, and then to
purchase their claims at a heavy discount. I have
known claims worth forty or fifty dollars to have
been sold for five or ten dollars. 1 can name an
important firm of claims agents in St. Louis who
have been engaged in the purchase of these claims.
I am willing to assume the'responsibihty, as the
question has come up, of naming them. 1 refer to
the firm of Mason & Clements. They are en-
gaged in sending claims agents throughout the
State for that purpose. In the early part of this
month an editorial appeared in the St. Louis Re-
publican, induced, I nave no doubt, by statements
made by that firm, that it would be twelve months
before these claims would be paid. At the same
time they were engaged in buying up those claims.
I cannot say whatamountis in the hands of claims
agents—probably not more than one quarter. It
may amount to one half. I have no data to gov-
ern me.
Mr. BOYD. I represent twenty-seven coun-
ties of the State of Missouri. They are counties
that we are, in part, fighting for to-day. When
home guards came to my office in Springfield,
Missouri, and asked me whether they should sell
their claims, I told them no; that I was a home
guard; that I was a field officer with them when
that infernal rebel flag was raised in the town>
and which we took down. I told them not to sell
their claims, because the Government of the Uni-
ted States had ever been grateful for our service,
and that it would at once pay us the money that
was due to us. I tell you that the claims of the
home guards in my district have not been sold.
I know that exertions have been made by parties
in New York city to buy the home guard claims
of Missouri. I tell you, further, that you have
never seen an assigned claim from my district.
That district has not gone that far to win this
appropriation now asked for. I know that these
claims ought to have been paid twelve months
ago. I know that speculators have tried to pur-
chase the claims of the brave men who have bled
and died for their country, but they have not suc-
ceeded.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I ask the atten-
tion of the gentleman from Ohio to the following
section of law which makes these assignments
void:
ilBc it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of Jlmcnca in Congress assembled, That
aM transfers and assignments hereafter made of any claim
upon the United Slates, or any part or «hare thereof, or in-
terest therein, whether absolute or conditional, and what-
ever may be the consideration therefor, and ail poweis of
attorney,otdeis,or other authorities for receiving payment
of any .such claim, or any part or share thereof, shall be
absolutely null and void, unless the same shall be trecly
made and executed m the presence of at !ea?>t two attest-
ing witnesses, after the allowance of such claim, the as-
certainment of the amount due, and the issuing of a war-
rant for the payment thereof.*'
Mr. COX. I was aware of what the law is in
that regard; and if every soldier out there and
every soldier's widow were a lawyer, there would
be no difficulty at all about stopping the payment
of claims after assignment. But, sir, the soldiers
who may have assigned these claims would never
raise the question; they would rather acquiesce
in the receipt of the money by these claims agents.
Although the assignment is absolutely null and
void, yet I do not think that fact would have any
practical operation to benefit the soldier.
My friend from Wisconsin has drawn up an
amendment in conformity with the suggestion of
the distinguished gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.
King,] and if it meets the approbation of the
House, as I suppose it will, I will accept it as a
part of my amendment, to come in at the end of
my amendment. I ask the Clerk to read it.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Provided further, That any person holding a power of
attorney authoiizing the receipt by him of tlie amount to
be paid any officer or soldier, may, by making and filing an
afiiclavitto the fact that he Uactingin the premisesasagent
without peisonal interest, ami that he will pay over the
amount received, either to the soldier or to his widow or
children, for their benefit, be entitled to receive such
amount.
Mr. HOLMAN, I desire to make a single
suggestion to my friend from Ohio. The report
of these commissioners of course embodies all the
facts upon which they have acted. It is not a
very voluminous document, and'will probably
furnish more information upon the subject than
could be furnished in any other way. I there-
fore ask ray friend from Ohio to call for the read-
ing of that paper.
Mr. COX. I have already occupied the floor
longer than I expected, but 1 sen the necessityof
guarding this bill in order to direct the money to
the right hands. I should be obliged—and I have
no doubt tbe gentlemnu from Missouri would be
