"3088
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 20v.
A joint resolution (No. 91) in relation to the
treaty of 1817—to the Committee on Foreign Re-
lations.
A bill to authorize assimilated rank to be given
to the warrant officers of the United States Navy,
and for other purposes—to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
A joint resolution (No. 95) authorizing the Sec-
retary of the Navy to amend the contract with
John Ericsson for the construction of two impreg-
nable floating batteries, the Dictator and the Pu-
ritan—to the Committee on Naval Affairs
Mr. HALE. I desire to say in connection with
the bills just referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs that by a vote of that committee I am in-
structed to ask the Senate to devote a day this
week to the consideration of naval matters; and I
give notice now that if nothing else interferes I
shall move on Wednesday atone o'clock to pro-
ceed to the consideration of bills relating to the
Navy.
PERFORMANCE OF MILITARY DUTY.
Mr WILSON. I move to take up Senate bill
No. 286,*to prohibit the discharge of persons from
liability to military duty by reason of the pay-
ment of money, and for other purposes.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed consideration of the bill as in Committee
of the Whole.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The pending
question is on an amendment offered.by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts.
Mr. WILSON, I withdraw that amendment.
Mr. BROWN. I wish to offer an amendment
as a new section:
And be it further enacted, That in any draft which may
heioafter take place, all [mlian tribes with whom treaties
have been made by the IJaiied States and who are receiv-
ing annuities fiom the Government shall be requited to
furiuMi their rce.pertivc quota of men ; and that the duties
ol enrollment, or ascertaining theappioximato numbers of
said tribes, }«hall, whenever the same is necessary, be per-
formed by the Judian agents* as part of their appropuate
duty, without further compensation, under instructions
ftum the Provost M.ush.il General. Aiulin the event that
any tribe leeeiving annuities us aforesaid shall refuse or
fail to furnish its required quota, then and m that event
the whole or such part ol their said annuities as the See-
rctnry of tin. tnteuor .shall deem adequate to provide  ub-
fctUutes t-hail bo withheld from the annual payment and
shall be placed in the Tren&ury along with the commuta-
tion fund heretofore paid foi a like pin pose: *ftn<l piovuh-d
fuither, That the fotce thus raised may bo employed by
the Government tor the purpose of maintaining peace and
protecting 1'iom hostile incursion the Indian and oiherTer-
ruoii*^, and of lelieving such troops as aie now engaged
m that duty.
1 do not think the amendment I hove offered
needs any very special comment. It is known to
the Seriate that we arc now paying out large an-
nuities to many of the Indian tribes that are lo-
cated on our border, and that they are just as
capable of furnishing efficient soldiers as any of
the counties of any of the States of the Union. I
go farther and say thatfor the purpose of the ser-
vice in which it is designed to employ them, that
is the special service in the Indian Territory and
the mountain regions, a more efficient corps can
be made from that class of persons than fiom any
otherin the country. We have now scveial thou-
sand soldiers employed in these Territories; I be-
lieve I should not be overstating it if I were to
say ten thousand. These can to a great extent
be ssupplanted by the force which it is here pro-
posed to taise; and from an acquaintance with the
habits of many of these Indian tribes, from a
knowledge which is acquired on the plains and in
the Territories, I feel warranted in saying that
they wiUmakeamoreecooomical,amore efficient,
and a more disposable force than any which we
now have employed in these Territories. That
will give us a substantial increase to our military
force, and I think it will do another thing which
is very important: it will lay the basis m our In-
dian system of disposing of the animosities of
these tubes, so to speak, in a manner beneficial
to the country, Tiiey now employ themselves,
employ all their manhood in hostilities with each
other. There seems to be some excitcmentof the
sort necessary to them; but by diverting it in a
proper channel, by maintaining an efficient sol-
diery among them, by elevating and educating
them militarily, it will lay the basis of a fuither
education which willextend throughoutthe tribes.
I do not think that any reasonable objection can
be made to the amendment. It does not propose
to mciease the expenditures of the Government,
for it devolves this duty of enumeration on the
agents who are perfectly able and competent to
do it. It will give us that additional force with-
out any additional expense; and that we have a
right to make the demand I do not think can be
questioned.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, however ad-
visable it might be to adopt the amendment pro-
posed by the honorable member from Missouri,
if we had the power, or if it consisted at all with
what has been the uniform policy of the Govern-
ment, I shall be obliged to vote against it upon
both of those grounds. The Indian nations as
we found them when the country was colonized,
were independent of the rest of the world and
each independent of all the others. That indi-
vidual independence has never been denied on the
part of the United States except so far as to pro-
hibit their disposingof their lands where they are
situated.within the territorial boundaries of the
United States to anybody else but the United
States. We consider them with that exception
as independent nations. We deal with them as
such by making treaties with them. We have
never attempted to take their lands in any other
way than,by negotiation consummated by treaty.
By the Constitution they are excepted from the
taxing power. Now the honorable member pro-
poses that we shall by our laws provide that they
shall be compelled to render military service to
the United States. Even conceding for argu-
ment's sake that strictly speaking such power
might be found to exist, which I do not think,
yet, as it is wholly inconsistent with the whole
practice and policy of the Government, I submit
to the honorable member and to the Senate whether
it is proper on the part of the United States to
abandon that practice altogether, as would be done
by adopting the amendment suggested by the
honorable member from Missouri.
We have dealt harshly enough, perhaps, with
these remnants of former great nations, and per-
haps it has been owing to that very harshness
that they consist now of but remnants. But while
they are with us our duty, it seems to me, is rather
to come to their aid than to force them by com-
pulsory legislation to come to our aid in a mo-
ment when we ourselves and our institutions are
in danger.
Mr. HALE. There is another objection to
this amendment that strikes me as a very fatal
one; and that is that it is an attempt by an act of
legislation to amend the treaties we have with
these tribes. We are bound by treaty to pay
them certain annuities; it is proposed by this act
of legislation to impose additionaldutieson them,
and m default of their performing the duties which
you impose upon them by this act of legislation
to nullify their treaties. In other words, you
break faith with them, and you take the annuity
which you are bound by treaty to pay them, and
indemnify yourselves by putting into the Treas-
uiy that which we are bound by treaty to pay
them. It seems to me that of itself isa sufficient
answer to the amendment.
Mr. SAULSBURV. Mr. President, notwith-
standing 1 have learned somewhat m history of
the cruelties practiced in civil war, it never oc-
currcd to my imagination that a proposition could
be gravely made in the Senate of the United States
to mioll the savages who roam the forests in the
military service of the country to take part m
this present conflict. There is not a Senator on
this floor whose just indignation even in child-
hood was not aroused when he read of the action
of the British Government in the days of our
Revolution in bringing savages to fight against
the colonists, and no one who has ever read them
can forget the burning wordsofindignation which
fell from the hps of Chatham against the em-
ployment of such soldiers against civilized men.
But, sir, the proposition now is gravely submit-
ted in the Senate of the United States to call into
this war the savage tribes, to let them loose upon
the people of the South. Sir, if those people
had never been united to us; if we had never
lived in political communion with them; if they
were in the scale of civilization and reiinementan
inferior race, this proposition would be abhorrent
and ought to meet with the just condemnation of
not only every humane but of every just man.
Sir, I cannot allow myself to speak in language
suitable to express my thoughts in reference to
this proposition; therefore I forbear further from
characterizing t!.
But, sir, what need have you of the Indians to
fight these battles ? Look at the men whom you
have called into the field since the commencement
of this war, and tell me now, sir, whether you
have not had more men in the field since the com-
mencement of this war than you can possrbly,
under any circumstances, continue in the field.
You have men now in all the adhering States that
are walking up and down the public roads and in
every little country village, at every cross-roads,
with the American uniform on, not employed in
active service of the country; you have men scat-
tered throughout the country who attend to the
business of managing elections, and act as spies
and informers against their neighbors, who drag
off peaceable and quiet citizens from their homes.
I cannot ride three miles from the country village
in which I live that I do notfind them walking up
and down the highways with the United Suites
uniform on; and this day, if you will call those
men who have your uniform on and put them in
the field, bend your energies against the foe m
battle instead of attending to peaceable, quiet cit-
izens at home in States that never raised the
standard of revolt, you will find no necessity for
the additional calls which this bill contemplates.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
must interrupt the Senator to call up the special
order, the hour having arriyed for that purpose.
Mr. CHANDLER. I suppose the special or-
der is the unfinished business ofSaturday.
ThePRESlDENTpro tempore. Yes, sir.
INTER-CONTINENTAL TELEGRAPH.
Mr. CHANDLER. I do not wish to antag-
onize that bill with this, arid I move that it be
postponed until to-morrow at one o'clock, and
that it be made the special order for that hour.
Mr. HALE. I hope there will be no special
orders made at this time of the session; you can
take it up just as well without making it a special
order.
Mr. WADE. A majority can take it up at any
time.
Mr. CHANDLER. Very well, I will simply
move that the further consideration of Senate bill
No. 302 be postponed until to-morrow.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
* Mr. DOOLITTLE. I wish to offbran amend-
ment to the telegraph bill for the purpose of hav-
ing it printed. It is to come in as a new section:
And be it fuither enacted, That the rnte of charges! fnr
public orpiivate messages shall not exceed on saidlnt" the
average usual rates in Europe and Amenta 101 the same
s-oiviee, oi Mich iates as s-hali be aseeitameri and fixed by
a convention between the United States, Russia, and Great
Britain.
The amendment was received, and ordered to be
printed.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. Before the Senator from
Delaware proceeds, I ask him to allow me to
make a report from a committee of conference.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Certainly.
Mr. SHERMAN submitted the following re-
port:
The committee of conference on the disagiecfng votps of
the two llout-es on the amendments to the bill (U. R. No.
192) making appropnauond for the legislative, exeemive,
and judicial expends of the Government tor "ie year end-
ing June 30, 18uo, and tor other puipo->es, havt g met,after
full and liee eontetenee have agioed to recommend and do
leeommend to their respective House* as follows:
That the Senate recede Irom their ninth ami niuctv-
fonrth amendment.
That the Senate recede from their disagreement to the
amendment of the Hot^e to the twenty-tilth amendment
of the Senate, and agiee to tue same.
That the donate iece,ie nom th"ir di?agieenu;iu to the
amendment of the Hou*e to the thuty-tourth amendment
of the Senate, and agtee to the same.
That the Senate recede horn their disagreement to the
amendment of the House to the ninetieth amendment of the
Senate, and agree to the same.
Tiiat the Senate agree to the amendments recommended
by the report of the pieviou^ conn-miee committee to the
ninety-filth amendment ol the Senate, agreed to by the
House.
That the Senate agree to the amendments of the House
to the ninety-sixth amendment of the Senate an modified
by the recommendation of the pievious committee of con-
ference, and agreed to by the House.
JOHN SHCRMAN,
GARRETT DAVIS,
Managns on the part of tkc Serrate.
GEORGE H PENDLETON,
WILLIAM WIA'DOM,
ORLANDO KELLOGG,
Managers on tne pat t oj the House.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not know that any
explanation is necessary, a* the mopt of the con-
