186B.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
obliged—for any suggestions from any quarter
looking to the accomplishmentof that purpose. I
will now yield the floor to the gentleman from
Missouri over the way, [Mr. Blow,] asking that
at the proper time the report shall be read.
Mr. BLOW. I move that the committee rise
and report the bill to the House.
The CHAIRMAN. That motion is not in
order while there are amendments pending.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would in-
quire if the amendment of the gentleman from
Ohio is still pending?
Mr. COX. It is. I have not withdrawn it.
I accepted a modification of it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Well, I pre-
sume it is not desired to debate it any more, and
I hope we shall take the vote; and then, whether
it shall be voted down or adopted, let the com-
mittee rise and report the bill to the House.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise forthepurpose of call-
ing for the reading of the report of the commis-
sioners. It is not voluminous, and that is the
only way of obtaining the necessary information.
If it had been read when the bill was first taken
up, we should have understood the matter much
better.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope that
the gentleman from Indiana will not consume the
time of the committee by having the whole of
that report read. I move that the committee rise.
The CHAIRMAN. Does thegentleman from
Indiana yield the floor for that purpose ?
Mr. HOLMAN. No, sir; not at this time.
Mr. HARDING. Will the gentleman from
Indiana yield to me for a few moments?
Mr. HOLMAN. I will.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object to
the floor being yielded.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then I ask that the report
be read.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from In-
diana is entitled to the floor, and has a right to
have it read as a pait of his remarks.
The Cleik proceeded to read the report.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. I move to
dispense with the reading of the report. It is a
useless consumption of time. No one can hear it.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from In-
diana has a right to have it read as a part of his
speech.
Mr. HOLMAN. If gentlemen desire to take
the responsibility of appropriating §700,000 with-
out any consideration of the paper on which the
appropriation is founded, I am not inclined to be
captious. I should like to know what we are
voting on; but inasmuch as there seems to be so
much noise in the Hall as to render it impossible
to understand the reading of the report, I with-
draw the request.
Mr. HARDING. Mr. Chairman, while it may
be wholly unavailing, yet I desire to call the atten-
tion of the committee to the fact that Kentucky
stands precisely in the same situation as Missouri
in regard to these claims. There are quite a num-
ber of men in the State of Kentucky who have
precisely the same claims, resting upon the same
basis, as those of the Missouri home guards.
They were called into the service as home guards.
Many of these men rendered very arduous ser-
vices. Some of them were wounded, some killed,
without their having been regularly mustered into
the service of the United States. Their claims
stand precisely on the same ground as, and even
call louder for relief than, the claims of the men
who served under like circumstances in the depart-
ment of Missouii. I tlunk it improper, therefore,
to proceed with this sort of partial and discrimin-
ating legislation. It is partial. It discriminates
in favor of the soldiers of Missouri and against
those of Kentucky. It is unjust in that respect.
I think, Mr. Chairman, that this whole subject
ought to be referred to the proper committee, the
Committee of Ways and Means, with instruc-
tions to report a bill extending the provisions <)f
this law to the State ofKentucky. I know, my-
self, numerous cases where men fell or were
wounded in the service without their having been
regularly mustered in. The exigencies of the
circumstances were such that imperfect com-
panies, not completed or organized, were hurried
into the United States service. Many men of those
companies were killed in battle, and others wound-
ed or disabled for life.
Mr. ASHLEY. I rise to a question of order.
The gentleman from Kentucky is not speaking to
the question before the committee at all. This
matter of the Missouri home guard has been re-
ferred to a commission, which has reported upon
it; but no such commission has been sent to Ken-
tucky.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the ques-
tion of order well taken. The debate must be con-
fined to the bill before the committee.
Mr. HARDING. I am confining my remarks
to that. I say this appropriation ought not to be
made. I oppose the appropriation. And I op-
pose it for the reason that it is partial and unjust
discrimination against a class of men in Kentucky
who have as high claims upon the Governmentas
the same class in Missouri. I intend, at the proper
time, to move to refer the whole subject to the
Committee of Ways and Means, with instructions
to report a bill extending the provisions of the
law to Kentucky.
Mr. FENTON. I desire to remark to thegen-
tleman from Kentucky, that I have just learned
that the Senate has, within the last few minutes,
amended the deficiency bill, so as to pay the troops
who were irregularly mustered into service in Ken-
tucky, covering the position for which the gen-
tleman contends.
Mr. HARDING. If that be so, then theaction
of this House ought to correspond with the action
of the Senate, and the whole matter ought to be
suspended until equal justice can be done to the
citizens of Kentucky and the citizens of Missouri.
If I properly understood one of the gentlemen
who spoke on this subject yesterday, the sum of
$100,000 has been already paid to these soldiers
m Missouri, whereas not a dime has been paid to
any man similarly situated in Kentucky.
I desire also to state that when this matter was
originally moved last Congress, I had a confer-
ence with the gentleman from Missouri who in-
troduced it. I told him that it was unjust and
impartial in excluding Kentucky; and he prom-
ised me that he would himselfintroduce an amend-
ment extending iis provisions to Kentucky. If
the Senate is about to remedy this thing, let our
action wait upon and conform to the action of the
Senate. The thing is right in itself, but to dis-
criminate between soldiers in Missouri and sol-
diers in Kentucky—paying the claims of the
former and rejecting those of the latter—is abso-
lutely unjust. There is no fear of claim agents
operating with these men in Kentucky. The
claims of these men have not even been recog-
nized as existing claims. Equal justice should
be done the soldiers of Kentucky and of Mis-
souri. Both ought to be paid, or neither ought
to be paid.
Mr. BLOW. I move that the committee do
now rise.
Mr. HARDING. I desire to submit the mo-
tion I have indicated—that the matter be referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means, with in-
structions to amend the law so as to makcitinclude
Kentucky.
The CHAIRMAN. That motion is not in
order at this time.
Mr. COX. What will become of my amend-
ment if the committee rise?
The CHAIRMAN. The bill still remains in
Committee of the Wholeon thestateofthe Union.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speakerhaving
tesumed the chair, Mr. Lovejoy reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had had under consideration the Union
generally, and particularly House bill No; 35, to
provide for the deficiency in the appropriation for
the pay of officers and men actually employed in
the Western department, or department of Mis-
souri, and had come to no conclusion thereon.
Mr. HARDING. I now submit my motion
to refer with instructions.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not in order,
the bill being still in Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
all further debate on the bill and pendingamend-
ments be closed in one minute after the commit-
tee shall have resumed their consideration.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I now move
that the rules be suspended, and that the House
resolve itselfinto the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
The motion \vas agreed to.
So the rules were suspended, and the House
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Lovejoy in the
chair,) and resumed the consideration of House
bill No. 35, to provide for the deficiency in the
appropriation for the pay of officers and men
actually employed in the Western department,
or department of Missouri; the question being
on Mr. Cox's amendment.
Mr. Cox's amendment was aCfbpted.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved that
the bill and amendment be reported to the House,
with the recommendation that they do pass.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speakerhaving
resumed the chair, Mr. Lovejoy reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly a
bill to provide for the deficiency in the appropri-
ation for the pay of officers and men actually em-
ployed in the Western department, or department
of Missouri, and had directed him to report the
same back with an amendment, in which he was
directed to ask the concurrence of the House.
Mr. BLOW demanded the previous question
on the amendment.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and, under the operation
thereof", the amendment was concurred in.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and, being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time and
passed.
Mr. BLOW moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MILITARY ACADEMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and the House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, to
take up one of the appropriation bills.
The motion was agreed to.
So the House resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Lovejoy m the chnir.)
The CHAIRMAN stated the first business in
order to be the President's annual message.
Mr. STEVENS moved that that be laid aside,
and the committee take up the Military Academy
appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the committee
proceeded to the consideration of House bill No.
34, making appropriations for the support of the
Military Academy for the year ending June 30,
1865.
The bill was read a first time for information,
and then by paragraphs for amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to amend the bill by
striking out these words:
For warming apparatus for academic and other build-
ings, $-22,830.
And in lieu thereof to insert:
For warming barracks, {$15,000.
The estimates sent to the Committee of Ways
and Means contained the amount of the piinted
bill, but on examination by the officers connected
with that Academy, General Totten and others,
it was deemed sufficient to appropriate $15,000
for warming the barracks, the other buildings
being allowed to stand as they were. For that
reason the Committee of Ways and Means have
reported in favor of reducing the amount. As it
is a reduction, I suppose that there will be no
objection to it.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Chairman, being in
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, I rise, not for the purpose of discussing
the amendment offered by the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, or to go into
any general inquiry of the merits of the bill, but
I desire to say, and I put it in this form that it
may be brought to the notice of the House, that
when this bill shall be reported back to the House,
I hope that it will not lie put oil its passage un-
der the previous question. If that be not done,
I will move that it be referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs. I intend to make that mo-
tion for this reason: the Committee on Military
