Tilii OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN 0. HIVES. WASHING-TON, D. .0.1
tnitity-rigirni Cokgiie*?, 1st Sessio.v.
TUESDAY, JUNE 21, 1864.
• New Series NO.-194.
trovcrt<d ami;r,(lmoils were disposed of by the j
first report of the committee of conference; but j
I will state the result of the second report, which
will close the difference between the two Houses.
The Senate recede from* the amendment providing
for an additional publication in newspapers in the
border States of the laws of the United States.
The Senate also recede from the amendment in-
creasing the salary of the Treasurer of the Uni-
ted States. Tiie Senate agree to the increase of
temporary clerks in the Treasury Department,
and also to a slight increase of the contmgentex-
petisesof the Fifth Auditor'soflice. The Senate
also agree to the increase of twenty per cent, in the
compensation of the smaller grades of employes
in the Departments, and the increase of the pay
of watchmen and messengers. The Senate also
agiee to certain amendments of the House of
Representatives providing for additional clerks in
various Departments of the Government. The
House of Representatives have receded from
nearly all their disagreements to ourother amend-
ments.
The report was concurred in.
PJSItFOKMANCJS OF .MILITARY DUTY.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the confederation of the bill (S. No. 286)
to prohibit the discharge of persons ft om liability
to military duty by reason of the payment of
money and for other purposes, the pending ques-
tion being on the amendment of Mr. Brown*.
Mr. SAULSBURY. 1 did not know that this
subject was coming up for consideration to-day.
When I was interrupted I was remarking that if
those mti usted with the management of our mil-
itary affairs would only call the men from places
wh«-rc the soldiers they already have are of no
earthly use, and put them in the field against the
foe, there certainly could be no necessity what-
ever for calling for more men, and least of oil
would there be any necessity for calling upon the
savage tribes to take part in this contest. But,
sir, the statement may perhaps be questioned that
there are a great many soldiers thus unemployed.
Why, sir, on my way to this cily on the same
tram of cars, in my own State, there were four
hundred soldiers lu the uniform of the United
States, who had been down in the lower pait of
Delawaie and in the lower counties of the East-
ern Shore of Maryland on a great military raid-
attending to the elections there ! There was a foe
m the field down South who had arms in their
hands, where they could have been legitimately
and properly employ*^- There wete peaceful,
quia citizens in the Slate of Delaware and on the
Eastern Shore of Maryland, with no arms in
their hands, presuming to approach the polls to
cast their votes for tho'se who were to make the
laws of their States under which they were to live,
and these soldieis, under the direction of their
supei ior officers, instead of being sent to the front
to meet armed foes, were sent to the elections u>
keep peaceable citizens from voting Now, sir,
before any white men even are called into the
fold more" than those we have, much more before
the aid of savage tribes is to be invoked, I cab
upon this Administration to biing to the seat of
war the men whom they send into peaceful, quiet
States to molest peaceful, quiet citizens, and to
put them in the fields of banle, and see when they
o-et them there whether they will not have enough
men to meet General Lee and General Johnston.
Su , had tins Administration placed in the field the
men whom they keep in the adhering States for
the purpose of influencing elections and harass-
in^ quiet, neaeeable citizens simply because they
differ from'tins Admmistiation m party associa-
te), and had it united these men with those ai-
ii'udy m the field, do you believe, sir, does tup
country believe, do.-* any sane man in the coun-
try believe, that there would have been any ne-
cessity for cabmu for another man5 No, sir,
there is no necessity fortius double wai upon an
aimed foe in the field and upon peaceful citizens
ut home. , ,,
P,ut, sir, there is no earthly use I Of these snv-
194
age tribes in another aspect of the ease. How
many men do you suppose you have called into
the field, and how many men have worn your
uniform since the commencement of this unfor-
tunate war? At least two million five hundred
thousand; at least one in ten of your entire popu-
lation; and yet you are not only calling for more
men, citizens, but you are calling upon the sav-
age tribes. Am 1 mistaken, sir, in this estimate?
My attention this morning was called to a well-
digested and most admirably written editorial in
the National Intelligencer where this subject is
treated of; and 1 will here take occasion to say
that it is refreshing in these times to sec one pub-
he journal at least maintaining the character and
dignity which becomes a public journal, not to
reflect upon other journals, however. I am in-
debted to some extent to that paper for the figures
which I now present to the Senate. According
to the report of Mr. Cameron under the call for
75,000 men first made, theie were 77.875 received,
in July, 1861, at the extra session, 500,000 volun-
teers were called for. On the 1st of July, 1862,
300,000 volunteers were called out. In August,
1862, of nine months' militia there were 300,000
men called for. On the 15th of June, 1863, the
time when Lee was about invading Pennsylva-
nia, 100,000 militia weie called out and the num- j
ber was aftet wards increased to 1:30,000. In
July, JSG3, thoie was a draft for 300,000 men.
Since October 17, 1863, according to the speech
of the honoiable 'diairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs, 700,000 men have been received.
i have been informed that there are some 200,000
bundled days'men in addition to alltluse, and I
have seen in the papers that there are about
150,000 negroes. In the whole, not including
your home guards which were caUed out in s< v-
eral States, you have a total of 2,647,875 men.^
Now, sir, throw away, if yon please, 300,000 of
these, because J understand that one or two of
these diafts were not completed, but I presume
the deficiency would not be more than 300,000,
and you would have over 2,.300,000 men who
have been called into the service since the com-
mencement of this war. The highest estimate of
your population in theadheiing States would be
not more than 23.tJUO.OOO; and thus you would
have one in evciy ten of the inhabitants of the
adhering States who have been called into the
public serv.ee either for a longer or shor ter pel tod
during this war. i do not pretend to say that all
these'men are now in the public service, hi'caiwe
the tune of many of them has expired, the nine
months' men, the militia which were raHul out
for temporary emergencies; and J presume, al-
though! am not familiar with the fact—this is
simply assumption from the figures aln ady stated
  that we must have some 1,200,000 men ^now
with the uniform of the United States on sunject
to nnliiaiy duty. If that be so, or even if we
only have a million, is that not sufficient to put
down any iebe!bon in this country which can be
put down? if a million of armed men cannot
suppress the existing revolt, then, sir, in my
judgment, it is of suc.h gigantic proportions and
presents such a power of resistance^thiUyou can-
not put it down at alL In Alison's History of
Modern Europe, speaking of the French con-
sciiption, the following passage occurs:
  With io: pee!, to tac military and naval re.-ouice& of tire
empire 1'ie report contained inloiinalioii iLat '"ou.d more
implicit!} !>., I oiled on. The population m the Fieuch cm-
nue, augmented in it now wn>- bv Hehrium, Holland, tue
Uati.-e Town.-*, and Iloman States, amounted to foity-two
million, ol' winch tweutv-iMght million Mjven hundred
thousand hHormed to Old France Xnr were the njihraty
and naval i('M)inee> of the empire on a -f ai" inferior tonic
numerical amount of in inhabu.U'N: on tin- contrary, mey
gu.alh cu-.ded ihcui. TneimwMt contained were tarce
I million and a hall, am! consu'ii-'d a? muni io.ul a- thnty
i million people. Tin; army numlvre.i, m all* eiuht ianr-
, died thousand mt.oitiy, a handled tliotr-and ea\airy, and a
' hundred liiou-and tutrllerjmon amlcnjjinoe}*; m al!,amii-
| In>n men in arm; a force, it' the quality a-5 u ell a-, number
!! of tiie combatants, ami their admirable -fate of equipment,
> I Pic taken mil' coriMderalion.tni|).xiaiU-it d jr. any ag"
or country of Hie woild Hut n wih altogether di.-pi opor-
uoned to ilia le&omces. va t as tlrey were, of the Suite •'
lesson. It certainly is not wise, as all history
proves, for any Government to keep aa army m
the "field disproportioned to the resources oi* the
State, because when the resources of the State foil
the support of the army fails.
" But it was altogether disproportioned to the resource*,
vn<t as they were, or* the State*; [t was more than doable
of that which Rpme, at its highest point of elevation,
maintained out of three tunes the number of inhabit-
ants; and larger than China suppoits out of a territory ten
times, and a population* according to the lowest estanvtte,
four times as* large as those of the French empiie. tn a
word, it Implied the peimanent absorption of one in forty
of tin; whole population in the profession of arm?; whereas
it lias never been found, by expeiience, that an empire,
how powerful soever, can lor any length ot time flourish
with more than one in a hundred errgag* din such purdinta."
Sir, if such be the lesson of history,and if it be
true, as this learned historian suggests,"that the
calling of one in forty of the populntion'of France
into the field under Napoleon was such a strain
upon the resources of his Government as finally
led to disaster and defeat, it is time for those who
have the management of military affairs in this
country, certainly time for the Congress of the
United States, to learn the lesson which it teaches,
and see whether they can call into the field one
tenth of the inhabitants. I am not saying they
have one tenth of the inhabitants in the field now;
but 1 presume they have at least one twentieth,
which is twice as many in proportion us Napo-
leon had during his campaigns. Theie is a very
instructive note appended to the extract which I
have quoted:
"Rome, in the time of Augustus, with a population of
one hundred and twentv million, had an away of foui bun-
dled and fittv thousand; Itu-i-m at present, with Mxiy mil-
lion, has «even hundred and ten thousand maims; China,
with one hundred and seventy million, hasa nominal force
of mm; hundred and fourteen thousand; hut more than
half of this immense body are mere militia like the Pnis-
?.i;tn lamiwehr, who are only occasionally embodied, nnd
are not permanently withdrawn from the Jabois of agricul-
ture."
It was not my intention, however, Mr. Presi-
dent^ when 1 rose, to be led into this statistical
statement, as 1 intended when the bill should be
on its final passage to submit same remarks.
My object in rising was to protest against the
amendment offered by the honorable Senator fiom
Missouri to call the Indians into the public ser-
vice. Sir, we should not let our passions over-
come our judgment; we should not forget, if we
are engaged in war, and in a civil war, that we
are bound by the great laws of humanity and
civilization. We should not forget, how< ver just
our indignation, however exeited our1 feelings at
the attempt to dissolve the Federal Union, that
we cannot transgress die great laws of morality
i and the great principles of humanity with impu-
I mty. Call into the fi'dd these savage tubes, and
j what would be the judgment of the civilized
i world ? That we who boast of oursuperior civtl-
! jzation,and rejoice that we were notonly among
' the first, but perhaps in our vanity that we were
the very fust among the nations of the earth in
the scale of cizibzed and Christian refinement—
that we have fallen from our boasted high estate,
and have placed ourselves upon a fooling with
the English nation m the last century who at-
tempted to set loose upon ourfathers the savages
of tire West. Sir, I protest for one against a
policy which must bring down upon us the indig-
nant judgment of fhe whole civilized world. 1
know, sir,and you know the burning indignation
which fired our breasts m childhood when we
read that such a thing was not only attempted
1 but executed against our fathers. Sir, the feel-
! intra of childhood were honest-, the feelings of
! childhood were sincere. Let us cling to their
i purity, not corrupt them by the barbarism which
1 would prompuheinvitauonof savages to the field,
1 Mr. BR.OWN. Mr. President, I do not pro-
! pose to follow the Senator fiom Delaware in the
line of remark which lie has seen fit to indulge,
for m v object to-day is solely to expedite busi-
ness, to carry forward and perfect, if possible,
' the bill under consideration, and not to indulge in
general debate. Let me say, however, that i was
ji not prepared to see the amendment which I have
1 I M 1 . 11     1 ft • ***.>% ita
And here, sir, we may gam
a very profitable ii offered totally misrepresented in its language, its
