3090
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 20,
character, and its intent. I had supposed that
the known charity and courtesy of that Senator
would have precluded him from such a style of
debate. However, sir, he has seen proper to show
his sympathies as exclusively excited in behalf
of our public enemies, and it is in their behalf that
he protests against this use of an arm that may
be rendered an efficient one for military purposes.
There is perhaps no reason for any surprise in
the premises. I have never heard anything fall
from the honorable Senator denouncing the atro-
cities that have been perpetrated against us by
those who are now waging war; I have never
heard the first syllable fall from him on that sub-
ject; and yet when he puts a hypothetical case
where our enemies are to suffer what he denom-
inates a savage tribe may be employed to do, he
gushes forth into sympathy that is beyond com-
pare.
1 desire to call the attention of Senators to the
fact that we have already had an exhibition of
the use of Indian troops in this war on both sides.
There are now employed on ihe side of the Uni-
ted States Indian troops, and there are employed
on the side of the confederate States I ndian troops;
and if it were necessary to carry this war into the
savagery that the gentleman speaks of it cer-
tainly might be justified by the attocitics which
have been perpetrated against us. Let me call
the attention of the Senator to the latest instance
of those in whose behalf his sympathy is ex-
pended; it is an extiact taken from a paper pub-
lished in my own State, which I have this morn-
ing received, and which boars directly on the
point suggested:
"The following particulars of the butchery of tlmteen
snkliets of tin: fur>t Ahssoctil Suite militia lias been lut-
liishud ik by a (Tovernment employu, who iu rived 1'iom
JohijMMt county on Tuesday night.
"On Sunday, Jums 12, toui leen men of company M,firft
MK'oun State militia, left Warrcn>l>uig on «i routing ex-
pedition to Iloldeti. When near the latter place they wcro
met by three ol Q,nantre[' i men, dressed iu Federal uutlorm
and wealing white nhhon* in their hats in mutation of the
militia They ordered our men to advance, and in doiugho
tlx? party wa-. Mutouiided by eighty men and immiered in
the mo-t ei'ili'l manner, only one of them escaping. The
ev< -> "i ota men wwo toiu limn then M)cket> and their
thjoaN cut Until ear to eai. UuantielN head qua tier*, ate
on the Hni iivei, not lai 1'iom tin; Misj-ouii. Our lnluim-
ant .-;ty*i that in JohiiMm, Lala>ette, Clay, Jackson, and
Platte counties it is dangerous lor a Union man to travel
without a f-ttonji escoit."
Mr. WILSON. I will ask the Senator who
committed these atrocities; what class of men?
Mr. 1U10WN. .Confederate troops; the pub-
lic enemy whom some are so fearful Indian troops
may he employed against and may commit some
atrocity. ! will leave that extract to answer all
the Senator lias said on the subject of the savagery
that it is proposed to introduce into this wm\ it
is pet haps needless to add that I do not approve of
any savagery or contemplate that any such will
result from the amendment offered.
Hut to come directly to the point, I said that
the Senator has misrepresented the character of
the amendment which has been proposed. As it
stands it, is a proposition to organize in the Indian
Territory an Indian force for service there to main-
tain the peace and order of that Territory. Is
it assumed that we shall not be pel nutted to or-
ganize tin Indian force to repel atrocities like those
o( the Sioux Indians that desolated our whole
frontier, and that we bhali be accused of being a
savage nation if we employ Indians to repel hos-
tilities of that kind, and to maintain order along
our settled Iron tiers as against depredations of that
kind ? Wtl! the Senator insist that instead of avail-
ing ourselves of that winch is the most effective
at in of military service in the Indian country, oi-
ganized Indian troops, we shall draft citizens from
Delaware and other States and carry them there
/or that purpose, where they can not com pete with
the troops proposed, and where regular forces
have never been able to suppress these kinds of
hostilities? That is the attitude in which the ques-
tion presents itself, and that is the attitude in which
the Senator would have discussed it if he had ad-
dressed his aigument to the proposition which is
presented and not carried himself off into a tirade
against imaginary barbarities against rebels in
ai ms.
Now, I desire to say that so far as my own
experience goes the employment of Indians for
service on the frontiers and in the Territories is
f«r more efficacious than any other class of troops
that can be found. Among the tribes (hat aie
drawing annuities from us, Ihe Delawares, the
Shawnees, the Potlawatomies, all the tribes that
are located in Kansas and Nebraska and along
the Missouri river, furnish the best hunters, fur-
nish the best woodsmen, furnish the best uders
and scouts on the continent, and they can be made
certainly efficacious for the purposes of keeping
the peace in their own and adjacent countiies.
It was for the purpose of organizing such a force
to be employed in such quaiters that the amend-
ment has been offered, and not for the purpose of
an indiscriminate employment in other fields of
service.
1 am prepared, Mr. President,for my own pait
to take all the odium that may be visited upon me
for the employment of such troops anywheie, at
any time, for I believe that, so far from being
.what the Senator has represented, they will make
as good troops as any in the service. They may
not endure the hardships thatsomeothersendure,
they may not have the kind of courage that some
others possess, but for certain purposes of war-
fare, and that the kind especially demanded in
the western Territories, they will make better
troops than any other that I have ever seen in
the service of the United States.
I differ, Mr. President, from the view which
has been presented by the Senator from Mary-
land in regard to the right of the Government to
call upon these persons, who are drawing sub-
sidies from us, for military service. I believe that
it is in the power and that it is the right of this
Government to call upon every man within its
borders, unless perhaps it be subjects of foreign
Governments, to come forward and give military
support to the nation in the hour of its peril. 1
do not believe that the recognition of the Indian
right to the soil, and the payment of treaty stip-
ulations to support them in idleness, necessarily
involve a relinquishment of that right to personal
service from them in time of war; nor do I rec-
ognize as correct that position which the Senator
gives to ihem of independent tribes with whom
we con only deal by tieaty, and to whom we j
are bound as we would be to a foreign nation. I j
j have never recognized that as the atttiude of the j
Indian tribes, and I do not believe the Govern-
ment has ever recognized it. As to the right of
the Government to enforce this personal service
I assume that if it be that the Government can
enforce personal scrvice as ugamst a citizen of
Maryland, and require him in default of per-
sonal service to pay so much as a commutation,
then the same rule will apply to the Indian in
Kansas, and the Government is justified m rais-
ing that commutation and procuring it from the
only source fnnn which it is possible to procure
it, their annuities. 11 becomes m so far the right
| and the title of the Government to exact it, and
i they can do so by the mode best known to them,
I which is the one pointed out in the amendment.
I I do not desire to press this question upon the
[Senate; I have simply moved the amendment,
because I am solicitous that we shall have nil the
assistance that we can and render disposable all
the troops within reach. I am anxious that the
western country shall be protected as far as pos-
sible fiom the incursions of hostile Indian bands,
the wild tiibes of the plains with whom we have
| no treaty stipulations, to whom we give no an-
| nuities or anything of the kind, and who make
1 wai for the puiposo of forcing us to give them
[ annuities; and if 1 can contiibute in this manner i
i to strengthen the arm of the Government to relieve i
[ a large number of troops who aie now there, and i
j who may be needed and better employed else- !
when1, and inaugurate a better method of disci- :
phne it. our Indian service, I shall have done what I
was desired m the premises. j
Mr. SAULSBUitY. I was not aware, when [
I submitted the few remaiksl did, that 1 had said I
anything discourteous to the honorable Senator I
from Missouri; that I had said anything to which j
he could take any peisonal exception. It is not !
my habit. When I wish to do that I know a '
way to do it, not by indilection but directly; and J
I shall never avail myself of the privihges of the j
Senate Chamber to indulge m discourtesy to any j
member of the body. There is nothing more dis- '
tasteful to me than a course of that character; but ,
some kind friend has blessed the honoiablc Sen- !
ator with a great deal of light. He must have j
"optics sharp, I ween." He not only can see !
what is transpiring around, bin he can judge of j
sympathies; and he talks about my speaking in
behalf of those for whom I have sympathy. Sir,
I spoke in behalf of humanity and in the cause
of civilization, and I have sympathy with their
progress. I will take this occasion, Mr. Ptesi-
dent, once for all, to say that this common mode of
meeting an argument by an imputation is a thing
which, in my estimation, is too little for'me to
take any notice of. It is a kind of debate in
which i have never engaged m all my life, and
which I never expect to engage in so long as I
have the presumption to think that I can meet
aigument with atgument, and reasoning with
reasoning; and never, sir, until I shall have so
far lost my own self-iespect as to be unworthy
of joining in fair debate. Now, Mr. President,
I say no more on that subject.
The honorable Senator says that I did notstate
correctly, or, to use his own courteous expres-
sion, that 1 misiepresented his amendment. I
gathered my impression from the amendment as
I heard it read from the desk. The honorable
Senator says now that it was intended to be con-
fined exclusively to operations in the Indian coun-
try. I do not know whether lie meant to say
exclusively against the Indians or not. Mr. Pres-
ident,get these Indiansintothc regular organized
service of the United States, and do you suppose
they will be confined exclusively to the Indian
Territory? I understand that the'one hundred
days' men were called out under the impression
that they were to serve to defend the frontiers of
their own States from invasion, and yet we see
them marching to the front. I do not complain
of this. It is none of my business. The coun-
try needs them, and if they are liable to go as
soldiers they should go, and as good soldiers
they ought to go. Once have these Indians sworn
into the regular scrvice, and what power is there
to restrain the Commander-in-Chief from trans-
ferring them from the Indian country to any point
whcie in his judgment their services may be
needed ?
But, sir, it is said, and I have heard it frequently
before, that there are great atrocities committed
on the part of those in revolt. I have no doubt
of it. No man condemns them more than I do.
I have no doubt there are gn at atrocities com-
mitted also on the part of the Fedeial soldiery. I
approve of one just as much as I do of the other.
I approve of neither. But wherever either fide
violates those great and high principles of hon-
orable warfare which should rharactei izecivili7ed
men, they meet with my just disapprobation. It
is no answer to an aigument against the perpe-
tiation of atrocity to suy that atrocities are com-
mitted on the other side. Do right; conduct your
war, if you must conduct it, upon those high and
elevated principles which govern modem warfare
and which are recognized m the laws of modern
waifaie by all civilized and Christian nations. If
you do that you will maintain your own pelf-
respect; and let me tell you iftheie is a just God
in heaven whose laws are immutable, the trans-
gression of whose laws cannot take place with
impunity, you will be more successful than you
will by an attempt to achieve your object by the
violation of those laws.
Mr. DOOL.ITTLE. The Senator from Dela-
ware, it seems to me, could not have listened to
the language of this amendment pioposcd by the
Senater from Missouri, for the provision is that
the Indian force thus laised " may be employed
by the Government for the purpose of maintain-
ing peace ond protecting from hostile incursions
the Indian and other Territories, and of relieving
such troops as are now engaged in that duty.'5
If any ambiguity may grow out of the employment
of the word " may," it may easily be amended
and the word u shall" substituted, although I
understand the whole force of the section to be
precisely the same on the War Department in lim-
iting its power in the employment of this force
whether the word may " or " shall" is used, be-
cause it authouzes the raising of the troops on
condition; and what is that condition ? That t't< y
may be employed to keep the peace and pu-vt «,t
incursions in the Indian Teriifory or the other
Terutories.
Now, Mr. President, what are the facts? In
the Indian Temtory, before this war began, the
Indian tribes were at peace. The rebels, thiough
the instrumentality of their troops and their em-
issaries, prevailed on the Chootaws, some of the
