1138
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment. will be reported.
The Secretary. Iiisproposcd,aftcrUic name
of " B. B. French," to strike out " K. T;" af-
ter the name of " Robert McMui'dy," to strike
out" R. A.;" after that of "George C. Whit-
ing," to strike out " S. P. R S., thirty-second
degree,A. A. R.;" after the name of " Z. D. Gd-
man," to strike out " K. T.;" after the name of
" VV. P. Parteilo," to strike out " U. D. K. T.;"
after the name of" W. M. Smith," to strike out
" R. A';" after the name of " G. W. Parkhurst,"
to strike out " R.-A,;" and after tlie name of
"James Steelle," to strike out " R. A."
Mr. CONNESS. I do not know how vital it
is to those parties to have these appendages; but
1 suggest to the Senator from Vermont that he
would not like himself to be stripped of append-
ages that might properly belong to him. He
might ctft a very curious figure He had better
consider well before he insists on this amend-
ment.
1 rose, however, rather to make a suggestion
than to comment on the extraordinary motion of
my friend from Vermont, for it is perhaps ex-
traordinary in its consequences. I make the sug-
gestion to the author of the bill, the Senator from
Iowa, that instead of introducing and passing by
Congress a special act of mem poration of tins
kind, he should introduce a general law for the
incorporation of benevolent societies within the
District of Columbia, under which all those so-
cieties may organize and have corporate rights.
It is very easy to do that. In my State we Slave
a general incorporation law under which per-
sons who see fit under the provisions of the act
may acquire corporate rights as if they were
specially incorpoiated by an actol the Legislature,
it appears to me that that would be the proper
way to reach this business, and avoid the conse-
quences of amendments such as arc now pending
moved by my friend from Vermont. 1 do not
know whether 1 could conscientiously vote for
the amendment that lie proposes, certainly not
unless he explains it further than he has done.
I am really in quest of information.
Mr. COLLAMER. In making a grant to A,
B, C, and D, as corporators, we never use any
titles in describing those men. It may be some-
times appropriate to mention their places of resi-
dence, in order to make cei tain their identity, but
not to use a title unless there is something official
about it. There may be a grant to A, 1!, Sec-
retary of State; that is a title known in law; hut
I would not put in "esquire," or "genera!," or
any of that sort of titles to any man in granting
. an act of incorporation.
Mr.GRIMES. As it is time to he serious about
this bill, 1 will state frankly to the Senate that i n the
first place I did not draw it and 1 am not a Mason,
although 1 proposed, in answer to the suggestion
of the Senator fiom Maine, that if he would move
to go into executive session 1 would attempt to
explain what these initials aie. But tins bill was
drawn up by gentlemen who arc mom bora of tins
association, and they desire it to be passed for the
purpose for which 1 have stated. 1 understand
that these initials designate some pai ticular officer
ill each one of these lodges, as, for instance, the
master of a lodge, or some other mail who has
reached a particular point, who is the representa-
tive m)iu of the lodge, or the consistory, or en-
campment, or whatever it may be; and the pur-
pose of u.;iiig these names is that whenever the
lodge itself shall change its officer and substitute
anew man, thin) them-in who holds thatparticular
position in the lodge shall be the officer who shall
lie one of the trustees under this bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Iowa
will allow me to suggest that that is the ury point;
would that be the legal elli ct of it? Whore you
incorporate persons, Jj. K. French, Robert Mc-
Mui'dy, and others, and then go on to give them
a title, is not the corporation simply tnose per-
sons named, and would the grant extend to an-
other poison who had that title attached to him?
It is not the title that you incorporate, is it? I
submit to the Senator fiom Iowa whether that
is so? Whether the legal ellect would not be pre-
cisely the same if all these wotds were i< ft out?
Mr. GRIMES!. Very likely.
Air. TRUMBULL, if so, the Senator from
Vermont is clearly light.
Mr. COLLAMER. )!y K.T. I supoose they
mean Knight Templar. That is no office; it is a
grade, a rank. So with R. A.; that is Royal
Arch Mason, I take it. it is not an office; it is
the name of a grade, a rank. If I amright m
my comprehension of what is meant it means
nothing but that. It can have no legal effect what-
ever, and I do not think it assists any in identity.
Therefore I move to strike all that out-
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 hope these titles will not
be stricken out. They are certainly perfectly
harmless, and we all know or easily can know
what they mean. K. T., I know, moans Knight
Templar; R. A. means Royal Arch; and some
of these men are known to all Senators; some are
known tome; exceedingly respectable men; and
I should think we had better give them their act
of incorporation piecisely in the way they want it.
Mr. COLLAMER. Whatisthenccessityand
propriety of having these titles in the bill? Sup-
pose one of them is a justice of the peace, will
you call him J. P. ?
Mr. ANTHONY. Perhaps if I were to draw
the bill myself I should leave these titles out, but
I see no possible objection to gratifying the peti-
tioners in this respect. We know these titles
mean nothing disloyal, or unchristian, orimproper
in any way whatever, and I would give them their
act of incorpotation piecisely m the way they
want it, so long as there is no impropriety in it.
Mr. DAVIS. I suppose most of the Senators
know that there are several orders of masonry.
" R. A." indicates, according to the opinion of
the Senator from Vermont, truly, Royal Arch.
The retention of these letters may be necessary for
the purpose of identifying the order of masonry
that is to be incorporated here, but so far as the
initials characterize the different officers of any
order of masonry, they arc of no concern or im-
portance whatever,because the chartergranted by
Congress, or by any legislative assembly, would
not create these officeis. lint as the Senator from
Rhode Island says, they can do no harm.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Do they alter the legal
effect ?
Mr. DAVIS. Not at all, but it may be import-
ant in tills view: there are what are called Royal
Arch Masons, Knights Templar, Knights of'St.
John, and many other orders. The initials then
would express those orders, ami would be neces-
sary for the purpose of identifying the order to
receive the benefit of the act of incorporation.
Mr. TIUJMBULL. That is the very point.
Does the bill incorporate the order, ordoes it ill-
corporate the individuals?
Mr. DAVIS. It incorporates the individuals
in the particular order. Those individuals might
ask for a charter I'm- a Blue Lodge or a lied Lodge,
tin- Royal Arch or the Knights Templar or any
other oider of masonry. The effect of some of
these letters is to identify the order ill which they
are organized. I think there is no need for any
objection to these initials; they do no harm.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 trust we shall have a vote
either for or against the proposition; I do not care
W The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is oil the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Veunont.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. There is no limitation in
this lull of the amount of real estate which may
be held nor the purposes for which it may be held
by this association. If we are to incorporate it,
then; ought to be a limitation of that sort, that
the real estate which they are permitted to pur-
chase shall be for the puipose of erecting a ma-
sonic hall, and having a place to transact then-
business. 1 will offer a proviso as an amendment
at the end of section two:
I'muiM, That -politic shall have no power
to paieiia-.e oi hold unv io.it estate except such as may be
selected tor the puipo.-* ol i lectins a masonic hall lbi the
puipo-e ol eohUnstlie mec'.uigj of it-' llieinbcis, and for the
liansaeti'm of then busmen.
Mr. GRIMES. I suppose the Senator from
Wisconsin is aware that this is a charitable asso-
ciation, and his proviso, as I understantl it, would
prevent this incorporation from investing any of
their surplus money in real estate from which
they would derive a lovenuo to he expended in
charitable purposes; and I do not know but that
it would pi event them from taking a mortgage.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not think it would
prevent their loaning money on bond and mort-
gage, for the holding of a bond and mortgage is
not the holding of veal estate. The real estate is
pledged as security, it Rs true, for the payment of
the debt, but they proceed by selling the real es-
tate, and they cannot puicliase it in themselves.
That would be the effect of it, and I do not think
they ought to be allowed to deal with real estate.
Mr. JOHNSON. The provision limiting cor-
porations in the amount of real estate they shall
be permitted to hold is often accompanied by a
provision that they may be permitted to hold the
amount upon mortgage. This institution I sup-
pose to be a charitable one almost exclusively.
There was a time in the history of this country
when it was supposed to be political, and that
gave rise to a party, as we know, powerful at the
time; but it soon died out because it had nothing
to support it. The whole object of the society is
charity, 1 have no doubt. Under the third sec-
tion they are to have a capital of not exceeding
§300,000; and that they will invest, after provid-
ing themselves with a house, in some security,
and it might be advantageous for them to invest
in real estate by way of mortgage. The Senator,
therefore, had better modify his amendment.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not think the amend-
ment which I offered is liable to the objection
raised by the honorable member from Maryland.
I do not think that when money is loaned and a
bond taken and a mortgage given by way of se-
curity, that constitutes a holding of real estate.
Mr. JOHNSON. The mortgagee has the legal
CStfl tc •
Mr.' DOOLITTLE. The mortgagee does not
hold the legal estate.
Mr. JOHNSON. Yes,he docs,after forfeiture.
Mi. DOOLlTTtE. That is not the common
law of the country, ccrtainly. If such be the law
of Maryland, and would bn the law of the Dis-
trict, (though that is not the law of all the States
North,! am quite sure,) twill modify the amend-
ment.
Mr. JOHNSON. The law may have been al-
tered by statute in some States.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I know such is not the
law in most of the New England States or in Wis-
consin; but a word can be inserted in the amend-
ment which will exclude any such idea.
Mr. JOHNSON. The legal estate is necessa-
rily in the mortgagee, and the mortgagee holds it
subject to the equity of the mortgager to redeem.
That is the whole interestof the mortgager. The
error into which the honorable member has fallen,
if it be an error, as I think it is, arises from his
forgetting that in such cases the legal estate is
in the mortgagee and the equitable estate in the
mortgager. .
Mr. DOOLITTLE. A sentence might be
added to the amendment which w&ild not inako
this provision extend to mortgages.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
is at liberty to modify his amendment.
Mr. ANTHONY. The whole amount that the
corporation is allowed to hold is only $300,000.
I do not see any necessity for putting any restric-
tion on it.
Mr. JOHNSON. That is the capital stock.
They may go on increasing, they may go on
lending it, and the interest may acciue from time
to time and be invested.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I modify the amendment
so as to read:
Ptondcd, Said body-politic shall have no power to pur-
chase oi hold anv l eal estate except such as may be selected
for 1 lie putposc of erecting a imwmic hall for the pmpnse
of holding the meetings of it- membeis and for the trans-
action ill theii business; nut tins piovision shall not pre-
vent said coiporation fiom loaning any poiturn of their
funds upon mortgage secmity.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before the vote is taken
on that amendment, which I thinkisveiy pioper,
I desire to suggest that it is usual in all incorpo-
lations, even for charitable puiposes, to limit the
amount of real estate which may be held by them.
It is certainly so in my State. Idesiie to call
the attention of the Senator from Wisconsin to
the seventh section to see if it is not necessary
that his amendment should befianied a little dif-
ferently. On reading the seventh section it will
bn observed that—
" The oCicei sand members of the several masonic bodies
named ill the fu .t section of this act are hereby created and
made separately and individually, bodies-politic and coi-
jjoiate, and by their individual name, as given in said first
section, may sue and be sued, plead and be impleaded, in
any court of law or equity of competent jut Miction, and
