1804.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1139
shall be capable of taking ami holding real ami personal
estate, and may have and u-e caeh a common mm!, ami
may <'iian<jQ the lament p!ea-*u>e, and he entitled tome
and ewieise, separately and individually, all the powers,
lights, and ptivilegos incident to such cwporauyn."
Each one of the prisons named is made a cor-
poration separately and individually, and wttii a
separate seal, and authorized to purchase and
hold real and peisonal estate.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. That section ought to be
stricken out.
Mr. FOSTER. Not only those who are named,
but all those who exist in the District and are not
named, by the ninth section also have the same
privilege; and also all those who may be admit-
ted by the board of trustees.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I did not look at that. It
strikes me that the seventh section is very singu-
larly woided.
Mr. GRIMES. There is a strange misappre-
hension of this bill, it seems to me, or else I do
not comprehend it. i understand there are six-
teen or seventeen lodges and consistories and
encampments in this District. The purpose of
this bill is first to incorporate each of those dif-
ferent associations and lodges, and then to unite
them all in one common association for the pur-
pose of accomplishing one general object; that is,
thcerection of a temple. Now the purpose of the
ninth section is to declare that the officers and mem-
bers of the several masonic bodies, not the indi-
vidual members of each masonic lodge, but " the
officers and members," speaking of them collect-
ively, 44 of the several masonic bodies named in
the first section of this act are hereby created and
made, separately and individually, bodies-poli-
tic." Perhaps the word " individually" ought
to he stricken out. It does not refer to each in-
dividual member of each one of these sub-corpo-
rations, but to the individual corporations them-
selves that compose the grand aggregate whish is
to accomplish this purpose that they all have m
common—that js, to erect a masonic temple. It
says " by their individual name." What indi-
vidual name? The individual name which has
been recognized m the first section as the name of
the lodge of which they are the master, or the
past-master, or whatever distinction they may
be described by in the first section of the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Wisconsin.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE, In relation to thesevenfh
section f see no necessity for it. I must confess
that in that section it seems to me there are about
seventeen acts of incorporation, ft is the most
comprehensive section I ever saw put into a law,
I believe. It says that " the officers and members
of the se\oral masonic bodies named m the first
sect,on of this act are hereby cieattd arid made,
separately and individually, bodies-politic and
corporate."
Mi. GRIMES. Fn order to meet the Senator's
objection, i will move to stnke out the words
ss the officers and membersof " and say " the sev-
eral masonic bodies."
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Thatdoes not change the
result. There aie still sixteen or seventeen of
them, I am told, I think theie are twenty-two
myself.
Mr. FOSTER. There are over twenty.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Perhaps this section bears
the construi tioii which is given to it by the Senator
from Iowa; that is, that the corporations which
are eie.itod heie do nd ief< r to the paiucular m-
dmduaD who are named, out to the associations
of Masons wnic h ai e named separately in the first
secion of the bill. M. he first section ><'ads, "that
}>. 0 Enoch, of theGiand Encampment of the
United Slavs of America, lv. T., Robert AL.-
Murdy, of the Genera! Givnd R. A. Chapter of
the Uuif-d States; George C. Wiiitn^, of the
Givnd Consistory of the S, P. R. S., thnty-sec-
ond degree, A. A. It.; E. L. Stevens, of Osiiis
Lod-i of Perfection No. 1, A. A. R ; Z. D. Oil-
man , of Washner'.on Command' ry No. 1, K. T.;
\V. L\ P.-tello, <d Columbia Comrnandery, U.
3). Jv. T.; W. M. Smith, of Columbia R. A.
CiiapterNo. jb>: W. G . Paikhurst, of Washing-
ton R. A. Ohaptet No. 10, James Sadie, of
Mount Vernon U A. Chapter .No. 00;"&c., etc.,
are incorporated. The eon^iruction which the
Senator from Iowa «ivc* is that if is not P>. B.
French, Robert McMurdy, George C. Whiting,
&c., who are made a body-politic, but 
Mr. GRIMES. If the Senator has any scru-
ples on that subject, I propose to strike out the
wo ids " the officers and members of" in the first
and second lines of the seventh section, and then
it will read, "that the several masonic bodies
named in the first section of this act are hereby
created," &c.; and then if the Senator desires it
I will limit the amount of real estate they shall
each hold.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. That creates, then,under
this seventh section, over twenty different incor-
porations under different masonic names and titles
here in the Distuctof Columbia.
Mr. GRIMES. That is very true.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. And it gives to each the
power to hold real and personal estate, and to
make their own rules prescribing the disposition
of their property, both real and personal.
Mr. JOHNSON. And there is no limitation
as to the stock.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. There is no limitation as
to the stock, and no limitation as to leal estate;
and under this the corporation created might buy
the city of Washington, run all the hotels in the
city, and perhaps all the banking establishments.
Air. FOSTER, if the Senator will look at the
ninth section he will see thatnot only those named
in the first section are thus incorporated as he
suggests, over twenty, but the ninth section pro-
vides that all those existing in the District that
are not named are also incorporated; and then for
the future all those whom the board of trustees
may admit hereafter shall also be incorporated
and have the same privileges as those named m
the fust section.
Mr. GRIMES. I propose an amendment to
strike out the words "officers and members of"
in the first line of the seventh section, so that it
will read:
That thoHovoi.il masonic bodies named in the fiij-t sec-
tion oi tins act, &c. s
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. If it be in order I will move
to recommit tlie bill to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
Mr. DAVIS. I hope the honoiable Senator will
permit me to make a remark. 1 undeistand this
bill as creating one generalaggrpgate corpoiation
of Masons; and in addition to that, I understand
it as incorporating ail the oilier associate congre-
gations of Ma.-'ons. I n my own Suite, for instance,
there are one hundred and fifty lodges. If a prop-
osition had been adopted by the Legislatuie of
that State similar to one feature of the bill that is
now under consideration, it would incorporate the
whole of those one hundred and fifty lodges m
one bill instead of having otm bundled and fifty
bills for l hat purpose. „I see no objection to that.
I will stale the reason wiiy they desire an in-
corpuiation. All these masonic lodges are emi-
nently ehantable institu'i' ns. They sometimes
have funds on hand, but never to a largo amount.
Those funds are distiibutcd m chanty from time
to time as the needs of the membeis connected
with the did* rent lodges and their families require.
Their treasurers sometimes have the custody of
these funds, if theie <-> no act of incorporation
the tieasmci loans them in Ins individual char-
acter and takes a note to himself as an individ-
ual. lie emiiftniKS pioves aciefaulter, andcnus''s
a loss to ..he iodiz" of which he is a member. They
desne an act oj'ineoi poration in ordut that, as they
accumulate funds, and as they desire to make a
little pi'oiit out of them li theie is no immediate
call (or their distribution ni woiks of chanty,
tlicy may b< loaned by tin; coiporate name of the
lodge for its benefit, and not in the name oi' an
iru! i \ id eal officer who mav pi o\ e a defau iter.
The PREl-'l DING-OFFICER, (Mr. Clauk.)
The (pa.->uon io on the motion to lecommit the
bill.
Air. HOWARD. I do not make the motion
v. ith any intent to prepidicc the measure winch
is now befoiu the Senate, but for the purpose oi
submitting it a£;atn to the con'-ideiation oj the
Committee on the Di.-ntict of Columbia, in mder
that they may i < foi m it, if it needs r< lormation,
ami make such nnpiovements in the [dnaseo!ogy
a< they may see fit. 1 certainly think it tnvds
amendmi nt. 1 am not able to s m> the necessity of
incorporating such agicat number oi lodges at one
swoop as are included m this bill, in the fir^t place,
there are nineteen lodges mentioned by name m the
first section of the bill; and that section declares
that the individuals named therein are recognized
in the act as a board of trustees representing the
several masonic bodies before named; and those
several trustees named in the first section of the
bill are incorporated.themselves into a body-pol-
itic and corporate by the name of the Masonic
Hall Association,
In the seventh section of the bill there is a fur-
ther proceeding in the nature as it would seem of
a sort of sub-incorporation or the creation of mi-
nor corporations subject to the large one going by
the name of the Masonic Hall Association. AH
these lodges, the nineteen mentioned in the first
section, arc crcated separate and distinctsub-cor-
porations, subordinate in some degree certainly
to the one mentioned in the first section of the
bill. As has been very properly said by the Sen-
ator from Connecticut, section nine extends the
privilege of incorporation to any lodges within
the District that may hereafter see fit to apply to
the trustees; so that there is no end of the num-
ber of corporations that may exist Under this bill.
Is it worth while for Congress to grant this un-
usual privilege of self-incorporation ? It seems to
me not. I can see no need of it at all. The bill
itself contains no limitation of the time during
which these several corporations may be in exist-
ence. They are perpetual corporations, if I un-
derstand the bill correctly, like the grand corpo-
ration known as the Alasonic Hall Corporation.
I believe there is no limitation as to time. If I
am mistaken in this, the Senator from Iowa can
correct me.
Ill order to reach the object I really desire, that
is, the granting of such a charter as may be proper
and necessary, I submit the motion to recommit
the bill to the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia. I do not see that the measure can be
prejudiced by it. I should vote for it with great
pleasure if it could be brought before us in an
improved form.
The motion to recommit was agreed to.
UNROLLED BILL SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Air. McPiieusok, its Clerk, announced that
the Speaker of the House of Representatives had
signed an enrolled joint resolution (H. R. No.
37) to authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to
anticipate the payment of interest on the public
debt, and for other purposes; which was there-
upon signed by the Vice President.
STREET RAILROAD IN WASHINGTON.
Mr. MORRILL. I now ask the Senate to
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill No. 54.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 54) to incorporate the Met-
ropolitan Railroad Company in the. District of
Columbia. It proposes to create Alexander R.
Shop herd, Richaid Waliach, Lewis Clephane,
Samuel P. Brown, Nathaniel Wilson, Joseph L.
Savage, and William W. Rapley,and their asso-
ciates and assigns, a body corporate, under the
name of the Metropolitan Railroad Company,
w[th authority to construct and lay down a dou-
ble-track railway, with the necessary switches
and turnout?, in the city of Washington, in the
District of Columbia, through and along the f:>'-
lowing avenues and streets: Commencing at the
junction of A street north and New Jersey ave-
nue, at the north side of the Capitol; along the
east side of iNevv Jersey avenue to D a-treetnorth;
along D street noith and alongC street north and
Indiana avenue to the intersection of D street 1101 th
witli Indlana a\< nue; along Indiana avenue, D
sticet noi th and Louisiana avenuo to Fifth street
west; along Filth street west to F street north;
along F stref t noi th Jo Fourteenth street west;
along Fourteenth street west to G street north;
along G street noith to Fifteenth street west; along
Fifteenth sticet westand Pcnnsyivaniaavenue to
Seventeenth street west; along Seventeenth street
'wextto 1 street north; along I stieet north,across
Pennsylvania avenue, to the junction of New
Hampshire avenue and T\vnty-third street west;
tbenc! along New Hampshire avenue to the Cir-
, cIe. Also, a double or single track branch rail-
I! way, commencing at the intersection of D street
ji noi'th and New Jersey avenue; along NewJer-
l! sey avenue to Masaachusettsavenue; alongMas-
