1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
f'iii
m
Chicknsaws, the Seminoles, the Washafaws, and
the affiliated bands, to enter into the rebel ser-
vice and join the conspiracy. With the aid of
some white troops advuncing with these Indians
as their allies :nto the Indian Territory, they car-
ried fiie and devastation through that Territory,
and drove out from it the Creaks and the Chero-
kee^ to the amount of more than twenty thousand,
fleeing, suffering, in the midst of winter, under
circumstances ot suffering compared with which
there lias nothing been like it in this war. In
substance this is but a proposition to authorize
the Government to employ Indian forces to keep
the peace in the Indian Territory and the other
Teintoiies wlieie they-are liable to just such in-
cursions as these by Indian tribes joined with
rebels. With such language as will guard it as
to the employment of the force in this w ay, there
can be no objection to the object, which is to enroll
into the service of ihe United Srates as our allies
against the Indian forces that are employed by
the 1 ebels, Indian forces. Cei tainly there is noth-
ing wrong in that. The Senator from Delaware
has spent h:S sympathies m vain, it seems to me,
when he appeals to the recollections of our child-
hood when we read the story of the Revolution
and the employment of Indian savages by Gieat
Biitain in the war for our independence against
us. Sir, there is nothing like it proposed in this
amendment of the Senator from Missouri.
But there is force in an objection which was
raised by the Senator from Maryland, I think;
and that is to say that fiom our relations to the
Indian tribes, treating them as we do as independ-
ent. tabes and nations, and our relations being
with those tribes by virtue of treaty stipulations,
and there being nothing contained in those treaty
stipulations by which we are authorized to draft
them in case of war, that part of the amendment
of the Senator from Missouri which proposes to
forcibly blit'g them into the service cannot stand
investigation. I suggest to the Senator, therefore,
if he will allow mrt, to amend his proposition so
that the effect of it will be substantially that the
111 (111111.s, members of tribes receiving annuities
fiom us and living m any State, may be author-
3Z'd to reeeiud into the forces of the State
as a pariof theqnota of theStatc,and that within
the Indian Territory the Secretary of War shall
be authorized to use as a part of the force of the
United States, such Indians as may be employed
foi that purpose to keep the peace in the Indian
Teiv'tory and to cairy out the purpose men-
tioned m the proviso to this amendment. This
would avoid all objection to grow out of what
xx.oy be termed a violation of our treaty stipula-
tions with these Indian tribes, a violation of our
recognition < f them as independent tubes.
Mr. HENDUICKS. I desire to ask the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin whether the Indians are
enrolled under the conscription law.
Mr. DOOLITTLE, They are not.
Mi. HENDRICKS. Then 1 ask the Senator,
would not Lis proposition be tins: that persons
Lot subject to the conscription law shall be re«
eti\ed in some States against the citizens of the
SiaU s in o'her States?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Peihaps whether they
should be cieditcd to the State or not is another
question. I can see the foice of the objection
made by the Senator; but the main purpose is to
authorize the Secretary of War to receive and
employ them in this service. That is the pur-
pose of the Senator from Mis^ouii. According
to my pioposition it would be as volunteers and
not as eonsciipts or drafted men.
Mr. JOHNSON. Can he not do that now?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I am not awaiethat any
law ho.i been passed authorizing the Secretary of
War to employ Indians a-? volunteeis. i wJ.lap-
to the Si n Tlor from Mai-sachusetts.
Mr. JOHNSON. There are some m the ser-
Mt. DOOLITTLE. I understand that in point
of f.u't Indiansfiem some of the States have b< en
d as volunteers, and have been accepted us
voluuvets m the service of the United States
Ti," Senior from XS"ew York so mfoims me in
iv.; .! d to his Stare.
'Mr. FXEMUtlCKS. I will ask the Senator if
tl'c.r js not ewnliued to thai c'ass of Indians who,
\> -ldei tieaty or law, aie made citizens of the States r
T>y tho constitutions uf some of the northwestern
States, and peihaps the constitution of Wiscon-
sin, Indians are allowed to be citizens of the State,
and we have somo treaties allowing them to be.
Mr. COLLAM ER. It is so with the Brother-
ton Indians.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Perhaps that is the tribe.
I ask whether any other classes of Indians have
been allowed to volunteer.
Mr. HARRIS. The Cattaraugus Indians have
been received as volunteers.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It would seem that in New
York some of the Cattaraugus Indians have been
accepted as volunteers in the service of theUnited
States; and in Kansas, as I am informed, some
Indians have been accepted in some of the regi-
ments, and some in Michigan. But the question
which I was considering was whether there has
been any legislation on the subject; and I appeal
to the Senator fiom Massachusetts to state. As
we have legislated so much on this military ques-
tion, i am not sure thot we have not passed a law
authorizing the acceptance of Indians as volun-
teers in the service of the United States.
Mr. WILSON. There has been no such law.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I can state the his-
tory of the acceptance of Indian troops. A year
before we acccpied the services of either Indians
or negroes, the rebels had three regiments of In-
dians fighting our loyal people in the IndianTer-
ritory. The Secretary of War accepted three
legimentsof Indian volunteers in the IndiariTer-
ritory,officcri gthcm with svhitemen. They are
now m the service, and have done good service,
valuable service in the field.
Now, that the chairman of the Indian Commit-
tee may understand exactly the position of this
question, 1 desire to suggest that you cannot with-
out a law providing for enrollment and fordiaft-
in<? get this particular class of troops into the field.
The Secretary of War has been willing to accept
them for two years, has been trying to get them
into the service. The Indian reserves, so far as
the State I in pai t repiesent is concerned, are not
within the boundaries of our State. They are
excluded by express legislation in the Kansas-
Nebraska act.
Mr. RICHARDSON. And it is so in all the
other terntonal acts. They are not citizens, but
excluded by tho action of Congress.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. By the amendment
proposed by the Senator irom Missouri we can
obtain a very large force of useful troops forthe
western country, and we can release, instead uf
ten thousand, as put by the Senator irom Mis-
souri, not less than twenty thousand white troops
by adopting; such a lineof policy. We have now
in Kansas, and m the Tei utories, ineludmgNew
Mexico, not less than twenty thousand white
troops engaged in protecting the Indian country,
i lee! thatThy the passage of this amendment we
can release all but a very small portion of that
force fiom {licit service and use them elsewheie
in the militaiy seruce of the United States.
I desire now to say a word in respect to the
position taken by the Senator from Maryland.
Here is a people whom this country is feeding day
by day, men, women, and children; many of them
shiftless, fit for nothing under God's heaven but
to fight. Situated thus with them, we should not,
m a ease of thi s kind, act on a theory which every
man of sense in this Senate believes to be a ioily,
the theory of treating those Indian tribes as in-
i dependent nations. A treaty is but a burlesque;
i it is a humbug; and every man knowsit who has
i had anything to do with them. We make the
i treaties herein the Indian department to suit the
| wishes of the Government. They are sent out
1 to the Indian tribes; inducements are offered; our
! Gteat Father wants tho treaty; a bullock or two
1 is killed, and the treaty -s adopted. When it
J comes to the Senate, if we find it does not suit us
I exactly we change it. The amendments are sent
j| back, and the same kind of appliances are used,
'! including the whisky, and our amendments aie
j i ratified. .
P Mr. JOHNSON. Not the same whisky.
I! | Laujriiter. I
i! Air. LANE, of Kansas. The samesortofnp-
, | olianc.es are used and our amendments are adopt-
!j ed. They uie a weak, feeble, shmless people,
j. the greater poriion of them, yet they will make
;;  ood soldii'is if we exercise the, force ihat we pus-
lj sess in .lohio with them as we do with ouv own
l| children, conscripting them into the service of
II tho United Suites. I think, Mr. President, that
if the Senator from Delaware had been.at Law-
rence on the 21st day of August last, he would
not be condemning our Government f<y* propos-
ing to muster into the service of tlxe United
States Indians. Several of those men who com-
mitted that raid and that murder* and those ter-
rific outrages were rebel Indians who have been
in the service from the moment this rebellion-com-
menced. Very soon after this Administration
came into power, the President appointed a com-
missioner and Indian agents, and sent them out
to the Indian Territory,, and-they were the first
to turn against the Government, and persuade
the Indians that the Government was lost*and
induce them to go into the rebel ranks among the
first that were in the service in this war. He
appointed what he supposed to be loyal men.
They went out there and turned against the Gov-
ernment and carried off these Indians, and I re-
peat, that a year before we called an Indian or a
black man into the service, the rebels had three
regiments burning and destroying the property
of .our people.
Air. JOHNSON. I said the other day, when
the condition of the Indians that are now left was
brought before the Senate, that the conduct of the
people of the United States toward them perhaps
could not be justified on moral grounds. I under-
stand the Senator from Kansas now to saythat
there is not a sane member of the Senate, ac-
quainted with the facts, who would not pronounce
ail these treaties as the merest folly in the world.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The theory of treat-
ing with ihem.
Mr. JOHNSON. There is no folly in the trea-
ties so that we get the land. What he meant to
say was that the theoiy of treating with them,
considering the manner m which we get their land
by treaty, was a folly; but it is worse than a folly
if he states the facts accurately. If wedelude these
poor Indians, if we seduce them by applying to
their weaknesses or their vices, and in that way we
become rich and they become vagabonds, the case
is rather worse than I thought it was. But we
have thought proper to do it, if we have done it
at all, at any rate in the form of constitutional
measures. We have made treaties ostensibly.
The papers, the conveyances by which we got the
lands, upon iheirface profess to be treaties. They
are signed by the President'of the United States,
under the advice and consent of the Senate, as the
representative of the United States, and they are
signed by those who profess to rep re sen t, and who
j do represent, these several tiihcs. And in that
1 way we are now, as far as such treaties have been
' made, the owners uf those lauds.
j Now, the Senator from Kansas states—herrjay
- be right; he knows more of the character of the
! Indians than I do—that they are a lazy, worthless
I set of men, who do nothing butrumber the earth.
| Who has made them lazy and worthless, and a
! cumbiance to the earth? We, we. Ilavethey not
• still some ledceming qualities which show that
j the manhood.God guvc to their ancestors has not
! altogether expiied ? The honorable member tells
us that the regiments of Indians who aie now.in
! the service of "the United States have done asuse-
; ful if not more valuable service than any other re-
I giments of the same number in the armies of the
: United Stales. They then possess some high
| qualities, and if propeily treated they would cease^
1 to be wanderers and cumberers upon the face of
the earth. n
j But that is not (he question now, Mr. i resi-
' dent. The question now is, have we any authoi-
| ity to do what is proposed ? What is iir
! is suppoitedby the honorable Senator fiom Kan-
sas ? A proposition tc*fovce. them into the sei vite.
Suppose we had the power, I was about to say
I should be ashamed to use it. We have done
already enough to bring us somewhat in disrepute.
I! We, Uie white men of the nation, we who con*
ji stitute the nation, we whose Government this is,
[j which we created, and which we claim to be ours,
j! and which we desire to perpetuate, we have al-
1. ready admitted that wo were unable to protect
!' and perpetuate it without calling upon the Arn-
cans who happen to be within out limits; and now
: we aie asked to go a st^> funher, to force into
the service of the United States some twenty
1 thousand Indians over whom we have no con&ti-
tutional control; and the object avowed istosuve
j| from the danger of death the hves of as many
if white men. ™
'What will the judgment of other
