1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, December 23, 18G3.
Prayer by the'Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journalof yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. DIXON presented the petition of Henry
W. Lee, bishop of the Protestant Episcopal
Church of the diocese of Iowa; and the petition
of B. E. Smith, bishop of the diocese of Ken-
tucky, and G. T. Bedell, assistant bishop of Ohio,
praying that such a modification of the enroll-
ment act may be made as will provide that cler-
gymen and candidates for the ministry shall be
regarded as non-combatants, and employed as
chaplains or in hospitals; which were ordered to
lie on the table. , .
He also presented a petition of citizens of Buf-
falo, New York, members of the Lutheran church,
praying that such it modification of the enrollment
act may be made as will exempt clergymen from
draft; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. COWAN presented the petition of John
R. Barber and others, inspectors of customs and
revenue agents, connected with the port of Phil-
adelphia, praying for an increase of their com-
pensation; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. MORRILL, it was
Ordered, That the petition and other papers of I!. C.
Bailey, praying for remuneration for expense*, and danui^es
sustained by lmn in consequence of the seizure and deten-
tion of the ship Arf;o, in May. 1861, bv the commanding
naval officer of the Unitod States in Hampton Road*, be
taken i'rom the files of the Senate and rofeited to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
On motion of Mr. HARRIS, it was
Ordered, That the heiis of John Chambeilam have leave
to withdraw their petition and other papeis from the nles
of the Senate.
On motion of Mr. MORGAN, it was
Ordered, That the memorials and documents of theown-
cis ;md captains of the ships Three iiellsand Antarctic and
the bark Kilhy, which three vessels succeeded in rescuing
the passengeis, officers, and crew of the steamer San Fran-
cisco, that foundered at sea in the month of December,
1833, having then on board more than five hundred officers
and soldiers of the United States Arniy, be taken trom the
files ot the Senate, aud referred to the Committee on Naval
Aft'airs.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WADE asked, and by unanimous conscnt
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 28) re-
lating to members of Congress; which was read
twice by its title.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask for the reading of the
bill.
The Secretary read it. Itdirects that no mem-
ber of the Senate or of the House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States shall, during his
continuance in office, hereafter appear or act as
counsel, attorney, or agent in any case or pro-
ceeding, civil or criminal, iu any court, civil, crim-
inal, military, or naval, or betoreany commission,
in which the United States is a party, or directly or
indirectly interested; or receive any compensation,^
of any kind, directly or indirectly, for services of
any description renderedby himselforanother,in
relation to any such cause or proceeding. It further
provides that no member of the Senate or House
of Representatives shall, during his continuance
in office, receive, or agree to receive, any com-
pensation whatsoever, directly or indirectly, for
any services rendered to any person, either by
himself or another, in relation to any proceeding,
contract, claim, controversy, charge, accusation,
arrest, or other matter or tiling in which- the
United States is a party, or directly or indirectly
interested, before any Department, bureau, olftce,
or any civil, military, or naval commission what-
ever. Any person offending against any pro-
vision of this act is, on conviction thereof, to be
deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and to be pun-
ished by a fine of not less than dollars, and
by imprisonment for a term not less than 
years, aud is'to be forever thereafter incapable of
holding any office of honor, trust, or prontunder
the Government of the United States.
Mr. W AI) i:'. 1 move that the bill be referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WADE. I also ask that it be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The order to print
will he made, if there be no objection.
Mr. SUMNER, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 29) to provide for the revision and con-
solidation of the statutes of the United States;
which was read twice by its title.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask the reference of the bill
to the Committee on the Judiciary; and at the
same time, considering the character of the bill, I
move that it be printed for the use of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That reference will
be made, and it will be ordered to be printed if
there be no objection.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 30)
to establish a uniform system of ambulances in
the armies of the United States; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia, and ordered to
be printed.
BILL REFERRED.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. On my motion some
days since, a joint resolution, which was intro-
duced by me, on the subject of auditing the ac-
counts for losses in the city of Lawrence, waslaid
on the table with a view of allowing me to make
some remarks upon it previous to its reference. I
now move to take it up with a view to refer it to
the committee, so that they may act upon it.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the joint resolution (S. No.
4) authorizing the Secretary of War to appoint a
board of officers to audit the accounts of the citi-
zens ofLawrenee, Kansas.
The VICE PRESIDENT. What committee
shall it go to?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The Committee on
Military Affairs. I also ask to have it printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be so re-
ferred, and the order to print will be made if there
be no objection.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
Mr. CONNESS. While I was out of the Sen-
ate Chamber for a few minutes the other day, a
report was received from the Treasury Depart-
ment concerning matters relating to the custom-
house in San Francisco, which was laid on the
table. I desire to have that communication taken
from the table and referred to the Committee on
Finance.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That reference will
be made, if there be no objection.
ENROLLMENT OF SLAVES.
Mr. WILSON submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to ill-
foun the Senate whether persons held to service or labor
by the laws of Delaware. Maryland, West Virginia, Ken-
tucky, and Missouri, have been enrolled aecoiding to the
provisions of the " Act for enrolling and calling out the
national loice*, and lor other pmposuf," approved March
3, 1£6U, and if not, the cau&e why such enrollment has not
been made.
GENEIIALS WITHOUT COMMANDS.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I laid a resolution on the
tabic yesterday, which I ask to have taken up and
acted upon at the present time.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution:
Reso licit. That the Secretary of War be directed to fur-
nish the Senate with the names of all of the major and briga-
dier generals who are without commands equal to a bugade,
stating how long each has been without such command,
and whether each has a staff; and if bo, how numerous, and
of what lank, and what amount of pay, including commu-
tations and rations, each, including those ot hi.-, stall, has
been receiving while so without a rommand; ami also that
he inform the' Senate how many major and bngadicr gen-
ends are in command of derailments, districts, and posts
in the iuyal States; and whether anv necessity cxi-ts, mat
! jeqnires tliatthi'^e liejMitliients, districts, ami postssiiouid
I he commanded by oflieers ot' such high rank, vvitfi tlien
numerous and expensive staffs.
The resolution was adopted.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. MoPitersojc, its Clerk, announced that
the House of Representatives had concurred in
the amendment of the Senate to the concurrent
resolution of the House, providing for an adjourn-
ment of the two Houses of Congress from Wed-
nesday, December 23,1863, to Tuesday, January
5, 1864. , , , „
The message further announced that the riouse
had passed a bill (No. 34) making appropriations
for the support of the Military Academy for the
year ending June 30,1865; in which the concur-
rence of the Senate was requested. ,,
The message further announced that the House
of Representatives had agreed to the amendments
of the Senate to the joint resolution of the House
(No. 14) to supply, in part, deficiencies in the ap-
propriations for the public printing, and to supply
deficiencies in the appropriations for bounties and
premiums to volunteers.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed tine
fallowing joint resolutions; which thereupoft re-
ceived the signature of the Vice President:
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 12) tendering the
thanks of Congress to Captain John Rodgers, of
the United States Navy, for eminent skill and zeal
in the discharge of his duties; and
A joint resolution (H- R. No. 14) to supply,
in part, deficiencies in the appropriations for the
public printing, and to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for bounties to volunteers.
HOUSE BIIX REFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. 34) making appropriations
for thg support of the Military Academy for. the
year ending June 30, 1865, was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Finance.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Several messages in writing were received from
the President of the United States, by Mr. Hay,
his Secretary.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness. There, arc some executive matters that
should be disposed of.
The motion was agreed to; and, after somej-ime
spent in the consideration of executive business,
the doors were reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, December 23, 1863.
The House met at twelve o^clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. W. H. ChannIng.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
William Hickey, its Chief Clerk, notifying the
House that that body lmd concurred in the res-
olution of the House for adjournment over the
holidays, with an amendment; in which he was
directed to ask the concurrence of the House.
The amendment of the Senate was read, as fol-
lows:
Strike out tile words, " this House," and insert the words,
" two Houses of Congressso that it will provide for the
adjournment of the two Houses of Congress from Wednes-
day, December 23, to January 5, 1864.
Tho amendment was concurred in.
ENROLLED JOINT RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and found
truly enrolled joint resolutions of the following
titles; when the Speaker signed the same:
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 12) tendering the
thanks of Congress to Captain John Rodgers, of
the United States Navy, for eminent skill and
zeal in the discharge of his duties; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 14) to supply, in
part, deficiencies in the appropriations for the
public punting, and to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for bounties to volunteers.
SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION.
The SPEAKER announced that this being
the day fixed for the appointment of three regents
for the Smithsonian Institution, he had appointed
Messrs. Cox, Da>is of Maryland, and Patter-
son.
BANKRUPT LAW.
The SPEAKER also announced that he had
appointed the following as the select committee
011 the liatioiKiI bankrupt law: Rufps P.Spalding,
of Ohio, William D. Kelley, of Pennsylvania,
James a. Cbavens, of Indiana, Samuel Hooper,
of Massachusetts, Augustus Frank, ot tt<?w
York,William R. Morrison, of Illinois, -Fran-
cis Thomas, of Maryland, Thomas A. Jenokbs,
