1864.
THE COtfGKESSlONAL GLOBE.
2115
upon us. They have the first right, and this hill
secures that light to them. But the opponents of
this bill say we propose to divide that which we
have not, and which we cannot acquire. They
forget that large tracts are already within the ju-
risdiction of tneGovernment under the direct tax,
which will go into the hands of speculators unless
bid in by the Government and awarded to our sol-
diers under this bill, or some one with similar
provisions.
Mr. Speaker, I do not believe this nation will
be so unjust to itself as not to seizeabsolutely the
property, including the lands, of malignant reb-
els. Therefore I assume that confiscation in fee
will be our policy with reference to these lands.
We progress slowly, I admit; but to this we must
come at last.
I will not take the time of the House to explain
in detail the provisions of the bill under consid-
eration. My colleague on the committee has done
so, and the bill is printed and on the files of mem-
bers. It extends our general land system, and
virtually extends the homestead policy to this
class of lands, confining its provisions, however,
for the first five years after its passage to the sol-
diers and sailors tfho have borne arms in defense
of the nation.
I will not stop here to vindicate the homestead
law. Although long delayed, it may now be
considered as a part of the settled policy of the
Government in its disposition of the public do-
main. Experience has fully demonstrated that
the Government realizes more revenue from its
public lands by offering liberal inducements for
their settlement than it does by offering them for
sale. The demand for public lands is limited to
the demands of actual settlers exccptduring times
of great land speculation, as m 1837 and 18o6.
Although Government realized millions of dollars
from sales in 1856, yet those sales were a positive
evil. Whole townships, and in some instances
counties, in my State, Iowa, were taken up by
speculators, and have been held by them at such
prices as to preclude their settlement. If there
had been no sales except to actual settlers, or if
the beneficent principles of the homestead law
had then prevailed, these localities would doubt-
less now be occupied by prosperous and exten-
sive communities, who would annually contribute
in taxes far more to the" support of the Govern-
ment than was realized from those sales. Our pub-
lic landsare valueless to the Government without
cultivation. Any other policy is unjust toward
the hardy pioneer of civilization, injurious to the
public interests, and would present a serious ob-
stacle to the growth, development, prosperity, and
greatness of our common country.
By this policy the oppressed poor of the Old
World are invited to happy and independent
homes in the New. They in turn contribute to j
the giowth, wealth, and greatness of the nation. !
In the midst of this desolating civil war more than :
two hundred thousand of the poor of other lands j
within the last year have sough tan asylum among j
us, invited by our free institutions and liberal pol- ;
icy, and it is estimated that during the coming j
year nearly double thatnumber will seek our hos-
pitable shores. Hon. Robert J. Walker, in a re- !
cent article, has shown that if we compute the j
annual immigration for the next ten years asdur- !'
ing the decade from 1850 to I860, and estimate
the value of the labor of each immigrant at thirty- : j
three cents per day, it would give us a grand total !'
in 1870 of &1,430,000,000, or enough in twenty j|
years to pay our entire national war debt. We ij
need their labor to till our fields, to replenish our i;
Treasury, and enrich our commerce, and there- 1
fore should, by our laws and our policy, give theni
encouragement.
Land monopoly, with its attendant evils, lias
ever been the bane of empire. The republic of j
Rome furnishes us a familiar example. In the ,
early days of the republiclabor was esteemed hon- I
orable. The cultivators of the soil were esteemed .
worthy of the highest places m the republic. !
Afterwards the reins of power passed from the
hands of the middle classes; the proprietorship of
the soil passed from the many into the hands of
the privileged few. The people having thus alien-
ated the true inheritance of power, their own
homesteads, soon became a prey to the contend-
ing factions, who controlled the wealth of the j
State, and the greatness and glory of the imperial 1
lepublic. passed away forever. i
The successive revolutions in Mexico have been
but a struggle of the people against the lordlings
of the soil; a struggle of the Liberal party who
sought to foster and cherish republican institu-
tions against the Church party who owned the
greater portion of the soil and wealtfi of the coun-
try, and who used their wealth and power to op-
press the people. The Liberals finally wrested
this wealth from the Church party, and used it
for the benefit of the State, and the Power now
ruling that country has not yet deemed it prudent
to restore it. The fate of Mexico shows how im-
possible it is to maintain a permanent republican
Government over the few selfish, proud aristocrats
who own the soil and wealth of thecountry,evcn
without the demoralizing and aggravating evils
of slavery.
Who does not believe that if the landed pro-
prietors who osvn the great body of the English
soil could upon some principle of justice be in-
duced to share it with the homeless'and landless
class there, much of the misery, want, and deg-
radation that now affiict a great portion of that
people would be averted, and the greatness and
glory of the kingdom thereby advanced?
In a prosperous State labor must not only be
free, butthe cultivatorofthe soil must have a pro-
prietary right in the soil itself. In the rebellious
States the slaveholders not only owned the soil
but the labor that tilled it. Labor thus degraded
became dishonorable. Here the poverty of the
many, with its evils of want, of ignorance, and
dependence, was to be found side by side with the
excessive wealth and opulence of the few. The
poor whites, ignorantof the blessings of free Gov-
ernment, yielded their assent the first moment
the slaveholders, their masters, sought to over-
throw it. The words of General Marion, him-
self a southerner, written to Baron De Kalb, pre-
sent a true picture of the lower class of the whites
in all the southern States. Speaking of Carolina,
ho says:
"The people form two classes: the rich and the poor.
The poor are very poor; the rich, who have slaves to do all
their woik, give them no employment; the lath* they got is
laid out in brandy, not in hooks and new-spupeis ; iiencu
they know nothing of the blessings ot our country or of
the danger? which threaten it; therefoie they cure nothing
about it; enjoying none of the benefits of a free Govern
merit they cannot appreciate its blessings, and feel nointer-
tst in fighting for its> preservation.
This is a truthful picture of the South to-day.
The wealthy and intelligent few have controlled
and directed the poor and ignorant many, and
have thus led them into the vortex of a revolu-
tion causeless as it is wicked. Wemust conquer
the oppiessorsof this people. Their oppressors
conquered, the Government should extend to them
its fostering care and protection;should encourage
laborand protectalhn the enjoyment of its fruits.
We must restore the great body of that people
by the esfablishmentin those States of free schools
and free churches. This can only be done suc-
cessfully by a division of the large estates, now
abandoned, into small farms, which shall be tilled
by their owners. This division is also necessary
to eradicate slavery. The nature of that institu-
tion is to absorb all within its reach. Experience
has demonstrated that the small farmer, and in
turn the small planter, was compelled to give way
to his more powerful and more aristocratic neigh-
bor, who prospered upon thejabor of his slaves,
until all the valuable lands of the South were
owned by comparatively a ifew persons. If these
estates are not divided in the renovation of that
region, they will soon 'be taken up under our tax
antf confiscation laws by a class of cormorants
who will awai m thither, hoping to amass fortunes
by a system of wages-slavery as much to be de-
plored as chattel-slavery. This class will seek to
take advantage of the ignorant slave suddenly
made free, and will require of him excessive
labor, with inadequate compensation.
Experience has already shown that negroes
suffer as much under avaricious lessees who are
determined to suddenly amass wealth by raising
cotton as they did under their former masters.
This evil of land monopoly and speculation has
become so great in Louisiana that General Banks
was compelled recently to issue an order sus-
pending all sales of real estate in the Gulf depart-
ment belonging to rebels. In that department
reliable authority states that the system of leas-
ing lands adopted is but afeeblesubstituteforthe
barbaiism of slavery; temporary, I hope, bi\t if
persisted in, and continued for any,great, length
of time, the dominion of the northern speculator
over the freed men will be as complete and more
cruel than slavery itself, which in some degree
ameliorates the condition of its victims through
the interest of the tyrant, who wishes to preserve
the health of the slave that he may continue to
exact from him unrequited labor. All efforts to
destroy the institution of slavery will be futile if
General Order No.23, of February 3 last, relating1
to the treatment of freedmen in the Gulf depart-
ment, is to become the permanent policy of the
Government.
Shall we establish in this Republic a system of
serfdom at the very time when the Czar of Rus-
sia is emancipating the serfs in all his dominions
from the power of their feudal lords, and grant-
ing them absolute possession and ownership of
the soil they have cultivated and continue to cul-
tivate? We hail with joy this act of a monarch
which raises millions to the condition of freedom,
and empowers a populous people to enter upon
the road of progress. Let us at least keep pace
with Russia in our treatment of those who labor.
I hope that the Bureau of Emancipation will soon
be organized, and that it may remedy these evils.
But no permanent cure can be effected except by
the adoption of some permanent system looking^
to the division of these immense estates among
those who till them, and who by every rule of
justice are entitled to the fruits of their labor.
This bill provides that these lands for a period
of five years shall be set aside for the soldiers of
the Republic, those serving two years being en-
titled to eighty acres, and those serving for a less
period of time forty acres.
Every good Government is just and generous
to its soldieis; none more than ours. We have
paid and are paying most liberal bounties to those
who volunteer in defense of the Union. We have
granted lands to all those who have heretofore
fought our battles. We at*e now paying larger
pensions to those disabled and to the survivois
of those who have died in the service than any
Government on earth. Shall we continue this
liberal policy toward those who fight in defense
of the country and its flag? The brave men who
have left their fires ides and their families, and have
dared all,endured all,and sacrificed all that their
country might live,deserve from that country all
of reward that it is possible to give. What greater
boon have we for our soldiers than a homestead
in a genial climate and upon a luxuriant soil, in
the very neighborhood of their sacrifices and their
triumphs?
This division should be made not onlyas an act
of justice to the soldier, but as a matter of policy.
After we have subdued by force of arms the peo-
ple of the rebellious States, there will be still
lurking a strong opposition to the Government.
Guerrilla bands will be organized to destroy prop-
erty and harass loyal men. Who can so well or-
ganize for defense as the veterans trained by long
service in the field ?
Again, these missionaries of liberty will carry
with them that spirit of freedom early taught them,
and intensified by the sacrifices they have made
in its maintenance. Northern thrift and independ-
ence will thus be substituted for ignorance -and
indolence. Free schools and churches will take
theplaceofslave-pensand whipping-posts. Labor
will be dignified, being no longer servile. The
great body of the people will become producers
as well as consumers; manufactures will be en-
couraged, the arts will flourish; villages, towns,
and cities will spring up in the now obscure local-
ities. The people will become homogeneous, our
internal and external commerce will be increased,
and with it enhanced the wealth and glory of the
nation.
This bill makes no distinction on account of
color or race; it recognizes the equal right of all
who have faithfully served in our armies to avail
themselves of its benefits. We give all the same
privilege to procure a homestead, acquire prop-
erty, and enjoy the fruits of industry that wc have
hitherto claimed for ourselves.
Free negroes in many of the southern States
have always enjoyed this right. We cannot ex-
pect that emancipation will in a moment destroy
the vices engendered by long years ofhumiliation
and oppression* Because they have been de-
graded for centuries shall we continue to oppress
them in the name of liberty* Our Croveuuuent
