ME CONGRESSIONAL -GLOBE.
June 20,
nations be upon It? What judgment will the civil-
ized world pronounce if we declare that with a hun-
dred and fifty thousand black troops and more
than a million of white men now in the field, we
are unable to maintain ourselves without forcing
info the service some fifteen or twenty thousand
of the remnant of thisrace who have been brought
into the condition in which they are by us? I
forbear, Mr. President, to anticipate that judg-
ment by saying what I suppose it must be.
But the ground upon which I refuse to concur
in the proposition offered by the honorable mem-
ber from Missouri is that as things now are, under
the Constitution as it is and according to the well-
settled policy of the Government, we have no au-
thority to force these Indians into the service.
A word now upon the amendment suggested
by the honorable member from Wisconsin, which
is to permit them to be received as volunteers. I
have no doubt they may benow. The acts which
authorize the bringing into the service of the Uni-
ted States of troops up to the limit to which the
Government is authorized to call do not say that
they are to be white men; they may be Indians
or anybody else. The ship that comes crowded
with emigrants to-morrow, capable of making
good soldiers; they, withoutdesigning to become
citizens and without expressing a design to be-
come citizens as a condition of your receiving
them into the service of the United States, may
be received as volunteers just as legally as the
native citizen. And if we can receive the foreign-
ers fiom all pat ts of the civilized world who are
here and who may offer their services, why can
we not icceivethe Indian? There is but one dif-
ference between them, and that, if 1 may so ex-
press myself, is amoral difference. It consists
in the fact thatpeihaps the judgmuntof the woild
and the judgmcntof the reflecting part of ourown
people would be that it was hazardous to bring
into the field troops of this description who fight
with the tomahawk.
Mr. GRIMES. Have you any objection to
their being; used against the Indians who are
lighting us in the Northwest?
Mr. JOHNSON. Yes, I object to their being
used as soldieis at nil, for any purpose. The
honorable member from Missouti has given us a
statement of an outrage committed by the rebels.
1 hope it i.s somewh.u exaggeiated, though it may
be true, for Heaven knows that euoimities have
been perpetrated on both sides. Hut he. seems to
suppose tHat because these enormities are perpe-
trated it justifies biinging the Indians into the
sei vice of the United States, although in all prob-
ability they will be found perpetrating like enor-
mities.
Mr. BROWN. Permit me to say to the Sen-
ator from Maryland that on the contrary 1 ex-
pressly disclaimed any such idea at the tune; but
i stated that if it were designed to show an offset,
there would be justification for it. These Indians
that are spoken of ate not savages; they are, most
of them, just as capable of being drilled ay sol-
diers as any of the persons who '•are taken up
under the conscription law htne; and it is simply
proposed that they, equally with everybody else,
shall come in and furnish their quota afc they draw
their pensions fiom the Government.
Mr. JOHNSON. I know the honorable mem-
bei ftom Missouii well enough to be satisfied that
he would not justify the employment of Indians i
if they weio'found perpetiating, or it was thought j
they would be found perpetrating enormities such 1
ns the repmi he lead piesmbed, because of the j
perpetration of like enormities on the other side, j
Bui how are you going to employ them ? What i
Indians are you going to select? The proposi- j
turn is to take them by draft. I
Mr. BROWN. I would suggest to the Sena- !
tor fiom Maryland that there is a large expedi-
tion now against the Stoux Indians in which the
forc< s of the United States arc engaged.
Mr. JOHNSON. I know.
Mr. BROWN. There are now some five thou-
sand Navajos on the pay-roll of the Government '
of the United States, fed by the Government, I
domgn-uhin^jliving in idleness in NewMexico. |
Mr. JOHNSON. The honorable memberdid i
not undei stand what 1 intended to say when he
interrupted me. fie said to me thatagreatmany
of these Indians were civilized. I admit jt; but
a gieat many aie not. If you apply the drafting
system to them what security is there that you
will not draft the savage instead of the civilized?
If I am told that they are to be employed as
against savages, and to use the tomahawk only
when they meet savages like themselves in bat-
tle, do you think that if they happen to meet other
than savages they will stop to inquire whether it
is proper to use the tomahawk or not?
Mr.'BROWN. Does the Senator understand
the tomahawk to he one of the arms in use in the
Army of the United States?
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly, but it is a weapon
which will be used by Indians, and it is not a bit
worse than the weapon the confederates are using,
the bowie-knife; and one enormity produces an-
other. Devastating as the war has been, filling
as it has done the land with misery, carrying
agony into so many households, in the name of
God I trust that we shall adopt no policy which
looks to its being conducted upon any other prin-
ciples than those principles which, according to
the modern laws of war, in a manner humanize
such conflict.
Mr. WILSON. I hope, Mr. President, the
Senator from Missouri will withdraw thisamend-
ment. It is doubted by many Senators whether
we have the power to do what he proposes, and
it is doubted by many whether, if we have the
power, we ought to exercise it. I think the de-
bate shows that this amendment ought not to be
pressed, and I hope the Senator will withdraw
it. I think the Government, under the general
laws for the laising of troops, can enlist Indians
that are fit to be enlisted, and use them for such
service as it deems proper in the Indian country.
1 trust the amendment will be withdrawn, and
that we shall come to a vote upon the bill.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 concur entirely with the
suggestion of the Senator from Massachusetts on
this subject. I confess that I gicatly doubt the
authority of the United States to constrain mem-
bers of Indian tribes within our limits to do mil-
itary duty for the United States. I certainly do
not wish to be driven to a vote on that very deli-
cate question. It seems to me, sir, that we have
too many treaties with the Indian tribes to leave
the question very doubtful whether or not the
Indian tubes aie, in the sense of the laws of na-
tions, independent nations. As to the Govern-
ment of the United States, they are regaided as
meiely the waids of the nation, and subject to
and entitled to our protection as their superior or
suzeuun. 1 do not wish in the face of the world,
although our necessities are great, to present such
a question as this, whether we shall constrain the
subjects of Indian tribes, without the consent of
their baibarous government, their chiefs, to do
military duty in our behalf. Certainly, the
amend ment offered by the Senator from Missouri
contemplates the coerciveemployment of Indians
in the military service, not leaving it to the op-
tion of then chiefs or their own option whether
they will serve us or not.
I will say further, now that I am up, that I
have no huart for the employmentof Indian sav-
ages in our w,!is. We aie not yet driven, as I
think, to the necessity of asking the alliance of
the tomahawk even against the baibansms of the
rebels. I shall wait long and patiently and anx-
iously befoie I shall give my vote to associate
the tomahawk of the savage with the musket and
the sword of honorable, civilized Ohiistian war.
Mi. BROWN. I would ask the Senator from
Michigan whether they have not some Indians
from ins Srate already in the service of the Uni-
ted States?
Mr. HOWARD. I will answer the Senator:
I believe that we ha\e; but it is my duty lo say i
at the same time that a very large proportion of i
the Indians within the limits of the State of Mich-
igan are not subject to the tubal government,
and that the most of them are freemen and citi-
zens of that State and actual voters at the polls.
So far as I am informed and as I believe, a vast
tnajotiTy, not to say the whole of the Oiluwas
and Chippewas, to whom tiic Senator has alluded,
are citizens of the State of Michigan, and voteis.
Air. McDOUGALL. Air. President, over since
the war b< tween the colonies and Groat P,nta;n
with France for the Fiench possessions in the
North, ever since the time of the expedition to
Fort Pitt, we have employed the services of
friendly Indians as against the Indians employed
on the opposite side. Indians for certain purposes
weie employed in the war of the Revolution,
Friendly Indians were employed in the war of
1812. Friendly Indians have been employed in
ourfrontier wars. When Texas was being t-^arly
overwhelmed by the power of the Comanche^ in
the north, the Texans employed the Lipans as
friendly Indians to aid them as scouts, guides,
and for various purposes to carry on their war
and maintain their own frontier. Friendly In-
dians have been employed in Oregon ^and else-
where for like purposes. Their services have
never been coerced, butthey have been extremely
useful. They were employed in the Black Hawk
war in the Northwest. Their employment for
certain purposes by the Government, I think, can
not be objected to, and particularly in frontier
war. They may be, to a certain extent, almost
necessary. Our war now in Kansas and Arkan-
sas and in the Southwest, and in the Northwest
also, requires probably the employment of In-
dians, and often of organized bands of Indians
with proper officers; and certainly the difficulty
thatoccuired in the Cherokee nation and through-
out the Creek country shows that it was neces-
sary for us, in order to maintain our position in
that part of the Southwest, to give employment
to Indians as against Indians. I believe in the
proper application of such a policy; but I do not
think we have a rightto coerce their services, and.
I think I speak according to the experience of all
gentlemen who know anything of the frontier
when I say that such Indians as favor our Gov-
ernment, being in treaty with us, to whom we
offer service, maintenance in the field, transporta-
tion, and other facilities to join with us, would
be prompt volunteers without bounties or without
any of the extraordinary .provisions we offer to
our own citizens and the negro population of the
South. 1 am in favoi of their employment m and
about their proper uses. They are invaluable for
many purposes as scouts. They are partiru-
huiy valuable with the army of the West, and
have been used to some extent in the army of the
West as scouts and as pioneers, going ahead for
the purpose of finding out the position of the en-
emy. For this nothing like coercive policy is
required. I think that it would be well to express
here as an amendment perhaps to this bill, a di-
rect authorization—so that it shall not be a mere
implied one—a direct authorization to the Gov-
ernment to employ them, 1 know that Indians
whom we employed belonging to the Cherokee^,
oiganized as regiments, were unpaid and olliccrs
were unpaid, and great complaints arose, and it
was because, I think, of some question as to the
proper authorization of the Government to em-
ploy them.
The chairman of the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs, the Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Doolit-
tle,] has prepared an amendment that will meet
my full concurrence, and answer all legitimate
puiposes. I do not think they are people to be
coeiced. Unless they volunteer freely, and go
into our service, their services cannot be relied
upon; it will bo useless legislation. 1 do not
think, myself, we have the authority to coerce
them; I think we have not, as we do not consider
them citizens, and as we have treated with them,
giving them annuities, &c. It would be inconsist-
ent with the policy we have always pursued to-
ward them, and the true law would follow an the
construction of that policy that we have not the
right. I should like, however, to authorize their
employment.
Mr. HOWE. Two things in this debate have
suiprised me a. good deal: one is that there should
be a proposition in the American Senate to con-
script members of Indian nations or tribes. 1 do
not believe, Mr. President, you have any more
legal or moral right to force an Indian into your
armies to fight your battles than you have to
force a Mexican or a Canadian. They owe no
allegiance to your laws; they do not enjoy the
protection of your laws; they are no part of the
people fot whose benefit your Government exists,
and 1 am suipiiced that there should be such a
proposition brought in here.
That does not surprise mc so much as a state-
ment that has been made during the debate, which
is that theie are already a nnmoerof Indians em-
ployed in the Auny of the United States. The
Seiiatoi fiom Kansas, 1 think, stated that there
weie three regiments of Indians that ho knew of
m the West. The Senator from Michigan tells
uj that 'heie are some from hi« State. 1 am not
