1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1141
should not unnecessarily hinder or delay the com-
pany. They therefore piovido that in the exn-
cine of the negative powers already conferred,
the mayor and common council shall not hinder,
delay, or obstruct the construction or operation
of the road. If I supposed it possible that this
negation of authority would apply to a proccss
in law for a violation of the charter of the com-
pany or any of the rights of the city government,
of coursc I would not support for a momentsuch
an exercise of authority on the part of these in-
dividuals; but I cannot conceive for a moment
that it would apply to a case of that kind. The
city would have the power to apply to the courts
to enjoin this company from committing: illegal
or improper acts, and I cannot conceive that the
power of this section would be invoked as against
that application.
Mr. TEN EYCK. There is one idea that oc-
curs to me which 1 will state. Suppose that, in
the construction or use of this road, this company
should occupy a larger portion of the streets of
the city than is provided for by the city charter
in relation to the buildingof edifices and construc-
tion generally in the city; or suppose they should
occupy the streets with their cars,they not being
in use, and suffer them to stand there, thus inter-
fering with public travel, &c., in the city. This
section would prevent the city from taking any
step whatever in order to keep the public streets
and avenues open for public use. I am not fa-
miliar with this matter, and do not intend to take
up time with it. I have already taken more time
than I anticipated by far; but I thought it was a
matter that should be brought to the attention of
the Senate, and 1 now submit it to their consid-
eration.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I have one other amend-
ment to oder. In order to meet the objections
which have been raised that we are incorporating
in this act provisions different from those con-
tained in the other charter, I propose to add at the
'end of the second section what 'I send to the
Chair:
Provided, That ail other corporations in the Dimict of
Columbia heretofore organized for like purposes shall be
suhjeet to pay license as piovidedm this section."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia to move an
amendment in section one, line forty, to strike out
"Tcnth"and insert "Twelfth," and also in line
forty-one to strike out "Tenth" and insert
"Twelfth;" so that the clause will read:
With the privilege of extending: the said branch road at
any time alone iVmth street west, to M street north.along
M stifct noH.li to Twelfth street west, and along Twelfth
stieet west, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRELL. In the same line I move to
strike out the words " to the Washington canal,"
and to insert "and Maryland avenue to the Po-
tomac river."
Mr. JOHNSON. I suggest to the Senator from
Maine that there is now a railroad down Mary-
land avenue.
Mr. GRIMES. This would strike Maryland
avenue at the intersection of Twelfth street, and
that would not bo moie than a hundred yards.
Mr. JOHNSON. It is tu go down to the Po-
tomac.
Mr. MORRILL. On Twelfth street.
Mr. GRIMES. No Twelfth street strikes
Maryland avenue about a hundred yards, I should
think, from the bridge, and the only distance it
would run by the side of the road on Maryland
avenue would be that distance.
Mr. JOHNSON. I wished to know what ef-
fect this would have on the other road. Do you
mean to say that they use the same track the
other road has ?
Mr. MORRILL. No, sir.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then you should say it is
not to interfere with the other road.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TE?^ EYCK. There was one other
amendment that 1 omitted. It is in section sev-
enteen, line eight, after the word "dollars," to
strike out the words "to said company," and to
msert "to be recovered and disposed of as other
fines and penalties in said city."
The object of this amendment is to give the
fine of five dollars for injuring the property of
the railroad to the city instead of to the company.
1 ofl>-r (his amendment because by the section as
it will stand if amended, the party ccmmittingan
injury is to " remain liable, in addition to said
penalty,'for any loss or damage occasioned by
his, her, or their act, as aforesaid." The party
who-commits any injury or damage is liable to
make good all those damages to the company,
and as it now stands gives the five dollars fine in
addition to the company. I see no reason why
they should have that. I think it should go into
the city treasury to help pay the enormous taxes
of the city.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. In order to bring this bill
into harmony with the last railroad bill of the
Senate, I offer the same amendment which I of-
fered then,and which, it will be remembered, was
adopted, and I believe I can have the cooperation
of the Senator from Maine who has chargeof this
bill. It is to add to section fourteen the follow-
ing proviso, which I send to the Chair:
Provided^ That there shall be no regulations excluding
any persons from any car on account of color.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, when the
question was propounded on a former day by the
Senator from Massachusetts to the Committee on
the District of Columbia as a question of law, as
to the power of the existing railroad corporation
in this District to exclude from the ears this class
of people, the response fiom the committee seemed
to be that in law the corporation had no power
to make any such distinction. The Senator from
Maryland, [Mr. Johnson,] whose legal ability is
not only known to the Senate but to the whole
country, seemed by his answer to acquiesce in
that opinion. I made no remark on that occasion;
and I do not profess to submit my judgment
against the judgment of such luminaries 111 the
law as expressed their opinion on that occasion.
I did, however, then internally dissent from any
such idea as a proposition of law. I dissentfiom
it now.
It is true, not being a very industrious man,
perhaps not having cultivated my profession to
the degree that 1 should, I may not be able to form
or express a correct opinion on the question of
law involved; but I do announce it as my settled
judgment, as a man who has humbly essayed the
pathway of the law for twenty years, that that
corporation has the right to have cars forthe trans-
portation of white men and cars for the convey-
ance of lndiansand of negroes; and provided they
supply sufficient accommodation for all classes of
people traveling upon their railway, no possible
claim for damages can arise against them from
the fact that they exclude from certain cars cer-
tain classes of people. If this be not so, I ask why
do you find accommodations in your steamers
crossing the ocean for fust-class, second-class,
and third-class passengers? Why do you find
cars provided on your lailroads for emigrants
called enngiant uus,cars for the accommodation
of ladies accompanied by gentlemen, and cars for
gentlemen not accompanied by ladies ? As a ques-
tion of law, therefore, as it stands now, that cor-
poration,in my judgment, has the powerandthe
legal right to exclude from conveyance upon any
ears which they may designate this class of per-
sons, provided they supply a sufficient number of
ears lor their accommodation.
Thisisaproposition that the corporation which
the bill under consideration proposes to create
shall not have the light to make any such reg-
ulation as this, which, in my judgment, the
existing corporation now have a right to make;
and H presents, therefore, a simple question of
proprieiy addressed to us as legislators. Sir, :
allow me to expiessmysuiprisethatthereshould
be such a strong disposition manifested on the
pai t of white men and the representatives of white
men to rule in ears with negroes. Has uny white
person of the District of Columbia, or any white
person visiting this city been incommoded in the
least fiom the. fact that he has not been seated
alongside of a negro m any one of these cars?
Has any gentlemanj any man who was born a
gentleman, or any man who has the instincts of
a gentleman, felt himself degraded fiom the fact
that he \^is not honored by a seat by the side of
some free negro? Has any lady in the United
States feltheiseif aggrieved from the fact that she i
was not honored with the company of Miss Di- j
nah or Miss Chloe o~ boani these cars? !
Whence, then, comes this complaint? Doesifc
come from that great ruling class, not only in this
country but throughout the world, to whom na-
ture and nature's God have given superiority of
intellect, and superiority in all the elements that
go to constitute the most perfect manhood? Does
it come from one of those beings who, forgetting
the position which nature and nature's God have
given him, chooses to thrust himself into associa-
tions where he knows that his company is not
wanted? Or does it come from that sickly senti-
mentality which, in its progress, has done so much
to degrade human character in this country, and
wh ich sen timentality is to be cultivated as a politi-
cal element?
Sir, the only complaint that has ever been heard
in this District, according to my information in
reference to this subject,is thatsome black fellow
who thought himself clothed in a little brief au-
thority, and worea surgeon's insignia, presumed
to intrude himself into a car and was turned out.
Has there been any other complaint in this Dis-
trict? Has there been a single petition from the
white inhabitants of this District, or from the
white people of the United States visiting this
District, that that company does not afford the
facilities and accommodations thatare necessary?
Not one, sir. That single case standsout solitary
and alone, and constitutes the powerful appeal
that comes up to the American Senate and invokes
them to make sqme legal provision to remedyan
evil which it is suggested exists.
What, therefore, is the reason for your legis-
lation? What is the appeal addressed to the Amer-
ican Senate asking for any such provision as this
to be incorporated in a bill proposed to be en-
acted by the American Senate? Sir, let the coun-
try know, let it even go home to Massachusetts
and to Boston,whose ideas seem to be controlling
the legislation of this country, and who seem to
be running the machine of Government at the
present time, that no appeal has ben made to
the American Senate or the Congress of the Uni-
ted States for any such legislation as this. Let
it go forth to the country that if you adopt this
amendmentyoudoitfrom no consideration of any
existing grievance; you do it upon no petitio-n of
any white man or any white woman of the United
States; you do it simply on account of a letter
written by a negro and read in the Senate of the
United States on a former occasion. That is the
only basis for your proposed legislation.
Sir, I know that I am considered ultra in ref-
erence to my views upon all these questions; but,
as I have taken occasion to say before, the men
who so persistently attempt an all occasions to
introduce measures which in their very nature
are calculated to bring about social and political
equality among the races, and which are seized
hold of by the subordinate race and cause them
to believe that that is the intent and meaning of
our legislation, aie not the true friends of that
subordinate race. If your schemes could be car-
ried out, if you could accomplish your purposes, if
you could bring about the establishment of your
ideas legislative and social as the controlling ideas
of this country, fifty years would not pass away
before the truthful historian would record that
the worst enemies of that subjcct race were your-
selves. Under the control, under the govern-
ment, and under the superintendence of "the su-
perior race, they have prospered, and they have
been happy beyond the experience of any class of
people of inferior character that this wotld's his-
tory has shown in the past; but, sir, carry out
your ideas, once bring them into that position
your legislation contemplates, and the mournful
story which we i end of the poor Indian, who, from
contact with the white race, has almost become
extinct, will be theirs.
Sir, I do not propose to extend this idea; but I
wish here and now, in my place jn the Senate of
the United States,andasan AmencnnSenutor,to
say that m my judgment all such legislation and
all attempts at the establishment of such ideas ar«
a war against nature and nature 'cs Gcd. 1 go forth
into the majestic forest and I see the groat oak
spreading its branches to the s ky, so that the birds
of heaven may rest and ehfrp their songs securely
and happily withm its boughs, immediately
alongside of it Isee the humble sapling that neier
was destined by nature or by nature's God to be-
come Jig equal of that oak. Some man, question-
ing the wisdom of Providence, may -say " W hy did
