2118
THE CONGEESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 5,
that the steamships offered for the service shall
be constructed of the best materials and after the
most approved model, with all the modern im-
provements adapted for sea-going steamships of
the first class; and shall, befo.re their approval
and acceptance by the Postmaster General, be
subject to inspection and survey" by an expeii-
eneed naval constructor, to be detailed for that
purpose by the Secretary of the Navy, whose re-
port shall be made to the Postmaster General.
The two Governments are to be entitled to have
transported, free of expense, on each and every
steamer, a mail agent to take charge of and arrange
the mail matter, to whom suitable accommoda-
tions for that purpose are to be assigned. Incase
of failure from any cause to perform any ofthe reg-
ular monthly voyages stipulated for m the con-
tract, a pro rata deduction is to be made from the
compensation on accountof such omitted voyage
or voyages; and suitable fines and penalties may be
imposed for delays and irregularities in the regu-
lar performance of the service according to con-
tract; and the Postmaster General is to have the
power to determine the contract at any time, in
case of its being underlet or assigned to any other
party.
The mail steamships employed in the service
authorized by this act are to be exempt from all
port charges and custom-house dues at the port
of departure and arrival in the United States; but
a similar immunity from port charges and cus-
tom-house dues is to be granted by the Govern
ment of Brazil.
The amendment of the committee was in sec-
tion two, line six, after the word "contract" to
insert " with the lowest responsible bidder*," so
that the clause will read:
That the Posimaater Genernl be, and he Is hureby, an
tborized to invite proposals for said mail steamship ser-
vice by public advertisement, for the period of sixty days,
in  nc or more newspapers published in the cities of Wash-
ington, Batuinoie, Philadelphia, New York, and Ronton,
respectively, and to contract with the lowest responsible
bidder.
The amendment was agreed to.
The hill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I really know so little
about the necessity for this bill that I do not feel
justified in undertaking to oppose it from any
particular objection that i have to it; but it does
seem to me that this is a wrong time to be initi-
ating an enterprise of thischaracter—to undertake
to establish a line of ocean steamers, to the sup-
port of which the Government is to contribute m
this time of war, when we need ail the funds we
ran raise to support our armies and maintain the
Government. I repeat, this seems to me to be an
inopportune time to embark in an enterpuso of
this character. 1 remember very well that the
Government of the United States undertook to
support, or to aid in the support, of a lino of
steamers across the ocean for a time. I did not
know that this bill was coming up this morning,
and l have not looked to see what amount of
money the Government of the United .States ex-
pended in undei taking to maintain a line of ocean
steamers to cross the Atlantic, but it would
amount to quite a large sum I am sure, probably
to sevcial millions, and 1 should like to ask, for
what good? I hope the honorable Senator from
Vennont. who has chaige of this bill, and has
broughtitin here to be passed at this time, will tell
us what benefit the Government of the United
Statesevei derived from the hundreds of thousands
and millions of dollars that it paid to the Collins
line,and other steamship lines, to cross the ocean.
If it was a good enterpiise, a proper expenditure
of money even in a time of peace, why have we
abandoned it? Why did we not continue to pay
these subsidies for the purpose of keeping that
line of steamers, and keep up the communication
to Liverpool, where ourmtercourse is far greater
than it is with the South American Stales, or
with ftio de Janeiro, to which point 1 believe the
steamers are to run ?
1 should like to know some better reason than
I do know for supporting this bill. It is a mat-
ter of some importance. It is initiating a policy
which will be likely to call for further appropri-
ations. We all know if we begin with an ap-
propriation of §150,000 to support this line of
steamships, and it is found after a year or two
that they arc unable to getaiong with the $150,000
appropriated by Congiesa, they will come here
and ask Congress for another $*150,000, or for
such a sum as will enable them to continue this
line.
Mr. GRIMES. This is only one of several.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was not aware of that.
The Senator from Iowa tells me this is but the be-
ginning of a system; it is but one branch of what
is proposed to be inaugurated at the present ses-
sion. It seems to me this is not the proper time
for the inauguration of this policy. I hope the
Senator from Vermont who has charge of this bill
will explain it to the Senate, that we may know
what the necessity for this measure is, and the
propriety of its adoption at this time.
Mr. COLLAMER. If any gentleman desires
to know the full extent of this subject in all its
bearings, and is willing to take the time that is
necessary to the understanding ofit, he will hardly
be willing to listen to me long enough to tell that
story. If the gentleman has notalready received,
I am prepared to put into his hands, if he pleases,
the materials by wfnch he will be enabled to in-
form himself fully on this subject. I would par-
ticularly commend to his reading the report of
the Chamber of Commerce of the city of New
York. I do not know that the gentleman has
received it. If he has, I presume he has not had
time to examine it. It is full and exhaustive of
this subject.
I did not intend nor expect to enter upon the
discussion of this subjectat large. 1 did notsup-
pose the Senate would desire to t^ke the time
which would be necessary to the understanding
of this subject to enter upon it atlarge, but ifthey
are 1 will endeavor to state as briefly as I can
what is the condition of it.
In the first place, gentlemen must understand
that the commerce of the world has received in a
a great measure new channels of intercourse by
the invention ofsteamships, and further, that those
lines of steamships have been established by sub-
sidies from the British Government, the French
Government, and the Spanish Government.
There is a huge number of these steam lines. It
is not necessary that 1 should go into the history
ofthe whole of them. The first of them came to
the United States, of which the Cunard line re-
mains. There is a line running fi om Southamp-
ton to St. Thomas in the West Indies, from which
point—St. Thomas—there are ten lines to the
United States and differentpoints on the coast of
America; one of them to the very pomtmentioned
in this bill, Rio de Janeiro. The English have
also a line running up the Mediterranean, one up
the Baltic, one down to the Cape of Good Hope,
and then through to the East Indies,and one line
upon the west coast of South America, all sub-
sidized by their Government. By meansof these
steamship lines they havo grasped into their hands,
commanded, and monopolized almost the whole
valuable trade of the world.
With these lines sailing ships cannot compete;
and no private company can set up any line to
compete with those which are subsidized by the
British Government. Therefore, one of two
things is true: we must entcrin some degreeupon
this policy, as we can best bear it, or our com-
merce with the woild censes; our commeice upon
which we have prided ourselves as the child of
American enterprise, which has extended to every
country and whitened every ocean with our sails,
after all turns out to be a failure; British policy
has undermined it. Time will not permit me to
enter into the particulars of this. Such are my
general views.
i When we entered some years ago upon the
! policy of subsidizing a line of steamois to South-
J umpton, and fiom theie to Havre, and then to
! Bremen, and the Collins line, although they were
' paid extravagant prices, they were successful ef-
1 forts. The gentleman asked me why we aban-
, doncd the payment of those subsidies. I can tell
him plainly. It was abandoned by the votes of
, the representatives of the southern part of the
\ United States, who thought it was helping the
, commerce of the .North. The commerce of the
country being mostly in the North, and this being
[ essentially necessary to the prosperity of our com-
, merce, at the earliest opportunity they could ob-
! tain, when these contracts expired, by then power
: and influence m tins body and in the other House,
' they broke it down, meaning thereby to cripple
! the commerce of the North, and ejected their
* object.
Such being the state of things, the question is
whether we ought not to begin somewhere to try
to do a little something to benefit our commerce;
and one of the most promising and at the same
time one ofthe simplest enterprises we could en-
ter upon is this proposed line to the empire of
Brazil. In the first place, we areassured that the
Government of Brazil would join us in it. We
cannot secure that assistance with nations gener-
ally. This bill is drawn on the condition that the
Brazilian Government join with us in this enter-
prise. The British line of steamers from South-
ampton to Pernambuco, and from there to Rio de
Janeiro, was established, I think, in 1851. Atthat
time we were in possession of our fair part of the
commerce of Brazil; but within this period of
thirteen years, without having my materials ex-
actly before me, I can say that our exports, to
Brazil amount to almost nothing, whereas the ex-
ports of Great Britain have more than doubled;
and yet we take more than half the whole prod-
ucts of Brazil and pay them the money for them.
We take almost the whole of their coffee, which
is the main article of export, and the balance of
trade is entirely against us. We have to pay for
it. The gentleman's own constituents, who use,
I believe, the Rio coffee—it is used almost entirely
through our western country, a large part of it
going to New Orleans—are compelled to pay the
balance of trade against us there. I have no hesi-
tation in saying that we are the natural suppliers
of the empire of Brazil, and would be with their
help. They are willing to assist, provided we
initiate this species of commerce, which is now
entirely supplied by the Biitish steamers. Al-
though we have a minister and consuls in Brazil,
we can only send a letter there by sending it in a
British steamer to England, and then by a British
steamer from England to Brazil and back again.
All our business is done by that circuitous route.
Wo are entirely overshadowed by these British
lines, and this commerce is monopolized entirely
by these British vessels.
I can produce to the gentleman if he desires it
the exact, statistics showing these facts. This
being a comparatively small enterprise, one in
which we can now secure the aid and assistance
of the Government of Brazil, the bill having been
passed by the House of Representatives by a very
great majority on the statement there presented
by the chairman of the Committee on the Post Of-
fice and Post Roads, and which 1 can presentto the
Senate whenever they choose to give time to it,
I had hoped that upon the whole objection would
not be made to at least beginning and initiating this
small commencement of something or other to re-
deem our commerce from the thralldom in which
it is placed.
Mr.WILKINSON. I wish to offer an amend-
ment to this bill. I have just come in, and did not
know that the bill was before the Senate for con-
sideration. I have not the amendment prepared,
and I therefore move that the bill be postponed
until to-moirow.
The motion was agreed to.
ADMISSION OF NEVADA.
Mr. WADE. The Committee on Territories,
to whom was referied a memorial of the Gov-
ernor and other terntona! officers of the Terri-
tory of Nevada, praying for an amendment of
the act for the admission of that Territory into
the Union, have directed me to report a bill, and
I will ask for its present consideration. It is a
very short matter.
There being no objection, the bill (S. No. 267)
to amend an act entitled " An act to enable the
people of Nevada to form a constitution and State
government, and for the admission of such State
into the Union on an equal footing with the ori-
ginal States," was read twice by its title, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. WADE. The only effect of this bill is to
enable the people of Nevada to act on the ratifi-
cation or rejection of their constitution on the
first Wednesday of September instead of the sec-
ond Tuesday of October, making the election a
month earlier. Their Governor and the princi-
pal officers have requested that it be done. That
is ail there is of the bill. I hope it will be passed
at once.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
leading, lead the third time, and passed.
