3094
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 20,
The yeas and nays being taken, resulted—yeas
24,  mys 12; as follows:
YCAB—Mev^r*. Chandler, Clark, Collamer, Connes«,
Dixon, Doulirrle, Foot, Foster, Uailan. Hams, Howard,
Lane of Indiana, Lano of Kansas, MeDougall, Moruan,
Pomeroy, Sherman. Spingue, Sumner, Ten Eyek, Van
Winkle. Wade, Willey, and VViUon—24.
NAYS —Messrs. Brown, Buckalew, Catiile, Davis,
Grimes, Hendricks, Jqlinson, Powell, Ramsey, Richardson,
Salisbury, and Wilkinson—12.
AIJSEiVT—Messrs.Anthonv, Cowan, Fessenden, Hale,
Hatdimr, Henderson. Hicks, Howe, Morrill,Nesmith, Rid-
dle, Trumbull, and" Wright—13.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
recurs on the amendment as amended.
Mr. WILSON. ! hope we shall reject it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yens and nays were ordered.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have but a word to say be-
fore the vote is taken. The reason why i shall
vote against, tho proposition of the Senator from
Missouri on legal grounds I have stated already;
but this presents a different question. I have no
doubt that these I ndiaus may be received into the
service of the United States; but I think it would
place us in a very bad attitude in the view of other
nations if wo should hero, at this time of day,
when we have a million and a half of lyen in the
field, or liable to go intothe field, puss a law upon
its far** authorizing the Government to call in vol-
unteer Indians. The Indian,as understood abroad,
will not be the civilized Indian as we understand
it; it will be the savage.
The yeas and nays being taken, resulted—yeas
10, nays 20; as follows:
YfciAri—Messrs, Brown, Dool?ttl< ,l  rimes llailan, Lano
of Indiana, Lane ol'Kansas, McDougall, Ponicroy, Ramsey,
and Spiagno—10.
N/\Yh—Messrs. Anthony, Iluckalcw, Cailile, Chuudlci,
Claik, Oollumei, Cowan, Davis Dixon, Foot, Fostei, llai -
ris, llendiiok*, Ilowaul, Johnson, Moigan, Powell, Hich-
arcbon, Riddle, tfaulfbmy, Slieimau, Stunner, Ten Eyek,
Trumbull, Van Winkle, Wade, Wilkinson, Willey, ami
WiNon—-'i9.
AH3I2NT—-Messrs. Conner, Fessenden, Hale. flaidu%
tfcndeivm, Uieks, Howe, Momil, Ne-siuith, and Wiight
— 10.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr, WILSON. I offer an amendment to the
bill, to insert as a now flection:
be it faithcr cnuclc'l, Th it every person who Mhall
be dialled and who shall serve honorably lor tin: penodof
one i car shall receive a bounty of ^100, to be paid upon
his Uiselmi^e I rum the mm viee ; and eveiv per.-on (halted,
who shall bu honotahly di-eliaijjcd ailei a temi oi seiviee
le.-s than one yeat, shall loeeive a bounty piopuitioued
to his term of setviee, to be e-iiinaiett at the rate herein
pi«?cub<-d tui one yeai's service.
C desire thin section to follow the last, section
of the amendment presented by the Senator from
Vermont, [Mr Ooixamvu,] which has been
agreed to. Mis amendment allows the Govern-
ment to draft for a period not exceeding one year.
This section provides that if such persons are
drafted for a period of one year they shall receive
at the end of their service a bounty of #100. 1
think, in the piesent condition of the country,
when laboring men can emn four or live bundled
dollars a yeat, it will be im inducement to them
to enter tho yeivioe. I think it but just that at
the end of one year's service they should receive
something moie tli,m simply one year's pay; and
I think it will tend to briny: men more readily
into the service of the country.
Mr, GRIMES. I wish to inquire of th^ Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, if, at present, volun-
teers get $100 bounty.
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator now proposes
that when a man does not voiunteei, but holds
buck and compels the Government to draft him,
he shall get exactly the same compensation in the
shape of bounty that is paid to the man who
comes forward voluntarily when he gets his dis-
chaige. I think this amendment ought not to be
adopted.
Mr. WILSON. I will simply say that we offer
a bounty of §100to men to volunteer,and wegive
§100 to drafted men. Wo are receiving, I think,
about one hundred men per week.
Mr. COLLAMER. Permit me to ask the Sen-
ator a question: why do they not pay the com-
mutation that they get at the same rate at which
they receive it—$300—as bounty?
Mr. WILSON, i suppose they will do so. .
Hat we have a law that offers a bounty of $100
to every man who will enlist, regular or volun-
teer, and we have a law that any person who is
drafted and serves for three years shall receive a
bounty of $100. Now, we propose to draft for a
term not exceeding one year, and if a man is
drafted for one year and goes into the service he
receives no bounty atall; nothing but a bare com-
pensation of sixteen dollars a month, and three
dollars and a half for clothing. Sir, almost any
man can earn from fifty to one hundred dollars per
month. Labor is very high, especially skilled
labor in the mechanic arts. What we want is
men, men now.
Mr. JOHNSON. What do" you propose to
allow them ?
Mr. WILSON. I propose that if drafted men
serve their time out, at the end of one year they
shall receive a bounty of $100; if called out for a
less time, they are to get a proportionate portion
of that amount. 1 think the proposition right and
just.
Mr. GRIMES. The argument of the Senator
may be a very good one in favor of increasing the
monthly compensation to be paid to soldiers, but
it seems to me it does not apply at all to this prop-
osition as applicable to the question of conscrip-
tion. He says it is desirable to fill up our Army.
That is true; butare you going to fill itup by giv-
ing just as great a bounty to a conscript as you do
to n man who goes forward voluntarily and en-
lists? Me says there were but one hundred and
twenty-two who volunteered last week or the week
befoie. 1 can assuie him we shall not have one
hundred and twenty-two volunteers m another
week, if tlie man who holds back, and requires the
Government to be at the expense of enrolling and
conscripting him, is to receive exactly the same
compensation in the shape of bounty that is given
to a man who patriotically comes forward of his
own accoid and enlists. What is a bounty? It
is, as I understand it, an inducement to geta man
to do something voluntarily m behalf of the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. CONNESS. A reward. _
Mr. GRIMES. A reward to inducehim to do
willingly that which the Government requires him
to do. And yet it is now proposed to pay to the
man who is conscripted, who will not go into the
service, who requires us to coetce him into the
service in order to perform his duty to the Gov-
ernment, exactly the same compensation that is
paid to tho volunteer.
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President, I do not
know what this enrollment law will be brought
to at last. The prospects, I think, are not very
<:ood now, so far as its purpose and object may
be to put men in tho Army.
I have but a very short argument to make
against, this amendment. Tf the object of this
hill and our object generally is to get soldiers,
and the nation can alford to pay $100 bounty to
the men who are drafted, why not, m place of
giving the volunteers $100, as the law now pro-
vide s, add that $100 that you propose to give to
the drafted man at the end of his petiod of ser-
vice, at the time of his discharge, to the bounty
of volunteers, and change your law so as to give
£200 to each volunteer? If you are going to
spend a given amount of money, spend it to in-
duce men to enter your Army, and render a draft
unneeessaiy.
What becomes of the proposition, which no
man questions, that the citizen owes service to
the Government? Are you to still further attack
that proposiuon, which is the moral one lying at
the base of all this matter of getting an arfhy, by
surgar-coating it with an expenditure of £100 at
the period of discharge of a diafted man?
I surest and advise the honorable chairman
of the Committee on Military Affairs to add the
amount of money proposed to be eiven by this
amendment to the amount to be offered as a re-
ward for soldiers who are willing to volunteer.
Aie you going to reduce the period of service to
one year, fill up your Army with raw men, and
then bankrupt yourself iu addition by giving §100
to each man, as an inducement, I suppose, that
he will not desei t? I hope, sir, that this amend-
ment will find no favor in the Senate. Of all the
lavish propositions that have yet been made in
connection with the obtainment of men to carry
on this war, there is none, it appears to me, so
baseless, so without results, as this would be if
stfoDted.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, when the war
commenced the people of the country with a great
zeal and patriotism rushed into the ranks of the
Army, and during the first year of the war more
than seven hundred thousand men enlisted into
the military service of the United States. That
was an immense cull upon the labor of the coun-
try. At the same time the war depressed nearly
all kinds of business, and wages were low
throughout the country. We paid these men
who enlisted into the service thirteen dojiars per
month and a bounty of $100 for three years. We
found after one year that it would be necessary
to make laws to draft men to serve the country
in the field. Under all the laws for raising men,
we have mustered into the service from the be-
ginning of the war to this time seventeen or eigh-
teen hundred thousand men, averaging three
years' service. We hdve to-day an immense force
in the field, a force that occupies vast spaces of
territory, almost a continent. We are occupy-
ing and holding possession of vast spaces of the
couritry, covering more territory than at any other
period; and never did the cause of the country
look so hopeful as now. Sir, I have faith in the
speedy triumph of our two great armies now in
the heart of the,rebellion, the army of Grant at
Richmond and tfie army of Sherman in Georgia.
We ought to send to those armies all the men
that can be spared from every quarter of the coun-
try; and I suppose the Government is doing it.
Now, sir, at the present day labor of all kinds
receives on an average nearly three times the re-
ward that it received three years ago. Many of
the mechanics of the country are earning from
seventy-five to a hundred dollars a month, and
almost any laboring man can earn fifty dollars a
month. We are asking men to enlist into the
service for three years. We are offering them a
bounty of $100 to enlist; but they do not enlist
for that sum. Some of the States are offering
bounties of more than $300, and townships and in-
dividuals are adding to that amount, and still at
the present time we are enlisting but very few
men. We have undertaken to draft for about
70,000 men. Last October we called for 300,000
men. That included, however, all the men that
had enlisted from the 26th of May, 18G3. We
then called for 500,000men in February; but that
500,000 included the 300,000 of October, and made
an aggregate call of half a million men. Then
we called for 200,000 men in March, making an
aggregate call of 700,000 men from the 26th day
of May, 1863, to the present time. Those men
have been raised. Someof the States have raised
in the aggregate about 90,000 more men than
were called for. Other States have failed to the
amount of about 60,000. The returns of the draft
ordered are in for 28,000 men who have been drafted,
and of that number we hold about 15,000. About
4,400 men are held, 3,000 furnish substitutes,
and 8,400 pay the commutation. The draft gives
so far more than fifty per cent, of all the men drafted,
an immense improvement on the draft of last year,
owing to the amendments of the law during this
session.
But it is said that law is not bringing us all tho
men we ought to have. I admit it; but at the
same time I believe if we reduce the time to one
year, and give a reasonable bounty to the men
who are drafted to go into the service at the end
of the year, we can raise all the men we want to
raise without repealing the commutation. I be-
lieve no more odious act could be done by this
Congress than to say to thecountry, " We make
a draft; we repeal the commutation clause; we
will compel every man to go himself or furnish a
substitute." With these calls for eighteen hun-
dred thousand men that have been so patriot-
ically responded to by the people, with the im-
mense pressure that is made upon the country by
the various interests of the country for labor, it
will be distasteful to the country to repeal the
§300 commutation. If you undertake to enforce
such a draft, if you say to the men they shall go
into the service for three years, and shall not pay
any commutation, you will have a great deal of
dissatisfaction all over the country. But, sir, if
you fix the period of service at one yearand than
draft, I believe you can fill your armies easily and
rapidly and as fast as they are needed.
I do not make this proposition because of the
needs of the country at the present time, or be-
cause it may be thought that we are driven to the
