1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1143
Mr. ASHLEY. I suggest a further amend-
ment. As the rule now reads, the member must
be within the bar when the question is put; it
should bo when the member's name is called.
Mr. WASHBURNR, of Illinois. That will
make the proposition of the committee just as they
wish it, and I accept it as a modification of my
proposition. 1 am in favor of the first proposi-
tion. Itwillmake the members more punctualin
their attendance, and save a great deal of the time
of the House. I move to strike out the last sen-
tence of the rule and add these words: " not even
by unanimous consent."
Mr. PRUYN. The idea that the House, even
by unanimous consent, cannot permit a thing to
lie done within the scope of its duty is absurd.
The rules arc made for the guidance of the busi-
ness of the House and for the protection of the
minority. Now, to claim that the House cannot,
by unanimous consent, at any time, and at any
stage of the proceedings, do anything it has the
power to do under the Constitution, is a perfect
absurdity m terms. No such expression should
be embraced in our rules.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. We already
have a rule which embraces the same provision.
During the morning hour of every alternate Mon-
day nothing can be brought in even by unanimous
consent.
Mr. PRUYN. That is equally absurd, and it
is impossible that such a rule as that can really
exist as a rule which the House cannot on the
moment rescind.
Mr. PENDLETON. Does tins reach mem-
bers of committees who may be absent by leave
of the House ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. There is
another rule which governs that matter, and this
docs not interfere with it.
Mr. PRUYN. I move to amend the report by
striking out the words " not even by unanimous
consent."
Mr. WASHBURNE,of Illinois. That would
leave the rule exactly as it is. It was my sug-
gestion that the House might pass upon the two
propositions. I think the first proposed amend-
ment would save the House a great deal o.f trouble,
and would conform the action of the House to the
universal practice as it was up to the last session
of Congress. Up to that Congress I never knew
of an instance where a man was permitted to vote
by unanimous consent when he was not within
the bar when his name was called.
Mr. RADFORD. I move to lay the proposed
amendment on the table.
Mi. COX. Will not that carry the whole prop-
osition to the table?
The SPEAKER. Only the first proposition.
The Chair will say that the following language
has been suggested to be incorporated in the rule:
And if he respond in the nesativi! the Speaker shall not
enleitain a proposition to pmmt him lo vote.
Mr. WASIIHURNE, of Illinois. I will accept
that modification.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope the gentleman from
New York [Mi. Radfohdj will allow me to ask
a question Ijefoie his motion is put.
Mr. RADFORD. ! withdraw my motion.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to know of the chair-
man of the committee whether that first proposi-
tion would not exclude members absent on leaver
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I suppose
not,, because there is another rule of the House
which gives to all members absent with leave the
right to vote.
Mr. STEVENS. This proposition would re-
peal th;it iule.
The SPEAKER, The Chair would state that
the Ufnue of the House is to allow all members of
committees, absent with leave, to vote the same
as if they were within the bar, as they are absent
by authority of the House. This does not in-
clude conference committees, unless they are au-
thorized to sit during the sittings of the House.
Mr. STEVENS. Would the Chair construe
this amendment so as to exclude members absent
on committees on leave?
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not under-
stand that it would exclude them
Mr. PENDLETON. 1 desire to call the atten-
tion of the Speaker and of the gentleman^ from
Illinois to the rule upon this subject. I wish es-
pecially the attention of the Speaker to it before
he decides that he will not hold that this new rule
will not exclude members of committees absent
with leave from voting. The rule has been read
which applies to mernbers being within the bar
of the House. The only other rule upon the sub-
ject is that found upon the 51st page of the Man-
ual, and which provides that committees shall
not sit during the sessions of the House without
special leave. That is the only provision under
which it has been held that members of commit-
tees sitting with leave during the sessions of the
House have a right to vote. If this proposed
amendment be passed ■
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the gen-
tleman will yield to me, I will modify the amend-
ment by inserting the'words " unless absent by
leave."
Mr. PENDLETON. That meets my objection.
Mr. STEVENS. That satisfies me, and I will
vote for the proposition.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the pro-
posed amendment as it now stands.
The Clerk read, as follows:
And if he lespomls iu the negative, the Speaker shall not
entertain a pinposition to permit him to vote; hut this pro-
vision shall not apply to such members asaie absent by
leave of the House.
Mr. MALLORY. Here are two distinct prop-
ositions made by the committee, either of which
the House may adopt. One is to allow every
member to vote before the result is announced by
the Speaker, if he comes in and claims the right;
the other is to allow none to vote who are not
present when their names arc called, unless they
were absent by leave of the House. 1 am in favor
of the first proposition. The reason is obvious:
two members are absent from the House on busi-
ness. Mr. Alley, for instance, who stands near
the head of the list, and is a little lame, cannot
gut in until after his name is called. The gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Wa&iiburne,] who is
low down on the list, and is a very active man,
as we all know, can come in when sent fur long
beforp his name is reached on the roll-call; but
Mr. Alley cannot, limping along, get m before
his name is called. This rule would establish an
inequality which I do not like. 1 only wished
to assign this as a reason why I think the last
suggestion to the committee on rules should be
adopted and not the first. My friend from Ohio
[Mr. Cox] also stands early on the list, and is
very active, and he can get in here in time to vote
if sent for.
Mr. COX. I am in favor of the Inst proposi-
tion of the committee on rules, because I have
seen its operation in the Senate, ^and 1 think it
will work well. If every member is allowed to
vote before the result is announced there will be
a fuller and larger representation of the people
on every question, and no harm can comc of it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would remind the
House that there are two propositions reported
by the committee on rules. If this one shall be
voted down, then a vote will be taken on the
other, the one a Mowing all members to vote on any
question brfore the result is announced.
Mr. RADFORD. I now renew the motion to
lay the proposition on the table.
Mr. ANCONA called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; *and Messrs. Radford,
and Washburne of Illinois, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 59, noes 59.
Mr. THOMAS. I a k that my vote be counted
in the affirmative instead of m the negative.
Mr. WASH HURNE, of Illinois. His too late;
the tellers have reported.
Mr. ANDERSON. Mr. Speaker, count me
J'Vhe SPEAKER. The Chair has no authority
to count anybody, the tellers having repoiicd.
As the vote is close the Chair will ask the tellers
to resume their places and have a recount.
Mr. WASHUURNE, of Illinois. I demand
the ycaw and nays on the motion to lay the prop-
osition upon the table.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the aflhmative—yeas 70, nays 59; as follows:
vr: \S-'~ itfe.vt- Jatiie-; C- Allen, Alley, Ancona, ArK'Icl,
Heasn.in. Fianei? l\ Bi.iiJ, Jacob Ji. Wmr, CUjxijHm,
Clnv. Co\'.      Eden, Eldi idse, Gar-
field.'Gooe!), (Jiinnell. Ctiswnld, II.tie, Llali, Uatdnis, Uar-
lingron. Ch;nl<^ M. liairn, iiejrick, liotchkiv-, Ka^on,
Kelley, Keinan, Knapp, L.iw, Long. Mailory Mai ey. Mc-
Alfister, MeDou'eli. MoKinnev. Midulcton.W llUaui II. Mil-
ler, Morrison, Nublc, Charles O'Neill, John O'Neill, Pen-
dleton, Pruyn, Radford, Samuel J. Randall, Alexander H.
ltice, John H, Rice, Ross, Schenck, Sconeld, Stebbins,
John B. Steele, William G. Steele, Stiles, Strouse, Stuart*
Sweat, Thayer, Thomas, Tracy, Van Valkenburgh, Voor-
hees, Wadsworth, Webster, Whaley, Wheeler^ and Tea-
man—70.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, John I). Bald-
win, Baxter, Blow, Boutwell, Boyd, Brai)degee,Broomall,
Cobb, Cole, Creswell, Henry Winter Davis, Thomas T.
Davis, Dawes, Donnelly, Duinont, Eckley, Eliot, Faros-
worth, Fenton, Higby, Holman, Hooper, Hulburd, Julian/
Francis W. Kellogg, Orlando Kellogg, Longycar, Marvin,
McBride, McClurg, Mclndoe, Samuel F. Miller, MorrHI,
Daniel Morris, Amos Myers, Leonard Myers, Norton, Orth,
Patterson, Perham, Pike, Price, Shannon,Smith, Sinithers,
Spalding, Starr, Stevens,Upson,Ehhu B. Washburne, Wil-
liam B. Washburn, Williams, Wilder, Wilsou, Windom,
and Woodbndge—59.
So the proposition was laid upon the table.
The SPEAKER. The committee on rules re-
port the following proposition:
In rule 29, strike out all after the word "House" to the
end of the rule, and insert in lien thereof, " before the re-
sult of the vote was announcedso that the rule will read:
No member shall vote on any question m the event of
which he is immediately and particularly interested, or in
any ease when he was not within the bar of the House be-
fore the lesult of the vote was announced.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is not that the rule now?
The SPEAKER. No; the amended rule will
give, as a matter of right, all members the privi-
lege of voting at any time before the result of the
vote is announced.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to lay the proposi-
tion upon the table; and upon that motion I de-
mand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Morrill
and Morrison were appointed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. This prop-
osition would accomplish nothing. A member
could vote by unanimous consent, just as under
the present rule.
The SPEAKER. No; the rule, asit now stands,
requires unanimous consent for a member to vote
if he be without the bar when his name is called.
The amended rule will give a member a right to
vote at any time before the result is announced.
The House divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes 62, noes 58.
So the proposition was laid upon the table.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, informed the House that the Senate
had passed the joint resolution of the House au-
thorizing a settlement of the accounts of J. N.
Carpenter, a paymaster in the United States Navy.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had examined
and found truly enrolled an act in addition to an
act to amend the law relating to the Post Office
Department, approved March 3, 1863; when the
Speaker signed the same.
POST OFFICES APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported back, by unanimous con-
sent, the Senate amendments to the act (PI. R.
No. 50) making appropriations for the service of
the Post Office Department during the fiscal year
ending the 30th June, 18G5; and asked that they
be considered at this time.
There being no objection, the amendments were
reported, as follows:
First amendment of the Senate:
Tn the clause for payment to letter-carriers strike out
$3'20,0u0, and insert in lieu thcieof §640,000.
Mr. STEVENS. The Committee of Way3
and Meansrecommend concurrence in thisamend-
mcnt. The committee has received letters,from
the Post Office Department stating that the first
estimate for this item was a mistake, in conse-
quence of new arrangements made/or the distribu-
tion of mail matter in the large cities. It is to be
recollected that these appropriations are all paid
out of the Post Office fund.
The amendment was concurred in.
Second amendment:
In the clause foi wrapping paper btuke out $40,000, and
insert
Mr. STEVENS. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Third amendment:
In the clause making an appropriation from the Treasury
to supply deficiencies m the revenues of the Post Oihco
Department 101 the year ending 30th June, oa*
<> $i,UOQ.0OO>? and insert in lieu thereof "#lj5w,uuu.
