1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
adoption of it by the perils of the nation. The
present condition of the country as tegards this
rebellion is a hundred per cent, better than at
any other day duimg the rebellion. Sir, 1 be-
lieve if the nation uses the force properly that it
now has and the force it can put into the field be-
fore the 1st day of January next, the power of the
rebellion will be broken. Let Grant triumph
over Lee, or Sherman triumph over Johnson and
hold all the Southwest, all the Gulf States at his
command, as he would if he triumphs over him,
and the power of the rebellion is broken. While
we have not the numbers estimated by Senators
to-day, we have an immense force in the field.
It is true that one fourth or one third of that force
is not effective for field service. We have from
one fourth to one third of our force who could
not be made effective men in the field. Sir, you
may raise ten thousand men anywhere in the
country and bring them into the field and not put
them m battle at all, and in six months, from one
fourth to one third of those men, by disease and
in one way or another, will drop out of the ranks.
Our experience 1 am sure justifies this declara-
tion.
Mr. CONNESS. I offer the following, which
I do not desire to debate, as a substitute for the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts. It is to strike out ail of the amend-
mentafter the woid " that," and to insert m lieu
tllei eof:
Fiom and aftci the passage of this act everyable-bodied
volunteer wiio ^mll be accepted, and who shall enter into
the service o; tiie United .Smt'-s, *lmll be entitled to and
lecive, airer one ye;nJ.< Fervid*, $100 iu addition to the
sum now provided by i.tw.
Mi. McDOUGALL. Mr. President, I am op-
posed to the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts, and also to the substitute sug-
gested by my colleague. I should like well if
we could now, as this subject is being agitated,
place ourselves upon sound ground. It is well
known to all Senators that we have been paying
to the troops in the fit Id not only bounties fiom
the General Government, but bounties from States,
bounties from counties, and bounties from towns,
until at the expense of the aggregatcGovernment
and of the several depaitnvnts of Government
we have bad to secuie the services in the field of
persons who promised service at the expense
often of a thousand dollars and more. It was
the right of this Government, anil certainly it
was within her power, to call upon all the citi-
zens of the Republic subject to military duty to
render service in the field. From the commence-
ment of this war and from the time this subject
was first discussed here I insisted that it was the
right of the Government to demand service from
all persons subject to military duty, and it was
the obligation end duty of all persons subject to
lender duty; that the true rule for asserting the
ripdit on the part of the Government and enfor-
cing the duty as against the citizen was to place
them upon exactly the same footing, and to fairly
compensate them lor the time they were employed
by subsisting them in the field and rendering to
thorn reasonable compensation.
I remember that at a very early period of the
war I suggested a piece ot history as illustrative
of the duty ot' our Government and its true pol-
icy: that while the French Directory relied upon
volunteers at one time, persons who fell into the
army under the exeitemun of the early years of
the Revolution, they failed, they could not main-
tain their own frontier, and until they adopted
the regular conscription they had no\ ictories even
in France, scarcely, and none beyond the frontiers
of Fiance, i undertook then to suggest that in
the old republics, in Gieece and Rome, the first
citizens considered themselves bound in case of
a i^reat public exigency to go into the ranks as
private soldiers; (lint they did so; and that from
the fact that men of great worth did enter the
ranks (forgr-'at worth is generally united to great
vdiot) the battles of Piatcea and Marathon were
won; and fiom those considerations the great vic-
toir.'s (>f the old Roman ivpublie, m the days of
the lepublic, were won. In those days all citi-
zens who were subject to he-tr arms were subject
to the call, and had' tu obey the call.
i opposed this £300 Lommutation clause when
i! was fh.'-t proposed. I opposed ihenlea of al-
low any person on tho payment of $300 to be
(Viiev'ed fiom service. You can make no distinc-
tion among citizens as to who are bound to main-
tain the Constitution and the lawsof the Federal
Government, if that principle had been adhered
to and men subject to service had been called out
from the first, we should not have what we now
have in the service, a large proportion of merce-
nary soldiers, not brothers nor sons, not men of
our people, perhaps not less gallant for that; but
it has resulted in this, that to a large extent our
arms are mercenary arms.
There is a wide distinction between the men
who have served us in the valley of the Missis-
sippi and those who have served us from the
northern and eastern States. There are as gallant
soldiers from Massachusetts as from any State;
none more gallant than those from the State of
Maine or New Hampshire; but a large body of
them have been brought into the service who
neither belong to the one nor the other, but who
follow their standard. Our successes in the West
were a marked feature of the early history of
the war; and why was it? Every man tree to
bear arms throughout the West took arms. No
one ventured to stay at home. Parents would
not permit it; sisters would not permit it; sweet-
hearts would not permitit; and they who weniinto
the field bearing arms had kindred at home, and
associations at home, and if they disgraced them-
selves they dared notretum to their own homes.
Therefore they foughtalwaysgallantly; therefore
they were generally successful in their contests.
This is all true of the men of New England, sit-
uated as were the old population of the West,
for I make no comparison between the two as to
the superiority or inferiority of individual gal-
lantry or hardihood. Our American people as a
people arc all brave; but tfiey arc biavest who
have something atstakc, who represent not mere-
ly their individual selves on the battle-field, but
who represent fathers, mothers,grandtathers, and
all the lelcitious of society.
If we had adhered from the first to the policy of
calling for those subject to bear arms and assessed
the proper number in the various districts of the
States, we could have always had our armies full.
If now, without increasing these enormous debts
for bounties as against the Federal Government,
as against States, as against counties, and as
against towns, we adopt the policy of having ail
those subject to bear arms placed upon the list
and properly diaftcd, and if necessary, if they do
not tespund,affix such penalties as should be ad-
judged against those who refuse to serve theii
country m its peril. If we do this, we will have
no necessity for an extraordinary call foi tioops.
My colleague has suggested an amendment; and
m this same connection, by way of embodying
my amendment in form, 1 will now suggest in the
form of argument the amendment that 1 shall pro-
pose when*I shall have the opportunity to do so.
it is to strike out the proviso commencing in the
tenth line of the fust section:
Provided, Thar nothing contained in this act bhallbp con-
sulted to altei the piovisionsot existing laws relative to
pci>ons actually tunii&lii g substitutes.
Andinsert:
Aw 1 fiom find after ten days fiom tlic passage of tins act
substitutes sliaii not he allowed mthe place ot peisons sub-
ject to dialt mul rogulaily dratted into the seivice ot the
United States.
It is nothin°" for a trader in any of our towns
either to pay §300 or to laise it by borrowing, and
he is excused. i'txke the young artisan, the black-
smith, it'you please. His whole blacksmith shop,
anvils, hammers, forge, and all, would not bring
4300 He may have a wife for whom, with his
Snsleeved arm, he undertake to wm a livelihood ;
but bcin" unable to raise f;300 he is compelled into
the service. The some may be said of the young
mechanics and the young farmers; for m the West,
with which 1 urn familiar, $300 is considered a
eret'tpmou'it of monev, and while the old head ot
the family might be able to raise it, his seven or
ten sons could not do it; they are coerced into the
service; whereas the trader m the country town,
Ills neighbor, and no better citizen than
could lelease fout orfivesons by paying tee
The pioposition that 1 surest is absolute jus-
tice, because I hey owe as a debt to the country that
amount of service whenever the Government de-
mands it. I speak of this as an abstract rule of
rifht, and as a rule that should lie at the founda-
tion of our policy. We should have taken all our
people who aie subject to bear arms, and appor-
tion them out, of couise imposing upon then-
proper proportions, giving them a proper compen-
sation for (heir services, nothing more; nothing for
bounty, nothing for liiie, but simply, a proper
compensation, and' then require them, to render'
service, and if they do not render service brawl"
them with a brand that will disgrace them as false
children of tlieRepublic. .
It is in this spirit that I oppose this amendment
offered by the gentleman. It is in this spirit that
I have opposed all these propositions. Ill* tliil
spirit I opposed tlie $300 commutation clinse
and the employment of substitutes, I say lei
every one, let the rich man's son and the poor
man's son, let the mechanic and the merchant, let
all men who derive benefit from the Government
and are protected by the Government and Us laws
render equal service. Why should not the mini
111 the city of New York, who, at the age of thirty,
has built up a colossal fortune under the protec-
tion of our laws, go as willingly and promptly
into the field to maintain our lights as the young
man iu the West who has just plowed his first forty
acre field? The merchant in New York has at-
tained his fortune from the benefit and protection
of our laws; the young man in the West lias at)
opportunity perhaps under our preemption laws
or homestead acts to occupy and break hisground
forhisfirstspringcrop. Thefirstowes the great-
est debt, if the accumulation of foruine can he
called an obligation conferred, which is doubtful
in my mind; but I say that to maintain the true
philosophy and theory of our Government there
should be none of these exemptions; all persons
who are subject to service and are eniolled for
service should go into the field, or else instead of
being favored they should be punished.
For this reason 1 am opposed to the commuta-
tion; for this reason I am opposed to substitutes',
for this reason I am opposed to bounties. Let
all men be equal before the law. That is a pop-
ular term, and lias received the sanction of men
eminent tu the use of language and in their liu-
manitaiiati philosophy. Let all men he equal
before the law, and as they are all equal before
the law, let them all obey the law; let them all,
in obedience to law, maintain the Government
which enacts and maintains the law. This whole
system is wrong from its beginning, 1 have al-
ways been opposed to it, and I enter roy opposi-
tion now to this movement. I stand by the bill
extinguishing the, commutation clause, with this .
difference, that I would say, and I shall move,
that there shall bp no substitutes herealier. Let
him who is bound to service and is diafted for
service serve without distinction of men, andlot
them all be equal before the law.
The PRESlDENTpro tempore. The question
is on the amendmentof the Seimtorfrom Califor-
nia [Mr. Conness] to the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts.
Mr. WILSON. 1 suggest to the Senator from
California to modify his proposition, especially
the last part of it before we take a vote upon it, un-
less he can tell us precisely what it means, 'I lie
amendment proposes to give to a person who
shall volunteer for one year $100 in addition to
what he now receives. 1 suggest to the Senator
to strike out the words " in addition to what he
receives," and then let him stand upon the law.
The law provides what he shall receive otherwise.
I think that would be better, and there would be
110 misunderstanding ill regard to it. In the form
in which it is now put, it is in the form of in-
creased pay. ,. .
Mr CONNESS. I call tor the reading of both
the amendment Of the honorable Senator and the
amendment that I offered to it.
The Secretary readtheamendment, as follows;
Jlml he xt further enacted, Tlint every person who ,-liali
be diafieit 'and wlu> fliall serve honmably lor a period ot
one year shall receive a bounty ot" $100, to be paid upon
lib di-eliarge from the service; and every pel -.on *0 dnnti-d
and who .-hall be honorably discharged alter ;l telle ot set -
vice less than one year shall receive a bounty propel i wiled
to Ilia term of service, to l>e estmiatul at the rate herein
picoCllbed lor one year's, soivice.
The amendment to the amendment was to strike
out all of the amendment after the word "that
and to insert:
Fiom and afu-i the passage of din act every able-bodied
volonteei who  li.ill lie accepted and who slw! enteii into
the service ol the United ritate-. shall be entitled to c.a .
alter one year's sc. vice ijlOO in addition to the sum nnw
piovidcd by law.
Mr. CONNESS. I think that is cleat ly aproffer
of £100—fhe amount which the Senator in hia
amendment proposes to offer at the end of Uie term
