98
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 5,
stroy it; the plea, "a right to end the partner-
ship," so called; secession from the Union claimed
to be a right, and plunder, war, and bloodshed
agents to accomplish it; armed rebels in theStates
striving to cast aside their sworn allegiance; or-
dinances of secession hurried swiftly through by
force or fraud, while fierce revolt has raised its
•wicked hand and loosed for months the horrors
of a civil war. The struggle has been long and
fierce; but the progress of the Union arms'has
steadily advanced. Districts have been wrested
from insurgents. Whole States have been re-
claimed . Civil officers, who broke their oaths and
entered in rebellion have fled from posts made
forfeit by their treason, and government in many
States has found an end or fallen in abeyance.
What shall now be done? Shall we reduce
these States to Territories ? Shall we appoint their
judges, governors, and other officers? Shall we,
in common with insurgents, ignore their status in
the Union, and sink their loyal people to a state
of pupilage? Would that be constitutional? Go
search the text for the authority. Shall we ad-
mit this heresy at last? Shall many thousand
millions have been spent in vain, and many hun-
dred thousand precious Uvea been sacrificed, to
crush this thing accursed, and we acknowledge it
a fact accomplished? Shall we, by taking such a
course ourselves, do that which secret rebel con-
claves and traitors in the field have wholly failed
to do? What right have we to say to Tennessee,
to Mississippi, or to Texas—the loyal people
there—"You no longer constitute a State, but are
the people ofaTerritory—your State governments
are goner" The loyal people of a State, although
controlled by traitors, still represent the State; it
is the people, not the soil,thatconstitute the State.
Have all the people gone away and left it unin-
habited? Then, indeed, the State is gone. But
if there arc loyal, patriotic hearts within the State
still clinging; to the Union, thefact must be acknowl-
edged. All true and loyal citizens have claims to
be respected. The Government is bound by law
to guaranty their rights. The functions of State
governments may have been suspended, and law
and order for a time ignored; still the doctrine of
the Constitution is,' 'once a Slate, always a Slate."
It would boas false against our Government to say
those are no longer States because their action has
been thus suspended, as it would to common sense
to say, because a man is hindered of his freedom
he no longer is a man, or that if palsied for a
length of time, his whole humanity is gone.
Although insurgents, for a time, have beaten
back legitimate authority, these States are in the
Union; and as the Government asserts its rule,
the ti ue and loyal people in these Stales, and such
as may avail themselves of proffered amnesty,
should have their rights secured, it is true U
will not be precisely as it was before the war be-
gan. You could as well call back to life the sol-
diers slain m battle. Where other rights have
intervened, arising from a state of war, and under
lawsermcted, pending the rebellion, to bring it to
a close, some rights have passed away. I refer
to those affected by emancipation, and the acts of
Congress confiscating rebel property. For con-
fiscation of the property of rebels is expressly
granted by the Constitution; and emancipation
of the slave is based upon a state of war, in which
the spoiling of the foe is lawful and legitimate—it
breaks his force of power and destroys his strength.
Where rights have intervened under such enact-
ments, they must be protected; where property
has changed, the title must hold good. This is
the doctrine of all public law.
And as regards the slaves of loyal masters in
rebellious States; surely, if their goods and chat-
tels may be taken for the public use, (their horses
and their other property, their houses taken or
destroyed,) making a just compensation, the Gov-
ernment may free their slaves, or use them in the
Army, making satisfaction for the loss, and free
the slave himself, by way of guerdon for his pub-
lic service.
But to return. Resistance to the rightful power
of the Union can no more take a State out of the
Union than can resistance in a county destroy the
jurisdiction of the State. The laws may be con-
temned; resistance may be made by force of arms;
rebellion run its wicked course, and, for a time, au-
thority eastoff; but once the force subdued, ii the
head and front" destroyed, the laws will then re-
sume their former sway without re-creation. Tn- I
deed, there could be none. It is a county still,
and needs the passage of no law to reestablish or
create it. It only reassumes its former lawful
functions.
So in the case before us. The President, with
practical good sense, has, in his message and ac-
companying proclamation, " hit the nail upon the
head," and opened up a way. There needs no
new creation. Destroy the rebel arms, the coun-
teracting forces. Drive armed insurgents from the
rebel States. Let loyal men assert their former
rights. The Government is theirs. Let them
proceed to organize; events will shape the mode.
Let them elect their officers; let them revive sus-
pended government, and let us here, with all our
powers, protect them in the movement. This will
solve the question; this will meet the issue. The
plan proposed by the Executive is wise and just,
far-reaching, statesmanlike, and patriotic. It is
a sound and good suggestion, and should bo re-
garded. It is hard to see how any other course
could even Ue adopted. It justsuits a State where
treason has been crushed. It is an easy, quiet
mode, free from shock and strife, dispute and con-
troversy; it " sets the ball in motion," reanimates
suspended life, and starts the State anew upon the
road to greatness.
Why should it not be so? Should not the loyal
people of a State, devoted in their hearts, enjoy
this privilege? Are not one tenth the former
voters in the States sufficient for the purpose?
Their numbers are as great as those of many of
the States when taken in the Union; as great as
other States now asking for admission.
Two years ago a bill was pending in the Sen-
ate creating governments for the rebellious States.
In July, 1862, I made a few remarks upon the
bill and its amendments. They were, in part, as
follows:
" I doubt the expediency of this bill. I think it will do
more harm than good, and am inclined to vote against it on
its passage." * * * * <( In my judgment we can-
not so amend this bill as to steer clear of the embarrassing
difficulties that life up in our path as we progress. In our
dibits lo du a ibing which is to be of benefit to the coun-
try, weaiectumbhmr into mots which will result to its dis-
advantage. f think the whole policy of the bill is faNe
upon its hasi<. In my view, States in rebellion, <ts the south-
cm States now sue, aro still Suites of this Union, as much
to-day as they wete when they became so by their admis-
sion in the Union, and that no act ot insunectionhts or
rebels can change the legal character or status of these
States fiom that whieh they were entitled to or enjoyed prior
to the commencement of icbclhon; and that to lecognizc
any other doctiine, acknowledges at least the power, if" not
the right, of secession." * + * * "IJiulei out
fiame of Government thete can be no such thing. The
Union was meant to be peipetuiH ; and if such a thing, m
Juct, exists, it is because the l'Ydoial Government has not
sufficient strength to force obedience to it^ powers.
In my view, the people of a State constitute the State ;
that a State is not constituted by a mere ideal line or bound-
>uy ot temtoiy; for if tin; territory be devoid of men, it
cannot be a State. The people constitute the State. If
there be a hundred loyal Union men in one of these rebel-
lion-* States, and all the restate rebels ami deceive destruc-
tion, they constitute the State, and are entitled to the
blessings and immnniticsoftheir State governments. Nay,
moie ; the Government ol the Union, under the Constitu-
tion, is bound to protect them m their State governments,
nnd to secure to them a government republican inform.
This can be done; and by the course which may be now
pursued, and lias already been puisued. we steer clear of
all these constitutional and other difficulties; all those
difficulties respecting policy; all those matters that affect
our feelings, sympathies, our sense of justice and of right.
We may asseit contiol over these tehclhou1? States, as we
already have begun to do, and successfully are doing in
the State of Tennessee, by the appointment of a nnlituiy
governor, who, armed with the whole powct of the Gen-
eral Government,as the agent of the Government m astate
of war, puts down lcbeliion and maintains the laws, so
fai as they can be enloieed under such a state of things."
" Sir, the remedy should be summary, speedy, and also
temporary in its character This bill piovides for a pio-
visionai government m a State, against the State govern-
ment. It fiamos and organizes an antagonistic government
to the one which the true and loyal people living in these
States have a right to have maiutainedfortheirpiotection.
I cannot see my way m voting for a bill establishing a
separate antagonistic government to the one established by
the people of the State, and which the Government of the
United States has guaiantied to maintain and perpetuate
fur the benefit of the people living in those States where,
so far as J know and now believe, there are hundreds and
doubtless thousands of Union-loving men who desire to re-
turn to their allegiance, and who will hail the day when the
power of the Government shall be established over them,
to piotect them in their lights, to protect them from the
wiongs which have been heaped on tliem at home, to the
scandal of a Chiistum people, and to the scandal of the
Christian world."
In States where the rebellion still holds sway,
other means must be adopted, other steps must
be resorted to. They are not ripe for this, as
Louisiana is. There the tramp of armed men
must still be heard; there the battle still must
fiercely rage; there the fight must still go on; ne-
cessity requires it; the safety of us all demands
it. We cannot live thus side by side in peace,
two rival, angry Powers. Could a truce take
place, peace would not long continue; mutual jeal-
ousies and hates would quickly breed contentions;
there could not be "two Richmondsin the field."
No; rebellion must be crushed; the limits of the
nation's right must be its former border; the an-
cient landmarks must be reestablished; authority
and sway must be reasserted; and the flag of the
Union wave on spots now blasted by rebellion.
We cannot stop short of this. Stop short of this,
and we prove traitots to our bounden duty. Stop
short of this, and we do wrong to those who now
are in, or have been in, the service, on land and
sea; prove traitors to our country, which has'
done so much, borne so much, and endured so
much; to the sick and wounded in the hospitals,
or moving round on crutches; to the many maimed
and mangled; to the honored dead; to homes of
desolation; to the orphan and the widow; to the
bereaved and desolate of the whole land !
Sir, I feel that I have had no hand in setting this
fierce war on foot; but I, for one, will not consent
that it shall ever cease until each rebel hand
against the Government is brought beneath its
undisputed sway.
This is being fast accomplished; events swift
hurry on. Secession has been cut in two, and
now is seared on all its outward borders. The
Union force is moving forward, and though the
currcnt may from time to time, by temporary
checks-, be eddied on its surface, still the volume,
sweeping on, moves eddies, ripples, everything
before it. The progress of ourarms,by land and
sea, by river and by lake, has been successful.
The victories of Vicksburg, New Orleans, and
Hudson have opened up the river of the West,
and Murfreesboro', Donelson, and Chattanooga
have secured the valley. Antietam and Gettys-
burg have hurled rebellion back, and the cannon
of our navies boom down along the coast. Ken-
tucky, Mississippi, Missouri, Arkansas, Texas,
Tennessee, Louisiana, West Virginia,and apart
of North Carolina have been reclaimed, and loyal
thousands held in abject thrall Have hurried forth
to meet the great restorer.
To some the work seems slow. Never did so
great a woik move forward with such swiftness.
Never has so much been done within so short a
time. Treason,forthirty years plotted and con-
trived, deep-rooted, wide-extended, unsuspected,
unprovided for, has been driven back and forced
within contracted limits,.and destitution, want,
and death have fallen backward with it.
There is no cause to fear. Blockade-running
has been broken up. Charleston soon will fall.
Rebel armies soon must dwindle, by dissolving
causes, (the pardon now held out will greatly aid
the thing,) and though for months there may be
show of fighting, like broken clouds, when the
main storm is passed the effort will be feeble, un-
important, fitful.
There can be no other end. The people of the
North have so resolved it. The loyal people of
the middle States are equally determined. No
matter how they strive on less important topics,
in this one great, absorbing thing, the safety of
the Union, they one and all unite. No matter what
their differences, no matter how they jar on other
points, in this they all agree—an earnest, energetic
conduct of the war. This is in the mouths of
all, and in the hearts of all. Isayofall: the sneak-
ing, wretched few who sympathize with traitors
are harmless as to power. The late elections
prove this to be so. The million voters speak a
voice that cannot be denied. They will produce
the men to fight, and, more than that, they will ad-
vance the means to keep them in the service. They
send their sons and neighbors to the field; they
go themselves; they freely offer up their choicest
gifts. They take the public loans; sustain the
public credit; supply the nation's fisc; support its
able head, who strikes the rock whence flow the
streams by which the public wants are all sup-
plied. Itis the people's war; springs from de-
votion to the pubhegood; the memory of the past
—their fathers' deeds; their fondestfuture hopes;
their duty to their kind; their duty to their God.
They feel it to be so, and feeling, act upon it.
The young go in the ranks; the aged lend their
moans; all give a helping hand. The rich advance
