3096
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Juno 20,
of service of the drafted man—*o a volunteer in
addition to what that volunteer is authorized un-
der present laws to receive. If the Senator can
suggest any change m it to make it plainer, I have
no objection. I think it in clear as it is.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 Uust the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts will withdraw his amendment and let
both these amendments fall. He has told us the
Government is attempting to draft seventy thou-
sand men,and consequently the bounty which he
proposes to pay these conscripts will amount to
$7,000,000.
Mr. Y/ILSON. The Senator will allow me to
say that it does not apply to those seventy thou-
sand men who have been called for. They come
in under the laws as they now exist, it is to
apply to futuie calls whatever they may be. If
we call for one hundred thousand men, of course
it is $10,000,000; ifweoallfoi two bundled thou
gand, it is $*20,000,000,
Mr. GRLVI li.S. 1 undertnnd there is to he a call
made for thiee hundred thousand men. The
' Senator can therefore very easily figure up the
amount that this amendment will subtract from
the Treasury.
This proposition is exceedingly unjust, lieie
is a State that lias fully tesponded m the calls
upon it; it has sent into the field three yeais' men;
and here is another State by the side of it (lint
has not responded to iis culls. By another pro-
vision in this bill it is proposed by tin? Senator
to reduce the length of the call from tlnee ye.us
to one year.
Mr. WILSON. I beg your pardon; it does
not apply to any State that is shot t now. They
have got to fill up their quotas under the old calls.
The hill is plain on thai point.
Mr. GRIMES. That depends upon the eon-
stiuction th it will be put upon this piovisiou.
Accoiding to my reading of it, such will bo the
interpretation th.it will be put upon it; and if that
interpietaiiou be put upon it, which I tlnnk the
language admits of, then this will be the case:
that this last State that has not rexpomh d to the
call will draft one man thiee times m order to fill
up its quota to correspond with the single dial't
that is made in the State t hat has fully responded,
and to each of those drafted men there ts to hi'
$100 paid; so that the Government will pay to
the conscnpt in the one State where th'1 calls are
not i espouded to $300 m the tdmpe of bounty,
while iu the other iheic will he only tii<- hountn s
that Were allowed befoie. I do not think We are
prepared to do this. 1 do not understand thattlns
amendment is recommended by the War Depait-
nient, or thut it comes ftom the Militaiy Com-
mittee. It is a suites!,on of the Senator winch
1 appiehend he has not thought very long about.
It strikes me as though theie are a multitude of
evils that might, How from it if you send yotn
men into the At my as conscripts and give them
this misapplied amount of bounty and make them
stand side by side with men who last week en-
listed in the same neighborhood for the term of
three years, but are getting only $100 bounty. 1
think the Senator will agree with me there will
not be very great haunony ni the ranks composed
of tiliei nate men who ha\e voluntai iiy gone and
received ^100 for ihree yeais and of these con-
seupls who have held back until they wete com-
pelled to ami then after being coerced into the
tanks receive the same amount from the Treas-
ury that the volunteer has received.
Mr WILSON. Exact equality of coin so it
would not bring; but you have not that now.
For instance, you have the old regiments that
enlisted three yeais ago, some of whom are now
passing through the city on their way home, and
they enlisted for a bounty of $100 to serve three
years. They arc now mustered out of the set-
vice with a bounty of only $100. In those same
regiments ate men who came into the strv.ee in
1863 with a bounty of £200, and in 1863 and 18(j4
with bountks of §300 by the Unit'd States ind
^395 by the States, making $025, and >100 or
£200 by the townships or by individual.-;' men in
the anny of tio- Potomac m 'he -am*# company
receive a bounty of while other m mi rec> iv •
a bounty of ^i00 or v,300, and other men r.c-ive
bounties running from £-,(>00 to $)Q0; and ilese
men now nfai'd to-day by .side, vk>uMii to
shoulder, ;i:<; bar 'Jes of tbe country. Do
v, e huvc any di/neuh v.ibout jr? Kully om-' ciroi
at least of General (frant^j .nmy, thot ha* made
mashes arid, fought battles unnurtdleled in this
century anywhere, have gone into the service
dunng the last eight months. These heroic men
are the "mercenaries," as they are called here
to-day. Thev are the met; who received the
bounty of $300 or $400 fioin the General Gov-
ernment, ^355 from States, and more from the
towns, making $800 or ^,900. These men have
foughtas well and behaved as nobly as any men
in the service.
Sir, 1 think it is wrong in the Senate of the
United States, or in the Congress of the United
States, to speak of brave men iu the service of
the country as " mercenaues" because they have
taken of their State governments, of their local-
ities, and of the national Government, bounties
offered them to go into the service of their coun-
try. in the fiist place tin y ought to have had a
bounty. All kinds of laboraie no w exceedingly
hiifh ; the costoI living is hih. These men whoaie
fighting our hntth's have left families behind them
as dear to them as our famdies are to us. They
leave them at home and go and peril their lives
for the counti y; perhaps come back maimed and
wound* d. The man who takes a bounty and
uses the money as a man ought to do, to support,
protect, and educate his family; that man, who
bares his bosom to rebel steel, is just as much a
patriot as the man who volunteeiod for a less
Mini. It looks to nie, in the present condition of
the counti)-, that we are expected to pay more
for men and ought to pay more than we did in
the eau'y days of the war.
Mi. GRIMKS. All that is a fust-rate argu-j
ment why the Senator was in ei ror the other day j
when he introduced his bill increasing the pay of j
the soldiers. If we do not give them compensa- j
ton enough, m Heaven's name raise thecompen- >
sation and give them what they are entitled to, ]
But that is no argument why we .should misap-
ply this term and the principle of bounty and
give to the conscript what the. Senator calls a
bounty—give a reward to a man who by law is
compelled to peHbi m a duty against his will; for
. that is the effect of it. We compel the man to
go into the Army against his will and peifoini
the duty which he as a citizen is required to per-
foini; and the Senator proposes to toward him
i xactly as well as he rewards a volunteer.
Mr. WILSON. We do that now.
Mr. GRIMliS. No, su, we do not do it now,
and nevei have done rt. The cases the Senator
puts wei e cases w hi re {here wei e v olunteei'h fi om
different States, one Stale or one county giving
lo a volunteer who agreed to aecvpf tin- reward or
bounty whatever the county or State ought offer,
and another one accepting w ha lever his lo wnship
or city or county or State might give, and it was
a matter of fair understanding and agreement be-
tween them and the respective municipal urState
or national Govei n merits. Hut here is a case where
you take a man who, peihups, has been m an-
tagonism to this war, who perhaps has denounced
the very m> n who have gone fiom Ins neighbor-
hood to fight oar battles for us, who perhaps is
known not to be in sympathy either with th"
Government or the soldiers with whom he is cam-
p-died to associate, and the Senator proposes to
i ewm d that (\n:set ipt who is i bus tor forced to go
into ihe ianks as well as he rewards the pati lotic
and worthy man who voluntarily leaves all the
endeai meuts of homo and goes into the Army
baring his breast in the shock of battle. 1 say
that tli.it is inequitable, that that is not just to the
\olunieer; and I nevt-r will vote for any bill that
contains any such provision.
Now, Mr. President, to show whe'la-r I was
right or ma as to the construction of the amend-
ment which the Senator lias proposed, 1 will read
it:
eimf be it fiiithsr enccUdy That every pmson who shall
be dr.uted—
Not applying to any particular draft—
and who -dull ^eive honor ibly tor a petiod of one year
^iail receive <i houmj of «£i00, to ho paid upon hid dts-
cii.os-' sroui tie; ^cj'rice.
Is there any limitation in the pi ovision.s of this
suction ?
Mr. WILSON. It is designed to come in after
tin1 amendment proposed by the Senator liom
Vermont, [Mr. CollamekJ which applies only
to future cads, and nor to the past at ail. This
whole bill applies to future ed'f, and not to the
cjJLof thoK-a^.. i
Mr. COLLA.MER. The word " hereafter"
should be put in there.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator from Vermont
knew exactly what he was at when he offered
his amendment. He was designing to prov nta
one year drafted man being setoff agamstathiee
years drafted man. That is all he sought to at-
tain, and he has accomplished it by the amend-
ment that he proposed. Rut that is riot what
is accomplished by this amendment without a
change of the phraseology- that has been made
by the Senator:
That every person who shall be drafted and who shall
serve honorably for a pcnocl of one year shall receive a
bounty of $100, to be paid upon his discharge. from the ser-
vice; and every person sodiafted—
Not under a future draft, not under a draft that
may hereafter be authorized,and be made in con-
sequence of un order that may hereafter emanate
from the War Department, but under any draft
that may heretofore have beeti directed to be made
by the Department as well—
and every person so drafted and who j.hall be honorably
(ii^cimt^ed alter a term of seivipo les^s than one year
shall reeei\ e a bounty proportioned to hi-, term off ivic ,
to be estimated at the rate heroin piescubed foroiieveai'a
It seems to me there can be no controversy rs
to the construction of the language, and there
ought not to be any controversy as to the merits
of this proposition.
Mr WILSON. I understood and understand
theamendment proposed by the Senator from Ver-
mont to apply this bill to future calls and not any
part of it to those already made anil that are be-
ing filled up. The draft for seventy thousand will
be completed probably in the course of ten or fif-
teen days. 1 do not want to disturb or touch that
m unyiespect whatevei. I pi opose, however, to
modify my amendment so that it shall read:
That eveiy poison who shall be drafted under any call
hereafter made and who Mull setve, &e.
Mr. COLLAMER. That would relieve it from
the objection that was made by the Senatorfrom
Iowa.
Mr. CONNESS. How can the Senator modify
his amendment after an amendment has been
offered to tt?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is compe-
tent for Sinn to do so, no vote havingbeen taken.
Mr. IIOWE. I wish to know of the Senator
from Massachusetts how the bounties aie regu-
lated to volunteers now'
Mr. WILSON. We pay to voUmtecrsfor throe
years now $100. If we diaft it man for three
yeais we pay him £100 bounty. They are both
put upon the same tbutiny: precisely.
Mr. HOWE. If a man volunteers for three
yet'is can he get any bounty unless he ski ves two ?
Mr. WILSON. No; not under the present law.
Mr. HOWE. I had the impression that such
was the law; and if it be so it seems to me there
is no propriety in this amendment.
Mr. WILSON. But we are not getting any
volunteers under the present law, and cannotget
them.
Mr. IIOWE. Tb's is a proposition to give
a bounty to a man for being drafted, not for hav-
ing volunteered, for it puty a drafted man on a
better fooung decidedly than you put the vol na-
tter in two lespects: you give him the sumo
bounty for one year's service that you give tins
volunteer for three; and you give the volunteer
nothing unless he serves two years; but you give
the drafted man the fraction of $100 if he serves
but the smallest fraction of a year. It is nally
taking away all the grace and all the fuvo- winch
your past legislation has held out to the volun-
teer, and making it no longer reputable for a man
to volunteer. On the contrary, it is saying that
you will do more for those who hold hack and
will not volunteer than for those who have done so.
Mr. WILSON. Admit that; but the truth ts
we are getting but few voluntecis, only aboutone
hundied a week, and we cannot get them. No
volunteers can be obtained now unless you pay
five or fix hundred doilats.
Mr. HOWE. There is no man out of the ser-
viet but what has had an opportumtj' to enter
the setvice with ^100 bounty,and there is no mora
but has hud an opportunity of receiving the ^.'jOO
hoimry from the Government. They have de-
clined to do it. Yom armies want n plenrdung,
and { know of no butter way m the woitd than
to draw loU.
