1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GbCXBl:
A] r. ftlJEK M AN, I suppose this amendment j
ha-N ').'(•'■ ii p nod fu ni the Committee on Mill- !
ta'-v Afl*>'!-•: ao«l i'1 f .'Iii.ria. !
Mr. Wll/ 0 v :\t>, .sir, V has imt. I Wave ;
oflVi.-d if m m\ owi ir'spop.nbiSny. i
Mi' COiNN ii-S.'i. I i ise I-) withdiaw the amend-
ment lint 1 Mb i<"! io the amendm-mt of the Sen-
ator fioin h'is.'iiw, so as to «;et a direct
v<>tc upon tSi.-'i amendment. 1 hope it will not be
adopted.
Thr> PRE,SI DR\T pro tempore. The amend-
men! to 'he amendment is wnhdiawri.
Mr. L \ .N E, of Indiana. I shall only detain
the Senate a moment. Emly in 1863 the con-
scription law was passed by which it was pro-
vided that for (he payment of &300 commutation
a drafted nvui mi^ht exempt himself from ser-
vice. There Wfis fin experience of some nine or
twdve months und'T that liw. It was found to
be wholly mopt r.uive and lneflfetuvo. Some
months mj;o a joint I'-sobition was introduced to
repeal simply she ^,300 eommutation clause. That
jmnt resoiui'on vws i eferred to the Committee on
Military Allans, and they leported it back with
a recommendation thai it should pass. When it
comes into ihe ^em.to, the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Miiitaiy Aflans moves an amendment
that the tenn of sei v ice shall be twelve months
instead of thiee years, and now an additional
amendment is imposed. that a bounty of ^100
shall be <xiven to i,he man who is diafted foi
twelve months. lam simply m favor of repeal-
ing the $300 commutation clause, and so was the
committee. The evil intended to be remedied was
precisely this: under your previous law you did
not succeed m getting men, but in getting the
commutation. Now it is pioposed to reduce the
term of service from three yeais to one yeai and
give $100 bounty. If the bill sssnmes thatshape
I shall vote against ihe whole of it, believing that
the whole obp-ct of the ivpea.1 1k<s been utteily
defeated and amuhilati d.
The PRlirSlDEM' ]>ro tempore. The question
is <ni lh" amendment olleied by the Senator fi om
MasstudvuS' us.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. WILSON, i have another amendment
to offer, winch I suppose nobody will oppose,
because it will co^t no money, but save a hule. It
is to snsei t a-! a new s cPon: j
Ana he it fat then cnact Tnat th" MUe.'utii section ol ;
ilie "Act !m omoliins .n>.l eal.mg out lb'1 national t<>ioe<=, j
and tot oilier pin poM's.app'oved Man-li 3. ) fn3. be ;
ane-m! •<! by owimia !!.'• wool •' irmi^poitanou" in hen of i
the wools uavi.-iin^ pa\v.S.etevct tliey ocelli in said j
t-eetiois. |
[ wiil Mate ihat this amend me nt is offered on i
the leconmieiidatiou <>f the Depaitnuot. It has j
been found that nudes the v\ ot ds " haveling pay " j
some fi an ils he ve bi en p< rp  ti a ted in the country.
The v.-oid itanaportation " cxpies&es the ongi- i
nel Meaning, and will coriect those evils. j
The amendment was agieed to. i
Mr. WlL^OX. i have a few more amend- !
menis that I should like to offer. 1 now move to !
ins' 11 the JoUovv io<; es a new section: I
. hi'1 i r f ii'h If,I, 'j'haf wIm'ii a -either, sn k in
ho-pa.iL -li.di he .u-eu.ui:' d imih the iuih;«ir\ M-iwee but
«hali hi unahl'Mo h\t \ •' oi i\ a.l iiUu-cil ot I):? d:-ti'<ui:< n«
<^tiu>i;f}!i( ii< < <a -k km - -> oi \vi> Ulid-, .old ■>!).• 11 --llh^e'jii. i.My l
da: in mi eh ho ()it.ii. he shad he d< euied to Ii.iv* du d  ii the
liiiln.uy -e' vice. ;
I w:H smij)ly say in regard to this amendment
that 
Seveiai  Sj:ntators. We will all vote for that.
Mt. WILSON. Theie are soldiers m ihe set-
vice who aie wounded and die discharged but
can not t;et away fi om heie, and die alter their dis-
chai^e.
The am-mdment was agreed to.
Mi. WILSON, i no vv oiler another amend-
ment, to ii':>eu /«s a new section the following:
11 lintlier enacted. That p.ij inents wliieh have
b"( ii ns.ide p.i\iii.i-h'i•• to uou eoniin: — soin-d odieei^ of
volniiieei resiinieiit- noni 'he d lie ot then enh-tnieiit and
lor .1 rum pn v i>>a- to Mien mu-ti'i uilo tlie -eivK-e ol (tie
I'niied t-'i.U>'• , -ti.tiL d otheMYiM' eori' ct. he ail.iwcd in
U e -etileni'Mit ot -neli j).i\ nta-tet.N* .leeou it^.
Mr. (ilUMlirf. 1 siiould like to have that
ameiidnr nt explained.
Mr. WILSON. The amount of ii is simply
this: the seizednts anM oth.-j iK'ii-cuiaiiii.^Hn.d
officers of a i ei^iment c • nnut he le^ai i y and i - a tn-
k,i!y appointed until tae n^mv nLs are oi'ean:j.ed,
lau in ranuii^ r^^iinvnls, having tee nn n in <\iinp,
U wa-j found necessary to have such oilicers, and
c'r'ain nu n were appointed sergeants or corporals
by the persons who were raising the regiments. !
Th*- payntKMers m most of those eases paid those
non-commis&:oned officers from the time of their
appointment, although sometimes it was a few
wefks before the colonel of the regiment was ap-
pointed and they could have their papers. By a
ruling of th.e Department these payments of the
paymasters have not been allowed. 1 think it
li^ht that they should be paid.
Air. RICHARDSON, i desire to aslc the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, the chairman of tiie
Committee on Military Affairs, if there isnotan-
other class of cases that ought to be provided for.
I undeistand they disallow in the Department
here payments that were made to regiments be-
fore they were mustered in by the United States,
[ii many instances the commanding officer of a
department ordered his paymaster to make the
payments and lie paid upon the rolls that were
furnished him; but 1 understand they arc disal-
lowed hoie ni the Department now to veiy large
amounts, and in some eases where the paymas-
ter could do nothing else but pay. They require
some law no w to adjust these accounts. I ask the
Senator if there is any provision for that class of
cases ?
Mr. WILSON. I understand there were some
complaints of that kind. How far they extend,
or how much there is m them, I do not know.
It is very likely that some legislation is necessary
on that subject.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I understand that the
amount is pretty large, especially in the West,and
I know that very many of the paymasters are
appaiently very large defaulters; and it is abso-
lutely necessary that some provision should be
made by law by which those accounts should be
adjusted.
Mr. WILSON. I will make some inquiry in
regard to it, and sec whether it is necessary.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I will now move the
amendment that 1 have indicated to the first sec-
tion of the bill. In line ten of the first section
I piopose to stiike out the following proviso:
PioH<le<!, That nothing contained in this act Miall be
eon-hind ro n!t';i the pioviMmit- of existing laws relative
n> pi'iMhis aetuuih tu. a^lnng Mtb-ututca.
And to msett in lieu thereof:
And ftotn and afiet ten da\^ from tnc passage of tins
act sub-unito-. -hall not be allowed in place ol peit-ons
Milneet to diaft and Ionian} drafted into the ^eiviceo!
the L'uitod State.-.
I have advanced my views on this subject, and,
not choosing to discuss it fuither, 1 simply ask
the vote of the Senate upon it. i believe this
amendment involves the principle that should
either govern or not govern the action of the
Government. If the question is well enough un-
derstood without discussing itfurthcr, I shall con-
tent myself with asking for the yeas and nays
upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mi. WILSON. 1 use to expiess the hope
that the Senate will not adopt tins' amendment.
I do not agiee to the^e ideas that have been pur
foi til that the Government ought to east a drag-not
over ihe nation and say to every man, "Comeout;
sei ve the country; you shall have no bounty, you
shall pay no commutation; you shall getno sub-
i suture.'5 The country is not m any such dis-
j tressed condition as to irqutre it. We have got
: the business interests of tiiexountry to take care
I ofaswelias the military interests. We must get
i the money to eauy on the war, and it is just as
i necessary to have money to cairy on this war as
! to have; the men. We have got to watch and
: nuise and take: care of the agricultural, manufac-
( tui*in<r, mechanical, and commeicial inteiests ot
; tlie country. We have got to look to the condt-
! lion and interests of the whole country m pass-
! m^ these acts for raising money and men. Sn,
i after th.H nation iias put at least one million e>ght
i hundied thousand men into the field duiing tluee
■ years, an amount of men put into war by no na-
| itoii m Christendom durm-ihisgeneration, to go
1 to the people nnd say to them, " You shall ne
! diofted into the military service; you shall not
i :>vt a subsuiu'e if one ofleis," would oo deemed
! oomessive, would ueate a gicat dial of ill will
! tow.itd the Government, and weaken our cause
j m tlie country. There is no necessity on caith
I fur audi actum. If our uimies weie beaten, if
they wen;, on the retreat,.if thp.notion, was. in ()e-
spair, wp might resort to such fsU'ing,«fit measures;
but we have beep and w,e are on frjie march to vic-
tory,anil wewereneversostroDgasto-day. Wha|
1 want to do is to gather up.all the men we h^e iu.
the service throughout tlje country, and to pusi)
them into the front ranks, and to.tsall.for.men t®
fill;up our wasting ranlca. I think- there, is tvo
need of resorting to any measure that wilt be tier
garded as arbitrary and oppiessive by t,he_m, ss
of the people who have made so man,y, sacrifice?
for their country.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr, President, during
all the period that hasaxpired between the 5th of
July, 1861, and the present day of the month of
June, 1864, we have heard this satne thing, that
we are on the eve of victory, and that our power
was going to compel ourenemiesinto subjection;
and although we are now in the neighborhood of
Richmond, 1 am not any more confident that we
are on the eve of triumph than I was in July of
that year. Nor do I think those things of which
we are advised justify us in the opinion that this
war may not continue for quite a long psriod. 1
am not one of those who believe that the taking
of Richmond and Petersburg and Lynchburg is
going to solve the problem which is presented to
the American people; and this shouting Io tri-
umphs before any considerable triumph has been
won, in my judgment, is vain talk.
I know we have a great and a gallant Army both
in the West and in the East. 1 know we are ad-
vancing against what we have learned to be a
body of desperate, determined, and organized
men; and I have learned to believe that they do
not consider the problem solved with themselves
when all Virginia shall be occupied by our troops.
It was the first proposition of the cotton States
of the South that they should disintegrate them-
selves entirely in their policy from Virginia,Ten-
nessee, Kentucky, Maryland, and Missouri, and
organize a government of their own; and when
they shall be forced into the country which they
themselves claim particularly, perhaps then may
come the hug and the tug of war.
We cannot promiseourselvesa conclusion this
campaign. I do not think that that man whom
1 call the best general in our service, ail officer
who has proved himself the equal of all occasions
as far as was within the limits of science and
courage—General Grant himself—would pio-
nounce as an absolute conclusion of his own judg-
ment that he could in this campaign coerce even
the capital of the rebellion. Let us not have this
song of triumph or tins shout of courage. It was
said" m 18C1 that individual gentlemen could tnke
twenty thousand men and march from the shores
of the Potomac through Richmond to Mobile and
New Orleans, and would meet with no equal
armies. That has been the weak opinion of un-
informed men, although sometimes of men high
in office.
Let usloolc carefully at what wc have gotbefore
us,and consider that we may have a war not merely
of three years but of ten years, and then look to
what shall be a sound, proper public policy. I can
see no peace, 1 can see no prosperity, 1 can see.no
general happiness,no domestic happiness through-
out this laud until Ihis war is ended, and it must
be ended by some commanding results. Who can
pionnse them to-day ? I suppose the Secretary
of War, with his great military prescience, might
assure us; but who would have confidence in
him? 1 suppose many other men who have oc-
cupied many high military positions, such as Ma-
jor General Butler, might promise us tiiumph m
his aid to Grant's movements in a brief period,
i We have had no promise from General Grant him-
1 self;<indtheadvisedjudgmentofthebestmen,so far
■i as 1 have been able'to leain, has not been able to
|i promise any definite results within a given period.
:1 It is my firm conviction that until we organize
|| war upon true pi maples we can have no such
'! definite, f'sulis as will establish peace. 1 have
;] dilTered from the majority of the Senate as to that
I policy, particularly .is to organizingarmies. I dif-
' fer fioin them now again as the question is again
I before the'Senate. 1 think it is titne for us to
j consider the experience of the past, to consider
I whether wo should not go to work regularly to
i produce by a regular system and to bring out that
force in the field that should be by every law,
moral as well as political, subject to the Gov-
ernment, and who should maintain that Govern-
