1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
their thousands, the poor invest their pittance; the
trust is universal, the spectacle sublime. The
Government directs the war; men, children, wid-
ows, orphans, rich and poor, supply the ready
means; their faith is firmly fixed; they do not hes-
itate; they venture all they have, (they now have
all at stake.) They act on due reflection; they
never will turn back. The day the people took
the public loan, that day the end was sure.
Nor can interference from another source pre-
vent it. No foreign aid or sympathy, no recog-
nition as a State or nation, no calculating policy
of gain, no chronic hate of institutions, no jeal-
ousy of greatness, no anxious wish of absolute
exclusives.ever can prevent it. English " noble
lords," the fiiends of ancient privilege; English
merchant traders, angry with our taritfs; English
manufacturers, calling slavery once our damning
sin, now forging chains to get a bale of cotton—
alike at c doomed to grievous disappointment.
They may ignore all comity, may violate the
ldvv of nations, may furnish iron-clads and men,
may aid by stealth in many ways a subtle course
can always set on foot, may catch at points,
and in our darkest day may seek to pick a quar-
rel with us; but all these steps are sure to end in
utter, total failure.
The Emperor of France may plant an empire
on our borders, may seek to meadie on the golden
coast, may lend his dock-yards for the use of pi-
rates, but that will not avail. His movement is a
costly one already; has cost him many men and
francs, and in the end will cost him many more.
He will find helms enough to do to build a throne
in Mexico; it seems to be no less a task to find
an emperor.
We have no cause to fear. The day of fear has
passed, if ever it existed. The nation now is
fully used to war. Too many men have nobly
served in camps, on battle-fields, in armored ships,
to yield the matter now. They are sure to meet
( whatever comets, and meet it as they mav.
But no such strife will come. There is a throb
of sympathy abroad. Russia is our fi iend. Im-
perial Russia sends us words of comfort. She is
our ancient ally. She sympathizes with our strug-
gle. She is awake to honor and the issues of t he
day. Absolute herself, she liberates her serfs.
She will not aid to keep the chain on limbs now
struggling to be free.
Nay, more; the feeling of the mass abroad is
also m our favor. It is so in Britain. It is so
on the Continent. The vast,gicat, middle classes,
the men of toil and industry, hold up their hands
for us and wish us all success. The struggle is
a strife of classes—a part of one great whole—in-
volves the freedom of the masses, the cause of
human progiess; and yet how strange it is that
some aie found at home who, fleeing from des-
potic rule, unite in sympathy with those whose
object is to keep them always down!
Hut one thing more is needed. The Army
must be filled; filled up with earnest men. Each one
who can must enter the service. Let all the ranks
be filled; let volunteering and the draft go on; let
three hundred regiments renew the spung cam-
paign, and many months will not elapse before
this fungus state, whose corner-stone and boast
is slavery, will cease forever from the earth.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion of the Senator from New Jersey, to
refer so much of the President's message as has
been indicated by him, to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THIS HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPhersox, its Clerk, announced that
the House had passed a joint resolution (No. 15)
to piovide for the printing annually of the report
of the Commissioner of internal Revenue.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The joint lesolution from the House of Repre-
sentatives (No. 15) to provide for the printing an-
nually of the report of the Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue, was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Printing.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
call the names of the absentees upon the vote on
the motion of the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr.
Powell.]
The list of absentees was called, and the result
announced—yc-as 20, nays 1,'>.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The vote shows
the Senate to be without a quorum.
Mr. DOOLVTTLE. 1 move an adjournment.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, January 5, 2864.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. W. H. Ciianning.
The Journal of the last day's session, Decem-
ber 23, was read and approved.
CONTESTED-ELECTION CASES.
The SPEAKER laid before the House addi-
tional testimony in the folio wing contested-election
cases, namely:
J. H. McHenry vs. George 11. Yeaman, second
district of Kentucky; J. 13. S. Todd vs. William
Jay no, Dakota Ten itory; and James Lindsay vs.
John G. Scott, third district of Missomi.
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT
Several messages in writing were received from
the President of the United States, by Mr. Nic-,
olat, his Private Secretary. Also, a message noti-
fying the House that he had approved and (signed
joint resolutions of the following titles, namely:
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 14) to supply in
part deficiencies in the appropriations for the
public printing, and to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for bounties due to volunteers; and
A joint resolution (II. II. No. 12) tendering the
thanks of Congress to Captain John Rodgers, of
the United States Navy, for eminent slull and
zeal in the discharge of his duties.
EXCHANGE OF PRISONERS.
The SPEAKER. The first business ts the call
of committees for reports.
Mr. COX. I ask the unanimous consent of the
House fo**leave to submitaresoiution of no parti-
san character,v but in reference to the exchange
of prisoners. I ask that it be read.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask that
the IIou^c be counted to see whether we have a
quorum present.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope there will he no ob-
jection to the introduction of icsolutions.
Mr. COX. J appeal to th^ gentleman from Il-
linois to withdraw his objection. He would not
object if he received, as 1 do daily, letters from
men who are suffering as prisoners of war.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Tints is the
third resolution that has been mUoduecd on this
subject.
Mr. COX. Yes; and I voted for the resolution
intiodueed by myself m the.first pWe.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio to withdraw it.
Mr. COX. If the gentleman will hear the rcs-
oluuon read, T think he will not object to it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 insist upon
a count of the House.
Mr. COX. i withdraw the resolution for the
present.
i Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then I with-
draw my call for a count.
DEPARTMENT OF OHIO, ETC.
Mr. SMITH, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill toseeuieto the officers and men actu-
ally employed in the department of the O'no, or
the department of Kentucky, their pay, bounty,
and pension; which was rend a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Military !
Affairs.
TIIE OLD HALL OF THE HOUSE.
Mr. MORRILL asked unanimous consent to
introduce a joinj resolution requesting the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings to examine and report !
as to the expediency of setting apart the old hall j
of the House of Representatives as a haU for stat-
uary; and also as to the cost of a new flooring and
bronze railing on each side of the passage-way
through the hall, for the reception of such woiks
oi art.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object; and
the reason is that I propose to introduce a reso-
lution to remove the seat of Government from this
barren and isolated country at the earliest moment.
three hundred dollars bounty.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the Presi-
dent of the United Stat<^, recommending that the
law of Congress, approved December 23, 1863,
in reference to the pay of bounties to veteran vol-
unteers, be so amended as to allow the bounties
to be paid as they now are at least until the en-
suing 1st day of Februaiy; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
CLAIMS BETWEEN PERU AND UNITED STATES.
- The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, also
laid before the House a copy of the report to the
Secretary of State of the commissioners on. the
part of the United States, under the convention
with Peru of the 12th of January last, on the sub-
ject of claims; which was referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
PAYMENTS TO RAILROADS.
Mr. TIOLMAN. I have sought opportunity
to obtain some information from the War Depart-
ment heretofore; and I ask leave now to offer the
following resolution, to which I trust there will be
no objection:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to in-
form the House whether any payments have been made to
either of the following-named railroad companies, namely:
the Illinois Carnal Railtoad Company, the Burlington and
Missotin Raiiioad Company, or the Mississippi and Mis-
boiui Railtoad Company,foi transporting property or troops
of the United Suites since the iiotli day of Felnuaiy, 1862,
and if any sue!) payments have been made, the amount
paid to each company; and also the amount paid to each
oi said companies puor to the above date, and the basis on
which snd payments have been made; and that 1)0 also
intonn the House why payments have been made to said
companies m di-reg.ud of then obligation to tiausportpYop-
eity and of the United Stales l< lice of toll or other
charge what.-oever."
Mr. GRINNELL. I object.
INTERNAL REVENUE REPORT.
Mr. STEVENS, by unanimous consent, in*«
troduced the following resolution; which was
referred to the Committee on Printing:
Resolved* That six thousand extia copies of the report of
the Commi--ionei of internal Revenue, and the accom
panyin" tables, of which one thousand copies shall be for
the use of the Internal Revenue office, be printed.
BOUNTIES.
Mr. CRAVENS asked leave to introduce the
following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee of Way and Means be
instinct ed i<> lepot t a [>ill<7it the eailictt possible day mak-
ing nppinprianon to pay the £100 bounty to non-comtnis-
t-ioned olhcci-, puvaie-*, and otltei persons, who have been
difchaiged Horn the Aimv ofthe United .Slates within two
your* fiom the date of their en liftmen thy reason ol wounds
loceiml in battle, as authorized by the act approved the 3d
of iMareh,
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman from Indiana
will find that our appiopriaUons cover all that
matter.
Mr. CRAVENS. I was not aware of that fact.
If that is so, I am satisfied, and will withdraw the
resolution,
CAUL OF COMMITTEES FOR REPORTS.
Mr. CIIANLER asked leave to inuoduce a
resolution.
Mr. RRANDEGEE called for the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER proceeded, ns the regular order
of business, to call the committees for reports;
when no reports were made.
The business nextm order was the call of States
for resolutions in the reversed order, beginning,
where the call was last suspended, with the State
of Pennsylvania.
JAY COOKE AND COMPANY.
Mr. COFFROTH submitted the following res-
olution:
Resolved, That thft Secretary ofthe Trcasuiy bo requested
to icpott tothis Ilou&e what have been the ocivieeoof Jay
Cooke & Co to the Government m the sale ot Govern-
ment socmitie«, and what has been the rate and the whole
amount of compensation theielor. Also, whether *a<d ^er-
\icea might nothavc been a-5 s-ueceaSiully peiiurmed by the
Treasury Department its-eif. Also, what >ums of money,
if any, have been paid out of the Tieasury lor advertise-
ments oidered by Jay Cooke & Co.
The SPEAKER. Underthe rules, the resolu-
tion, being a call for infoimation, will have to lie
over one day if objected to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let it pass.
There being no objection to the resolution, it
was consnleied and agreed to.
THE DUTY ON GOAL.
Mr. CHANLER submitted the following res-
olution :
RfsflZivc/, That the Committee of Way? ami Means be
