1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1146
such a proceeding as this, T have failed, even at
this time of Ufa, and with my knowledge of prac-
tical business—which is lather limited—to see that
that is the way to strengthen oar financial credit.
When an individual, worth his th<**sands, has his
paper- scattered over the country and pays it with
promptness, his credit is confirmed and his solv-
ency established. If, on the other hand, he
should undertake to buy up his paper at a dis-
count, slander's smooth tongue commences to un-
dermine his reputation, and undertakes to make
him appear before the public as an insolvent man,
and evil would come to that man though his means
might be ample. So it is with the Government;
and in the same way it may by pursuing the for-
mer course keep its creditgood, while by pursuing
the latter policy it would be sure to undermine and
destroy it. If this Government has gold to spare,
let it pay its debts, dollar for dollar, and by no
vote of mine shall it do otherwise. I believe in its
integrity; I believe in its ability; and I believe in
preserving its fidelity.
Sir, there seems to be great difficulty over the
little gold which has accumulated in theTreasury
over and above what is wanted for the time being.
I differ from some gentlemen in reference to the
construction which is to be given to the law of
1862. I think the gold should be preserved for
the purposes%ientioned in that act, yet 1 will not
stop to discuss that point. If there is a dollar of
gold to spare, let us go to work in the right way
and provide by law that the Secretary of the
Treasury may pay the public indebtedness, and
pay it at par, dollar for dollar.
I think I understand the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Hooper,] who day before yes-
terday spoke ably upon the other side of this
question, and who said we are indebted now to
the soldiers, and that the Government needed the
money to pay the soldiers. Use this gold, is Ins
argument, in buying up the paper of the Gov-
ernment, and use that paper to pay the soldiers
what the Government is now owing them. If
the gentleman did not intend that the paper should
be purchased at less than its face, why not give
that gold to the soldiers? Evidently his intention
is that the Government shall buy the paper at less
than its par value, and then take that paper and
fay it to the soldiers.
I am not arguing here the payment of gold to
soldiers and paper to somebody else, but I am
only answering the proposition of the member
from Massachusetts. We have not, I am aware,
gold enough for a circulating medium, and the
argument is partly against me that gold has be-
come in a measure a commodity of purchase and
sale. Yet the Government counts it as cui lency,
and has made it currency, and until we alter the
law upon the subject, and by statute make it a
commodity, and make it all bullion, the Govern-
ment should never go info the market and specu-
late by buying its own paper at loss than its face.
It is very easy to provide the ways and means by
which the spare gold can be used. It should be
used, but let it be used so that it shall go to pay
our indebtedness dollar for dollar. In that way
we can sustain the credit of the Government and
keep our paperatgieater value. But the moment
we allow the gold to go into the market, and al-
low a high official to be the greatest gambler of
them all, that moment we decry the credit of the
Government. That is my principal objection to
the amendment of the Senate, and I cannot get
rid of that conviction. If the amendment can be
so framed as to provide that this gold shall be
used in taking up the paper of the Government
at its par value, I have no objection. But I shall
vote against allowing the Government to go into
the market and become a stock-jobber and a
stock-speculator.
As to this question of fluctuation, it has no effect
upon me at all In Novemberlasf gold was down
at 40 and 45, and yet by slow degrees it has been
rising one and a half, two, three, and five per cent,
a day. Even while we have been discussing this
measure gold has risen two, three, or five per
cent., but that does not trouble me in the least.
Speculators with large amounts of gold in their
hands can easily, by combinations, effect these
changes, and suddenly, too, and I suppose if the
telegraph should flash to us the news to-morrow
morning thatgoldhad gone up five per cent, more,
members who argue the other side of this ques-
lon would tell us that it was the effect of this dis-
cussion and the danger that this amendment of
the Senate will not pass.
Sir, it is said that the Government wants this
money now to pay its indebtedness. The Gov-
ernment, we are told, is to-day in the market try-
ing to borrow $200,000,000, and yet gentlemen
desire that it shall go into the market to destroy
its own credit. No, sir, if we accumulate any
surplus gold it will not be sufficient to be a circu-
lating medium, and Ictus use it to pay our indebt-
edness dollar for dollar as far as it will go. That
will give us an extended credit and enable us to
borrow at an advantage and sustain the finances
of the country. Let us be faithful to our pledges
and then we shall have no difficulty.
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Speaker, the discussion
of this subject, and the reflection I have had upon
it during the discussion, have changed my views
upon the question. I was opposed to the proposi-
tion when it was first brought before the House;
I voted even against the proposition of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Boutwell,]
feeling that nothing should be done; thatwennght
do harm, and could hardly do good, by legislating
on the subject. I think I now see the bearings of
the question more fully and thoroughly than I did,
and will vote for the bill as it now stands
It is argued, sir, that the passage of this reso-
lution will be an act of bad faith; that the surplus
gold in the Treasury is in somewise pledged', and
that its sale will be a violation of the plighted faith
of the Government. I have the act of February
25, 1862, before me, and I do not find it so. It
provides that the gold to be derived from duties
shall be pledged, fust, to the payment in coin of
the interest on the bonds and notes of the United
States; next to the purchase or payment of one
per cent, of the entire debt of the United States,
to be made within each fiscal year after the 1st
day of July, 1862; and, thiid, the residue thereof
to be paid into the Treasury of the United States.
Now, I apprehend that the paper money with
which to purchase the bonds of the United States
for its sinking fund is the circulating medium of
the country—the currency we have authorized and
made a legal tender. That is the currency in
which private individuals buy the bonds of the
United States from the Government or other hold-
ers. And in order to do that we must convert the
surplus gold into this cuirency.
The gentleman who last addressed the House
[Mr. Higby] says that we must buy bonds for
the sinking fund at the rate of dollar for dollar.
I cannot find the justification upon which the Sec-
retary of the Treasury would rest the act of pay-
ing $160 for $100 in bonds, and I do find that to-
day, by exchanging his gold for currency, $100
would enable him to pay $160 in the currency of
the country—the money with which the present
holders bought the bonds.
I conceive, sir, that by retaining this gold in
the Treasury we are losing the interest upon that
which is said to amount to-day to $22,000,000 of
surplus gold, and increasing the price of every
commodity which the Government buys, and of
the necessaries of life to the wives and childien
of our soldiers in the field, as well as to the peo-
ple at large; in other words, we are taxing the
Government and people by depreciating our own
currency—that which we have made the currency
of the country by making it a legal tender.
It is said that the sale of this gold will reduce
the price of gold; and if it dues it will in so far
reduce the price of commodities, and enable the
Government and the people to purchase more
economically than they now do._ We are, by
withholding this gold, losing the interest on the
bonds it would puichase, and increasing the cost
of all we puichase.
Again, sir, the conversion of this gold, by the
absmpuon of our bonds, would tend to the ap-
preciation of their price in the market. Thus the
execution of the power proposed to be given to
the Secretary of the Treasury would therefore,
it appears to me, be beneficent both to the Gov-
ernment and to the community.
" But," it is said, 44 it leads to a possible dan-
ger. It may be that having sold this gold, imports
will fall off, and when another payment of inter-
est is to be made the Government may have to
buy." Gentlemen' will obsetvc that the law does
not make it the duty of the Secretary to sell. It
simply empowers him to sell. By the possession
of that power, and its cxercisc carefully and se-
cretly, the great financial evil of the day may ba
checked, and will be checked—that is, speculation
in gold. If the Secretary of the Treasury shall
exercise this power wisely end discreetly, as he
has exercised all the powers thus far vested in
him, the speculators in gold will know that there
is a heavy holder who is not in their "ring,"
They will hesitate about making heavy operations
when they know that on any day $1,000,GOO or
$5,000,000 may be thrown upon the market. And
I apprehend that if the Secretary should feel that
it would not be wise to reduce his margin to a
narrow limit, he might well-nigh controlthe mar-
ket, so far as it is purely speculative, by selling
comparatively small sums at uncertain intervals.
But," say gentlemen, " it is a great power."
Certainly it is; an immensepower. Butis it greater
than those with which the Secretary is already
invested ? Is it greater or more delicate, or does
it come more closely to the life of the nation or
the rights of individuals, than those exercised by
the headsof other Departments? Not at all. We
live in a period and under circumstances which
require the selection of the purest and the best
men for the heads of Departments. In such a pe-
riod, Government can only be managed by con-
fiding gi%at and vital trusts to those who admin-
ister the Government. These reasons, and others
which have been stated more ably by gentlemen
than I can state them, control my judgment,.
The Secretary of the Treasury, against whom
no man has breathed a word, whose wise man-
agement of our finances for the last three years
will stand recorded as almost a miracle, asks for
this power. My judgment, enlightened by the
discussion, approves it; and notwithstanding all
my earlier votes were against it, I shall vote for
the resolution as it came to us from the Senate.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, before I sit
down I intend to ask the House to come to a vote
on this question under the pievious question. I
do not intend to make a long speech. 1 have no
knowledge which would justify me in theorizing
m financial matters, and I have not much faith in
theories against facts. All that I intend to do ia
to lay plainly before the House the facts as they
exist at present, and as, in my judgment, they will
exist if this resolution be passed and if it be not
passed. Whether those facts are agreeable or dis-
agreeable is of no consequence.
In the first place, sir, by the legislation of Con-
gress some two years ago—whether wisely or un-
wisely I will not now discuss, as that thing is past
—gold is no longer money i p the actual sense and
in the practical sense of the word. The money
of this nation is that which is made lawful money
by the legislation of Congress, pronounced to be
constitutional. That action was such as to de-
monetize gold and all other coin. 'I do not mean
to say that abroad gold is not still the standard of
value; but I do mean to say that in this country
gold is not the standard of value. The lawful
money of the United States is practically the stand-
ard ot value. My friend goes into the street and
wants to buy a horse. He inquires the price of
the horse. Jt is $100.. What docs he understand
by that? Does he understand that it is $100in
gold, or $100 in bills in the lawful money of the
United States? Undoubtedly the latter. Nobody
ever thinks that the man who fixes the priceof am
article fixes it at so much in gold. He fixes it at
so much of the lawful money of the United States.
Hence, for all practical purposes, gold is not the
standard of value, but the lawful money of the
United States is. This commodity called gold,
this metal—in bullion or in coin—has risen in
price just as e\ery other metal has risen. Iron
is rising in price, brass is rising in price, lead is
rising m price, just as much as gold is rising in
price. My friends about me say coppcr, too.
Well, that is owing more to the amount used in
making copperheads thananythingelse. [Laugh-
ter.]
I contend, therefore, that the measure and stand-
ard of value in the United States is now practi-
cally in every man's mind, for every purpose,
the lawful money of the country; and the sale of
gold or bullion, as the sale of any other metal to
be used in lieu of money, is the exception and not
the rule. Suppose there were no demand for gold
except that which we needed for use abroad; in
other words, suppose Congress had done what I
thought they ought to have done, but in which,
m their judgmentand wisdom, they did not con-
