3098
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 20,
ment at the peril of life—the proper and legitimate
force of the country, irrespective of classes of so-
ciety, irrespective of the wealth of individuals, re-
garding every citizen of the Republic, every man
owing allegiance to the Government as standing
upon the same footing, bound yield obedience
to the laws, having it as a duty to sustain the
laws, and having it as a duty to bear arms in the
maintenance of the Constitution and the laws.
That I am right in this proposition as a matter
of principle, as a policy in Government, that it is
an essential element of nil free systems of Govern-
ment, in my mind admits of no possible doubt. All
history teaches that I am right. Our past history in
this present war has taught that I am right; and
if we shall have another and a longer history in
the future, that history will teach that I have been
right; for the same opinions, the same policy, the
same theory 1 'shall maintain as the only true pol-
icy of a republican Government where the indi-
vidual citizen is one of the sovereigns, and where
it belongs to his office to maintain the Constitu-
tion and the laws, and that it is particular! y charged
by our system of Government upon all those ca-
pable and bound to bear arms.
Mr. HOWE. I shall certainly vote against in-
serting the proposition of the Senator from Cali-
fornia; but before I know whether to vote for
striking out the proviso I should like the Senator
from Massachusetts to tell me what the present
provisions of law are in reference to furnishing
substitutes. What is the effect of furnishingasub-
stitutc ?
Mr. WILSON". I understand that a person
drafted may furnish a substitute provided that sub-
stitute is not liable to draft; and if the substitute
becomes liable to draft before the three years have
expired, then the principal is liable; if not, he is
exempted for three years.
Mr. HOWE, I sec no reason in the world why
those provisions should not be continued. I am
as much m favor of abolishing the commutation
clause as anybody; but if a man is drafted and is
willing to pay a sum which another man is will-
ing to take to go into the service in his stead I do
noisco the slightest objection the Governmentcan
have to allow those two to make the trade.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 6, nays 35; as follows:
YKA.3-— Chandler, Doolittlc, Gumes, McDou-
gall, Ramsey, ami Wilkinson—6.
NAYS—Sle^r4*. Biown, Buckfdew, Carlile, Clnik, Col-
himer, Connor, Oow.ui, Davis, Dixon, Foot, Foster, U;u-
Inn, Hants, Houduek-;, Jlowiml, Howe,Johnson, Lane of
Indian;*, Lane of K;ujs;iy, Morgan, Moirill, Nesrmth, Tom-
oioy. Powell, jfieh.inhon, Riddle, Blioi man, fc3piaen \iSum-
nei, Ten iCvek, Titimlmll, Van Winkle, Wade, YVilloy, and
VVdson—&>.
ABSFA'T—Me-^rs. Anthony, Ff«sendon, Hale, Hauling,
Ilcitderbou, lliek°, Kuulsbury, and Wiiyljt—S.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. TEN EYCIC I offer an amendment to
insert the following as a new section:
Jltul be rl. further cvaUcil, That every non-comtriisMoncd
officer, [>i ivate, or oilier person who has been or Mull heie-
aftci be discharged from the Army of the United States
wuinn two yeai.s liom the date of their enlistment by ma-
son ofinjniies K'coived in the line of duty -"iiall be entitled
to leeeive the same bounty as is granted, or may heieafter
be planted, to tin* >anic elates of pei^ons who are dr*
ch.ugt d altei a service of two ycais ; and all act* and pints
ol'aeLs meon.,i-Uent with this aet are. heiebv repealed.
I can explain in ten or twenty words the object
of th is amendment. 13y the act of18G3, the bounty
of $100 which was given to veterans under the !
act of 18G1 who had served two years or during i
the war was extended to the non-commissioned !
officers and privates who were discharged within |
the period of two years by reason of wounds re- 1
eeived m battle. According to a construction of j
t be War Oepaitment if a man is injured m battle ;
in any other way than by shot or shell, he is re- !
yarded as not having received a wound in battle. !
For instance, if a soldier is injured by his horse i
filling upon h:m, or if a shell should strike off j
the limb of a tree and the limb should fall upon j
him, he is excluded from the privileges of this  
act. 1 undei stand the construction is so strict '
that if a man is shot while on picket duty, they
will hold that it is not a wound received in battle.
I be't'c. e they went so far the other day as to rt-
fusc the payment of the bounty to a soldier who
had a ct-itificate that he had been wounded at
Gettysburg bocausc it did not appear that he had
been wounded in battle; but still that was a mat-
ter that could be easily remedied. The object of
my amendment is to m^et a class of persons
equally meritorious, who are equally entitled to
the bounty, who have been discharged from the
service by reason of injuries received in the line
of their duty; and that is the whole of it. It ex-
tends the provisions of the act of 1863, which,
according to a strict construction, is confined to
persons who are discharged in consequence of
wounds from gun-shot and shell in the actual
crash of battle to such soldiers as may have been
discharged in consequence of injuries received in
the line of their duty.
Mr. HOWE. I wish to inquire if the language
employed m the amendment would not cover the
case of persons discharged by reason of sickness
contracted in the service.
Mr. TEN EYCIC No, sir; the language is,
"injuries received in the line of their duty."
Mr. SHERMAN. It ought to be " wounds.55
Mr. HENDRICKS. " Injuries or disability."
Mr. TEN EYCIC That might apply to cases
of sickness perhaps. That is the objection to that.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move to amend the
amendment by inserting after the word "'injuries "
the words " or disability.I cannot see the rea-
son for the distinction which the Senator's amend-
ment makes. I think the. condition of the soldier
who is taken sick and loses his health because
of sickness is equally to be regarded by Congress
as the condition of the soldier who is wounded.
- Mr. TEN EYCIC It seemed to me that per-
liaps this was going far enough now. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Indiana would open
the door to a very great variety of cases, and
would admit of very broad construction. It would
be very difficult indeed to determine in a great
variety of cases whether the sickness to which
the Senator from Indiana refers was actually oc-
casioned by the soldier's condition in the line of
his duty. I thought perhaps it was far enough
to go to cmbrace the clear, distinct cases ofactual
injuries received in the line of duty, such as I
referred to: ahorse falling upon a trooper m the
midst of a charge, or a limb shot from a tree by
a shell and falling upon a soldier. That is a dis-
tinct fact which can be ascertained and established,
and about which there can be no doubt or decep-
tion. If it should hereafter be considered ad-
visable to extend it, let it he extended. My
amendment is in precisely the same language as
the act of 1863, inserting the words "injuries re-
ceived in the line of his duty" m the place of
" wounds received in battle." It is not repealing
it, but merely extending it.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is rather an invidious
task to oppose this class of amendments, bur. u is
well enough for us to consider the effect of ex-
tending our bounty system in this case. I do not
know how many hundreds of thousands of men
would be embraced in it and would receive a
bounty of $100 or $200 under it. Senatorsdo not
seem to eate much about the money that it will
cost; and probably considering the condition of
the soldier we ought not to do so; but now what
is the condition of the question? These men en-
listed with an understanding that if they served
three years and were then discharged, in addition
to their pay, pensions, &e., they should get$100
bounty. Subsequently the law was extended so
that if a soldier was wounded in battle and thus
disabled he should receive his bounty the same
as if he had served for three years. Now it is
proposed to extend the payment of this bounty
to almost every soldier who has been discharged
for any cause \\ hatever. He may have been dis-
abled when he went into the service; his enlist-
ment may even have been a fiaudupon the Gov-
ernment; and yet the effect will be, especially if
the amendment of the Senator from Indiana be
adopted, that in addition to his pay, in addition
to all the Government Ims lost by his enlistment,
the Government shall also pay him the additional
sum of $100 or $300 in bounty. When you con-
sider that from three fifths to three fourths of the
men who are discharged from the service aredis-
charged for illness or sickness or disability of
various causes and not one tenth for wounds in
battle, you see you are now extending the prin-
ciple of bounties to at least twice or three times
the number of cases embraced by the present law
Is it not well worth while for us to consider this
matter?
This proposition has never been considred by
the Committee on Military Affairs. What is the
Committee on Military Affatis'for, unless it is to
take up and examine these things seriatim and
give us the proper language to convey pr« cis-dy
the meaningof the law? The Senator IromNew
Jersey, who, no doubt, is very accurate m his
statement, makes his proposition, and we arc
called upon to vote upon it. It is very hard to
resist an appeal in behalf of a soldier disabled in
the service; but at the same time this is an ex-
tension of the piinciple of bounty such as was
never known in our law before. These soldiers,
when disabled by sickness, get their pensions;
they get their pay; they get more than they ex-
pected to get. It seems to me we ought not to
adopt a principle i hat will be so extensive as this.
I shall not vote for it, whatever other Senators
mav do. w
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understood this morning
when we proceeded to the consideration of this
bill that it was a very important bill in relation to
the commutation question, ami I, for one, voted
to have it brought before the Senate. Now, sir,
if we are to perfect the whole military system and
the pension system and the bounty sysfem on
this bill, we shall never accomplish any thing if it
is to be done in the Senate in this way. A ma-
jority of the Committee on Military Affairs, as I
understand, reported a simple proposition which
was rogaided of very great impoitanco, and wo
are proceeding here byamendments, first from one
and then another, and discusbing them, to perfect
the whole military system and pension system and
bounty system, upon this bill. I know some mem-
bers of the Senate who are anxious to bring tins
session to a close, anxious to dispose of the im-
portant business before the Senate; but wo have
passed this day, and we hove accomplished noth-
ing so far. I hope that Senators wdl allow a vote
to be taken upon these questions as thoyshalibe
proposed, and let us dispose of this bill one way
or the other. For one, I desire to say that I shall
vote against ail these propositions which arc
brought in upon this bill. I am willing to vote
directly upon the bill that is recommended by the
Committee on Military Affairs; and unless the
amendments offered are gel mane in some way to
perfect that proposition, for myself I shall vote
against the whole of them, with a view of getting
some action upon what is regarded by the Mili-
tary Committee as a very important matter.
Mr. HENDRICKS, i do not think the objec-
tion made by the Senator ftom New Jersey to the
amendment which I propose is sufficient to con-
trol the judgment of the Senate. Is it right be-
cause a man meets with an accident, a limb fJls
from a tree and his leg or arm is broken, that he
shall have his bounty? I agree with the Senator
that he ought. The illustration is forcible. Bat
suppose he is taken with disease by reason of his
regiment being encamped in an unhealthy locality
or for any other cause, and that disease may more
permanently impair his health than the loss of a
limb for the time being, shall he not have 1 us
bounty? 1 do not think the proposition of the
Senator from New Jersey is complete and is what
it ought to be. I think if a soldier enters the ser-
vice with the assurance of a bounty, and lie is
compelled to leave the seivice befoie thetime ex-
pires when he would be entitled to bounty under
the existing law, he should have a bounty in pi o-
portion to the length of time that he has served.
If the amendment I have now proposed should
be adopted, then I expect to propose fmther to
amend the proposition of the Senator so as to pro-
vide that the bounty to be received shall only be
in proportion to the length of lime that he'ha.s
served. If he is entitled to $100 for three years'
service and serves but two years, let him have
two thirds of that bounty; if he serves but half
the time requisite to obtain the full bounty, let
him have half of it. This is fair, and I third* Con-
gress ought to adopt it.
Mr. TEN EYCIC I am loth, sir, to add a
single word, and were it not that the situations
and the services of the persons for whose benefit
this amendment is proposed justify me, 1 should
content myself with submitting the amendment,
to the judgment of the Senate. Now, without
appealing to my friend, the Senator from Illinois,
for permission to offer an amendment of this
kind, or to submit any observations, I trust his
patience will be so extensive and long-snffi ring
as to endure for a momdnt while [ .submit an ad-
ditional reason or two or rather make a reply to
ono or two remarks.
