I#0
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January. 6,
and are hereby instructed t<>. report to this House a bill
amending the act entitled "An act to provide internal icv-
enue to support the Government and pay interest on the
public debt," so as to reduce the duty on sill mineral coals
from three and a half cents to one and a half cents per ton.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is that resolution impera-
tive?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend it'so as to
instruct the committee to inquire into the expedi-
ency of so amending the act.
Mr. STEVENS, If that amendment is agreed
to, I w U not, object to the resolution.
The amendment was agreed to; and the reso-
lution as amended was adopted.
THE WASHINGTON AQUEDUCT.
Mr. FENTON offered thefollowingresolution;
which was referred to the Committee on Printing:
Resolved, That five hundred extra copies of the annual
report of the chief engineer of the Washington aqueduct
be printed for the u^e of the aqucducl office.
DUTIES ON COAT, AND ENVELOPES.
Mr. NELSON, in pursuance ofprevious notice,
introduced a bill to repeal the duties nowimposed
by law on the importation of coal and paper en-
velopes; which was read a first and second time
by its title, and referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means.
RAILROAD TO NEW YORK.
Mr. BRANDEGEE submitted the following
resolution,upon which he demanded the previous
question:
Resolved, That a select committee of nine members ol
thn House be appointed by the Speaker, with authouty to
examine into theexpodieney of the establishment of a new
route for postal and other purposes between Now York and
Washington, to whom sshall he referred all petitions and
papery on that subject, and who shall have leave to repoit
by bill or otherwise.
The House divided on seconding the previous
question; and there were—ayes 50, noes 40; no
quorum voting.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. Rather than adjourn the
House for want of a quorum, 1 will withdraw the
resolution for the present,
Mr. WASH13CJRNE, of Illinois. I hope the
gentleman from Connecticut will hold on to his
resolution. There is evidently no quorum here to
do business.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. Very well; I will insist
on it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move that there be
a call of the House.
Mr. STEVENS. I call for tellers on second-
ing the previous question. Perhaps there is a
quorum here.
Mr. WASHBUIINE, of Illinois. I suggest
that the Speaker count the House, and ascertain
if there is a quorum here.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. All I desire is to as-
certain whether there is a quorum in the House.
If the Speaker will count the House and ascer-
tain that fact, I will withdraw my motion for a
call.
The SPEAKER. That object can be attained
quite as easily by a call of the roll as by the
Speaker counting ihe House.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then I insist on my
motion.
The motion was agreed to.
Bo it was otdered that there be a call of the
lIou e.
The roll was nceoidmgly called, and the fol-
lowing members tailed to answer to their names:
Me sr^. James C. Allen, William J. Allen, Aiiich, An-
eona, A^hlry, Baiiv, Au^ie-tu-> 0. HalthMn, lSlame, Jacob
I!. l>lan? AinhtoM* \V. 0!aik. Clay, Thomas T. I);i-
viJ, i>avve^, Dawson, benni*>on, Divou, Dual's, Dumont,
ijckk-y, ijd^i'itou, tfUtiulrje, EiijjIk-Ii, Finek, Fiank, Gaa-
fcon, Gnilieiit, Gti-avold. Hale, Hall. Henjumin G. Hams,
Heitk k, Uotchki<;«, A->ahel W. Uubhaul. John II. IJub-
haiil, lliilbnrd, liutehim-, Jentkes, Philip Johnson, Wil-
liam Johnson, Kalhlleueh, Oilaado Kellom;, Keinan, La-
zeai. Le liluiul. Ijittlejolui, l;OU<r, Lovejoy, >failorv, Maicv,
Mo Vl i--lur, Mellowell, Mefndoe, MfKinney. Samuel K
Miller, William H. Millet, Moorhead, Daniel Morns. J.nne-,
Jt. Moui>, Amos Mvi'is, Noble, Noiion,.John OWnih Pat-
tei^un, Pendleton, Peiham, t'eny, 1'ouieioy, Il.ultoul, Aie\:-
nnderll. 1'iee, Uo<re!s Kdward* 11. Rolling James S. Hul-
liti-i, Solicnek, Seofmid, Scott, Sloan, Stan, ritile-', Struu>e,
rtrnart, Tliaxer, Tiaey. Van Valkcnbin^h, WmNuouh.
Waul, Wilhant l . Washbutn. Web-am, Whalfy, Whe<'li'i,
Chilton A. White, Joseph W. White, William*, Wihleij
Benjamin Wood, and Fernando Wood.
The names of the absentees having been called
o\er, the Speaker stated that the doors would
now be closed, and the names of the absentees
would be called for excuses.
Mr. WINDOM. I move to suspend all further
proceedings in the call, for the reason that there
is now practically no communication between this
city and the North, and I think that is a sufficient
excuse for the absentees. I was myself sixty
hours coming from New York to this city, mak-
ing about four miles an hour.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. Window's motion was agreed to, and all
farther proceedings in the call were dispensed
with.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Is there a
quorum present?
The SPEAKER. There is not; only eighty-
six members have answered to their names.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I move that the
House do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
a quarter to one o'clock, p. m.) the House ad-
journed.  
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, January 6, 1864.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate the following message from the President of
the United States:
Gentlemen of the Senate arid House of Representatives:
By a joint lfisolution of your honoiable bodies, approved
December l23, IB63, the paym? of bounties to veteian vol-
unteers, as now piaetjeed by the War Depaitment, is, to
the extent of $800 in each case,prohibited alter the Cnh of
the present month. I transmit, lor your consideration, a
coinmuiueaiion lrom the Secretary of War, aceompanied
by one tiom the Piovost Mais>hal General to him, both ic-
lating to the subject above mentioned
I earnestly leeommend that the law be so modified a<* to
allow bounties to be paid as they now arc at least until
the eris-ulnir l^t day ot Febinary.
S am not without anxiety lest 1 appear to he importunate,
in thus- leeallin*; yom attention to a Mibjret upon which you
have so leeently acted; and nothing but a deep conviction
that the publie liileuM demands it could induce me to in-
cur the hazard ol being mKmider&tood on this point. The
executive approval was given by me to tlj" resolution men-
tioned, and it is now by a elos-er attention and a fuller
knowledge ot' tacts that i feel constrained to rccommeml
a leconsideration of the subject.
January 4* ABRAHAM LINCOLN.
The message was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia, and ordered to
be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before* the
Senate a message from the President of the United
States, Uansmitting a copy of the repoit to the
Secretary of State of the commissioners on the
part of the United States, under the convention
with Peru of the 12Eh of January last, on the sub-
ject of claims; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, and ordered to be
printed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. DIXON presented a petition of mail route
agents on railroads running through New Eng-
land, praying for the passage of an act requiring
that all letters offered to a route agent for mailing
be prepaid by stamps atdouble rates, and author-
izing route agents to cany into the offices at the
end of their loutes all letters reaching thern for
mailing which have nut such double piepayment,
there to be latedat double rates on the excess un-
paid; which was leferred to the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads.
He also presented the petition of J. R. Fair-
child, and other mail route agents, praying for
an increase of compensation; which was referred
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post RoadvS.
Mr. JOHNSON p resented a memorial of the
religious Society of Friends within the limits of
the Baltimore Yeaily Meeting, embracing Mary-
land , Vngmia, and the adjacent parts ef Penn-
sylvania, praying that they may be exempted
from peiformmg military duty; which was re-
frried to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia.
Mr. JOHNSON. I present the petition of Mrs.
Susan \V. Harris, the wife of Mr. Arnold Harris,
stating that she was the owner, m her own right,
of four or live slaves in this District; that she
made her claim betore the boaid of commUsion-
eis appointed under the act ol Congress to settle
claims for slaves emancipated in the District; that
her claim was disallowed on the ground of the
alleged disloyalty of her husband; and she prays
that an act may be passed allowing Her the sum
which the commissioners* would have awarded
but for that fact. 1 move its reference to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL presented the petition of R. H.
Brigham, and others, citizens of Castine, Maine, ^
praying for a uniform ambulance and hospital sys-
tern throughout the United States; which was re-
ferret! to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia.
Mr. MORGAN presented a memorial of the
religious Society of Friends in the State of New
York, praying for exemption from military duty;
which was referred to theCommittee on Military-
Affairs and the Militia.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. CHANDLER, it was
Ordered, That the petition of the American Shipmasters'
Association, piayunj that the Government of the United
States furnish to their seamen hydio<jrap-hie books and
charts, at the cost of papci and printing, be taken from the
files ot the Senate, and refeired to the\Jommittee oiiCom-
metce.
On motion of Mr. HARRIS, it was
Ordered, That the, petition and other papers iniclation to
the claim of Henry A. JJngham be taken fiom the files of
the Senate, and refened to the Committee on Claims.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committeeon Military
Affairs and the Militia, lo whom was referred the
bill (8. No. 36) to amend an act entitled " An act
for enrolling and calling out the national forces,
and for other purposes/'approved March 3,1S63,
reported it with amendments.
Mr. WILSON. The same committee have
directed me to report a joint resolution (S. No.
9) to extend the time for paying bounties to vet-
eran and other volunteers. I ask the unanimous
consent of the Senate to have the resolution con-
sidered at this time.
Mr. SHERMAN. I prefer that it should go
over until to-morrow.
Mr. WILSON. Let it be printed.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to it 3
being printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the joint resolution cannot be considered
to-day, under the rules. It will be printed, as a
matter of course. The joint resolution will now
rcceive its first reading.
The joint resolution (S. No. 9) to extend the
time for paying bounties to veteran and other vol-
unteers was read a first time by its title.
Mr. FOOT. Let ft be read at leifgdi.
The Secretary lead the resolution. It proposes
to authorize the Secretary of War to extend, from
the 5th day of January to the 5th day of Febru-
ary, 1864, the time of paying, in such installments
as he may determine, the following bounties: to
veterans who have been in the military servicc of
the United States for nine months and have been
honorably discharged, and to those veterans in
seivice under enlistment for three or more years
who may leenhst for three years or during the
war in the companies or regiments to which they
belong, and who may have at the time of such re-
enhstment less than one year to serve,$400 each;
to other persons who may volun tai ily enlist in the
K'gularor volunteer service of the United States
for the term of three years or during the war,and
who maybe accepted for such service, $300 each.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. HARDING asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
38) to authorize the settlement of the accounts of
A. Bush, late public printer for the Tenitory of
Oregon; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Printing.
CONSTRUCTION OF CONFISCATION ACT.
Mr. HOWARD. I offer the following resolu-
tion, and ask for its present consideration:
Resolved, That ihe Committee mi the Judiciary be in-
fctiacted to consider the piopriety of repealing the joint
resolution of July 17, 1832, leiativ.- to the construction of
the eonfi-catio:i act, and partieulaily ^o much of said joint
i evolution ,\-3 puipoit? to piohibit a toifeiturc of real estate
beyond the mutual life ot the offender.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I object to the cossid-
etation of the resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, it lies over under the rule.
