1146
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 16,
eur with me—suppose, I say, we had, as did the
bill in the shape in which it originally passed the
House, provided that the interest on the public
debt should be payable in lawful money, and our
duties on imports had also been made payable in
lawful money, there would not then have been in
this nation any demand for the metals called gold
and silver, except the $1,500,000 required for our
diplomatic and consular expenses and the little
required to put into the trinkets of the ladies of
the country. These items would embrace the
whole demand there is for these metals in this
country, unless in our great success and prosper-
ity we should import largely beyond the amount
of exportation; then, I admit, you would fur-
nish some opportunity for speculation in the gold
boards; and when that state of things arises the
more rapidly the price of gold rises the better, for
it is an evil that will cure itself. If the bill which
was reported to the House by less than a major-
ity of the Committee of Ways and Means some
two or three years ago had become a law as at
first reported, we should have had no demand for
gold in the country except as I have stated. And
what would have been the result? You would
have made no ring b'y which gold could have been
brought up to sixty per cent, premium. -For un-
less there is a demand for gold the price cannot
rise to any extravagant extent.
Now, sir, the only real need there is in the coun-
try for the use of gold is that required by the mer-
chants in their importations, a>nd to pay our inter-
est. It is not fair to say that we. want it to pay
the duties on imports, for that is all embodied in
the requirements of the merchants. Well, sir,
the amount required by the merchants to pay
their duties upon imports will reach sixty, sev-
cnty, or eighty million dollar.-!, just as the im-
ports increase or deciease. it is estimated at
about eighty million dollars for this year. Last
year it amounted to only fifty-fivo or sixty mil-
lion dollars.
Well, sir, the amount of coin in this country is
very small. The "bunks iu New York hold about
twenty million dollais, which, if I am not mis-
taken, they me icquired by their chattels to keep
on hand. A gentleman informs nie that is u mis-
take. Well, sir, they return about, that amount
on hand at any rate. There is also retained m
the hands of private individuals perhaps twenty
million dollars more. It is perteotiy well known
in New York thai, the mere hauls require every
month five, six, or seven millions. The brokers
theie know exactly what amount is wanted; that
in a quarter they will require twenty-lour or
twenty-five million dollars.
Mi. KERNAN. I will say, if the gentleman
from Pennsylvania will allow me, in tefetence
to the bunks of New York, by our constitution
gold and silver alone, can be u legal tender By
our constitution our banks are obliged to redeem
their notes in coin, and it is only by the decision
of our courts, that paper is gold and silver, that
they get round it.
Mr. STEVENS. I k-now very well that in the
estimation of the gentleman the eouits are very
great villains beuui.se they have sustained the
legal-tender feature of oui cunency.
M r. KERNAN. 1 urn speaking of the require-
ments oft he constitution of the State of New Yoi k.
Mr. STEVENS. Very well. I was saying
that 1 suppose the banks m New Yoi k l eta in and
will retain iu their vaults about twenty million I
dollars of gold; and knowing the amount, m the I
market, and the amount tiiat is to be required, !
which these men who are in the ring understand [
perf-.clly, in tins way they hau: it m their power
io re^ul,u<, tin* pnee of it. Wheie is it to come
from? These people monopolize it,and they com-
pel the im-reliants to pay for it just what they
please, I low ean we temporanly relieve that?
Remember, sir, I do not look upon this as n
panacea for all future time. 1 do not expect it to
answer fiom year to year, but only for the pres- (
en? evil—for one year, How can we relieve that? !
If there is £20,000,001) wanted in n quarter by the j
merchants, and there is £20,000,000 m the hands j
of Jews.uid OtiHiles—fot sometimes the .Tewsare
neuily as bad as the Gentiles, and sometimes
worse, m these transactions—if they have if they
make the mm chants pav what they please unless
souk4 one comes and offers gold ar a lower price.
If a Canadian has $20,000,000 in gold, and comes
into the market at New York to sell, he will, of i
course,bring down the market. Those who have
hoarded gold and have charged the merchants
what they pleased will be compelled to lower their
price. That is natural. Gold speculation is, then,
impossible if that thing is likely to occur often.
This thing was well illustrated by the able gen-
tleman from Vermont [Mr. Woodbridge] yes-
terday in reference to cotton that might be needed
by the Government. Suppose the Government
wanted one hundred thousand artillery horses,
and they must have them, and there were only
one hundred thousand horses in the country; sup-
pose that they were gathered up by my friend's
agents, who would not sell them until they could
get their own price; suppose, then, that a man
m Canada happened to have one hundred thou-
sand, and should feel that it was a good time to
come into the market with his horses, would he
not break up this conspiracy? Would he not
compel the men who held horses to lower their
prices? Would he not compel horses to be sold
at a fair price? The market would be supplied
and there would be a competition to sell. How
is the case here? The Government of the United
States, as a corporation, holds $20,000,000 of sur-
plus gold. Twenty million dollars aic wanted by
the merchants. There is a gang of traders who
hold $20,000,000 of gold, which they will not sell
for less than $1 80. If the Government sells at
$1 30 would not that bring down the market to
$1 BO? 1 think so.
Look at the facts. Yesterday, when it was
thought that this bill would notpass, that it would
be defeated, gold rose three per cent, in one hour,
and when it was found that it would pass it went
down again. Ilow it is this morning 1 do not
know. Lot it bo known that the Government has
this money which it can pell to the merchants at
a reasonable rate, and the Shylocks on the Rialfo
will cease to whet their knives, and begin to sell
at the same rate as the Government. This is
plain common sense. H seems to me that it is.
It seems to me that that is the way in which it
wiil operate.
Hut, Mr. Speaker, learned and conscientious
gentlemen have objected to this because, as they
say, the gold in the Tieasm y has been pledged
to pay the interest upon the public debt. It is
resolved in this proposition that not one dollar
shall be sold until that pledge has been provided
for. It puts the sinking fund upon the same foot-
ing precisely. The lnw does not require that.the
smkmg fund shall be paid m gold, butstmply that
the gold shall be used to create a sinking hind foi
the purchase of our own see,unties. Our own
secuuties can be purchased for $U00 payable m
greenbacks. The gentleman says that weought
to have gold to pay for them. We must pay dol-
lar for dollar in gold ifl understand the gentleman
rightly. That is indeed a tender conscience that
would insist upon paying $100 in gold for what
can be bought for $100 m greenbacks.
Mr. PRtC 15. Does the gentleman refer to me ?
Mr, STEVENS. No, sir; 1 refer to the gen-
tleman from California [Mr. litGBvj who isgold-
mad. Would it be wise to pay $100 in gold when
?>100 m gteenbaeks would do the same thing? Is
1 heie any wiianio theieloie for tin; Government to
sell $12,000,000 for ^20,000,000; it is selling a
commodity for t lie kn\ ful currency of the country.
It is selling an article and converting $12,000,000
of gold into $>20,000,000 of greenbacks to pay our
debts with.
Mr. H1GBY asked a question entirely inaudi-
ble to the reporter.
Mr. STK VENS. I have already said that the
com in the Treasury, for all practical purposes, is
not the currency of the country.
Mi. J* IJ G BY. 1 ask if it is not currency by law.
Mr. STE VE.NS. 1 admit jfyou choose to fool
away your money instead of exchanging it for
£r^enbueks if will pass as money, but it is not the
cunency of the country.
Mr. H1GHY. Does not the gentleman live in
an iron legion ?
Mr. STEVENS. Yes.
Mr. H1GUY. Then that accounts for his hav-
ing no conscience.
Mr. STEVENS. That is cer'ainly very smart.
I did not believe the gentleman had so much wit,
but he has just so nuuh. [Laughter.]
But i was about to ask, would not that Govm n-
ment be foolish and unwise winch should take
#100 of a commodity which it could sell for $170
of its obligations to put into a sinking fund, and
give it for $100? Heave every school-boy whoever
dealt in marbles and pennies to answer that ques-
tion. It does not require a theoretical financier.
As to the scheme proposed by the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Boutwell] of keeping
down the premium upon gold bullion by creating
a loan in Europe and drawing upon it, I say it is
the most alarming proposition I have heard yet.
1 admit that in ordinary timesof peace, when we
have no other circulating medium than that which
is now the money of nations, itis well to bring in
as much foreign capital as you can; but I deny
that it is now desirable to do it. Why, I look
with grief upon every dollar which I hear is taken
by foreign capitalists; and I believe our five-twen-
ties are taken now at the rate of $3,000,000 a week
on foreign account. And why do 1 say I grieve
over this? Because all the gold we can collect,
and all we can borrow hereafter, will go to pay
the interest upon such bonds, and beat once trans-
ported to Europe. 1 do not wantany of their cap-
ital sent here upon such teims. I do not want
them to take our bonds and draw away all our
gold for twenty years to come after we shall have
returned to a state of peace. We do not know
when this war will close. I do not want to dis-
courage anybody; but I do not think it is going to
end in—I will not say howlongatiifte—certainly
notin ninety days, and perhaps not in many years.
Hence it is i do not desire to see any overtrading,
or anything done by which foreigners can take
from us the precious metals either by excessive
importations or by the purchase of ourgold-bear-
ing securities. This, I suppose, is not orthodox
iinanciering; but itis my theory and my common-
sense view of the subject.
Now, on the 1st of July wo shall probably have
fifty million dollars of gold in the Treasuiy. We
shall need to pay out a little more than twenty
million dollars of it. Thirty millions will be leli.
if we go on for the next half year until January,
when the half-yearly interest again falls due—a
lew more of the five-twenties having matured—
our payments will be from twenty-two to twenty-
three million dollais; and in the mean time we
shall have accumulated some forty-five million
dollars of coin.
Mr, WILLIAMS. Will my colleague, the
chairman of the Commit'eeof Ways and Means,
allow me to ask him*a question?
Mr. STEVENS. Certainly.
Mr. WILLIAMS. The question I have to pro-
pound at this stage of his remarks has relation
to the cuiboRo only. We have just, rendered, with
iheasscnt,as 1 understand,of thehonorablo chair-
man himself, the Senate amendment innoxious by
claiming the piovisions of the act of 25rh Feb-
ruary, J8G2, for the establishment of a sinking
fund, and providing that nothing m this act shall
be construed to interfere therewith. J wish to
know now whether we have not rendered it use-
less; and I ground the inquiry on these consider-
ations: the fifth section of that act provides that
the gold received from the customs shall he set
apait as a special lund,and shall bconpiied,first,
to the payment of the interest on the bonds or
notes of the United States: or, in other words, to
the funded or interest-bearing debt; and, second,
to the purchase or payment of onc^cr cent., not
of the bonds or interest-beaiing notes, but of the
"entire debt" of the United States, to be made
wuhm cach fiscal year after the 1st of July, 18G2,
which is to be set apart as asinking fund, and the
interest of which shall be applied in the same way.
Now, this has not been done; and in that partic-
ular there has been, as I take it, a default on the
pari of tiie head of the Treasury, who is said to
dosue the passage of this law*. By the 1st of
July next, or at the expnation of the current fis-
cal year, the amount applicable to the sinking
fund wiil bo two per cent, of the entire d^bt of the
nation. The surplus coin upon which this law is
expected to operate is stated by my honorable
colleague r>t $30,000,000. lathis he takes no ac-
count of the sum which will be required to meet
the requisitions of that part of the act referred to
winch creates the smkingfund. I should like to
hear him state how much that will be. 1 assume
t he entire debt of the nation, at a low estimate, to
be at least fifteen bundled million dollars. If I am
wrong the honorable chairman of the Ways and
Means can correct mo. 1 wish I could be per-
suaded that it was no more. Putting it, however,
