1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2123
surplus, I have not a doubt, and I think the Sen-
ator from Iowa must himself sec that a surplus of
twenty per cent., amounting to $2,000,000, con-
stantly kept on hand is more than equivalent .to
any personal individual liability of stockholders
for the amount of their shares. It so seemed to
us, and therefore we reported the amendments.
Mr. JOHNSON. The amendment is not con-
fined to the Bank of Commerce.
Mr. SHERMAN. The descriptive words are
such as to describe no other bank in the United
States. If I were legislating solely on my own
view, I would rather say the Bank of Commerce
may do so and so; but it was deemed better to use
descriptive words. In speaking of this matter, I
speak of the Bank of Commerce because I do not
wish to mislead or deceive any one. It is the
only bank with a capital exceeding $5,000,000
organized understate law. That is a fact of pub-
lic notoriety, and the descriptive words can reach
no other and would apply to no other bank. The
bill as it came to us from the House of Repre-
sentatives described all banks with a capital of
$5,000,000, but the amendment of the Committee
on Finance expressly describes only banks or-
ganized under State laws with a capita] exceeding
$5,000,000 and with a surplus of twenty percent.
I can state with perfect confidence that there is no
such bank in the United States except the Bank
of Commerce, and that is the only bank that can
avail itself of the privileges of this amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON. But there is nothing to pre-
vent the States from chartering banks with a cap-
ital exceeding $5,000,000.
Mr. SHERMAN. It only applies to those
now existing.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am not speaking of exist-
ing banks.
Mr. SHERMAN. The descriptive words of
the amendment are " bankingassociation now ex-
isting under State law."
Mr. HENDERSON. I will suggest to the Sen-
ator from Ohio that I think this amendment will
include the American State Bank of New York,
which has a capital of $5,000,000. The Bank of
Commerce has $10,000,000.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have conversed with a
great many bankers and gentlemen opposed to
this proposition, and they say expressly that there
is no other bank that comes within these descrip-
tive words.
Mr. HENDERSON. It is stated in awoik
that I have here, which has been recently pub-
lished, and I have no doubt of its correctness.
Mr. SHERMAN. The cashier of this bank,
George S Cole, was here personally, and bore
testimony that no other bank was includedv They
may not have the surplus on hand.
Mr. HENDERSON. That may be.
Mr. SHERMAN. If'Senators desire to do so
they may increase the amount from five to six or
seven millions; but [ am sure that the descriptive
words of the amendment do not include that bank,
or any otherbank,exceptthe Bank of Commerce.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment offered by the Senator from
Ohio to the amendmentadopted in committee, on
which the yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I desire to state that my
colleague, Mr. Morrill, is absent on account of
sickness.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 20, riays 12; as follows:
YEA?—Moso. Anthony, Chandler, Clark, Conncs,
I)ixm . Fi'smmhIoijj Foot, Fo«tei, Hale, Harm, Johnson,
Morgan, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Sherman. Spiague, fcSumner,
Tt;n Evck, Van Winkle, and VViiley—*20.
NAYS—Motors. Buckalrw, Collamer, Davis Doolittle,
Gi lines, Hardin!?, Henderson, Nesnnth, PoweH, Riddle,
Trumbull, ami Wilson—12.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Carl lie, Cowan, liar Ian, IJen-
diieks, Hicks, Howaid, Howe, Lane of Indiana, Lane of
Kansas,McDoutr-iIljMoirill, Richardson, Sauisbury, Wade,
Wilkinson, and Wnglit—17.
So the amendment to the amendment was i
agreed to. i
The amendment as amended was concurred in.
The next amendment was in section sixteen,
line twenty-two, after the word "desire" to in-
sert the words "to reduce its capital or," and
after the word "act" at the end of the section to add
" nor from taking up the bonds upon which no
circulating notes have been delivered;" so that
the proviso will road:
Provided, That nothing in rhi< section ^linU prevent an
association that may done to leduee it* capita! or to close
up its business and dissolve its organization from taking
up its bonds upon returning to the Comptroller its circu-
lating notes in the propoition hereinafter named in this
act, nor for taking up the bonds upon which no circulating
notes have been delivered.
The amendment was concurred' in.
The next amendment was in section nineteen,
line four, after the word " States" to insert " in
trust for the association;" so that it will read:
That all transfers of United States bonds which shall be
made by any association under the provisions of this act
shall be made to the Treasurer of the United States, in
trust for the association; &c.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was in section nineteen,
line twenty-four, after the word " kind" to in-
sert the words "and numerical designation,"
and in line twenty-five, after the word " of" to
insert the word " the;" so that the clause will
read:
And it shall be the duty of the Comptroller, immediately
upon countersigning and entenngthe same, to advise by
mail the association from whose account such transfer
was made of the kind and numerical designation of the
bonds and the amount thereof so transferred.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was in section twenty-
two, line twenty, after the word " same" to insert
the word " to."
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was in section twenty-
four, line four, before the word " destruction" to
strike out the words 'Moss or."
The amendment was concurred in.
Tlie next amendment was in section twenty-
five, line two, to strike out the words "either
the president or cashier of;" so that it will read:
That it shall be the duty of every banking association;
&LG.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was in section twenty-
five, line twelve, before the word "agent" to in-
sert the words " officer or."
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was in section twenty-
six, line twenty, after the word "Comptroller"
to insert the following words:
Upon the terms prescribed by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, may permit an exchange to be made of any of the
bond*, deposited with the Treasurer by an association for
other bonds of the United States aufhonzed by this act to
be received as secmity for circulating notes, it he shall be
of opinion that >ueh an exchange can be made without
ptcjudice to the United States; and he.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was in section twenty-
six, lines twenty-nine and thirty, to strike out
the words "shall not diminish" and insert the
word " that;" and in line thirty-one, after the
word "Treasurer" to inseit the words "shall
not be diminished;" so that the proviso will read:
ProvvLd, That the remaining bonds which shall have
been translerred by the banking association offering tosur-
lender circulating notes shall be equal to the amount re-
turned for the circulating notes not surrendered by such
banking association, and that the amount of bonds in the
hands of the Treasurer shall not be diminished below the
amount required to be kept on deposit with him by this
act.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was in section twpnty-
seven, line eleven, to strike out the word "or"
and insert " and."
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was in section twenty-
eight, line seven, after the word "security" to
strike out the words " for loans made by such
association in the usual course of its banking
business,or formoneydue thereto,"and to insert
" for debts previously contracted;" so that it will
read:
That it •'hall be lawful for any sucli association to pur-
chase, hold, and convey real estate, as follows:
Fir-t. Such ah shall he neee>&aty tor itJ immediate ac-
commodation m the nans-action of its biwness.
Second. Such a« Miall be mortgaged to it in good faith by
vvav of secmity tor debts previously contacted.
The amendment WlIS concurred in.
The next amendment was to add at the end of
section twenty-eight the following words:
Nor shall it hold the possession of any real estate under
mortgage, or hold the title and possesion of any real es-
tate purUiahed to secure any debt due to it, for a longer
pctiod than five year-*.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was in uection twenty-
nine, line four, to strike out the words " a rate
not exceeding seven per cent, per annum'* and
4o insert in" lieu thereof:
The rate allowed by the laws of the State or Territory
where the bank is located, aud no more. And when no
rate is fixed by the laws of the State or Territory, the l>ank
may take, receive, reserve, or chargc a rate not exceeding
seven per cent.
Mr. GRIMES. I hope the Senate, will not
concur in that amendment,and that,after having
done that, they will strike out the word " seven"
in the fourth line, and insert the word "six," so
as to make the uniform rate of interest six per
cent, instead of seven.
This bill purports to be a bill to provide a na-
tional currency, and its friends claim that it is to
have a uniform operation all through the country.
Let me tell the Senate how it will operate m'the •
State of which I happen to be a citizen and a rep-
resentative, in part, in this body. In the State of
Iowa the legal rate of interest is six per cent., but
where special contracts arc entered into the par-
tiescan receive ten percent. Under this billasit
stands each one of these national banks can re-
ceive ten per cent, on all its discounts and all its
monetary transactions, while in the adjacent
States the rate will be only six per cent. In the
State of Illinois, just across the river from where
I live, the rate of interest will be only six percent.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The law of Illinois is pre-
cisely like that of Iowa. Six per cent, is the legal
rate of interest, but they may charge ten by spe-
cial contract.
Mr. GRIMES. I thought thoy changed the law
a few years ago in Illinois. Then in the States of
Illinois and Iowa the banks may take ten per
cent, under this law on all money transactions,
while in the States adjacent they can only take
six per cent. A few years ago when we estab-
lished a banking system in our State—one that
is entirely satisfactory to the people, and which
they are not so extremely anxious to have over-
thrown as the people of some of the States seem
to be desirous tlmt theirs should be overthrown
by this system—it was provided that banks under
that system should be entitled to receive ten per
cent, until a certain time, and then after the lapse
of a certain number of years, which have already
elapsed, they were authorized to take eight per
cent.; and that is the rate of interest they are now
authorized to receive. After the lapse of a cer-
tain other number of years, I believe, the inter-
est is to be reduced to six per cent.; that will be
in a couple of years more. Then we shall have
in the State of Iowa banks under this charter re-
ceiving ten per cent., and the banks under the
State authorities receiving only six percent.; and
it will produce a condition of things which will
not be desirable.
This is no time to be increasing the rate of in-
terest. We should not raise the rate of interest
in those States where six per cent, is now the
legal rate of interest to seven per cent. "We
should certainly not interfere with those Statesto
increase the rate of interest one seventh; but it
, would be infinitely better to bring it down in the
two States only (I think Michigan and New
York) where seven percent, is the legal rate, from
seven to six per cent.
Mr. POMEROY. I only desire to say that I
think a uniform rate of interest is desirable and
oughtto be fixed in this bill, if it is a bill to estab-
lish a national currency, because if we leave the
rate of interest to be established by the States
and Territories (and the bill allows banks to be
organized in Territories) what will be the result?
In some States they make that legal which the
parties agree to. In my State, for instance, that
i ate is legal which parties to the instrument agree to
at the time they execute it, not exceeding twenty
per cent.; and it will be so in the Territories
where there may be a bank and where there is no
i ate of interest established bylaw. I think we
should have a uniform rate of interest. I do not
agree entirely with the Senator from Iowa that
it should be six per cent., but I think seven per
cent, should be the uniform rate. I insiston that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I cannot agree with the
Senator from Iowa or the Senator from Kansas
as to the propriety of striking this out; nor do I
appreciate their reasoning that because this bill
provides for a national currency the rate of inter-
estevcrywhere mustbeuniform. Moncyis worth
more in some portions of the country than in
others. Money commands a higher rate of m-
