1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
Before doing that, however, I do not pretend
to say that my amendment is perfect. My atten-
tion was called by an intelligent and worthy gen-
tleman to this* state of things: that there were
a large number of cases of soldiers who were
violently injured and were disabled for life, as
effectually prevented ft om earning a livelihood
in consequence of the injuries they had leceived
in the line of their duty as if they*had received
a shot or a shell in their bodies or lost a leg oran
arm. It was with a view to meet that class of
cases and extending this bounty to such persons,
and such alone, where there could be no danger
of fraud or deception or deceit, that I was induced
to offer this amendment. It did not come from
any committee; but I submitted the amendment
to the chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs. It was not requisite that I should do so,
but I conferred with him in relation to the mat-
ter, and it seemed to him to be just and proper,
and it was with his approbation that the amend-
ment was offered. 1 believe, however, it is not
out of order to offer an amendment, even if it has
not been submitted to the Committee on Military
Affairs; and I think it is the usual course for a
Senator to propose upon bills of this description
matters which are germane, although they may
not be exactly the same identical thing or an
elaboration of the bill which is reported by the
committee. Otherwise, there would be no such
thing as an amendment to a bill.
The reason why I offer the proposition nowin
the shape of an amendment instead of proposing
it as an original bill, as I designed to do, was be-
cause I knew that Senators were anxious to have
this session brought speedily to a close,and that
there would be no other way of passing1 this meas-
ure than in the shape of an amendment to some
bill to which it was germane, and that if I at-
tempted to bring it in as an original measure it
could not pass both Houses at the present session.
That is my apology, if any apology is needed,
for being so unreasonable as to undei take to foice
'diis amendment at this time upon the attention of
ihe .Senate when they are justly wearied by the
protracted discussion and by the numerous amend-
ments that h<ivo been submitted by divers gen-
tlemen, the chairman of the committee among
others, for the purpose of perfecting: this bill.
I am perfectly willing myself, if the Senate
think well of it, to extend this amendment to
meet the case of the soldier who is peimanently
disabled in consequence of sickness; but it oc-
curred to me that would affoid a greater oppor-
tunity for fraud and deception. There would be
very gieat difficulty in ascertaining whether the
disability in such a case leally did arise from
sickness actually growing out of the service. The
Senator ftom Ohio says that a person going into
the service might be disabled before he went in.
If that fact could be established, that person
would not come within the provisions of my
amendment.
I am not tenacious of the form in which my
amendment shall pass the Senate. My object is
to extend the provisions of this act, its beneficial
effects and aid, toward the supportof the disabled
boldier whose disability is as peimanent and
whose merits are as great as those of the sol-
dier who actually happens to receive a gunshot
wound or a wound from ashell in the actual con-
flict of battle, and that men who are risking their
lives day and night far out on the front on picket
duty, and who lose an arm or a leg in the most
hazai dons and gallant service, shall not lose, un-
der a construction of the War Department, the
benefit of the provision of the law that was meant
to apply to their case.
Mr. DAVIS. Mi. President,I never makean
apology for expressing my opinions upon any
subject at any time. I intend to vote for the amend-
ment and for the amendment to the amendment.
I will vote for them together or separately, be-
cause I believe them both to be right. I believe
that when a man becomes disabled in the service
of his country either by casualty, as is proposed
to be provided for by the amendment, or by sick-
ness, as is proposed to be provided for by the
amendment to the amendment, he is entitled to
the same reward as though his disability resulted
from wounds m battle; and I believe he is entitled
to more consideration, because the man who is
disabled in battle has a glorious memory con-
nect ed with his disability, which he who is dis-
abled by casualty or sickness h$s not. It is an
inspiring memory that carries its solace through
life. It encourages and sustains the man who is
wounded in the shock of battle throughout aH his
subsequentlife; butthe disability that results from
the falling of the limb of a tree or from that wast-
ing sickness that disables so many more men in
the Army than the shock of battle itself, has no
such comforting recollection as that. For that
reason I believe that those who lose their health
by disease are more legitimate subjects for sym-
pathy and for bounty than those who are disabled
even by wounds.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate take
a recess until seven o'clock.
Mr. HENDI11CKS. I suggesttothe Senator
to say half past seven. It is rather inconvenient
for some of us to get here by seven o'clock.
Mr. WILSON. I will say half past seven if
Senators desire it.
Seveial Senators. Oh, no; say seven o'clock.
Mr. WILSON. As that seems to be the gen-
eral desire I will insist on my original motion,
that the Senate take a recess until seven o'clock.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I venture to express the
hope, as I feel somewhat interested in it, and I
think the debate has closed upon it, that the Sen-
ator will allow the vote to be taken on the pend-
ing amendment before the recess.
Mr. "WILSON. I am afraid that amendment
will cover more than the Senator imagines at pres-
ent, and I desire gentlemen to have an opportu-
nity to look at it carefully.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Is the motion of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts amendable ? Can I move
to amend it so as to say half past seven o'clock?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
of the Senator ftom Massachusetts is not amend-
able, but the Senator can make that motion, and
that being the longest time, it will take precedence.
Mi. HENDRICKS. Then I will make that
morion. Many of us cannot get here by seven
o 'clock.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Jt is moved
that the Senate take a recess until half past seven
o'clock.
The motion was not agreed to.
The PR.ESIDENTp'o tempore. The question
returns on the motion of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, that the Senate now take a recess until '
seven o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at seven o'clock, p. m.
HOUSE BILLS liEFKKIUSD.
The following bills were severally read twice
by their titles, and referred to the committees
indicated below:
The bill (No. 446) to regulate prize proceedings
and the distribution of pnze money, and for other
purposes—-to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The bill (No. 532) to establish certain post
voads—to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
The bill (No. 534) to authorize the Secretary
of the Navy to provide for the education of naval
constructors and steam engineers, and for other
purposes—to the Committee on Naval Atfaus.
The joint resolution (No, 99) reserving mineral
lands from the operation of all acts passed at the
present session granting lands or extending the
time of former grants—to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands.
METROPOLITAN IIAILBOAD.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ments of the House of Representatives to the bill
(S. No. 54) to incoi potate the Metropolitan Rail-
road Company in the District of Columbia; and,
On motion of Mr. GRIMES, it was
RaoL-eJ, Thar the Senate dwv^ree to the amendments
of the £Ioum? of Repiesentativos to the said bill, and a-K
lor a conference on the disngieeing votes of the two Houses
! thereon.
Oidetetl, That the ooiifeien«s on the part of the benate
j be appointed by the Pie-ident ;>ro tempore.
Mr. Morrill, Mi. Willey, and Mr. Wade
were appointed the committee on the part ot the
Senate.
COMPENSATION OF LA ND OFFICERS.
Mr. HARLAN. I am directed by the Com-
uiitleo on Public L<uidi>, to whom was referred
the bill (S.Nb. 312) to" regulate the cbmpensafifSl
of registers and receivers of the lartil "n-fifp.ps ti?
the State of Iowa in the location of lands by StateS
and corporations under grants from Congressjlo
report it back with an amend merit, and lasloiftg
nnanimous consent of the Senate for its.presets!;
consideration. '
There being no objection, the Seriate,;;as'it$
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consist
the bill. It provides that hereafter in the location
of lands by States and corporations under grant^
from Congress for railroads and other purposes,
except for agricultural colleges, in the State <jfj
Iowa, the registers and receivers of the land of-
fices in that Slate in the districts where such lands'
may be located shall be entitled to receive for
their services a fee of two dollars for each final -
location of one hundred and sixty acres, to be
paid by the State or corporation making such lo-
cation, which fees are to be accounted for in the
same manner as fees and commissions on war-
rants and preemption locations, with the limita-
tions as to maximums of salary prescribed by
existing laws, iii accordance with such instruc-
tions as shall be given by the Commissioner of
the General Land Office.
The Committee on PublicLands reported the bill
with an amendment to add the following as anew
section:
be it further enacted, That the Turlington and Mis-
souil ltlvcr Railroad Company may so far change or mod-
ify the location of the uncompleted portion of its line, a*
shown by the map thereof now on file in the Genera! Land
Ollice, so a* to secure a better and more expeditious route
to the teinnnus of said hue on the Missouri rivtr, said
new line to he located within the limits of the land grant
made by the United States to aid in us construction ; and
said change shall not impair the ught to nor change the lo-
cation of their present land giant. A map of the clmngp
shall be filed with the Coinim^ionei of the General Land
Othee within one year after the parage ol tins act.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY. I wish to ask the Senator
from Iown why this bill is not made general, to
apply to other States as well as Iowa, ft pro-
poses to give compensation for new and additional
services.
Mr. IIARLAN. It is to compensate them for
woik which they have heretofore done gratui-
tously. In Iowa there is very little public land
except that embraced in railroad grants, and as
the officers receive but &500 a year salary, and
would be compelled to keep their offices open
throughout the whole year, it is deemed to be in-
sufficient m that State'. In other land States there
is other business to be done, homestead entries,
'and also other entries; so that probably in nearly
all the other States, if not all, they are receiving
other compensation, besides their salary. In Iowa
they will not receive perhaps ten dollars a year in
excess of the $500 salary on account of the pas-
sage of the railroad bills which have b>>en passed
at this session. The amendment proposed by the
committee is to enable one of the railroads in
Iowa to change in some trivial respects the line of
its road.
Mr. GRIMES. My impression is that two
dollars is a litile more money than ought to be
required as a fee in making those entries for quar-
ter sections. I propose to amend the bill by re-
ducing the fee from two dollars to one dollar, if
that will meet the approval of my colleague.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY. I desire to move another
amendment, to strike out in the sixth line the
wotds "in the State of Iowa;" and in the sev-
enth line to strikeout the words " m said State"
and insert "in the several States and Territo-
ries," leaving it geneial m its application. It
will then read:
That from and after the passage of this act, in the loca-
tion ot lands by-States and eotporauorn, under iriauts from
(Jongte-sS for railroad and other purposes-, except for agri-
cultural colleges, the le^isteri and jeceivers m the several
States and Teiritoiies in the districts where bucli lands
may be located, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in. The
bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third read-
ing, was read the third time, and passed.
On motion of Mr. HARLAN, the title was
amended so as to read: A bill to regulate the com-
pensation of registers and receivers M the land
otHces in the several Staler wuJTtrritoi'^j.r. the
