1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ME
PACIFIC RAILROAD COMMITTEE.
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the election of a Committee on the Pacific
Railroad—the standing' committee that was 01-
dered just before the recess.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Senators will pre-
pare themselves with ballots.
Mr. ANTHONY. I ask the unanimous con-
sentof the Senate to dispense with the rale which
requires the election of standing committees to be
by ballot, and that this committee be elected by
nomination.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires the
unanimous consent of the Senate to suspend the
rule requiring; the election to be by ballot. The
Chair hears no objection, and that course will be
pursued.
Mr. ANTHONY. I nominate the following
Senators to compose the committee: Mr. How-
ard, chairman; Mr. Collameu, Mr. Johnson,
Mr. Harlan, Mr. Trumbull, Mr. Sherman,
Mr. Morgan, Mr. Conness, and Mr. Brown.
The nominations were agreed to.
REFERENCE OF A BILL.
Mr. FOOT. Some days ago I introduced a bill
(S. No. 11) granting lands to the People's Pacific
Railroad Company to aid in the construction of
a railroad and telegraphicline to the Pacific coast
by the northern route, which has been lying on
the table pending the appointmentof thiscommit-
tee. I now move that it be taken ftoni the table
and referred to the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road .
The VICE PRESIDENT. That order will be
made, if there be no objection. The Chair hears
none.
STEAMER NIAGARA.
Mr. MORRILL. I submit the following reso-
lution, and ask for its present consideration:
Resolved, That tlie Secretary of War he dnccted to in-
form the Senate whethot the steamerNiagaia, chaiteied by
the quaitennastei's departmental lb62, and teported by
a committee of the Senate unlit for the .-emeo. has y-meo
been puicha^ed for the Government, and il *0, when, bv
whom, and tot what piico, and whethei any claim is made
for the otigtnal ehaner, and it" what, and paiticulaily
what i* the situation oi the claim.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not rise to oppose the
adoption of the resolution. 1 know something
about, this steamship Niagara, and I think it ex-
ceedingly important that the resolution should be
adopted, and that it should be adopted at once.
But, sir, i rise for the purpose of calling the at-
tention of the Committee on Finance of the Sen-
ate to what I think is a most extraoidinaiy decis-
ion that has been made by one of the Cabinet
officers of tins Government, and which may have
a very important beating upon this case. T find
it stated m the summary of news m the Globe,
which generally is very correct as well as suc-
cinct in us statements, that
The Attorney (jeneia! ha- lately decided that where an
allowance h«i> been niad< h\ au\ Uahinet officer, and the
mom-} paid ovci aocotdnmlv, it i- not competent tor the
Compnoliet to dwillow it in the ac-omit- ol di-but sing oth-
cej-f. upon tlie-uppo-ition on In? pait that then' is. want ot
authoiitj of law loi the pa} incut in question."
If itbe true thatsueh a decision lias been made
by the Attoi ney General, I suppose the reason of
the nilc would extend to an order to pay made by
a Cabinet officer as well as to the actual payment
of money; and if that is t«> be the rule hereafter,
I sfo not'otherwise than tliat the Treasury of the
whole Government of the United States is in the
contto! of the Cabinet officers of the Government.
Mi. FOSTER. Any one of thenu
Mi. GRIMES. Anyone of the Cabinet offi-
ceis uf the Government. I do not know whether
this decision h \s been made; I find it here re-
folded m the Globe; and 1 meiely rose for the
pui pose of calling t he particular attention of the
Committee on Finance to the importance oi look-
ing into it, because it is a question which may and
does very intimately connect itself with the reso-
lution that has just been submitted by the Senator
from Maine.
The resolution was adopted.
MILITARY INTERFERENCE WITH ELECTIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The unfinished
business of yesterday is the motion to refei the
bill (S. No. 37) to prevent officers of the Army
and Navy? and other persons engaged in the mili- i
taiy and naval service of the United States, from |
interfering in elections in the States, introduced !
by the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Powell,]
to the Committee on the Judiciary; and upon that
question the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, it seemed to
be the impression on the part of some gentlemen
yesterday that any Senator who introduced a bill
was entitled, as.a'matter of courtesy, to have it
referred to any committee he saw fit to designate.
Such has not been the rule since I have been a
member of this body. There has always been
an unwritten law, a common law of this body,
as there is of all other bodies, which defines with
a great deal of particularity the character of bills
that shall be referred to each particular commit-
tee; and I very well remember, during the time
the party of which the Senator from Kentucky
was a member had the ascendency in this body,
that the Senate was divided several times as to"
the committee to which particular bills should be
referred.
The distinction in regard to the rcfei ence of this
bill to the Committee on Military .Affairs or to
the Committee on the Judiciary is this: this bill
relates to the personnel of the military service; it
relates to these men as officers of the military ser-
vice; it does not relate to them in their character
as private citizens. If it did, it ought to go to
the Committee on the Judiciary. The Judiciary
Committee has refei red to it every bill which de-
fines a ciime that can be committed by any citi-
zen outside of the4 particular profession to which
he is leeognized as belonging. But if we want to
pass a bill of,pains and penalties m regard to the
military or naval service, we do not think of ic-
forring it to the Judiciary Committee to define the
character of those penalties. If we want to es-
tablish new rules and articles of war, we do not
think of refening it to the Judiciary Committee,
but to the Military Committee.
Now, what is the character of the bill which is
proposed by the Senator from Kentucky? It is
to prohibit, as lie says, military ofTiceis, not as
individuals, but m then character as military offi-
cers, from interfering with or mingling in elec-
tions in the States. I have this remark to make
in regard to that, which itseems to me is conclu-
sive: if these men inteifere with the elections as
private individuals, they are amenable to the laws
of the States where they peipetrate the oflcn.sc;
but if they interfere with them as military men,
they should be amenable as military men before
a military tribunal. They may act in obedience
to the mandate of asupeiioi military authority.
That supei tor military authority may not he rec-
ognized by the judicial tribunal before which the
Senator's bill may send them. I cannot conceive
of a wider departure fi om the rules that have h ith-
eifo been enforced in regard to the reference of
hills in the Senate than this would be, if tins bill
should be taken from the Committee on Military
Affairs and sent to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary. It is a matter that relates solely to the
officers of the Army as officers of the Aimy, and
notas individuals—relating to ihvpersonnel of the
sei vice. If it related to the general affairs of the
country, I admit it should properly be sent to the
Judiciary Committee.
Mr. POWELL. Mr. President, it is manifest
to my mind that this bill should go to the Judi-
cial y Committee. The object of the bill is to
protect the purity and the freedom of the elective
franchise. It piescnbes punishments for certain
j persons engaged in the public service who shall
[ in any way interfere with the fteedom of election.
| The Senator from Iowa says that those persons
j ou-ht to be tried before military tribunals
j W hi3o I had this hill under consideration, 1 looked
well toth.it point, and, on due reflection, 1 _ was
cleatly of opinion that in older to ehectthe object
desned, we should tiy these persons for this in-
fraction of the rights of the voter before the civil
tribunals of the country.
It strikes me that all hills the object of which
is to prescribe, define, or provide punishment for
cnuic should go to the Committee on thc Judi-
ciary. This bill, if it shall become a law, will not
punish these persons by courts-martial, but will
j subject them to indictment and punishment in the
! civil courts, wheie, m my judgment, thejunsdic-
i lion should be vested. The evil sought to be tem-
I etliod bv this bill is one of startling import. We
know,sir, thai elections have been carried in States
of this Union at the point of the bayonet against
the will of a majority of qualified voters of States
and of districts, and I have been amazed to find
that we have no law upon our statute-book pun-
ishing a soldier for interfering in elections. Under
the laws of Great Britaifi, the harshest penalties
are prescribed against persons for sucji offenses,
and they are punished m the civil courts Qf thai
kingdom. If 1 am not mistaken, bribery and all
such interference with elections was by t,he com-
mon law a crime punishable by fine and impris-
onment, after indictment and conviction in the
cotirts of law. The penal statutes of that country
prescribe heavy penalties against those who inter-
fere in elections. In order that the Senate may
see the character of the bill before the vote is
taken, I ask that it be read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, the bill will be read. The Chair hears no
objection.
The Secretary read the bill, as follows:
A bill to prevent officers of the Army and Navy, and other
poisons engaged in the military and naval service of the
United States, from interfering in elections in the States.
Beit cnacted hj the Senate aiui Home of Representatives of
the United States of Jimerica in Congress assembled, That
it shall not In; i.iwlnl for any military or naval officer of the
United State-, or ot her person engaged in the civil, military,
oi naval service of the United States, to older, bring, keep,
or have under his authouty or control, any troops or
aimed men within one mile of the place where any gen-
eiitl or special election is held in any State of the Uni-
ted States ol Anieuca. And thai it rdiall not he lawful for
nay ollieer ol' the Aimy oi Navy of the United States to
prescribe or li\. or attempt to prescribe or fix, by procla-
mation. o del, oi othei wise, the qualifications ot voters in
any State ot ilic United States ol America, or m any man-
nei to inteifeie wnli the lieedom ot any eleetion in any
State, or with the e\eici-e of jiie fiee light of suffrage in
any State ol Hie United Slates. Any oflieer ol the Aimy
ot Navv of the United States, or other person engaged in
the civil, imhtaiv, oi nava! service of the United States,
who viol.it!> this" section of this* act, shall,(or every such
offense, be liable to indictment as tot u mi-demcanot. in
any conn of the United States having juiisdiction to hear,
tiy, and (letetimue eases of misdemeanor, and on convic-
tion thereof shall pay a fine of not le£s than $200, and not
exceeding $-20,000, and suffer impiisonmcnt In the pent
tentiary no! less than two years, nor more than twenty
yen is, at the di-cielion of Hie court trying the same; and
an\ person convicted as aforesaid shall, moreover, be dis-
qualified from holding nny ofhee ot honor, profit, or trust
under 1 lie Government ot the United States: Provided, That
nothing hei em contained >iiali be so construed as to prevent
any ofl'uer. -oldn-r. sailor, or marine from exercising the
right of stilhage in' artv election district to which he may
belong, if oMietw he qualified, accoidirig to the laws ot the
State in winch he shall offer to vote.
See. 0 dn>t I'C it f wither enacted, That any officcr or
person m ihe militarv or naval service of the United States
who shall oid<'i or advi-e, or who shall directly or indi-
ieel 1 \, bv lorce, tht«>at, menace, intimidation, oi otherwise,
pievci't ot anenipt to pievcnt any qualified voter of any
State of the Untied States of America I'lom fieely exercis-
ing the i mht of -ult'ia^MU any gei.ctai or special election
m anv State ol the United State,, or who sdtali in like man-
ner compel,m aitemptto compel, any otiicer ol an election
m any -nch Stale to iceeive a vote horn a person not !e-
«<all\ "ijitaliiiei! to vote, oi who -hall impose or attempt to
nnpllsc ;ui\ title- oi i emulations lor conducting such elec-
tion dilleteiil Itoni those pK'scuhed b} law, ot inteitere in
anv inaiun't wnh unv oiheei of s.ud election in the dis-
chanro oi In- duties, shall for even, stroll olfense be liable to
indietinent a- lor a misdemeanor, in any court of the
I d Stale- h.ivinu jm isdierton to hear, tiy, and determ-
ine eases oi niisdememioi.and on conviction thereof shall
p.iv a tine of not exceeding §20,000, and Mificr imprison-
ment in the penitentiarv not exceeding five yeats, at the
di-cre!ion ot Ihe court tr) nig the same, and any person con-
victed as afoie<;i'd shall, moteover, be disqualified from
holding any othce of honor, profit, or trust under the Gov-
ernment oi the United States.
Mr. POWELL. Mr. President, it isapparent
from the reading of this bill that the object is to
punish in the civil courts ceiuin offenses which
may be committed against the freedom of elec-
tion. It has nothing to do with conrts-maitial. I
think it must be evident to all that the Judiciary
Committee is the proper committee to which the
bill should go.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, let me illus-
trate to the Senator from iv'-ntucky what his bill
proposes to do. It declaies that u shall be a p'1-
nal offense against the laws uf the United Suits
for any troops to be kept within one mile of anjr
voting placc. An officer in command of a regi-
ment, a colonel, a major, or a captain, is com-
manded by his superior officer to occupy a post
in the city of Baltimore. The Senator's oill would
render that captain, or major, or colonel who
obeyed the command of his superior officer ame-
nable to the law, if this bill should be enacted
into a law, and liable to be incarcerated in the
penitentiary and forever disqualified from hold-
ing any office of honor or profit, civil or military.
