1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
at this low figure, the amount required to meet the
demands of that fund under the law for the year
ending on the Istof July next will be $30,000,000,
or just enough to absorb the whole surplus that,
"accoiding to his estimate, will be in the Treasury
at t&at period. What I desire to know, therefore,
from the honorable gentleman in view of these
facts is, what is the practical use of the amend-
ment so qualified, and where are the moneys on
which it is to operate, the gentleman himself ad-
mitting and insisting on the right to sell under the
existing law for the usesof the sinking fund, and
the claims of that fund absorbing his whole sur-
plus, and leaving no residuum for the general
Treasury?
Mr. STEVENS. If it is very harmless and
operates upon nothing, my friend is benevolent
enough to allow us to have this bauble, and he
will not find any fault with us except that we are
pleased with a rattle and tickled with a straw,
and he will not refuse us the rattle.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Allow me to say that it is
an unsound principle of legislation to enact any
law merely upon the ground that it will do no
harm. A law that is useless is always a bad law,
and cftnnot be otherwise than injurious.
Mr. STEVENS. Suppose we should resolve
that this Hou.se was not very wise; whom would
it harm? No one.
But, sir, the gentleman hardly supposes that by
the debt of the United States we mean anything
but the registered, funded, ascertained debt. Does
he expect us to go into the streets and pick up
sutleis5 hills and bills of all kinds and buy up one
per cent, of them to fulfil! this law ? That is not
what is meant by the debt of the United States.
The floating debt, which has not been settled,
has not yet become anything that we can legis-
late on at all.
Mr.WILLIAMS. I do not desne to interrupt
my colleague; but will he allow me to inquire
again whether I am to understand him as assert-
ing that the legal-tender notes now constituting
so large a portion of the cut i ency of the country,
and amounting, as 1 believe, to the sum of four
hundred and fifty million dollars, or thereabouts,
are no part of the " entire debt55 of the nation ?
l\Ir. STEVENS, i do not, because they are
not debts. They are the money of the country,
bearing no interest. When they come to be re-
deemed it will be another question. At piesent
they are not due and have not to be paid.
but, sir, 1 wus saying that I suppose that by
tho of January next we shall have a surplus
of ft50,000,000 of gold in the Treasury if you allow
it to accumulate. Now, I ask any gentleman who
is acquainted with financial matters whether the
withdrawal from circulation, and locking up so as
to be inaccessible to the commerce of the country,
oi $50,000,000, will not help more to aid these
speculators to iaise the price of articles which they
have on hand than all other " rings'5 can do, and
whether it will not help the gamblcis of whum
the gentleman iioin California [Mr. Hicby] has
so much horror? i do not understand this meas-
ure to contemplate the buying of our own se-
curities at a discount. I say that when yon ex-
change bullion for lawful money you do not buy
your securities. You make a financial transaction,
selling a commodity lor so much money.
Will any man toll me now that when he asks a
dollar for any article he wants to sell, he means a
gold dollar, oi what a sold dollar is worth ? No
man does it; he wants a dollar of our currency.
When a man asks five dollars for a hat, does he
nvvin to ask thereby what used to be five dol'nvs in
fiold, or its value' No; he means five dollais in
tho actual currency, the lawful money, of the
United States.
This article of gold is a subject of traffic, as
much so as a hat or a hoi.se; and it is no more
a circulating medium now than either of them.
You do not b/ «"ilinir u discount or depreciate
your own paper; you anpiccuu*j it when you put
iumegold m ciicuLition.
You", Mr. Sp.u-ka, Know my peculiar viows
upon tins quet'.-ion. I ha\e always held thnUhis
evil tnises from nur making tin; interest on these
bonds payable ,ngoM and" t'-e imposts payable
in gold. I always held that; and } m <y just heir,
although it is a httle e^uMyiKal, state thai v.'lien
in ]n>;3 a portion of the Committee ot Ways and
Moans, less than a majority, agieeu upon a finan-
cial system, which was the issue of legal-tender
notes and five-twenty bonds bearing six percent,
interest payable in lawful money^they devised
a system by which one currency was to pervade
the whole country, and the farmer who had to
receive interest on his bonds was to receive the
same currency as the capitalist who buys the
United States bonds. Theie was then supposed
to be no.kind of necessity for gold at all. The
wisdom of the other branch of the national Legis-
lature, however, having been brought thereto by
tho able and conclusive argumentsof thebankers
and brokers of New York, inserted a provision
which made the interest on these bonds payable in
gold.
Now, repudiation is a thing which this Gov-
ernment will never countenance although it has to
take in taxes one half of the property of every
man in the nation.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania a question. I take it that the
gentleman from Pennsylvania is in favor of hav-
ing our duties on imports collected in gold and
silver. Now, what I want to ask him is this:
what would he do with the gold if the collection
of imposts in specie were continued, and if the
interest on our bonds were not paid in gold and
silver? '
Mr. STEVENS. My friend's memory is de-
fective. lie knows that when that great suuggle
between lawful money and gold took placc in this
House I contended that the duties should be paid
in lawful money, and that the interest should be
paid in lawful money. After the Senate forced
upon us the payment of interest in gold it was
decided that the duties on imports should also
bo paid in gold, so as to meet the payment of in-
terest.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania if that motion was not first
a,rreed upon in Committee of Ways and Means?
Mr STEVENS. No, sir.
Mr. MORRILL. That is my recolloction.
Mr. STEVENS. The bill passed this House
just as I have stated. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Lovejoy] offered an amendment to
make the interest on the public debt payable in
gold. I opposed it with others, and it was voted
down by nearly forty majority, and in that con-
dition it went to the Senate. But those gentle-
men whom I ha\e spoken of enlightened the
wisdom of the Senate, enlightened the heads of
Departments, enlightened this House, and when
the bill came back, although I fought it with all
my miicht, the Senate amend ment was carried by
I believe four majority. It has now become part
of our regular financial system—which I am not
complaining of. While I would have had the
merchants pay for their duties on imports the
same as everybody else, 1 wus afraid we could not
otherwise get the gold to pay our interest. If I
had my will I would reverse the movement of the
wheel and adopt tu-monow the system of receiv-
ing payment of duties in lawful money, and mak-
ing the interest on all bonds tn be hereafter issued
payable also m lawful money. And this, too,
although we have now $700,000,000 of debt with
the interest payable in gold, which will take some
forty-two million dollars of gold every year. The
duty on imports would just about pay it. But I
ask'tho gentleman—and 1 do not intend to digress
m tins way—when our deoi sdiall amount to two
or three thousand millions, requiring $200,000,000
of gold to pay the annual interest, how high will
gold <;o then? If, when we have to pay but
j,40,OuO,000 a year in gold, gold goes up to sev-
enty, how high will ugo when we willhave to pay
fr200,000.0i,0 a veai r
I trust 1 may be a false piophet, but if gold does
not £o to two hundred per cent, my judgment is
; entirely at fault. You cannot keep ltdown. If I
! had my v,ay,I repeat, I would stop where we are
1 in the matter of issuing bonds with the_ interest
payable in gold, i would make interest in future
i-ayablc m tl.^ lav. ful money of the United States.
\Ve receive- for these loans nothing but lawful
money, and by paying them m gold v.'« pay nearly
j double what we get.
j I do not nope to be able to convince tho House
i in this matter. I sholl notfiftemnt it. Hut nev-
: eithrlrss 1 state what f think we are coming fo.
I (. do no! mean that we are coming to lepudiation.
' U-od mi bid that anv man m tins Ihtus-oi m this
; count! y should sanction that idea, al thou.-h it may
| take half of every man's estate in the nation. But
I would be glad if I could make the burdens lighter.
I move the previous question.
Mr. COX/' Before the question is taken, I
think it better that we should.have'a call,of the
House. I would be precluded from making that
motion after the previous question is seconded. I
make that motion.
The motion was not agreed to.
The previous question was sfecdndcd, and the
main question ordered.
The question was taken on the first amendment
of the Senate, to add the words," not exceeding
one year," and it was concurred in.
The question was next taken on the second
amendment of the Senate, as amended by the
House, as follows:
And he is hereby authorized to dispose of any gold in the
Treasury of the United States, not necessary for the pay-
ment of mteifst oi'Uf public deljt: Provided, That the obli-
gation to create a smiting fund, according to the act of Fcb-
lu.uy 23,1862, shall not be impaired thereby.
Mr. KERNAN called for the yeas and nays
on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 84, nays 57; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alloy, Ames, Anderson, Arnold, Ash-
ley, Jolm D. Baldwin, Baxter, Beaman, Francis P. lllair,
Jacob B. Blair, Blow, Boutwell, lioyd, Braudegee, Am-
brose IV.Ulaik, Cobb, Cole, Creswell, Henry Winter Davis,
Dawes, Dawson, Donnelly, Di Dumont, Eclilcy, Eliot,
Furri'.wurtli, Fenlon, Fi.tnl:, Garfl' id, Goocll, Gunnel!,
Ouswold, Hooper, Ilotehki«s, John U. Hubbard, Hulburd,
Jenckes, Julian, Kas on, JCelley, Francis W. Kellogg, Or-
lando Kellogg, Loan, Longye.u, M.uvni, Rlelliiile, Mc-
Clut", Samuel F. Miller, ftloorl>cad,Monill, Daniel Morris,
Amo  Myeis, Noiton, Odeil, Charles O'Neill, Oith, 1'atter-
son, l'eihauj, Pike, Alexander II. Pvicf, John H. Ric+;,
Seltenek, Srofielri,Shannon, Smith,Spalding. Stair, Steb
bias, Jolm B. Steele, Stevens, Thn\er, Ul> on, Van Val-
kenburgh, Wadsvvortli, Eiihu Ii. W'.lslilinnie, William B.
Washburn, Wcbatcr, Whnioy, Wilder, Wilson, Wmdoin.
and Woodbiidge—-8L
nays—Messis. James O. Allen, Ancona. Daily, Augus
tus U.Baldwin, Miss, Bioumail, Clay, Coflioth, Cox, Thom
in T Davis, Dealing, Deir ion, liilcr., Ekhidse, Hale, Hall,
Harrington, Charles M. Hams, Ileiuck, H^'by, Ilolmnn
llutchins, Kernaii, Knapp, Law, Long, M.-.llmy, Maicy.
McAllister, McDowell, Mclndoe, Mctvmncy, Middle-ton
William 11. Miller. James It. Moriis, Moruson, Noble, Join,
O'Neill, Pendleton, Trice, 1'iuyii, Radford, Samuel J. Kali
dall, Rollins, Ross, VVllliani G. Steele, Htlles. Strousn, Stu
ait, Sweat, Thomas, Tincy, Voorhees, Wheeler, Joseph
W. White, Williams, and Ycaman—57.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Before the vote was announced, "
Mr. SMITHERS stated that Mr. Ganson hav-
ing been called home by the sickness of a relative,
he had paired with him upon this fail!.
Mr. ALLISON said: I have paired, by an
arrangement made by the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Pendleton,] with Mr. Law. I desire to ask
the gentleman from Ohio whether in his judgment
that pair ought to extend to this vote. I should,
if permitted, vote for this amendment.
Mr. PENDLETON. I will say to the gentle-
man from Iowa that in my judgment under his
pair lie ought not to vote on this question.
Mr. GRINNELL stated thathis colleague, Mr.
Hubbard, was detained from tho House by sick-
ness.
Mr. SMITH stated that his colleague, Mr.
Randall, was confined to his room by sickness.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
Mr. STEVENS moved to rcconsider the vote
bir which the amendment of the Senate was adopt-
ed; and also moved to lay the motion to recon-
sider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The third amendment of the Senate was to
amend the title by adding to it "and for other
purposes."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the first and third amendments of the
Senate were concurred in; and also moved to lay
the motion to rcconsiuer on the table. ,
The latter motion was agreed to.
hnrollkd bill and BliSOLCTION.
Mi. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
| Dills, repm ted that the commiUeo had examined
i and fuutd truly enrolled a bill and joint resolution
! of the following titles; when the Speaker signed
j tin: Gallic:
j An act (Ei. ft. 2io. JO) making appropriations
i for the ice of the Post Office Department dur-
i ni£ the fiscal year ending 30th June. 18£5; and
I Joint resolution (H. R. .No. 43) authorizing
