102
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 6,
Mr. POWELL. It is true that is the penalty
prescribed; but that is by no means unusual in
free Governments, if the Senator will look to a
statute passed during the reign of George II, he
will find that all soldiers quartered in any city,
borough, or town are to be removed from their
camps or barracks, at every election of a member
of Parliament, two miles from the place of voting.
That was the law of our English ancestors. But,
sir, if a superior officer should give the order re-
ferred to, in violation'of the law, if this bill should
become a law, that superior officer would be sub-
ject to indictment and punishment by fine and
imprisonment in the penitentiary, and be ever
afterwards ineligible to hold an office of honor or
profit under this Government. It was made so
intentionally. It would not be the officer who
executed the command alone, but^the officer who
gave the command, who would be punished under
this bill, and it is proper that he should be pun-
ished. So far, then, as the Senator's remark is
concerned, it seems to me to have no weight what-
ever. Yes, sir, if the General-in-Chief of the
Army were to give such an order, if this bill be
passed, that General-in-Chief would be punished
by fine and imprisonment in the penitentiary, and
he would richly deserve to be so punished. The
object of the bill is to have freedom of election,
not only in theory but in fact. lean tell the Sen-
ator that unless we have freedom of election we
have not free Government. We must have free
speech, a free press, and freedom of elections, or
we shall not maintain the liberties of the people.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr.President,I do notconsidcr
that the merits of the bill are now open for de-
bate. I concede the principle laid down by the
Senator from Iowa in his first remarks, that in
matters of general and public interest it does not
come within the, scope of the courtesy of the
Senate to refer a subject or a bill of such a char-
acter merely according to the wishes of the per-
son who introduces it. According to my obser-
vation of parliamentary usage and courtesy,
whcie there is a particular and a peculiar sub-
ject that) equ ires a special investigation, it is usual
and courteous to refer such asubject to its friends,
and not to a step-mother, to use a phrase that is
sometimes heard in relation to parliamentary pro-
ceedings. I agree, then, that the position taken
by the Senator from Iowa is correct, that in re-
gard lo a matter of-this character, or any other
matter ofgeneral, public, national interest, no i uie
of courtesy requires that such a measure shall be
referred merely according to the wishes of the
Senator who may introduce it.
The question here, then, is one of propriety as
to which committee this hill shall be referred to,
the Committee on Military Affairs or the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary. I concede that if the
bill related to the ordinary military duties of offi-
cers or soldiers in the Army, the appropriate refer-
ence would be to the Committee on Military
Affairs; but this is a bill which introduces topics
of a totally diffei entcharactei. The question here
js whether cei lain acts when performed by mili-
tary men, officers or privates, shall be a ei vil offense
or not. What docs the bill introduced by my col-
league propose to do ? Not to regulate the duties
of the soldiery, but to prevent a perversion of the
duties of the soldiery, to prevent the action and
interference of the soldiery from being brought
into conflict with the freedom of suffrage and With
the purity and independence of the Government.
That, sir, is the object of the bill. It proposes to
declare that when there is a certain line of eon-
duct adopted by the soldiery in relation to free-
dom of elections, those acts shnllconstitutc a penal
civil offense, not a military offense, not an offense
to bo tried by maitial law, if there is such a law,
and there is no such law in this country or in Eng-
land. But the object of the bill is to declare that
certain acts on the part of the military of the coun-
try, if done, shall constitute a civil offense to be
tried m civil com ts, according to a law of Congress
that is now proposed to ho passed.
Sir, there could not boa more appropriate sub-
ject for reference to the Judiciary Committee.
What has the Judiciary Committee cognizance
of properly ? It is the general subject of the laws
of Congress. Now, where there is a bill or a
proposition to create a new penal offense, and to
impose grievous punishment upon that offense,
what so proper, what so reasonable, as that such
n bill should be referred to the Judiciary Com-
mittee, to receive its consideration and its mature
investigation? 1 am at a loss to conceive how
there can be any objection to the reference of this
bill to the Judiciary Committee on account of its
inappropriateness. It would certainly be inap-
propriate to refer it to the Committee on Military
Affairs, I think, although it does relate to the mil-
itary. If a bill were introduced in reference to
the sailors, the marines, or thejeivil officers of the
United States Government in'any of its depart-
ments, and there was a proposition to make any
conduct on their part a civil offense, and to-punish
it by law in civil courts, it ought to be referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, whether it re-
lated to one class of public employes or another,
or to private citizens.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion to refer the bill to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. HENDRICKS, (when Mr. Henderson's
name was called.) I am desired by the Senator
from Missouri to say that he is detained from
the Senate Chamber by sickness.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, (when his name was
called.) Mr. President, I shall vote to refer this
bill to the Committee on the Judiciary, believing
that the proper committee ■
The VICE PRESIDENT. No debate is now
in order.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Then I shall simply
vote yea.
The calling of the roll being concluded, the
result was announced—yeas li5, nays 21; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. BuekalPW^Carine, Cowan, Davis, Hard-
ing, Hendricks, flicks,Johnson, Laneot [ndiana, Ncsmlth,
Powell, Haulabuiy, Siiemian, fcSpraguo, Van Winkle, and
Willev—itj
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Clark, Cotlamer,
Conner, Dixon.Dooliule,Fessemlen,Foot, Fomci%Gi imcs,
IIfirlori, Jlovvnrd, Howe, Lane of Kansas,Morrill, Ramsey,
Sumner, Ton Eyek, Wade, and Wilson—21.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion of the
Senator from Kentucky is disagreed to; and the
question now rectus on the motion of the Senator
from Iowa, to refer the bill to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I will state now what
I intended to say before. I voted for the refer-
ence of this bill to the Judicialy Committee, be-
lieving that the subject-matter is one which belongs
propei ly to that committee, and not for the rea-
sons assigned by the Senator from Kentucky, for
I have seen nothing to induce me to believe that
there has been any improper interference with
elections upon the part of the military. I think
they have guarantied the full and free right of
suffrage to every loyal man who had a right to
vote, and have only prevented the voting of trai-
tors and rebel sympathizers, whose votes could
not advance the public interest in any State or
district.
Mr. SATJLSBUUY. Mr. President, as the
Senator from Indiana has taken occasion to ex-
press his opinions as to the propriety of the in-
terference of the military with the freedom of elec-
tions in the States 
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. The Senator will
pardon me; I do not admit any such thing.
Mr. SAULSfJURY. Well, then, since the
Senator has chosen to deny that there has been
any impropriety on the pait of the military in
their interference with the freedom of elections in
the States, I cannot sit quietly as a Senator from
what was once a State of the American Union,
and the first to adopt the Constitution under which
we live, without saying to that Senator that I have
seen the armed soldiery (acting under the com-
mand, I suppose, of 44 the powers that be") ap-
pear at the polls at which I myself had a right,
according to the constitution and laws of my State,
to vote, and there, by positive interfeience, drive
men from the polls, take some men who had done
naught in violation of the law of the land either Fed-
eral or State, and incarcerate them in the county
piison; and no longer ago, sir, than last Novem-
ber, in the county in which I live, as soon as the
voters arrived on the ground, before they had of-
fered to vote, before they had approached the
polls, the soldiery seized them, fastened them up,
and kept them confined.
Sir, a majority of the legal voters of the State
of Delaware were, during the last special elec-
tion in our State—an election called to fill a vacancy
which had occurred in the other blanch of Con-
gress—disfranchised, not allowed to cast then-
votes in that State; and why? Because a majouty
of the legal voters of that State did not approve
of the action of this Administration. But, says
the Senator, nobody has been interfered with by
the military power of this country in reference to
his right to vote, who was not either a rebel or a
rebel sympathizer. Sir, I mean no disrespect to
that Senator, for I know the kindness of his heart,
but such expressions have become so common
that they can have no weight, even when uttered
by a Senator.
Take my own State. From the commencement
of these unfortunate troubles, in which brother is
found arrayed against brother, has there been any
attemptin that State, by any political organization,
or even by a mob, even by two persons united
together, to violate any law of this Government,
to give any aid or encouragement, by act or deed,
to those who are in revolt against the Govern-
ment ? I defy that Senator, or any other Senator
on this floor, to show where any attempt has
been made by any political organization in that
State to tear down the fabric of this once pioud
and glorious Union. No such effort has been
made; and yet, sir, the party in power finding,
before the last special election in that State, that
they could not send a Representative to the other
branch of Congress, a fellow, formerly living m
a neighboring State to that in which the Senator
resides, clothed with a little military brief author-
ity, publishes an order that no citizen of that
State should be allowed to vote unless he would
take such an oath as his alrnightiness should pre-
scribe. The brave hero of the blood-stained bat-
tle-field of Vienna, the hero of military operations
in a railroad car, makes his will the supreme law
of a sovereign State, and says to the majority of
the legal voters, "You shall not vote at the elec-
tion in your State for a Representative in Con-
gress, though you have every qualification pre-
scribed by the Constitution and laws, unless you
become a humble servant of the military hero
of the blood-stained field of Vienna." And, sir,
to execute his order, what does he do ? lie sends
his military forces to every election poll in the
State; he has them stationed there, his order
posted up, his men at the polls advertised before-
hand what they must do, and a sovereign State
becomes a plaything in the hands of an epaulet-
ted officer who has never illustrated his devotion
to the good of his country by any great heroic
achievements, but who, "clothed with a little brief
authority," has "played such fantastic tricks he-
fore high Heaven" as, if they have not "made
angels weep," have made good citizens mourn.
And at the previous election in my State, I, sir,
had to vote under crossed bayonets; soldiers were
stationed at the polls, and at some of the voting
places at that election peaceable citizens were as-
saulted by your soldiery. At one of the voting
places the judges of the election, who declined to
take the vote of an unnaturalized foreigner, who,
according to the constitution and laws of our
State, had not a right to vote, were threatened
that if they did not take that vote the ballot-box
should be broken; and the vote was taken. This
whole subject has been investigated by a commit-
tee of the Legislature of our State, and if the gen-
tleman will take the trouble to look through the
pages of their report, he will find innumerable in-
stances of such unlawful acts.
The Senatorsays there has been no interference
except where there have been rebels or rebel sym-
pathizers. Mr. President, is it not somewhat
stngular, somewhat strange,that theentire mem-
bers of one political party m one of the States of
this Union should all be rebels or rebel sympa-
thizers, no patriot to be found in their midst, no
peisou who loves his country, or cherishes the
institutions of that country, to be found within
that political organization; and that all the pa-
triots, all the gentlemen who cherish a fondness
for the institutions of their fathers, are found to
be members of the opposite political organization?
But the Senator and others may say," You could
have had the privilege of voting if you had gone
forward and taken the oath prescribed by this mil-
itary officer." Not so, sir. If every member of
the political organization to which I belong, and
to which I am proud to belong, had gone and of-
fered to deposit his vote, and professed himself
willing to take that prescribed oath, still, the de-
