1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL
it shnll be a subject for the market. I have been j
opposed all the time to this method of subsidizing !
citizens; but if that is to be the rule, then I would i
like to have the Government make the rule. I
shall therefore support the amendim-nt proposed
by the Senator from Indiana, to leave the law to
stand us it dees now. To .strike out the commu-
tation clause and enforce the draft would place
e vci y pfi son subject to the draft to an ununiform
tub1, and to fereat outrage.
7vli. LANE, of Indiana. This motion of my
colleague, as 1 understand it, is to strike out the
first section of the bill which repeals the $300 com-
mutation clause. If that be stricken out, there is
cei tainly nothing in the bill for which any Senator
need contend or have the least possible interest.
The whole body and soul of the bill is the repeal
of this commutation clause. Upon that have been
incorpoiated ceitain amendments which i think
have destroyed the efficiency of the bill as it now
stands.
If I understood the position of the distinguished
Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Foot,] it was this:
that he would vote now against the repeal of the
$300 clause, because the term of draft had been le-
duced ftom tin ee years to one year;and he believed
that very few would avail themselvesof the bene-
fit of that clause because the term had been thus
reduced. Sir, we are not without experience on
that subject. The draft m the fall of 1862 was
only for nine months, and almost as many men
paid t he it commutation then as were brought
into the sei vice under that law. And now, when
it is more difficult to obtain soldieis, if you retain
the £i300 commutation clause and draft for one
year, you will not get ten per cent upon your
draft; your armies will be exhausted; and at the
end of this campaign you will be in a position of
giving up the contest without an army. Sir, if
we are to pursue this contest in earnest we should
draft, and draft for three years, and make men
serve when they are drafted.
It is true, as Semuois around me say, that we
obtained but seven per cent, of those drafted for
thiee yeais; but I suppose we shall get no more
for one year. The reason why we draft at all is
because men are not willing to volunteer. It is
an involuntary matter to bung themmto the ser-
vice either for one year or three years, and 1 can-
not conceive that the argument will hold good.
We tiled the diaft for nine months, and we saw
how many paid the commutation; v.c found that
the law was an utter failuie. If this amendment
should be adopted, I caic not what other amend-
ment may be adopted, I shall feel constiamed to
\ot<- against the whole bill, for it is utteilyidle
and a mork -ry.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I desire to say one word
in iep!y to my colleague. Me forms ins opinion
as to the ),\sultof diafting, retaining the £300
clause, fn.m the icport of the Ptovost Maishai ;
Geneic'l made through the Secretary of War, as
I suppose, i understand fiom thechuiiman of the
Committee on Military Affairs in a speech this
aftei noon that, upon an examination of the whole
subject, so far as the diafuiii? has gone, we have
realized of the men drafted and of substitutes fur-
nish* d by diafted men fifty per cent, of tiie num-
ber drafted. Theie weie about eighteen districts
selected by the Pi o vost Marshal Genet a I in eight
diff-rent States and sent to the Secreraiy of War,
and that was sent to the Semite to <runle its judg-
ment. As soon us it was read to the Senate and
1 had on opportunity to express my opinion of it,
I said the judgment of the Senate could not web
rest upon a lepmt like that. It not woithyot
the respect in! con side i at ion of the See ate for a mo-
ment. That eighteen districts outof eight diffuiCnt
States presenting as favorably as possible the pe-
culiar \ lews of the Pi ovost Marshal Genet a! should
be sent m here is no guide for us, as I thought
then and as I am now assured by the statement
of the chairman of the committee. The chair-
man I understand to have examined the whole
subj'-ct as it now appears from the leturns m the
Piovest .Marshal General's office, and to have
said in h-s sptech this afternoon that it has thus
far r« suited m about fifty per cent, instead of
seven per cent.
Mr. WILSON. I saw this morning of the
number of men who iiad been dialled thiough the
whole country a list of about 28,000 returned to
the office. There were 4,400 in the list held, that
is, those who will go or pay the money or obtain
a substitute; over 9,900,111 round numbers 3.000, j
substitutes were fm lushed, and 8,40') had paid the
commutai ion money, showing that more than fifty
per cent, of all that had been drafted had been held
to service in some form, either to go themselves,
furnish substitutes, or pay the money, if we
aie to draft only for one year, and the man drafted
may go himself or get a substitute, or may pay
the £300, in my judgment we shall get five men
for one year easier than we can get one man for
three years under this act if the commutation
should stand just as it is and we should go on
vigorously drafting under it. I believe we would
fill up our Army very readily under it with this
change of time. That is my judgment.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. The statement of the
Senator from Massachusetts, the chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs, is not that fifty
per cent, of the men have been obtained, but that
out of 23,000 drafted 2,700 men have been ob-
tained and some 5,000 have paid their commuta-
tion.
Mr. WILSON. Eight thousand four hundred
paid commutation.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Eight thousand four
hundred paid commutation and 2,700 have stood
the draft.
Mr. WILSON. Three thousand obtained sub-
stitutes and 4,400 will get substitutes or pay the
money. The time has not yet expired for all of
them to report. Over 2,000 of them have not yet
repotted.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. What I wish to di-
rect the attention of the Senate to is this: out of
28,000, 2,700 or less have stood the draft, some
8,000 have paid the commutation, 4,000 have
hued substitutes, and some others have not re-
ported," as their time is not out; and it will stand
in that proportion till the end of time; and if you
do riot repeal this clause you will get no drafted
men under your law.
Mr. WILSON. Twenty-right thousand men
have been drafted. A little more than fifty per
cent., about 15,000 of the 28,000 have been held
to service in some form; the others were dis-
charged for disability. Fifty per cent, is about
ail we can hold undera draft. If we draft for 100
men we perhaps can get 50. Out of that 15,000,
4,400 weie put down as held to service, 3,000 fur-
nished substitutes, and 8,400 paid commutation.
You have, therefore, got the money for 8,400
men, you have got 3,000 substitutes, and you
have s;ot between two and three thousand men
who repott themselves. The balance will cither
^0 themselves, pay the money, or famish sub-
stitutes: and that is not yet determined, because
their time is not out.
Mr. McDOUGALL. If I understand the fig-
ures aright, less than one seventh of those who
were drifted responded to the draft in pcisoti.
Mr. WILSON. There were only 15,000 held
; m nil.
■ Mr. McDOUGALL. I thought there were
! 28,000.
i Mr. WILSON. There wmc 28,000) drafted,
j and of th^m but about 15,000 weie hoid. llie
' iem. under were discharged for disability of some
i kind. Those 15,000 were diwdud as I havestaterj.
1 This is a great deal better than we used to do
! under the old 'aw before we amended it at the last
' session, fifty per cent.better. With this change
; of the teim of .service to one year, I believe we
! sha'l easily obtain substitutes for §300, and we
! can fill up the Army, in my judgment, vety rap-
j idly if the commutation is allowed to stand, and
j if it is repealed you can do it.
! Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I will ask toe chair-
! man of u'e Coimiuitcc on Military Affairs one
'question to see that I undeisuuid 111m. Out ot
! 000 diafted men 15,000 were he'u. Now, is
I it not true tliat less than 3,000 have answered the
! draft in person ?
| Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir.
I Mr. LANE, of Indiana. AH the rest have lured
I .substitutes or paid commutation. We have got
2,700 men out of a draft of -23,0!XL That is the
whole of it, without goius; any further.
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 do not undeistand it so
I a' Mr. LANE, of Indiana. That is the truth
! about it. , r i
; Mr. JOHNSON. I am not sine that I under-
I stand "the chairman of the committee. We have
I drafted 28,000 men; but in relation to that draft
ns in rclation'to ail other <h'a'ftS"tt"certrti(i 'pl-opof-
tion of the men drafted are found not to befit fcji*
service. Of that 98,000, therefore, only 15,000
were found fit for service. What I want to k.riiuv „
of the honorable member from1 Massachusetts, if
he can tell me, is-, how many moil did"weg4t fi^o-
the service out of that 15,000 by being' p^csonfiify
hold to service, by those who fufniBKed" substi-
tutes, aiid by men who .were procured nhtit the
commutation which was paid into the Treasury ?
Ho w many tnen came into'the field'
Mr. WILSON.' We cannot dscertainexactly,
because the time isnot'yet oat for all the men lieltl
to report. 1 will state it again, arid I w&nt the
Senator from Maryland to listen.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am listening.
Mr.WILSON. We hold 15,000 out of the 28,000
who were drafted lately. That number of 'fnen
are divided in this form in the figures that I ex-
amined this morning: 4,400 were put down as
held, that is to personal service, 3,000 had fur-
nished substitutes, and 8,400 had paid the money.
You received the money for 8,400, you had 3,030
substitutes, and you had 4,400 held, although it
is piobable that of that 4,400 held to peisonal
service some will obtain substitutes or pay the
money in course of time as their time is not out.
It will be remembered that not long since, when
we had reported here the result of a draft for 14,000
men, just half of this, about 1,200 or 1,300 of tlutt
number reported themselves, and about 1,500 Or
1,600 obtained substitutes. If the same ratio is
preserved now, probably somewhere fiom 2,500
to 3,000 of these 4.400 men will respond person-
ally. Ifsay2,500 have responded, then we have
got 5,500 out of 15,000, besides what we have
raised in money.
Mr. JOHNSON. It is my fault; but I am a
little more confused now than I was before. I
" want to know if the honorable member can tall
me how many men under that diaft of 28,000
we have got into the field. I understand him to
say that there were only 15,000 of the whole
number found fit for sprvice; that of that 15,000
2,700 is the amount of those who were willing to
render persona! service.
Mr. WILSON. Four thousand four hundred
were put down as held; but General Fry said that
probably some of the 4,400 men put in the col-
umn of personal service would pay or would fur-
nish substitutes, as their time was not out, and
therefoie we have to estimate that number.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then we have got 4,400.
Mr. WILSON. And 3,000 substitutes.
Mr. JOHNSON, t want to see if 1 under-
stand myself. That is 7,000. Now, I want to
know winat was the amount of commutation
money paid by those who neither furnished sub-
stitutes nor entered the service themselves.
Mr. WILSON. Eight thousand four hundred
paid.
Mr. JOHNSON. IIow many soldiers will that
ge i ?
Mr. WILSON. Eight thousand fourhundred.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then we get 15,000 men.
Mr. GRIMES. That proceeds upon the idea
that each commutation of $300gets a man; hut
it does not get a man. Each one of the men that
have been obtained has received a bounty in ad-
dition to the $300 to induce him to go into the
SHV1CC. , ,
Mr. JOHNSON. That makes no difference.
Mr'. GRIMES. Yes, it does make a vayt dif-
ference. '
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on tlie amendment of the Senator from Indiana,
[Mr. Hendricks,] to strike out the fiist section
of the bdl.
The question bcin* taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 21, nays 18; as follows:
yi] Buckalew, Carliie, Clark, Collamer,
Cowan," Dhvi^, Dixon, Foot, Fouer, Harris, Hc'ridnelw,
.Tolm^on, MeD'maal), Morrill, Powell, UiCiiardson, Kiddle,
SuuL-buiv, Van Winkle, W illey,aud \Vi!>on—21.
K\YS—Mp^rs. Anthony, Brown, Cliandlci, Gonness,
1Wmt<n, Gnmes, Il-irlan, Howe, Laimoflhdmnn, Lane
oi Kan-a-i, Morsrm, Nesmiiti, llam>ey.Sherman,bprague,
Sumner.Ton I0\ek, and Tiumbnlt—18.
AB^KNT—Me^rs. Doolitth , Hauling, Henderson,
IJowanI, i'o.nuoy, Wad,-, Wilkin>on, and VVnght
—10. ' . ,
So th" amendment was f grcea to.
Mr CHANDLER. I move that the bill be
laid upon the table. It is now utterly worthless.
Mi. GRIMES. I want to moke one ctlort it
the Senator will allow me, to try and retrieve it.
