10 4
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 6,
be denied his vote at an election in cither of those
States?
Mr. POWELL. If the Senator from Indiana
will allow me, 1 will speak for Kentucky. While
I am up I will make a single remark, with the
permission of the Senator, not intending to dis-
cuss this bill at present. So far as the constitu-
tional^ question pyt by^the Senator is concerned,
there is no provision in the constitution of Ken-
tucky by which a man will lose his residence for
any temporary absence whatever. Our constitu-
tion, which is the fundamental law, prescribes the
qualifications of a voter in all cases. If he has
lived in the State of Kentucky two years, or in
the county one year, and sixty days in the elec-
tion precinct, he is .entitled t<5 vote there. That
is the provision of the constitution of Kentucky
on the subject. He must claim and prove that to
be his home, and then he can vote.
But I will inform my friend from Indiana that
at the session before the last, at all events since
the war broke out, in 1861, I think, the Legisla-
ture of Kentucky passed a law by which they au-
thorized the judges of the election, on a voter being
challenged by anybody, to administer an oath to
him that he had not borne arms against the Gov-
ernment of the United States and had not given
aid and comforts the rebellion. He had to swear
that he had not done either of these things before
he was qualified to vote. That is the law as it
stands to-day. I give it substantially. I do not
pretend to quote the words.
Mr. DAVIS. With the permission of my col-
league I wilt add another provision, which he has
forgotten, to that law. The law makes the joining
of the rebel army or of the rebel Government a
forfeiture of the right of suffrage.
Mr. POWELL. That is correct. Mr. Presi-
dent, it is not my purpose to enter into the merits
of this bill. I leel deeply indebted to my friend
from Indiana for the courtc.sy that he has extended
to me in voting to give it the refeiencel desired.
Their is no Senator on this floor for whom I have
a higher personal jegard. lie is never wanting
in courtc.sy and civility toward a Senator, no mat-
ter on which side of the Chamber he may sit. Put
on this occasion he was governed by another rea-
son: that the subject-matter of this bill was of
such a nature that the Judiciary Committee was
the proper one to which it should be referred.
However, I have been outvoted in that mattei,
and do not care very much about it. Still, with
great defeience to my brother Senators, I must
say, I think their decision wrong. I know it is
irrevocable, and that I have to submit to it, and
i am going to do it without any growling about it.
Hut 1 thought my friend from Indiana, in the
remarks he made, tried to throw the wet blanket
on my bill before it came up for consideration.
Ho says he thinks the soldiers have notinterfered
in elections. That he thinks so I have no doub:;
but 1 know that he is mistaken. It strikes me
that wise men, whether the thing proposed to be
prohibited by a law has ever been done or not,
would act with circumspection, with prudence,
with caution, and with eminent wisdom m pass-
ing penal laws to prevent offenses being commit-
ted, and to punish persons who commit offenses.
I suppose no State in this Union, no civilized
Government on the face of the earth, when they
framed their penal codes had citizens in their eye
who had committed the offenses proposed to be
punished. Whether there are any laws on the
statute-book on this subject or not is a question
ihat we should look to. if we find theie aie none,
then, as wis< lawgivers, the question is, whether
wc should or should not make such a Law. The
naked fact that we have had no soldier in the
Army of the United States heretofore who has
ever interfered in elections is no reason why this
law should not be passed. If that practice was
common, and they had so interfered, the import-
ance of passing the law would be eminent and im-
mediate. But, sir, a wise people, paiticuhuiy a
people like ours, who are the sovereigns, nnd where
that sovereignty rests upon the ballot-box, should
provide against all interference with ?],< firedoiu
of election by ofTieeis of the GoveiMU5ienf; and't
is eminently wise that we should pas'? every law to
protect the freedom of suffrage.
But, sir, without regard to the fact whether
.soldiers interfere in elections or not, we should
pass some law hk'* this. I confess I was amazed,
when f looked irtu oui -it.UiUes, to find no law of
Congress on the subject. We have laws there
punishing soldiers of the Army of the United
States with death for pillaging and plundering,
and almost n hundred other things, and prescrib-
ing milder punishments for milder offenses; but I
could fine none on the subject of interfering with
elections or the elective franchise. I thought that
perhaps the statute-books had been so badly in-
dexed that I was unable to find it, and I asked a
celebrated military man if there was such a law.
He told me there was none; and hence I have
deemed it my duty to introduce such a bill here.
But I can state to my friend from Indiana that
if he thinks there has been no military interfer-
ence with the freedom of elections he is greatly
mistaken. I have seen an officer of the gentle-
man's own State, with the rank of colonel—his
name is John W. Foster; for when I assault an
individual or censure his conduct 1 shall give his
name—I saw him in the county of Henderson,
where 1 live, arrest two citizens for exercising the
i ight of suffrage, and put them in prison; and he
kept them there until the next day, and then they
were turned out without any charge being made
against them, so far as I was advised. I saw
some four or five other persons arrested by this
same individual, and carried to headquarters, and
there interrogated and allowed to go free—all for
the purpose of intimidation.
I will tell my worthy friend that officers of that
sixty-fifth regiment of Indiana located at that
time in other precincts of that county went and
took their pens and struck from the poll-book
every Democratic candidate. They would allow
no man to cast his vote unless he voted for the
other ticket. That ticket of the Democratic party
was headed by IVIr. Wickliffe, my honorable col-
league during the last Congress m the other end
of the Capitol, and 1 never heard anybody accuse
him of disunionism.
1 will tell the Senator further—and these facts,
at the proper time, I will have proved, tf neces-
sary, in the Senate, for in a contested election
going on m that distiict the mailer has been
proved and is now being piinted—that m one
voting place in that district they sent a chaplain
to supervise the election; and he, with his own
hand, scratched out the names of certain candi-
dates, and then stood by and himself adminis-
tered the oath to voters prescribed by the procla-
mation of the military commander.
These things occurred in the town and county
in which I reside, I will tell the woi thy Senator,
fruLher, that I have in my possession proclama-
tions defining the qualifications of voters, and pre-
scribing oaths to be taken by voters, in the State
of Kentucky, issued by military commanders, in
conflict widi the qualifications and oaths pre-
scribed by the constitution and laws of Kentucky.
Those interferences should not have taken place;
but, as I have before said, even if no interference
over had taken place, I should still hold this to be
a wise law. I do not intend to stake the passage
of my bill on what has been done. I know it could
have no letro,icuve effect to punish those persons
who lunc violated the law; but I want it held up
in terrorem and to punish its violators in allfutuie
time. I want the freedom of the press, the free-
dom of speech, and the freedom of suffrage- pro-
tected in thocountry,and, if I could, I would visif
with the harshest punishments any officer of this
Government who undertook, m any way, to inter-
fere with the freedom of suffrage in any State of
this Union. The bill expressly says that a qual-
ified voter must be interfered with to make a per-
son amenable to it. If a person is a rebel, under
the iawb of Kentucky he is not a quahfii d voter.
I do not desire those who arc not qualified to vote
at ail; neither do I wish those who arc entitled to
vote to be depiived of that privilege. I believe I
shall have the concurrence of my friend from In-
diana for the passage of the biil whcneveriteomes
up; for the proof that I have, and will adduce to
him, will be such as to cause him to banibh from
his mind any idea he may have that no inter-
fetrneo has laken place.
Mi . LAi\Tlj,of Indiana. The remarks of my
A lend from ivMi'ucky were somew hat proloii^'Hk
so nnu'h so, that I have almost lm gotten the pre-
cise question to which I was speaking.
Mr. POWELL, it my friend will allow me,
I only intended them as an answer to his i emarks.
Mr. L ANE, of Indiana. The1 question was
simply in ic'aenu- to the constitutional uiovis-
ion as to voters in the State of Kentucky. That,
ifT understand my distinguished friend, was pre-
cisely as I have stated it. In addition lo that the
Legislature of Kentucky have passed a law dis-
qualifying rebels and rebel sympathizers from
voting.
Mr. POWELL. "Aiders and abettors."
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. "Aiders and abettors"
from voting, and disfranchising them from voting
forever. In addition, then, to the constitutional
provision the Legislature of Kentucky have done
precisely what General Schcnck undertook to do
by his orders; and I feel that my argument in fa-
vor of the order is very much strengthened by
showing that the Legislature of Kentucky, not
relying upon their constitutional provision, found
it necessary to go outside of that and pass an ad-
ditional law in words and terms precisely equiva-
lent to General Schenck's order; and a very wise
legislation it seems to me it was, too.
"Mr. POWELL. With the permission of the
Senator I will remark that I didnotintend tosaya
word about General Schenck, and have not done
it. Let me say, further, that the Legislature of
Kentucky certainly had the power to place any
qualification not prohibited by the constitution of
the State upon the voter. Whether that law of
the Legislature of Kentucky is constitutional or
not—and I have great doubts on that point; I in-
cline to the opinion that it is not constitutional—
certainly General Schenck has no power to pre-
scribe the qualification of a voter in any part of
this Union. If General Schenck had been a mem-
ber of the Legislature of Ohio, his own State, he
and his brother members, if notin violation of the
constitution of Ohio, could have done it in that
State, but he could not do it as a general eommand-
ingadepartment. Has General Schenck aright to
go to the proud and noble State of Indiana and
prescribe oaths and tests and qualifications to the
voters there? If he could not prescribe the qual-
ification of voters in Indiana, he could not m
Maryland. That is the point.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I have understood, as
a lawyer, that the qualification of voters was es-
tablish* d by the constitution of a State, not by
the Legislatuio of a State atall. But we will not
aigue that question.
Mr. POWELL. That will depend upon the
action of the constitutional convention.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the Senator permit me to
say a word ?
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS. I suppose the Stale of Indiana,
and every other State in the Union, has the right
to declare the forfeiture of the right of suffrage
upon the commission of crime. I presume that
the constitution of the enlightened State of Indiana
authorizes that scope of legislative action; ours
does; and it is that provision and lhat power
in our constitution which give to our Legislature
the right to define crime; and the Legislature hav-
ing declared that adhesion to the rebel government
or joining the rebel arms is a crime which pio-
duees the forfeiture of the right of suffrage, that
declaration deprives ihem of it, and authorizes,
of eomse, the judges of elections who exercise
q nasi judicial functions, to propound the question.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, lam not to be drawn
into a discussion of the constitutionality of the
Kentucky law. I think it a very wise provision,
and probably very concct; but when we proposed
lately, under the same piovision m the Constitu-
tion of the United States, to make a test disqual-
ifying disloyal men from becoming membcisof
tins body, 1 heard the power doubted on the floor
of the Senate. But I do not rise now to address
myself to that subject.
I understood my distinguished friend from Del-
aware to speak of a certain order issued by a mil-
itary commander. He did not name any one;
hut 1 suppose we all know he alluded to General
Schenck, for he was the military commander who
issued the oulcr; and inasmuch as the speech of
the Senator from Delaware was drawn out by a
nieie casual remark of mine, and the conduct of
Geneial Schenck has been brought into contro-
versy befoto the Senate, I think it perhaps neces-
sary to say one word in inference to that ord'*r,
and to the disparaging remark which' has been
made in reference to General Schenck, " the hero
of the bloody battle of Vienna.5>
Sir, what was the history of thai " bloody bat-
tle of Vienna'55 Gene-id I Schenck took a portion
