1150
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 16,
any assault on any particular general officer. It
is not a personal tlnn.?. The people find a large
number of major generals and brigadier generals
and their staff officers all over the country draw-
ing their pay regularly and performing no duty.
They are found'm almost every city in the Union
 major generals, brigadier generals, and their
staff officers, consisting of colonels, lieutenant
^coionels, majors,captains, &c. The people very
naturally ask, " Why is this? Is it right that we
should be taxe.d to support these officers in their
retirement, while we are sending out our sons for
thirteen dollars a month to fight the battles of the
country ?" In that condition of things Congress
convenes. Very soon after the assembling of
Congress, on the 14th of December, I think, I had
the honorof submitting a resolution, which was
adopted unanimously, culling on the Secietary of
War for a list of those general officers thus unem-
ployed, the amountof their salary, the names and
numbers of their staff officers, and the amount of
their pay; also calling on him for a list of those
general officers who were employed on duties not
commensurate with their rank.
I hold in my hand the answer of the Secretary
of War to that resolution. There may have been,
and probably have been,someehange.s made since
this letter of the Secretary of War was laid before
the Mouse." I think some of the officers mentioned
in the letter have been ordered to duty. Other
officers have been relieved ft om duty. From that
letter it appears that there were on the 11th of Jan-
uary, when the Secretary wrote it, fourteen major
generals entirely unemployed and eleven briga-
dier generals, the monthly pay of themselves and
staff officers amounting to At that time
the following officers were not doing any duty: of
major genorah, MeClellan, Fiemont, Koseerans,
Ru'eli/iYTcOiernand, Wallace, Milroy, Oglcsby,
Crittenden, McCook, tickles, Hancock, lfmt-
suff,and Ord. Of these generals, Oglcsby, Sickles,
Hancock, and Martsulf had been wounded. Ord
was sick and has since joined h is coi ps. Of brig-
adier generals there were Andrew Porter, Uor-
man, Ahererunibic,T. W. Sherman,Paul,Tower,
Dow, A mold, -Roberts, Meredith, and Harlow.
Most of them had either been wounded in the
service or were Mick. Sherman was severely
wounded at Port Hudson, Paul at Gettysburg,
and Tower at Bull Run. Dow was wounded anil
a prisoner at Richmond. Arnold was sieic. Par-
low had been wounded at Gettysburg,
(t also appeals from ihts report Ihut there are
llo less than eight geiieinl oilieers in command of
depots of drafted men, and since this h-lter was
prepared I think other olueers have been assign* d
to like duties. I think a general officer has re-
cently been assigned to the eommand of the depot
for drafted men at Springfield, the capital of my
State, although we have not a drafted man in the
State, and never have had, and arc not likely to
have. There is, 1 think, another general officer
in a similar position at Indianapolis, another at
New York, another at Portland, Maine, another
nl New Haven, and so on. Two geneial oflieeis
arc on duty ut the War Department performing
a sort of stuff duty, a soi t of clerkly duty, and yet
drawing more pay lhan any Assistant Secretary m
any one of the Departments of the Government.
Two major generals arcon the retiring board or-
ganized for the purpose of examining and relu ing
odicers of the regular Army. There is a briga-
dier geneial on duty, I think, with the Governor
of a Slate as a sort of rocruitms: superintendent
for thai .Slate; and so on. 11 r. unnecessary to go
over the entiie list, but theie are, or were at the
time this letter was prepared, thirty-nine general
oftieots on duties not commensurate wuh their
rank, members of various boards, on courts-m.u-
tiul. supei infeudimr recruiting scrviee,command-
ing depots of drafted men, and so scattered over
the eouniry, drawing the pay of officers com-
manding buiraiies, divisions,and corps in the fi.-kl,
and performing duties in the mam which could as
well be perfouiiod by a captain or a lieutenant as
by a biigadifi or ma jot genet U.
Now, sir, the question is simply then whether,
while the country is h( ing taxed and oppressed
with taX".s 10 the CN'tivmest point, while we are
passing enrollment laws and calling on the people
for a draft, making every effort and exertion to
Ruppoi t and maintain ocrarmiesin the field, while
the Tre-'v:ui y is groaning under the drafts upon it
to pay Uiu soldiers, whoso pay is often delayed
two, three, and four months from the time it is
due, we shall continue longer the payment of these
officers who are rendering no equivalent in their
services to the country?
The answer of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Cox] as I understand him is, first, that to drop an
officer from the rolls of the Army disgraces him.
Now, sir, there must be ahead of the Army some-
where. The Constitution of the United States
places that head in the Chief Executive, and makes
the Presidentof the United States the Commander-
in-Chief. I say there must be u head, there must
be an arbitrary j)owcrresiding somewhere in the
Government having in its control the organization
of the Army.
Well, sir, the President has relieved these men
from duty, and unless Congress assumes the right
to direct the management of the Army entirely,
you must take things as they are, and trust to the
Presidentof the United States to say when he shall
relieve an officer from duty.
The country finds these men relieved fiom duty,
dtawing their pay, returning to the Government
no adequate equivalent, rendering no service.
Shall we continue to pay them r That is the ques-
tion. Whether they have been rightfully or
wrongfully relieved ftom duty,shall wecontinue
to pay this sum from year to year while they are
rendering no service to the Government?, Why,
sir, the President made those men generals. They
were not born with an inherent right to be general
officers. Congress never passed any law thaW/iey
should bo geneial officers. 1 do not understand
that General McClellan or General Fremont has
either of them a life estate in a u'cneralcy. 1 do
not understand that the doctrine " once a general
always a general" applies to this class of men.
The President made them generals, and when he
finds them deficient, or believes them to be so,
he must have the power to unmake them or to
ivjii ve them iiom duty.
Mr. li KRHIC1C. Will the gentleman say that
the President has not now the power to leniove
any geneial fiom the Army?
Mr. FAUNS WORTH. The Piesidont has
the power by law to dismiss nny officer from the
A rmy arbitrarily, but as he does not exercise that
power, we propose in this case to punch up the
Ptesidentu little, and make him either return them
to duly or drop them.
Mr. l-lERLUCiv. You want to rid the Presi-
dentof the responsibility, and to put it upon Con-
gress,
Mi. FAUNS WORTH. I do not heat the gen-
tleman.
Mr. LIRRRH-K. I say that the object of the
pi ojiosition is .lo i ( lieve the President of respons-
ibility, and to let Congress assume it.
Mr. FA RNS WORTH. If the President does
not exercise that responsibility in conformity with
the demands of the people of the country, I want
Congress to direct him to do it.
Now, sir, how longshall these men continue to
draw pay and do no duty?
Mr. PICNDLFTON. ! undei stand the gentle-
man to say that the President has the power now
to dismiss from the Army any geneial offieerthat
he sees fit, and that he ought to exercise that
power whenever he deems the officer not compe-
tent to discharge the duties of his position, I ask
whet hot the only effect of this law upon the pow-
ers of the President will not be, where we have
officers incompetent to discharge the duties of their
offices, to relieve them fiom command for the space
of tin ee months, when they nccussai ily diop fiom
1M^i\ FARNSW011T1-1. Not exactly. This
law only pioviiies that oifieers who shall not have
been on duty within three months from the 1st
day of Apnl next—the original bill was 35th day
of March—shall be diopped from the iolI of the
Aimy. It is not- a continuing law that every offi-
cer who shall be absent three months shall be
dropped.
Mr. PENDLETON. Dot's the gentleman mean
to say that those ^enetals who have beennheved
ftom command by caprice, and not bc'fuiso they
were u-nworthy of their position, aio under this
hill to be dropped out of the Armv?
Mr. FAUNSWORT1J. I mean to say that
every general officer not performing duty com-
mensurate with his rank, and not upon duty
within three months from the 1st of April, shall
be dropped from the Army,
Mr. PENDLETON. Whether for cause or
n°Mr. FARNSWORTH. A section in the bill
provides for the case of his absence occasioned
by sickness or wounds.
^tlie bill is plain, and every member must un-
derstand it. The President has the power now
arbitrarily to dismiss any officer. I think he is
slow in exercising that power in some instances.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate noti-
fying the House that that body had concurred in
the amendment of the House to the amendments of
the Senate to House joint resolution No. 37, to
authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to antici-
pate the payment of interest on the public debt,
and for othef purposes.
UNEMPLOYED GENERAL OFFICERS AGAIN.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Now, sir,it is proposed
by this joint resolution simply to dispose of these
cases as we find them. It disposes of the general
officers who are running around the country and
doing no duty. 1 want such officers dropped from
the rolls. As to disgracing an officer, 1 have only
this to say: you do not add much to the disgrace
of an officer who has been relieved from duty six
or eight months and has been drawing pay for
that lime by dropping him and stopping his pay.
For my own part, I regard it as more disgraceful
for an able-bodied man with two stoutarms wear-
ing a major general's shoulder-straps to drawfour
or live hundred dollars a month from the Treas-
ury without doing anything in this crisis of the
country than to -relinquish his pay and commis-
sion. The officer who will draw his pay when
he has been notified by the Government that his
services are not wanted.—that they can be dis-
pensed with—disgraces himself more than by
being dropped from ln.s pay and emoluments.
Mr. MILLER, of Pennsylvania. Is not the
gentleman from Illinois aware that to-day one third
of the brigades in the field are commanded by those
whose rank is not above that of a colonel? I ask
whether it is not incumbent on the Committee on
Military Affairs to answer why this is the case?
M r. FARNSWORTH. It is the case that a very
laige number of brigades in the held—I do not
know whether so many as the gentleman states—
have been commanded by colonels for more than
a year. Why? Because these majorgenerals and
biigadiei-generals stand in the way of their promo-
tion. These officers who do no duty prevent these
worthy enlonels who have borne the heat and bur-
den ol ilie day from getting promotion.
Air. UERRICK. Whyilucs not the President
depnve these supernumerary generals of their
commissions?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That isa question the
gentleman had better ask the President.
I do not intend to make any personal attack
upon any one of these general officers. I do not
discuss their merits. I do not discuss theirmili-
tary ability or their political opinions. This res-
olution drops them in coup/es, ami they go out,
one upon one side and one upon the other of po-
litical questions. I do not inquire what their pol-
itics are, nor have I inquired what are the politics
of many of them.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I understand the gentle-
man from Illinois to say that ho thinks it a dis-
grace for any general offieerto hold his command
after Ik1 had been relieved from a particular ser-
vice. Does the gentleman mean to be understood
to say that whenever the President sees fit to re-
lieve an officer from a particular command it is
expected by the country and by the President
that he shall resign his office; ond that whenever
he is relieved from any particular command he is
to be considered in the eyes of the country as dis-
graced by the President?
" Mr. FARNSWORTH. I was replying to the
argument of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Cox]
who said that the dropping of these officers from
their position, pay, and emoluments was disgrace-
ful, and I said that it would not add to the dis-
grace of an officer who year after year had ren-
dered no service to the country but still diawshis
pay.
Mr. COX. The gentleman himself has been
in the service, and knows something about the
customs and feelings of military men, and I ask
him if a eeneral is relieved from active service in
