2126
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 5,
Mr. HEE4DERSON. Six per cent.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Tiien the effect of the
amendment of the Senator from Iowa with the
additional words which 1 propose to insert would
fix the rate of interest at six per cent, in Mis-
souri under these associations.
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire to allow these
banks to charge just exactly what other banks of
issue in the State charge. 1 do not want to make
any difference between them.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
desires to know whether the Senator from Mis-
souri proposes his amendment to the Senate.
Mr. HENDERSON. I do.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be re-
ported.
The Secretary read the amendment to the amend-
ment, as follows:
After the word " established" strike out " by'* and in-
sert " to be charged by banks of issue under so as to
read:
The rate established to be charged by banks of issue un-
der the laws of the State; &c.
Mr. SHERMAN. Suppose there are no banks
of issue in the Slate; in some States the constitu-
tion prohibits the establishment of banks of issue,
and there are no State laws regulating that; what
then ?
Mr. HENDERSON. Perhaps these words
should be added:
And when no such rate of interest is fixed by the laws
of tile State or Territory, the bank may take, rceeive, re-
serve, or charge a rate not exceeding the rate allowed upuri
special contract between individuals.
That will cover the whole case.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I regret that the word
"allowed" has been changed to the word "es-
tablished." It was done under the impression
oil the part of some Senators that it does not alter
the meaning of the law, and others think it
would give a very different meaning to the law.
My impression is that it would change the char-
acter of the law entirely to alter the word "al-
lowed" to " established."
The rate established by the laws of the State
of Illinois is six per cent. That is the established
rate of interest in my State, hut the law provides
that parties may by special contiaet agree lo pay
a higher rale of interest; hut that is not the "es-
tablished" rate of interest; that is "allowed;"
and if you leave the word "allowed" here, it is
just right. The committee had the amendment
in a pei feet shape, as I think, as they reported it
to the Senate, and 1 regret very much that-the
word "allowed" has been changed to the word
" established."
While 1 am up 1 wish lo reply to ibe Senator
from Iowa in riyrartl to the banks of my State.
He assumes that the banks in Illinois can charge
but six per cent. I thought he was mistaken at
the lime. I have since inquired of gentlemen
conversant with the banking institutions of our
State, and they tell me that it ia so, that the law
in the absence of n contract fixes the rate of in-
terest of the banks at six percent., but the banks
of Illinois may by special contract take ten per
cent., and are doing it every day.
Mr. GRIMES. Hanks of issue?
Mr. TltUMliULL. Yes, sir; we have no
other banks in Illinois but banks of issue.
Mr. GRIMES. You have bankers.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We have private bankers,
but 1 am .speaking of associations under our gen-
eral banking Jaw, whoaro allowed to form a bank
and deposit State stocks as a security for their cir-
culation, and are authorized to charge ten pet-
cent. interest by special contract. If there is no
contract the law is the same with a bank as with
individuals. Money which is due draws interest
after H becomes due, when 110 specific rate of in-
terest is specified, at six percent, both in favor
of banks and other corporations and individuals;
but there may, as I understand, and as I am in-
formed by gentlemen familiar with the banking
institutions of our State, be a higher rate by spe-
cial contract I admit thatlam not familiar with
those institutions5 1 know very little about bank-
ing; I have never had much money, and perhaps
know as little about banking operations as any
one; but 1 have been informed by gentlemen who
are engaged in banking in the State of Iflinois that
the reason why they did not organize under the
national banking system as it was adopted a year
ago, is that they were piohibited by the bill from
charging a higher rate of lntei est than six or seven
per cent. Seven per cent., I believe, was the
amount limited in the old law, and it was better
for them to bank under the State institutions than
under the national banking system at that rate.
As has been well said by the Senator from Ohio,
if we are to have this system adopted do not dis-
criminate; do not pass such a law as will hold
out an inducement for individuals to organize un-
der the State banking system rather than under
the national system. I hope that the amend-
ment will stand precisely as the committee agreed
upon it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I think the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Missouri on the
whole will cover the case exactly and put the
national banks and State banks precisely on the
same footing, because the next clause of the com-
mittee's amendment itself provides that where
there are no laws fixing the rate of interest the
national banks may charge seven percent. I de-
sire to treat all those associations alike and put
them on precisely the same footing with the State
banks so far as this matter of taking interest is
concerned. I do not want to give to one an ad-
vantage over the other. If you say that the na-
tional associations are to take whatever they are
allowed by the laws of the State, in some of the
States they can take ten per cent, when by the
laws of those very States the other banks are not
allowed to take more than seven per cent. For
instance, in the State of Iowa I understand banks
of issue are allowed to take eight per cent, inter-
est, white a contract may be made specially for
ten percent, interest,so thata bank under this act,
under this language, could take ten per cent, while
a State bank in Iowa could take only eight per
cent. That certainly is not right. I do not pro-
pose to give the national associations this advant-
age over the State banks in this particular of re-
ceiving interest; nor do I wish to give the State
banks an advantage over the national associa-
tions. I think, therefore, that the provision of the
amendment of the Senator from Missouri, that
these associations shall be allowed to charge the
same rate of interest which the banks of issue in
the respective States and Territories are allowed
lo charge, will put them precisely on a footingof
equality, and then as to those States and Terri-
tories where there are no hanks of issue, the
committee's amendment provides that the rate
shall be seven per cent.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I should like to ask
the Senator from Wisconsin a question. In our
State private bankers are allowed to receive ten
per cent, interest. Do you think those private
bankers will give up ten per cent, to take seven
or eight per cent, interest under this bill?
Mr. GRIMES. Certainly. They do not issue
paper now.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Yes, a sort of paper.
Mr. GRIMES. That circulates as currency?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Yes. They issue
notes, and they circulate. If you limit your na-
tional banks to seven or eight per cent,, or any-
thing below ten per cent., we shall not have any
national banks in Kansas.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I can only say, for one,
that I will never vote for a bill allowing national
banks to go into the States and Territories and
charge a rate of interest equal to ten per cent.,
unless the State or Teiritory where they are lo-
cated allows its banking associations to do the
same. It is too exoibitant to allow any corpo-
ration to have such powerm the loaning of money
anywhere in the country, to allow it to go to such
a rate as that,
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Our law does allow
private bankers to receive ten per cent, on special
contract.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not know precisely
what the state of the banking system in Kansas
is or what its private bankers are. Are those
private bankers bankers who issue by the lawsof
the State of Kansas a paper circulation to circulate
as money ? Is there such a system as that, or are
those private bankers men who are mere brokers
that get the bills of other banks and discountnotes
with those bills of other banks or associations?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. They loan their
money under the law allowing the ten per cent,
to be taken on special contract, and yet they is-
sue their notes that are circulated as currency.
Mr. JOHNSON. They do not circulate them
under the law.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. No.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Those notes are not is-
sued under any law, and are not legal; they are
merely shinplasters, as they are called, and I do
not proposein any national bank bill thatwepaso
fo recognize such a system of banking as that.
The PRESlDENTpro/empore. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Mis-
souri to the amendment.
Mr. GRIMES. I wish to know of the Sena-
tor who has charge of the bill if he is satisfied
with the amendment of the Senator from Mis-
souri as it now stands.
Mr. SHERMAN. I was satisfied with it until
I found that gentlemen who are acting in concert
with the Senator from Iowa are not satisfied with
it, but are tinkering it and fixing it up. I know
that the amendment as agreed upon in the Com-
mittee on Finance was well and carefully con-
sidered, and was intended to confer on these
national banks the same privileges that are con-
ferred by the laws of the States on other associa-
tions and individuals, and therefore, to avoid the
controversy, I will move to reconsider the vote
on the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Iowa which was adopted, and let us have the
original amendment stand just as it was reported
from the committee,which 1 know was considered
carefully, and which will allow those national
banks the same rate of interest as is provided for
by the local law for the people within their own
States, if the States choose to change their law,
they can change it at any time. My own prefer-
ence, however, as 1 have already stated, is to es-
tablish a uniform rate of interest by our law; but
having been overruled on that point, I prefer now
to place the national banks in each State on pre-
cisely the same footing with individuals and per-
sons doing business in the State by its laws.
Mr. GRIMES. That is a very pleasant altern-
ative that the Senator proposes to my State, for in-
stance, that if they are not satisfied with the rate
of interest this Congress establishes for them, the
Legislature can be convened by the Governor two
years in anticipation of the time fixed by law at
an expense of one or two hundred thousand dol-
lars to establish a different rate of interest from
that which has been established by Congress at the
instance of the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. SHERMAN. Allow me to suggest to the
Senator that Congress does not say a word as to
what shall be the rate of interest in iowa, hut takes
the laws of iowa, and presumes that the people
of Iowa had sense enough to pass laws to fix the
rate of interest for their own State.
Mr. GRIMES. We had sense enough, wesup-
posed, to provide for what cases might arise, and
fixed the rate which should be charged by the
banks of the State; but now Congress, at the in-
stance of the Senator from Ohio, creates a batch
of banks and authorizes them to take what it is
considered usurious interest for a bank to take in
that State. No bank is authorized in that State
to take ten per cent, a year; but under the law,
as the Senator proposes to pass it, these banks
will be authorized to take ten per cent., which,
if taken by a State bank, would cause an entire
vitiation ofthe contract between the bankand the
individual of whom it received it. Now, when the
people of the State of Iowa are satisfied that that
is against the public policy of the State which has
been settled by them for years, the alternative is
presented to them that they ran convene the Legis-
lature, atan expense of $200,000, two years in an-
ticipation of the time fixed by theirconstitution.
I understood the Senator from Ohio to be per-
fectly satisfied with the amendment substituting
the word" established" for the word "allowed."
Mr. SHERMAN. I am yet.
Mr. GRIMES. Then the Senator must not lay
on my back any of the sins of those gentlemen
who he says are in collusion with me tinkering
this bill. I have had nothing to do with it; lam
willing to siand by the amendment to which the
Senator agreed, and to vote against all these other
propositions if the Senator will himself agree to
stand by that amendment, and 1 will not accept
anything more. If the Senator will withdraw his
motion to reconsider the vote by which the word
" established" was inserted in place of" allowed"
I will vote with him on this amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will take the Senator at
his word and withdtaw my motion.
Mr, i1 iiibbLNDhlS. I hope the Senator from
