1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
105
of his force out to the front, and was waylaid by
the rebels, and attacked at Vienna, and some ten
or fifteen of his men were killed, and perhaps
twenty-five wounded. It was an unfortunate af-
fair where blame properly attached to no one, as
I understand it; and I understand that to have
been the decision of the military authorities of
the country, for shortly after that battle General
Schenck, instead of being reprimanded, was pro-
moted and made a major general in the armies of
the United States.
My distinguished friend from Delaware has not
seen fit to refer to any other military services of
General Schenck except that one. Is he not ad-
yised of the fact that General Schenck has fought
nobly in many battles since? Is ho not apprised
of the fact that his Arm is paralyzed to-day from a
wound received on the bloody battle-field of the
second Bull Itun? Ishenotapprisedof the further
fact that since all these things he has been tri-
umphantly elccted to Congress in the Vallandig-
ham district in the State of Ohio, and that he is
now one of the most honored members of the
Other House? I am not here to undertake the idle
task of pronouncinga eulogy on General Schenck.
If the history of the countryis not sufficient praise,
any words of mine surely would not add to it;
and I only say thus much because incidentally
my remarks have been the occasion of this seem-
' ing attack upon him.
Mr. SAULSBURY. If the Senator from In-
diana will allow me, I am not here to make any
assault upon General Schenck, or anybody else,
for any acts not warranted by facts within my
knowledge. If General Schenck lias acquired
any laurels in this war, I would not detract from
them. If he has acquired any fame in this war,
I would not lessen tnat fame. But if, in speak-
ing of his government in his department, I have
spoken with some degree of heat, it is because I
recollect—and that recollection is fresh in my
memory—the gross oppiession to which a por-
tion of the people of my State have been unwar-
rantably subjected by his oiders and by his con-
duct.
One word more, and I have done, for I do not
wish unnecessarily to prolong this debate. I will
state to the Senator that the evil from these orders
results not so much from tho making of the orders
themselves as from the mode in winch they are
carried out. A military officer knows very well
that, in making these unconstitutional and un-
warrantable orders, he intrusts their execution to
comparatively irresponsible men, and the grossest
oppression has resulted in their execution. I will
state one fact to the Senator from Indiana. I
know his frankness and his candor, and should
like to have his opinion of it. In one of the vot-
ing districts of the county in which I live, at the
opening of the polls the judge of the election an-
nounced that the military had made this order,
and that he intended faithfully to execute it, and
ihat he should administer this oath to every voter
at that poli. One party in the State did not vote
at all. Ninety-five persons appeared and took
the oath, and nineteen belonging to the party to
which the gentleman belongs refused to take the
oath, although presciibed by the military, and
offered to be administered by the judge of the elec-
tion, and thereupon a provost marshal was sent
for, who appeared upon the ground and threatened
to arrest the judge of election if he administered
that oath to those persons. They were, I pre-
sume, assumed to be loyal.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I will only detain the
Senate one moment further. I understood the Sen-
ator from Kentucky to say that Colonel Foster,
of Indiana, had been guilty of very many impro-
prieties in conducting the dcction in Kentucky.
1 will ask the Senator if Colonel F->ster wns not
then acting under a general order of General
Boyle, commanding the department of Kentucky,
in carrying out that election?
Mr. POWELL. I do not think General Loyle
ever issued any such ordeis. He may have acted
under General Sluvkieford.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Did not General
Boyle issue an order on Thc-subjc't of ch'otK-nsv
Mr. POWELL. lie did ibsue an order, but
not such a one as this.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. And Colonel Foster
• w.as proposing to carry it out.
Mi .POWELL. I suppose he was acting under
Geneial Shdck'tfuHl.
Mr. WILSON. The motion is to refer this bill
to the Committee on Military Affairs. I am cer-
tainly willing that it should go to my committee,
if the Senate so order; but I wish distinctly to say,
before the vote is taken, that I am opposed toany
action whatever on the subject-matter embraced
in it. I am opposed to action for the reason that I am
in favor of what the Government has done. I shall
stand by this action of the Government here, else-
where, and at qll coming times. It is a fact, and
we know it, that in the States of Delaware and
Maryland there arc traitors as bitter and hostile
to the Government of the United States as there
are in the States of Virginia and South Carolina.
They have manifested it on more than one occa-
sion. The Legislature of Delaware passed a series
of resolutions that had the taint and odor of moral
treason about them. No truly loyal man could
have voted for the resolutions that passed that Le-
gislature butashorttimeago. These men in Dela-
ware are quite as reluctant to take the oath of al-
legiance as is the Senator from Delaware not now
present [Mr. Bayard] to take the oath required
by the Senate. I am in favor of administering
the oath of allegiance to members of the Senate,
and of the Government, and of requiring men to
swear loyalty to their country. I am in favor of
keeping from the ballot-boxes of the country any
man who is not willing to take the oath of alle-
giance to the country in this hour of its trial. We
know that in Delaware, in Maryland, in Kentucky,
and in Missouri, there are men who, throughout
this rebellion, have been for the rebellion, and
have been more or less active in the cause of the
rebellion.
I justify the action of the Government, and I
hope it will continue so to act till the close of the
rebellion; for I see plainly that the men who can-
not succeed by bloody war, will, when baffled and
defeated by our biave soldiers in the field, rush
to the ballot-box, hoping there to win what they
could not conquer in the field. I hope the policy
of the nation will be to require those men, when
they approach the ballot-box to take part in the
government of the country, to swear before Al-
mighty God fidelity to the country. The Gov-
ernment is false and recreant if it allows a traitor
who shrinks from taking such an oath to put a
vote in the ballot-box. 1 happen to know some-
thing about the late election in Delaware as well
as the Senator fiom that State, though he is bet-
ter entitled to speak for that State than I am. But
I know what the order was. It simply required
an oath of allegiance to be taken. That is all.
Who shiank fiom it? Was there a loyal man in
Delaware who shrank from taking the nnth of
allegiance in this crisis of our countiy? Was
there a man whose heart was for his country, who
favored the eiushing out of this rebellion, and
who favored the keeping from the ballot-box the
men whose hearts were ill the tebel States, who
shiank from it? No, sir. There were men theie
who were reluctant to take upon their lips the
oath of allegiance to their countiy; and in order
to make an outciy about it they declined to go to
the polls. They knew that whether they took
the oath or not they would be defeated in the elec-
tion, so they made a virtue of necessity. Lven
if they had voted, there is no doubt of what would
have been the lesultm that State. _ It was a fore-
gone conclusion last autumn, and it will be so in
the next election, for that State is taking her po-
sition, as other States are, by the Government of
the country, and for the Govei nmeiit of the coun-
try, and against the cause, the only cause, of this
iebe!ho:>,and of all I his crime and bloodshed that
have stained our country.
General Schenck on the battle-field has devo-
tedly fought for his country, and he now bears,
and is to bear while he lives, the evidence of it
upon his person. IJis administration of the af-
faus of the department of Maryland were con-
ducted with gieat ability, and won the confidence
and admiration of the loyal men of that depart-
ment and of the countiy. His wise and statrs-
lnjnhkc policy in that department is befoie^the
' count' v; and y< t, sir, he is denounced hrre. Gen-
ci.il Buiu-vJe and Miiei f-rneials ere denounced
for ihen action in 10 ntucky; and so it has been
I wherever an effort has been made to preserve the
: ballot-boxes of the country for the patriotic and
' loyal men of the country of all parties. Sir, I
have no respect for these efforts to protect icbels
| mid leliel syi'ip-Uhut is.
Mr. POWELL. I should like to ask the Sen-
ator who denounced General Burnside? I have
not heard his name mentioned before.
Mr. WILSON. 1 did not hear the Senator de-
nouncehim in thisdebate. He referred, however,
to the action of the military authorities iti Ken-
tucky, and we know that General Burnside issued
an order in regard to the last election in Ken-
tucky, for which his name has been branded ftoir.
one end of the country to the other, if not in the
Senate to-day. So in the State of Missouri, the
loyal men of that State asked the Government to
interfere by military force to keep disloyal men,
the men who arc fighting for the rebellion, from
the ballot-box. It may be that some officers em-
ployed may have made mistakes; there may have
been some improper action; but that is incident
to all matters of government, civil or military.
But the general object, the general purpose was
well intended, patriotic, and right, i stand by it
now, and I demand that the Government shall
stand by it in the future, and that as these rebel
States are broken down by the military power of
the country, the men who have the blood of loyal
men on their hands and on their souls shall not
go to the ballot-box and control the destinies of
those States or affect the policy of the Govern-
ment unless they take an oath of allegiance to the
country, and swear to Almighty God to stand by
the country they have striven to destroy. I know
that many of these rebels will swear, and swear
falsely. It seems that these men who have raised
their hands against their country have lost all
sense of honor and all fear of God. I have little
confidence in the men who take the oath of alle-
giance, but I would require it of them, and no one
of them should ever be permitted to approach the
ballot-box without taking that oath of allegiance
to their conntrv.
Mr. POWELL. If the Senator will allow me,
I should like to ask him a question. He has spoken
very dcnunciatorily of those persons whose hearts
he says are in the rebel States, and he speaks very
approvingly of the military orders aboutelections.
I wish to ask the honorable Senator from Mas-
sachusetts this question: has the military com-
mander of a depaitmcnt in one of the loyal ,or
adhering States the power to issue an order pre-
scribing the qualifications of voters in that State—
I am speaking of a loyal State, a State that ad-
"heres to the Union—when those qualifications are
in conflict with the constitution and laws of that
State,and enforced by test oaths? Ihatisaques-
tion 1 should like him to answer.
Mr. WILSON. I cannot think there is any
doubt about it at all in a .State like Kentucky a
State that has had thousands of its men in the
ranks of the rebellion; a Stale over a large portion
of which theie has been civil war. 1 do not think
there can be any question that the officer who has
command in the State of Kentucky has a right to
enforce the laws of that State and protect loyal
j men in voting, and keep disloyal men out, unless
; those disloyal or suspected men are willing to
' take an oath of allegiance to the country.
! Mr. POWELL. With great deference to the
| Senator, he lias not answered my question. I
; asked him if the commander of a military depart-
ment in the loyal States, a State like Massachu-
setts, for instance, or Ohio, or Indiana, has the
light to prescribe qualifications for a voter, by
proclamation or order, when that proclamation or
order is in violation of the constitution and laws
of the State ? The Senator says they had a right
to enforce the laws in Kentucky. 1 am able to
show to the Senator that the military commanders
there, notwithstanding our law is very stringent
on this subject, have issued proclamations outside
of the law, prescribed qualifications for voters,
and made them take test oaths, and went far be-
yond our law in some respects. I want to know
where they get the power to do this?
I have been taught to believe that under our
system of government the people of each State
had the right to fix the qualifications of its voters.
So says the Constitution of the United States ill
the clause in which it fixes the qualification for
, voters for officers of the Federal Government. It
!j says they shall be qualified who are qualified by
! the laws of the States to vote for members of the
j most numerous branch of the State Legislature,
indicating dearly that it is with the States to fix
I the qualification of voters. I repeat, I have been
; tai-'lit to btheve th-'t this v.a-; a powu that be-
