1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2127
Ohio will not do that. I think the clause does
not stand ris:ht now. *>
Mr. SHERMAN. I look upon it that the
word "established" and the word "allowed"
have substantially the same legal signification.
Senators may do as they please upon it, but I
look on the two woids as precisely the same.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not consider them
the same, so far as Iowa is concerned, at any rate.
I think as a general rule " established" and " al-
lowed" are the same thing, but it seems that in
the State of Iowa " established" and "allowed "
do not mean the same thing.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Nor do they in my State.
Mr. FESSENDEN. NOrdo they in the State
- of Illinois. That i did not understand when the
words were put in. I do not know, however,
that I object to it if other States are let alone.
Mr. GRIMES. We propose to let you alone.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But it strikes me that it
operates very curiously. We must alter our bill,
why? For the reason that they have in the State
of Iowa three rates of interest: one for private
persons at the present time; one for bankers at the
present time; and a third for other piivatc per-
sons who do not make a special contract. If we
just provide a general rule that the same rate of
interest shall be allowed to be taken by these
banks that b allowed in the State where the bank
happens to be located, I do not see that it is un-
reasonable to say that the States may conform
their legislation to it, and aliow just what they
please. I do not think we should legislate with
regard to such a peculiar state of things existing
in one or two States, and change our legislation
to conform to it. I do not want any ruic made
such as is proposed by the Senator from Wiscon-
sin, [Mr. Doolittle,] by which these banks, un-
der special contract, may take a rate of interest
greater than is alrowed by the laws of the State
in the general course of proceeding.
Mr. CONNESS. Did I understand the Sen-
ator from Maine as moving to reconsider the vote
on the amendment of the Senator from Iowa in-
serting " established" in olace of "allowed?"
Mr. FFSSENDEN. 1 did not move it.
Mr. CONNESS. I make that motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is not now
in order. The pending question is on the amend-
ment of the Senator from Missouri.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. There is in my judg-
ment a very great difference between the "word
"allowed" and the word " established," and 1
will illustrate the case by what I believe to be
the present law of the State of Wisconsin; at
all events suc.h was the law not long since, and
I am not aware that a change has been made in
the rate of interest. The rate of interest as
allowed by law, certainly until quite recently,
between individuals, on the loan of money in my
State has been ten per cent. By the constitution
of the State of Wisconsin, no banking system
could be abolished but by submitting the banking
system directly to a vote of the people. The
banking system under this vote and tinder this
constitution has been so arianged that the banks
of issue should have this peculiar privilege over
all other people, the blessed privilege of getting
interest on what they owe instead of paying in-
terest as other men do on what they owe; and
the State has determined that they shall not be
peimitted to take more than seven percent, in-
terest on what they owe the community, for the
whole secret of this paper money banking is
nothing but a contrivance to get interest on what
men owe instead of interest on what they lend;
it is to exchange their notes without interest, to
get other men's notes with interest. It is the
highest privilege that ever can be given to a mo-
nopoly in the world, and a privilege wkich ought
to be looked upon with considerable jealousy
when we are thus parceling it out among certain
favored individuals to exercise this right among
the people. Now shall we by law establish here
the right of these corporations that are to be
framed under this act to go into the State of
Wisconsin and go to banking at ten per cent, in-
terest, when by the laws of Wisconsin the banks
there can take but seven?
Mr. FESSENDEN. They cannotdo it under
the law.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Why cannot they do it
tinder this law ? " Allowed" is the word. "The
rate allowed by the laws of the State or Terri-
tory." I say that if I am not mistaken the law
has been until quite recently that the rate of in-
terest on special contract between individuals on
a loan of money might be ten percent, in theState
of Wisconsin. I am not quite certain whether
that law was not amended at the last session of
the Legislature. I have not had occasion to bor-
row or lend money, so that I am not prepared to
state from present recollection. I will take the.
law of Iowa as it is stated to me by the Senator
from Iowa. The Bank of Iowa in that State—
and it is regarded as a good institution through-
out the country as far as I know its characterand
standing—is allowed to take eight per cent.;butif
a private individual loans his money in Iowa he
can take ten per cent., and you propose by this
bill to allow these associations to take ten per
cent, in Iowa in banking and give them this ad-
vantage over the banks of the State of Iowa.
That is the#effect of retaining the word " allowed"
instead of the word " established;" and therefore
I hope the Senate will not reconsider. It is mak-
ing an invidious distinction against the banking
systems of these States which will bring on a
conflict which I think it is no time now in the
condition of the financial world for us to engage in.
Mr. FESSENDEN. You make an invidious
distinction against your banks now.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The distinction is made
against the banks because the banks are endowed
with special privileges; and when you give them
special privileges that private individuals do not
have you have the right to put limitations upon
them which you do not put upon individuals.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Will theSen-
ate agree to the amendment proposed by the Sen-
ator from Missouri to the amendment?
Mr. HENDERSON. I hope the amendment
will be adopted, and then I suppose it will be in
order to move a reconsideration of the vote by
which "established" was substituted for "al-
lowed," so that we can putin the word "allowed"
again. I will state that, so far as my information
extends, generally in the West banks of issue are
not allowed to receive ashigh a rate of interest on
their loans as private individuals are.
I believe that the rate of interest generally es-
tablished in the West is about ten per cent, on
contracts between individuals, perhaps in almost
every State; but I do not suppose that any bank
of issue in the West is allowed to charge ten per
cent, on its loans. I am unwilling to enable these
banks to charge a greater nUe of interest than the
banks already established. If gentlemen are de-
termined to destroy the State banks, of course it
would be perhaps well enough to pass the amend-
ment as it came from the Finance Committee, be-
cause unquestionably if it be retained as it now
is, the banks under this law may charge ten per
cent., whereas all o*hef banks of issue can charge
only eight per cent. Therefore it is a bonus of
two per cent, given in order to induce capital to
enter into this system. Itisaloanoftheir credit,
and they ought not to be permitted to take as
high a rate of interest as may be taken for the
loan of gold as between individuals. It will be
recollected that they receive five or six per cent,
interest upon the bonds which they have depos-
ited; and this proposition will allow them to re-
ceive in addition ten per cent, upon the loan of
their credit in all the States of the West. The
States generally do not permit banks of issue to
charge as great a rate of interest as individuals. I
hope that the amendment 1 have offered will be
adopted.
Mr. POWELL called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
The Secretary called the roll.
Before the result was announced—-
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask peimission to make
a suggestion. I wish to suggest that if this
amendment could be made a little more definite
there might perhaps be no objection to it. There
may be and there are States where no particular
rate of interest is fixed for banks, and this pro-
vision ought to provide for that case.
Mr. HENDERSON. The Senator certainly
did not understand what I said a few moments
ago. I propose if this amendment be adopted to
follow it by inserting the word "such ' after
" no," in the seventh line, so as to read, " when
no such rate is fixed by the laws of the State or
Territory the bank may take, receive, reserve,
or charge a rate not exceeding seven per cent.,"
and instead of "a.rate not exceeding seven per
cent." I would say "a rate not-exceeding that
allowed to be charged on special contract to indi-
viduals. "
Mr. FESSENDEN. That might carry it up
to ten per cent.
Mr. HENDERSON. I do not care.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 think by general coil-
sent we had better suspend the, call of the yeas
and nays and let the whole question be passed'
over for the present and letustrytoadjust.it.
In the present shape of the proposition I do not
think the Senator will reach his object.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let the Senator from Mis-
souri withdraw his amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. And then let the ques-
tion be passed over for the present.
Mr. HENDERSON. f did not offer the
amendment with any intention to cripple thebill,
and 1 hope Senators do not ascribe that purpose
to me.
Mr. FESSENDEN, Mr. SHERMAN, and
others. Withdraw your amendment.
Mr. HENDERSON. I am willing to with-
draw it if Senators desire that it shall bte with-
drawn.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Ifthe Senator withdraws
it we can try and arrange the matter.
Mr. HENDERSON. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment can be withdrawn only by unanimous con-
sent. The Chair hears no objection; theamend-
ment of the Senator from Missouri is withdrawn.
The question now is on concurring in the amend-
ment made as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest that we pass
over this amendment for the present, and go on
with the others; and in the mean time this can be
so worded as perhaps to meet all the difficulties
of the case.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That course
will be taken, if there be no objection.
Mr. CONNESS. Do I understand the Senator
as wishing to pass over the question of reconsid-
eration ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I propose to let the amend-
ment stand as it is for the present, pass it over,
and come back to it; and then thatquestion of re-
considering will be open.
Mr. CONNESS. I prefer to have the vote by
which " established" was inserted in place of " al-
lowed" reconsidered now. Then the amendment
will stand as it came from the committee.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think that would be as
well.
Mr. CONNESS. I make the motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from California moves to reconsider the vote on
the amendment striking out "allowed" and in-
serting " established."
Mr. GRIMES. Do I understand that the Sen-
ator merely wishes to make the motion, and then
let it stand over?
Mr. TRUMBULL and Mr. SUMNER. No;
let us finish it.
Mr. GRIMES. Is it the understanding that
then this section is to be passed by and we are
to go on with the rest of the bill, and arrange this
matter afterwards ? ["Yes."]
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is the understand-
ing; and it may be as well, therefore, to let this
vote be reconsidered.
Mr. CONNESS. I did notenterinto that un-
derstanding; but if there is ageneral understand-
ing on the part of the Senate, I do riot wish to
violate it. I do not see why we cannot bring the
bill back now to where it was as it came from
the committee, and then any arrangement that
Senators see fit to enter into about it will be sat-
isfactory to me.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is precisely the un-
derstanding. It may be reconsidered, and then
let the amendment be passed over for us to come
back to it again.
Mr. CONNESS. Very well, then, I ask for
the question.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion to reconsider the vote agree-
ing to the amendment of the Senator from Iowa
to the amendment.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Now let the amendment
be passed over for the present.
