3104
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 20.
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled an act (S. No. 145) to mcreasc
the-pay of soldieis in the United States Army,
and for other purposes; when the Speaker signed
the same.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was teceived from the Senate, by
Mr. Forney, iis Secretary, notifying the House
that that body had agreed to the amendment of the
House to the forty-third amendment uf the Sen-
ate to the Indian appropriation bill.
POTTAWATOMIE LANDS, ETC.
Mr. WILDER submitted a joint resolution se-
curing payment to the Delaware and Pottawato-
mie Indians for lands sold to the_Leavenworth,
Pawnee, and Western Railroad Company, now
known as the Union Pacific Railroad Company,
eastern division, and demanded the previous
question.
Tiie joint resolution was read a first and sec-
ond time.
The previous question was not seconded.
Mr. WILSON moved that the joint resolution
be referred to the select committee on the Pacific
railroad.
The motion was agreed fo.
Mr. WILSON moved to reconsider the vote
just taken; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MISSOURI CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. UPSON, from the Committee of Elections,
submitted a report accompanied by a resolution
that Hon. John G-. Scott is entitled to retain his
seat m this Hou^e as a Representative fioni the
third congiessional district of Missouri; which
was laid on the table, and otdered to be printed.
RESERVATION OF MINERAL LANDS.
3\lr. BROWN, of West Virginia, submitted a
joint resolution reserving mineral lands from the
operation of ail acts passed at the present session
granting lands or extendmg the time of former
grants; which was lead a first and second time.
The joint resolution provides that no act passed
at the present session of Congress granting lands
to States or corporations to aid in the constitu-
tion of roads, or fur other purposes, or to extend
the time of grants heietofore made, shall be so
construed as to embiace mineral lands, which in
all case's shall be and are reserved exclusively to
the United States.
Mr. WASH BEJRNE,of Illinois. Thatisjust,
and I hope it will be passed.
Mr. BROWN, of West Virginia, demanded
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. WILSON. I think that the joint resolu-
tion ought to be refeiied to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. DltiGGS. It has been considered by that
committee, and they are m favor of it.
The joint resolution was ordeied to be en-
grossed and read a thiid time; and being en-
grossed, it was accoidmgly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. ALLISON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
FOREIGN MAILS.
Mr. KINNEY offered the following resolution,
on which he demanded the previous question:
Resolved, That tlx1 Committee oti the Po-t Ofliceand Bo*t
Road- be in-uueted to inquti e into the expediency of re-
])(>i tiiii* a bill at tin: present s-e^ton of ConLr <\-s repealing
t>o mm ii of the fourth *ei ticii of an act entitled ** An act
tf) piovide toi  mi tying the mails to foieiEn pni approvd
March 5. ISO 1. piohUnt- tne c.ui\!ulto! new^papei.-and
other punted matt**) on th" oveiiand mail route iiomivan-
and ea^t iiom CalUotma; and that they lepoit bj in!!
or odieiv\i->y.
The previous question was : econded, and the
mam question ouh-red to be put; and under the
opeiation thereof the usoiution was agreed to.
Mr. KINNEY moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to
AMENDMENT OP POSTAL LAWS.
Mr. NORTON introduced a bill ([I. ft. No.
476) to amend the postal laws; which was rend u
first and second time by its title.
Mr. WILSON. It seems to me that is a curious
bill to introduce under a call of States for resolu-
lions.
Mr. NORTON. The bill isan important one,
and has been thoroughly examined, section by
section, by the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads. The committee has no opportunity
to report, and this was the only plan the/"could
see to get the bill before the House.
The"SPEAKER. The bill will go over under
the rule if discussion arises. The Clerk will read
the bill. It is a long one.
Mr. WILSON, i suggest to the gentleman
that the vote be first taken on seconding the de-
mand for the previous question. If the previous
question is seconded the bill can be read after-
wards. I think we shall save time by thatcourse.
Mr. NORTON. How can mem'opis know
whether to vote forsustaining the demand for the
previous question without first hearing the bill
read ?
Mr. MALLORY. I rise to a point of order.
The bill must go over under the rule, as gentle-
men are debating it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has demand-
ed tiie previous question, and this discussion is
out of order.
Mr. MALLORY. Then my point of order
is that the question must be put on seconding the
demand for the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
suggested that the bill be read, and the gentleman
from Iowa asked that the vote be first taken on
the demand for the previous question, as, if that
faded, there would be no necessity for reading
the bill. Does the gentleman from Ohio accept
that proposition ?
Mr. NORTON. No, sir.
Mr. WINDOM. Has notice been given of the
introduction of the bill?
Mr. NORTON. No, sir. I offered the bill
under the call of States, and I suppose i have the
right to do <?o.
The SPEAKER. The Chair wilMiave the
rule read which requires notice to be given.
The Cleik read the rule, as follows:
" llo. Eveiv hill shall he mtioduml on the report of' a
committee, m bv motion foi leave. In the latter *-a-e, at
leu-it one day's' notice .-hall be given of the motion in the
House, oi by tiling a memoiandum thereof with the ('Jerk,
and having it etneied on the Join mil; and the motion - hall
be made, ami the bill i odueed, if l.'.ne i- giwn, when
resolutions ate called for; - nch motion ut the hill w hen in-
nodueed maybe committed.''
The SPEAKER. As notice harj not been given,
the bill is not properly befoie the House.
Mr. NORTON. The bill was introduced by
me when the States were called, on request of
the chairman of tiie committee. It has been well
consideied by the committee, and ought to be
considered, I have no more mteiestmit than
every oilier member.
The SPEAKER. The bill is not before the
House.
ARBITRARY ARIIKSTS.
Air. ROSS introduced the following ievolution,
on which he demanded the pre\ious question:
RciolteJ, That all poisons not in the imhMty or naval
seiviee of the United State- who have been aue-t"d and
inipti-otied b> the agent.- of tin* Government without pro-
ee-- ot law, and lelea-ed u tfiionr tr.al oi examination, ate
cnUtled to the -ame pay and iii'lcaif' foi the uuie they
wuic d^puved of then Lb at) as membersoj Consre-.- ; -and
the Committ"e of Claim-- art; hereby in^tiuetul fo lepoit a
b.Ii at aii e,u!> day toi tn.it puipoMJ.
The HoitM' r( fused to second the demand for the
previous question.
Mr. WILSON. I propose to debate the reso-
lution .
The SPEAKER. Then it goes over under the
rule.
TRADE WITH REBELLIOUS DISTRICTS.
Mr. INGERSOLL introduced the following
resolution, on which he demanded the previous
question:
itewZivi, That in the opinion of this Ilou-e alJ p^i.mt-
hcretoiot.' i-.-ued by the 'i iy iJ< paiiii:i_,it to any p-.i-
-ofi or pen-on-, all"'Wiii'i mu It pi"Min nr pewm- totiade
i! with in the 1'i-rN of any of fhe S uuh- now m h.'ietoiore j u
\\ lebelhon. .-iioulti at once be levoked and no moie u— m\j.
|j Mr. FENTON. 1 ask my friend if it would j
11 not be well to refer this resolution to the select I
committee to investigate the affairs of the Treas-
ury Department, to which this subject has been
specially referred?
Mr. INGEllSOLL. I prefer that the House
should pass upon the subject. If the House sees
fit to refer it, 1 shall not olivet. 1 demand the
previous question upon agreeing to the resolution.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Ingersolland
Mr. McKinney were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 55, noes 40.
So the previous question was seconded.
Mr. ASHLEY. I move to lay the resolution
on the table.
Mr.W. J. ALLENdemandedtheyeasand nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 67, nays 71, not voting 44; as
follows:
YEAS—Mes^r-. Alley, Andeison, A-liley, Baxter, Sea-
man. Blair, Boutwcll, James tf. Blown. William G. I>to\vu,
Amb'iose W. Chnk, Fteeman CJatke, Cole, Ciaven.-, ('res-
well, Dixon. Edgerton, Eldiidcre, Eliot, Euirh-h, Fenton,
Fiank, Gaifield, Cooch, Hale, Benjamin G 11 trn<, Iliuhv,
ilotehkt-s, A-aliel W. Hubbard, John II. HubbauL I Iul-
burd. JuLan, Kalbtiei-eh, Kat-sou, Ivcllej , Fiam i- W. Kel-
logs, Knox, Longs ear, >1 ai ey, Me Bride, Samuel F. Mil 'or,
Momhead. Daniel .Morns, Amos Mw rs Xobie, Odell,
Citailes O'Neill, LVirv, Tike, Pnee, 1'iiiyn, iladloid,
Schenck, Seofiekl, Shannon, Sloan, Panther.-. Stevens,
Sttouse, Thomas, Traey, Upson, William B. Washburn,
Whaley, Wheeler, Williams, Wilder, and Wmduin—67.
ft A YS—Mes-sii. James 0. Allen, William J. Allen, Alli-
son, Ames, Aneona, Arnold, Bailv, Augu-tu-C Baldwin,
Joint D. Baldwin, Blame, B!Boyd, Biook?, Chanier,
Cohb, ColFioth, Cox, Daw-ou, Demmg. Dogg^, Eekiey,
EdenFinek, G.nison, Guder. Gi i-wold, tlatding, IIairing-
ton, Chade* 31 HariNj Ileitiek. Hotmail, Ilntduus, hi-
geisoll, Philip John.-on. William Johnson, Knapp, Law,
Laz-'ar, Le Blond, Loan, Mailory, McChug, MclJowell,
M< lilt Joe. Mt Kinney, William II. Sliilei, Jnines R. Mot rt^,
Moiri-on, Ne|-on, Notion, John CNeiil, Orth, Fattei -on,
Pomeroy, Samuel J. Randal!, John U. lliee, Hoimi-on,
James S. RoHnts. Ro--. tfeo'u, Joim B. tfteele. Siiles,
Stuait, Thayer, Van Valkenbuigii, Wachwoith, Elthu Ji.
Wa&hbut tu', Chtlion A. White, Joseph W. White. Wil&on,
and Wtnfield—71.
NOT VOTING—Messrs.. Blow, Biandegee, Broomall,
Clay, Ilemy Winter Davis, Tjiotnas T. F)avi-, Dawe^,
Dentson, Donnelly, Dinnont, Fain^wortb, Wrnnx1!!, Hall,
Iloopet, Jenckes, Oilatulo Kellogg, Kertian, king. Little-
j<)hn, Long. Mai voi, McAlli.^ter, Mi.ldleton, MornJ!, Leon-
aid Myets, l'endletoti, Peiham, Willnun II Handall, Alex-
Mider J I. Rice, Roger-, Edwaid H. Roi ii us, Smith, Spaldine,
fctarr, Stebhms, William G. Steele, tf weal, Vooi het:-, Ward,
W( b-t<'t*, Benjamin Wood, Fernando Wood, Woodbridge,
and Yeaman—44.
So the Hou3c refused to lay the resolution on
the table.
During' the roll-call,
Mr. DEN ISON stated that he had paired off*
v, iili Air. Hroomall.
Mr. CRESWELL stated that Mr. Davis, of
Maryland, was stilt detained from his seat by
reason of sickness.
Mr. HOTOHKISS stated that Mr. Little-
joiiNf was detained from his seat by indisposition.
The result of the vote was announced as above
recorded.
Mr. FENTON. Is ltnow in oidurto move to
refer the lesolution to a committee?
ThebPEAKER. It is not, the previous ques-
tion having l)ecn seconded.
Mr. PRUYN. Is it in order to offer an amend-
ment J
The SPEAKER. It is not, for the same reason.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the previous question was seconded.
The object is simply to provide a mode in which
permits may be issued by the Secretary of the
Treasuiy heieafter.
The SPEAKELl. The morion is not debatable.
Mr. WILSON. I move tu lay the motion ti>
reconsider on the table; and on that motion i de-
maud tellets.
Telleis wete ordered; and Messrs. Eckle? and
Tiio\i\s were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 50, noes 59.
So the House refused to lay the motion to re-
consider on the table.
The question recurred on the motion to recon-
sider; and being put, there were—ayos58, noes 40.
So the vot< by which the previous question was
TsecmdeJ was reconsidered.
The question lecut red on seconding the demand
i foi the pievious question.
Mr.tf*SAG K FROM TIIE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Fornky,
its Secretary, informed the House that the Senate
