1152
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 16.
that tribunal report their opinion to the President,
arxdif they reportan officer as unfit for a command
commensurate with his rank he is to be dropped
from the rolls of the Army according to the sub-
stitute I have offered as certainly and effectually
as by the resolution proposed by the Committee
on Military Affairs.
The responsibility of deposing these generals
does not belong to and ought not to be assumed
By Congress. Gentlemen who advocate the adop-
tion of the original resolution conccde that the
President has had the power to dismiss them if
they were incompetent, and it was and is his duty
to ao so if the good of the country required it.
His friends should not ask Congress to relieve
him from the performance of this duty by legis-
lating them out of office, the meritorious and the
worthless, without distinction. If the idea is that
by this mode of procedure he is relieved from the
responsibility, and this body can do it by a vote
without any individual being responsible, it ia a
disreputable mode of effecting the object. If the
officers aimed at or any of them are unfit for the
rank they hold, the welfare of the country requiies
they should be dismissed, and it is the duty of
the President to dismiss them at once; and if he
has not the courage to perform his duty J will give
him a board of officers to aid him in determining
who arc unfit to be retained; but I will not con-
sent that Congress shall relieve him of his re-
sponsibility by voting them out of office without
knowing or having the means of judging who is
meritoiious and who worthless. I, for one, will
not be a party to legislating an entire class of of-
ficers out of the Army to relieve the President
from the duty of dismissing those of them who
are not fit to be intrusted with the duties of their
rank,or from the responsibility of leiaining men
in position and underpay who are not serviceable
to the country.
Again, sir, the proposition of the committee is, in
my judgment, most unwise. A class of general
officersby it—without charges against them,with-
out an opportunity to them of being heard as to
why they are not inactive, service, why the Pres-
ident has not assigned them to commands—are
to be legislated out of the Army. It looks most
unjust anil unfair toward them; and they and their
friends will justly feel that they have been unfaiily
treated. Two of the generals who by this reso-
lution, if adopted, would be dismissed fioni the
Army are General McClellan andGencial Ftc-
mont. The^ have been mimed in thus debate.
Each of these generals has friends and admirers
in the Army and throughout the country, and 1
submit to those, even, who may notthink highly
of General Fremont as a commandei, whethei it
is a wise measure for the country, whether it will
have a good effect upon the soldiers m the Army
who may be attached to him, for Congress by
law to strip him of his rank ami dismiss him from
the Army, and that, too, without his having any
hearing or trial by any tribunal ?
What effect upon the Army and the country
will such a proceeding again sf General AleClellan
have ? The effect of dismissing him from the ser-
vice without there being charges made against
him or a hearing accorded to him, upon the sol-
diers who have followed and fought under him
upon manya bloody field, whose faith in and iove
for him are unshaken by the detraction which a
partisan, unscrupulous press has hurled against
him for months, may be inferred from the cheers
■which arise from them whenever and wherever
they hear his name mentioned. This proposition
of the committee, if adopted, will impress upon
the minds of a large body of soldiers, and upon
a large portion of the community, the conviction
that from political prejudice and jealousy you have
dealt unjustly with one who has deserved well of
his country, and who is both able and willing to
serve her faithfully and effectually in these times
of trial and of danger if he be granted but an op-
portunity to do so. Therefore, for the sake of
the country, if not in justice to General AleClel-
lan, I submit that this resolution should not be
passed, by which he would be summarily dis-
missed from the service. It is the grossest in-
justice.
Let the qualifications of McClellan, Fremont,
and every other officcr aimed at by the resolution,
he examined into by a competent board, not of
partisan politicians, but of Army officers; and if,
in the opinion of such board, they are unfit for
command, let them be dismissed—let them no
longer draw pay—but do not decapitate them,
without hearing or examination, by resolution of
Congress. This is unprecedented; especially is
it an extraordinary proceeding when the Presi-
dent, as Commander-in-Chief, has the power to
dismiss them, and his political friends are in the
majority in Congress. I would deplore the evils
which such an act would bring upon the armies
of the country. To dismiss in this summary way
officers who have friends throughout the country
and in the Army who believe they are competent,
who have friends among their brother officers who
so believe, would be regarded not only as an act
of injustice, but as one insulting to them as sol-
diers.
Upon this ground alone, then, it seems to me
gentlemen ought to vote in favor of the substitute
which I have offered, and against the oiiginal prop-
osition as reported by the committee. The substi-
tute will relieve thcTreasury of the burden of the
payment of unworthy and incompetent officers.
Eveiy man affected by the original resolution
would go before the board created by the substi-
tute; and his fitness for command will be exam-
ined into by officeis to be selected by the Presi-
dent, who now allows these men to remain idle.
If they are found fit and competent, then they
ought not to be dropped, for we need all the able
officeis that wo have in the countiy, or we may
soon need them.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farms worth]
said that it was disgraceful for an officer relieved
from command to draw his pay ami emoluments.
Does he think that the officer whom the Com-
mander-in-Chief has seen fit to relieve, but whom
he has not dismissed, having the right and it being
his duty to di^misshim il lie is unfit; does he think
because he has been relieved that it would be
creditable for such officer to resign m a pet and
say that he would no longer serve the country?
If, there be disgrace in reference to (he nun-em-
ployment of oilieers who are really fit, it rests
upon some other depai tment and upon some other
officer than the m.ui who says, " I am ready to
pei 11 my life. 1 stand ready to end me the dangeis
of war in the service of my country. I am anxious
to doit,and whenever i am called upon 1 am will-
ing to do it. " No disgrace tests upon the soldier
who, inWmg done his duty faithfully in the field
and whom the Commander-m-Cluef does notdis-
miifs for nieomp* ti ncy when he has the power to
do ho, who when relieved, to use the language of
a rough man in my country, stands lernly 'Mo
draw, whenever they hitch him up, for the good
of his country."
Sir, I cannot believe that any body of legisla-
tors, faking the facts just as they are said to be,
huung one class of officers who have been ap-
pointed, some of whom can do no good, and others
aie fit for and woitiiy of the stations to which
they have been promoted—1 cannot believe that
any legislative body, that this Mouse, will say by
act of Congress that we will drop them all,that
we will diop the able, fit, brave, deserving officers
for the puipose ofgeitmg lid of the officers who
are not hi for the position which they hold. Let
us meet the question like just men, not afiaid to
do our duty. Let us say that we will relieve the
Tieasury from every man not fit for the place he
holds, and that we will give him a hearing before
we do so, and that we will not dismiss, oi " diop,"
to use f he language of the resolution , from the ser-
vice of the United States any officer who is able and
willing and also stands ready to assume every
responsibility that devolves upon him.
GOLD BTLL AO AJN.
Mr. ROGERS. I r^k thegcnthmian from New
York to yield to me for a moment.
A1 r. K KJ \ N AN. Certai nly.
Air. ROGERS. I ask unanimous consent of
the House to record my vote on the gold bill.
There was no objection.
Air. ROGERS. ' 1 voted in the negative.
Mr. CHANLER. I ask the same'privilege.
Air. STEVENS. I must object. I do not know
wheie this thing isgomg to end.
Ah. CHANLER. It does not affect the result.
Mr. STEVENS. I must object.
UNEMPLOYED OFFICERS AGAIN.
Air. KERN AN. Mr. Speaker, I will be par-
doned for again asking every man in the House
whether he does not think it will be detrimental
to the country, detrimental to the cultivation of
the proper spirit in our Army, or parts of it, to
have it said that this House legislated Genera]
Fremont out of office? Will not those who have
followed and have faith in him feel that it is a
cowardly stab at him and his friends? Ihey will
say that the President of the United States, who
appointed him and knows all about him, has the
power to dismiss him, with cause or without cause,
and that he has not done it, but that Congress has
come in and legislated him out of office without
assigning a single reason.
Take another general to be affected. What
effect will it have upon the army of the Potomac,
which has firm faith in and affection for its old
leader? What effect will it have upon his friends
throughout the country ? It will be said that he
was voted out because the President has not seen
fit to employ him, although brave and competent
and ready to respond to any duty. The naked
injustice of such a proposition is apparent to all.
We propose to strike down without cause the man
who saved this nation at Antietam.
That officer came to a disorganized though
brave army,abeaten army which had been driven
back upon the capital, when the tide of war was
rolling onward toward the northern States. He
had then been relieved of command, was idle just
as he is now, but he promptly came at the call
of the country, and that aimy gathered around
him and had faith in him that he would lead them
to meet victoriously the enemy which had just
driven them under General Pope through Vir-
ginia toward the capital. They did gather around
him and under him, did fight a battle and gain a
victory which slioukl never be forgotten by the
man who loves the Constitution and hopes this
Government of ours will be upheld.
Mi. SMITH. I ask the gentleman from New
Yoik to yield to me a moment, that I may make
a special report from the committee to which was
referred the resolution relating to Gales and Sea-
ton.
Air. KERNAN. I will yield.
The SPEAKER. Though this committee have
leave to report at any time, they cannot report ex-
cept by unanimous ,consent when the House is
engaged upon any other question.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Then I object. s
Air. KERNAN. I was willing to yield; but as
objection its made, I will resume. I will occupy
but a few moments more.
What faith will the soldiers and officers we are
now calling into the field have in the gratitude of
Congress and the country when they find that the
President, thtough prejudice, through pressure,
through importunities which politicians are ever
pressing upon a man in his position, has relieved
an accomplished and patriotic general from com-
mand; and then Congiess, undei the plea that he
ia unemployed, (no other suggestion is here made
against him,) unemployed when all know he is
leady and willing to serve, legislates him out of
the A rmy ?
I trust and hope that gentlemen will believe that
in opposing this resolution I have not been influ-
enced by partisan feelings. It seems to me this
resolution is unwise, unprecedented, and unjust,
and therefore it should not be adopted. Forthe
.sake of.our own body, for the sake of the Gov-
ernment, for the sake of our countiy, I submit
that we should reject the resolution proposed and
adopt the substitute, which provides for the ap-
pointment of a board which will relieve the Treas-
ury, and which will take from the service incom-
petent men, and at the same time leave in the service
of the country men upon whom we may very soon
hpve to call to aid in the fearful struggle which
is going on in our country, and which tlueatens
its destruction.
Air. GARFIELD obtained the floor.
Mr. FENTON. Will the gentleman give way
and allow me to make a motion to postpone the
further consideration of this matter for a little
while? It is evident we cannot get through with
it to-night.
Air. GARFIELD. I only desire to make a
very few remarks.
Air. FENTON. I think we had better post-
pone it.
Mr. GARFIELD. I am willing to postpone
the question if the gentleman desires it; but I
havefso few remarks to make, I think it best to
present them to-night.
