1154
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March
knows what kind,of influences would combine
after all to reach the result to which such a board
would arrive. The whole scheme is entirely im-
practicable for any good purpose. We are com-
pelled by the necessities of the case to do some-
thing *o remove this evil; and what i desire to do
is to compel a decisive course, either of assigning
these men to active duty or of dropping their
names from the rolls of the Army. We see the
prospective effect of the measure already. Since
its introduction several of these officers have been
assigned to positions who might otherwise have
remained unemployed for some time to come.
Mr. PENDLETON. I desire to ask my col-
league, toho seems to be arguing against the fea-
sibility of the appointment of a board of officers
to examine into the merits of each individual case,
whether it is not true that by a regulation of the
"War Department a board has heen organized to
examine into the qualifications of officers with
a view of ascertaining their fitness for active ser-
vice in the field; and if that be so, whether it is
Jiot as feasible to appoint a board that shall ex-
amine into the qualifications of these officers?
Mr. GARFIELD. I answer the gentleman
that there is a boaid now holding its sessions in
Wilmington, Delaware, for the purpose of retir-
ing disabled officers of the regular Army. There
is no board which examines officers as to their
mental and moral fitness for active service.
Mr. PENDLETON. Does notthe board pass
upon their general ability to hold commands?
Mr. GARFIELD. No, sir; upon their phys-
ical ability or disability only.
Mr. PENDLETON. 1 would like to inquire
whether there is not also a retiiing board for the
Navy, and whether the same rules may not apply
to the examination of officers of the Army as of
the Navy ?
Mr. GARFIELD. I understand the duties of
retiring boards both of the Army and Navy re-
late exclusively to superannuated officers.
Mr. PENDLETON. 1 ask the gemlonmn
whether under the legislation of Congress some
years ago a board was'nonorganized before whom
all officers of the Navy could be brought, which
examined into all their qualifications, physical,
mental, and moral?
Mr. GARFIELD. That may he true; but there
is a wide difference between the military and naval
service in this, that efficiency in the naval service
depends mainly upon a man's knowledge of sea-
manship, a profession which may be said to have
taken rank among the exact sciences. It is one
thing to examine a man m reference to ln.s quali-
fications for a naval officer, but u is quite another
to examine him with reference to those adminis-
trative powers which fit him to command success-
fully as a ffcnrral in the Army.
Mr. KERN AN. 1 ask the gentleman to allow
Bie to say that I think if he will look at the organ-
ization of this retiring board he will find that they
examine officers as to their qualifications in every
respect to discharge their duties as officers.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Let me ask whethei
Congress has not provided by law that the Pies-
ident, without any boaid and without any exam-
ination, may retire officers, who have been in the
Service for forty-five yaws, upon half pay*
Mr. GrAK FIELD. Certainly. But, Mr. Speak-
er, while it is true that we have laws for the or-
fanization of retiring boards for the Army and
Tavy, there has never been a law to constitute
boards to examine and recommend men for gen-
eral officers or general officers for dismissal from
the service. Such a thing was never known in
this country, and, to my knowledge,&m.h a thin"
was never heard of in arty country on the globe.
Now, sir, letme repeat, in conclusion on this sub-
ject of examining men for their fitness to com-
mand as general officers, that you might as well
appoint a board to examine men with lefeience
to their fitness to hold positions m this House of
Representatives or the Senate, or to become Chief
Executive of the nation. You cannot make any
examination that will be of the slightest conse-
quence in that behalf. if anygentieman can pio-
posean amendment dechuingthatthis House docs
not censure any general officer, that it expresses
no opinion of any general officer, that it does not,
interfere with the military Commander-in-Chief
of the Army, but that it is simply protecting the
Government against a waste of the public money
and the Army in the field against injustice; I do
not care what the amendment is, so that it will
cover that ground, and shelter your friend* and
our friends, 1 will vote for it. Still more; if any
gendema'n here can show me how we can correct
the evil I have referred to and wrong no officer,
i will not only follow his suggestion, but will pro-
nounce him a public benefactor.
But in the absence of some better plan I shall
do what I can to secure the adoption of the one
proposed in this bill.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN obtained the floor.
Mr. ASHLEY. I move, with the consentofthe
gentleman from Illinois, to postpone the further
consideration of this question till this day three
weeks,and on that motion I call for the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered.
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope that will not be done.
It is necessary to settle this question while we are
organizing a new campaign.
And then,on motionofMr. FARNSWORTH,
(at twenty-five minutes past four o'clock,p.m.,)
the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, March 17, 1864.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was rend and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented a petition
of discharged soldiers of the State of Ohio, pray-
ing that all soldiers who have been discharged
from the Army on account of wounds or disease
contracted while m the service may be allowed a
bounty of $100; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. FOSTER presented a memorial of the
American Oiiental Society, praying for aid m
making explorations in China and the adjacent
countries; which was referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations.
Mr. ANTHONY presented five petitions of
citizens of Providence, Rhode Island, praying for
increased facilities for the transportation of mails,
passengers, and freight between the cities of New
York and Philadelphia; which were refoned to
the Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. WILSON presented a memorial of Robert
Hawing and four hundred others, laboring men,
citizens of New York, remonstrating against the
extension of the Goodyear patent for the manu-
facture of vulcanized India rubber, and represent-
ing that the renewal of patents injures the labor-
in" interests of the country; which nvas icferred
to the Committee on Patents and the PatentOffice.
Mr. POMEROY presented the petition of Mi-
ami Indians, praying that the Secretary of the
Interior may be authorized to ascertain the arrear-
ages due. them, and for the prompt payment of
the same out of the funds set apart by the treaty
of June 5, 1854; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. JOHNSON presented a petition of a com-
mittee on behalf of messengers, laborers, and
watchmen employed m the several public Depart-
ments, praying for an increase of their salaiies;
which was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. WADE presented a memorial of the Hoard
of Trade and shipmasters of Buffalo, New York;
a memorial of the IJoard of Trade and shipowners
of Cleveland, Ohio; a memorial of shipowners
and Board of Trade of Toledo, Ohio; and a me-
morial of shipmasters of Chicago, Illinois, pray-
ing for the improvement of Frankfort harbor,
Michigan; which were referred to the Committee
on Commerce. j
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. COLLAMER, from the 'Committee on j
Post Offices and Post Roads, to whom was re-
ferred a bill (H. R. No. 299) to provide for car-
rying the mails from the United States to foreign
ports, and for other purposes, leported it with
amendments.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Committee on Indian
Affairs, to whom was referred a bill (S. No. 80)
to provide for the better organization of Indian !
affairs in California, have instructed me to report j
it back, with an amendment in the nature of a j
substitute. I will state that I desire to take up i
this bill at an early day, in order that it may be i
passed before the Indian appropriation bill. i
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Olaniin,
to whom was referred the petition of Ephiann
Hunt, praying for compensation for his seryices
as a soldier m the late war with Great Britain,
submitted an adverse report thereon. •*
Mr. WILSON, from ihe Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was re-
ferred a joint resolution (S. No. 4) authorizing
the Secretary of War to appoint a board.of offi-
cers to audit the accounts of the citizens of Law-
lencc, Kansas, reported adversely thereon.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, to whom was referred a message
of the President of the United States in relation
to the adjustment of claims between the United
States and Ecuador, reported a bikl (S. No. 178)
to carry into effect the convention with Ecuador
for the mutual adjustment of claims; which was
read, and passed to a second leading.*
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Printing, to whom was referred the motion to
print the petition of the confederate bands of
Wea, Peoria, Kaskaskm, and Piankeshaw Indi-
ans, reported in favor of the motion; ahd it was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a motion to print three thousand ex-
tra copies of the report No. 25 on the bill (S. No.
99) to secure equality before the law in the courts
of the United States, reported in favor of the mo-
tion; and it was agreed to. He stated that this
was not a unanimous report, having been made
by the sanction of a majority of the committee.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a motion to print the letter of the
Governor of Wisconsin to lion. T. O. Howe,
accompanied by a statement and proofs of losses
by certain persons in that State by a violent ie-
sistance to the draft at Fort Washington in No-
vember, 1862, reported in favor of the motion;
and it was agreed to.
PRINTING OF A MEMORIAL.
On motion of Mr. WILKINSON, on belialf
of the Committee on Territories, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of the Chamber of Com-
meice of Milwaukee, Wisscuiimh, praying for the cont-ti no-
tion of a \v igon road to the Temtoty of Idaho, and That
military piotcction may he afforded to the .>ame, be punted.
NOTICE OP A BILL.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, gave notice of iiis in-
tention to ask leave to introduce a bill for the re-
lief of the confederate bands of Weas, Peorias,
Ivaskaskias, and Piankeshawindians of Kansas,
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. MORRILL asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 177)
to authorize the construction of a street railway
in the District of Columbia, and for other pur-
poses; which was read twice by its title, anu re-
ferred to the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, in pursuance of pre-
vious notice, asked and obtained leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 179) to aid the State of Kan-
sas in the erection of a court-house for the United
States courts and post office at Topeka, Kansas;
which was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
OPEN SESSION FOR NOMINATIONS.
Mr. GRIMES. I desire to propose the follow-
ing amendment to the rules of the Senate:
All executive nominations shall be submitted to and con-
sidered and decided by the Senate in open Senate.
1 believe that under the rules this proposition
must he on the table a day. I give notice that I
shall call it up to-morrow at the earliest possible
moment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The proposition
lies over for a day under the rules.
PRINTING OF MKbSAGJS AND DOCUMENTS.
Mr, TRUMBULL. I ofTer the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That there be printed for the um; of the Senate
five thousand additional copies of the annual message and
accompanying documents communicated to the Senate at
its present session.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This lesoiutton
must necessarily go to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before it is referred to the
committee, I desire to say that I understand there
has been printed at the present session only a
