8106
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 20,
Navy, and other Departments, depend'upon the
avenue,and 1 hope that we shall have no farther
objection to this appropriation, so that when the
war if? over and (he Union is restored we shall
have a clean, pleasant avenue in this city.
Mr. STEVENS. The estimate was $6,000.
Mr, R.ICE, of Maine. The estimate by the
Commissioner of Public Buildings was $20,000,
but by some mistake it was sent to the commit-
tee as $6,000.
Mr. STEVENS. That was the estimate sent
to us.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. That was a mistake.
Mr. STEVENS. I think §6,000 will do very
well.
Mr. BROOKS. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania did not hoar the communication whi-h way
read. The gentleman from Maine said 000"
was a misprint, and that $20,000 was the estimate
sent in.
Mr. STEVENS. That is all the better for my
friends over there who are so very economical,
and ihoy are very glad of it, I dare say. Those
gentlemen over there have been throwing more
dust in our eyes than all we have got from the
avenue for a great while. [Laughter.]
Mr. RICE, of Maine. 1 think the judgment,
of the Commissioner of Public Buildings and
Grounds, who has this matter under his entire
charge and control, stating that the avenue is not
kept m repair—and I am not aware that any
charge has been made "of his inefficiency—ad-
monishes us that we should appropriate moie
than $6,000. As, upon the motion of my friend
from iihnois the other day, some portion of the
avenue is to be paved by the railroad company,
1 have proposed to deduct $5,000 from the esti-
mate and to make the appropriation $15,000. I
trust the amendment of the gentlemen fiom Illi-
nois will be voted down, and that we will make
an appropriation of $15,000.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I was sur-
prised to henr the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Brooks] propose to increase this appropri-
ation to $29,000, thereby adding $15,000 nt one
fell sweep, because I believe no gentleman in this
House has clamored more than he has, except
perhaps myself, ngainst the increase of expenses.
The sidewalks, which most of us use, are in very
good repair, and gentlemen who are able to keep
carriages can get along very well. But I am will-
ing to let the amendment stand as it is, provided
that the committee will add this as an amendment:
"and that the Washington and Georgetown
Railroad Company shall contribute an equal
amount for tins object." There can be no ob-
jection to that, and 1 believe the railroad company
should be willing to do it. This company is not
bound to keep the street in repair at all. The
gentleman's inference is to another company.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 would be willing to offer
that amendment, but the gentleman ftom Illinois
would object, and if he would not, surely thegen-
tleman from Indiana would object, to it as out of
order on the ground that it would change the ex-
isting law; and therefore 1 dare not offer it.
Mr. WAytlBURNE,of Illinois. lamawaie
it would change the law, but the gentleman knows
very well that we can do that by unanimous con-
sent;.and I am certain the chau man of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means will not object to an
amendment which would save a great deal of
money.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is on sinking
out " six" and insetting " fifteen."
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The ques-
tion is on my amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment of the
gendeman fiom Maine takes precedence.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. WASH BURNE, of Illinois. I now move
to add the wo: ds, ''the Washington and George-
town Railroad Company shall contribute an equal
amount for this object."
Mr. J. C.ALLEN. I rise to a question of or-
der. It is that the amendment is not m accord-
ance with rxistiii" (aw.
Tae CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of oi dor.
Air. W A'SKBORXE, of Illinois. I trust my
col'eaiiUf (ion! IP'oOis will not object to such an
amendment.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I object to all amendments
to this hill winch aie not in order.
The question recurring on striking out the
whole appropriation, it was put, and decided in
the negative.
The Clcik read the following clause:
For taking cure of the ground" south of the President's
House, contmmnsr the impiovement of the sam'4, and le-
placing tiecs desnoyed by United State? noops there en-
camped repuiung fences and other liijuiies, £5,000.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan. I move to
amend that clause by striking out " five "and in-
serting " one." The soldiers are still occupying
a portion of those grounds, and the constiuction
of the Treasury building occupies another portion
ofit;<ipd if these trees are planted they will be
again destroyed. Let the grounds remain as they
now are until this war is over, when it will be
time enough to put everything in older.
Mr. HOLMAN. Unless a larger sum than
$1,000 is appropiiated, 1 do notthink there is any
advantage m making any appropriation. These
grounds are stilt occupied by our troops, i find
that §2,000 was appropriated for this same pur-
pose last year, but the expenditure of course
amounted to nothing, because the same causes of
destruction remained. It seems to me, therefore,
that the gentleman from Michigan can safely
amend his amendment by moving to strike out
the entire appropriation. There is a very heavy
increase in these appropriation5? for local pur-
poses.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not think the gentle-
man h in order, lie is not opposing the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Michigan.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate has not been
limited on this bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. Thegentleman is mistaken.
The gentleman from Michigan moves to strike
out " ^5,000" and insert "$1,000." I suppose
a motion to strike out the whole appropriation
would be a proper one and in order. I should
not make the motion if the appropriation of$1,000
could be expended for any beneficial purpose;
but the grounds are still occupied by the troops
for the purpose of keeping watch over the Presi-
dent's Mansion, and therefore the appropriation
amounts to nothing.
The question was taken on the amendment of
Mr. Kellogg, of Michigan, and it was disagreed
to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to strike out the en-
tire appropriation. I find that the appropriation
for this same purpose last year was $2,000. The
troops are still there; and if there is an appropri-
ation, it ought to be at least $2,000, as 1 under-
stand from the inteiligentami efficient publicgar-
dencr; butto appiopnate §1,000 is just to thiow
that much money away, as any gentleman can see.
I therefoie move Lo strike out the whole appropri-
ation.
Mr. STEVENS. It would spoil the grounds
In front o£ the Picsident's House if there was no-
body there to take care of them, and if there were
to be no repairs made.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan. T wish to ask
the gentleman a question. He speaks of the
grounds in front of the President's Mansion.
This piovision lefers expressly to the grounds
south of the President's House.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not know which you
call the front, it is the place where people go to
hear music,.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan. That is in the
rear of tin' house.
Mr. STEVENS. It is the place where the
gentleman fiom Michigan £\>es so often to be de-
lighted, and where the ladies always meet one
another. [Laughter.] 1 trust the appropriation
will not be stt icken out.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan. I think the
distinguished gentleman fiom Pennsylvania is
mistaken. These grounds are south of where we
have (he music, and I do not know any particular
necessity of keeping them in repair, i still insist
that this amendment to strike out the entire ap-
propiiation is a vet y good amendment, and I can
see no propriety in turning the question off in this
way. I hope the amendment ot the gentleman
from Indiana will prevail. I call for tellers.
TVIIms were ordered; and Messrs. Holmax, and
Kellogg ofMichigan, were appointed.
The committee duided: and the telle* s reported
—ays twenty-fi-ur, noes not counted.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michi nan. I move now
to strike out " $5,000" and insert " 2,000." It
is a useless waste of money.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mi . COLE, of California. 1 move to amend
the clause by striking out the words " by Lnit.-d
States troops there encamped.5' 1 presume there
will be no objection to that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I offer the following
amendment, to come in after line one hundred and
fotty-four, on page 7:
To enable the Commissioner of Public UulWin^to re-
p.in the old Hall of the House of ltep!e-?cntative> by re-
moving the old floor and placing the whole generally ni a
propel condition, £1.000.
1 simply want to say in regaid to that amend-
ment that the Commissioner desires this sum,
and says that itis absolutely necessary in oider to
put the Hall in anything like a decent, condition,
and inasmuch as the appropiiation for fitting up
the Hall as a hall of statuary, of which I was
m favor, failed, I trust that the Hall will be de-
cently repaired, so as not to be an eyesore to
every body.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Lmove to
amend the amendment, so as to provide for the
lemoval of all thefrmt stands and things of that
kind from the old Hall.
Mr. RICE, of Maine.
ification of my amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. I offer the following as a
substitute for the amendment:
Be it fmthcr enacted. That :i m.n bio lloos. to Unit
of the Congse>5ionai Libi.vy ot th-' Senate voMilm'e. Mull
he conducted in the old Hall of the llou-e o; Repic^ent-
utive^, Using iiicit inaiblc .i> tint} be now on h tnd and not
othoiwi&e rcfjnued ; and tti.it strm tui< >• and s.nl-
liigs t-hall be tInn em elected for tin' leeept io:t and ou e-
tion of statuary, and the <-tune ^-hail b.' uefln tir-upi-i
ioh and diiccuon ot the Comnu-.-ioner ot Public Bui!., i
and so much of the money- now orlietetoloie .'ppiopi t.i'i d
lor the Capitol extension as may benece--a!\,not ''\< ■ m-
tng the sum ot £-'20,000, is hereby set apai t and -!..!< l-c
bur&ed tor the purposes hcreiubeioi o mentioned ; ,e.d i!,o
President is hereby authorized to invite each aim .ill teo
States to piovide and fum^h statues in maibia or hioni«,
not exceeding two m nunibi'i ioi ea<_n z?tuie,ot un-ii uao
iiAve been citizens thereof' and llbi-tnon-- iie.m U.i-m h,
tone ienown or fiom distinguished civil or niiht.uv -n-
vices, such as each State s>hall detoimiue to ho \v< t'ln. of
thib national conunenioiation, and when &o ! uiin-ii.'i! ,r
vjnne shall be placed in the old Hall of tin* IIoiw t„
le-.entatives in ihe Capitol of the United .Sutti wn
hereby set apnit, or so much theieoi as may he ijet r
as a national &tatuaiy hall ioi the puipo-eo Iiuimi
cated.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a point of ord-r.
The moneys appropriated by law for t he pm } K^e
of the Capitol extension cannot lie, m <.,n npmo-
pnation bill, diverted from that pui pose ty an-
other.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Chairman, this item
has reference to the Capitol itself, and is a part
of the work upon the Capitol. Therefore, ac-
cording to all the rulings, the amendment is per-
fectly in order.' Whether or not it should he
agreed to is an entirely different question.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. STEVENS. I have offered that amend-
ment because 1 know that the opposition of the
gentleman from Maine to tinkering and patching
that floor any more is a proper one. We have
marble lying about here quite sufficient, as I un-
derstand frotn the architect, to make that floor.
It is thought that it may be done for ^5,(JOO,
though the appropriation asked is ^2<),000, or so
much thereof as may be necessary. t>utit is be-
lieved that *j,5,000 will make a good marble floor
and put up the railing. We all know how these
beautiful columns are being d«"\->tioy< d and de-
faced by every person who chooses toimsrnbe
a great man's name upon them. They aro re-
ally becoming ridiculous; and Hie wnr,vt of ir is
.that the names ot half the mi mbeis of Cong-iess
are omitted. [Laughter.] 1 think it time th.it
some pains weie taken to preserve these beauti-
ful pillars from dilapidation and ruin; and I think
that the marble floor may be made out of the ma-
terials now on hand at a cost of no more than I
have stated, which is the cheapest way of doing
it. Itis not adding anything to the appioptai-
tion, but mi rely diverting it.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. Mr. Chauman, 1 do
not contend against this proposiM .">.1 It is piu-
cisely the same as was reported some time ^nie.e
nom the committee of which I hm'e th-- honor to
be chairman, and which passed the House.
■■p-
- .ny.
iiuit-
