2130
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 5,
and after proper consideration the present system
was adopted. Operations under it have already
commenced; §60,000,000 of capital have been or-
ganized according to its requirements. It is too
late to retreat. It only remains that you should
go forward—not sluggishly,"heavily,reluctantly;
but bravely, confidently. The financial enterprise
that has been begun must be finished and pro-
tected. Here I cannot hesitate. If the system
is to be maintained, if it is not to be utterly aban-
doned,it must be placed under the mostfavorable
auspices, so at least that it may not fail from any
want of care on our pan. It should be made
strong in itself, and then it should be surrounded
with an atmosphere congenial and friendly. For
this reason I shall vote to keep it free from all
State hostility or even State rivalry, that it may
become in reality as in name, national in all re-
spects. Nor do I see how any real friends of the
system can do otherwise.
Sir, I am told that it will be unpopular to make
this sacrifice, and ancient ghosts are paraded
through this Chamber to frighten us from duty.
Naturally all who are against the proposed sys-
tem will be against the seeming sacrifice. But the
people are too intelligent not to see what is de-
manded by the best interests of the*"national cur-
rency ; and, unless 1 greatly err, they will insist that
what we do shall be so done as to make our work
most effective and most triumphant, to the end
that victory may be certain. It is on no narrow
ground that I make my appeal. I speak for a
national currency, which shall bo to the whole
country like the horn of abundance, and I plead
for it now as essential not only to the general wel-
fare but also to the common defense.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, the coun-
try owes the Senator from Massachusetts a debt
of gratitude for his patriotism and statesmanship.
He has risen above small matters; above local,
petty interests; and has come up to the standard
of the broadest statesmanship in the argument he
has just delivered, which is one of the ablest finan-
cial arguments over delivered on this floor. Sir,
for what are we legislating? We profess to be
legislating for a national hanking system, a sys-
tem which sliull furnish a currency that will lie
as good in one part of the land as in another;
equally good in Minnesota, in California, in Lou-
isiana, and in New York. Anil yet, sir, what is
the proposition of the Committee on Finance? It
is .to place this great national system, which, if it
is anything, as the Senator from Massachusetts
says, must be universal, at. the disposal of every
State, town, county, and municipality through-
out the land; for, sir, if a city or municipality
•Mil tax at all, it can tax ad libitum; it is placing
one tax. in Massachusetts, another m New Hamp-
shire, another in Minnesota, another in Ciililm-
nia. Iiut, sir, if the Senator's proposition lie
adopted—and 1 shall ceitamly suppoit it with all
my heart—the taxation will be not only uniform,
but national. It is, however, very heavy, and 1
confess that had I been consulted by the Senator
I should not have recommended so heavy a tax
as he proposes to place on these banks; but din-
ing thocontinuanceof' tins wnrlet banks be taxed,
let individuals be taxed, and let them be taxed to
their utmost capacity to pay; and although the
tax pi opened is very heavy, I shall suppoi't even
that because it is a national tax. Massachusetts,
as tht; Senator lias reimu'k<d, has a larger local
banking capital than any other State m the Union
compared wuh its population, and yet yc*u have
seen the Senators from Massachusetts and the Gov-
ernor of Massachusetts coming up like men and
statesmen and saying;, " We will sunender this
local tax for the benefit of the national Treasury."
What difference does it make whether you collect
£>50,000,000_ Iron) the banking capital of a State
and put it directly in your Treasury, or whether
you call upon that State to pay an equal amount
in some other way ? It makes no difference; there-
fore let it rest upon the banking capital of the na-
tion. ° 1
Mr. President, the West has suffered always
for want ofa banking system. The State ofMich-
igan, I think, had less than five hundred thousand
dollars of banking capital within its limits when
the national banking law of last year was enacted;
it has now sevvial millions. The State of Mich-
igan, and it is so throughout all the western States,
has relied almost entirely upon eastern circulation
in the transaction vfit.t business; and it seemed to
me—it does not appear so to me now, for I believe
the Senate will adopt the proposition of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts—but it did seem to me
three or four days ago that the eastern banks and
their representatives were going to succeed in de-
feating this great banking scheme. I think now
they will not. I think although they hold on
with a death-grasp to this eastern circulation they
will finally decide that it is best to yield gracefully
rather than hold out hopelessly, and therefore I
expect this measure to be carried.
Sir, the proposed system is perhaps the best,
in my judgment, that ever was inaugurated on
this continent or elsewhere. Every dollar's worth
of this circulation is based upon a bond of the
Government of the United States; not only based
upon a bond of the Government of the United
States, but a bond deposited at twenty per cent,
less than its market value. Every dollar of this
circulation is absolutely guarantied by the Gov-
ernment and the bond deposited for it. It is ab-
solutely under the control of the Government.
How is it with the State banks? -How is it with
this eastern circulation which we have been ac-
customed to use for the last twenty years ? There
is not the least security except m the honor of
the directors of the bank: they deposit no se-
curity; and in the West we have suffered terribly
from depreciation and inflation of the State cur-
rency. But under this national system we may
confine our circulation to $300,000,000, or we
may reduce it to $200,000,000, or we may carry
it up to,the wants and requirements of the busi-
ness of the country.
The Senator from Massachusetts read you some
figures showing the enormous increase of bank-
ing circulation since the breaking out of this war.
As he showed you, in the New England States
the increase has been raoie than sixty-six per
cent. Every dollar's worth of greenback^ that
you issue goes into some paper-making machine
in the eastern States, and upon that dollar are
based two, three, four, or five of their worthless
paper. You have seen that throughout the coun-
try, in every State, this circulation has gone oil
rapidly incicasmg ever since the suspension of
specie payments. In the city of Pittsburg alone,
at the breaking out of the war, the ciiculation of
the local banks was #3,041,000; on the 1st of Jan-
uary last it was $7,3cS:2,000, or an increase of
#4,341,000, more tluin double. Go where you
will you find that the same state of tilings exists.
Should theie not he some contiol over this mat-
ter' What is to prevent gold from going up even
higher than it is at the present day, unless the
Government takes possession of the circulation
ami limits it to some particular point? It is not
the issue of greenbacks which has inflated juices
to any considerable extent as they are now hi-
ll.Ued. The greenbacks are not very abundant
in your moneyed ccnteis, and why? Because
every man thioughout the length and breadth of
this laud, if lie bus any money to retain, retains
it in gieenbacks You find that every farmer
who sells a horse or a yoke of oxen, or his clip
of wool, or his crop of wheat, puts his money
mio flie paper of the Government of the United
States, deposits it in some place, not m a bank,
but in these bills, and hoards it as he would coal,
livery mall throughout the country knows that a
doliui of these Government securities is a good ,
dollar; he does notknowthat the bank bill with- j
out security is. You find the same thing in le- j
gard to thi' issues of these national banks. Their S
money is hoarded. It is very difficult for them
to get back their notes when they hate once gone
out.
Let us banish from ciiculation, not suddenly,
the State bank notes, or control them to such '
an extent that it will not be for the interest of
those banks to go on iucieasing their ciiculation
as they have done. I believe that we not only
have the power to do that, but 1 believe it to be
our duty to exercise the power. I will not make
a constitutional argument, because I am no law-
yen-but you will find in th«j Constitution these
provisions: "Congress shall have power" "to
com money and regulate the value thereof;'' and
"no State" "shall coin money" or "emit bills
of credit." It is not necessary to comment on
these two clauses. Can a State delegate a power
which it does not possess? If no State can coin
money or emit bills of credit, can a State delegate
to a corporation what it lias not the power itself
to do? It seems to me a perfectly self-evident
proposition, requiring no explanation whatever.
I hold in my hand a letter fiom a very distin-
guished bank president, the president of one of
our national banks, relative to the amendment of
the Committee on Finance. "If the inclosed
report is correct," that is, of the amendment of
the Committee on Finance, " the clause allowing
States, counties, and towns to tax the banks as
proposed by the Finance Committee, if it becomes
a law, will ruin us; we must certainly stop or give
up our national organization and organize under
State laws." That is the opinion of one of the
ablest financiers in the Northwest, the president
of one of the largest banks. His opinion agrees
with my own precisely. I believe that will be
the result of the amendment proposed by the Fi-
nance Committee. I am glad, however, to find
that the Finance Committee is not a unit on this
point. I am glad to find that there is some prac-
tical business knowledge even in that Finance
Committee. I have the most profound respect
for the members of thatcommittee as lawyers and
as statesmen, but for their practical business
knowledge I have about the same respect that
they have for my legal attainments, and if they
have the slightest for those they have more than
I have. [Laughter.] I hope that the Senate will
disregard the recommendation of that committee.
1 hope the Senate will adopt the broad view of
the Senator from Massachusetts. I hope they
will look above these little local interests, and
adopt a national system of banking which will do
credit to the country, save the Treasury, and fill
your coffers.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, I do not
feel disposed to attempt to answer the speeches that
have been made by the two Senators who have ad-
dressed the Senate on this question; but I feel a little
disinclined, either for myself or for the Senators
and Representatives who voted with me in this
House and in the other and who entertain the same
views, to rest quietly under what I conceive to be
the imputations of the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts and the honorable Senator from
Michigan.
The Senator fiom Massachusetts likened all
who have supported the views of the majority
of the Senate, and consequently all who voted
with the committee as well as the committee them-
selves who originally framed the amendment, to
those enemies of their country or those indiffer-
ent citizens who in the midst of war, while the
nation is struggling forexistence, are looking out
for their own private interests, promoting their
own personal advantage, and he illustrated it by
reference to the very notorious* pase of John
Hook, which, to be sure, is not an exceedingly
original illustration, as I suppose it has been
quoted some hundieds of thousands of times.
Mr. SUMNER. Millions.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 should think millions,
since it occurred. It is hardly just to the mem-
bers of the Senate for the Senator to assume that
all those twenty-eight—I think there were twenty-
eight who voted for the amendment of the com-
mittee—weie influenced by any such considera-
tion. It is hardly just on thcpait of the Senator
from Michigan to speak of the same class of Sen-
atois (because he could allude to no other) tus
those who were merely in the interest of local
banks and advocating petty interests.
I disclaim for myself that 1 belong to either one
class or the other; but while lam willing to allow
to the honorable Senators and to the ten gentlemen
who voted with them all the patriotism and all the
wisdom that they would claim for themselves, I
think it is hardly just to the rest of us to suppose
that we are entirely destitute of both; and yet such
is the condition m which the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts in his written speech which
he has read to the Senate, which he has carefully
elaborated in his clo'set, chooses to put the mem-
bers of the Senate who are acting with him hero
every day; for no other possible inference that I
can conceive of can be drawn from the language
he has used and the illustration he has made as
applicable to the majority who have thus voted.
And, sir, it is not confined to members of this
body. Let us see what was reported by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means-in the House of Rep-
resentatives; certainly something as broad as the
Committee on Finance have reported. Here itis:
And nothing in this act shall be construed to prevent tlio
