1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. PRICE. Mr. Chairman, I know that it,is
no use to oppose any apniopnation hero, but I
must at least protest dgymst this. There are
other appi opi anions in this b:!3 winch I presume
c>uill have bot n,dispensed with. 1 do not,how-
ever, know ilni facts, and therefore did not oppose
{i11■vm. This appiopriation, I am satisfied, we can
dispense with. We all know that the Govern-
iul iit has no money to expend in superfluous
mutters, for things that can be done without.
Therefore I am opposed to the amendment of the
goutu man fiom Pennsylvania, and to all other
appropi utions ihat can be dispensed with till this
war i.< over.
A Member on the Democratic side. It is ouU
of cider 10 pay any thing against an appropriation.
A'Tr. P11 ICE. It may be out ot order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of lllmoisi, It, is un-
doubtedly out of ruder to speak against appro-
puations in tins House.
Mr. X^IliCE. So far as appropriations are
concerned 1 know theie are always past enough
of votes against any attempt to strike them out
to secuie the f.uluic of such attempt. 1 would
appeal to the other Side of the House to come to
the rescue; but unfoi tunately it is just as ex-
tiavagant us this side. [Laughtei.] I have al-
most iust ail confident e in my friends heie. They
vote almost unr.eisally for such appropriations
as arc a-ked. 1 have not voted for a single ap-
nropiiation thnt 1 knew to ho wiong; and where
i have voted for such as were supeiilitous, it has
been thtough ignorance. I presume that some
of the nppiopriations voted in have been wrong,
but 1 do pot know it; but I know that we can
get along very well without expending money on
this old iiall tiil the war is over if it ever ends.
And ii'tt is not to end in a national tnumph I do
not want to have the woik done for Jed*. Davis.
1 do not know that he is i^oing to get possession
of it, but i know thi't we lMptire eveiy dollar
that the Government can got tu pay our soldiers
in the :ii.-id, and to keep the machinery of war in
opi i uttoii. i therefore hope that no appropria-
tion shall bo made that can be dispensed with
unci we pay ou. honest debts to the country and
to the s'hiticrs in the fi<ld.
AI1. A1ALLORV. I rise to oppose the amend-
in' nt v'i the gentleman from Iowa, and m doing
so I may be permitted to exptess my graiilica-
iiiii! that the gentleman has at List learned wheie
tile it in- fitends of economy aie to be found in
tins [louse. I think he has paid only a deserved
comohc.ei.t to the Democratic parly m saying
.it he will henr^foiwaid call only on that party
to aid lorn against the exftavagance proposed by |
o,>!i;i ■ i;)"11 it11 ; 1,<' >111er side. i
Mr. PRICE. i merely wish to correct misap j
p:eisension in the mind of the gentleman hom j
lC( nruckv. 1 have not at last cu lived at the idea ;
(•s appealing to ^"nUemen upon 'he otner side to I
sustain m- in matters of economy. I have done !
ir co.n.nuaiiv, hut then thoie is another misap-
p. i-heiiMon ou thepaitof the gentleman, which
in in the Mippojition that any heed has been paid
to rny app"a's. i find *hat they aiealmost ituan-
ab! v disposed to vole for these extravagant appi o-
priallOOS.
Air. MALLORY. The statement of the gen-
tleman from iowa, then, is broader than I sup-
posed. He says now he d.d not say that he heio-
eftei would cail on gentlemen on th.s side of the
House, but that he has ai! along looked to us to
sustain measuies of economy. 1 merely wish
to say to him and to othergenth men on that side
iht.C thov will do well to ioilow the lead ot this
bide, not only in respect to \otingdown extrava-
gant nppi opi latnms, but aKo m n.speet to great
que .-lions of public policy. I can tell the gentle-
man that lie will find a gteat deal of good help
over here if he will apply upon all those questions,
and I take his disposition io call upon us as a good
ao^uiy. tcspecl to this particular apptopna-
tion, ho wet or, 1 am aftaid 1 cannot go with the
Ten; ieman . L confess, in this instance, 1 am in
Kivot oi the a.inrop: ia:iun recommended by my
VlMi jp,.'i I,ai is. I ought to ..y young—friend
Mi. sTEYEX^. I shall hfive t<  lise to a ques-
,!( ouier. 1 desi.'e t> know whether it ism
• td"i for an -'ol -;ivy, bald-headed man to call a
v*. or-1 ••i.Li: veii'ieb'0. [Lau j.htei.]
' The I'UAIRU AX. Hie Chair sustains the
j|u mio:« oi older. [Laugh.t* 5 ]
Mr, MALLORY. I beg pardon of the gen-
tleman. Whatever gray hairs I may have are
apparent, and if the gentleman's were as much
so, pel haps he might not raise the question of
oider. However, I give him the benefit of the
protection he has provided himself with. [Re-
newed laughter.]
Mr. Chairman, seriously I think this appro-
priation ought to pass, and i hope the House will
not vote it down. It is not extravagant; it is
something to which we ought to give a little at-
tention. I will, however, make one suggestion
to the gentleman. He provides for permitting
e?ch State to place in the old Hall, in bronze or
marble, the statues of two of their most eminent
living men. I think theamendment ought to say
dead men. I think we ought to give these places
to the memoiy of the great men of the nation who
are gone, to those who are now dead or shall be
at the time these statues are placed there.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 accept the suggestion of
the gentleman, and will modify my amendment
so as to say two peisons already deceased, or de-
ceased before the'statues shall be received.
Mr. MORRILL. This question is not one
connccted with the question whether we shall
continue the appropriations for the Capitol exten-
sion or not. If we continue them, then 1 con-
tend that this is manifestly correct; if we do not
continue them, I think this amendment ought to
be adopted; it is doing nothing more than we
ought to do for the preservation of the building.
We have this marble here lying round the Cap-
itol entirely useless; we Hso have machines so
that it can be cut with the utmost facility and
with \ery little delay. The old floor, as every
one knows, is in a state of decay, and ought to
be replaced. This proposition simply is to pro-
vide a maible floor such as now covers most of
the looms and conidois about the Capitol, if
the foundation of the floor should prove to be
sufficient,theexpense would be very little: if that,
too, lias to be replaced, the expense will of course
be something nioie. It does not necessarily in-
crease the appropi lation in the Lull at all, and I
hope the amendment will be adopted.
Mr. PRICE. In teply to the gentleman from
Vennont I want to say fust this: 1 do not pro-
pose to vote I'or the appiopiiatiun of $300,000 to
continue the woik on this Capitol; and 1 shall
not vote for this, because if this passes it may
bo consideu'd as a loa^on for voting lot tiie other.
I propose, therefore, to begin heie. Nov;, ] de-
sire to say in resptctto the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Mali.ory.J who, after the speech
made by him, declared Ins intention to vote for
it, that,"like a great many other men, Ins talk is
good but his pu-teUce is bad. lie talks economy
well, but he votes economy badly. I want men
to vole i )«rht, and I am not pai ticuiar whethei they
talk t U' ht oi not.
I vvdi Alt. Chanman, that there is not a
number oi this House who, in conscience, would
niiike these appiopriutons in reference to their
own private ailans. I think that we ought to
confine ourselves to indispensable appropnations
and do without everything that can be dispensed
vuh until we have paid the expenses of this war.
1 do not want to see widows and orphans and
disabled soldiers refused for want of money to
pay their just claims while wc aie passing these
appiopnations v. Inch aic entirely unnecessary.
I will say that I have only succeeded, after pro-
tected effort, m securing the payment of ^150
due to an Iowa soldier who lost his leg upon the
battle-field during this war. While we refuse
sueh paltry sums to oar soldiers we vote millions,
as if the Treasury were overflowing.
Mr. STEELE, of New York. Air. Chairman,
1 do not ptopose to enter into any extended dis-
cusMon on tins subject, but m my judgmentevmy
soldier as well as every man in this country feels
a ]ust pride in the Capitol ot the nation. 1 he last
tiling they want to see done is the work upon this
budding stopped. I hope that it wih not be
stopped. I hope that we shallgo on with the im-
provement s, and that a'11 easonable and piopci ex-
Vv'iii be piovsded for, so that the work may
be continued upon this great woik in which the
nation takes a just pride. I shah theiefore vote
lor tins appiopi latioii as teasooable and proper.
Mi. StJliEIsCK. * Air. Chairman, ! propose
to vote tbr ttus amendment, and i do it mainly
lor theieason assigned by the gentleman from
New York [MivSteeeeJwHo has j ust ^r'cld
the House. I never pass through the okl Hifll
of the House of Representatives vvtthoiU'foeHftg
myself reproached by the spirits-that' haurK t-h'at
place. Hook around to see where the venerable
John Quit icy Adams trembled in his Seat and
voted, and I see a huckster woman Celling gin-
gerbread. I look fo see where Cafhoun 'sat^-fbr
there was a tnte when we might speak' wi£h Rev-
erence even of him—I look to see sphere he sat,
and where Clay sat, and I find a woman selfing
oranges and root beer. I look around liif* floor
where these men stood and uttered itheir patriotic
sentiments in the day when patriotic sentiments
were heaid with icveience everywhere and by
every man, and I see a' floor rotting and trembling
under my tread.
Sir, I have none of that narrow feeling of econ-
omy of the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Prick.] i
believe there are occasions when liberality be-
comes true economy; and I know that it is im-
portant to keep a rallying point here of which we
shall all be proud. I feel, with the gentleman
fiom New Yoik,that the expenditure is a proper
one for an object that we much need, and that will
repay us thousands.
This Capitol is now the rallying point of our
patriotism, and every part ofitshould bo made to
correspond with the greatness and glory of the
Republic. Gentlemen look around in the ginger-
bread box in which we legislate now and seem
to forget everything that ought to be kept irr re-
membrance in connection with the old Hall,
which 1 this day regard as better fitted for our de-
liberations than the beautiful room in which we
now aie. There is grandeur, simplicity, chniac-
tor to be found there not to be found here, and
from which we ate rapidly divesting it by the
base uses to which we are suffering it to be put.
Mr. PR1CIS. I should like to ask the gentle-
man a question.
Mr. SCHENCK. I cannot yield. I am ex-
pressing some sentiments which will induce me
to go for the appropriation. Thegentleinan has
addressed the House some three or four times
aheady on the subject.
Mi. Chanman, the condition of that old Mail,
I lepeat, is a disgrace and areproach to us. "Why,
as you enter that old Hall you pass by a bronze
door which cost thirty-five or forty thousand dol-
lars, twice as much us is proposed to keep the
old Hall in order, and that bronze door opens
upon these apple-standsand upon these bucksteis.
i I w ould diive them all out,as others were scourged
in former times from the temples, and I would
put in their places, if not the statuosof the great-
est men of the countiy, something atloa&t which
shall be creditable to this country, either in the
shape of a library or works ot ait, and I would
place the Hall in that good otder and deeentcon-
dition which will not make us blush as we pass
through that Hall as wo go fiom one end of this
gilded building to the other.
-I stand,sir, by the old lia!l;and for the reason
that i wish it thus restored and made it uu^ht
to be and no longer remain a disgrace to us, I shall
vote for the amendment proposed by the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania.
Mr. PRICE. In reply to the gentleman I will
say that if he considers the expenditure of money
which does not belong to us but bt longa to other
people as narrow-minded economy, then he and
1 have read political economy out of different
books. It will be time enough toadoin tluuHail
when we have money to expend, and until that
time artivesi shall oppose all amendments of that
kind.
Tiieamend-mentto the amendment was agreed to.
The amendment as amended was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM TUK SliNATK.
The committee iufoi mally tose; and "the House
received a message from the Senate, by Mr. For-
I key, their Secretary, mfoiming the House that
I the Senate have agieed to fite report of the com-
| mtttee of conference on the disagreeing votes
| of the two Houses on the bid of the House
j No. 192) making appropriations lor the Je^isla-
| live, executive, and judicial expenses of the Gov-
! ernmentfor the yea* enduig 30th June, 18G5. and
| that the Senate insist upon ihetr dmagro-nn tit io
: the amendment of tlx.-* House to the lull uf the
j^nate (No. 2G(>) to prevent smu^gln.LS and lor
| other purposes, agree to the confei<mco naked by
