1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Means have the same privilege of sitting during
thy sessions of the House.
There was no objection, and it was ordeied
accordingly.
RESTORATION.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, reported back House joint reso-
lution No. 7, concerning the restoration of civil
authority of certain States and of the United
States within regions once under the control of
the existing rebellion; which was ordered to be
printed, and recommitted to the same committee.
BOUNTIES.
Mr. FARNSWORTH, from the Committee
on Military Affairs, reported a joint resolution to
continue bounties heretofore paid; which was
read a first and second time.
The resolution provides that the bounties here-
tofore paid under the regulations and orders from
the War Department, to men now enlisting in the
regular or volunteer forces of the United States
for three years or during the war, shall continue
to be paid from the 5th of Januaiy, 1864, to the
1st of March next; anything in the act approved
December 23, 1863, to the contrary notwithstand-
%i-. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, the rea-
son that the 1st of March is fixed, instead of the
1st of February, is that the intelligence of this
fact may reach the different departments of the
Army in extreme poitions of the country. En-
listments, as we all know, ceased yesterday
throughout the country from the non-payment of
the bounties under the law which we passed on
the 23d of December.
The extension of the time for payment of boun-
ties is recommended by both the War Depart-
ment and the President. I hope, therefore, that
there will be no objection on the part of any mem-
ber of the House; for ccrtainly it js far prefer-
able to raise men by volunteer enlistment by the
payment of liberal bounties than to raise them by
draft.
Mr. COX. Will my friend yield to me?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Certainly.
Mr. COX. 1 would inquire of my friend from
Illinois whether the Committee on Military Af-
fairs have considered the proposition for a total
repeal of the conscription law, and whether this
is to be in lieu of it; whether the general policy
of volunteering is to be adopted by the party in
power; whether we are to have nothing but vol-
unteering ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I am not aware that
any action has been taken in refeience to that sub-
ject. We did not regaid thatas impoitant for the
action of the House on this resolution.
Mr. COX. Let me ask the gentleman another
question for infoimation. What are the bounties
which are now paid ?
Mi. FARNSWORTH. Under the regulations
of the War Department?
Mr. COX. Yes. sir.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. To veterans §400 and
to new men £,300. Bounties are paid by install-
ments. Theamount of bounty paid to a veteran
on enlistment is forty doilais, 1 think, together
with one month's pay in advance, and a premium
of two dollars, w«hieh has always been paid. The
bounty paid to new men is not quite so much.
Bounties are paid by installments during period
of service.
Mr. CHANLER. I wish to ask whether
there is any law for the payment of bounties, ot
whether they are paid under proclamations or reg-
ulations or orders of the War Department? Is
thatalLthe authority there is for the payment of
these bounties ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. There is no law for
the payment of bounties after the 5th of January.
Mr. CHANLER. Then there is no Saw on
the subject.
Mr. STEVENS. This resolution authorizes
the payment of bounties after the 5th of January.
Does it authorize the payment of bounties to col-
ored soldiers?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. This simply contin-
ues the payment of bounties now authorized by
orders of the War Department.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not know whether the
"War Depaitment has consideied that question.
1 am not aware that colored soldiers receive the
' bounties now provided. I hope that there will
soon be some action taken on the subject. It
si'HDs to me a shame that there should be a dis-
ci uni nation between the men who are in the Aimy
fighting for the country.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I demand the previous
question.
Mr. COX. i ask the gentleman to yield to me.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Ceitainly.
Mr. COX. There is a good deal of misunder-
standing on this question. Do I understand that
there never was any law authorizing the payment
of bounties?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I am not aware that
at the commencement of the payment of these
bounties there was any act of Congress upon the
subject. But the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Cox]
was a member of the last Congress, while I was
not, and he should be better posted upon that
matter than I am.
Mr. STEVENS. I will say to the gentleman
that when we passed the enlistment law we gave
a commu-tation of $300 to those who were drafted
and did not serve, and we expressly authorized
that money to be used for the procuration of sub-
stitutes; and therefore it is right to take the money
arising from this $300 commutation to make the
Army equal in number to those who paid the
com mutation.
Mr. COX. It seems to me unusual legislation
to bring in a bill to appropriate money for an ob-
ject, and basing that appiopriation simply upon
the pioclamations of the War Office. I do not
know what those proclamations are. I do not
know whether they include black soldiers, or
white soldiers, or red soldiers. 1 do not know
how much is to be paid. That depends upon
proclamations issued almost every day, and with
which members of Congress are not familiar. I
think the bill introduced by the gentleman from
Illinois ought to be very specific, showing exactly
how much should be paid. Othenvise it will be
subject to a hundred different interpretations.
I do not make any objection to this bill cap-
tiously, but I wish to encourage this system of
volunteering, and to wipe out this conscription
law entirely; and hence I will vote for almost
anything to break down the system of conscrip-
tion. I hope this will do it; and I accept this
move as the beginning, by members upon the
other side, to get rid of that system.
Mr. GARFIELD. Mr.Speaker, I regret that
I was not able to meet with the Military Com-
mittee wlien this resolution was under considera-
tion. I did not reach the city till a few minutes
before the House met this morning; but if I un-
derstand the matter correctly from the public
journals, the request of the President and the
War Department was to continue the payment
of bounties until the 1st of February next; but
the resolution before the House proposes to ex-
tend the payment until the 1st of March. And
while the President asks us to continue the pay-
ment of bountn-s to veteian volunteers only, this
lesoluuon extends it to all volunteers, whether
vctuians or raw recruits. If the i evolution prevails,
it seems to me we shall sw.imp the finances of the
Government before the 1st of March at rives. I
cannot consent to vote for a measure which au-
thorizes the expenditure of so vast a sum as will
be expended under tins resolution, unless it be
shown absolutely indispensable to the woik of
filling up the Aimy. lam anxiou.sthat veterans
should volunteer, and that libeial bounties be paid
to them. Gut if we extend the payment to all
cld.s^i'S of voluntccis for two months to come, I
fear we shall swamp the Government.
Before I vote for this resolution, I desire to
know whether the Government is determined to
abandon the draft. If it be its policy to raise an
army solely by volunteering and paying bounties,
we have one line of policy to pursue. If the con-
scription law is to be anything better than a dead
letter on the statute-book, our line of policy is a
very different one. I ask the gentleman fiom Illi-
nois to mfoim me which course is to be adopted.
1 am sorry to see m this resolution the indica-
tion of a timid and vacillating course. It is un-
worthy the dignity of our Government and our
Army to use the conscuption act as a scarecrow,
and the bounty system as a bait, to alternately
scare and coax men into the Army.
Let us give liberal bounties to veteran soldiers
who may rcenlist, and for raw recruits use the
draft.
Mik FARNSWORTH. In reply to my Col-
league 1 will say I d<> not understand it to be the
policy of the Government to abandon the draft;
but I do understand it to be their policy to get
men—to get them first by enlistment, if they can,
but at all events to get men to fill up the Army.
It is the object of this resolution to give the peo-
ple of the country, who seem now to have the
spirit of enlistment, an opportunity to fill up the
quota by enlistments under this liberal bounty.
If that is not done in a reasonable time, the Army
is to be filled up at all events. I do not under-
stand that the payment of this bodnty will swamp
the country.
Under the draft, if that system should be pur-
sued to the exclusion of the volunteering system, I
am inclined to think that it would cost us as much,
or more, to get these men, and put them in the
field, as it will under the system of paying these
bounties. The bounties, it will be remembered,
are not to be paid all at once. If a man enlists, and
is therefore entitled to his §300 bounty, the $300
is not to be paid him upon his being mustered into
the service, but only a proportion of it; the balance
is to be paid from time to time by installments
during the period of his service. If he is an un-
worthy man, if he deserts, or if he is disqualified
by physical disability,and is therefore discharged
from the service, he only gets those installments
of the bounty which have been paid him during
the period he has served. It is not taking $300
out of the Treasury no\v and paying it to the
man.
The President, it is true, in his message to Con-
gress, recommends the continuance of the pay-
ment of these bounties at least, I think is his ex-
pression, until the 1st day of February. I know
that the War Department is favorable to an ex-
tension of the bounties beyond that period. Itia
the opinion of the War Department that the quo-
tas of the several States, or nearly the entire quo-
tas, under the last call for three hundred thousand
men, can be made up by enlistments if the boun-
ties are continued to be paid for a reasonable time;
and it is the opinion of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs that a continuance of these bounties
until the 1st of February would not meet the case,
it requires twenty or thirty days to communicate
with some of the departments of the Army. It
requires, I suppose, twenty days to communicate
with General Banks's department. This resolu-
tion provides for the payment of bounties to vet-
erans in the Army who shall reenlist. We want
the men in Getieial Banks's department, and in
other departments m the extreme portions of the
country, to have an opportunity of reenlisting, and
availing themselves of the benefits of the bounty,
for the Government desires the services of the
veterans in the Army.
Mr. BROOKS addressed the Chair.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Illinois yield to the gentleman from New York?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It seems to me that
this debate has gone far enough.
Mr. BR.OOKS. I hope the gentleman will not
press so important a measure as (his under the
previous question, and without full discussion.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If the gentleman de-
sires to ask a question, I will yield for that pur-
pose, but not for any extended remarks.
Mr. BROOKS. Itis difficult to ask a question
under such circumstances.
Mr. COX. I rise to a question of order. The
joint resolution has in it an appropriation, and
must go to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order; the bill contains no appropriation.
Mr. COX. If the gentleman will not allow dis-
cussion, the bill ought to go to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. BROOKS. Mr. Speaker, the point to
which I want to call the attention of the gentle-
man from Tlinois is this: that there can be no
more profitable discussion than upon this subject,
and therefore t do not see why this measure
should be pressed through the House under the
previous question. The remaiks of the gentle-
man himself have been very instructive to me,
and, I have no doubt, to others; and the sugges-
tions of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.Garfield,]
a practical military gentleman, have also been in-
stinctive; and nothing, in my judgment,is more
improper or unwise, upon great questions of this
