1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1155
small number of copies of the message and ac-
companying documents, and that the abridgment
which wc had last year and which was embraced
in two volumes, is not printed at all this year, or
rather that the abridgment which is printed is
simply the annual reports of the differentSecreta-
ries withoutany of the accompanying documents.
Never In the history of the Government have the
accompanying documents to the message been as
valuable as now; and it does seem to me that we
ought to have a larger number of them printed.
The number mentioned in the resolution is five
thousand. I have put in that number without
much reflection; but I hope the committee will
inquire into it and report the proper number. I
think a larger number than that already ordered
should be printed. I believe weshallnotgetmore
than ten or fifteen copies apiece of the message
and documents under the order for printing as it
now exists. I ask for the reference of the reso-
lution to the Committee on Printing.
The resolution was referred to the Committee
on Printing.
ANTHONY BUKNS'S RESCUE.
Mr. DAVIS. I wish to call up now the reso-
lution I offered a few days ago, to raise a special
committee on the case of Thomas W. Higginson.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no fur-
ther morning business, the resolution submitted by
the Senator from Kentucky will be read, and it is
now before the Senate.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Whcieas in the hi&toryof the attempt to rescue Anthony
Burns, alugiuvc slave fioin the State of Virginia, from the
custody of the United States officers, in Boston, in 1854, it
i<3 represented, and it is also generally reported, thatT. W.
Higgrnson, now the colonel of a regiment of negro troops
in the service of the United States, led, or was engaged in,
an assault made by a body of men, with foice and aims,
upon the eourt-house in Boston, where the raid Anthony
Burns was held in the custody of the law and officers of the
United State*, with the intent and purpose of forcibly les-
cumg him fioin such custody; and whoieasit isreprevented
and generally repotted that a citizen of the United States,
then having the custody of said Bums, was killed and mur-
deied bysatd a&s-ailantf : Theiefoie,
Be it revolted, That the President of the Senate appoint
a committee ot thiee members of the Senate to investigate
whether the said T. W. Iiiggmson had any connection, and
if any, what, with the said attempt toie^cue the said Burns,
and with the killing and murdering of any percon having
Ins custody; and that said committee have power to t-end
for persons and papers.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not propose to say anything
on this resolution, except to read a passage from
the life of Burns. I re,ad from a book entitled
"Anthony Burns. A History. By Charles Era-
eiy Stevens:"
" Scarcely had the crowd from the hall begun to pour
into the square when the assault was commenced. The
lamps that lighted the square had already been extin-
guished, so that under cover of darkness "the assailants
might more easily escape detection. Strangely neglecting
the eastern entrance, winch was not seemed at the time,
they parsed lound to the west side, and commenced the
attaek in that quartet. The conit-hoiM' on that side pre-
sented to the eye an unbroken fagado of granite two hun- 1
dred feet long and lour stones lush, in the lower part
were throe entrances, closed by massive two-leaved doots
which weicxecuied by heavy locks and bolts. Against the
middle one of these door> the beam which had been pte-
vion-dy provided \va- now hiought to bear with all the loiee
that ten or twelve mi n could imMei At th<> <-nme moment
one or two others plied their aves agani-t the panels. As
the, quick heavy hlow> lesounded through the equate, the
crowd eveiy moment japully mcrea-utg sent up th< n wild
 houts of eneouiagement, while tome hut led mis-des
against the windows and others dNehaiged their patois in
the same directum. In two oi tlnee minutes a panel in
one pa it or the dooi had been beaten through; the other
pait had been paitialiy foieed back on its hinge-, when the
-i^'aiiants found then entianee obstructed hj defenders
within. Tie' maishfi!, who-e office was in the builditia,
although not anticipating the attack. was not altogether un-
prepared loi il. In the course of the d'iv he had appointed i
15fly special aids, and po.-ied them in different p.m-, of the 1
spacious build.ng; he had ul.-o eau-od to be deported in
hi* office a huge quantity ot cutl.i^u-s. On the tii-t alarm
the -peeiah-weie hastily armed with the-e weapon-j, and
set to d< fi'iid the as-.i"ilt<'d door. A- i/'ten as ibe pic^uie
from witiiout forced it paitrally open if iviw closed aqatn
and braced by the per-on* of tho-e inside. While thus en-
gaged one of the tnai.-[ial\- men, a tnickinan named Bateh-
elder, suddenly dtew back fium the door exclaiming that !
he was stabbed, lie was?canted into the marshals'oiliee |
and hud upon the Horn, where he almost immediat<-h ex- j
pucd. It was discovered that a vwnmd several inches in ;
length had been infhefed by tome shaip instrnmenr m the 1
lowei pait of hi - abdomt n. whereby an arlety had been sev-
ered, causing him to bleed to death. A conflict ot opinion !
afteiwaid utose respecting the -ource ftoin w.ience the ]
blow proceeded. Some aim rued that it was an accident '
caused by one of his own party. It was said that Catch- !,
elder was engaged at the moment in btaemg one part of j,
the door with "his shoulders ; that while lie was iri that halt- j |
stooping posture, another of the specials, seeing through h
the opening the hand? of one of the assailants, aimed at il
them a blow with a watchman's club, which, missing its
mark, iell upon the head of Batchelder, arid drove him
down upon the blade of his own cutlass. Anotherand per-
haps more probable account was, that while Batchelder
stood bracing the door behind the broken panel the wound
was inflicted by an arm tlnust through from the outside,
not with any murderous intent, hut to compel him to re-
lax his hold.
" in the temporary confusion within, caused by this fatal
result, the leader of the assailants. Rev. Thomas VV. Ilig-
ginson, succeeded in forcing his way into" the building.
None followed him, and the door was almost instantly
closed again. For a moment he was alone, face to face
Willi his adversaries; the next he reappeared on the out-
side, exclaiming to his associates, 'You cowards, will you
desert us now ?' A saber cut across the chin and other
marks attested the lough reception ire had encountered
while within the walls. The courage and daring displayed
by this person showed him to be a fit leader in such an en-
terprise."
It then goes on to trace his lineage, &c. Upon
the facts here stated, I ask that this committee be
raised. I suppose there is no reasonable doubt
of the substantial truth of this account: that this
man Higginson was the leader of the assailants
who made the violent assault on that night upon
the court-house in Boston, for the purpose of res-
cuing Burns from the custody of the law. If he
was, and I suppose the history is true, he was
guilty both of murcAr and treason. If he com-
mitted these crimes in a rebellious resistance to
the execution of a law of the United States, he is
certainly not a fit person to command a regiment
or to hold any other office in or under the Gov-
ernment of the United States. If he is free from
this imputation, this charge, his innocence ought
to be ascertained and made plain.
I think, under the circumstances, that the com-
mittee ought to be raised, the inquiry instituted,
and the report of the facts ought to come before
the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to lay the resolu-
tion of the Senator from Kentucky on the table.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask for the yeas and nays on
that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 29, nays 10; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Ohandlei, Coilamer,
Dixon. Doohttle, res-enden, Foot, Foster. Grimes, Har-
ding. llailan, Howard, Ilowe, Lane of Indiana, Lane of
Kansas, Morgan, Morrill, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Sherman,
8pia<:ue, Sumner, Ten Eyek, Trumbull, Van VV inkle, Wil-
kinson, Willey, and Wilson—09.
NAYS— Mes&rs. Buekalcw, Carlile, Conness, Davis,
Hendricks,Jolmson,MeDougail,Powcll, Riddle, and Sauls-
bury—10.
So the resolution was ordered to lie on the table.
SUMMARY TRIAL OF MINOIl OFFENSES.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to proceed to the
consideration of the bill (S.JNTo.52) to provide for
the summary trial of minor offenses against the
laws of the United States.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
read the bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will suggest that there
is a substitute reported by the Committee on the
i Judiciary for the bill as introduced, and the Sec-
i letary had better simply read the {substitute un-
I less some gentleman desires to hear the original
bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, that course will be pursued.
The Secretary read the amendment, to strike
out all of the bill after the enacting clause and to
insert tlie following in lieu thereof:
That it ««liall be lawful for the judge of any d.strietcouit
of the United States to hold a special session ol s;ridcourt
at any tune, whether in fetni or vaeatron, toi the trial of
minor of}euM-s against the laws ot the United States, as
in remalter provided.
Hi:r, -2. ,'Jnil be it fmthc* <n acted, That whcnevcraeom-
phiint shall be made a^.un-tany master, officer, or manner
ol any - hip or vo-M'l be long iter, in whole or in pari, to any cit-
izen or euuens of the United State-, on be commission of
any oiiVnso, not capital or otherw w infamou-*, against any
law of the United States made foi the piotoefton of persons
or property engaged in commerce oi navigation, it shall be
the duty of the district aitoinev to investigate the same,
and the general nature thereof; and if, in his opinion, the
ease is sueli as should be suniinaniy tried under the pro-
visio'is or this act, he shall repair the same to the district
judge, and the judir--shall I'.nthwitb, or a«? soon as the or-
dinal v business (,f the eouit will permit, proceed to try the
cause, and foi that purpose may, if neees-ary. hold a spe-
cial sxion of the com t.
Src. 3. And he it Jmlhcr enacted, That at such trial it
shall not be necessary that the accused shall have been pre-
viously indicted, but a s^itement of complaint, verified by
oath, in writing, shall be presented to the eonrt, setting out
the offense in such manner as clearly to apprise the accused
of the character of the offence complained of, and to en-
able him to answer the complaint. And the said complaint
or statement shall be read to the accused, who may plead
to or answer the same, or make a counter statement.
Sec. 4. w9wt be il further enacted, That the said trial
shall thereupon be proceeded with In a summary manner,
and the case shall bp decided fey the court; unless, at the
tune for pleading or answering, the accused shall demand a
jury, in which case the tual shall be upon the complaint and
plea of not guilty.
Sf.c. 5. */hul be it further cnacted, That-it shall not bfi
lawfullor the couitto sentence any person convicted @n
such trial to any greater punishment than imprisonment Jai
jail for one year, or to a fine exceeding $500, or both, in its
discretion, m those cases where the laws of the United
States authorize such imprisonment and fine.
Sec. 6. Jlnd be il further enacted, That it shall be law-
ful for the court to allow the district attorney to amend his
statement or complaint at any stage of the proceedings, be-
fore verdict, if, in the opinion or the court, sueli amend-
ment will work no injustice to the aecuscd; and il* it appear
to the court that the accused is unprepared to meet the
charge as amended, and that an adjournment of the cause
will promote the ends of justice, such adjournment shall be
made until a further day, to be fixed by the court. —
Sec. 7. Jhul be it further enacted, That at such trial, if
by jury? the United States arid the accused shall each be
entitled to three peremptory challenges. Challenges for
causc shall be tried by the court witiiout the aid of triers.
Mr. HENDRICKS; Does the chairman ofthe
Committer on the Judiciary desire the Senate to
considerand pass that bill at thistime? Itseems
to be a very important measure, and I wish to in-
quire of him whether he desires to put it on its
passage to-day.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I called it up with that
view; but there is nothing pressing about it. Per-
haps it is due to the Senate, and tne Senator from
Indiana, if he desires it, that I should make a state-
ment of what the bill is. It is reported unani-
mously by the Committee on the judiciary. It
is intended to reach exclusively a class of cases
arising out of offenses committed on shipboard.
Minor offensesare sometimes committed on board
of vessels, and when they come into port the party
is charged with them, and lies in jail a long time
in our sea-ports. The witnesses against the party
are frequently unable to give security for their ap-
pearance, and they are keptfor months and some-
times for a whole year to await the trial of some
petty offense which has been committed on ship-
board, which really subjects the party and the
witnesses to morepunishmentthan the lawwould
inflict if the party was guilty of the offense.
The design of this bill is to authorize the dis-
trict judge to hold a court and-try those cases at
any time without the intervention of a jury and
without any grand jury. The Senator from In-
diana recollects that the Constitution ofthe Uni-
ted States provides that in all cases of charges of a
capital character or for infamous offenses the in-
dictment orpresentment of a grand jury is neces-
sary, and it also provides that every person charged
with crime shall be entitled to the benefit of a trial
by jury. This bill provides that the party may
be tried by the judge unless he desires to have a
jury, in which event the case is put over and a
jury callcd. The object of the bill is to avoid
some considerable expense to the Government,
and to allow summaiy trials for these minor of-
fenses the punishment for none of which shall
exceed $500 fine, or a punishment in jail for a
term not exceeding one year.
I have no desire to press the bill this morning
if the Senator from Indiana, on the explanation 1
have made, desires tune to examine it. I will
state to him that it was reported unanimously by
the Committee on the Judiciary after some ex-
amination; but there is no haste that I know of
in itgard to the bill. At the suggestion of any
Senator who wishes to look into it or thinks there
i^ any principle involved that ought to be exam-
ined, I shall not insist on its passage to-day. I
submit it to the discretion of the Senator from In-
diana, and if he wishes to examine it I shall have
no objection to allow the bill to go over.
Mr. HENDRICKS. 1 desire to ask the Sen-
ator one further question; and whether I shall
ask to have the bill postponed will depend on his
answer. Is the bill so framed as to be confined
to the cases which the Senator says it was the
object of the committee to meet?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I want to know is it pos-
sible that for an ordinary case of violation or the
laws of the United States in the States a man can
be brought to trial upon information communi-
cated to the court by the district attorney? Is
it possible that there could be such a case as that
under the bill?
