2132
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 5,
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, I certainly
meant no disrespect to the honorable Senator from
Maine, or to any member of the Committee on
Finance. I simply stated that I bad the same re-
spect for their practical business knowledge that
they had for my legal attainments; that was all.
Men are not born financiersany more than they are
born lawyers; men are not born educated business
men ;*and it is no disrespect to a man who has never
been engaged in the practical business operations
of the day to say that he does not as thoroughly
understand them as though he had been educated
to them. A bankerlearnshis avocation by years
of practical application, a lawyer by hard study.
With-regard to the Committee of Ways and
Means of the House of Representatives, I have
the most profound respect, not only for the mem-
bers of that committee personally, but for their
•practical business knowledge. The Senator from
Maine did not read the last clause, which, as I said
the other day, was the saving clause in the bill as
it came from the House of Representatives. The
proviso which saved the bill, and which the Fi-
nance Committee of the Senate proposed to strike
out, was fhis:
Provided, That no State tax shall be imposed on any part
of the capital stock of such iitssoeiation invented tn the
bonds of the United States deposited as security lor its
circulation.
That proviso saved the bill and made it prac-
tical. The gentlemen of the Committee of Ways
and Means in the other House knew very well
what they were preparing. They were prepar-
ing a national banking law. Who constitutes
the committee in the other House? Justin S.
Morrill, a merchant of large and long experi-
ence; Reuben E. Fenton, of whom I may say
the same; Samuel Hoopf.ii, one of the most ex-
tensive and wealthy business men in the United
States; Henry T. Blow, the same; H. G. Steb-
BiNs,of whom the same remark maybe made.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The proviso was not put
on by the Committee of Ways and Means. They
reported it without the proviso.
Mr. CHANDLER. It is in the original hill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is in the hill an it-comes
hero from the House of Representatives.
Mr. CHANDLER. Then there is at the head
of that committee Thaddeus Stevens, who, al-
though a very able lawyer, is one of the heaviest
business men in the State of Pennsylvania, as I
am informed. There are six out of the nine prac-
tical business men and merchants of large expe-
rience. They were preparing a national banking
system, and they meant that it should be a pinc-
tie,a! one,one that could be adopted in ail theStates
of the Union. We are to-day in the very crisis
of our fate. If we fad ut all, we fail financially.
We have men enough, material enough, enough
of every thing exccpt finances. We are iri the very
straining point. If we pass this point, we go
through. If we fail financially now, wc fail alto-
gether. Now, sir, I believe that tlie Senate of rhe
United States, the Congress of the United States,
and the nation are prepared to make any sacrifice
that may be requisite to keep our finances in a
sound condition at this hour of our peril. I be-
lieve that they would consent to the sequestration,
as the Senator from Maine called it the other day,
of all the bonds issued by the Government; that
is, sequestration for the benefit of the Treasury
of the United Suites. The tax proposed by the
Senator from Massachusetts, as I said befoie, is
a very heavy tax, it is enormous, but dining the
continuance of this rebellion I believe there will
be no objection on the part of bankers or citizens
anywhere and everywhere to taking that capital
out fiom local taxation and making it subject to
national taxation only.
The Senators from New Hampshire, Maine,
Vermont,Pennsylvania,and Maryland, the other
day, each and all argued that it was just as impoi t-
ant, in this hourofour country's peul, to sustain
the State credit as it was to sustain national ciedit.
Why, si;', did it ever occur to those gentlemen
what would be the effectof a financial f'uiute with
$*2,000,0u0,000 of our Government paper afloat,
winch is made a legal tender? Have they ever
thought what would be the result of financial rum
to us at this time as a nation? Why, sir, your
banks would not be worth the paper on which
their bills are written. They would all be com-
pelled to receive their dues in this Government
paper, which would be worthless. It would lead
to universal ruin. Banks, individuals, cities,
towns, States, would go into one mass of ruin if
the nation failed.
Sir, 1 believe there is but one State in the Union
that owes as much as $40,000,000. Most of the
States owe very little. Will you say that the
States c&nnot stand this? Will you say that they
will not permit it? Sir, you little know the tem-
per of the people of this nation if you do not know
that they will stand anything and everything to
sustain their Governmentatthishour. They do
not come in conflict. All the real estate of the
States is subject to local taxation; all other prop-
erty is subject to local taxation; and now you
simply come in and say, what you have the
power to do, as I believe, under the Constitution,
that the financial issues of this Government shall
be simply subject to national taxation. I be-
lieve you haVfe a right to say it. I believe you
have a right to insist upon it. I believe it to be
the duty of the Senate to insist upon it in this
hour of peril.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move that the Senate ad-
journ.
Mr. SUMNER. Before that motion is put I
ask to have the proposition which I have moved
printed for the use of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That order
will be made.
Mr. JOHNSON. I renew my motion.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.  
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, JShty 5, 1864.
.The House metal twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. W. II. Ciiankino.
The Journal of yesterday wns read and approved.
A. BUSH.
Mr. McRRIDE. Task the unanimous consent
of ihe House to take from the Speakei's table
Senate bill No. JW, to authorize the aettlementof
tlx; accounts of A. iiush, late public printer for the
Tt ri itory \>f Oregon.
There whs no objection; and the bill was taken
up, read a first ami second time, and referred to
the Committee on Printing.
OltKtiON HIUNCH MINT.
Mr. McRRlDK. I also ask unanimous con-
sent to take from the Speaker's fable Senate bill
No. 185, to establish a branch of the Mint of the
United States at Dalles City, in the State of Ore-
gon.
There was no objection; and the bill was taken
up, read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the a title of the
Union.
DANIEL II. lUXGHAJt.
Mr. LONG, by unanimous consent, moved that
the papers in the case of Daniel II. Ljingham be
taken from the Speakei'x table and lecomnntted
to the Committee of Claims for furtherexamnm-
tion.
The motion was agreed to.
FOREIGN AND COASTING TRADE.
Mr. ELIOT, by unanimous consent, moved to
take fiom the Speaker's table Senate bill No. 223,
to regulate the foreign and coasting trade of the
northern, northeastern, and northwestern front-
lersof the United States, and for other purposes.
There was no objection; and the bill was taken
up, lead a fiist and second time, and leferred to
tiie Committee on Commerce.
KMliy.LLIOUS STATES HILL.
Mr. 1}H AN UEGEE, by unanimous consent,
recorded ins vote in the utlii illative on the. rebel-
lious Stales bill; and Messrs. McKinxey, Mor-
ris of Ohio, King, Robinson:, McDowell, and
English recorded their votes in the negative.
EMPLOYES IN GOVERNMENT PRINTING OFFICE.
On motion of Mr. FENTON, the Committee
of Ways and M-'uns weic discharged from the
further consideration of tin-* memorial of thiee
j bundled employes m the Government punting
' office for such modification of the law as will
place them on an equality with other Govern-
ment employes in legard to the hours required
for labor, and the same was referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on, the special order.
Mr. GANSON. I desire to call up at this time
the contested-election case of Bruce vs. Loan, of
Missouri. The case has been deferred already
to accommodate other business.
The SPEAKER. The motion to suspend the •
rules takes precedcnce*, because that motion sus-
pends the rule under which election cases can be
taken up as a matter of privilege.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask leave of absence for
Mr. Thayer for one week.
No objection being made, leave was granted
accoidingly.
CLAIMS OF PENNSYLVANIA.
Mr. STEVENS. I want the Pennsylvania
claim disposed of, and I must insist upon my
motion.
Mr. KING. I ask the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania to allow me to make a report from the
Committee on the Judiciary, with a view to have
it referred to the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. STEVENS. A number of gentlemen
around mo also desire to make reports, and those
things can he done after this matter is disposed of.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended, and the House
resolved itself into the Committee of tiie Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Pikf. in the chair,)
and p/oceeded to the consideration of the special
older, being a bill (H. R. No. 117) to reimburse
the State of Pennsylvania for expenses in calling
out the mihua of said State during the recent in-
vasion .
Mr. STEVENS. There was a substitute of-
fered for this bill. Before the question is taken
on that substitute, I ask to amend the original
bill by striking out ail after the word "reim-
burse,"" and inserting what 1 send to the Clerk's
desk.
The CHAIRMAN. There are two amend-
t mcnts pending to the original bill; one proposed
, by the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Gan-
• son,] and an amendment to that amendment of-
j fered by the £en tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Farns-
1VO ItTH.]
Mr. STEVENS. I supposed those were
amendments to the substitute.
The CHAIRMAN. They were offered to the
bill.
•Mr. STEVENS. The substitute which I offer
is meiely changing the woiding of the ougiiml
1 bill, and 1 hope there will be no objection to my
oilenng it.
The substitute was read, as follows:
Suike mit all after tiie word " reimburse," and inseit
the follow mi::
The ni-tmition^ and individuals who advanced money
}>.t\ the Ft nn-vIvania soUtu'i-. who uero called out by
the pioci.nnationof the Pre-ident of the United States anil
the (Jovt'iiioi of Penn.-ylvama to rejvl the invasion in
Maiyiciml and Pennsylvania bv the tehi-l loiees under
General Lee in the i-ummer ot J8' 3, and who woie in the
aemal service of the United Stale-, the sum of &'7UU,00U ;
and any money in the Treabury of the United States not
othenviM! appiopuated i> heiehy appiopuated lo pay to
the Uovernot ol Pennsylvania ui tnist for the above-men-
tioiifd purpose.-..
No objection being made, the substitute was
adopted.
Mr. STEVENS. I suppose thevote willfirst
be taken upon the amendments to the original
bill as it now stands, i hope they will all be
voted down.
The amendment offered by Mr. Farnsworth
to the amendment was read, as follows:
PioridcJ, That only so much shall be paid out of the
Treu.auy in putMianee of the piovisions of tins aet as shall
appeal fiom the muster-in and inu-lei-out roils to he tieces-
smy to pay tlKwe troops only who weie mustered into the
s-iMvice ot the United ritates, and were regulaily mu->teied
out.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I call for tellers upon
the amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Kellogg, of
Michigan, and Mr. Noble, were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 45, noes 60.
So the amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
The amendment offered by Mr. Ganson was
then read, and is as follows}
Provided, That the expenses of none of the militia of any
Slate shall be paid under tins act who rented to he mus-
tered into the serviee ot tin* United Slate.-;.
