1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1157
that they wili be unable to resist, and before
which they will be unable perhaps to stand at some
future day.
The Senate are not to be told—wo all know it—
that, whether wisely or unwisely, whether hu-
manely or otherwise, there is by white m&n and
by white women, as a general thing—it is not
universal—a preference, when the question of
social intercourse is concerned, for white men
and white women; and I believe the same may
be said of the other class. God knows I have no
feeling against them, and never have had; cer-
tainly have none now. I am perfectly willing to
give them, and'shall vote for every measure that
may be deemed nccessary to accomplish thatend,
all the rights necessary to enable them to be pro-
tected in life and property. But when we come
to the question of political rights and social en-
joyment, there are other considerations that en-
ter into such inquiries. Native has deeply fixed
in the heart what may be called a prejudice or not
as gentlemen think proper. If it be a prejudice—
if it be not irreligious so to say—it is a prejudice
that comes from our-Creator; a preference on our
part for the society of those whom we deem God
lias created our equals.
Now, I remember, and it must be fresh in the
recollection of the honorable member from Mas-
sachusetts—I do not think I can be mistaken in
my recollection—I remember that when Major
General Dix, who was at that time in the com-
mand of the department including Fortress Mon-
roe, was overburdened with these " contrabands"
who were comhig to the post and claiming pro-
tection, and he proposed to send five or six hun-
dred of them to Massachusetts, the Governor of
that State refused to receive them, on the ground,
I think, that he thought the climate would not
agree with them. If it be so, and 1 do not say it
is not so—I wili not dispute such high authority
as the Governor of Massachusetts—that of itself
proves that there is a natural distinction between
the two races. The honorable member from Mas-
sachusetts, and every other man that I ever saw
from Massachusetts who was white, looked as if
the climate agreed with him; and if there be any-
thing in the climate thatis detrimental to this par-
ticular class, it only proves that nature has made
a difference between us. Let us not try to im-
prove upon nature. I do not tfiink we are equal
to it.
The condition of this class is now such—I do
not mean thtfse who have been free for years—
that it would be very perilous, as i think, to adopt
this political and social equality. I do not know
how many have escaped from the South where
our armies have gone; but I suppose hundreds of
thousands. Thousands and thousands are here
from Virginia and from the other slave States.
Are they fit to take partin the great political ques-
tions which are now distracting the country ? Are
they fit companions for ourselves and our wives
and our daughters? The question is not whether
they can be lit, not whether nature has not en-
dowed them with a mental capacity equal to that
of the white. Upon that point differences of opin-
ion are entei tamed. I have seen some of them
who, as I thought, had as much natural capacity
as any white man 1 ever saw; but apparently
those instances were exceptions.
Rut however that may be, one thingis certain,
and he who has eyes to see must have seen it,
that, speaking of those who have just escaped from
slavery, they are not the people to exercise the
elective franchise and to mix m society with the
educated classes of which, and from which, the
public councils of the country should always be
Lomposcd and taken. Just imagine some five or
six or more of them holding a balance of power
in this Senate, having seats in this body, and any
of the great topics were presented for discussion
and for action. Howwould you manipulate them
so as to get them to go with either party? By
reason ? No; they know not what it is, except to
a very limited degree. By persuasion? Yes. Per-
suasion, founded upon what, and appealing to
what? Founded upon ignorance, and appealing
to ignorance. It might happen that the vote of
one of these men, if not bereft of reason, bereft
of all the qualities fitted for this Chamber, would
outweigh, or weigh at least as much as the opinion
and the vote of the honorable Senator from Mas-
sachusetts. What would he think if a measure
was carried by a vole of that description as against
his own intelligent voice? "Would he think the
country was benefited ?
Mr. SUMNER. With the Senator's permis-
sion I wili state that I remember that when I first
came into the Senate, Hon. John Bell, well known
to the Senator, told me that ho was first chosen
into public life by the voles of free negroes.
Mr. JOHNSON. That may be.butl suppose
he had some white votes.
Mr. CONNESS. They made a very bad choice.
[Laughter.]
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 will not say that. The
Senator from California may be right, perhaps;
but that would not prove that they were particu-
larly fitted for the elective franchise. Have you
got any other instance that illustrates their capa-
city for the public service? If you have you had
better bring it out.
I know, and I have said it more than once, that
some of tins class are educated, very well edu-
cated. Many of them born free have had a suffi-
cient education to learn to read and to write, and
learning the elements of education they have be-
come superior men. One of them was employed
in Maryland in surveying several ofour boundary
lines, Mason and Dixon's line particularly, ana
some of'the calculations made on that occasion,
astronomical as well as mathematical in the higher
sense, were made by a black Maryland man who
had been a slave. I am far from saying that be-
cause a man is black, or because he is a slave,his
mind is not just as good as the mind of any other
man; but what 1 mean to say is this, (and it was
illustrated in that case,) that notwithstanding his
extraordinary mental ability and his great culti-
vation of it, there existed still in that impression
which seems to be the impression of nature, a
prejudice which kept that man from the table of
the white men who thoroughly esteemed him,
and by whom he was surrounded.
Let me refer to this idea of social equality in
another aspect, and I shall do so certainly with
no invidious purpose. There may be some few
men deranged enough to be willing to go to thatex-
tent but I am sure that no white educated man in the
United States could be induced to contract a con-
tract of marriage with a black woman. He could
still less be willing to see any white woman, bound
to him by any of those ties which bind woman to
man in the domestic circle, contract that contract
with a black man. He would hide his head in
very shame, and his life would be imbittered to
its very end if he could see the daughter of his
heart wedded to a man of that description, and a
progeny growing up the result of that marriage.
He would feel that to him it would be a kindness
to take his life, because such a measure to him
would be infinitely worse than a calamity of that
description. A man can meet death, if he be a
man, in a just cause, without feeling even the sens-
ation of fear; but no man can meet a calamity
such as I suppose that would be felt by every man,
with anything but a continued, trembling, anx-
ious, depressing, harassing, crushing fear.
It may be in the providence of Heaven that
irrsome hundreds of years the problem which is
now before us, of social and political equality,
may be solved, particularly the fust; but as it is,
as we now are, he who hopes to see it solved so
as to produce at once such equality, sins, as I
think,agamstall the signs of the times, and wars,
as I believe, against ail the natural feelings of the
human race.
I conclude, Mr. President, by saying that I
trust upon reflection the honorable member from
Massachusetts will see that there is no necessity
for his amendment. I think a majouty if not all
the members of the Senate, with the exception of
the honorable member frorfi Delaware, have come
to the conclusion that if you pass the bill without
the amendment, those people will have just as
much right to go into the cars as they will have
if the amendment be adopted. Besides, I think
it invites a certain class or certain parties to bring
about difficulties which the peace of society re-
. quirts should beavoided,if possible. The learned
surgeon who holds a commission in the Army is
the only one I have heard of who has complained
of the supposed misconduct of the present rail-
road company. He got upon the ears, and his
ejection gave rise to the former discussion. He
went into the Supreme Court, and he gave rise to
,1 some inquiry in this body whether the Supreme
ii Court had directed him to be turned out. He
seems anxious to be a martyr. Now provide by
law, in express terms, that these people'shall ride
in these cars,giving them a right, apositive right
which you do not give to the white man, and there
may be a good many Dr. Augustas, and we may
have trouble.
And what is it all for? It is a mere matter of
taste on the part of these black people or white
people. I should have no objection to ride in a
car with them, provided they were clean; and I
have just as much objection to sitting alongside
of a dirty white man as to sitting alongside of a
dirty black man. But we know, and £ think if
honorable members will consult their own homes
they will find, that there is, atleastamong thetadies
from the North who are from time to time in the
city and are in the habit of using the care, just as
great a repugnance to traveling in the cars with
that description of people as is to be found in any
other class of our community. We of tlie South,
because the institution of slavery was there, have
become accustomed to them. I do not speak of
myself, for I have no slaves,and I never had any
except for a few moments. In the South they
are a part of our fireside. They know how to
behave themselves. They are treated kindly as
a general rule, very kindly; fed as well as their
masters, clothed as well for all the purposes for
which clothing is really needed. They do not
take their seats at the table; they never think of
such a thing; yet they have been as happy as the
day is long.
I am glad to believe that the time is coming
when the institution will no longer exist in Mary-
land; very glad to know that it is coming, and
coming speedily. I am glad to know it, notonly
because from the first I have thought the institu-
tion an evil one, but because with reference to our
own State and the latitude in which we are and
the latitude in which the adjoining States are to
be found, slave labor is the dearest we can have;
and from a full conviction of the correctness of
the opinion of that man who towers so much
above all other men that ever trod the face of this
earth—Washington. In a letter, in 1798 1 think,
to a friend of his in Europe, in answer to an in-
quiry made by him what were the priccs of land
in Pennsylvania, in Maryland, and in Virginia,
as he contemplated purchasing a large quantity of
land, Washington said the price of lands in and
around Philadelphia, or in Pennsylvania gener-
ally, was so much, thirty, forty, or fifty dollars an
acre; in Maryland a great deal less; m Virginia
a great deal less; and in his opinion it was to be
referred almost exclusively to the existence of sla-
very in the latter States and its non-existence in
the former; and he said further, that he believed
it was not only the duty of the several States to
put an end to the institution, but that he thought
it would soon be accomplished, and when accom-
plished Maryland, particularly the Eastern Shore
of Maryland, and the corresponding portions of
Virginia which lie upon the water-courses, would
prove to be the garden of America.
Of the soundness of that opinion I have not the
slightest doubt. But this is to be accomplished
by getting rid of the institution, as we are now
about to do. It is practically at an end in Vir-
ginia. You may get or not successfully to the end
of this rebellion; but whether successful or not,
I say the day has gone by when tfie institution
can long survive as it lias been living in the past.
It may not be actually dead, but it has upon it
the wound of death; and these gentlemen at the
South—many of whom are very conscientious, I
have no doubt, in the opinion that it is an insti-
tution to be preserved instead of being abolished
—will soon find, in the judgment of Christendom
outside of their own limits and in the silent influ-
ence of that Christian faith which has done so
much to humanize society, an obstacle to itscon-
tinuance which no power of man can much longer
restrain.
Mr. SAULSRURY. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator from Maryland has made theargument which
I supposed he would make; and notwithstanding
the high source from which thatargument eman-
ates, 1 see nothing in it to change the view I ex-
pressed yesterday, and nothing, in fact, to justify
any extended reply.
The question at issue is not whether the rail-
road company in Washington is bound to sup-
ply all proper facilities for travel to all classes of
persons, because I admit that; but the question
