1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ill
WASHINGTON CITY RAILROAD.
Mr. SWEAT submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Unsolved, Tliat the Committee for the District of Colum-
bia be diieeted to inquire into the question of the facilities
afforded by the Washington city railroad for the cainngc
of passengers, and, if of the opinion that the same are inad-
equate, that ttiey have power to report by bill or othenvise,
as they may deem proper.
STEAMER IIOWQUA.
Mr. PIKE submitted the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be directed to
communicate to this House a copy of the repoit of Acting
Lieutenant Edward V. Dpv*mis of the treatment of the offi-
cers and crfvv of the United States steamer Howqua, in
Halifax harbor, in June last, when said steamer was at
Halifax toi the purpose of coaling.
ACTING QITFICEKS OF THE NAVY.
Mr. PIKE also submitted the following reso-
lution; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
U-esotved, That the Committee on Naval AfTun.s be in-
structed 10 inquire into the expediency ot amending the law
authorizing the Seeiotary of the Navy to appoint acting
officers of the Navy, so as to extend the ppwer of appoint-
ment so as to include acting ofliceis above the grade ol lieu-
tenant.
PRIZE MONEY.
Mr. BLAINE submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Whereas the prolonged delay in the distribution of prize
money to the officers and seamen of our Navy is working
serious irijuiy to the service by creating distiust in the good
faith of the Government, and thereby retarding enlistments:
Theieforc,
Rewired, That the Recietary of the Navy be directed to
communicate to the House, as piomptly as may he, the
reason-, 101 this delay, in ordot that it may be lemedied by
additional legislation, if needful.
POST OFI'ICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr, STEVENS moved tlmt the rules be sus-
pended, and the House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union to
take up and consider the Post Office appropriation
bill, which was made the special order in that
committee for this day.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Wholeon the state of the Union,
(Mr. Rice, of Maine, in the chair.)
Mr. STEVENS moved that the President's
message be laid aside, and that the committee take
up House bill No. 50, making appropriations for
the service of the Post Office Department during
the fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1865.
The motion was agreed to.
The bill was read a first lime for information,
and then the Cleik proceeded to read it by para-
graphs for amendment.
Mr. BROOKS. Mr. Chairman, the Clerk has S
just read an appropriation of £7*849,000 for the >
transportation of the inland mails. 1 hope that the j
chairman of the Commuiro of Ways and Means
will explain that item. Will he point us to the
estimate where it is provided for, so that we may
see what it i^? Let us know what we are doing,
for this is a lar^e sum of money.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Chairman,itis notcus-
tomary for the estimates of the PostOffice Depart-
ment to be carried into the estimates of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury which are sent to the House,
it being, or ought to be, a self-sustaining Depart-
ment; butithusalways been the habitof the Post-
master General to make out the estimates in man-
uscript, and send them to the Committee of Ways
and Means for the amount required. I hold it in
my hand, and it is in the words of this bill.
Mr. BROOKS. Is it the sum in the aggregate?
Mr. STEVENS. Yes,sir,that is the onlyes-
timate and the only explanation from the Depart-
ment.
Mr. BROOKS. That used to be a large sum
when we were here young men together.
Mr. STEVENS. It used to be a large sum of I
money when we had added to it two thirds for i
deficiency for carrying the mails m the southern j
States. At present we are rid of that. The de- |
ficiency will now be a small amount. The gen-
tleman is aware that the moneys received by the
Post Office Department are turned into the Treas-
ury and reuppropriated m this manner. The de-
ficiency is not one sixth of what it was when the
States were all together.
Mr. BROOKS. 1 am much obliged to the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means,
and I have no doubt the House is satisfied.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 am unable to give the
gentleman any other information, because the
Department has not furnished it to us. The lan-
guage of the bill is in the words of the communi-
cation sent to the committee by the Department.
Mr. BROOKS. I have no doubt it is correct.
I inquired for my own information upon the sub-
ject.
Mr. KASSON. This appropriation for inland
transportation is confined exclusively to paying
the amount required by contracts which are made
and which continue for four years—the United
States being divided into four divisions for this
purpose. Contracts are made once in four years
for each division. The estimate is simply to pay
the amount which will be called for by contracts
to be made in one of these divisions, and con-
tracts which have been made in three of the di-
visions, for this year. It is in one part conjectural,
and in the other part certain.
Mr. BROOKS. Is there any appropriation
made here for carrying the mail from New York
to Panama, or from Panama to San Francisco?
Mr. KASSON. We have no contract for that
route at present.
The Clerk then resumed the reading of the bill,
and advanced to the clause—
For payment of balances due loreign countries,$200,000.
Mr. BROOKS. I wish to make an inquiry as
to those two lines, thirty-five and thirty-six. I
think I understand them, but I want to be sure.
Is this a difference of postage against the United
States in connection with other countries? Does
it bring us ^200,000 in debt ?
Mr. STEVENS. I understand the gentleman
from Iowa [Mr. Kasson] just explained that.
Mr. KASSON. This appiupriation arises from
an adjustment of the postal balances between this
country and foreign countries. Two or three for-
eign countries are usually indebted to the United
States. Prance and England always have a bal-
ance against us, as well as one or two other
countries. This is a balance which it is estimated
will be due. We collect more postage in some
cases than other foreign departments do, and in
that ca.se we have to pay a balance to them. The
amount atao depends, to some extent, upon which
country furnishes the steamers which carry the
ma 11.
Mr. BROOKS. How does this amount com-
pare with the usual appropriation for this pur-
pose ?
Mr. KASSON. It is about the usual amount;
and I bee: to add, now that I am upon the floor,
that the Depaitmentis at present engaged—and
i mention itfiom my special connection with the
matter—in revising all it^ postal treaties with for-
eign countries, in order to get nd of paying these
balances, which at this time cost extravagantly,
in consequence of the rate of exchange.
Mr. W ASH BURN E, of Illinois. I would
inquire if there is any appropriation in this bill
to pay the railroads between New York and
Washington for carrying the mails?
Mr. STEVENS. There is a provision for pun-
ishing them when they fail—not in this bill, but in
former bills.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the fines
have been imposed as they should be, the com-
panies would not have much left. And as this
bill is open to general debate, it may be well to
call the attention of the country for afew moments
to the stale of communication between the great
commercial and political metropolises of the coun-
try. Weaie here connected with the commer-
cial center only by railroads of a single track,
which are under control of monopolies so power-
ful as apparently to defy every effort at reform.
I understand the recent delay we have experi-
enced on trips from New York, and which has
been attributed to the weather and to the accu-
mulation of ice m the Susquehanna, was notrealiy
so much the result of the ice and the weather as
the result of the carelessness of the company in
putting so many cars upon the boat as to ground
it. Thus it has been that members of Congress and
others have been delayed upon the trip twelve and
fifteen hours.
I do not profess to have any great interest in
this matter, because I hope and believe that, unless
there shall be a reform instituted, the seat of Gov-
ernment must leave this barren and isolated and
inhospitable region for the valley of the Missis-
sippi, where we can feed the people; where we,
can give them good butter at a bit a pound, and
chickens at two bits a pair, [laughter,] and plenty,
as a friend near me suggests, to drink—goosd
water. [Laughter.]
Now, sir, 1 have been somewhat surprised ut
what I have seen in this House in relation to this
matter. Gentlemen are governed by the highest
and purest motives, as a matter of course; but no
man could fail to wonder somewhat that gentle-
men living in New York and New England should
interpose against any reform in this great line of
communication. It may be asked, " What's the
matter?" I will tell you "what's the matter." In
the first place, these railroads between "Washing-
ton and New York cannot do the business which
the country demands; and in the second place, 1
those gentlemen having control of them do not
seem to wish to give all the accommodation which
their roads might afford. What would have been
our situation if these obstructions, which we have
seen within the last week, and which may occur
at any time during the winter months, had ex-
isted when this army of the Potomac was repulsed
—this great army of the Potomac, which is 4* all
quiet," I believe, at this tune, and probably will
be quiet until, perhaps, a great western general,
who I trust will be made lieutenant general, shall
have control of that army? And then, sir, I tell
you there will be no very great danger-from the
elements or from the rebels, so far as your cap-
ital is concerned. But I will not enlarge upon
these observations.
I am rejoiced that the House has shown its in-
dependence to-day by directinga committee to be
appointed which shall examine into this whole
subject, and I trust that committee will perform
thcirduty without fear, favor, or affection. I have
seen committees of the same sort raised before.
I have seen suggestions made in regard to reforms,
and no sooner were they made than it would be
whispered that it was for some other purpose that
those committees were raised; that there was some
other object, blackmailing,or somethingelse, that
gentlemen desired to accomplish. I know that a
committee will be appointed which will be influ-
enced by no such considerations, but that it will go
forward in the great work which the House has
committed to it, and will show the country, and
show the constituents of every man here who has
constituents to visithim, what has been the control
and policy of these corporations. Sir, they are only
known now to the country by their impositions and
their extortions upon the Government and upon the
traveling community. Sir, if we could only get
at the fact of the amounts which the Government
has had to pay to these corporations, the country
would be astounded. Enough has been paid, I
undertake to say, to almost build a single track
railroad between here and the city of New York.
These companies seem to be perfectly lawless in
all their dealings with the Government as well as
with individuals. Why, a gentleman in New
York told me, the other day, that he knew of an-
othcrrailroad which had recently charged the Gov-
ernment precisely four times the amount which
it charges individuals for a certain service. Let
these things be brought out before the country.
Let the Government and let the people be pro-
tected from these outrages which have been so
long inflicted upon the country.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not know precisely to
which items in this bill the gentleman's remarks
apply. [Laughter.] I have no doubt they apply
to some of them, as this bill is a special order,
and therefore the gentleman would keep within
the rules. But, sir, a great deal that the gentle-
man has said I have no doubt is correct. I do not
tise to defend the railroads, having in my pocket
no free tickets whatever, although I do not say
that I should have rejected any if they had been
offered me. [A laugh.] I certainly, sir, shall go
for any number of railroads that capitalists will
make with their own capital, whe titer it be between
this and New York, or Philadelphia, or Boston,
or anywhere else. So long as they ask no ap-
propriation in money or bonds fiom this Govern-
ment, I will go for one or for twenty railroads, for
all monopolies of that kind 1 look upon as inju-
rious to the interests of the country.
I do not know, sir, whether these railroad com-
panies between here and New York are much at
fault; whether they have not done all that they
could, considering that there is but a single track,
