1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
and clearer water than they have been giving
heretofore, and tliat some arrangements will be
made for filtering it.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Chairman, it is to se-
cure the stunc object winch the gentleman from
New York has mentioned that we have reported
this appropriation. It may not be generally
known to members of this House that we have
never had one drop of Potomac water come
thiough the aqueduct. When that work was
laid out, they commenced to build the conduit
pipe at both ends. About three or four miles
from town they built what is.called the receiving
reservoir, by building up a dam between two
small 4iilis where there was a stream of water.
The water we get here comes from that stream.
It contains the washings of the surrounding coun-
try—abou>t four thousand acres.of arable land.
"When they came to build the aqueduct across the
Potomac, and ran it up to theupperend of the re-
ceiving reservoir,which had been filled some time
before, the water became extremely obstinate, and
all ran back to the Potomac. [Laughter.] The
reservoir, from the surface ten feet down, was
drained the moment the water was let in. It all
flowed back to the Potomac. [Laughter.] Not
one drop of it came this wuy after that. It be-
came necessary,therefore, in order toprcvcntthc
flooding of the Potomac, [laughter,] that a gate
should be put in at the upperend of the reservoir,
which gate is there now, and preserves the Po-
tomaenver from beingmuddied by tins aqueduct,
[laughter,] but does not protect us from getting
the muddy water this way. What is proposed
here is to begin above the reservoir, and make a
continuous pipe from there to Washington, avoid-
ing tlie reservoir altogether, and putting a gate at
the lower end of the reservoir, so that none of that
water shall comc here and pollute the water of the
Potomac.
Then we have provided that in case of fire we
can get the addition of that foul water to use for
the purpose of extinguishing fires, if there should
not be enough coming through theconduit. As the
aqueduct is now built, the capacity of the pipe
was such thatthe city would be supplied with Po-
tomac water at the late of twenty-five million gal-
lons in twenty-four hours. When the cut-dam
shall have been completed so as to fill that aque-
duct full, it will furnish,'withoutany reservoir, a
constant stream equal to fifty million gallons in
twenty-four hours. That the committee deem
sufficient for all ordinary purposes. Leaving the
reservoir for the extraordinary purposes of fire,
we have thought it best for the present to aban-
don the work on the dists ibutmg reservoir. This
will give to the city a reasonable amount of puic
water for ordinary purposes, leaving the distribut-
ing reservoir to future time. We found thai to
deepen the distributing tcseivoir eight or nine
feet, covering as it does so large a space, would
involve the expenditure of a great deal of money.
We have therefore proposed to carry the pipe
around it and connect it with the pipe below as I
have stated. I may say that theentne work upon
thp aqueduct up to ftiis time has only been about
$3,(30U,000.
The Clerk read the following paragraph to the
bill:
Botanic Gaiden:
For gradu  , d Mining, procuring manure, tool*, furl, and
repair?-, purchasing trees find shrubs under the dncetion oS
tlie Libiaiy Committee of Congress, $3,300.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan. 1 move to strike
that whole paragraph out. 1 cannotsee any pos-
sible necessity for the appropiiation. 1 believe
the plants, seed, flowers, &c., of the green-house
are appropriated almost exclusively for the bene-
fit of members of Congress, and I think we can
dispense with them very well. Foi one I should
prefer to see these grounds laid out as a handsome
park and planted with beautiful trees, instead of
this green-house being kept there for the accom-
modation ofmembersofCongressand theirfi iends.
1 repeat that I think we can dispense with them
very well, and 1 hope the flowers will be stricken
out.
Mi". STEVENS. I hope it will be retained.
The gentleman from Michigan I know is a gen-
tleman of delicate tastes, and yet he fiistendeavors
to deprive himself of music and then of flow-
ers. He is suttly doing himself great injustice.
[Xiaughter.] £
Mr*. KELLOGG, of Michigan. I hope the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania will find some better
argument than his delicate ridicule of gentlemen
wlio oppose appropriations for. their support if
they are to be passed. I certainly think there is
no necessity whatever for appropriating money to
keep up a green-house foi* members of Congress.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Will the
gentleman state how many bouquets he has re-
ceived from the green-house during this winter?
1 should like to have him state what became of
that great bouquet I saw on his desk the other day.
[Laughter.]
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan. I have had two
or three bouquets during the winter, and I believe
every gentleman here is notified that he can have
them if he chooses. Members are also notified
in the spring that they can have a box of plants,
flowers, &c., which are all very desirable no
doubt; but is it best to make this very consider-
able appropriation every year for that purpose?
If we want a green-house for national purposes
let us have one on a scale that will be worth the
name; but rather than to make this appropriation
for keeping up this green-house every year for
this purpose, I ask gentlemen whether it would
not be better to have these grounds laid out as a
park; in which people may walk and enjoy them-
selves if they choose?
Mr. PRUYN. I hope the chairman of the
Committee on the Library will explain this mat-
ter. [Laughter.]
Mr. STEVENS. I do not think it needs any
explanation. My friend from Michigan seems
to have been bit by Hoi,man. [Laughter.]
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan. I hope my
bachelor friend will not get too facetious.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. FRANK moved to increase the appropria-
tion to $5,345 70 in the following paragraph:
Foi pay of superintendent of botanic garden, and assist-
ants in the botanic jjatden and gieen-houses, to be expend-
ed under the dncetion of tlie Libiary Committee of Con-
gress, 50.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I move to insert the following:
To pay Lewi* Bollnifui and other? for furnishingarticles
foi the agucultuial lepoa to; 1861. and to pay tin; claim of
Vihnoie, Andiews & Co. for aeorn> furnished the Agiicul-
tural Depaitment, the sum of §3S704.
Mr. WILSON. I make the point of order on
that amendment that it is not in pursuance of any
existing law.
The CHAIRMAN. If that be the case, the
amendment is not in order.
Mr. HALE. Before the Chair makes his de-
cision 1 wish to say a word in reference to the
amendment that I have proposed. It makes an
appropuation to pay foi articles furni&hed in 1861
for the agricultural report, which has been pub-
lished and laid upon our desks. At that time the
Bureau of Agriculture was under the Commis-
sioner of Patents. and he employed these men to
write these articles for the report for that year.
It was done under act of Congress. They were
to furnish these articles at a price which was fixed.
In the mean time the Bureau of Agriculture was
taken away ftorn the Commissioner of Patents,
and erected into a separate depaitment undei a
Commissionerof Agiieultuie. The Commissioner
of Agucultuie had no funds, and those which the
Commissioner of Patents had had been expended.
The consequence had been that these men, who
furnished these articles under contract with the
Commissioner of Patents, and whose labor we
have enjoyed in the agricultural reports which we
have distributed throughout the country, have
gone ever since uncompensated.
Mr. WILSON. This is nothing more than a
private claim, and is not m order to an appropri-
ation bill.
Mr. HALE. It is a just and proper claim, and
one which we ought to pay. I holu that it ism
order because it provides for a deficiency in the
Department of Agriculture.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order, and rules the amendment out.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Columbian Institution for the Deaf and Dumb and
the Blind :
For salane^ and incidental expenses, emb-acins, in ad-
dition to the ohj.-pT-! hcii'ioinre provided lor in tin- nppro-
piiauon, the salary oi an additional teacher, eonsliuetion
ot n new sewer, and the construction and repairs of fence?,
$7,500.
Mr. STEVENS* - I move to add- to.th&tfi*
following: - . , • r- ^
* For continuing the work fortheaccommodationof the
btudents and inmates in said institution, in adcKttop
to appropriations heretofore  nad« :
For the purchase of a tract of improve^ land, coiitaimng
about thirteen acres,^bordering tin #oun&i!y'rstreet tfofe
city of Washington, and adjoining thwJoHiow belonging
to the institution, to enaMe .it to instruct tfie male ptifttjjs
in horticulture and agriculture, and tp furnish sites far
chanic shops and other necessary building*, §26,069^/' '"
For the erection of a builditig to be used as hVecHMlc
shops for the instiuction of the pupils in useful tabmyaiwd
to furnish more convenient and health tu!< apartments,.as
well for the instruction as for the sleeping rooms for tlie
male pupils, $3i ,445 87.
To bring the Potoihac water into the institution from the
nearest water mains, or other *idelquate sources in the city,
#3,200.
Mr. Chairman, the accommodations of that in-
stitution are now taxed to their utmost. The re-
ception of deaf and dumb children was limited
to those from certain districts, but the children
of killed and wounded soldiers in this war are
taken wherever they may come from.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I make the point tliEfct
there is no law authorizing this appropriation, and
that therefore it is not in order to this bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The pointofordercomea
too late.
Mr. STEVENS. This institution has been
incorporated by Congress, and we have made ap-
propriations for it every year. This- appr<Vpna^
tion is for the purpose of doing what we ought
to have done long ago. I will say further that
it is under the control of the Department of the
Interior by express enactment of law.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FENTON. I am authorized to offer the
following amendment:
To enable the Commissioner of Patents to pay for car-
penter^ work done in the west wing of the Patent Office
^hniiding, $5,720 04, or so much thereof as may be found
'necessary: Provided, That said work shall he referred to
three commissioners, to be appointed by the Commissioner
of Patents, for their inspection and measurement.
Mr. WASHBURNE,of Illinois. Thatseems
to me to be a private claim, and therefore not in
order to this bill.
Mr. FENTON. It is an appropriation author-
ized under the act of 1857.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If*it were
authorized under that act it could be paid under
that act.
Mr. FENTON. i will ask the Clerk to read
the letter of the Commissioner of Patents.
The Clerk read, as follows:
11 There vva^ more than a sufficient sum appropriated to
pay the full amount claimed by Mr. Davis, but the surplus
lemaining over alter payment to him wentback lotlie geii-
eial fund of the Treasury, Mr. Davis having presented his
claim for payment to your predecessor, Hen. Caleb JB.
Smith.- The Secretary, after careful personal examination
of the claim of Mr. Davis, directed me by letter to have
the vvoi k done by Mr. Davis remeasured by three practical
mechanics.
" Tlie mea&uiement wa<? intrusted by me to Messrs. An-
gus, Downing, and Morsel!, who were highly recommended
for competency and honesty, and who were selected on my
own motion.
" These gentlemen having been duly sworn, reported to
me that alter careful examination, and making the deduc-
tions by th * contract, the amount due Mr. Davis wa« $J7,-
596 39, making $5,720 04 more than had been paid him.
The appropriation asked for by the Secretary, in his esti-
mate, wai for the payment of that amount, which, m my
opinion, is justly due him."
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That is evi-
dently a private claim. It also provides for com-
missioners, and that is independent legislation.
Mr. FENTON. I am willing to strike out
that part of the amendment which refers to com-
missioners.
Tlie CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of older that this is a private claim, and riot
in order to this bill.
The Clerk read, as follows.
For surveying the public lands in the Territory of Idaho,
$15,000.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I move to reduce that
to $10,000, and to add a similar appropriation for
Montana of $10,000.
Mr. WALLACE. I trust the amendment will
not be adopted, for the reason that no public land
has been surveyed in Idaho. The bill, as re-
ported, only provides $15,000 for surveys in that
Territory which has an area larger than any oilier
Territory in the United States, and, with tho Ti-r-
ritoryof Montana, including an area nearly > qutu
to eight States like Ohio. That Montana should
have an appropriation equal to that of any other
