3110
THE CONGRESSIONAL- GLOJ3E.
June 20,
Territory must strike the mind of every gentle-
man upon this floor; but to reduce the appropri-
ation far Idaho strikes me as wrong in the Ex-
treme, and as doinsc injustice to the people of that
Tenitujy. For this reason, X trust the amend-
ment proposed will not be adopted.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I have no ill-will agains
Idaho, arid would do anything I could for her. I
moved the amendment because Montana was
omitted, and because Montana was carved out of
Idaho and should have the benefitof a part of the
appropriation. As $ 10,000only was appropriated
for some of the other Territories, I supposed the
Committee of Ways and Means intended the
$15,000 for the whole Territory of Idaho before
Montana was taken out. If that is so, the amend-
ment is just and proper.
Mr. WALLACE. As I understand it, the
proposition to organize the Territory of Montana
out of Idaho was before the House before this es-
timate was submitted to the Committee of Ways
and Means, and that the $15,000 was intended for
Idaho exclusive of Montana.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. 1 would inquire of the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
whether tins sum of#15,000 was intended to cover
the surveying for the Territory of Idaho exclud-
ing Montana?
Mr. STEVENS. It was intended to cover the
whole Territory before Montana was carved out
of it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ASHLEY. I now move to insert after ;
line two hundred and fifty-three the following: i
For tutvmingthe public InmK In the Territory of Mon- j
tana, $H>,000. j
The amendment was agreed to. j
Mr. W ASH BURNE, of Illinois. I now move j
to strike out 14 and''' in line two hundred and !
twenty-nine, and insei t after u Idaho" the words
"and Montana," so as to make the provision m
reference to the general appropriation forsurveys
complete.
The amendment was ajrieed to. !
Ah. CROOKS. I avail myself of the oppor-
tunity in connection with these appiopriations
nnmuupnij to neaiiv three hundied thousand dol-
lars lor surveying the public hind, to say that 1
hope that some irentlenum ftom tin" uest< rn .Suites
oi Teiiitories will at an caily pt riod next session
of Coiigiess introduce n hill giving all the pnbiic
kinds to the States and Territories, resei vin^ the
ri^ht of CongM .ss to insist upon our excellent
system of surveying. We an1 appro pi kiting huge
sums of money "for theseTenitoiies,and we have
given ku go poi lions of the public lands away un-
der the homestead bill, but have taken h-\ck a
kuge part under ihe lailioad end wagon road
grunts hieh have passed this Congress; so that
in point of fact the whole public domain haw or
is about to become of no value to the people of
the United Slatea.
Under the < uvunistoncs it, seems to me the
wisi st eouise we cut) take w to fi ee ourselves
from this lailioad, wa^'on road, and telegraph
line legislation in the Halls of Cougiess, and
transfer it to the States ami Territoues. If the
system i-s to be persisted in—and f suppose it is
—of throwing away this immensely valuable do-
mam, and del ivmg no income from u hereafter to
assist in the payment of the public debt, I am
quite disposed to second any bill, as at present
aduyt'd, which may come fiom the western States
or Territories, giving this public domain to the
Slates and Temtories,
Mi. KINNEY. 1 move to amend by in-
serting, after line two hundred and fifty-three,
" for surveying the public lauds in theTenitory
of Utah, $10,QUO." My chief object in offering
this amendment is to provide compensation for
surveying the Indian reservations in Utah, which
by act of the present Congress have been vacated,
ordeied to be surveyed into subdivisions, and sold
in fee simple.
I see by the provisions of this bill appropriat-
ing money for public surveys that the Territory
of Utah isentiiely ignored. 1 cannot think it was
intentional on the pai t of the Committee of Ways
and Means to overlook so impurtanta Territory.
There is no appiopnation in this bill for public
surveys in that Tenitory; bur, on the contrary,
in a paragraph on the antecedent page the Teni-
tory of Utah is fcXfcltuicd fiom any share in tno
benefi'sof appropriations for surveys of the pub-
lic lands, while all the other Temtories of the
United States aie provided for. Such seems io be
the case from a hasty examination of the bill,
never having seen it until this moment. I call the
attention of the House to this fact, as I have upon
other occasions during the present session when
that Territory has been excluded from her just
share of appropriations for useful and necessary
purposes, and again remind the House that there
is such a Territory as Utah, larger in population
and agricultural wealth than any other Territory
in the United States.
The remarks of the distinguished gentleman
from New Yot k, [Mr. Brooks,] who has just taken
his seat, that the public lauds should be donated
to the actual settlors of our western Territories,
strikes me with much force. Such donations
would be but an act of justice to the enterprising
pioneers who, as the advance guard m civilizi-
tion, arc forming mighty States upon the western
confines of this New World. Especially aie the
people of Utah entitled in this particular to the
most liberal legislation. No Territory has ever
been settled under as many weighty discourage-
ments, none wheie the prospects for agriculture
wcic not nuro inviting.
Oiegon, with her nch valleys, her genial cli-
mate and fertilizing showers, was notsufficient!y
attiactive lor settlement, until, to induce emigra-
tion, Congress made liberal donations of public
lauds to actual settlers, and then, and not until
then, did emigiation take up the hue of march to
that distant Territory.
No such encouraging legislation orfostenng care ■
has ever been extended to the people of Utah. ;
Unaided by Congress they have settled a desert,
and by their energy have far outstnpped in pop-
ulation and prosperity their moVe favoifd sister
Temtories. Manifest your appreciation of their
hardships by donating to the people the land they
occupy, which but for them, I hesitate not to say,
would not have been reduced to intelligent culti-
vation. I theiefoi e unite most heartily in the senti-
ment ex pi e^sed by the gentleman li urn New Yoi k,
[Mr. Brooks,] and indulge the hope that that
gentleman will, at an early day of the next ses-
sion, propose a bill and lend the influence of his
gieat ability m perfecting a system by which the
actual settlers of our western Territories shall
jceeive as a fiee gift from the Government the
lands of the Temtories, not only for agnculture,
but for schools and colleges, public buildings,and
for purposes of genera! improvement.
Bat, sir, there is another point intimately con-
nected with the question under consideration.
Congress has wisely provided a homestead law
tor actual settlers upon the public lauds. This law
can be made available to persons m every Terri-
tory in the United States, except in Utah. Do
reulleipen ask me how it is that the people of
| Uiah arc excluded from the benefits of this law?
1 will tell you, Mr. Chairman. In the first place
(here is no laud district or land office in that Ter-
ritory. The settlers cannot make a legal selec-
tion, or at least cannot prefect a selection by re-
eoidimr a description of the land selected in the
land office, for the very potent reason that there
is no office m the Territoiy when1 it can bedone.
[n the second place the land must first be sur-
veyed by the Government, the township, section,
mitl quaiter section lines established, befoie the
settler ran file in the land office a description of
the land claimed as a homestead. Bo'h a land
office and a Government survey are necessary m
oider to make the homestead law available. By
withholding an appropriation for a survey of the
lands m Utah, the people are prevented from
taking ihe fiist necessarv step toward perfecting
their inchoate rights under your wise and benefi-
cent homestead law.
Mr. STEVENS. The omission to make sur-
veys in Utah has been entirely for the benefit of
' the inhabitants of the Tenitoiy. As the gentle-
man, I suppose, is well aware, a good deal of
mom y has been expended heretofore in making
surveys in Utah, and yet there has never been an
acre of surveyed land called for.
Mr. KiiNjNEY. I will say to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania that there never has been a
public land office established in the Territory of
Utah so that the people could purchase lands.
Mr. STEVENS. They take the land just as
well and lather better than if it was surveyed,
and it is because we do not wish to uisturb them
m their peaceful and harmonious action that this
omission has been made. The note ol the Laud
GlFice to the estimates states that no estimate is
submitted for Utah for she reason that there ex-
ists no demand for surveyed lands m Utah ler-
l itory.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 would ask
the Delegate from Utah if there is no land office
in the Territory.
Mr, KINNEY. Not one; no land office has
been established there, and hence we can pur-
chase no lands.
Mr. STEVENS. We had better establish a
land office there before we authorize any further
sutveys. Until that is done, it would be idle to
survey more land there. But we cannot by this
bill estabhsh such an office there.
Mr. WASHBURNE, ofllbnois. I would ask
the Delegate from Utah lE the people or the Le-
gislative Assembly of Ins Tenitory have ever
petitioned the General Land Office to have the
lands surveyed foi the purpose of bringing them
hi to ma i ki t. *
Mr. KINNEY. I am not aware, that they
have. Oigank'.ing a land district and establish-
ing a land office was so reasonable and just trial
it was haiilly to be expected that they would
petition for it.
i Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Jfthepeo-
i| pie of Utah wish to have the hinds surveyed, they
!• have only to bring the matter to the attention of
|| the Land Office or of Congress. I think we need
I' make no appiopriation now. Wheneverthe peo-
;i pie of the Tenitory come and ask to have their
, lands surveyed lor the purpose of purchasing*, I
j have no doubt, the chairman of the Committee of
! Ways and Means will be very much gratified to
l'1 repo'rt mi impropriation to survey the lands,
ji Mr. KINNEY. Theamount of the appropria-
j! tion pioposed in tiie amendment is very small,
j! only $10,000; and the'lands in the vacated Indian
reservations ought certainly to be surveyed; they
cannot be sold until thpy are surveyed, and they
jl cannot be suiveyed until Congress makes an ap-
ji propriation for that purpose. 1 do not want to
j| press this matter m opposition to the desire of the
|i chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means.
'! He informs me that it is not pioperly in order
■ heie. 1 therefore withdraw the amendment.
|| Mr. McBlHDE. I offer thefollowmgamend-
|i ment,to come in on line two hundredand tlurty-
nine, as follows:
|! P.-otilled, That m expending thc-^e apptopjintious the
| Commissioner of the Land Othee may, in In5? discretion,
allow a Mini not (Wecniing two dollar- per mile in addition
to the rata now tixed by law lor suiveys.
Mr. STEVENS. I should be very glad to
have that done, but J must raise the point of order
that this is establishing a new rule and changing
the law.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. PRICE. I move to amend by striking out
the clause appropriating £300,000 for continuing
the woik on the Capitol extension. Mr. Chair-
man, when the deficiency bill was before the
House last Winter, I opposed the item appropria-
ting $*230,000 for this Capitol extension, i at-
tempted to arrest the appropriation, but like al-
most all other attempts of the same character I
have made, it failed. The reason given for the
appropriation at that time was that the woik
needed protection, and that if the appropnanon
was not made the building would suiter because
of the unfinished condition in which it was. I
believed then and believe now that a much less
i^sum would have been sufficient to protect the
work, and that at least 000 of theappropria-
uon might have been saved. Thatappiopnatmn
was made, howevei; and now we are asked for
an additional sum of ^300,000 for continuing the
wotk on the same buihlmg, and the same reason
is given for it that was given for the appropria-
tion of £250,000.
I do hope, Mr. Chairman, notwithstanding the
many exhibitions of a determination on the part
of the House to pass everything in the shape of
appropriations, that this appropriation will not
be made, and that so much money will not be ex-
pended in tins work at this time when there are so
many immediate, pressing needs for the money.
Mr. WA^HBUitNEHof Illinois, called for
tellers on the amendment.
