112
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 6.
to facilitate trade and travel between those points.
I know there was a time when to risk one's capital
in making a railroad at all between this and New
York was somewhat of a perilous adventure, and
therefore I have some respect for the interests of
gentlemen who at that time did embark in it; but,
nevertheless, I say that they have no right to mo-
nopolize the whole business, unless they can do
it fairly. Let any other man who chooses to make
a railroad at his own cost, and pay damages to the
owners of the soil over which he passes with his
railroad, do it.
StiH I am not quite prepared to denounce the
management of these roads, because I do not
know facts enough on Which to found such de-
nunciation. I know that there has lately been
^great delay in the transportation of freight and
passengers; but the weather had something to do
with it. It had a good deal to do with the delay
between this city and Philadelphia. But that is
no reason, as I said befoie, why other railroads
should not be constructed. If there be any rea-
son at all for refusing another track from here to
New York, it consists in the fact that this Capitol
is likely soon to be removed bodily from its pres-
ent position to another place, to which there will
have to be railroads made. If that shall appear
to be the danger, as from the powerful influence
of the gentlemen who have moved in it I fear it
to be, then perhaps we had better suspend the
construction of any further railroads until the
Capitol be finally located somewhere. I have no
doubt that the best place, if we were now seeking
a location, is in the valley of the Mississippi, or
on some of the waters that empty into that great
river. 1 have no doubt at all that the water of
the Mississippi would take more good liquor than
any other, and still be wholesome. [Laughter.]
I have no doubt that that is the very place to
breed the tallest generals and bravest soldiers in
the world. 1 therefore congratulate my friend
[Mr. Washburku, of Illinois] on living in that
particular location where such tall men do thrive.
[Laughter.] Still I do not its exact bearing
on this bill. I cannot very well are it. As to the
lieutenant generally, I shall vote against creating
any more lieutenant generals. We have got one
already. We have one lieutenant general who is
a retired lieutenant-general.
Mr. WASH BURNE, of Illinois. Is the gen-
tleman sure of thai?
Mr. STEVENS, I am not sine of anything
in the wotld. [Lnughtei.] If anybody suspects
it, I will give it up as o doubtful question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I thought
my friend was not entirely certain about that. I
think that if he will look into the law he will per-
ceive that there is no lieutenant general in the
country. The law which he undoubtedly refers
to was revived for the purpose of permitting the
title by brevet to be given to a general.
Mr. STEVENS. I know that our lieutenant,
generalcy was only by bievet. I know, however,
that that brevet lank carries with it pay and emol-
uments.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Eutnocom-
mand.
Mr. STEVENS. No command, ofcoursc. All
that I am aware of.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. I rise to a question of
order. I ask, what has all this to do with the bill
before the committee ?
Mr. STEVENS. That is what I am asking.
[Laughter.]
Mr". BRANDEGEE. That ia what I am ask-
ing, for I call the gentleman to order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I trust the
gentleman from Connecticut will pes mil the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania to proceed. 1 desire
to say a word in regard to the matter of the lieu-
tenant generalcy myself, as the gentleman fiom
Pennsylvania has been so very swift to proclaim,
in advance, that he will vote against giving the
title of lieutenant general.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. I shall not withdiaw my
objection, bccause both gentlemen arc old enough
to know better. [Laughter.]
Mr. STEVENS. 1 think the gentleman is right,
and f owe an apology to the House for the remarks
made by the gentleman from Illinois. [Laughter.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am much
obliged to my friend from Pennsylvania,
Mr. STEVENS. I hope, theiefore, that the
bili will pass without much further objection.
Mr. PRUYN. Mr. Chairman, I did not ex-
pect to say a word to-day in regard to this mat-
ter; but this debate, after what the gentleman from
Illinois has said,, has taken so wide a range that
I feel bound to say a few words to the commit-
tee. 1 am very much surprised that the gentle-
man from Illinois should have made the broad
and general attack he has made this morning on
the railroad system of this country and on its
management. I*do not propose now—this is not
the time—to enter into the question of the merits
or demerits of the railroad hues between this city
and New York. The House has seen fit, as the
gentleman says, to adopt to-day a resolution, in a
perfect spirit of independence, (and I do not mean
nere to notice the attack which he made on the
character of the last House; there are others here
who should do that,) instructing a special com-
mittee to-inquire into the management of those
lines, and we may, in time, have a report on that
subject.
But when a gentleman gets up herefrom a State
which has more largely than any other in the
Union benefited by the railroad system, which
has been developed more thoroughly and entirely
than any other part of the world by that sys-
tem, and denounces it in the manner in which he
has denounced it this morning, I must say that I
cannot help expressing my surprise and regret
to find such sentiments coming from such a quar-
ter. Illinois is covered with a network of rail-
roads. Eastern capitalists, capitalists from abroad,
and capitalists from the middle States, have sent
out millions and millions and tens and scores of
millions of dollars to that State, which have been
invested in advancing its progress and increasing
its wealth, giving dignity and power to that State.
While that has been so, we have a Representative
coming from that State indulging in remaiks of
the most extiaordinary character in regard to the
great system of railroads in this country.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Mr. Chair-
man, 1 wish the gentleman from New York would
be good enough to state to syhat portion of my re-
maiks he is now alluding. Where did I denounce
the whole system of railroadsof the country ?
Mr. PRUYN. I appeal to the members of the
House, to every man here, whether the gentleman
from Illinois did not indulge in a most hitter and
indiscriminate attack on the railroad system of
this country.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gentle-
man heaid me undoubtedly, and can statu to the
committee what portion of my remarks denouneed
generally the system of railroads.
Mr. PRUYN. I refer to the general manner
in which the gentleman spoke of the railroad sys-
tem of the country; the Attempt made by them,
as he said, to rob and fleece the Government, their
arbitrary character, and the manner in which they
were managed 
■ Mr. BRANDEGEE. I understand that the
House is in the Committee of the Whole on the
wtnte of the Union on a special order, which is
the Post Ofliee appropriation bill, and that we arc
not in committee for general discussion. I call
the gentleman from New York to order, as his
! remarks ate not germane to the bill now under
consideration.
Mr. PRUYN. That will depend on the ques-
tion of fact, to be determined at the Clerk's tabic
by the Chair, whether the Post Office appropria-
tion bill was made a special order before we went
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
The CHAIRMAN. The point of order is well
taken by the gentleman from Connecticut.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. I would be
glad if the gentleman from New Yoik would pro-
ceed to answer my question. When he has done
so, I hope that 1 will not be denied an opportunity
of replying to his remarks concerning what I
have said.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate can only proceed
in order.
Mr. PRUYN. I understand the question to
be presented to the House to be this: we are
passing the appropriation for paying the railroads
of this country for services which I hey have ren-
dered the PostOffice Department. Thegentleman
from Illinois virtually took the ground that they
ought not to be paid, and that therefore the ap-
propriation ought not to be made; at least, that the
scrvico has been so imperfectly performed 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman could not understand me as taking that
ground. I suppose that the gentleman will peuuit
me. I state—and the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Stevens]'wi11 bear mo out—that when
the House went into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of tfie Union, believing the bill open
to general debate, I made my remarks particularly
in "regard to the railroad between Washington and
New"York. I remarked that some of the rail-
roads had swindled the Government during the
war; and in proof of that remark I can refer the
gentleman to a report of one of the committees
of the last Congress.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. I call the gentleman to
order, and insist on the enforcement of the rules.
The CHAIRMAN. Gentlemen must confine
themselves to the question before the committee.
Mr PRUYN. Am I right in supposing that
the question is in reference to the payment of rail-
road services? Is that the question before the
committee?
The CHAIRMAN. Thegentleman mustcon-
fine himself to Jhe bill, and cannot go into agen-
eral discussion of the raihoad policy of the coun-
try.
Mr. PRUYNv Mr. Chairman, I understand
the gentleman from Illinois to take the ground,
and he now repeats it, that the railroads of the
countiy—he speaks of them in the mass, and not
only of a few—have been engaged in swindling
the Government during the war.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I said that
many of the railroads which had dealt with the
Government had swindled it. I repeat it, and I
stand by it.
Mr. PRUYN.- The gentleman qualifies his
.former remarks.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. No, sir.
Mr. PRUYN. He talks now abouta few of the
railroads. It is with corporations as with indi-
viduals, and I have no doubt that you will find
some railroads behaving badly,and getting more
than they were entitled to. But I venture to say
that m no part of the world have greater efforts
been made by corporations to meet the unexpected
demands made upon them by the Government than
by the railroad companies of this country; and
that in no part of the world has the compensation
paid ever been less. I am speaking from some
personal knowledge. I do not claim, and I do
not mean to claim, that these companies have been
immaculate; but I do mean to protest against this
wholesale denunciation on this floor of the rail-
road corporations of the country because a few
of them, in the judgment of the gentleman from
Illinois, have attempted to swindle the Govern-
ment. I express my surprise that a gentleman
coming from that State which is covered with a.
netwoik of lailroads should take the position he
has taken.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. What was the decision
of the Chair upon the point I made?
The CHAIRMAN. That the gentleman from
New York must confine himself to the question
under debate.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. I make the point that the
gentleman is not confining himself to the question
before the House.
The CHAIRMAN. In the opinion of the Chair,
the gentleman from New York is taking too wide
a range. He will please conform his lemarks to
the decision of the Chair.
Mr. PRUYN. 1 would like to know again of
the Chair whether we are not considering the ques-
tion whether we will vote this appropriation to
railroads to pay for their services performed for
the Post Office Department.
The CHAIRMAN. Thegentleman must sub-
mit to the decision of the Chair, or take an appeal
from that decision.
Mr. PRUYN. I claim that if I am out of order,
the gentleman shall put his point in writing.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. I am merely calling the
gentleman to order for speaking, not to the bill of
the committee,but to thegeneral railroad system
of the United States, and particularly to the Cen-
tral railroad of the State of New York.
Mr. PRUYN. I have inquired of the Chair
twice, and I now inquire a third time, if we are
not passing upon the question whether the rail-
roads shall not be paid for the postal services they
have rendered to the Government ? Thatsubject
brought up the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
