1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Blaine,and
Washburne of Illinois, were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 43, noes 50.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. PRICE. I move to amend by striking
out the appropriation of $500,000 for the continua-
tion of the north wing of the Treasury building.
I ask for a vote upon the amendment without oc-
cupying the time of the committee with a speech.
I have been charged with occupying much time
here with speeches, but 1 think the Globe will
show that 1 occupy as little time in that way as
any member on this floor, i make this motion
now because I think it should be sustained, and
because the money should be applied to other
putposes. I offer the amendment in good faith,
and I am only sorry that I have not the power to
put gentlemen on the record by yeas and nays on
this question.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amend the amend-
ment by inserting after the word "Treasury" the
word u btfilding," so that it will read " Treasury
building extension."
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
The amendment, was rejected.
Mr. LAW. I move to amend by inserting the
following:
For the embankment of the Ohio river on the grounds
of the Evfiusville Maune Hospital, (Indiana.) lor the [im-
pose of preserving said pounds and hospital from being
injured by tlio floods in bind river, £30,000.
Mr. STEVENS. That is one of the amend-
ments that have been ruled out of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clmir sustains the
point of order.
Mr. STEVENS. I will state to thegentlcman
that we have this item in another bill.
Mr. LAW". I dcsire#to show why it should
be in this bill rather than in another. Some ten
or fifteen years ago Congress appropriated a large
sum of money for building a hospital on grounds
below Evunsville. The Government purchased
a square of land, and appropriated sixty or sev-
enty thousand dollars in tiie erection of buildings.
Owing to the floods in the Ohio river every spring
the embankment in fiont of the building is giv-
ing way; and the result is that while the build-
ing &tood six hundrtd yards fiom the river when
it was erected it is now ouly one hundred and sixty
ya ds from it, and the ground is giving way more
and mote every spring.
Mr. SLOAN. I make a point of order on the
amendment.
Mr. MALLORY. I wish to statd that this
item does not come within the class of cases ruled
out of order. I understand this to be an appro-
piKition to preset ve a public building at Evans-
vilie, Indiana, constructed in pursuance of law.
The express ruling on the point of order was that
any appropriation to preserve and finish a build-
ing was in oider, and was a proper item in this
bill.
Mr. LAW. An act of Congress was passed
and an appropriation made for the building itself,
and 1 say to my fuend from Pennsylvania that
whatever is done to preserve it should be done
Quickly; that before the passage of the bill to
wliich he refers I am afraid one half of the work
will be destroyed.
' The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules the
amendment to be out of order, and he docs it on
his construction of the following rule:
e< No appropriation shall be repoited in such general ap-
propriation bills, or be m order as an amendment theieto,
lor any expenditure not pryviout-ly authonzed by law, un-
less in continuation of appropriations for s>ueli public
works and objects a? aie already in progress, and lor the
contingencies, foi cauyingon the several depaitments or
the Government."
Air. LAW. It is precisely on that rule that I
insist that the amendment is in order.
Mr. MALLORY. it is; that i« the point I
make, that there is a law authorizing this appro-
priation.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has not been
able to find any law, and decid.s the amendment
to he out of order.
Mr. LAW. I understood that the point of
order had been waived m order to enable me to
make an explanation. I think I have a perfcct
right to explain why this appropriation should
bo passed now, and I therefore ask the eonsentof
the House to say that for the interest of the Gov-
ernment, as a matter-of economy, it is important
that the appropriation should be made immedi-
ately, in order to prevent the destruction of the
whole property; and I repeat that if it is put in
the bill the gentleman from Pennsylvania says he
is about to report that before that bill will pass
and we are able to get the money probably one
half of the property will be destroyed, t under-
stand the gentleman from Pennsylvania to say
that there is no objection to the appropriation,
and that he has put it in the other bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
know what question is before the House.
The CHAIRMAN. There is no question be-
fore the committee. The Chair has decided the
amendment to be out of order; and the gentleman
is speaking by unanimous consent.
Mr. MALLORY. I appeal from the decision
of the Chair.
Mr. LAW. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania whether this appropriation
is not m the other bill to which he lefers.
Mr. STEVENS. It is in the bill which I en-
deavored to report on Saturday, but which I
could not report except by unanimous consent,
and somebody objected. We shall report it the
first opportunity we get.
Mr. MALLORY. I ask the committee to
allow me a moment to explain mv appeal.
Mr. STEVENS. Oh, no, I think it*explains
itself.
Mr. MALLORY. I want to say that I do i-t
with great reluctance, and I would not insist on
it at all if the gentleftian from Pennsylvania did
not know the decision was wrong.
On sustaining the decision of theChair 51 voted
in the affirmative and 82 in the negative; no
quorum.
Mr. WASHBURNE, oflllinois, called for tell-
ers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Mallory
and Patterson were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 55, noes 39.
So the decision of the Chair ruling the amend-
ment out of order was sustained.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to abk the chaiimnn
of the Committee of Ways and Means to explain
the puiagraph ending line two hundred and sixty-
eight, making an appropriation of $30,000 for the
construction of vaults for the security of the pub-
lic, funds in United States depositories.
Mr. STEVENS. It refers, 1 suppose, to the
sub-Treasuries or perhaps the national banks
designated as depositories.
Mr. WILSON. I understand then that this
appropriation is for- the construction of vaults for
the national banks which have been designated
as depositories. Now it does seem to me that it
is sufficient for us to deposit the money of the
United States with these national banks without
budding vaults for them. 1 suppose they ought
to have vaults for themselves of their own.
Mr. STEVENS. These are vaults fo* the sub-
Treasuries.
Mr. WILSON. I understood the gentleman to
say national bonks.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman knows that
theie a/e a good many sub-Treasuries or deposit-
ories, and several of them have no safes. This is
for the purpose of providing safes for them.
Mr. WILSON. I only wish to be informed in
reference to this matter. If the Committee of
Ways and Means have any estimates, I should
like to see them. I want to know whether this
appiopriation is for the construction of vaults in
banks which have been designated as depositories.
Mr. STEVENS. Let this be passed over for
the present.
Mr, WILSON. I agree to that.
The Clerk read, as follows:
For tlx-repair and pie-eivjuon of custom-houses, ma-
rine hospitals, and other public buildings under thesupur-
vwoii or the Tiea-ury Depaitsnent, $-10,000.
Mr. BROOKS. 1 mote to strike that out. It
is another one of the class of wandeiing appro-
priations which we ought to put a stop to. Here
is an appropriation of $40,000 for custom-houses
and marine hospital* generally. No particular
custom-houses or marine hospitals are specified.
The Department can spend the money where it
pleases.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. This is a
ptoper provision, which has been in the appro-
pi union bill every year. There are small repairs
to be made in*the^cusiom-houses an<f marine Hos-
pitals which are submitted to the-Treasury De-
partment and this appropriation is necessary to
pay them where they are-ordered to be
Mr. BROOKS. My friend-seems to' be cm*the
wrong side. *
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois.' . No, sir;
this is a just and proper appropriation; it is the
usual appropriation.'
Mr. BROOKS. It may have been theprae&ifee
to pass these wandering appropriation^"* wiiiin
the past six years, but 1 know that it was not the
practice ten years ago. It was then insisted that
appropriations should be specific; and loose, wan-
dering appropriations of this character would not
be supported by either side of the House.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to go back to the
appropriation fortheconstructionof vaults. The
estimates are as follows:
For building vaults, as an additional security to the pub-
lic funds in United States depositories, §30,000.
Mr. WILSON. That is almost the exact lan-
guage used in the bill. It does not explain'what
these depositories are. I want to know whether
any of these vaults are to be built in any of the
batiks which have been designated as deposito-
ries.
Mr. STEVENS. It refers to the depositories
under the sub-Treasury law.
Mr. WILSON. Some of the national banks
recently established are now in operation and
have been designated as depositories of the pub-
lic funds.
Mr. STEVENS. Not under the sub-Treasury
act.
Mr. WILSON. I do not know that. We have
obtained no information on the subject from the
estimate which has been read. It is the same as
the language used in the bill. Now, unless we
have some further infoimation on the subject I
shall move to strike the appropriation out.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. In order to
make it certain I move to amend it so that it will
read, for additional security under the sub-Tieas-
; uiy law. I have no doubt that is what it means.
Mr. STEVENS. It ought not to be confined
to that.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I shall oppose this appro-
priation until we know specifically wheie these
vaults are to be built. We had twenty depositories*
under the iaw existing at the commencement of this
session, and we had not any intimation that there
was any deficiency in vaults for the public money.
We know that under the act of this session the
Secretary of the Treasury has been authorized to
constitute various national banks depositories of
the public money. We know also that the money
received in payment oftaxes is at present, against
my judgment and protest, deposited, in these
bank's. I am unwilling to appropriate money to
build vaults in these banks, and I am unwilling
to make this appropriation until we know where
these vaults are to be built, and whether they are
necessary or not.
The amendment of Mr. Washburne, of Illi-
nois, was agreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Wilson's mo-
tion, and the parugtaph, as amended, wasstneken
out.
The Clerk read, as follows:
For plates, paper, and special dies, and the printing of
circulating notes, and expenses ncces^arily lucimcd m pio-
curing said note*, including miscellaneous items, §4415'i5U.
Mr. BROOKS. I mustavailmyselfofihisop-
portunity to ask the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means one or two questions. He
gives us an opportunity to discuss the bills that
he reports; but there is another member of that
committee who has reported a bill which is now
upon our tables, and who never givesus any op-
portunity for discuss ion. In that Gil I thore is an ap-
piopriation of $4,000,000 for issuing ^400,000,000
of Treasury notes. 1 wish to know whether this
appropriation is necessary in connection wuh that
$4,000,000. I would not press the inquiry now
if I did not feel quite sure that when that $400,-
000,000 bill comes up it w ill be put through under
the operation of the pievious question.
Mr. STEVENS. I was not aware that
$4,000,000 were appropriated.
Mr. BROOKS. It is m the eighth section of
House bill No. 515, reported by the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Hooper.*}
