1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2135
of the gentleman from Ohio by inserting after the
words " actual service" the words " whether reg-
ularly mustered into the service of the United
States or not." That will embrace all men who
did actual military service, and put them on the
same footing with the soldiers of Missouri.
Mr. HALL. Mr.Chairman, I wish to explain
the reasons why the claims of Missouri were sub-
mitted to a commission. They were submitted to
a*commission because they were neither mustered
into the service of the State of Missouri nor of the
United States. They went into the service in de-
fiance of the laws of Missouri and in defiance of
the laws of the United States. The President of
the United States called on the Governor of Mis-
souri for troops. The Governor of Missouri at
that time was Claiborne F. Jackson, who was a
traitor, and at that time engaged in negotiating
with the southern confederacy and acting in con-
ccrt with it. He refused to answer the call of
the President of the United States. These men—
these home guards, as they were then called—
went into the service under General Lyon, with-
out a call from Missouri, and in defiance of the
laws of Missouri, for the secession Legislatuie of
that State had passed alawprohibiting the enroll-
ment of any troops in Missouri under the Federal
Government. These troops were mustered in as
home guards. There were no means, either
through the State of Missouri or the Federal Gov-
ernment, of ascertaining that they had rendered
service. But in regard to the militia called into
the service of the United States since that time
there have been such means, because they were
mustered into the service of the State and called
out in conformity to the laws of the State. The
reason why the commission was necessary in the
former case was that the service could not be as-
certained either througji the Governor of the State
or through the officers of the United States. It
could not be ascertained that these men had ren-
dered scrvice. They were in fact an illegal organ-
ization, admitted to be so, but necessarily raised
under the emergency of the occasion. The militia
that the resolution proposes to pay are regular
State militia, and the State has vouchers that the
service was rendered. The money has been paid,
or the State has pledged its faith for its payment.
That is the reason why in this particular case,
and in this class of cases, there is no occasion for
a commission.
Mr. HARDING. I make no issue with the
gentleman from Missouri in regard to these mat-
ters, but I want him to say whether I am not
right that the act was passed long before any com-
mission was established, and before any ciaim
was ascertained of this general character for men
who performed service but who were not regu-
larly mustered in? Am I not right that it was
provided they should receive pay, bounty, and
pension as if they had been mustered in?
Mr. HALL. Most unquestionably the gen-
tleman is right.
Mr. HARDING. That is the whole matter in
regard to Missouri. I am not making any ob-
jection in regard to it.
Mr. HALL. I do not understand that the gen-
tleman made objection.
Mr. HARDING. What I want to be under-
stood in regard to is this: that when that act
was passed, notwithstanding these Missouri men
were not mustered in, it was provided that they
should receive pay, bounty, and pension the same
as if they had been mustered in. I say thatthat
principle embraced a numerous class of soldiers
m other States whose claims for the time being
were ignored, and those of Missouri were put
upon a high and advanced giound.
There are a number of men in my own State
who tendered the same character of scrvice that
these men in Missouri have. Yet the latter have
been paid $800,000 by the Federal Government,
and the same men in my State have not been paid.
There were organizations not completed called
suddenly into service—the counts y being in a state
of excitement, terror, and alarm—and but a few
organizations were mustered into the service.
We have been as patient in regard to the claims
of our soldiers as any other State. Every man
familiar with Kentucky knows this to be true,
that the State was thrown into a terrible alarm.
All troops, whether the organizations were com-
plete or not, were hurried into the service by order
of the commander there, and to my knowledge a
great many of those soldiers have never been paid
Many were killed who were never paid. They
were not mustered m because of the exigencies of
the time. They were gallant, brave, and loyal
men,and manyofthem fellin various skirmishes
before they had been mustered regularly into the
service of the United States. They were raised
and regularly mustered into the State service, but
they had to be passed over and mustered into the
service of the United States. During the interven-
ing period important services were rendered, for
which no provision has been made. All I insist
upon, however, is that the benefits of the provis-
ion for Missouri shall be extended to the other
States, i ncluding my own.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to say but a few
words, and then I will move that the committee
rise. I regret that the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Cox] should have found it necessary to offei his
amendment, not because I have much objection
to the provision itself, but because it seems likely
to embarrass the bill. 1 should greatly prefer
that the question be taken upon the naked merits
of the claims of Pennsylvania. The amendment
is evidently offered for the purpose of kiliingthe
bill. I again say, that to the general provisions
of the amendment I should have no objection
were it in the proper bill.
It appears by a communication from the Sec-
retary of War, indorsed by the President of the
United Status, that the tioops which were allied
out from Pennsylvania, New Jersey, and New
York, to meet Lee, went into the actual service.
I do not know that there was time to go through
the process of what is called mustering in.
Mr. HARDING. 1 understood thegentleman
to intimate tlm* he intends to move that the com-
mittee rise. Will he allow me, before he does
that, to offer an amendment ?
Mr. STEVENS. I only desire to risem order
to close debate. The gentleman can offei his
amendment after that just as well as now.
Mi. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I hope
my colleague will give me a few minutes before
he moves that the committee rise.
Mr. STEVENS. Thegentleman may pi oceed
now.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Mr. Chair-
man, before entering at all upon the discission of
the bill immediately under consideration, 1 desire
to say a woid or two upon a subject of more im-
mediate concern. I find in to-day's paper an older
ij>sued by General Meade reflecting upon certain
troops of the army of the Potomac. 1 have inoie
than once to-day heard that that order related to
the Pennsylvania reserves. I desire to say heie
—and I say it upon the best authority, which I
am ready to give to the House if it be disputed—
that it in no manner relates to the Pennsylvania
reserves, and that two or three days before this
order which appears this morning was promul-
gated, the difference which existed between the
United Slates Government and the Pennsylvania
reserves as to the date of mustering was settled
satisfactory by the appeal which General Meade
indicated in a former order as the proper source
of lelief, to wit,the War Department. TheWar
Department acceded to the justice of the demand
in reference to the mustering, so far as these troops
weie concerned. I make this statement in order
that the rumors and the common talk about the
Pennsylvania reserves may at once be stopped.
Now, sir, when the claim under consideration
was befoie this House upon a former occasion
an attempt was made to mystify it between two
existing laws. It is sufficient for me to know
that those whose duty it was to execute the laws
which Congress passed had decided that under
no law existing could the War Department or
the Treasury Department assent to the payment
of these claims; therefore additional legislation is
necessary. The matter of the musteringof these
troops has been lefeired to. These troops weie
called out by the Governor of Purmsylvaniaafter
the proclamation of the President. They did not
inquire, but they believed that they were mus-
tered into the service of their country m good
faith, and they acted accordingly in good faith.
They marched side by side with the best soldiers
of the United States; and, to their honor be it said,
they acquitted themselves well and nobly, and at
the end of their scrvice received the thanks of the
officers ofthe United States who commanded them.
Nowj as to the immediate occasion fortius duty,
let me say to the House that Pennsylvania, when
her borders were being invaded, found heraelfin
exactly the condition the United States was in
when she found herself without money where-
with to pay these troops^ An appeal was made
to the United States Government upon this sub-
ject, and the officers of the Government reported
that they possessed neither the law nor the money
to pay the expenses. Then, sir, was it that the
patriotic citizens of Philadelphia, who upon a
former occasion had in partadvanced $150,000,000
in the true spirit of nationality and patriotism,
came forward and advanced this money. This
money is not to be paid to Pennsylvania. She
stands, as it were, simply as anindorser. And,
sir, I ask is there any equity, ts there any justice
in this House in refusing to pay these individual
citizens, who, in violation perhaps of their strict
duly to the stockholders of these backing insti-
tutions, came forward and advanced the money?
I mistake the disposition of this House.if they
will do it.
Mr. Chairman, I voted on a former occasion
with the greatest possible pleasure for the claim of
the State of Missouri for the payment of their citi-
zens, who had not been mustered into the service
it is true, but who, having performed the duty of
soldiers, were entitled to payment for such service.
The House, I think, unanimously voted in favor
of the payment of that claim. Can they now refuse
to pay this to Pennsylvania? Can. they make a
distinction among the States in this respect?
Sir, I need not go so far back as that. Only
within a few days past the two Houses of Con-
gress have passed a bill, and perhapsitisnow by
reason of the President's signature a law, appro-
priating $25,000,000 to pay the troops called out
from Illinois, Indiana, Ohio, and other western
States, who will occupy precisely the same posi-
tion that these Pennsylvania soldiers occupied
upon the occasion to which we allude.
Now, sir, the Legislature of Pennsylvania is
about to adjourn. It will adjourn to-day. I trust,
therefore, that the House will at once pass this
bill. I do notoiiject to the amendment of thegen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Cox] perse, which pro-
poses to pay all the States which have likewise
contracted debis of this description, but I say,
to use a homely phrase, *' Let every tub stand
upon its own bottom." We have placed in the
appiopjiate Department proper vouchers as to
till thene claims. They have been audited and
appioved, and they have been said to be correct
by the President and Secietary of War.
A word more, sir, and I will close. On more
than one occasion a personal allusion has been
made here to myself in reference to some service
that I rendered in having the privilege to com-
mand a company on this occasion, (the first city
troop Philadelphia city cavalry.) I wish to say
to this House and to my constituents and to the
people of my State that not one cent of the money
now asked for will ever directly or indirectly reach
me or any member of my company. They went
there at a moment's notice, and they have not to
this day asked a cent of the Government nor do
they intend to. I say it to their honor. 1 should
not have thrust this before the House but for the
fact that one or two gentlemen here have said that
I am a willing witness in this matter. I was a
willing actor then. 1 hope the gentlemen who
have called me a willing witness will do as some
of my men have done, be wiJlingactors hereafter
should the necessity occur. Sir, these men per-
formed—no man will gainsay it—important ser-
vices. They scouted the country and enabled
General Meade to have a knowledge of the move-
ments of the enemy. They did all they could.
They acted in good faith. All weaskis that they
shall be paid for their services.
Mr. STEVENS. As I said before, I have but
a few woids to say, for I think the House under-
stands this matter.
Mr. SCHENCK. Understanding that the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania designs to move that
the committee rise for the purpose of closing de-
bate, I ask him to yield to me for four or five
minutes.
Mr. STEVENS. I yield to the gentleman.
Mr. SCHENCK. It strikes me thatthe House
manifests a disposition this morning to dispose of,
or in some way act upon, a question of very grave
impoitance as it regards the means of the country
and its Treasury, and what is due to the citizens
