1160
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 17,
ingt'y well-dressed colored man riding in the very
seat pf honor, while the white man sat where the
driver ordinarily does and held the reins and the
whip*, and seemed proud that he held the " rib-
bons."
I might say to the honorable Senator that, as a
question of taste, I feel exceedingly offended at
tnispractice. There would be justas much sense
in my saying that, as there would be in arraign-
ing those who advocate this bill for a want of good
taste in saying that, as regards the question of
abstract right, a colored man,beingadecentman,
not being infected with any contagious disease nor
a drunkard, may ride in the public conveyances in
this city.
The Senator assures us that this class of legis-
lation tends to a fatal equality of the races, social
and "political, and warns the Senate that in our
vain attempts to free and elevate four million
negroes, we are doing all we can to enslave and
degrade thirty million while people—the supe-
rior race. The logic of this argument or rather
this assumption is twofold: that all persons who
ride in the same public conveyance are thereby
necessarily put upon terms of social and political
equality, and that the elevation or emancipation
of the inferior tends to the degradation of the su-
perior race. The bare statement of the first prop-
osition is its refutation.
All classes and conditions of persons and of
every rank and degree meet in the public streets,
in hotels, railway cars, steamboats, at«l other
public conveyances and places, and no question
ever arises of social or political equality from such
fact. On this reasoning, why, tell me, is not the
social condition of master and slave complete and
equal? They ride together in the same publicand
private conveyance often, live together in the same
house, and associate, it cannot bo doubted, in
many ways tending, one would think, to estab-
lish the relation of social equality; and yet it is
said that social isolation between them is quite
entire. Sir, it is not a question of social or po-
litical equality, or the fear of it, that offends the
Senatorand thoseofwhom he speaks; it is not a
real apprehension that the negroes will be made
equal in these respects. It is a question of free-
dom, which puts the Uave oxU of the power of the
master and beyond his control, that fills this Cham-
ber with the lamentations of the Senator when
questions of this sort arise here.
The honorable Senator said yesterday that this
whole question of the legulation of the intercourse
or relations between the laces had better be left
to the gentlemanly instincts of the superior race
and the principles of Christianity, lie scouted
the idea of legislative regulation. Let us look at
that idea for a moment. Suppose I accept the
proposition and leave this question to the influ-
ences of that Christianity to which he appeals.
Assuming now that the Senator is desirous to learn
the teachings of Christianity in relation to his
cherished " institution," and willing to accept Us
dealings with it in the past as a rule of conduct
for himself and those for whom he speaks in the
present and for the future, let us see what is the
record of that Christianity upon the subject. What
has been the couise of Christianity on this sub-
ject for the last three or four centuries—nay, sii,
since tin' light of its doctrines first dawned upon
the civilized nations of the earth? Has it not
been abolition? Is not that the doctrino it taught?
Mr. SAULHBURY. I do not think so.
Mr. MORRILL. Did not emancipation ori-
ginate in the Christian church in the very earliest
ages of Christianity, and lias it not been a fun-
damental and cardinal principle of the Christian
church ever since? In the early ages of the church
whenever and wherevera slave adopted the Chris-
tian religion, his master, being a Christian him-
self, was bound to manumit him by the rules of
the church; by his faith he was emancipate and
free. That doc-trine of the church has come down
to the present hour, and under the influence of
that and similar doctrines, under the influence jf
the doctrines of Christianity, slavery has disap-
peared in every Christian and civilized nation
on the face of tiie globe, excepting only America;
and, God be praised, America is not long to be
An exception.
Sir, if we were to take the course of Christi-
anity, to which the Senator would refer this ques-
tion, we would very soon be free of all these diffi-
culties and all these embarrassing questions.
That Christianity to which he refers, and which
he quoted in vindication of the rightfulness of
slavery, is all the other way. Its influence, its
presence, its history, are all on the other side,
and wherever that influence has prevailed sla-
very has melted away and disappeared among
the nations of the earth.
Why, sir, the spirit of Christianity is the spirit
of freedom and brotherly love, and where these
exist there is perfect liberty; slavery cannot ex-
ist. He who spake as never man spake pro-
claimed the essential brotherhood of the race and
taught the great lesson that to do unto others as
ye would that they should do unto you was the
sum of practical human duty. Where the influ-
ence of these sublime truths of Christianity has
been felt the shackles have fallen from the limbs
of the bondman, and so it must ever be. Chris-
tianity is an inspiration of love and good-will to
man, purifying, elevating, emancipating; not a
law of force, binding, enthralling.
Mr. FOSTER. Except the church South.
Mr. MORRILL. Except the church South.
The honorable Senator will allow me to say, with-
out intending anything personal to him, that the
church South is the school, I fancy, in which he
has studied that theology of which he has spoken
to-day.
Now let us look at the other influence to which
the honorable Senator would leave this question—
"the gentlemanly instincts of the superior race."
Under the influence of the gentlemanly instincts
of the superior race what has been the history of
slavery on this continent? Sir, under the influ-
ence of a lofty patriotism and of Christian states-
manship our fathers planned and set this Govern-
ment in motion on the idea of universal liberty;
and no man who reads the history of the country
aright can deny that proposition. That was the
cardinal and fundamental idea upon which our
Government was based, and through which it was
to workout its great destination. I need not stop
to say that under the influence of that sentiment
and those doctrines provision was made for the
abolition of the slave trade. They taught that
slavery was a sin,a great crime against God and
against man; that it was inconsistent with that
liberty which they had sought to found here.
That is what they taught us.
But, sir, under the influence of the gentlemanly
instincts of the superior race of late what do you
find? Under the influence of those instincts sla-
very has come to be cherished—cherished as a
benefaction to the race; cherished as a great social
good; cheiished as the comer-stone upon which
you are to rear American institutions, the corner-
stone of civil and leligious liberty. When the
public mind in the South adopted that sentiment
of course it became at war with the fundamental
principles of the Government; and it had only
one steji further to go, and that it has taken. It
was to arm against the Government and take up
arms to carry out these sentiments and these doc-
trines. This rebellion is the legitimate fruit and
the logical necessity and outgrowth of slavery, and
these are the fruits of the influence of the gentle-
manly instincts of the race applied practically to
the African in this country.
If the honorable Senator would like to see the
influences of this gentlemanly instinct further illus-
trated, I will refer him to the table? of thelastcen-
sus, and he will find that under the influence of
that instinct, of four million "black" men and
women in this country, half a million are mulat-
toes. That is the result of the influence of the
instincts which he calls gentlemanly, but which
1 denominate animal. Will that Senator, dare he,
rise in the American Senate, in this the nineteenth
centuiy of the Chnstianera,and as an American
statesman, Christian statesman, inculcate the idea
that the great problem of American slavery may
be left to the sway of the instincts of the superior
race, and that we have no duty in regard to it?
If the honorable Senator desires to talk about
questions of taste on this subject of the races or
on this sort of legislation, I will meet him with
this history, with this argument, with these facts.
I say to thatSenator, with no disposition to be of-
fensive to him, that it will be quite as wise for him
if, on these questions which come up, he does not
find it convenient on all occasions and on every
occasion which presents itself here, to undertake
to indoctrinate the Senate and the country with
i these notions which this country is outgrowing,
and which civilization everywhere else has out-
grown in the last half century. He might as well
take a little note of the current facts of the times,
of the current events of the hour. Let him be
admonished by my honorable friend from Mary-
land, [Mr. Johnson,] and by the Senators who
are around him here, that the institution for which
he seems to have such a devotion and such a love,
upon which his infant eyes opened and upon
which when he dies he hopes to close them, is
passing away; that all these attempts to bolster
it up are as nothing; that the current of events,
nay, that Christian civilization to which he refers
and to which he would leave it, has swept it in
the last three hundred years from the face of Chris-
tendom everywhere else and will prove its down-
fall here.
The spiritual and moral forces which underlie
this nation, and which constitute its basis and
strength,are in harmony with the Christian civil-
ization ofthe last three centuries, which has proved
so omnipotent in reforming old abuses and in
ameliorating the condition of the masses of the
Old World, in harmony with the providence of
Heaven in its great purposes in this western
world, and will ultimately give us the victory
over all forms of oppression over the limbs or
minds of men.
Mr. President, I shall conclude simply by com-
ing back to the proposition before us; and but for
the argument of the Senator and the assault made
on this bill that without this amendment the com-
pany had powerto exclude these persons, I should
not have felt at liberty to say a word. But for
the fact, which is patent to us all, that there are
those who sympathize with the argument of the
honorable Senator, and who arbitrarily undertake
to exercise the power of excluding colored per-
sons, 1 should say that thisamendmentaddedno
force whatever to the bill. But, sir, considering
this argument, considering the fact which has been
reported to us, and-the additional fact that on a
former railroad bili the Senate ingrafted precisely
this amendment, and considering the additional
fact that it neither alters nor changes the charac-
ter of the bill a particle, but is simply reenacting
in this bill what I understand to be the general
law of the District, I am inclined not to oppose
the amendment. I shall vote for it.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, I shall
detain the Senate but a moment. I do not know
that there is anything in the very impassioned
speech of the Senator from Maine that calls for
any particular reply from me further than perhaps
that I ought to make my acknowledgment to him
for the very kind advice which he has given me
to look around and observe the action of others
and to imitate the example of the distinguished
Senator from Maryland. I appreciate advice,
sometimes even when it is unsought, and I give
it that consideration which I think it merits; but
I generally pursue my owncourseufterwardsand
govern my action upon publicquestions and per-
sonal questions by my own judgment, whatever
maybe the judgment of others as to the propriety
of the course that I pursue.
The Senator charges me with making an assault
on this bill. He charges that on every occasion
on which questions of this character come before
the Senate I take occasion to express my opinions
in my own way. Sir, I.have made no assault on
this bill. I have-not said one word about the bill,
and did not oppose the bill in any particular; but
a proposition was made to amend the bill by put-
ting into it that which in the judgment of the Sen-
ator himself as a member of the Committee on the
District of Columbia was unwise. He as a mem-
ber of that committee, thinking that this proposed
amendment was unwise, would not report it to
the Senate; and because I am of the same opin-
ion, and express that opinion in the Senate, it is
said that 1 am making an assault upon the bill.
If my opposition to an amendment condemned by
the judgment of the Senator, and condemned by
the judgment of every member of the Committee
on the District of Columbia, be an assault on the
bill, the distinguished Senator from Maine has
made that same assaul t and by his course justifies
my action.
Sir, I will not be led into any discussion here
on this simple proposition as to what was the
cause of this rebellion. I never believed and do
not now believe that negro slavery was the cause
of the rebellion, any more than 1 believe a thou-
