1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
115
any on earth. There was no redress for any out-
rage, however cruel, if perpetrated in behalf and
at the behest of slavery. The vengeance of the
slaveholder against the man who spoke or pub-
lished in behalf of liberty was sharp, speedy, and
unrelenting. The bowie-knife and the bludgeon,
the halter, and even the stake, were the insti uments
of violence and torture resorted to by every petty
lynch judge who found any bold enough to ques-
tion the divinity of the " peculiar institution.'' In
the slave States of this Union a freeman had no
rights which a slaveholder felt bound to respect.
In those Statcsthe Constitution had disappeared.
1 say, then, that slavery had established a revo-
lution, overturned a republican form of govern-
ment, and established a despotism in its place.
The degeneracy and barbarism produced by
slavery are strikingly illustrated by Virginia. Be-
fore the rebellion the chief source of her wealth
was in the cargoes and coffles of men, women, and
children she raised and sent to the Gulf States for
sale. Some years she exported her forty and fifty
thousand; and this was done without a blush in
the grand old Commonwealth of Virginia—the
land of Washington, the mother of statesmen !
Let us pause a moment, Mr. Chairman, and
contemplate the saddest spectacle of all this war—
Virginia as she is to-day. She was worthy of her
early preeminence. Her early history was bril-
liant indeed. Washington, Jefferson, Patrick
Henry, Madison, and Marshall, all men of whom
any nation might be proud. There is something
grand and majestic in the physical conformation
of the old Commonwealth. With the Alleghames
and the Blue llidge running through her entire
extent, she seems fashioned for the abode of free-
men. When we remember that her greatest writer
penned the Declaration of Independence and the
Ordinance of 1787, and that he declaied that in a
contest between her slaveholders and their slaves
the Almighty had no attribute which would take
sides with the master; and when we look upon
her to-day, and see to what slavery has reduced
the proud old Commonwealth, it is indeed the
saddest speetaele of the war. She is being purged
as with fire; she will pass through this agony, and
come out of it restored, emancipated, disinth railed,
and regenerated. Once more shall she be hailed
as the mother of States—free States—and states-
men. Mount Vernon and Monticello will again
become the Mi ccas of the American patriot.
Through the daik clouds which now envelopher
the bow of promise shall reappear; that bow shall
rest upon liberty. When she shall have passed
through this agony, and shall arise freed and re-
generated, when every petty tyrant shall have
been dethroned, then will her stern old motto,
"Sic semper tyrannist9i have a new and glorious
significance.
In view, then, of all the curses which slavery
has inflicted upon the country, I impeach Amer-
ican slavery befoiethe American people and their
Congiess, and demand whether it shall still live?
I charge slavery with treason and with murder;
I charge it with the murder of every Union soldier
who has been sacrificed since the rebels fired upon
Fort Sumter; I charge it with the assassination
of Ellsworth and Lyon and Baker and McCook,
and the whole army of martyrs who have been
perfidiously assassinated by slaveholders since
they began the rebellion; I charge it with a con-
spiracy toundermine and subveitthelibcrtiesand
Constitution of my country, tocrecta despotism
upon its ruins; I charge slavery with the death
of all those who have fallen in this war. It has
dug the half million of graves for patriots and
rebels made by this war; and those who sleep
there would, butfor this cursed institution, to-day
be living m peace and fraternity.
In the name, then, of these dead, in the name of |
the widows and orphans thus created, in the name ;
of our country which it has desolated, m the name
of the Constitution which it has sought to over-
throw,! demand the abolition of American slavery.
YOU CAN HAVE NO PLACE WIIILC SLAVERY EXISTS.
You can have no permanent peace while sla-
very lives. A truce you might have, possibly, <
until it could rccover its power; but peace, never. [
Your contest with it is to the death. Your im-
placable enemy now reels and staggers. Strike j
the decisive blow. You could not it you would, 1
and you ought not if you could, make terms of ;
compromise with slavery. You have abolished |
it at this capital. You have forever prohibited it i
in all your Territories. Your Government has
hung a man for participating in the slave trade.
You have admitted West Virginia free. You have
acknowledged the independence of Havti. You
have enlisted,and are enlisting, Afncan soldiers;
they have carried your banner bravely and tri-
umphantly on many hard-fought fields. You have
pledged your faith to them, to the world, and to
God, that they shall be free. You have crowned
the dome of your Capitol with Liberty. At your
call Missouri is throwing off the incubus of sla-
very. Maryland shouts back, through the ballot-
box, her joyous answer that she, too, is to be
free. Delaware, Tennessee, Aikansas, Texas,
and Louisiana will not linger. Your President,
in a proclamation of emancipation, which, while
it has revolutionized the public sentiment and the
action of Europe, has secured victory to ourarms,
has proclaimed liberty and emancipation through-
out the territory in rebellion.
Here, then, we aie on the eve of universal eman-
cipation. We cannot go back, and we must not
halt. Slavery must die. The sooner it dies, the
sooner we shall have peacc.
IIOW SHALL SLAVERY BE EXTERMINATED i
First, I reply, in the border States, by the action
of the States themselves. This action will be
speedy and decisive.
Second. In all the territory in rebellion, slavery
has been already substantially abolished by the
proclamation of emancipation. Confirm by Con-
gress this proclamation by prohibiting its recs-
tablishment,and abolish it in that part of the rebel
States not included in the proclamation.
Third. Slavery being thus everywhere abol-
ished, amend the Constitution, prohibiting its re-
establishment or existence in every part of the
United States.
Has Congress the power to confirm, sanction,
and carry out the proclamation of emancipation,
and prohibit slavery in all that portion of the
United States designated therein?
WHAT POWER HAS CONGRESS OVER SLAVERY IN TIME OF
WAR?
I claim that the Government has the power in
time of war, as a war measure, to abolish slavery
wherever and whenever it may be necessary to
secure the success of the war.
It is a principle in the interpretation of statutes
•and constitutions, familiar to lawyers, that, to de-
termine their meaning, you may look into and
consider their preamble. This is, indeed, usually
the key to the instrument. It states the object
sought to be attained by the statute; and it would
be strange, if the preamble recites that the Consti-
tution was ordained to accomplish a certain speci-
fied purpose, if the power to accomplish that pur-
pose is not found m the Constitution. Now, the
preamble to the Constitution recites that the peo-
ple, "in ord'-r to form a more perfect union, es-
tablish justice, insure domestic tranquillity, pro-
vide for the common defense, promote the general
welfare, and secure the blessings of liberty, &c.,
ordain and establish this Constitution," &c.
For the purpose of securing these objects a
Government was established, clothed with powers
adequate, as was supposed, to accomplish these
purposes. Now, if a permanent and pei feet union
between free and slave States has been demon-
strated to be impossible, may not the obstacle to
such union be removed? If justice cannot be es-
tablished while slavery exists, shall not slavery
cease * Has Congress the constitutional power
to insure domestic tranquillity ? I submit to the
candid and thoughtful men of all parties whether,
in the light of the history of the past, the endless
controveisies and dissensions, fiom the Missouri
question down to the civil war in Kansas, the
riots and outrages caused byshuery, culminating
in this terrible rebellion and Moody war, whether
domestic hanquillity is attainable while slavery
exists? If not, may not this domestic tranquil-
lity be insured by removing the disturbing cause ?
If, indeed, there is no medicine for this evil, if this
vicious element may not be removed, then the
founders of the Government established the Con-
stitution to insure tranquillity without the power
to accomplish the object.
Fourth. Among the enumerated objects of the
Constitution was to provide for the pubiicdcfcnso.
Assuming the fact that slavery is a source of weak-
ness and danger to us, and would afford aid and
strength to a foreign or domestic enemy, can we
provide for the common defense by removing the
danger? If a city charter vested in the corporate
body the power to provide for the common de-
fense, and a magazine of powder should be estab-
lished in a populous district, would any lawyer
doubt the power of the corporation to cause its
removal? If a dangerous and contagious disease
should spring up, would the power to cause its
removal be questioned ? If a pestilence-breeding
nuisance existed, could it be removed and its cause
be prohibited ?
Again, the Constitution was ordained to pro-
mote the general welfare,and to secure to usand
to our posteiity the blessings of liberty. Suppose
expei ience has demonstrated that we cannot have
prosperity, nor the blessings of liberty, without
extirpating slavery. Suppose the census tables
demonstrate that slavery is the great obstacle to
our progress; that free labor will produce double
that of slave labor; that with free labor you will
have national prosperity, wealth, every element
of greatness; that with freedom you will have ed-
ucation, arts, science,civilization,religion; while
with slavery you have ignorance, brutality,vice,
baibarism: can we, under a Constitution formed
with the avowed object of promoting the general
welfare, promote it by abolishing shivery? Sup-
pose it to be demonstrated that liberty and slavery
are incompatible, and that unless you destroy
slavery, slavery will destroy freedom and repub-
lican government, can you secure the blessings of
liberty to yourselves and your posterity by de-
stroying slavery ?
THE POWER TO GOVERN THAT PORTION OF THE UNION IN
REBELLION MUST BE IN TIIE NATIONAL GOVERNMENT SO
LONG AS RKBLLLlON EXISTS.
There is to-day no government in that portion
of the United Slates in rebellion, cxcept the na-
tional Government. Until it is lestored to the
Union, the power to govern it must exist some-
where. Whereisit? I say, in the President and
in Congress.
That is a part of our country. The United
States—the nation—has guarantied to it a repub-
lican form of government. None exists there to-
day. Jefferson D<u is has established a despotism
there. That despotism must be crushed, and a
republican government established. Everything
needful to that end the President and Congress
may rightfully do. The power to establish all
needful rules and regulations, and make all laws
necessary to the restoration of a government
republican in form, must exist in the national
Government.
I do not choose to theorize about State suicide,
nor whether the rebel States are in the condition,
in every respect, of Territoiies. I call attention
to the fact that there is no government in this
rebel territory, except the despotism of Jefferson
Davis. There is no State government there.
There is no republican government there. The
loyal citizens of that pait of the Union call upon
us to fulfill the constitutional guarantee of giving
them a republican form of government.
Whatever it is necessary to do, to execute in
their favor this constitutional guarantee, Congress
and the President may rightfully do. The nght
to crush armed resistance to the Constitution and
laws, and for Congress to make and the Presi-
dent to execute such laws as will result m the es-
tablishment of a republican government, is then
clear. Butthis right to coerce into subjection, and
govern until obedience and loyalty shall resume
their sway, all territory and States in rebellion, is
not left to inference, nor is it dependent only on
those partsof the Constitution to which attention
has already been called. The Constitution also
provides that" Congiess shall have power to pio-
vide foi the common defense mid the general wel-
fare."
Congress also has power " to make all laws
which shall be necessary and proper for carry ing
into execution the foregoing powers, and all other
powers vested by this Constitution in the Gov-
ernment of the United States, or in any depart-
ment or officer theieof."
Now, the President is an officer of the United
States, the Commander-in-Chiefof its armies, and
it is his duty to supptess rebellion, repel invasion,
and maintain the Constitution evorywlnne m the
Union, and carry out the guarantee to each State
of a republican form of government; and this he
is to do, when necessary, by force, by war,subject
to the laws of war; and Congress lute full power
