1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2137
1 say that after paying §800,000 to a portion of
the troops engaged in that service, after appro-
priating $25,000,000 to pay troops about to be
called out to lav upon the border, after paying
without objection $1,200,000 the other day to
Minnesota for the damages which she has sus-
tained from Indian depredations, udoesseem hard
to refuse to pay this, and it seems as if there were
some settled design to make a victim of Pennsyl-
vania, for some reason to me unknown.
As I said before, I do not desire to consume the
time of the House. I now ask to have that com-
munication from the Secretary of War read.
The Clerk read,as follows:
War Department,
Washington City-, JanuaiyA, 1864.
Sir: The Department has this day received returns of
the amount* inquired for the payment ofthe militia called
out for the defense of the State of Pennsylvania on the 26 th
of June, 1863, against the invasion by the rebel forces under
command of Geneuil Lee. w There being no appropuation
out of which these payments could be made at the time
they were required, patriotic citizens of Philadelphia ad-
vanced the monev, and it is proper that they should be re-
imbui&ed without delay. I would le&pectfully recommend,
thurefoio, that an immediate appropi tation for that purpose
be made. Acopy of a letter of the Second Auditor of the
Treasury is herewith communicated, showing the amount
of claims audited by him to be §671,476 '13 un to date. It
is supposed that $700,000^vill cover'the whole amount of
these claims.
I have the honor to be. very respectfully, yours,
EDWIN M. STANTON,
Secretary of War.
IIon.THADDEUs Stevens, Chairman Committee Ways and
Means.
Mr. STEVENS. It is enough for me to say
that upon that the President indorsed his request
that Congress should make the appropriation. I
will read a word from our Governor, and then I
will be done:
" The troops were called at the request of the President,
and the monej* was advanced in Philadelphia to pay them,
on the assurance then and to me that Congress would be
a-sked for an appiopriatiou when you met. The assurance
was made by the President and Secretary of War."
I now move that the committee rise, with a view
to close debate.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Pike reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had theUnion generally
under consideration, and particularly a bill to re-
imburse the State of Pennsylvania for expenses
incurred in repelling rebel invasion, and had come
to no conclusion thereon.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that all debate upon
this bill terminate m five minutes after the Com-
mittee of the Whole shall again resume its con-
sideration.
The motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Hills, reported that they had examined and found
truly enrolled joint resolution (U. R. No. 69) for
the payment of volunteers called out for not less
than one hundred days; and an act (II. R. No. i
119) to regulate the admeasurement of tonnage of
ships and vessels of the United States; when the
Speaker signed the same.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules besus- :
pended, and that the House resolve iiself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union, j
The motion was agreed to. j
So the rules were suspended; and the House ;
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee of ,
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Pike i
in the chair,) and resumed the consideration of j
the bill to leimburse the Stale of Pennsylvania i
for expenses in calling out the militia of said State :
during the recent invasion. ,
Mr. HARDING. I m«vc to amend the amend- .
ment of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Cox] by ;
inserting after the words "actual service" the 1
words, <k whether regularly mastered into the ;
United States service or not." ;
Mr.^WHALEY. Mr. Chairman, I wish to ,
occupy (he attention of the committee for a few
moments only. 1 uudeistood the gentleman fiom 1
Pennsylvania on my left [Mr. Randall] to say -
that in this matter every State would have to stand ;
upon its own bottom. I think there is evidence ]
enough to convince the House that there have
been many men m West Virginia and eastern
Kentucky who have reported to at least three chi-
ferent generals and have been under military re- i
straint for twelve months without receiving a dol-
lar of pay. There is at least $150,000 due to the
militia of eastern Kentucky and West Virginia.
The gentleman from Ohio, [General Garfield,]
who was in command in that section of coun-
try, knows vei y well that the militiaof West Vir-
ginia rendered him valuable service as scouts.
1 have certificates from General Julius White,
showing that some of our companies rendered him
valuable services; and also evidence from Gen-
eral Crook, who was in command in the Kanawha
valley. If every State is to stand upon its own
bottom f wish the House to understand these
facts. We do not ask or expect that every per-
son shall be paid who shouldered a gun for three
or fourhours, nor do we expect that persons shall
be paid for two or three weeks' service.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I did not
say that every State must stand on its own bot-
tom, but every tub. [Laughter.]
Mr. WHALEY. I am aware the gentleman
said every tub, but 1 did not know whether he
referred to States or to individuals. [Laughter ] I
repeat that there is at least one hundred and fifty
thousand dollars due to the militia of West Vir-
ginia. t
Mr. COX. I rise to a point of order. The
gentleman is addressing the Republican side of
the House exclusively. [Laughter.]
Mr. WHALEY. I turn to that side of the
House for the reason that there are some gen-
erals there who are witnesses to the valuable ser-
vices performed by the militia of my State, and
if the gentleman from Ohio will only be patient I
will address the other side of the House, as I am
anxious that justice be done to every State. These
men have never received one dollar for their ser-
vices, and I hope their claims will not be ignored
in this bill. I know that the militia of eastern
Kentucky, along the border between the two
States, have also performed important services.
Many of these men and their families are now
reduced to indigent circumstances, and many
have, from necessity, in order to support their
families, since volunteered in our Army, and arc
now gallantly fighting the battlesof our country.
While Missouri has received $850,000, and
while the present bill would pay the militia of
Pennsylvania for their services, it would leave
every other border State unprovided for, and I
hope thatgentlemen on this floor will consider the
justice of the claims of other States as well as
Missouri and Pennsylvania, and if that cannot be
done, then let us all be equal.
I regret exceedingly that by a rule of the House
this debate is limited to five minutes, as I desired
to give a history of the valuable services rendered
by the brave militia of my State; and 1 appeal to
the justice of this House not to leave our brave
militia and their families unprovided for, as many
of them have been driven from their homes, and
are now in a suffering condition, and I hope you
will not abandon or forsake them.
[Heie the hammer fell.]
Mr. Harding's amendment to Mr. Cox's
amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ODELL. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in as a proviso at the end of the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Cox:]
- Provided. All claims of loyal States and Teiritorics shall
fie ascertained by tlnee eommifeMOiiors appointed by the
President, by and with the advice ami eon&entof the Sen-
ate, who shall examine and a->ceitain the amounts duo.
Said commis.-ioncrs .-ball lepoit the claims with the fact*
to tin' Seaotaiy of War, and bv bun shall bo certified to
the Seen tary of the Trea?uty. The amounts thus a-ecr-
tcuned s-hall be paid by the proper accounting ofiiceis to the
claimant- or their heirs; Fwiide-t fiather, That in the
adjustment of all account- under thU act no gieater rate of
compensation -bail be allowed titan by laws exiVfmg at
time of f-oivice of slid claim.uita.
The question was taken on the amendment to
the amendment; and it was disagreed to—ayes
twenty-six, noi-s not counted.
The question recurred on Mr. Cox's amend-
ment.
Mr CRAVEN'S demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordeted; and Messrs. A. Myers
and Cox were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 43, noes 54.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. STEVENS moved that the committee rise
and repott the bill to the House*
The motion was agieed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker hav-
ing resumed the chair, Mr. Pikje reported that the
Committee ofthe Whole on the state of-the Union
had, according to order, had under consideration
the state of theUnion generally, and particularly
bill of the House No. 117, to reimburse the State
of Pennsylvania for expenses in calling1 out the
militia of said State during the recent invasiont,and
had directed him to report the same to'theHouse
with amendments, and with the recommendation
that it do pass.
Mr. STEVENS moved the previous question
on the third reading of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. SPALDING. I move that the bill belaid
on the .table, and on that motion i call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 66, nays 60; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Ames, Arnold, Augustus C. Bald-
win, John D. Baldwin, Boutwell, Brandegee, James S.
Brown, Chanler, Clay, Cole, Cox, Henry Winter Davis,
Thomas T. Davis, Dawes, Deming, Dixon, Eden, EI ot,
English, Farnswnrtb, Finek, Ganson, Garfield, Grtder,
Hall, Ha/ding, Benjamin G.'Harris, Charles M. Harris,
Ii crock, IHgby, John II. Hubbard, Hutching, William John-
son, Kafbfletsch, Kcrnan, Knapp, Le Blond, LitMejohn,
Long, McDowell, Mclndoe, Samuel F.Miller, James R.
Moms, Noble, Norton, Odell, John O'Neill, Perham, Per-
ry., Pomeroy, William II. Randall, Alexander H. Rice, John
II. Rice, Robinson, James S. Rollins, Ross, Schenck, Scott,
Sloan, Spalding, William B. Washburn, Whaley, Wheelei,
Joseph W. White, and Yeaman—66.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Aneona, Anderson, Ashley,
Baily, Baxter, Beaman, Blow, Boyd, BroomaJI, William 6.*
Brown, Dawson, Denison, Feiiton, Frank,GrinneU, Hale,
Hooper, Hotchklss, Asahel W. Hubbard, Philip Johnson,
Kelloy, King, Lazcar, Longyear, Marcy, Marvin, McAl-
lister, McBride, MeClurg, Middleton, Moorhead, Morrill,
Daniel Morris, Morrison, Amos Myers, Leonard Myers,
(-hailos O'Neill, Orth, Patterson, Pendleton, Price, Sam-'
ncl J. Randall, Kdward H. Rollins, Scofield, Shannon,
Smithers, William G.Steele, Stevens, Stiles,Strouse,Stu-
art, Sweat, Up^on, Webster, Williams, Wilder, Wilson,
Wmdom, and Woodbridge—60,
So the bill was laid on the table.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. STEELE, of New Jersey, stated that he
was paired on this question with the gentleman
from Michigan, [Mr. Kellogg,] who was in fa-
vor of the bill, he [Mr. Steele] being opposed
to it.
Mr. O'NEILL, of Pennsylvania, stated that his
colleague, Mr. Thayer, was paired off with Mr.
Pike.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
Mr. SPALDING moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was laid on the table; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsideron the table.
Mr. L. MYERS called for the yeas and nays on
the latter motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 60, nays 6*2; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Ames, Arnold, Augustus C. Bald-
win, John D. Baldwin, Boutwell, Brandegee, James S.
Brown, Chanler, Clay, Cox, Henry Winter Davis, Thomas
T. Davis, Dawes, Dealing. Dixon, Eliot, English, Farns-
worlh, Fmck, Ganson, Gailield, Grider, Hall, Harding,
Benjamin G. Harris, Chailes M. Harris, H'-rrick, Higby,
Hutehin®, William Johnson, Kalblleiscb, Kernan, Long,
McDowell,Mclndoe.MeKinney, Samuel F. MiMer, James
R. Moms, Noble, Noiton, Odell, John O'Neill, Perhaui,
Periy, Pomeioy, William H. Randall, Alexander [1. Rice,
lolin FI. Rice, Rogers, James S. Rollins, Ro.-s, Sehenek.
Scott, Sloan, Spalding, William B. Washburn, WliaJey,
Wheeler, and Joseph W. White—60.
JSfAYS— Allison, Aneona, Anderson, Bailv, Bax-
ter, Beaman, Blow, Bovd, Broomall, William G. Brown,
Cole, Ciavens, Dawson, Demson,Eidiidge, Fenton, Fi.itik,
Gnimell, IKile. Hooper, Hotcbkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard,
Pluhp Johnson, Kellev, Orlando Kellogg, King, Ln/.car,
Loan, Ijongvear, Marcy, Marvin, McAllister, Mcllude,
McClurir, Middleton, Moorhead, Morrill, Daniel Morris,
Auio^ Mver*, Leonnid Myers, Cbailes O'Neill, Orth, Pat-
terson, Pendleton, Piice, Samuel J.Randall, Edwaid II.
Rollins, Scoileld, Smith, Smithes, William <i. Sie.de,
?fevens., Stiles, Strou-je, Sweat, U|>?oit, VWb-ter. Williams
IVildcr, Wibon, Wmdom, and Woodbridge—62.
So the House refused to lay the motion to re-
consider on the table.
Mr. SPALDING. 1 withdraw the motion to
reconsider.
Mr. STEVENS. I make the point of order
that the motion cannot be withdrawn after the
House has voted on it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of older. There has been no vote on the
question of ^consideration; and it is within the
power of the mover to withdraw it bcfoVo voted
on. That is the usage of ihe House.
