3114
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 20,
Mr. DAWES. T should be very glad to adopt
that suggestion -if I knew what was a reasonable
sum. Jf the gentleman has any knowledge of
what would be a reasonable sum I should be glad
to hear it named. The last digest was'made up
to only 183.4. Previous to that it made a vol-
ume equal to Brightley's Digest; and since that
no digest has been made.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I think$500
would pay him well.
Mr. DAWES. I think a sum not exceeding
$1,000 would be right.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is upon the
amendmentproposed by thegentleman from Ohio.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. What became of the amend-
ment to the amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. It was not received.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the amendment was agieed to.
The CHAIRMAN. That motion is not in
order.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to amend by insert-
ing, after line three hundred and three, the follow-
ing as a new paragraph:
For compensation of ejeiks and extra cleric Jwro, in ad-
dition to that already appropriated, in the office of the See-
retaiy of the Tieaj-ury, ^lOUjOUO.
Perhaps this amendment deserves some expla-
nation, as it appropriates a large sum. On the
20th of lust month the Secretary of the Treasury
wrote to the Committee of Waysand Means say-
ing that §100,000 was neccssary for this purpose;
and we inserted in tlv? legislative bill, I believe,
an appropriation of $100,000, which was then
supposed to be sufficient for the increasing busi-
ness of the next fiscal year. On Saturday last we
received another letter ft om the Secretary in winch
ho says that he requested of the Committee of
Ways and Means an appropriation of $100,000
for compensation of clcrks and extra clerk hire, m
addition to the amount previously estimated for;
that he is now com meed that that sum will not
be adequate to the requirements of the Depart-
ment under the continual and lapid increase of
business m its several branches. He states that
the several bureaus have indicated the necessity
of an addition to their presentforce, which would
require in the aggregate an expenditure of about
$1505000 during the next fiscal year.
I think wc have already appropriated $100,000
in a previous bill, and under that impression I
now offer an amendment to appiopriate $100,000
moic. If it should tuin out that we have not ap-
propriated £>100,000 I shall ask heieaftei to in-
cionso this amount.
Mr. CrANSON. I would ask thegentleman
from Pennsylvania whether there is any explana-
tion by the Department why on the 20th of May
last they thought $100,000 would be sufficient, and
on itie 3«ih of. June they find out that §150,000
more is necessary? It is a very remarkable cir-
cumstance.
Mr. STEVENS. The Secretary states that
ho has since received ieports from ail the heads
of bureaus showing that business is increasing to
such an extent that $150,000 more will be neces-
sary I think we have already appropriated
$ 100,000, and have now moved an additional sum
of SjIOOjUOO, thinking that, perhaps, may be suf-
ficient.
Mr. HALE. I would like to know under what
law this appropriation is asked. I was ruled out
of older just now in offering an amendment to
appiopriate $3,000 to pay a debt of the Agricul-
tural Department. The Agricultural Department
is established by law, us much as the Treasury
Department.
Mr. STEVENS. There is an express pro-
vision th \t any amendment necessary to carry on
the Department is in order. I am sure my friend
would not object because he was ruled out.
Mr. HALE. I merely wished to know what
the difference is. There is a difference in the
iimonnf. 1 know, but I do not know of any other
dul> rcnee.
Mr BROOKS. Is there any estimate showing
for what purpose these clerks are wanted, or in
what bureaus?
?vir .STEVENS, The letter just read states
that the Sfc'-ftarv has received reports from the
lands of all the buicans m which the aggregate
amount is <£150.000. We have put it at $100,000.
Mr. ftlALLORY. 1 do not like to see this carp-
ing at appropriations of this sort. The Secretary
of the Treasury is issuing money attherateofone
or two millions aday, and I would give him all the
additional clerks he wants. We are informed by
him that he is calling in circulation at the rate of
a quarter of a million a day, and issuing bonds,
and he wants this additional clerical force to aid
him in the calling-in process. I do not think there
ought to be any questioning or carping on this sub-
ject. I think we ought to let him have these ad-
ditional clcrksand to appropriate the money to pay
these clerks.
Mr. STEVENS called for tellers on his amend-
ment.
Tellers wcreordered;andMessrs.ganson and
Beaman were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 63, noes 29.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to insert the follow-
ing as a new parogiaph:
For payment to Little, Brown & Co., for tinee
hundiert arid mnety-flve.voluinos. of tue Statute^ at Laige,
at $3 50 per volume, delivered hv oid< r of tbe Seeietaty
of the Intel ior, dated February 21,1863, .$2,765.
Mr. WILSON. I rise to a question of order.
That is a private claim against the Government,
arid is not in pursuance of existing law.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman is mistaken.
There was a law passed expressly authorizing
the publication of these books by Little, Brown
& Co. They did publish them, and they sent
them here, and they liave never received pay,
because there was no appropriation to pay them.
I guess that if there is an honest firm in the coun-
try it is the firm of Little, Brown & Co., of Boston.
Nobody, I think, does work better than they do.
I do not think there is any printing in the United
States equal to that of the Statutes at Large.
Tbe CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order,
Mr. BLAINE. Little & Brown have not fur-
nished the kind of index which they stipulated to
furnish, and if wc have any power over them
I think we ought to exeicisc it by stopping this
appi opriation.
Mr. WILSON. I appeal from the decision of
the Chair.
Mr. WASHBURNE,of Illinois. It-is appar-
ent that the amendment is out of order.
The CHA IRM AN. The Chair dccided in ac-
cordance with the statement of the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means that there is
an existing law authorizing tins purchase.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I should like
to have that law read.
Mr. WILSON. The existence of any such
law is disputed, and for that reason this claim
ought to come in m a separate bill where it can
be considered on its merits.
The question was taken on the appeal; and the
decision of the Chair was sustained as the judg-
ment of the committee.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I should
like now to have some explanation of the amend-
ment.
Mr. MORRILL. When the contract was ori-
ginally made with Little, Brown & Co., it was for
two thousand copies of this work. At that time
the volumes were not half as huge as they are
now. I believe it will ho conceded on all hands
that there never was a work of this kind better
executed, on better paper, or more accurately
printed than this has been.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to ask the gentleman
when those books were deliveied5
Mr. MORRILL. After books were no longer
disti ibuted to members of Congress, a smaller
number was required for the purposes of the De-
paitmenf, and instead of ordeiing two thousand
copies, I behove they first ordcied sixteen hun-
dred and five copies and «ubsi>quently only th.ee
hundred and ninety-five copies. I think that was
i somt; time in 1863, and it is for those copies that
| pay is now asked. They weie sent heie under
I ordets from the Interior Dapartment.
The question was taken on Mr. Steven's's
amendment; and it was agieed to—ayes 64,noes
26.
Mr. DAWES. I now offer the following
amendment, to which i hope no gentleman will
object, for I am certain they will see the justice
of it:
Tor compensation to the clerk 01'the Committee of Elec-
tions for prcpaiinff foi publication a continuation of the di-
of clecuon cases to be expended under Use dilution
of said committee, the sum of $1,001), 01 nine h t'lee-of
in the opinio.1 of said committee sliail be neee,->;uy
therefor. -
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to inquire what is the
present compensation of the eleik of the Commit-
tee of Elections.
Mr. DAWES. He gets only his four dollars
per day during the session, the ordinary pay of
a clcik, although his duties are very arduous.
Mr.HOLMAN. Through whatseiiesof years
is it necessary to make this compilation?
Mr. DAWES. There is a digest up to 1834.
The design is to continue that down to the pres-
ent time.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will make a point of or-
der, unless an amendment to the amendment is in
order.
Mr. DAWES. I trust the gentleman wiil not
interpose an objection to this.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask to have an amend-
ment to the amendment read. If that is not in
order 1 will object
Mr. WILSON. I object to any baigains.
Mr. HALE. I rise to a point of order on the
amendmentof thegentleman from Massachusetts.
1 would like to know und«r what law that to
he appropriated. I just now offered an amend-
ment winch was ruled out of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. DAWES.* I raised no point of order on
the proposition of the gentleman horn Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Hale.]
Mi . HALE. It was raised over there in your
neighborhood. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAWES. If I were responsible for what
occurs in my neighborhood I would ha\e a dif-
ferent state of things.
Mr. HALE. A mnn is known by th~ com-
pany he keeps. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAWES. 1 appeal to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to withdraw his point of order.
Mr. HALE. The clerk in the Treasury De-
partment who makes out the estimates for appro-
priations asks for $*2.>0: and the chairman oi the
Committee of Waysand Means knows he ought
to have it.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 did not object to it.
Mr, HALE. You did not, I know.
Mr. DAWES. I submit that t lie House should
give to the Committee of Elections an oppm tri-
nity to collect the contested-election cases, so that
we may make more reasonable repot is. [L.uii;h-
tor.]
The CHAIRMAN. Theamendmentis out of
order.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the committee
rise. ■
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Hale] has withdrawn the point of
order on my amendment.
Mr. HALE. 1 withdraw the point of order.
Mr. DAWES. I now of/or my amendment:
Foi compensation to the clerk of the Committee nf elec-
tions for prepainu: for publication a oouiinuonv di<:ej f of
election cast3**, to be expanded under the oueeimn or .-.ud
committee, the -uni of or f o luuch tb- leof at the
opinion of Hip t-aid committee sdiall be ivc .*>-<uy tin lew.
Mr. SCHENCK. I propose to ainer-d the
amendment, and if my amendment is not m ol-
der, I am sure that the gentleman's [Mr. Dawes's J
is not. My amendment is to add the following:
i And foi tne compensation of the cl.'ik of the Committee
; on Alihuu-) Afl.ur^ <n the llou-c of Itcpre^eniam at t!«o
late ol ,K)0 pfi aiminn. 101 tbe Tnmy-Ef ghth CiH;2re-=j
there apptopnated ,^3,600.
Mr. W fLSON. I raise the point of order on
] the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio [Mi.
Sciienck] that it is nut in pursuance of existing
law.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of older.
Mr. SCIJENCK. Then I raise the same no hit
of order on the amendment of the geniltniati from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawks.]
The CHAIRMAN. The point of cider is too
late.
Mr. SCHENCK. I rose to a point of order
on the amendment of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, and said that if my amendment, to the
amendment was not in order th,sn the othos was
not.
'The CHAIRMAN. Did the gentleman from
Oiiio raise the point of order on^mailv?
