21&8
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
May 5,
Mr. KNAPP. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was laid on the table,
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to lay the mo-
tion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. XNCONA. I raise the point of order that
that question has been already decided in the neg-
ative.
The SPEAKER. This same motion to recon-
sider has not been decid-ed.
Mr. ANCONA. It refers to the same subject.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. SPALDING called for the yeas and nays
on the motion to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 57, nays 62; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Ames, Arnold, Augustus (J. Bald-
win, John D. Baldwin, Boutwell, Biandegee, James S.
Brown, Chanler, Clay, Cole, Oox, Henry Winter D.ivis,
Thomas T. Davis, Dawes, Doming, Dixon, Eliot, English,
Earnsworth, Finck, Ga .son,Ga  field ,Grider, Hall, Maiding,
Chailes M. II an is, Derrick, Iligby, John (I. liuhbaid, llul-
bmd, Hutehins, William Johnson, KalblloNeh, Kernan,
Le Blond, Littlejohn, McDowell, Melndoe, MeKinney,
Samuel F.Miller, Noble, Norton,Odell, John O'Neill, Per-
1mm, Pomeroy, William II. Randall, Alexander II. Rice,
James S. Rollins, Ro^s, Sehenek, Sloan, {Spalding, John
35. Steele, William B. Washburn, Whaley, Wheeler, and
Joseph W. White—57.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ancona, Ashley, Baily, Bax-
ter, Beanian, Blow, Boyd, Broomall, William G. Brown,
Dawson, Deiiison,Eidridge, Fenton, Frank, Grmnell, Hale,
Hooper. Hotchkiss, As.ihel W. Hubbard, Philip Johnson,
Kelley, Francis W. Kellogg, Orlando Keliogg, Kmc, Lazear,
Jjoaiij Long, Longyear, Murcy, McAllister, MeBiide, Mc-
CIurg,Middleton, Mooihead, Morrill, Daniel Morns, Amos
Mvep<, Leonard Myois, Charles! O'Neill, Orth, Patteivon,
Pendleton, Price, Samuel J. Randall, Edwaid II. Rollins,
Scofield, Shannon, Smith, Smithers, Wilhitm G. Steele,
Stevens, Sules, Strouse, Stuart, Upson, Webster, Wil-
liams, Wilder, Wilson, Wmdom,and Woodbridge—02.
So the motion to rcconsider was not laid on
the table.
The question recurred on the motion to rccon-
sider, on which tiie yeas and nays had been or-
dered.
Mr. SPALDING. 1 move that there be a call
of the House.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order
while the House is acting under the opeintion of
the previous question, unions upon an actual count
the House is found without a quorum.
The question was taken on the motion to rccon-
sider; and it was decided in the affirmative—yeas
67, nays 57; as follows:
YEAS— Mev<i8. Alley, Allison, Ames, Ancona, Ander-
son, Ashley, Baily, Baxter, Beanian, Blow, Boyd, Broom-
all, William G, Brown, DawMin, Dem->on, Eldndge, Pen-
ton, Frank, (Airfield, Cnnneli, Hale, Hooper, Hotehki^,
Asahei VV. Hubbard, Philip John-on, Kelloy, Francis W.
Kellogg, Orlando Kellogg, king, Lazear, Loan, Long,
Lontryear, Marcy, Maivtn, MeAllMer, MoHriite, MrCluig,
Middleton.Moorliead, Mori ill, Daniel Moiiis, Amos Mvei>,
Leonard Myers, Charles O'Neill, John O'Neill, Or)h,
Patterson, Pendleton,Pi lee, Samuel J. Randall, Edward 11.
Rollins, Seolield, Shannon, Smith, Snutheis, William G.
Steele, Stevens, Stiles, Slrouse, Stuatt, Upson, Webstei,
Williams, Wilder, Window, and Woodbudixe—b7.
NAYS—Me^r«<. Arnold, John 1) Baldwin, Boutwell,
Btandcjjce, James S. Blown, Chanler, Clay, Cole, Cox,
Hem v Winter Davis, Thomas T. Davis Dawes, Dem-
ing, Dixon, Eliot, English, Paru^woith, Finek, Ganson,
Gooeh, Glider, Hall, Harding, Higbv, John H Hubbard,
Ilulbutd, Hutehins Willuun Johnson, Kalbtleiseh, Ker-
nan, Le Blond, McDowell, Melndoe, MeKinney, Samuel
F. Miller, Noble, Norton, Odell, Perh.tm, Perry, Puinejoy,
William H. Randall, Alexander 11. Rice, John FJ. Hire,
Jnwe* S. f'olhn4*, Ros>, Schenck, Seott, Sloan, Spalding,
John B. Steele, William B. Washburn, Whaley, Wheeler,
Joseph W. White, and Wilson—ft?.
Mr. LE BLOND, i now move to leconsider
the vote by which the main question was ordered,
for the purpo.se of submitting the amendment
submitted by my colleague [Mr. Cox] in com->
mittee.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle-
man will be in order if the motion to lay the bill
on the table shall he determined in the negative.
Mr. SPALDING. I will withdraw the motion
to Lay the bill on the table, if there be no objection.
There being no objection, the motion to lay on
the table was withdrawn.
Mr. LL BLOND. I now move to rcconsider
the vote by which the main question was ordered.
Mr. ANCONA demanded tellers on the mo-
tion.
Tellers were not ordered.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to—ayes
G2, noca 511; i\rid the question recurred on order-
ing the main question.
The main question was not oi deied.
Mr. LE BLOND. I now move to amend by
submitting the following as an additional section:
That to defray the expenses incuired in raising, equip-
ping, transporting, and paying minute men, militia, and
volunteers called out and in the actual service of the Uni-
ted States, whether regularly mustered into the service
of the United States or not, in repelling rebel raids and
invasions of the States of Pennsylvania, Maryland, and the
other loyal States and Territories, the sum of $15,000,000
is hereby appropriated out of any money m the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, such expenses to be settled
upon vouchers to be filed with the proper officers of the
Treasury and passed upon by the Second Auditor.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to commit the bill
to the CommiTtee on Military Affairs. .
Mr. STEVENS. It has never been before
that committee.
Mr. SCHENCK. These claims of all the
other States were referred to that committee ex-
cept Pennsylvania, which by some means got
before the Committee of Ways and Means. I
now demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. SPALDING demanded the yeas and
nays on the motion to commit.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 54, nays 80; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. William J. Allen, Alley, Ames, Ar-
nold, Ashley, Augustus C. Baldwin, John I). Baldwin,
Boutwell, Brandegee,JamesS. Brown, Cole, Henry Winter
Davis, Dawes, Thomas T.Davis, Deming, Dixon, Eidridge,
Eliot, English, Farn^worth, Ganson, Garfield, Gooeh,
Chailes M. Harris, Ileirick, Iligby, John II. Hubbard,
Ilulburd, Ilutchms, William Johnson, Julian, Kalbfleisch,
Kasson, Orlando Kellogg, Keinan, Littlejuhn, Melndoe,
Samuel F. Miller,Daniel Morris, Noble, Norton. Odell. Per-
ham, Pomeroy, lladfoid, Alexander H. Rice, John II. Rice,
Schenek, Sloan, Spalding, John B. Steele, Ward, William
B. Washburn,and Wheeler—51.
NAYS—Messrs. Alli.-on, Ancona, Anderson, Baily, Bax-
ter, Beaman, Blow, Bojd, Broomall, William G. Brown,
Chanler, Clay, Oox,Cravens, Dawson, Denison, Eden, Fen-
ton, Finck, Prank, Giuler, Hale, Hall, Harding, Hooper,
Hotchkiss, Asahei W. Hubbard, Philip Johnson, Kclley,
Francis W. Kellogg, King, Lazear, Loan,Long, Longyear,
Marry, Marvin, Mr All i^ter, McBride, McCIurg, McDowell,
MeKinney, Mtddieton, Mooi head, Morrill, James It. Morris,
Momson, Anion Myers, Leonatd Myeis, Charles O'Neill,
John O'Neill, Ortli, P.uieison, Pendleton, Price, Samuel
J. Randall, Ilobmvon, Edwaid H. lloihn-^JamesS. Rollins,
lloss, Scolieid, Seott, Shannon, Smith, Smithes, William
G. Steele, Stevens, Stiles, Stro'use. Stuart, Upson, Web-
stei, Whaley, Jo-eph W. White, Williams, Wilder, Wil-
son, Windorn, Woodbridge, and Yeaman—80.
So the bill was not referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
The question then recurred on the amendments
of the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, and they were concurred in.
The question recurring on Mr. Le Blond's
amendment, the House divided, and there were
—ayes seventy-six, noes not counted.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COX moved to reconsider the vote by which
the amendment was adopted; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
(able.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The question then recurred on ordering the bill
to be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. MORRILL. Does this bill appropriate
§15,000,000? And is it in oidcr for me, Mr. Speak-
er, to move that its further consideration shall be
postponed until the first Monday of December
next?
The SPEAKER.. That motion is not now in
order.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Is it in order to
move that the bill be laid upon the (able?
• The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. MORRILL. Then I make that motion.
The House divided; and there were—ayes 52,
noes 76.
Mr. MORRILL demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were oidered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 59, nays 78; as follows:
YEAS—Mossis. Alley. Allison, Ames. Arnold, Ashley, Au-
gustus ('. Baldwin, John I). Baldwin, Beaman, Boutwoll,
Biandejjrre, James S. Brown, Cole, Hcnrv Winter Davis,
Thomas /P. Davis, Dawes, Deimna, Dixon, Eiiot, Farus-
woith, Fen ton, Gun*-on, Gartlold, Gooeh. Ginni'li, Jleirick,
Jiighy, Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard, John U. Hulibaid,
Huiburd, William Johnson, Julian, KalliflcHeh, Ka^on,
Orlando KrUn^, Kernan, Liulejohn, Marvin, Melndoe,
Samuel I< Millet, Morjili, Daniel Mohh, Norton, Odell,
Oriii, Patterson, IVrhmn, Pomeroy, Radford, Alexander II.
Rice, John II. Riee, Sehenc k, Shannon, Sloan, Snuihers,
Spalding, John £. Steele, William B. Washburn, and Wil-
son- -50.
NAYS--Mch i>. William J Ali-n. Aneona, Andci&on.
Baily,Baxter, Jacob B. Blair", Blow", Boyd, Bioomail, Wil-
liam G. Brown, Chanler, Clay, Cox, Cravens, Dawson,
Denison, Eidridge, English, Finck, Frank, Grider, Hale,
Hall, Harding, Benjamin G. Harris, Cbailes M. Harris,
Hooper, Hutehins, Philip Johnson, Kelley, Francis W.
Kellogg, King, Knapp, Lazear, Le Blond, Loan, Long,
Longyear, Marcy, McAllister, McBride, McCIurg, McDow-
ell, MeKinney, Middieton, Moorhead, James It. Morris,
Morrison, Amos Myers, Leonard Myers, Noble, Charles
O'Neill, John O'Neill, Pendleton, Perry, Price, Samuel J.
Randall, William II. Randall, Robinson, JamesS. Rollins,
Ross, Scofield, Scott, Smith, William G. Steele, Stevens,
Stiles, Strouse, Stuart, (Jpson, Webster, Wlialey, Joseph
W. White, Williams, Wilder, Windom, Woodbridge, and
Yeaman—78.
So the House refused to lay the bill upon the
table.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was ac-
cordingly read the third time.
Mr. STEVENS demanded the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
Mr. MORRILL. If the previous question be
not seconded, will it not be m order to move that
the further consideration of the bill be postponed
until the next session of Congress?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. MORRILL. Then I hope that it will not
be seconded.
The House divided; and there were—ayes 67,
noes 50.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered.
Mr. MORRILL demanded the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill. ,
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 71, nays 63; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. William J. Allen, Ancona, Anderson,
Bailv, Baxter, Jacob B. Blair, Blow, Bowl, Broomall, Wil-
liam G. Brown, Chanler, Clay, Cox, Dawson, Denison,
Eden,Eidridge, Finck,Grider, Hale, Hall, Harding, Charles
M. Hart is, Hooper, Hutehins, Philip Johnson, Kelley, Fran-
cis W. Kellogg, King, Knapp, Lazear, Le Blond, Loan,
Long, Marcy, McAllister, McCIurg, McDowell, MeKin-
ney, Middleton, Mooihead, James R. Morris, Morrison,
Amos Mycis, Leonard Myers, Noble, Charles O'Neill, John
O'Neill, Pendleton, Peny, Price, Samuel J. Randall, Wil-
liam II. Randall, Robinson, James S. Rollins, Ross, Sco-
lieid, Scott, Smith, William G Steele, Stevens, Stiles,
Strouse, Stuart, Webster, Whaley, Joseph W. White,
Williams, Wilder, Wmdom,and Yeaman—71.
NAYS—Me.-sr.-*. Alley, Allison, Ames, Arnold, Ashley,
Aticustus C. Baldwin, John 1). Baldwin, Beaman, Bout-
well, Brandegee, James S. Brown, Cole, Henry Winter
Davis, Thomas T. Davis, Dawes, Deming, Dixon, Eliot,
Fenton, Prank, Ganson, Garfield,Gooeh,Grmnell, Hernck,
Ilieby, Hotchkiss, John II. Hubbard, Huiburd, William
Johnson, Julian, Kalbfleisch, Kasson, Orlando Kellogg,
Kernan, Littlejohn, Longyear, Marvin, McBride, Melndoe,
Samuel F. Miller, Morrill, Daniel Morns, Norton, Odell,
Otth, Pet ham, Pomeioy, Radford, Alexander H. Rice, John
II. Rice, Edward H. Rollins, Schenck, Shannon, Sloan,
Smitlu'f, Spaldincr, John B. Steele, Upson, Ward, William
B. Washburn, Wilson, and Woodbridge—63.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EVENING SESSIONS.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that evening ses-
sions of the House be dispensed with until other-
wise ordered, and that the House adjourn at such
hour as it shall see fit.
Mr. COX. I hope that will be done.
Mr. WILSON. I hope that the evening ses-
sions will be continuedforbusinessuntilthecom-
mittees have been gone through with.
Mr. MORRILL. We will find it impossible
to getaquorum to do business,and I understand
no one desires to speak.
Mr. WILSON. Many of the committees have
not been called for a long time, and they have
business prepared which they desire to report to
the House.
The SPEAKER. rPhe Chair would state that
the only way in which that object can be attained
is to have evening sessions for business, as there
are now several reports pending in the morning
hour which must be disposed of before other com-
mittees can be called.
Mr. WILSON, Then I hope we shall have
evening sessions for business.
Mr. COX. I hope the House will dispense
with the evening sessions unless there is some
long debate "on hand. We arc laboring much
harder than any preceding Congress has done,
and I see no necessity for taxing the members of
the House to the extent we are doing now. Mot
only are our labors here severe, but we have much
