1£0
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 6,
to make all laws necessary and proper to carry
out, and into full execution, these war powers of
the Government, including the well-established
BELLIGERENT RIGHT OF EMANCIPATING SLAVES.
If slavery is the corner-stone of the rebellion, can
not that corner-stone be constitutionally knocked
oat? If slavery is the cause of the war, giving
strength to our enemies; if it feeds and clothes
their armi.es, and keeps them in the field, and en-
ables them to "keep up their power; and if the
President, or Congress, or both acting together,
by freeing them, can deprive the rebels of this
power, and bring their freed slaves to our side, and
thus provide for the common defense, and thus
restore the Union and a republican government to
the loyal men of the rebel States, is not the right
to db this clear and indisputable ? If wu have not
this* right, then is the Government without the
means of self-preservation.
The Constitution provides that "the United
States shall guaranty to every State in this Union
a republican form of government." Congress has
the power to do everything necessary to make
good that guarantee. If the emancipation of slaves
m the rebel States will tend to the establishment
of a republican form of government in the States
in rebellion, who can deny the power to emanci-
pate? Thegovernment, so called, existing defacto,
in the States in icbellion, is in antagonism to the
republican government the Constitution requires
the nation to guaranty, it is the right and the
duty of the Government to destroy that usurped
and rebellious ic facto government, and establish
a republican government m its place. In accom-
plishing this, if slavery stands m the way, may
it not be removed out ot the way? Congress, un-
der this constitutional provision, has the power,
and it is its duty, to make war upon the anti-
icpublican government now usui ping power in the
rebel States. It has all the power to make that
war effective. Has the Government the light to
make war, without the light to use the means to
make the war effective? Can the Government de-
clare war, and is this a mere barren light, a bru-
tum fulmcn '• No, this Government, hating the
right to carry on the war, possesses all the p owe is
known to civilized nations to make war effective,
and among these powers is the right to emanci-
pate slaves,
I ask gentlemen this question. J eft'. Davis has
made war upon our count) y, attempted to set up
upon our soil a rebellious government, attacked our
capital, and now holds a portion of these States
under a despotic tyranny. In making warupon
him to subdue him, to reestablish our authority,
and fulfill the guarantee of a republican form of
government, can our Government do all that one
nation can do when at war with another under
the rules of war? Surely this will not be denied.
Tins brings us to the inquiry whether the eman-
cipation of the slaves of the enemy is or is not a
recognized mode of carrying on modern warfare.
Let ns see. The end we are seeking to accom-
plish is to crush the rebellion. The abolition of
slavery tends directly to the accomplishment of
that end, and as effectually as to subdue the rebel
armies m the field. Wit hout their slaves the rebel
armies could not long exist. Emancipation not!
only deprives the rebels of the means of supporting ,
their aunies, but it is the most efficient means of '
bunging the foice and power of foui millions of
people to our side.
.Now, the end wo are seeking, to wit, the de-
struction of the rebel power, being legitimate, and
" within the scope of the Constitution," to use
the language of Chief Justice Marshall, all means
which are appropriate and plainly adapted to the
end, and which aienot prohibited by the Consti-
tution, are lawful. (4 VVheaton's Iiep., 421.) I
assert, without fear of contradiction, that the eman-
cipation of the slaves of anenemy is a well-recog-
nized belligerent right, and would not be ques-
tioned by any well-informed peison if we were at
war with Spain. Brazil, or any other nation hold-
ing slaves. Has not our Government the same
belligerent rights against the infamous traitor |
Davis as it would have against a recognized
nation? Are the rebels less public enemies be- '
cause they are traitors also? Can we do that ;
to a public enemy which we cannot do to a public !
enemy and a traitor ? In the case of the Hiawatha,
it has been diMitictly decided by the Supreme '
Com t that the United States have all the belhg- .
crent rights against the iebcls. If, then, the ^
emancipation of slaves is a belligerent right, that
right exists in the Government; it may be exer-
cised by the President, as it has been by the proc-
lamation of emancipation. It exists in Congress,
to be exercised, if expedient, by emancipating
slaves and prohibiting slavery in all the territory
in rebellion. The right to emancipate slaves has
been so generally recognized as abelligerentright
that it will scarcely be questioned. This power
was exercised by Great Britain in the revolution-
ary war, and in the war of 1812; and the right to
exercise it was admitted by General Washington
and Mr. Jefferson, and not controverted by any.
Mr. Jefferson says Virginia lost thirty thou-
sand slaves under Cornwallis, and if the slaves
had been taken "to give them freedom it would
have been right."
The statement and argument of John Gtuincy
Adams on this subject has never been successfully
answered:
" I lay this down as the law of nations 1 say that mili-
tary authority takes, for the time, the place of all munici-
pal institutions, and slavery amox« the rlst; and that,
under that state of things, so tar fiom it^ bemg true that tlx;
State-? where slavery exists have the exclusive management
of the subject, not only the President of the United Slat c$, but
the Commander of the Jlrtny, ixas p'owlii to order Tin*
UNIVERSAL EMANCIPATION OT THE SLAVES.*' * * * *
"From the instani that theslavehohiin" States become the
theater of a war, titil, servile, or foreign, fiom that instant
the war powers of CoHgmi extent! to interference with ihe
institution of slavery, in n ery way in which it can be inter
fered u'itA, ft om uchum of indemnity for slaves taken ordc-
'stiojed, to the cession ot States burdened with shivery to
a foreign Power." * ^ Itis.i war power. tway it
is a war power; and when your country i^ actually in war,
whether it be a war ot invasion or a will of msui icction,
Confess ha-- power to eatij- on the war, and must cany it
on, according to the hues of war; and by the laws of war an
invaded country has all its laws and municipal institutions
swept by the board, and maitial power takes the place oj
than. When two hostile armies mo set in martial mi ay,
the cominander'> of both armies have power to emancipate
all the slaves in the invaded temtoij
The great error in the public mind on this sub-
ject arises from applying the provisions designed
to protect citizens in times of peace to traitors in
time of war.
The provision that no person shall be deprived
of life without due process of law does not make
it illegal or unconstitutional to kill rebels on the
field of battle. Neither do the provisions in re-
gard to the secuuty of property, or claim to ser-
vice, make it unconstitutional, under the war
power, to deprive icbcls of their slaves. A claim
to service for ycais, as an apprentice, is discharged
by the apprentice's entering the Aimy. Congress
maydischaige fiom this service in order to laise
troops. Congress may emancipate all slaves to
raise troops. If it can discharge a claim to ser-
vice for years under the war power, can it not dis-
charge a claim for service for life? If the nation
is entitled to the military service of all able-bodied
men, including appiuntices held to seivice for
years, is it not entitled to the service of all black
or white men held for life?
Can Congress, by law, discharge one and not
the other?
As against the right to military service, is the
claim of the master to the service of a slave better
or more sacred than that of a master to the service
of an apprentice, or of a father to the service of
his child? The Government can take my son and
your apprentice; can it not take your slave? In
case of a foreign war, could not the Government
conscript eveiy able-bodied slave? Can it, not do
the same in a domestic war against traitors ? Then
it seems clear to4 demonstration that the Govern-
ment may emancipate slaves.
The power, then, being clear, in the name of
liberty and of justice and humanity, let it be exer-
cised. Proclaim " liberty throughout the land to
all the inhabitants thereof."
Let us build upon this rock, and the gates of
hell shall not prevail against us.
I cannot close without offering my tribute of
homage to that great man who has given to the
institution of slavery the hardest blows it has ever
received. Let Abraham Lincoln finish the great
work he has begun.
The great objects of his life are to crush the
rebellion and eiadicate slavery. His ambition is
to jive on the page of history as the restorer of
the Union, the emancipator ol his country. For
these gi eat ends he has labored and (oiled through
difficulties and obstacles fully known only to him-
self and to God.
The year tlmt has just closed will Hvo as the
year of the proclamation of emancipation. This
act the President declared was sincerely believed
to be an act of justice, warranted by the Consti-
tution upon military necessity; and he invoked
for it the considerate judgment of mankind and
the gracious favor of Almighty God. It will mark
an era in modern civilization as clearly as the
Declaration of Independence, or the acquisition
of Magna Charta. By history it will be regarded
as agreatactof humanity and justice. Asa mat-
ter of State policy, its wisdom has already been
vindicated. This proclamation, by presenting our
national struggle as a clearly-defined contest be-
tween liberty and slavery, changed the attitude of
Europe toward us. Under its influence and the
victories achieved under its auspices, all fear of
foreign intervention has disappeared. Since the
day of its issue no more Floridas have sailed from
British waters. England's broad arrow arrests
the rebel rams being fitted out in her harbors.
Louis Napoleon, following the example of Great
Britain, arrests the rebel gunboats in the waters
of France. Lord Lyons now rises with alacrity
to warn Mr. Seward of a rebel plot in Canada.
With liberty and union thus written by the
President's own hand upon our national banner,
we have had Gettysburg, Poit Hudson, Vtcks-
burg, Knoxvilie, and Chattanooga.
it has been the fortune of the President to have
his leading measures, however severely censured
at'the time of their adoption, always approved
within a twelvemonth after their execution. The
emancipation proclamation and employment of
J! negroes as soldiers arc striking examples. Let
those who deny his statesmanship, or who ques-
tion his sagacity, note this fact. His magna-
nimity has no parallel. He has borne ccnsure
and denunciation for acts for which others were
responsible, with a generosity which has extort-
ed from his rivals the declaration, "Of all men,
Mr. Lincoln is the most unselfish." The great
fault of his admimstiation, the too tardy removal
of incompetent men, has arisen from a scrupulous
caie to be just.
I ask the ardent and impatient friends of free-
dom to put implicit faith m Abraham Lincoln.
Remember he lives for the restoration of the Union
and the abolition of slavery. If you deem him
slow, or if you think he has made mistakes, re-
member how often time has vindicated his wis-
dom.
One of the most striking and gratifying vindi-
cations of the policy and character of President
Lincoln is to be found in ihe ioply of Gasparin
and his associates to the letter of the National
League of New York.
These distinguished statesmen and scholars,
calm and truthful observers, in theirletterexhibit
by contrast the injustice which has been done the
President by some of the zealous abolitionists of
America. They say:
k<We, gentlemen, are abolitionist*; and wc dcclarcthat
we have never hoped nor w i?hed for a more s-te.ulv, lapid,
and le-ohne piogie.-^. We have understood the difficulties
which sunoumfed Mr. Lincoln. We have honored ins
-•ciuplcs of eonsou'uee with regard to the Constitution of
his country which stopped his path. We have admired
the courageous good sei^e with which he moved stiaight
on, the instant he eon Id so do without danger to his cause
oi violation of the law."
At the same time they say, with a perfect con-
viction, that the destruction of slavery is the sal-
vation of our country:
{k We hold it to bo of the fiis-t importance that the cau«e
of the war -duill not sumve the wai ; that >our leal en-
emy, slavery, shall not remain upon the field."
The masses of the people everywhere trust and
love him. They know his hands are clean and
his breast is pure. The people know that the
devil has no bribe big enough, no temptation of
gold, or place, or power, which can seduce the
honest hec-ut of Abraham Lincoln. They know
that while he is President there is no danger of a
coup d'etat. Letlum exercise whatever extraor-
dinary powers the public safety nmy requite, the
people instinctively feel that their liberties and
laws are safe in his hands. They sleep soundly,
with no disturbing apprehensions, while he holds
the reins. Impetuous, eager, impatient men call
him slow, over-cautious,wanting in energy. Re-
member the times in which we live; remember
the danger of reckless energy, of unscrupulous
will and passion.
You have a Chief Magistrate of clean hands
and pure heart; sagacious, firm, upright, and
