L864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL M
Mr. SCHENCK. Yps, and stated it.
The CHAIRMAN. Then the Chair will de-
cide that the point of order is well taken.
Mr. HALE. I now renew the amendment
which I offered before:
For the payment of the contributors* to the agricultural
report for 1861, the sum of ,<£3.383 2(5.
Mr. WILSON. I ask the Chair whether this
amendment has not been ruled out of order al-
ready.
The CHAIRMAN. It has been.
Mr. HALE. Will the gentleman allow a letter
from the Commissioner of Agriculture to be read,
showing that this was necessary to carry on the
Agricultural Depaitment?
Mr. ASHL EY. If the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania will vouch for the letter being in the
handwriting of the Commissioner, I shall be in
favor of its being read. [Laughter.]
Mr. STEVENS. The amendment has been
ruled out of order. I move that the committee
rise and report the bill to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Pike reported that the
Committee of the Wholeon thestate of the Union
had, according to Order,had the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly bill of the
House No. 527, making appropriations for sun-
dry civil expenses of the Government for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1SG5, and had instructed
him to report the same to the House with sundry
amendments and with the recommendation that
the bill do pass.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. STEELE, of New York. I rise to a privi-
leged question. I move to reconsider the vote by
which to-morrow night was assigned for the con-
sideration of the Pacific railroad bill.
The SPEAKER. The motion will be entered.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask whether
that motion is in order. 1 understood the whole
of the evening session of to-morrow was by unani-
mous consent set, apart for the consideration of
thai bill.
Mr. STEELE, of New York. That is all true;
but I, as a part of that unanimous consent, have
the right to move to reconsidcr, which I do.
The SPEAKER. The motion is in order.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL AGAIN.
Mr. STEVENS. I call for the previous ques-
tion on the bill.
Mr. DAWES. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw his demand for the previous question to
enable me to submit an amendment.
Mr.STEVENS. I will withdrawthe demand
and allow the gentleman's amendment to be re-
port! d.
Mr. DAWES. I submit the following:
For compensation to ttie oleik of the Committee of Elec- \
tton^ (oi piep.u uig Ioi publication a continuation oi the di i
por-t of flection ea-c-, to be expended undei the diiection ]
of sud committee, the sum of $1,000, or so much theieof 1
a* in me opinion of r-aul committee shall be necessiiy '
theiefoi. j
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amend the amend- |
ment by adding as follows: i
And for compensation of the clcik of the Committee on !
Military Allans of the House of RepiesenfUives. at the ;
late of i$l,8O0 pei annum, for the Thnty-Eightli Cougies-, \
thine is appropriated $3,600. J
Mr. WILSON. I rise to a point of order, and j
submit that the amendment to the amendment is |
not in order. i
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the j
point of order on the ground that it is a contin-
gency for carrying on an existing branch of the
Government. The rule says that "no appro-
priation shall be reported in such general appro-
priation bills or be m order as an amendment there-
to for any expenditure not previously authorized
by law, unless in continuation of appropriations
for such public works and objects as are already
in progiess, and fur the contingencies for carry-
ing on the several departments of the Govern-
ment." In the opinion of the Chair the Con-
gress of the United States is the legislative de-
partment of the Government, and however im-
proper the amendment may be in the opinion of
gentlemen, the Chair does not think it can be
ruled out on a question of order.
Mr. WASHBURNS, of Illinois. I shall then
raise a question of order on both propositions*.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
question of order.
Mr. HALE. I propose to amend the amend-
ment.
The SPEAKER. An amendment and an amend-
ment to the amendment are pefiding, and no fur-
ther propositions to amend are in order.
. Mr. MALLORY. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] however, may with-
draw Ins demand for the previous question until
the vote has been taken on the pending amend-
ments, and then the amendment o-f thegentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Half.] will be in order.
Mr. STEVENS. I am afraid we should get
matters mixed up. I think I had better insist on
my demand for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered to be put.
- On motion of Mr. MALLORY, by unanimous
consent, the amendments icported fiom the Com-
mittee of the Whole were read over, and such as
no separate vote was asked on were considered as
adopted
Mr. ELDRIDGE demanded a separate vote
upon the following amendment:
Inscitas followsr
Foi rcpans, reliti'm?, and furnishing the President's sum-
mer icsidcncc at the bid fc>oldiei&J Home during the sickly
sea.-on, £3,000.
Mr. STILES demanded the yeas and nays upon
the adoption of the amendment:
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment was adopted—ayes 58, noes
35.
Mr NELSON. Would it be in order to offer
an amendment changing the cow pasture in front
of the President's House to some other place ?
[Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The amendment would
hatdly be in oid<r at the present time.
Mr. PRICE. I desire to know if it would be
in order to demand a separate vote upon any par-
agraph of the bill.
The SPEAKER. Notunless itwas amended
in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. WALLACE, of Idaho, called for a sepa-
rate vole on the amendment reducing the appro-
priation fi otn $15,000 to <>10,000 forsuiveying the
public lands m the Tei i itoi y of Iduho.
Tin: amendment was dmagioed to.
Mr. STEVENS called for a separate vote on
| the following amendment:
Pago 10, line two hundred and sixty-six, strike out as
follow*: *
l-'or the eon.-tiuet;on of vaults, as an additional security
to the public mud* in tinfUmted States dopo&ituues,$30,009.
The amendment was disagiecd to.
The Clerk read, as follows:
An# be it farther enacted* That the compcns-ation of the
cleik to the Conmiiiteeof Ways and Means *hall be $-2,lf5()
pet annum, to commence with the pteseut Congress and
i ueh Mini a- may be fouml necessary to pay the same bo,
and is hereby, appropi nited.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I offend
an amendment to that, that it should commence
and end with the present Congress, which the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Pendleton] accepted.
Air. NELSON. But iie afterwards withdrew
hia acceptance.
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposed that
the gentleman from Ohio had accepted it, but he
stated to the Chair that he did not do so.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It was on
the ground of his acceptance of my amendment
that ! consented to waive my point of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will ask the
chaiiman of the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, the gentleman from Maine,
[Mr. Pike,] what his recollection is of the mat-
ter.
Mr. PIKE. My recollection is the same as
that of the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. NELSON. I heard the gentleman from
Ohio withdraw his acceptance when objection
was made.
Mr. STEVENS. Is not the House controlled
by the leenrd?
The SPEAKER. It is; and the record is as it
has been read by the Clerk.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I insist that
the fact is as I have stated it.
The SPEAKER. There seems to be abund-
ant proof on both sides. The gentleman from
Ohio, who is absent with a committee of confer-
eilOc, has Oecil fcjelit for. " *
Mr.WASHBURNE, of IllitW' 'The
man from Ohio is now in' {he''Hal?,* and "1 a"sk
what is his understanding of the matter.
Mr.PENDLETON, Thegentleman objected
unless it should be limited to the present Con-
gress. I then accepted or agreed to accept I be
suggestion of the gentleman from Illinois. At'a
subsequent period in the discussion,; when the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] of-
fered his amendment, the question of ordeiYw'iU
raised as to his amendment, and t stated that I
accepted it. The question of order was insisted
on, and. afterwards was withdrawn. At all
events the Chair put the question whether Tafc-
cepted the modification or not, and I stated" that
I desired it to come in without modification un-
less the question of order was made. The Chair
stated that the question of order was not made,
and therefore I did not accept it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will state
how I understand the matter, and the chairman
of the Commit tee of the Whole on (he state of the
Union will bear me out. The gentleman from
Ohio proposed this amendment, which was out
of order, and which I objected to; but I stated
that I would waive that objection, provided he
would accept my amendment; and he did accept
it. I knew nothing of his withdrawal of that ac-
ceptance, and he had no right to withdraw it.
Mr. STEVENS. I stand by the record. -
The SPEAKER. The repot ters corroborate
thcCleiks.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Ifthis thing
is to be thrust upon us in this w ay, I hope that it
will be ail voted down. I demand the yeas and
navs on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 78, nays 40, riot voting 64;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs William J. Allen, Allison. Aneona. Ash-
ley, Au^tjbtu-jC. Baldwin, Baxtei, Beaniim, Bhr.v, Biook-,
James S. Brown, Asnbio^e W. Chnk, C'dlioth, Cole. <"t.s-
veti?, Dawson, Din:gs, Eden, Edjferton, I'JIdridge. .Clint,
English, Gannon. Gai field; Cinder, Hide, [lemek, Hooker,
A-ah<jl W. [lublMid, IJ iilhui d, lit^-r-oli, Plulip John-on,
ICalbrlea.-eh. Kflley, Fianeu- W. ivel!o jr. Knanp. Km
Lone}eai, Malloiy, I\Iare\, Maivm, IVJcSndc, Medn.!:,
lYIeivuiuey. Middleum. William 11. .Wdl< i, Moot h< rid. Moi-
nll, James it Mom.-. Moiiif.on, Nelson, Noble, Ddeli,
Cliailes O'Neill, Pendleton, Pinyn, Badioid, Snniu. i-J.
Randall, Alexander 11. Kiee. John II. Bice, It' h.n-oa,
Jainet. S. KoHiUisRos-s. Seolt. J«>!m IJ. Steele, W.ih itu G.
Steele, Steven-, Stiles, Snou-e, Stuait, S>ve;>t, Wi-d-w m th,
Waul, Wiiaiev, Wiieeiei, Chilton A. While, Williams,
Wiidei. and Wnulom—78.
NAYS—Ame-, Tohn I). Baldwin. Blan. Boyd,
William G. Bmwn, I1 leenian Claike, (Job!), Oie-weil, Dix-
on. IVkley, Faiuswoith, Fmck, i-'iank, Binding, llamne-
ton, (Jhai less M. Haul*, Lliqby, IJolman, John IL flnbbaul,
Julian, Loan, Me Bo well, Daniel Mollis, Noi ton, Oilb, Pei-
ham, Pike, Pomeioy, Puee, Ldwatu II. tfolhns, Seofiold,
Sloan, Srniihei-, Tnoma*. Tiaey, CT| -tm. Eh'm B. Wa&h-
bume, VYiljiam B Washburn, Joseph \V. IVmte. and Wil-
son—-'.0.
NOT VOTING— Me-'^rs Jamr-* C Atlon, Alley, Andei-
son, Auioid, Bailv. Blame, BU--, Boutweii, Ciaiuk'gec,
BrootnaliX'h.nilcn Clav, Cox, liemy Winter Diivi^Tliomas
T. l)avi>, Dawes, Deinimr, Dernson, Donnelly, Dumont,
I^eulon, Gooch, Gnnnell, Gri-wold, Hall, Oerijannn G. Ilai-
ritf, Hotuhlii-s, Hutching Jenekes, William Johnson,Kie?-
son. Oilando Kcliogc, Ketnnn, King, Bavv, Lazenr, J4e
Blond, ]jit!|ejohn, Lons, McAlli-ter, McFmioe, Samuel F.
.M«i!er, Ain<>- Leonard Mvc^. John O'Neill, i'ntter-
bon. Peny, William H. Uandall, Rogers, Seheuok. Shan-
non', Smith, Sjxildim;, Stair, Stebbiiis. Thayer, Van Valk-
enbmgii, Vooiliees, Webster, VVmfieid, Benjamin Wood,
Fcinando Wood, Woodlmdsje, and Yeanum—G4.
So the amendment was concurred in.
During the roll-call,
Mr. HIGBY stated that Mr. Shannon was de-
tamed at home by sickness, and that Mr. Kel-
logg of New Yoik v -as suddenly called away
to attend a wounded son at Fortress Monroe.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a thud time; and being engrossed, it was
aceoidmdy read the third time, and passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FllOM TIIE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
their Secretary, informed the House that the Sen-
ate have disagreed to the amendments of the
House to the bill of the Senate (No. 54) to incor-
porate the Metiopolitan Railroad Company in the
District of Columbia, ask a committee of confer-
ence on the disagreeing- votes of the two Houses
tin loan, and have appointed Mr. Momiill, Air.
