3116
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 21,
Willey, and Mr. Wade as such committee of
conference on their part.
WAYS AND MEANS. ~
Mr. HOOPER, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported back a bill to pro vide ways
and means for the support of the Government,
and for other purposes.
Mr. WASHEURNE, of Illinois, moved that
the House adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to'.
Mr. HOOPER. I move that the bill be printed,
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and postponed until Wednes-
day next.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand
the reading of the bill.
The bill was read.
Mr. HOOPER. I move the previous question
upon my motion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to bo Puf*> nnd under the
operation thereof the bill was referred to the
Committee Of the Whole on the state of the Union,
ordered to be printed, and itsconsideration post-
poned until Wednesday next.
N 0 RTII13 A ST EllN BOUNDARY.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I ask unanimous con-
sent to report from the select committee a bill for
the defense of the northeastern boundary.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object.
Mr. RICE, of Maine, i move to suspend the
rules.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the House ad-
journ.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is it in order to ask for the
reading of the bill?
The SPEAKER. Itisnotuntil after the rules
arc suspended.
Mr. IJOLMAN. The only objection I have
is that the chaiacterof this bill is not understood.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. My object is to have
the bill printed and recommitted. I do notexpect
action on u tins session, but desire to have it
printed that members may be enabled to exam-
ine it.
The rules were suspended, the bill introduced,
read a first and second time, recommitted to the
select committee, and, with the accompanying re
port, ordered !o be printed.
Mr. RICE, of Maine, moved to reconsider the
vote last taken; and also moved to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
And then,on motion of Mr. WASHHURNE,
of Illinois, (at twenty minutes to ten o'clock, p.
m.j) the House adjourned.
. IN SENATE.
Tuesday, June 21, 1864.
Prayerby Rev. B. II. Nadal, of Washington,
District of Columbia.
On motion of Mr. GRIMES, and by unani-
mous consent, the reading of the Journal of yes-
teiday was dispensed with.
EXKCUTIVB COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore la ill bp fore the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Treasuty,
communicating, in compliance with a resolution
of the Senate of the 20ih of May, a statement
showing the full amount of the public debt of the
United Stales up to the J4th instant; which was
oideiedto lie on the table, and be printed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SHERMAN piesemed the memorial of
Allied Jones, of Missouri, praying for an appro-
priation to test ins invention of a submarine bat-
tery for defending the hai bors of tin; country and
for rendering moie efficient the blockade of the
southern porta; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. MORGAN presented a petition of citizens
of Wayne county, N< w York, praying for the
passage of the bill (H. It. No. 270) to secure to
persons in the military or naval seiviee of the
United States homeMiuds on confiscated and for-
feited estates in in-'unvefiorkii y di^tnots; winch
was leicncd to the Committee on Public Lands.
lie also presented a petition of Simeon Diaper
and other citizens of i\cw York, praying that a
vote of thanks of Congress may be tendered to
Commodore W. D. Porter and the officers and
crew of the United S'ates gunboat Essex for their
gallantry displayed in the destVuction of the rebel
ram Arkansas on the 6 h of August, 1862, and
that a bounty may be granted the officers and
crew; which was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. COLLAMER presented nine petitions of
cihzensofVei mont, praying for the passage of the
bill (H. R. No. 276) to secure to persons in the
military or naval service of the United States
homesteads on confiscated or forfeited estates in
insurrectionary districts; which were referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, presented a letter of
William M. Fishback, claiming a seat as Sena-
tor frqm Atkansas, addressed to him, giving a
detailed account of his conduct dming the pres-
ent rebellion, and in defense of himself against
charges of disloyalty; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and oidered to be
printed.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented a letter of the
Secretary of the Treasui y addressed tothechaii-
man of the Committee on Finance, communica-
ting; a copy of a reportof the Li^ht-House Board
in relation to improvements required in the aids
to navigation in maiking dangeis in tiie ap-
proaches to the harbor ofPoitland, Maine, and
i eeommending an appropriation for that purpose;
which was refened to the Committee on Com-
merce.
He also presented a petition of men and women
of Maine, praying for the abolition of slavery,
and such an amendment of the Constitution as
will forever prohibit its existence in any portion
of the Union; which was refened to the select
committee on slavery and freedmen.
REPORTS I'll051 COMMITTEES.
Mr. GRIMES, from the Committee on the
Distiiot of Columbia, to whom was ie*Vrred the
bill (H.R.No. 434) to authorize the baihli of the
oiphans' court in the county of Washington, and
Distuct of Columbia, to serve processes issued
by said court and for other purposes, reported it
without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the l>ill (II. R. No. 255) granting cer-
tain pi ivileges to the Guai dian Society of the Dis-
trict of Columbia, reported it with amendments.
Mr. POMLiROY, ftom the Committeeon Pub-
bc Lmds, to whom was rweired the bill (H. R.
No. 27G) to secure to persons in the mihtaiy or
naval service of the United States homesteads on
confiscated or forfeited estates in insurrectionary
distncts, renorted it without, amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, from the Committee on the
Dtstnct of Columbia, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 522) to amend the charter of the
Washington and Georgetown Railroad Com-
pany, repotted it with amendments.
Mr, HALE, from the Committee on Naval
AtTcins, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
470) to authorize assimilated lank to be given to
the warrant officers of the United States Navy,
and for other pin poses, repot ted it with an amend-
ment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (EI. li. No. 95)
authorizing the Secretary of the Navy to amend
the contract with John Ericsson for the construc-
tion of the two impregnable floating batteries,
the Dictator and the Puritan, reported it without
amendment.
Air. WILSON, fiom the Committee on Mili-
tm y Allans and tin. Militia, asked to be dns-
ehaigtd ficm the further consideiation of the fol-
lowing subjects, which was agiced to, namely:
A bill (S.No. 5) to amend the act entitled " An
act fiTcnrolhngand cafhngou? the national forces,
and for other purposes," approved Mai eh 3, 1603;
A bill (S. No. 6) to mciease the pay of the lank
and file of the Aimy;
A joint icsolution (S. No. 10) for the relief of
the officers and soldiers of the United States now
held captive in the rebel pusona at Richmond ai'd
\ iciiuty;
A joint resolution (S. No. 48) concerning ap-
pointments in the military service;
A joint lesolution (S. No. 49)-to provide ad-
ditional ground for a cemetery af the Soldiers5
llonty;
A joint resolution (S. No, 56) to authorize the
President to call out men by draft for one year;
A resolution of the Senate instructing (he com-
mittee to inquire into the expediency of making
an appropriation for bridging the stream on the
military road between Fort Leavenworth and
Fort Scott in Kansas, and between Fort Scott and
Fort Smith in Arkansas;
A resolution of the Senate instructing thecom-
mittee to inquire into the expediency of making
an appropriation for erecting a bridge across the
Republican Fork of the Kansas river between
Fort Riley and Junction City;
Sundry petitions of paymasters of the United
States Army, praying for an increase of the com-
pensation of their clerks;
Sundry memorials and petitions, praying for
an increase of the pay of soldiers and sailors of
the Army and Navy of the United States;
Sundry petitions of hospital stewards, praying
for an increase of their rank and pay; and
Sundry memorials and petitions, praying that
colored troops may be placed on an equal footing
with white troops as to pay, bounty, and pension.
llOUIt OF MEETING.
Mr. POMEROY submitted the following reso-
lution; which lies over for consideration:
Resolved, Tli.it when the Senate adjourns on Thursday,
the 23d octant, it adjourn to meet at eleven o'clock on
each d< y lor the leirMirider of the session.
BILL BECOME A 1 AW.
A message from the President of the United
States-, by Mr. Hay, his Secretary, announced
that the Piesident had approved and signed, on
the 20th instant, tin act (S. No. 145) to mciease
the pay of soldiers in the United States Army,
and for other purposes.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the House had passed the following bills of the
Senate:
A bill (No. 265) to expedite and regulate the
punting of public documents, and for other pur-
poses; and
A bill (No. 306) to grant to the State of Cali-
fornia ceitain lands for State prison purposes.
The meshajje further announced that the House
had passed the bill of the Senate (No. 85) to pro-
vide for the examination of certain offtceis of the
Army, wall amendments, in which n requested
the concurrence of the Senate.
The m< ssage also announced that the House
insisted upon its amendments to the bill of the
Senate (No. 54) to incorporate the Metiopolitan
Railroad Company in the District of Columbia,
disagreed to by the Senate; agreed to the confer-
ence asked by theSenafeon the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses thereon, and has appointed
Mr. E. Wheeler of Wisconsin, Air. J. G.
Bi.ainc of Maine, and Mr. J. W. Pattiirron
of New Hampshire, managers at theaamfc on us
part.
The message further announced that the House
had pa.-sed the following bill and jointiesoliuion;
in which it lequested the concurrence of the
Senate:
A bill (No. 527) making appropriations for
sundi y civil expertses of the Government for the
year ending the 80th June, 186\3; and
A joint resolution (No. 101) to provide for the
publication of a full Army Register.
The message also announced that thePresident
of the Umted States had approved and signed on
the 18th instant an act (H. R. No. 4GS) extend-
ing the time for the completion of the Marquette
and Ontonagon jaihoad ot the State of Michigan.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House of Reniesentatives had signed the
following emolled bills and joint resolution; and
they weie thereupon signed by the Piesident pro
tempo} e:
A bill (S.No. 253) to amend the act ofDeccm-
bei 2], IfcGl, entitled "An act to further promote
the Uiiuriiey of the Navy;"
A bill (S. No. 270) to amend an act entitled
"An act to establish and equalize the grade of
line oiTh'ej of the United States Navyappi ovod
July 10, 180:2; and
A joint resolution (S. No. 44) for the relief of
