2140
THE. CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 6,
Mr. COW AN. I think the honorable Senator
is utterly and entirely mistaken as to the char-
acter of this legislation. This is not special le-
gislation but general legislation in every sense of
the term; it is applicable to everybody. In the
first place, on the 3d of March, 1863, an act was
Eassed which required persons to whom patents
ad been ordered or decreed upon the payment
of a final balance fee, to pay it within six months
or the order would not be executed. When that
became a law, of course a great many of these
fees were in arrear and a great many people say
they knew nothing about it, or had overlooked
the passage of the law, and they let the six months
go by. There are a great many of them. The
Commissioner now desires, in order to secure the
payment of that balance fee, and allow everybody,
all on the same terms, to come in and pay it, that
we extend the time six months longer. What
objection can there be to that? None in the world
that I have ever heard suggested. Itisnotmade
for the benefit of one man or for any particular
number of men, but for all persons who over-
looked the passage of the act of March 3, 1863,
and did not pay the final balance fee. They are
allowed six rfionths longer to come in and pay it,
and by that means a very considerable amount
of revenue will be procured for the Patent Office.
That is all there is of the bill.
Mr.TRUMBULL. I should like to inquireof
the Senator from Pennsylvania who has the mat-
ter in charge what the law was before the passage
ofthis act ofMarch, 186.'J; whetherthey had more
than six months before that time.
Mr. COWAN. There was no limit. They
would very frequently have an order issued allow-
ing them a patent and then let it lie for years. In
that way a large number of them had accumu-
lated. Then the Commissioner suggested the pas-
sage of the act of March 3,18G3, in order to com-
pel them to como up and take out patents and pay
the final balance fee. Large numbcis of them did
so, but there are still a very considerable number,
perhaps a hundred or more, who neglected to do
so. This bill is to provide a remedy for their
cases. The patents have been decreed and or-
dered, but have not been taken up on account of
this failure to pay the final balance fee.
Mr. TRUMBULL, i have no objection to the
bill if that is the object of it.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed fora third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
BILLS BKCOMB LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Nicolay, iiin Secretary, an-
nounced that, the President hud yesteiday ap-
proved and signed the following acts:
A n act (S No. 31) making a grant of lands to
the State of Minnesota to aid in (he construction
of the railroad from St. Paul to Lake Superior;
An act (S. No. 126) to amend "An act to in-
corporate the inhabitants of the city of Washing-
ton,4' passed May 15, 1&2U; and
An act (S. No. 1{>0) granting lands to aid in
the constiuctiori of certain uulroads in the State
of Wisconsin.
KKGISTUATION OF VOTERS.
Mr. DIXON. 1 now move to tnkc up Senate
bill No. 114.
Mr. COWAN. There arc one or two other
little bills in niy charge that will not take a mo-
ment, and I should like to dispose of them.
Mr. DIXON. I trust the Senator will not in-
sist upon it. The bill I propose to take up is of
very great importance, and if passed at all it
should be passed immediately, because it is pro-
posed to affect the election in this city, which
takes place on the first Monday of June.
The motion was agreed to-, and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resum* d the consid-
eration of the bill (S. No. 114) to amend section
five of an act entitled "An act to continue, alter,
and amend the charter of the city uf Washing-
ton," approved May 17,1848, and further to pie-
serve the purity of elections and guaid against
the abuse of the elective franchise, by a registra-
tion of electors for the city of Washington, in the
District of Columbia.
Mr. DIXON. 1 propose an amendment to
come in as a now section after section twenty-one
of die bill: '
•find be U fwther cnactcd. That if ihe hoard o( registra-
tion, ui any one m mote ot them. slii'Ii refill m neglect
from any cause to perform the duties herein required of
them, or be incapable of performing the same at the time
herein s.ppoified, the supreme eouit of the District of Co-
lumbia, or either of the judges thereof, upon being informed
of the fact bv any citizen of the said city of Washington,
and >ati.sraciorv pioot thereof bem§ mad°, shall forthwith
appoint proper peison-s to supply tne places of those soie-
fu<ing to act, or incapable of acting, on said board, and the
pcr&ons so appointed shall immediately thereafter proceed
to do all the acts and things required of said boaid, and
the acts and things so done by them, completed atanv pe-
riod prior to the day of election, shall be m ail respects
valid and operative as if done and performed by said board
of registration.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr.-COWAN. I move to amend the bill in
the third line of the first section by inserting the
word " white" before the word ''male," so as
to confine the right of voting in Washington to
white mole citizens.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope not.
Mr. COWAN. Mr. Piesident, the bill as it
now stands would confer upon male citizens,
whether white or black, the right to vote in this
District. It is proposed in the amendment 1 have
just offeied to limit the suffrage to the whites, as
uhas been heretofore, and 1 will state very briefly
my reasons for opposing the change contem-
plated.
Jn the first place, I think this a most inoppor-
tune time to make any change, especially as it
seems to be opposed by the people of the District
almost universally. But apart from their wishes,
1 think the innovation will be found of no benefit
to any and may be disastrous to the whole. Our
form of government, extending the right of suf-
frage to all free white males above "the age of
twenty-one years, has always been considered but
an experiment with the danger offailure supposed
to lie in that provision. If we could continue to sus-
tain ourselves with political power equally distrib-
uted among the people upon so wide a basis as
that, the wisest men everywhere would be satis-
fied ; hut they have feared for it a long while. Still
no positive trouble happened until the present re-
bellion, which presents the ordeal we have to pass
in order to test our ability to make good our pres-
ent position.
If we can succeed in restoring the Union and
the supremacy of the Federal Government, the
elective franchise will most likely remain as it is;
if we fail, no one can doubt but that in the an-
archy and confusion sure to follow, the power in
the State will come to be lodged in fewer hands,
and our boasted universal suffrage will be lost.
T know if is not generally thought that this
question is involved in the struggle now going on
between the North and the South, and yet such
is the fact, hecausc it is well known the leaders
of the confederacy wished for a separation, know-
ing as they did that the popular institutions of the
North would soon bo too strong to brook any re-
sistance, and that all must be subject to the over-
whelming power of the people. * It is also now
pretty clearly shown that they further intended,
in case they secured their independence, to re-
strain the right of suffrage enough to stifle the
voice of the masses of their own people. Now,
to put them down is to prove the principle now
prevailing is sound and effectual to save the na-
tion ; to fail, however, is equally to prove it is un-
sound, and in the latterease it most likely would
be abandoned to a great extent. Tins is the prob-
lem now in process of solution.
The great battle now perhaps at this moment
taking place on the banks of the Rapidan, may
settle this question either for or against us. Ia it
then,in an hour fraught with such momentous re-
sults that we ought to engage ourselves in mak-
ing a fundamental alteration like this in the struc-
ture of any pai t of our social fabric? Would it
not be wiser to await the issue of the conflict
winch now reaches a crisis, in order that we may
Ryu whether or not we can sustain the present
frame of things, rather than adventure ourselves
upon an uncallcd-for innovation, and one which
even its advocates cannot argue would be more
than tolerable?
It may be said that atpresentlargenumbers of
white men vote who are no better qualified than
negroes. I admit it is so, but if the surplus in-
telligence and virtue of the whole has been suffi-
cient to neutralize the effectof the vicious element
heretofore, are we sure that it will suffice if we im-
pose upon it the burden of a new element equally
dangerous? If we can indulge thousands of white
men for the sake of a uniform rule in a privilege
which they abuse, surely that is no argument why
we should indulge a like number of negroes in
the same.
Sir, I know there are persons who think that
all people have an inherent, natural, and indefeas-
ible right to the elective franchise, but no greater
mistake ever was committed. The proposition is
not true in theory, and not possible in practice.
The right to choose a ruler is precisely like the
right to rule. Nobody has a right to do either
the one or the other unless the community, State,
or nation to be ruled chooses to confer it upon
him. But no people ever conferred this power to
choose upon everybody. On the other hand it
has always been given to certain individuals ex-
actly designated and chosen, to the exclusion of
all others. In the United States all the females
and all the males under twenty-one years of age
aie denied the right. Next, all aliens not natural-
ized, all Indians,and nearly all the negroes,leav-
ing the males over twenty-one not more than one
in five to exercise it. So that it is seen even here,
where the right of suffiage is more nearly uni-
versal than anywhereelse,itis confined to a com-
paratively small class of the citizens, and it turns
out to be a delegated instead of a natural right,
and is purely conventional.
It is proposed in this bill to alter this conven-
tion by a new one which would confer this upon
male negroes over the age of twenty-one years.
Now,it must be evident that this is a mere freak
of habit, and that it has no support in reason, be-
cause if the franchise was not wide enough al-
ready why not open it to white women? No-
body can pretend but they would be safer than
semi-barbarous and uneducated negroes, many of
whom have just emerged from slavery. And
yet no reformer here has ventured to propose any-
thing of the kind, nor has anybody proposed to.
make minors, between the ages of eighteen and
twenty-one, the repositories ofthis power; and yet
who would not rather trust them than negroes
in the use of it?
It may be said, however, that the negro per-
forms military service, and that because he fights
the battles of the country he ought to share in the
choice of its rulers; but this is utterly fallacious,
and it might as well be said that every voter was
qualified to be a soldier, as that every soldier
would make agood voter, when everybody knows
thut there are very many respectable voters who
would hot do credit to the country on the field of
battle, and that there arc many good soldiers who
would be worse than useless at elections. The
truth is there is no necessary connection between
the two kinds of qualifications necessary to the
elector and soldier. They may exist together in
the same person, but it happens in too many
cases that they do not to make it worth anything
as a rule. Hence, our young men are required
to be soldiers long before they aie allowed to be
electors, and i think no State in the Union has
ever proposed or enacted that all her soldiers m
camp should vote, but only those who would have
been so entitled had they remained at home, show-
ing clearly thereby that it was not done on the
gtound that they were soldiers, but that they were
already electors.
One word more. I think the soldier on the bat-
tle-field js of all others the person most interested
that this privilege should remain just as it was
when he went forth with his life in his hand to
defend it. It will be remembered that it is a fun-
damental institution ofhiscountiy—the one upon
which its whole governmental structure is based,
and the one which it is incumbent upon us to pro-
tect most sacredly. To enlarge it is not only to
confer rights but also to give away privileges;
and he might well complain if in his absence on
his perilous mission we introduced such an or-
ganic change as this bill contemplates, and be-
stowed his darling prerogative on negroes. How
would we answer his inquiry as to whatcspecial
quality we found in the Afiican race that would
warrant us in making such a gift? Could we sat-
isfy him of their intelligence, of their independ-
ence, of their virtue? Could we convince him
that these negroes were competent judges of the
" truest and capable" men in the community who
were proper to be its rulers, when he himself had
been so often at fault in trying it?
I think, sir, the true friend of the soldier, white
or black, is he who watches over and preserves
