1164
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 17,
a comparison and claim any superiority for one
of these classes of officers over the other,#but I
say that no man understandingreally the condition
of the service will assert that surgeons are more
deserving than chaplains, that their wants are
any greater, and that the duties they perform
are any more important, provided each performs
his proper duties ably and faithfully. I agree
"that if the chaplain is a bad man he is not en-
titled to this or any other allowance or any com-
pensation; he should not have been appointed at
all. So of the surgeon. If the surgeon is an
incompetent, unskillful, or ignorant man, he is as
great a curse to the service as can well be imposed
upon it. There may be, and doubtless are, such
cases, but it will not do, for that reason, to de-
grade the whole class of surgeons, or to put them
under the ban and outlaw them as we do, chap-
lains.
As, however, no objection is suggested to my
amendment except to the point in relation to fuel
and quarters, I will state again that I am perfectly
willing that that provision shall be so limited that
they shall havesimplyproperaccommodationsin
the hospitals, forts, or posts where they may be
assigned to duty. That is my object. I do not
wish to increase the pay. The honorable Senator
from Iowa [Mi\Grimes] has handed me an amend-
ment touching this matter, which he thinks will
reach the object. He proposes to strike out the
words "quarters and fuel" in my amendment and
to insert, "and when assigned to hospitals they
shall be entitled to quarters and fuel within the
hospitals to which they are so assigned." I wish
to have the words "posts and forts" inserted after
the word "hospitals," because there arc some in
the same condition who are assigned to forts and
posts.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will they need two
horses?
Mr. FOSTER. The chaplains at posts and
hospitals will not need horses, and will not keep
them because there is no commutation of forage.
In the field the chaplain needs horses, because
like all other officers he has some effects to carry,
which he must carry on his horse, and besides he
must carry forage for his horse. He cannot carry
his necessary effects and forage upon one horse,
and still have that horseofany advantage tohim.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Do they not send their
things with the baggage wagons?
Mr. FOSTER. They do not. Not a thing is
provided for except what he has on his back.
Every officer who is entitled to one horse m the
field must be allowed to draw forage for another,
or else the usu of one horse is of no advantage to
him whatever. There is no danger of chaplains
keeping two horses merely for the sake of draw-
ing forage for them. if they want forage at all
they want it for two horses. There is no com-
mutation of forage now.
Mr. WILSON. I want it to be understood
that this allowance-of quarters "is to be furnished
to the chaplains in the hospitals and not to be
commuted.
Mr. FOSTER. Of course not. I will read
this part of the amendment as I have now mod-
ified it:
They shall be entitled to draw forage for two horses; and
when ap&igiicd to hospitals, potior forts they shall be en-
titled to quarters and fuel within the hospitals, posts, or
forts to which they ate so assigned, without the privilege
of commutation.
I move, so to amend the amendment.
The amendmentto the amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
of the Senator from Connecticut as amended will
now be read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Strike out all after the word "that," In line three, sec-
tion one, to the end of that section, and m lieu thereof in-
sert the following.
The rank of chaplain in the regular and volunteer service
of the United States is hereby recognized. Chaplains shall
be borne on the field and staff rolls next after suigeoiK, and
shall be subject to the same m!es and regulations as other
.officers of the Army. They shall be entitled to draw for-
age for two horses, and when assigned to hospitals, posts,
or forts, they s>hall be entitled to quarters and fuel within
the hospitals, po^ts, or fort* to which they are m-> aligned,
(without the privilege of commutation,) subject to the same
conditions and limitations as are now by law*provided in the
case of suigrons. When absent horn duty with leave or on
account of <i< k es«s or other disability, 01 when held by the
enemy as prisoners thev^hall be subject to no otherdimi-
nution or fo^s of pay and allowances than other officer in
the military service are under like ciicumstancps.. And
chaplains who have been absent from duty by jea&on of
wounds or siekness, or when held by the enemy as prison-
ers, shall be entitled to receive lull pay without rations
during such absence. In all other respect®, the pay of chap-
lains shall be the same as now piovided by law.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FOSTER. I move the following amend-
ment, to eome in as section two:
And be it further enacted, That it shall be the duty of chap-
lains in the military service of the United States to make
monthly repoits to the Adjutant General of the moral con-
dition of the legiments, hospitals, or posts to which they
may be attached; and it shall be the duty of all command-
ers of regiments, hospitals, and posts to render such facil-
ities as will aid m tiie di&chafge of the duties assigned to
them by the Government.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I propose to amend the bill
by adding as an additional section:
And bp it further enacted, That all chaplains In the mili-
taiy service uf the United States shall hold appropriate re-
ligious services at the burial of soldiers who may die 111 the
command to which they are aligned to duty, and it shall
be their duty to hold public religious services at least once
each Sabbath.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I now propose another sec-
tion:
And he it fuitker enacted y That colored chaplains ap-
pointed for colored troops shall be entitled to the same com-
pensation as chaplamsin the regular and volunteer forces.
Mr. POWELL. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that.
Mr. WILSON and Mr. FOSTER. Do not
divide the Senate.
Mr. POWELL. Yes, sir; I will divide it now.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WILSON. I will simply say before the
vote is taken that there have been two or three
cases, I think, of chaplains appointed for colored
troops who were themselves colored ministers of
the gospel.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to ask my
friend a question. By the law are not eoloied
troops now on the same footing with white troops,
regulats and volunteers ?
Mr. WILSON. They will be if the House of
Representatives passes our bill, but it is not a law
yet, and I think wi' may as well put so much
of it on here now, and I will state a case to the
Senate. In the fifty-fourth or fifty-fifth Massa-
chusetts regiment, I am inclined-to think the fifty-
fourth, a colored minister of the gospel was ap-
pointed chaplain by the request of the regiment.
He was a man of influence and character, a man
of earnestness and zeal, and he spent $300 in fit-
ting himself out to go with the regiment to South
Carolina. lie has been in his regiment, and all
he has had the privilege of drawing is ten dollars
a month. The paymasters of the Army paying
these troops have declined to pay anything more
than ten dollars a month. I think it is a con-
struction that ought not to be; for if he is entitled
to be a chaplain I think he ought to have the same
pay as any other chaplain. We have raised and
are raising about one hundred and twenty regi-
ments of colored troops, and there are many min-
isters of the gospel among them that have a great
deal of influence with them, and will be sought
for and be appointed, and there is no reason why
they should not occupy the same position as if
they were white men.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll; but
before concluding it—
Mr. WILSON. With the unanimous consent
of the Senate I ask leave to withdraw the propo-
sition.
t The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there any ob-
jection to the Senator withdrawing his amend-
ment?
Mr. POWELL. I have none.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection. The amendment is withdrawn by
unanimous consent.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed
and the bill to be read a third time. The bill was
read the third time, and passed.
order of business.
Mr. POWELL. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
Mr. WILSON. I hope we shall have an ex-
ecutive session. [Oh, no!]
Mr. POWELL. It is too late for that. I
move that the Senate adjourn.
_Mr. SUMNER. Will the Senator withdraw
his motion for a moment? I merely wish to take
up the bill which was made the order of the day
for yesterday, to have it up in order to proceed
with it at one o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. POWELL. It can be called up at one
o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. SUMNER. But if it is taken up now and
left as the unfinished business, it will come up
then.
Mr. POWELL. What is the bill?
Mr. SUMNER. A bill to repeal the fugitive
slave act.
Mr. POWELL. I do not withdraw my mo-
tion.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, March 17,1864.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Dr. Marks.
The Journal of yestei day was read and approved.
SOUTHWEST BRANCH PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. BOYD. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce a bill to complete the
southwest branch-of the Pacific railroad.
Mr. HOLMAN. Let the bill be read.
The biil was read in extenso.
Mr. HOLMAN. I do not object to that bill if
it is referred to the Committee of Claims. That
committee has heretofore had the subject under
consideration.
Mr. BOYD. I want to have it referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means. Moneys have
been collected for transportation upon that south-
west branch since 1861.
Mr. HOLMAN. The same subject has been
referred to the Committee of Claims, and I must
object unless this lull takes the same reference.
"Mr. lJOYD. I agrfce to that.
The bill was received, lead a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee of Claims.
PETER NICOL.
Mr. ALLEY. I move that the papers in the
ease of Peter Nicol be withdrawn from the files
of the House and referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
UNEMPLOYED GENERAL OFFICERS.
The SPEAKER stated the first business m
order to be the motion of the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Ashley] to postpone the further con-
sideration of House joint resolution No. 49, to
drop from the rolls of the Army unemployed gen-
eral officers, until yesterday three weeks, on which
motion the previous question had been called.
On seconding the demand for the previous ques-
tion, there were—ayes 35, noes 20; no quorum
voting.
Mr. ANCONA moved that there be a call of
the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The Clerk proceeded to call the roll, and the fol-
lowing members failed to answer to their names:
Messrs.Willlam J. Allen, Daily, Blaine, Francis P. Clair,
Brooks,William G.Brown, Chanier, Freeman Claike, Clay,
Cobb, Ciavens, Creswrll, Dixon, Eilen, Edgerton, English,
Fmck, Frank, Ganson, Gooch. (Jrider, Grmnell, Jame* T.
Hale, Benjamin G. Harris, Asahel VV. Tlubhaid, John H.
Hubbard, Ilulburd, Jenckes, Philip Johnson, William John-
son, Kasfron, Orlando Kellogg, King, Ktiapp, Law, JLazcar,
Le Blond, Littlejohn, Lovrjoy, Mallory, Marcy, Marvin,
McKmney. Nelson, Noble, Odell, John O'Neill, Patterson,
Pike, Ponxnoy, Samuel J. Randall, William H. Randall,
Robinson, Edwaid IT. Rolling James S. Rollins, Scott,
Sloan, Smith, Stair, Thomas, Tracy, Wadaworth, Ward,
Wheeler, Chilton A. White, Joseph W. White,Williams,
Wmficld, Benjamin Wood, and Fernando Wood.
Mr. ANCONA moved, as a quourm had an-
swered to their names, that all fuither proceed-
ings under the call be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. ASHLEY called for the yeas and nays
on the motion to postpone, and tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were notordered,and the yeas and nays
were not ordered.
On a division, theie were—ayes 52, noes 33.
Mr. SCHENCK demanded the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER stated that the yeas and nays
had been refused.
Mr. SCHENCK demanded tdlcis.
