1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
nm
Tellers were ordered;and Messrs. Schenck and
Harrington were appointed.
The motion was agreed to; the tellers having
reported—ayes 63, noes 43.
Mr. ASHLEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was postponed, and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
Mr. SCHENCK demanded the yeas and nays
on the latter motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas82, nays 37; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Ancona, Ashley, Daily,
Augustus C. Baldwin, John D. Baldwin, Baxter, Beaman,
Jacob B. Blair, Bliss, Blow, Boutwell, Boyd, Broomall,
Chanler, Ambrose W.Claik, CoffrothjCox, Dawson, Den-
ison, Donnelly, Driggs, Dumont, Eldridge, Eliot, Fenton,
Frank, Giiswold, Hall, Herrick, Iiotehkiss, Hutehins,
Kaibfleisch, Kernan, Knapp, Law, Long, Marcy, McAl-
lister, McBride, McClurg, McDowell, Middleton, William
H. Miller, Moorhead, Daniel Morris, James R. Morris,
Morrison, Leonard Myers, Noble, John O'Neill, Oitli, Pen-
dleton, Perhain, Perry, Price, pruyn, Radford, Samuel J.
Randall, John IJ. Rice, Rogers, Ross?',-Shannon, Smithers,
John B. Steele, William G. Steele, Stevens, Utiles, Strouse,
Stuart, Sweat, Thayer, Upson, Van Valkcnburgh, Voor-
nees, Wadsworth, William B. Waslibuin, Webster, Wlia-
ley, Wheeler, Windom, and Yeaman—82.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ame^, Anderson, Ar-
nold, Brandegee, Cobb, Cole, Henry Wmtei Davis, Thomas
T. Davis, Dawes, Detmng, EclUey, Fain-.worth, Harding,
Holmun, John II. Hubbard, Julian, Kelley, Francis W.
Kellogg, Longyear, Samuel F. Miller, MornJI, Amo^ My-
ers, Norton, Charles O'Neill, Pike, Alexander H. Rice,
Schenck, Scofiekl,Spalding, Starr,Tracy, £hhu B. Wash-
burne, Williams, Wilder, and Woodbridge — 37.
So the motion to reconsider was laid upon the
table.
MESSAGE FRO&I THE SENATE.
A message fiom the Senate, by Mi. Forney,
their Secretary, notified the House that the Sen-
ate had passed the bill (FI. R. No. 40) making1
appropriations for the consular and diplomatic
expanses of the Government for the year ending
June 30, 1865, with amendments, in which the
concurrence of the House was requested.
Also, that the President did, on the 15th in-
stant, approve and sign an act (S. No. 120) to
amend an act entitled "An act to regulate trade
and intercourse with the Indian tribes, and to
preserve peace on the frontiers," approved June
30, 1834.
RAILROADS TO NEW YORK.
The SPEAKER announced that the next busi-
ness in order was the consideration of a bill (H.
R. No. 307) to declare certain roads military roads'
and post roads, and to regulate commerce, the
consideration of which was postponed until Wed-
nesday, March 16, the question being on ordering
the bill to be engrossed.
Mr. DEMING. This bill was introduced upon
the petition of the Raritan and Delaware Hay Rail-
road Company to have their road declared a law-
ful structure, and a post and military load of the
United States. The bill was reported a week ago
yesterday, and laid upon the table upon my own
motion, with an order to print it and the accom-
panying report, that the House might have abund-
ant time for its consideration.
The petitioners haveconstructedarailroadfropi
Port Monmouth, near Sandy Hook, to Atsion
which lies nearly east of Philadelphia, and it is
connected by the Batsto branch with the Camden
and Atlantic Railroad Company. Thus by means
of the road they have constructed, by means of the
Batsto branch, and by means of the Camden and
Atlantic Railroad Company, they have a railroad
constructed from Port Monmouth, near Sandy
Jrlook, to Camden, which is opposite the city of
Philadelphia. They have also a steamboat run-
ning from the city of New York to Port Mon-
mouth, and a ferry running from Camden to Phil-
adelphia; and thus by means of their railroads,
their steamboats, and their ferry, they have a con-
tinuous through Ime from the city of New York
to the city of Philadelphia.
In one gieat emeigency of the nation, shortly
after the battle of Antietam, and when there was
a universal panic through the country, and when
the interests of the Republic were most seriously
imperiled, this continuous through line from New
York to Philadelphia was able to render great
service to the nation, and actually carried over
this through line upwards of seventeen thousand
troops, and upwards of eight hundred thousand
pounds of munitions of war. Shortly after they
had performed this great service to the country,
a petition for an injunction was brought against
them by the Camden and Amboy Railroad Com-
pany, before the chancellor of New Jersey; and
since this subject has been before the committee
a decree of the chancellor has been issued in that
case, a synopsis of which will be found in the re-
port which accompanies this bill. The chancellor
enjoins the use ofthepetitioners'road,exceptfor
local'purposes, and orders that the Raritan and
Delaware Bay Railroad Company pay to the Cam-
den and Amboy Railroad Company all sums col-
lected by the former for through business, includ-
ing the amount received for transportation of
troops; and the chancellor decrees that the peti-
tioners' road has no right to carry or aid in car-
rying passengers and freight between New York
and Philadelphia.
The effect of this decision, as the House will
see, is to destroy this road as a continuous through
road between New York and Philadelphia. It
confines it to local business between Camden and
Port Monmouth. It cuts off both ends of the
road; cuts off the steamboat transportation on the
Raritan bay, and the ferry upon the Delaware
river, thus destroying the road as a continuous
through route between New York and Philadel-
phia.
Under these circumstances the petitioners come
to Congress for relief, praying that their roads
and its branches, and its accompanying ferries,
may be declared lawful structures, and also post
and military roads of the United States. In the
consideration of the petitioners' case two ques-
tions arise: first, has Congress the power to grant
the relief for which the petitioners pray; and sec-
ond, does the application present a proper case
for the exercise of that power?
The committee believe that Congress has the
power under two clauses of the Constitution: first,
under the clause which authorizes us to establish
post roads; and second, under the clause which
authorizes us to regulate commerce with foreign
nations, among the several States, and with the
Indian tribes. The committee have gathered to-
gether m their report the instances in which Con-
gress has exercised the power of declaring roads
post roads and part of the military establishment
of the United States. And under the power to
establish post roads we have precedents which
we regard as applicable to this particular case,
and which we think authorize us in granting the
relief for which the petitioners pray.
The cases are so fully cited in the report which
accompanies the bill that I hardly feel it neces-
sary to detain the House by presenting them in
detail. Unquestionably the one most pertinent to
the present application is to be found in volume
twelve United States Statutes at Large, where, in
an act to establish certain post roads, in sections
one and two, it is enacted—
"That the bridge partly constructed across the Ohio river,
at Sfeubonviilc. in the State of Ohio, abutting on the Vir-
ginia shore ot said river, is hereby dcclated to be a lawful
r-tiuctuie.-'
" That the said bridge and Holiday's Cove lailroad are
hereby declared a public highway and established a post
road, lor the purpose of transmission of mails- of the United
States, and that the Steuben ville and Indiana Raili oad Com-
pany, chattered by the Legislatme of the State of Ohio,and
the Holliday's Cove Railroad Company, chaitered by the
State of Virginia, or either of them, are authorized to com-
plete, main tain, and opetate said road and bridge when com-
pleted, asset l'oi th in the preceding section, anything m the
law or laws of the above-named States to the contrary not-
withstanding."
In addition to this most remarkable precedent,
so applicable to the circumstances which I have
already detailed, you will find in the report five
or six other precedents bearing upon the question
in hand.
The committee also believe that Congress has
full power of granting the relief asked for by these
petitioners under its power to regulate commerce
with foreign nations, among the States, and with
the Indian tribes, and the committee, in the re-
port which accompanics this bill, have .gathered
together from the United States reports the decis-
ions which affect this question, and believe that
under those decisions full power 3S given to Con-
gress to interfere in this case and grant the peti-
tioners the relief which they claim.
it also appears, Mr. SpeakeK, thai#the State of
New Jersey itself has recognized thisrightin Con-
gress to establish a road over its territory. By
the sixth section of an act relating to the Camden
and Amboy Railroad and Transportation Com-
pany it is declared—
"That when any other railroad or roads fbr-tbe trans-
portation of passengers and property between New Yoric
and Philadelphia, across this State, shall be constructed
and used for that purpose, tinder or by virtue of any law
of this State or the United States authorizing or recogniz-
ing j-aid road, that then, and in that ease, tlie said dividends
shall no longer be payable to the State, and the said stock
shall be retiansferred to the company by the treasurer.of
this State."
Thus the State of New Jersey has recognised
the right of Congress to exercise the very power
which the petitioners pray for in this case; and the
Camden and Amboy Company, by assenting to
this act of the Legislature of New Jersey, have
debarred themselves from claiming that any of
their chartered rights or privileges are infringed
by the bill under consideration. Before moving
the previous question I desire to give gentlemen
an opportunity of discussing this question.
Mr. THAYER. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman from Connecticuta question, if he will let
me; and that is, whether the words " built and
to be built," in the first section of the bill, in his
understanding confers a power upon these com-
panies to go anywhere they please, or whether it
is his understanding that the powers conferred are
limited to such branches as have been located and
are under actual construction?
Mr. DEMING. The latter construction of the
gentleman is the correct one.
Mr. THAYER. In that view of it, I shall vote
for the bill.
Mr. PRUYN. What was the gentleman's an-
swer to the inquiry of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania?
Mr. DEMING. My answer was that the laet
construction given to tne clause by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania was, in my judgment, the cor-
rect one. By that first section we declare this
road to be a lawful structure. The second sec-
tion declares the continuous through route to be
a public highway, and that it may be used for
that purpose. The third section authorizes the
companies to use the road for that purpose, and
extends the franchise to the assigns of the com-
pany. My intention is to call the previous ques-
tion on this bill; but, before doing so, I am will-
ing to give gentlemen a full opportunity to discuss
it during my time.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has forty-
five minutes of his hour remaining,and the morn-
ing hour will expire in ten minutes.
Mr. ROGERS obtained the floor.
Mr. ASHLEY. Let me say to the gentleman
from New Jersey that there are but ten minutes
of the morning hour remaining, and then terri-
torial business will come up as the special order.
Mr. DEMING. I shall be obliged, then, to
move the previous question. ■
Mr. ROGERS. I hope the gentleman will not
cut off all debate on a bill so important to the State
of New Jersey as this is.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I would ask the gen-
tleman if this bill will not come up to-morrow
during the morning hour?
The SPEAKER. It will come up on Tuesday
next.
Mr. DAWES. As the gentleman from Con-
necticut has ten minutes left during the morning
hour, I would like to ask him some questions.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would like first
to ascertain what the gentleman from Connecticut
requires.
Mr. PRUYN. I suggest to the gentleman from
Connecticut that this is one of the most important
measures ever presented to this body, and the
idea of disposing of it in an hour or two,or any-
thing like that, is quite impossible,and would be
a tyrannical act on the part of the majority of the
House.
Mr. DEMING. I ask the Chair whether this
bill will be in order in the morning hour to-mor-
i row ?
| The SPEAKER. It will not. To-morrow
will be private bill day, when the bill in regard
to homesteads will come up.
Mr. DEMING. When will this bill come up
next in order*
The SPEA KER. It wiil come during the morn-
ing hour on Tuesday next.
Mr. DEMING. In order to give gentlemen
an opportunity of discussing it I am willing that
the bill shall go over till Tuesday next.
