1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2141
the institutions of his country while ho is gone,
and that it will be time enough when he comes
back victorious to make such alterations us may
be thought safe in a matter so vital as thisoneis.
I think, too, that no friend of the negro ought
to desire for him the right of suffrage in this coun-
try. Of what advantage will it be to him to be
thrown into the arena of politics? How will lie
acquit himself in the strife, in competition with
his poweiful, cunning, and unscrupulous neigh-
bors? Will he achieve anything for himself* or
will he be the dupe of the demagogueand the tool
of a faction ?
These, sir, are questions which experience will
conclusively answer. The gift, if effectual at all,
will be found fatal to him who receives it,as well
as to the giver. This brings me to another and
final objection, which is, that political power
.ought never to be conferred upon any class of a
community when that class was sepcuatcd from
the great bulk of the people by marked difference
of race, color, capacity, and condition; because
if this class be superior in all these respects, it will
constantly usarp and finally become tyrannic.nl
and despotic. If on the other hand it is mfei lof,
its privilege provokes antagonism which it is
powerless to resist, obliging it in self-defense to
manifest itself in a way fatal to Us own constitu-
tion. It must vote as a class, sell itself out to one
or the other of the parties of the dominant race,
and purchase favor at the expense of its independ-
ence. The strife engendered between parties on
account of class voting has been always con-
sidered dangerous; and we all remember that but
a few years ago a powerful party wns foimed in
this country which charged this offense upon for-
eigners, and especially those of them who belonged
to a particular religious faith, so it was well-nigh
adding to the every-day political dissensions the
bitterness of religious animosity, I think, there-
fore, that no man can doubt that if negroes were
allowed to vote at all that they would all vote to-
gether on the same side.
Mr. SUMNER. I would remind the Senator
that in Boston, where we have a practical expe-
uence on this subject, the colored voters have
divided at the polls.
Mr. COWAN. Mr. President, I think the
remaik made by the Senator from Massachusetts
furnishes the key to all the errors which he and
those who think with him fall into on this sub-
ject. It is supposed that because in a commu-
nity like that of Boston,where there are very few
negioes, and wheie it is strong enough and
healthy enough not to feel any mischief to result
from their voting, that therefore the experiment
is conclusive, and that it would be safe to allow
them the same privileges in other places where
they form a considerable part of the population,
and where they would be felt.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator misunderstood
me. The point 1 made was that the colored peo-
ple in Boston actually divided at the polls. I
understood the Senator to assert that colored
people, wherever they were, would act together
as a unit.
Mr. COWAN. I understood the Senator.
Why is it that they divide in Boston? It is be-
cause, as I said before, their weight is not appie-
ciable; they could not achieveanything there by
any combination they could make; and I suppose,
besides, there is no antagonism between them
and the people of Boston on accountof the paucity
of their numbers.
But if their number hud been considerable
enough to hold the balance of power between two
tuigi y factions uf white voters, I think they would
not have been allowed to enjoy the privilege long,
lii Pennsylvania, when theje was hardly moie
than one or two in each election district they were
suffered to vote even illegally for a long time, but
when their numbers began to swell with the ac-
cession of fugitives from the bolder States and
with those whom their masteis had emancipated,
to come there, their right was challenged and cut
off immediately. A State convention to amend
the constitution alterwaids expressly confined
the franchise to the whites, and public sentiment
has been unanimous enough to withdraw the sub-
ject from any agitation ever since.
There is a further reason why I suppose there
is no difficulty experienced in Massachusetts in
regard to negro voting; that is that there-all elect-
ors must bo able to it ad, which would still fur-
ther limit the mischief. In this bill, however,
there is no such limitation, and it would allow a
numerous class here to vote which even the few
in Massachusetts would not be allowed to do if
in their condition-
Mr. President, I hope the amendment will pre-
vail, and that whatever we may do at another time
we will not now introduce an untried and doubt-
ful alteiation in the laws of this District# Let us
bide our time, and if the foremost races can suc-
ceed with a general distribution of political power
among these masses, we will then be able, per-
haps, more judiciously to admit the inferior to a
participation of that privilege which, if bestowed
now, would benefit no one and might injure us all.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move to postpone all
prior orders for the purpose of taking up one or
two Indian bills which must be called up for ac-
tion. The bill now befoie the Senate is likely to
lead to interminable debate; and with the consent
of the chairman of the Committee on Finance I
propose to take up some Indian bills this morn-
ing. lie has no objection to disposing of them
this morning, it is very necessary to take them
up. I move first to take up bill No. 226.
Mr. DIXON. I hope that will not be done.
1 have already stated (hat it is important that this
bill should be acted upon now, if at all, as it is
expected to go into operation before the coming
election. If the Senator insists on his motion, I
must ask for the yeas and nays.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Theie is no such neces-
sity for acting on this bill now as there is for act-
ing on the Indian bills to which I have referred.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion to postpone.
Mr. DIXON. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr.WlLLEY. I trust that this measure will
be postponed. This amendment will evidently
lead to considerable debate. If no other Senator
shall do so, I propose to submit some remarks
on it myself, I did not understand that the bill
was coming up this morning, and i hope it will
be postponed.
The yeas and nays being taken on Mr. Doo-
little's motion, resulted—yeas 14, nays 21; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Carlile, Davi-., Doolittle, Foot, Harris,
ifeudeiMMi, Howe, Johnson. Lane, of Kurwi-, Kiddle, Sher-
man, TnnnbnM, Van Winkle, and Wiliey—14.
NAYS—Mt!>->r^. Anthony, Clumpier, Ulatk, Collamer,
Coime>y, Cowan, I)i\oi), t'otier, Gilines, Ilovv.uii, Lane
ol Indiana, Moiean, Poua-roy, Powell, Ramsey,
son, Spi.igue, Sunnu'i, Ten lijck, Wilkinson, and Wilson
—^l.
AH^ISNT—Messis. Biown, Buckalcw, Fe.^enden, Hale,
Ilardmg, ILirlan, {Ictuliickt-, Hicks MeDougall, Momll,
Ne.santh, Saulsbuiy, Wade, and Wright.
So the motion to postpone was not agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment submitted by the Senator
from Pennsylvania.
Mr. SUMNER. On that I ask for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I should like to have
the amendment reported.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
again read.
Theamendment was again read; in section one,
line three, befoie the word " male'* to insett the
word " white," so as to read, " that every white
male citizen of the United States," &c.
Mi. W1LLEY. Mi. Piesident, if Senators will
take the trouble to examine tins bill and compare
it with the law as it already exists, they will find
that the principal effect and the evident intent of
this bill is simply to extend the right of suffrage
to persons of color. That is evidently the intent
and the design of the bill. Apart from that ef-
fect, it will have very little effect and will^onfer
very few privileges, and make very few revela-
tions which are not already incorporated in the
law of this District. At fiist, it may seem that
this is a matter of very little importance; but in
the moral influence of the principle which will
be established if this bill passes with this amend- ^
ment, I fear that the country will realize not only j
disastrous results m the District of Columbia, j
but that us influence will be felt throughout the j
length and breadth of this land. And, sir, while j
it seems to me it ought to be and I trust is the j
desire of every true fiiend of his country to allay
excitement, 1 regret to say it, and I say it with j
all possible respect to Senatois, that it appears
to be our policy day after day to invoke the very
storm-king to let loose upon us the tempest of
disaffection and of disaster to this land.
Mr. President, what is to be accomplished -by
the introduction of this new policy into the his-
tory and into the legislation of' this country?
What is there that demands it at this particular
crisis; and why should an effort of this kind be
made at this hour, when the destinies ndt only
of the negro race, but of the entire white race of
this country are hanging in almost eqtial bal-
ances; and why should we introduce into the Sen-
ate a matter of legislation calculated to produce
additional excitement in this tremendoushoar of
our country's fate, unless there be some essential
principle involved of human rights or of funda-
mental policy in the Government?
Now, sir, let us look at this matter a moment
in the light of sound, practical common sense. I
imagine itwill not be argued by any Senator here
that we have not the political right to exclude
persons of color from exercising the right of suf-
frage in this Districtor anywhere else where Con-
gress has the authority to legislate on the sub-
ject. The right of suffrage, as I understand it,
is not a natural right, or, to speak more correctly,
it is not an original right. It does not necessarily
belong to every member of the community alike.
Every political community properly organized
has the right to say who shall be or compose a
portion of the political power or authority of the
State. This right is not universal anywhere upon
the face of the earth; it is not universal anywhere
in the United States. However far it may have
been extended in some of the States, there is no
State in the Union whichhas notimposed limita-
tions on this power and upon the exercise of this
right of suffrage. Women have not the rightof
suffrage in any State. Minors have not the right
of suffrage. Paupers are excluded from the ex-
ercise of the right of suffrage; and there are limit-
ations more or less imposed upon the exercise of
it everywhere and under all circumstances. I
deem it unnecessary to detain the Senate by at-
tempting to argue the question that it is not a nat-
ural and original right to which every person is
alike entitled. There must be a rule, then, by
which this matter is to be regulated, by which
the exercise of it is to be governed; and in fix-
ing this rule there are two fundamental consid-
eiations to be observed. One of them is, has the
party that applies for this right, or to whom it
is proposed to extend this right, an identity of
interest with the political community into which
he seeks to be introduced? Identification in in-
terest and in feelings and in destiny is one of the
fundamental rules that should be observed in reg-
ulating this great principle of republican institu-
tions.
Another rule, and it is the most important rule,
and one which ought never to be neglected, but
always to be observed, and which in every well-
regulated community is more or less observed, ia
this: intelligence, capacity to understand how to
exercise this great duty, and inasmuch as this is
one of the fundamental principles of republican
government, inasmuch as there can be no secure
republican institutions unless this foundation of
free institutions is securely laid, it is by no means
a matter of trivial importance, and it ought to be
well considered before we vote upon a question
of this character.
I believe it is a constitutional provision in the
fundamental law of the State which the Senator
from Connecticut represents that no person, either
white or black, (he will correct me if I am wrong,)
is entitled to exercise the right of suffrage unless
he can read and write. Political communities in
fixing the standard of suffrage, the rules which
shall regulate the right of suffrage, have generally
settled down on twenty-one years of age as the
proper standard and the proper principle by which
it is to be regulated. All history shows that that
has carried this rule full far enough. Upon the
whole, I suppose it is about the best iule which
can be adopted. We must have some general rule
on the subject that will operate against the inter-
est and against the rights, perhaps, of some in-
dividuals in the community; but being under the
necessity of fixing some general law and regula-
tion in legard to the subject, twenty-one years of
age for a man born in the community is perhaps
the wisest rule that could be fixed, and all our
experience and all history show that this rule
