1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the clerks at the Kittery and Philadelphia navy-
RICHARD FITCH.
Mr. CARLILE. The Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the application of
Richard Fitch for a land warrant under the act of
1355, have instructed me to report a hiil for his
relief. Mr. Fitch rendered military service in the
war with Great Britain, and applied for a land
warrant under the act of 1855. He could only
prove a service of twelve days by record evidence.
By parol evidence he has proved an additional
service of six days, making altogether eighteen
days—four days more than the law required.
Mr. WADE. I hope the bill will be passed
at oncp. I think there is no objection to it.
By unanimous consent, the bill (S. No.,319)
to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to issue
a land warrant to Richard Fitch, of Ohio, was
read three times, and passed.
CARMACK AND RAMSEY.
Mr. COLLAMER. I move to take up the
joint resolution relative to the case of Caimack
& Ramsey, winch was laid over yesterday morn-
ing.
The motion was agreed to; and the considera-
tion of the joint resolution (H. It. No. 11) in re-
lation to the chum of Cannack & Ramsey was
resum( d as in Committee of the Whole.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate,
and tiie amend merit was concurred in. The amend-
ment was ordered to he engrossed, and the reso-
lution to be read a thud time. Thejoint resolution
was lead the third tinv, and passed.
INTBIt-CONTIN ISNTAL TKLEG liAPXI.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move to postpone all
prior oiders foi the purpose of taking up the bill
(S. No. 302) to encourage and facilitate tele-
graphic communication between the eastern and
western comments.
Mr. DROWN. That is a bill which will give
rise to a gieat deal of discussion. We have al-
ready devoted one day to it; u has not passed
either House, and it is very doubtful whether it
will get through at this session. There are bills
lying before us heie now of great importance to
the country and mimed late importance connected
with the wai; and 1 think it is an outiage upon
the condition of thr nation that weshouM devote
the last days of the session heie to ducussing
bills of this kind and of this character, in prefer-
ence to those of national importance that demand
our immediate attention^ I ti ust the Senate will
not take up a measure that is going to involve
us in another day of useless discussion.
Mr. CHANDLER. This bill will lead to no
discussion unless the same small, factious oppo-
sition appears that appealed when it was up be-
fore. The fi lends of the measuie have nothing
to say about it. It is a bill to surround the globe
with a telegraphic wire. 1 hold in my hand a dis-
patch from oui minister to Fiance relative to a
convention recently concluded at Palis in refer-
ence to a telegraphic hue from Africa to Brazil.
I will lead it to the Senate:
i'.vius, Af«y '20, 1831.
* Sir - X cut the annexed ?inn!l ?-lip tiom Gaiiguaiii. Ft
gives \ou. I piet-nme, (he i< -nil of the <.cmi!vieitcc held ui
l^uis "fc-oi.ie months a* to a miuheui Imo ol nunc
between the Kutopean and Ameiicun continent-;. 1 wiote
\ou ol tins coinejenee at the tune it a^emMed, struma the
fact th.it neither noi the United Statu* were in-
vited to take pat t in it.
I am, sit, your obedieutseivant, ,
WILLIAM L. DAYTON.
To his Excellency William II. £ew\rd, &c.
Copy of the slip.
"After conference? opened at the Ministiyof Foreign
Aff.uM for the establishment of an international teJegiapluc
hue, projected l)v M. Balestuni, between the Emopean
ciiiituieiit and Ametica, a convention on tbe subject was
yefteni.ij' signed bj- M. Droujn c!e l5Um^, the Brazilian,
Italian, and Porruauese numstuts, and the Ohaigc d'Af-
taiii's ol the icpniilic of Haj ti."
Those nations have deemed it of sufficient im-
portance to hold a convention by which they
pledge themselves to carry a telegraphic wire
aci oss the Mediterranean sea down th rough Africa
and thence across the Atlantic ocean by the islands
to Biazil, involving an expenditure of many mil-
lions. We have now presented to us an oppor-
tunity to have direct telegraphic communication
with all the civilized nations of the eaith, and
more, sir, for a telegraphic wire is already extended
into India; and at what cost? It is to cost us the use
of a ship-of-war to take soundings in the Pacific
oce.ui; it is to rost us in every fifteen miles the
line goes through the publicdomain a quarter sec-
tion of land that is to us entirely useless, or so
much of a quarter section as may be needed for the
establishment of stations by the-telegraph com-
pany, and then we prom'se to pay the company
the small sum of #50,000 a year for that amount
of service to the Government for ten years after
the line shall have been completed. And, sir, while
the nations are holding conventions and resolving
nationally to build a line from Europe to Africa
and thence to South America across the Atlantic,
we, the Senate of the United States, are higgling
about a small promise of $50,000 a year for ten
years after the line shall have been completed.
Sir, the friends of this bill have no remarks to
make upon it. No statesman will oppose if, and
I am astonished thatanyman representing com-
mercial State should oppose it. 1 am not surprised
that a noi th western man should oppose it. It is
of very little interest comparatively to the North-
west; it only ailVcts that great region in so far as
the national aspects of the question are concerned.
Sir, the fiiends of the bill ask for a vote upon it. If
its enemies see fit to consume the time of this body
atj they did on Saturday last, let them do it and
take the responsibility. 1 give notice that I will
antagonize this bill againstevery bill that comes
before the body until it is passed, 1 care not what
that bill may be. I simply ask for a vote on this
bill.
Mr. BROWN. I like the highway manner in
which the Senator demands" Your land and your
money or your life" of this Senate in behalf of
this corpouuion. Really, sir, it would seem as
if we had nothing else to do but to pour out the
public lands whenever any corporation comcs
forward here and demands them of us, as if we
had nothing else to do with the public money but
to answer the demands of every corporation that
comes and claims it at our hands. Is that the
spiut in which the Senatorcomes here and makes
this demand for a corporation which promises to
be the most remunerative one in the world ? Is that
the spirit, sir, in which he comes here and makes
this demand lot a corporation which, if I am cor-
rectly informed, is to be under the control of one
that now monopolizes the telegraphic communi-
cation across the continent,and is leaping aricher
harvest from it than any other corpoiation in the
United States? Is that the spirit, sir, ill which
he would come forward and make demands of
that sort and say tthat he will antagonize it to all
the business of this nation, he will antagonize it
to every measure of national importance, to the
war, to the finances, to everything that comcs up
here to save this nation in the hour of its peril?
Tlus giasping monopoly, this corporation will
come up and say, " Your money or your life,
sir." I have no other remark to make as to this
demand; Heave it to theSenate to determine now
whether they will act in accotdance with the be-
hest which has been given forth to them here this
morning. They, 1 suppose,understand theirduty,
and they can act upon it. 1 ask for the yeas and
rftiys on the proposition to postpone all other busi-
ness and take up this bill at the demand which
has been made m this style and in this spirit.
The yeas and nays were ordeied.
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 desire to say that if I
could have this 1 in'1 as a war measure in operation
to-day 1 should be willing to vote $5,000,000. One
single dispatch within the last three years would
have been worth more than ten million dollars to
this nation. When the Alabama was in the Chi-
nese seas suppose we could have telegraphed,
*' Keep your vessels in port, the Alabama is
around," how many millions would have been
saved to the commercial interests of this nation?
I therefore say that if I could have the line com-
pleted as a war measure I should be willing to vote,
and vote it as a matter of economy, $5,000,000.
Mr. MORRILL. I was not m the other day
when this bill was before the Senate, and I regret
that the bill should be likely to suffer any preju-
dice this morning in the impartial and lair con-
sideration of the Senate by the remark from the
honorable Senator fiom Missouri that the bill
should not stand in the way of measures which
are of public importance. The implication from
such a remark is very obvious, that this bill may
as well be considered at some other time as the
present.
Now,I can hat'dly conceivc that'this bill, \arhen
looked at in the spirit of candor, as the Senate
will of course examine it if it comes up, would be
likely to occupy the attention^ of the Senate for
any considerable length of time. The proposi-
tion is certainly a very simple one. I donot^u'p-
pose there is a Senator who does not approve of
the undertaking. I certainly need ftot'appeal to
the honorable Senator from Missouri, whose pub-
lic spirit is so well known. The enterprise of
constructing a telegraph around the globe cer-
tainly would commend itself, 1 think,, to every
intelligent gentleman in the country, and that is
this proposition,and it is nota thing—and this is
all 1 desire to say on taking the question up—that
may be acted upon now or next December with-
out prejudice to the public, it is a thing that the
circumstances of the case demand should be acted
upon now if you desire Jo secure the advantages,
which I think are of very great public importance,
which you may lose if you do not act upon it at
once. By the arrangements made'with the Rus-
sian Government it is necessary that the party
acting for the American interest should proceed
to secure the advantages of that contract, and act-
ually to commence the construction of this line
upon the Russian territory prior to June, 1865.
If this bill is postponed until December and then
not passed till late in the winter of 1865, it will be
seen at once that it will be entirely impracticable
to enter upon the construction of the work prior
to June, 1865, so as to secure absolutely the bene-
fits of this arrangements I think that of itself, if
the enterprise is considered laudable, desirable,
should induce the Senate to take up this measure
at the present monientand give it its piesent con-
sideration.
I hope, therefore, that my friend from Mis-
souri will not invoke the judgment of the Senate
against this bill in the first place as one of very
little moment. I appeal to the Senate that I can
hardly conceive of an object in its character more
grand than the one contemplated. That it is one
of immediate, pressing importance as applicable
to the passing events of the day, I do not mean
to argue; but it is important, nevertheless, on that
account. I say, therefore, that I hope the Senate
will not be prejudged against this bill, and will
not refuse to take it up on the statement that this
is a case which may be postponed, but that the
Senate will be disposed to allow it to come up for
consideration now.
Mr. WADE. 1 havesaidnothingonthissubjcct;
but I have not omitted to speak upon it because
I do not feel a very deep interest in the passage
of the bill. Iknowit has been hinted thatgentle-
men have been tampered with on this subject, but
1 can say that no person has approached me in
regard to it. I saw some years ago that the idea
of this greatand beneficial project of circumscrib-
ing the whole world and bringing us in telegraphic
communication with the nations was projected;
1 have watched its progress with a great deal of
interest, and without the least doubt that when it
should come before the Atnerican Congress for
our aid and support it would receive it without
argument. I had expected that those engaged in
this enterprise would ask of us as our fair pro-
portion toward it much more than they seem to
desire. The burden to be imposed upon us to
enable us to participate in this great and grand
measure is very light indeed; and 1 am entirely
unable to understand why it is that the proposition
has elicited so much feeling as has been mani-
fested in the Senate. 1 should be, exceedingly
loth to have it go to the eastern-continent that the
great American nation failed'to second this im-
portant movement, so beneficial to them, at least
as much so as to any other people in the world,
because they were so hard pressed with this war,
I do not feel that to be so. I know that the war
is a great burden to us; but a great and proud
nation should never bow its head, even before a
storm like this, and show to the world that it
does not feel competent lo take care of its own
concerns in a direction that will be so honorable
to it if it seconds the movement and so shameful .
if it refuses. Suppose we refuse to participate
and stop this gieat enterprise, how should any of (
us feel if we %vere to go to Europe and the tact
worn mentioned to us? ,
We are not asked to run any risk. We are
only called on for $50,000 a year, and we are not
to pay that until the line is in operation; there is
