122
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 7,
who is liable to service. You are to go into the
original act for the purpose of ascertaining who
is liable to service, and if you go to that act I sup-
pose it will be found that only those are to be
enrolled who are inhabitants or residents of the
locality where they are enrolled. For example,
the city of New "York has, perhaps, fifty or one
hundred thousand persons temporarily residents
of that city every day in the year. You would
not consider them as liable to military service
there. They belong to the different States or to
the other portions of the State of New York where
they reside. They have been enrolled in those
places, or ought to have been enrolled where they
respectively reside permanently. The Senator,
therefore, certainly does not suppose—at least 1
imagine so, and 1 submit to him that if he does
suppose so it is erroneous—that everybody who
happens to be in New York at the moment the
enrollment is made is to be enrolled as liable to
scrvicc in the city of New York. That cannot
be so. There must be a residence in order to cre-
ate the liability to service. But then, practically,
so far as naval men are concerned, every seaman
that goes into the port of New York, who enlists
there, is, if the bill passes in the form in which it
is now before the Senate, to be credited to the
city of New York, although he is not liable to
service under the original act.
Mr. HOWE. But the section as it now stands
declares that they shall be credited to the county,
town, or ward "in which such enlisted men
were." When? • When they were enlisted? I
take it so. " Were or may be enrolled."
Mr. JOHNSON. " Were enrolled," but they
are not enrolled.
Mr. IiOWE. u In which such enlisted men
were or may be enrolled and liable to duty." It
seemed to me (and that was the point which 1
wished to suggest to the Senate) that if we need
anything it must be something in this act to define
under what particular circumstances a man is
liable to be enrolled in any particular place. Hav-
ing had something to do with the draft that was
made under the authority of the States a yearago
last fall, it happened to me to know that these con-
tested cases frequently arose. A person under
peculiar circumstances would be enrolled in two
localities, and he would perhaps claim that he was
not liable to be em oiled in either. It seemed to me
very clear. In that case, inasmuch as the Govern-
ment did not want to have but one chance at him,
I held very promptly that he had the rightof elec-
tion, provided he exercised that right before the
draft was made. He might choose whether he
would stand the draft in one locality or the other.
It seems to me now that if the original law does
not define what sort of residence or what sort of
inhabitancy shall make a man liable to enrollment
in a particular locality, this bill ought to be so
amended as to do that, and then it accomplishes
the very object the Senator from Iowa has in view.
Mr. GRIMES. I think my object would be
accomplished if my amendment were adopted. I
believe the Senator from Maryland and the Sen-
ator from Maine agree with that; but it does not,
they say, exactly accomplish their object. I know
that we are legislating at this time to affect the peo-
ple who are exceedingly anxious to get men as sub-
stitutes into their service, who have even captured
colored men as they passed through their city in
order to credit them on the draft to the State of
New York and the city of New York. I know
that there are more than ten thousand men enlisted
every year into the naval service at the single port
of New York, and that more than one half of
them, according to the official returns, are not res-
idents of the city of New York at all, but are for-
eigners, who never have taken out naturalization
papers, natives and subjects of Ireland, Germany,
England, Scotland, Sweden, Denmark. But un-
der the operation of this bill as it now stands, un-
less it be amended, the bill giving to the author-
ities in the city of New York the power to amend
their enrollment whenever and however they see
fit by putting the names of any men that they
may find entered upon the ships' papers, we shall
have those ten thousand men credited to the city
of New York upon her quota, and they will con-
tinue to be credited just as often as the enlistments
in the naval service shall expire and the men from
the ships shall be discharged at the Brooklyn
'navy-yard and again rcenlistcd. Now, I submit
that that would not be just even to New England;
it would not be just to any portion of the country,
in my opinion; it certainly would not be just to
that portion which I represent. But I concur
with thesuggestion of the Scnatorfrom Maryland,
that this section be passed over for the present.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
can withdraw his amendment and offer it at an-
other time by leave of the Senate.
Mr. GRIMES. Very well, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment is withdrawn. The bill is still open to
amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have one or two slight
amendments to offer. In section one of the bill,
line four, I move to insert after the word " ne-
cessary" the words" during the present war,"so
as to confine the operation of the act to the pres-
ent war. It will then read:
That the President of the United States shall be author-
ized, wheucvoi he bhall deem it necessary during the pres-
ent war, to call for such number of men for the military
service of the United States as the public exigencies may
require, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. S.HERMAN. I move to add to section
four the following clause:
Any peison not physically disqualified, now in the mili-
tary service of the United States, may be I umishod as a sub-
stitute, provided his. toim of enlistment shall expire within
six months from the time of substitution.
There is some ambiguity in the section as it
stands. Is a person now m the military service
of the United States an " acceptable substitute?"
I should like to'have the opinion of the chair-
man of the Military Committee on that point.
Mr. WILSON. I think so; that is, within
the limitations of the Department. As I under-
stand, the War Office have authorized men who
have less than one year to serve to reenlist; they
may reenlist as anybody's substitute who chooses
to take them.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. As substitutes?
Mr. WILSON. In any way.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not understand it so.
Mr. SHERMAN. Under the operation of the
law as it stands, then, a veteran soldier who re-
ceives $402 bounty to-day, may, when this bill
takes effect as a law a month hence, be employed
as a substitute and icceive $1,000 bounty from
the person who thus employs him, and be trans-
fened ftom one regiment to another.
Mr. WILSON. No; he has reenhsted. I think
the Senator will find the position to be this: a per-
son in the service of the United States is not liable
to be drafted, and the Secretary of War has author-
ized persons in the service of the United States
who have less than one year to serve, to reenlist,
and has offered them a certain bounty for doing
so. They may rcenlistand take the bounty. Any
man who is drafted may reenlist one of them if
he chooses, as things are now. A man who is
drafted may get a substitute, and he has a right
to go to the Army and get a substitute there. It
is right that it should be so.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then suppose he is reen-
listed to-day; he is not subject to draft under the
operation of this law, and a month hence he may
be employed as a substitute.
Mr. WILSON. Oh, no; because then he has
three years to serve.
Mr. SHERMAN. But why? Nothing pre-
vents it but the regulations of the Secretary of
War, which may be changed or modified. It is
not the subject of legal regulation. I desire to
give to the veteran soldier the right to accept the
bounties that may be offered for substitutes, pro-
vided the term of his service which is unexpired
docs not exceed six months. It is of the highest
importance to secure the reenlistment of veteran
soldiers. We all admit that.
Mr. WILSON. Why not extend it to those
who have less than a year to serve, putting it on
the footing on which the regulations put it?
Mr. SHERMAN. If that modification is in-
sisted upon I shall not oppose it.
Mr. COWAN. The cffect of it would be to add
to the bounty a discharge for the time they have
to serve.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes; if a veteran reenlists he
is substantially discharged from present service.
Mr. COWAN. That had better be expressed.
Let it be stated distinctly that in addition to the
bounty they shall be released from the time they
have to serve.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Docs the Senator propose
not only to give them a bounty as substitutes, but
if they have eleven months to serve, thatthe eleven
months shall begiven up to enable them to become
substitutes?
Mr. SHERMAN. They will be mustered into
service for three years, instead of having only an
unexpired term of eleven months.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But they are mustered in
as substitutes, and although the Government has
a claim on them for eleven months, if you please,
still to serve, the Senator's proposed amendment
would authorize the veteran to clear himself of that
service, and receive his bounty as a substitute, and
take the place of somebody else.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is the cffect of the
present order of the Secretary of War.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I understand not.'
Mr. SHERMAN. The reenlistment com-
mences from the date of reenlistment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is true; but the or-
der does not allow him to become a substitute for
somebody else.
Mr. WILSON. Yes, it does.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Surely that cannot be.
Mr. WILSON. If Senators will allow me a
moment, I will state how this matter stands. The
Secretary of War has issued an order of which
every soldier in our Army who has served more
than two years has an opportunity to avail him-
self. That order allows reenlistments into the
service of the United States for three years.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Now, if the Senatorfrom
Massachusetts will allow me, I wish to ask him
a question right on that point. Can he enlist for
himself and enlist at the same time for another man,
so that two are no longer liable to be drafted ?
Mr. WILSON. I will answer the Senator; he
can. A citizen of any State who is liable to be
drafted may, by the existing law, get a substitute
anywhere in the broad earth, out of the Army,
or in the Army if the Government will allow the
man in the Army to reenlist. That is so to-day.
A man who is uiafted may say, " There is a man
from my town in the service of the United States
who has got less than one year to serve; the Gov-
ernmcntoffers him $400 to reC*nlist for three yeais,
and give* up the residue of his time; I will get this
man for a substitute; I will offer to him $,300 in
addition to what the Government offers him to
reenlist for three years;" and he is recnlisted.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Ho is not reenlisted for
that man.
Mr. WILSON. Yes, that man is discharged
because he has gotasubstitute. 1 say that is the
law, and it will be practiced the moment you com-
mence a draft, and it is right and just, and the
best thing there is about the draft.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is high time that any
such practice should be stopped. It deprives us
of two men.
Mr. HOWE. If the law is as the Senatorfrom
Massachusetts insists, I certainly do not under-
stand the fourth section of this bill. The fourth
section declares that "any person enrolled under
the provisions of the 4 Act for enrolling and call-
ing out the national forces, and for other pur-
poses,'approved March 3,1863, or who may here-
after be so enrolled, may furnish at any time an
acceptable substitute, who is not liable to draft.99
I do not understand that any man in the service
now, whether he has a year or a month to serve,
is liable to draft. If I am drafted I do notsec how
I can go and hire him to serve for me, and get
him accepted as my substitute.
Mr. WILSON. I will explain that. It is a
very plain question* Under the existing law, and
in that respect it will be precisely the same if this
amendatory bill shall be passed, when a man is
drafted he can obtain a substitute anywhere. He
can obtain a substitute who is liable to be drafted,
and have him accepted and put into the service of
the United States. This is a provision that stands
by itself; it is one that is now made for the first
time. It is, that any person who finds himself
enrolled, liable to be drafted, may, if he does not
select a person who is liable to be drafted, furnish
a substitute, and the Government agrees to accept
that substitute before the man is drafted. He fur-
nishes a substitute in order to relieve himself from
a possible draft, not from a real draft. That is
the whole meaning of the section.
Mr. COLLAMER. Then he furnishes a sub-
stitute for the enrollment, not for the draft—a sub-
! stitutc to be put on the roll m his place. Is that it?
