2144
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 6.
is aware that all the banking business of the
Northwest is do ire upon bills of exchange. The
wool clip of Michigan, the wheat crop of Mich-
igan, the hog crop of Iowa, are all purchased
wiih drafts drawn chiefly upon these three cities.
The wool clip is chiefly bought by drafts upon
Boston. I put in the three cities because it is con-
venient to the customer, to the broker, to the mer-
chant, to be enabled to purchase a draft upon
either one of these three places.
Mr. HENDERSON. The Senator means there-
by that the funds of the banks in these several
cities, and deposited in the city of New York, will
.be just as good as in their own vaults ?
Mr. CHANDLER. Better.
Mr. HENDERSON. That is just my idea,
and theieforc I want to make a clearing-house in
New York for all of them, and thereby we shall
have an infinitely better currency than otherwise.
Mr. CHANDLER. I am nottenacious about
retaining the three names, but I should prefer the
three, and it-will certainly be a very great con-
venience to the northwestern States.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore* Thequestion
is on the amendment of the Senator from Michi-
gan.
Mr. SHERMAN. On that amendment I ask
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to say a word be-
fore the question is put. The only object in mak-
ing these various centers of redemption is to ap-
proximate, as near as we can now, to a uniform
redemption in one place in the United States of
all bank bills. Under the present law a national
bank is only bound to redeem- at its counter.
Under this law you require of these banks to re-
deem at certain centers of redemption. That is
a great step forward. Finally, perhaps within
a very short time, I would require them to redeem
all their notes somewhere; whether in the city of
New York or not is another question; but in
some one place. I will tell the Senator from
Michigan, however, that I would not confer upon
the banks in these cities, the centers of redemp-
tion, the right to draw interest on the money
which they are bound at any time to pay out to
redeem the notes of the country banks. If this
piivilege is granted to the banks of these various
cities to deposit their money in the city of New
York we had better at once abandon this part of
the bill and go in for universal redemption at one
place, and that I think will be so burdensome to
the national hanks that they cannotcarry on their
business now when theie ate sixteen hunched lo-
cal banks scattered throughout the United States
that only redeem at their counters. If you re-
quire these national banks to redeem at par in the
city of New York, when there are sixteen hun-
dred State banks that are not bound to redeem
anywhere except at their own counters, you make
a discriminatiou against the national banks that
in my judgment will put an end to the system.
The very moment, however, that the State banks
go out of existence or are absorbed into the na-
tional system, as I verily believe they will be
in a year or so if we do not injure this bill by
amendments, I shall then be in favor of a uniform
• place of redemption. But atpresent we can only
approach it gradually, and I trust the Senatm
from Michigan, who is reaily a friend of thubill,
will not now cumber it with a provision that will
embarrass it and embarrass the friends of thebill.
We had better adhere to these places of redemp-
tion as they are fixed in the bill. We have se-
lected only several large cities. Let us commence
• and make a stop foi ward by reqttit ing all the local
banks to redeem at these centers of redemption.
Then next year, when we shall have dispensed
with the State bank currency, let us go a step for-
waid and require all these national banks to ie-
deem in the city of New York or wherever else
may be designated.
But why are certain particular points always
put forward? Why is Boston selected in this
amendment? There is more business done in
Cincinnati than in Boston; Cincinnati has a laiger
population, I think, than Boston; an immense
aggregate of business is collected there. Why
subordinate the large cities of the West, Cincin-
nati, Chicago, and St. Louis, to the cities of the I
eastern States? It may be necessary after a while
to have one place of redemption, but in my judg-
ment that place eventually will be the capital of i
the country, Washington, or wherever the politi-
cal capital of the country is. The accumulation
of large capitals and all the deposits of this coun-
try in the city of New York would be dangerous.
During the riots only last July the whole banks
of the city of New York were at the mercy of a
mob. I would not combine in any large city, at
present at least, all the circulation of the country.
It would be dangerous to do so in the present
condition of the country; arid it would be very
harsh on these national banks to require them to
redeem at par in New York at this time when
there are sixteen hundred rival banks running the
tilt with them which shall live and which shall
die. You have got to approach this question of
a general point of redemption gradually, and you
cannot do it more rapidly than we propose.
A year ago we passed a banking biM which re-
quired these banks to ledeem at their counters.
All the banks were rested upon the same basis,
rested on the same security—the bonds of the
United States. Now we make a step forward and
require them to redeem at six or eight large cities
of the Union. That is enough for the present
until they are freed from the competition of the
local banks. Then it will be soon enough to re-
quire them to redeem in one place—in the city of
New York, if that be the proper place. 1 trust,
therefoie, the Senator will not press this amend-
ment.
Mr. CHANDLER. All the noithwestern
banks practically redeem to-day in these three
large eastern cities.'
Mr. SHERMAN. At one per cent, discount.
Mr.CHANDLER. No, sir;at from one eighth
to one fourth of one per cent. 1 should be per-
fectly willing to adopt the Senator's idea of let-
ting them all redeem atone fourth of one per cent,
in the city of New York or any one of these east-
ern cities. I should be perfectly willing to accept
that to-day, and strike the others out. But this
seems to have been adopted as the best system
for the present, and if it is to stand as it now is, I
have no doubt that a yeai hence, or tw-o years
hence perhaps, we shall be ready to permit all
these banks to redeem in New York atone fourth
or one eighth of one percent, oi whatever the cost
of sending their bills there may be; but at present
all the banks of the country redeem in these great
cities. Why compel a bank m Detroit or m Chi-
cago, which perhaps is not called upon, i was go-
ing to say, ten times a year for redemption in any-
thing else except exchange on the East, to keep on
hand this large amount of notes which is not
wanted and cannot be used theie ? It looks to me
like a liai dship. i hope the Senate will adopt my
amendment. I know all the bankers of the West
have united m this request, and 1 tiust it will be
granted.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 have not had as much ex-
perience of banking as the Senator from Ohio or
the Senator from Michigan; but what littleexpe-
lieuce I have had has taught me to believe that
this would be a boon to the national banks that
may be established in my State and in a!i that
region of country. What they would desire over
and above everything else is, to be permitted to
redeem their bills in one of these eastern cities,
because exchange always flows m their favor
upon these eastern elites, against which they
want to draw, if they can be peimitted to re-
deem there, you will strengthen the bankx and
strengthen the system that you propose to estab-
lish. Besides, it will make the system popular
with the people if you allow them to redeem in
the eastern cities, say atone fifth of one percent.,
and that would be a bonus to the banks, because
there never has been a time, in the history of my
State at any late, w hen any bank t't.ete could not
moie easily have redeemed its bills in the city of
New T?ork or the city of Boston than it could over
its own counter; and for the sake of having the
thing uniform and satisfactory to all parties, 1
should be willing to vote for allowing ail these
banks to charge one fifth of one per cent, and
compel them to redeem in the cities of Boston,
New York, and Philadelphia. The leason why I
would insert Philadelphia'and Boston in addition
to New York is because there is not any very
great material difieience between the latea of ex-
change on those different points, and because then
you give all these banks an opportunity to select
in which of these particular localities they will
keep their deposits.
What the Senatorfrom Michigan has just said,
that all the banks in the West now and for a num-
ber of years have practically made all their re-
demptions in these eastern cities, is I think true
according to my own observation. They do not
pay out gold and silver when their bills are pre-
sented to them, but they pay out biHs on New
Yoik, or Boston, or Philadelphia. That is the
way our business is transacted. If we can reduce
the number of points of redemption to three, and
allow the banks that have been or will be estab-
lished under this act to chargeone fifthofoneper
cent, for redeeming their bills in either of these
eastern cities, I think we shall remove a great
many obstacles in the way of the strength and pop-
ularity and efficiency of this act and of this bank-
ing system.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is another objection
to this proposition besides that which I stated
before, which I will mention now. The matter
has been thoroughly considered. The express
charge from the State of the Senator from Iowa,
from the town of Des Moines, for instance, to
New York, is very different from the express
charge from Buffalo or New England. What
equality or justice isthere in establishing the same
rate of exchange? You cannot do it. The rate
of exchange from Cincinnati on New York is
very different from the rate from Chicago on New
York, and so of St. Louis and other points. You
cannot make a fixed standard of exchange. You
may destroy this system and prevent banks be-
ing organized west of the city of Buffalo,by put-
ting it at one fifth of one per cent., because at that
rate they cannotpay the express charge. It seems
to me that now we ought to establish this system
of several centers of redemption which will nnally
assimilate itself and lead to having one common
center of redemption, after a while, at regulated
rates of exchange, that will be varied according
to the geographical position of the banks. From
Iowa it will be a little more, and from Ohio a little
less. One fourth of one per cent, may be suffi-
cient in Ohio, while it might require one half ot
one per cent, in Iowa. We'have.not now the
means of ascertaining the precise value and rate
of exchange. U varies from year to year, and
time to time, and place to place. You cannot by
arbitrary legislation fix any specific rate of ex-
change.
Mr. GRIMES. I will not say that the argu-
ment of the Senator from Ohio would justify me
in the conclusion that he was looking after the
interests of the banks rather than the interests of
the bill-holders, but some might draw that con-
clusion from what he has said. I said that the
western banks can redeem more easily in the East
than they can anywhere else; and why? Not be-
cause it would be easy for them to send their bank
bills to New Yoik to be converted, but because
exchange is constantly making in their favor
against New York, and all the expense of trans-
porting that exchange will be the three cent post-
age stamps upon the letter that sends it. How
is it with the men who hold the bills? There is
a bank in my town, and its place of redemption
is m Louisville, a place with which we have no
inteicourse whatever. Does the Senator expect
of a private individual who holds $500 of the bills
of that bank redeemable in Louisville that he will
be at the expense of traveling all the way down
there ? If he does not he is to be at the expense
of forwarding his notes by express. Who is in-
jured by that? Is it the bank? Surely not. The
hank would not be injuted in either case, but the
individual who holds the bills is injured to the
extent that he has to pay the express charges.
Now, sir, we relieve all these people from any
expense, relieve both the bank and private indi-
viduals liom the expense of express charges,
whenever we pass the proposition to make these
banks redeem in either one of these three eastern
cities. Just take the case that I have already par-
tially put. A bank in my town, instead of re-
deeming over its own counter, ledeems in Louis-
ville. 1 have §1,000 of its bills and I want to get
eastern exchange. I have got to go to a broker
arid get my notes changed in order to get n check
on Louisville; and I have to pay the difference of
exchange between the place where i live and Lou-
isville; and there being no intercourse between
the two places, I am charged a pretty round fig-
ure. Then when my exchange goes to Louisville
I am there compelled to buy a bill on New York,
