1170,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 17,
the jwlges of the several Territories of the United
States. " ., . , ,
The,bill was read. It provides that the annual
salary of the chief justice and associate justices
of each of the Territories of the United States shall
be equalized, by taking the gross amount paid
annually, to each of the judges in the organized
Territories and dividing the sum thus obtained
by the number of Territories, and the dividend,
whatever it may be, from and after the expira-
tion of the present fiscal year, shall be the salary
to be paid to each of the judges of the United
States Territories.
Mr. STEYENS. 1 would like to ask the gen-
tleman what the effect of this bill will be upon the
present salaries of these judges?
Mr. ASHLEY. It equalizes them.
Mr. STEYENS. Does it equalize them down
or up? [Laughter.]
Mr. ASHLEY. It equalizes them ; but it nei-
ther increases nor diminishes the gross amount.
Mr. STEVENS. Then it must reduce some.
Mr. ASHLEY. Yes, sir.
Mr. STEVENS. Who do you take off from ?
Mr. BENNET. I will state, if the gentleman
from Ohio will permit me, that in three of the Ter-
ritories—Nevada, Colorado, and Dakota—the sal-
aries of the judges arc $1,800 each. In the other
Territories the salaries are $2,500 each. In the
three Territories first named the judges have a
large amount of business to do, and especially in
Nevada and Colorado, which are mining coun-
tries. The object of the bill is not to increase the
gross amount of money drawn from the Treasury
to pay the territorial judges, but to equalize the
salaries to perhaps §2,200 to each judge.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 would ask whether it is
intended to reduce the salaries of the judges now
appointed ?
Mr. ASHLEY. After the expiration of this
fiscal year.
Mr. STEVENS. I think we had better let this
bill lie over and soak a little. [Laughter.] It is
a profligate bill.
Mr. ASHLEY. I withdraw the report.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS IN THIS THR1UTOUIHS.
Mr. R.ICE, of Maine, from the Committee on
Territories, reported a bill making appropriations
for public buildings in the Territories of Colorado,
Nevada, Dulcota, Idaho, Arizona, and Montana,
and^ for other purposes; which was read a first
and second time by its title.
Mr. BOLIVIAN. I rise to a question of order.
This bill seems to make large appropriation.1", and
must be first considered in a Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. 1 do not pioposq to con-
sider it in the House. I move that it be refeired
to the Committee of the Whole on the state ot the
Union.
Mr. WASHBTJRNE, of Illinois. I wish to
ask a single question. I see that in these piovis-
ions for publiebmldiiigsnoappropriation is made
for a penitentiary in Nebraska, i desire to know
why-Nebraska is left out.
Mr. STEVENS. Why, I understand that
Nebraska is a State.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. Not yet.
Mr. STEVENS. I thought we had just made
H State out of it.
Mr I? ICE, of Maine. The bill for that pur-
pose has not yet become a law. If my amend-
ment is deemed necessary to the bill to piovidc
for Nebraska the bill can be so amended m com-
mittee.
Mr. WASHBTJRNE, of Illinois. It will be
recollected,that an appiopriation was voted in m
committee for a peniU'iiiiury m Nebraska, but the i
House rejected that amendment. !
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state for the
information of the Committee on Ten-Holies that
if the hill be referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union it will be a spe?
eial order for to-day, but if it is not disposed of
to-day it will lose its position as a special order.
Mr. RICE,of Maine. I understand tlmt. Ido
not, however, expect to dispose of the bill to-day.
i propose to allow discussion upon it, and when
we come bach m the House 1 wiil then ask that
it be assigned as a special order for three weeks
from to-day. I move now that the bill be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. 1 now move that the
bill be referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I move that the rules
be-suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
theUnion.
The motion was agreed to.
So'the rules were suspended; and the House
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Perry in the
chair,) and proceeded to the consideration of the
bill just referred to the committee making certain
territorial appropriations.
The first reading of the bill was dispensed with.
Mr. KINNEY. Mr. Chairman, Delegates are
to a great extent dependent upon the coui tesy and
liberality of the House for such legislation as their
Territories require. With no vote in this body,
with no one in the other branch of the national
Congress directly interested in measures of legis-
lation affecting the welfare of their people, we
look to you with a feeling and hope not-unlike
that which actuates the child when addressing the
parent, asking for food and clothing for the nour-
ishment and protection of the body. Indeed, sir,
the relation of the Territory to the parent Gov-
ernment may not inaptly be compared to that ex-
isting between the child and a parent. You, sir,
breathed us into existence; by your legislation
were we created; by your bestowments do we
as an organization maintain our territorial gov-
ernment. The Federal Government, as our pre-
siding head, appoints our officers and appro-
priates the money for paying our executive, legis-
lative, and judicial expenses. All this, yea, more,
kindness, attention to, and respect for our lesser
wants, are all due from the parent Government
during our minority.
But, Mr. Chairman, as the child growing into
manhood naturally feels restive under lestraint,
humiliated by control, desiring to be freed from
servient obligation, and lo exchange it for the full
liberty of noble, dignified manhood, so with Ter-
ritories; after passing thiough the lestraints of
youth and m living at the full status of State man-
hood, they naturally long for the liberty, the in-
dependence, and blessings which alone are to be
found in pioviduig for their own wants and main-
taining their own existence.
Uutjsir,territorial relation is unlike that of the
child in this: there isno prescribed time of service
due lo the parent Government. While the son, at
the age of eighteen years, may be physically and
men tally qualified foi the stern duties of life, he still
owes allegiance to the parent, uutii he attains the
mature age uf " twenty-one." Not so with the
Tei 1 itoi y. No time is fixed, either by the Consti-
tution or law or by any w ell-settled rule, when the
relation of terntni'ial dependence shall cease and
that of State manhood commence. Depravity and
cnnie have made it necessary to orduitl govern-
ments, enact, administer, and enforce law, that
the guilty may be puiuslu d and thereby the inno-
cent protected. Experience, however, has proved
that a republican Government, securing to the
people the largest passible amouhtol liberty con-
sistent with protection to liie, liberty, and prop-
erty, is better adapted to the wants, prosperity,
and happiness of man, than any other that has
ever been devised. Such a Government did our
fathers ordain fur us, and it is to be fervently
hoped that summary and retributive punishment
will speedily overtake those who are endeavoring
to destroy it.
But, Mr. Chaiiman, it has w.ell been questioned
whether a territorial form of government, such as
now exists, is consistent with the principles of our
republican Government as established under the
Federal Constitution. With becoming deference
to the opinions of others, and in a spirit of inquiiy
which only seeks to expose the true character of
these governments with a view to change,! may
be permitted to examine them by the lights which
the history of the eountiy and the principles of
the Constitution afford.
The rule among jurists in construing junior
by the subsequent statute? ^ Let us apply this rule
in construing our Constitution or form of Federal
Government. What, then, was the old law under
the colmiiai government? 1 answer,taxation with-
out representation and theappointment of officers
to rule over the people without their consent.
What was the mischief complained of? Sim-
ply the oppressive and despotic tendency of such
unjust laws, the enactment by the British Parlia-
ment of statutes for the government of the colo-
nies without allowing them either voice or vote
in the forum enunciating the law, and theappoint-
ment of men to office in the colonies from^ Great
Britain who had no interest in common with the
people.
Mr. Chairman, the war of the Revolution was
fought to get rid of this kind of government im-
posed upon the colonies, to destroy the divine right
of kings to rule over the people without their
consent, to establish free government, with tax-
ation and representation inseparably united, and
to give the people (the source of power) the right
to choose their ow.n officers, especially those in-
trusted with the law-making power. This, I re-
peat, was the remedy intended for the mischief,
under the old regime, by the fathers of the Revo-
lution. The appeal to the God of battles was not
in vain. The weaker became the stronger party.
The divine right of mail to govern himself tii-
umphed; and our republican Government was
established, the Federal Constitution wasadopted,
an elective Congress created, but clothed with
certain well-defined powers, and prohibited from
the exercise of any but those that were delegated.
In looking into the Constitution, however, we
find no express power conferred upon Congress to
organize territorial governments. As Congress
derives all of its powers from the Constitution, it
follows, as a necessary sequence, that it must be
confined in its legislation to the exercise of only
such as arc therein enumerated. But it has been
said that the power lurks in the second section of
the fourth article of the Constitution':
"The Congiess Meil] have power to dispose of and make
all needful rules ami regulations icspeermg the tenitoivor
oibei piopt'rty belonging to the United States."
By this section Congress may do two things:
first, dispose of the teiritory, that is, the land,
alienate the title to the soil; second, make need-
ful rules and regulations respecting the territory,
the land, the timber, the manner of alienation.
I believe in no place else in the Constitution is the
word " territory" used. Here it is used as prop-
erty, clearly so, as the words " other property,"
immediately folio wing, detei mine its signification,
and force the mind to the conclusion that it was
intended in that sense, and in that sense alone.
Territorial governments are the " rules and regu-
lations" for the people,and not for the territory;
and as the people arc not property, you cannot
rely upon this clause in the Constitution as the
basis of the power for their government.
But it is said that with the right to acquire is
coupled the right to govern. This is true when
applied m a military sense; but how can it be true
in a legislative sense, providing Congress derives
all of its authority fiom the enumerated powers
of the Constitution, and providing the power to
govern by the formation of territorial govern-
ments is nowhere conferred3
Tim first section of the first article of the Con-
stitution is as follows:
"All legislative power? lirrein granted slinli be vested in
a Consul of th'"1 United .States, which shall consist of a
Senate; and Ilou^e of Representatives."
The words " herein granted" confine Congress
in its legislation within the scope of the specified
powers therein expressed. But not to dwell; grant
that the power is derived fVom the Constitution,
it follows that your territorial courts, created by-
act of Congress, based upon the Constitution,
should he organized as provided in the first sec-
tion of the third article. It reads as follows:
"The judicial power of the Uu^d States shall be v<Med
m one supreme Couit and such niiouor courts asllie Con-
may U'otn tuno to tiuiu oidaiu and o->ljhh-.h. The
judges both ot tiic Miptonic and imWior courts shall bold
"their offices diuiuir good beliawoi/'
Congress derives its power to establish inferior
courts ftom a clause in the eighth scction of the
first article, among the enumerated poweis, to wit:
" to constitute tubunals infurioi to the Supreme
Com t;" but section one of the third article above
cited, vests the judicial power of the United States
in the supreme and such inferior courts as Con-
gress may ordain nnd establish, and the judges
thereof shall hold their offices during good beha-
vior. All territorial courts established by Con-
gress are United States courts. The judicial power
