2146
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 6,
recommitted; and I move that it be recommitted
to the Committee on Commerce. It is now in-
congruous, and it is not possible to pass it in this'
shape. Some twenty or thirty amendments will
have to bo made in consequence of the change
last made, and I think it ought to be recommitted
at once; but I shall not press the motion unless
Senators think it necessary.
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 ask for the vote on this
amendment, and then I shall consent to the re-
committal.
Mr. SHERMAN. The basis of the bill is
changed, and, as a matter of course, it ought to be
recommitted. I do not wish to have anything to
do with it in its present incongruous shape. I
will not make the motion to recommit at present,
however.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I voted for the amend-
ment of the Senator from Michigan, supposing
that it compelled them to redeem in one of the
three cities named.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will put in "shall" in-
stead of M may."
Mr. FESSENDEN. Otherwise I would vote
against it. The mere giving them the privilege to
do it amounts to nothing. The object is to com-
pel them to redeem.
Mr. CHANDLER. Thatwould suitmebetter.
Put in " shall" instead of " may."
Mr. POMEROY. " Each association shall se-
lect," is the language of the bill now.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is that compulsory ? It
must be so arranged or 1 will not vote for it.
Mr. JOB NSON. I ask for the reading of the
bill as it will stand if amended as it is proposed
to be amended.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will modify it by strik-
ing out ""will" and inserting t( shall."
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Poster.)
The amendment as modified will be read.
The Secretary read theamendment as modified,
which was in section thirty-two, line five, after
the word " par," to insert:
Or an association in either of the cities named in the
ptvcedrng: >(*otiou at winch it shali icdeem its circulating
note-* at a discount not exceeding one quarter ol one per
cctit.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire to offer an
amendment in section twenty-two, line three, after
the word t(cxceed"tostrikeout "$300,000,000,"
and in lieu thereof insertil the amount authorized
to be issued by the Comptroller to banks already
created."
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask the moverof the amend-
ment what is the amount of circulation already
issued ?
Mr. HENDERSON. The amount, as I un-
derstand, issued to banks already organized is
about thirty-two million dollars. I do'not 'rec-
ollect the amount of bonds positively; I cannot
tell that.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the Senator from Ma-
ryland will allow me, I believe I can answer his
question precisely, for I have the evidence in my
hand on that subject.
Mr. HENDERSON. What is the numberof
bonds filed ?
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. 1 have a letter from ihn
Comptroller of the Currency stating that the
amount of bonds actually deposited to secure cir-
culation u j) to this date—that is, May 4, 1864—is
$32,555,100; circulation to be issued theiefor,
$29,299,590; circulation actually issued to-day,
819,046,930: circulation yet to be issued, §10'.-
252,640.
Mr. JOHNSON. I understand it. The effect
of the amendmant if adopted is to stop the sys-
tem wheie it is; that we can only have $32,000,000
of circulation under this bill.
Mr. HENDERSON, Yes, sir; that is what I
mean by it.
Mr. JOHNSON. The effect of that will be to
arrest tins whole measure practically, provided it
be true, as I suppose it is admittetf, that if this
national circulation is to exist it should be coex-
tensive with the wants of the community.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, I offered
or rather gave notice that I should offer an amend-
ment bearing on the same point involved m this
amendment, with certain provisions which would
allow the amount of national currency to be in-
creased almost to $300,000,000, the limit fixed in
this bill. This amendment of the Senator from
Missouri, raising the issue, is good so* far as it
goes; but as n seems to me does not cover the
whole issue. As this question is now up, and
the principles involved in my proposed amend-
ment are directly brought in issue, I will briefly
call the attention of the Senate to its provisions.
I regard it of the greatest importance. In my
opinion it reaches and resolves the greatest finan-
cial issue of the hour—the currency question.
The first purpose of it is to stop the swelling
of the volume of paper money by any means
whatever, whether by means of State banks or
by means of national banks or by the Govern-
ment of the United States itself. The foundation
of all of our financial difficulties, so far as cur-
rency and the price of gold are concerned, is the
fact that we have already too much paper money.
When we issued Treasury notes and made them
legal tender, as a matter of course they went into
circulation as money. We did not restrain the
Statu banks already in exjste«ce from going on
and issuing, reissuing, and increasing their cir-
culation as they pleased. The bill before the
Senate, as it stands, authorizes the creation of
banks with power to issue $300,000,000 more.
What is the true state of the currency ? When
we issued our Treasury notes there were in cir-
culation already about one hundted and sixty or
one hundred and seventy million dollars of paper
money issued by State banks, and about one hun-
dred or one hundred and twenty-five million dol-
lars in gold, making as the actual currency of the
country circulating as money about $275,000,000;
in round numbers say $300,000,000 of currency.
In this cbndition of things the Government of the
United States began to issue Treasury notes.
They at once entered into circulation as money.
They became the most favored and popular of all
the paper money of the country. This added
nearly if not quite $500,000,000 more; I believe
a little over that sum, including the interest-bear-
ing notes, which also circulate as money. Thus
we have raised up the paper and gold circulation
from $300,000,000 to about $800,000,000, which
is now in round numbers the actual amount of
the circulation of the country; and now, by this
bill as it stands, it is proposed to authorize the
creation of banking associations, based upon the
bonds of the Government, with power to issue
$300,000,000 more, as much more as constituted
our whole circulation at the beginning of this war,
which will swell the volume of our circulating
medium to the enormous figure of $1,100,000,000.
With such a volume of paper money gold will
go above two hundred per cent., or rather a paper
money dollar will sink below fifty cents of con-
stitutional currency, of the money of the world.
Giving to this subject the best thought of which
I am capable, I have come to certain conclusions
in my own mind which 1 do not propose to ai-
gue at length, but to state briefly to the Senate for
the consideration of men much abler than myself.
The first question, the one before all others, the
one to which every mind should be directed first
and constantly in resolving this currency ques-
tion is, to stop the making of another paper dol-
lar in any form or by anybody unless it is made
to take the place of some other paper money now
actually in circulation. I am not unfriendly to
the system so much desired by the Secretary of
the Treasury with this limitation. 1 therefoie
have no objection to allow the State banks to
draw in and cancel their present circulation and
to enter into associations under this banking law
and issue this national currency to take the place
of their own circulation now existing; but to au-
thorize the creation of this amount of new national
currency in addition to the State bank currency,
and in addition to the Treasury notes—the green-
backs—which we have put m circulation, would
be, in my judgment, little short of madness. We
must grasp the whole question at the same time.
1 have not a doubt that unless we put some re-
straint upon the amountofcirculation to be issued
by State banks and by these national associations
we shall carry up the price of gold to 200, and
when we do that we may expect such a financial
revulsion as we have never seen in this country. I
Mr. POMEROY. I should like to inquire of :
the Senator if he means to say that he would
never make another paper dollar in all time to
come? Suppose our population increases to one
hundred million, would he never issue any more
paper money ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I am speaking of the state
of things now, with gold at 180, and with a circu-
lating medium, as I have already shown, of about
$800,000,000. I say it would be financial mad-
ness to make more paper money and put it in
circulation and not expect to increase the price of
gold. We can no more do it than we can reverse
the laws of nature. The laws of trade, the laws
of supply and demand, the laws of currency will
control, and legislation cannot prevent it.
Mr. POMEROY. I simply asked if the Sen-
ator would never make another paper dollar?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Well, sir, if I am here a
hundred years hence, or when our population is
oneiiundred million, and I should then be called
upon to legislate on that subject, I will answer
my honorable friend's question. But now I am
legislating for this day and this hour. I do not
say what we should do when we have a popula-
tion of one hundredmillion. If I liveatthat day
and have an opportunity to say anything on the
subject, I will try and meet the crisis then. What
I want to meet now is the crisis of the present
hour.
For the purpose of giving expression to my
ideas on this subject, 1 propose, first, that there
shall be no more paper money made which can
swell the volume now actually existing 
Mr. POWELL. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have no objection.
Mr. POWELL. I- merely wish to know if I un-
derstood the Senator to state we hajl $800,^00,000
of paper money in circulation. I did not think
it was so great.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I did not say #800,000,000
of paper money. My computation was this:
There was from $175,000,000 to §200,000,000 of
paper money in circulation when these difficulties
began; then there has been, as I understand, about
$500,000,000 of paper ci-culatton which the Gov-
ernment itself has issued; and that, in addition
to the gold which was in circulation, made the
amount of money in circulation in the country
about $800,000,000.
Mr. POWELL. I think the Senator is very
nearly accurate. I have a tabular statement here
which shows that, including the certificates of in-
debtedness, it is $779,000,682 22,
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I am not undertaking to
state-the precise figures. I am stating in round
numbers, and, as I understand the real state of
the currency of the country, I am stating it very
nearly when I say that, including what gold there
is in circulation in the country and what paper
there is in circulation, there is about $800,000,000.
That constitutes the volume of the" circulation of
the country at the present time.
Mr. POWELL. Do you include in that the
ciiculation of the local banks?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Yes, sir. '
Mr. POWELL. Then it will amount to
$1,000,000,000.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I think the Senator is
mistaken in that, because the circulation of the lo-
cal banks has never exceeded about $200,000,000.
Mr. WILSON. I understand it is about
$238,000,000.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Perhaps the Senator from
Massachusetts may be correct when he says the
amount of paper circulation of the State banks
has gone up to $238,000,000. Butat^he time our
difficulties commenced, on the 1st of January,
1861, the circulation of the State banks was
$202,000,000, and on the 1st January, 1862,
$183,000,000. In consequence of the troubled
state of the times, there was a contraction of the
circulating medium of the banks, reducing the
amount of banking circulation to $183,000,000 on
the 1st of January, 1862, as I see by reference to
the National Almanac, which has a tabular state-
ment on that subject.
Mr. POMEROY. The statement of 1861 in-
cluded the southern banSs.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. That might have made a
difference.
Now, Mr. President, when gentlemen say that
it is owing to the expansion of the currency by
the State banks that gold has gone up to 180, it is,
as it seems to me, the greatest mistake in the
world. The whole amount of the expansion by
the State banks has been at the outside but about
thirty or thirty-five millions, while thy Govern-
ment has expanded the currency by $500,000,000.
