1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2147
What is the §35,000,000 of inflation by Lite State
banks compared with the $500,000,000 we have
poured into the volume of circulation in the shape
of greenbacks? Men are utterly mistaken when
they attribute the rise of prices and the rise of
gold to an increase of the paper currency by the
State banks. It is true, as was stated by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner] yester-
day, that in New England, New York, Pennsyl-
vania, and New Jersey they have swelled the
paper circulation. His statement showed that
there was an increase in the circulation of the
banks of New York, Pennsylvania, and New
Jersey from 1862 to 1863 of from §50,000,000 to
$75,000,000, and in the New England States from
$39,000,000 to $65,000,000. But it will be remem-
bered that in 1862 there had been a very material
contraction of the currency in those States, and
the amount of paper in circulation in 1862 was
not near as much as it was in 1861, while at the
West the State bank circulation has been largely
decreased. Upon the whole, therefore, the swell-
ing of the volumeof the paper currency has been
but slightly affected I3y what the State banks
have added to that circulation.
But, sir, I agree that the Slate banks ought not
to have swelled the volume of circulation at all.
I for one believed at the time we passed the law
to issue Treasury notes that we ought then to
have exercised the power of restraining the State
banks from increasing their circulation. I ad-
vocated such a proposition then in the Senate,
but it did not prevail, and the State banks have to
some extent increased their circulation and some
have done so enormously. 1 desire to provide not
only against any further increase, but to compel
the State banks to reduce the amount of their cir-
culation within some reasonable limits as near as
may be to the amount of their actual cash capital
paid in. The precise figure I will not state, for
I do not undertake from any practical knowledge
of banking to state the precise sum to which it
should be brought down. The opinion of my
friend from Michigan [Mr. Chandler] would'bc
worth much more than mine upon that.
Mr. WILSON. Why should they not be put
on the same footing as those national banks, and
confined to a circulation of ninety per cf nt. of
their capital stock?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Perhaps that would be the
true limit, as suggested by the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts.
There are three systems of paper banking.
There is the system of New England, Pennsyl-
vania, and New Jersey, where the State Legisla-
ture authorizes them to organize banking institu-
tions and to pay in their capita! and then com-
mence doing business with permission to issue
notes. In some of the States they are allowed
to issue twice theamountof their capital; in some
two and a half times the amount of their capital;
and in some States I believe even three times the
amountof the capital actually paid in. Then there
is the free banking system of New York, which
prevails-to a considerable extent in the western
States; and that is, that upon the stocks of the
United States or the stocks of the State where the
banks are located, associations may be formed,
and by depositing those stocks with the comp-
trollers of the several States they are permitted to
issue circulation to theamountof ninety percent,
of the stock thus deposited. The banks of these
States have been unable to swell the volume of
their circulation because the laws of the States
would not allow them to do it; their own laws re-
quiring them to secure their circulation by the de-
posit of stocks uf the United States or of the States
where the banks are located. Then there is this
third system of national banking, a system notof
monopoly, but of free banking under the laws of
the United States, based upon Government secur-
ities. These three systems are m operation,and
we must see them all and have reference to them
all in our legislation upon this subject. The
amendment which I desire to have adopted, and
which bearson the same point to which the amend-
ment of the Senator from Missouii is dnected, and
which at the same time recognizes these three sys-
tems, and without aiming to destroy either would
master and regulate them all in this crisis, is in
these words:
8kc. —. be it fuithcr cnac&d, That fiom awl after
the passage of thi* act no person, banker, hanking asso-
ciation, oi banking or othei corporation shall make, issue,
or tn^sue any lulN, notes, or certificates of any kind or
denomination whatever designed to circulate as money;
winch at the passage of this act .-hall not bo actually is-
sued and in circulation as money under the laws of the
United States oi of the seveiai States., unless the &aid pei-
6>on, banket, hanking association, or eoiporation shall re-
deem the same at its place of business in gold and silver
coin on demand.
Before reading the provisos which quaiifythis
general provision, I will remark that this would
stop the swelling of the paper volume, anid any
further expansion of circulation by any bank or
banker in the existing state of things, by new
issues or by reissues.
It applies to all new banks which may be or-
ganized under thelaws of the States, if any as-
sociations sot already in existence form them-
selves into banking companies-to issue notes to
circulate as money they are to redeem those notes
m gold and silver coin. Then I would have no
objection to such companies being formed; and
the more the better perhaps for the country. 1
now read the provisos:
Provided, That nothing herein contained shall be eon-
stiued to prohibit those associations winch have become
duly oiganized under the provisions of an act to provide
for a national cm tency secured by a pledge of United States
stocks, and to provide for the circulation and redemption
thereof, approved Feb) nary '25, 1863, and shall have ti a lis-
ten cd aiul delivered to the'Tteasuter of the Ignited States
the bonds of the United Stares, under the provisions of the
fifteenth and sixteenth sections of said act, fiom leceivmg
the cuircncy to which they have become entitled, and from
putting the same into circulation as money under the pro
visions of said act.
The purpose of this is to keep faith with these
associations; to allow those persons who, on the
faith of the legislation of the last Congress, have
organized themselves into associations, and de-
posited their securities and become entitled to this
national currency, to receive it at the hands of the
Government and put it in circulation. The whole
amount to be put in circulation under that provis-
ion as it stands would be the sum of $29,229,590,
as appears by a letter I have received from the
Comptroller. But, sir, the second proviso of that
amendment, and that perhaps is the mostimporK
ant, is m these words:
Jlnd provided further, That nothing heroin contained
shall be eonsuued to prohibit any existing banker, bank,
banking association, or coipotation existing under the Jaws
of any ^tate, and having note*, bills, or certificates in cir-
culation as money,from oiganizing themselves into bank-
ing associations under the said act of Oongicss and acts
amendatoiy the.ieto; arid in case ot such oig.mization,and
upon complying with the provisions of said act, they shall
be entitled 10 icceive and put inio circulation, of the na-
tional ounency ptovided form said act, an amount equal
to the amountof ihe notes bills, oi ceitilieates ot said bank
in circulation, which shalHie fiom time to time withdrawn
fiom < nculation, redeemed, and canceled, not exceeding
the amount of its capital stock.
Theeflecl would be this: by allowing the State
banks as they now exist to withdraw thoir cir-
culation and to comc in under the provisions of
this national banking law, it would authorize the
amount of currency to be issued under this act to
reach probably$250,000,0U0. The Senatorfrom
Massachusetts states that the amount in circula-
tion by the State banks is $238,000,000.
Mr. HARRIS. One hundred and sixty mil-
lion dollars.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I understood the Senator
from Massachusetts to state that the amount of
paper circulation of the State banks is about
$238,000,000.
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Senatorfrom New
Yoi k says it is only *£160,000,000. 1 will not de-
cide between these dilferent statements, because
I have not the documents before me to show the
exact amount.
Mr. 1-J ENDERSON. The hank circulation m
the loyal States now does notexceed $168,000,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is about $J70,000,000.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The honoiable Senator
from Maine, the chairman of the Committee on
Finance, whose attention has been particularly
called to tins question, states that the amount is
about $170,000,000.
Mr. FESSENDI3N. In that neighborhood.
Mr. HENDERSON. It has been much re-
duced within the last few months.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The effect of this pro-
viso, and herein it differs from the amendment
of the Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Henderson,]
would be that national currency might reach the
sum of about $200,000,000, the $170,000,000 to
take the place of so much State bank currency
now in circulation and the $29,299,590 which the
Comptroller informs me by his letter of the <4tti
of May the associations under this "law already
made are entitled to receive. The good faith of
the Government has been given to the men who
have organized these associations and deposited
their securities. We cannot nowrefuse to carry'
out on our part that good faith andallow them to
go on.
The whole effect of the adoption of this iirst
section of the amendment that I propose would
be to prevent an increase of circulation; to stop
where we are. In the first place, it proposes to
allow the associations which have been organized
upon the faith of the Government to take, the cir-
culation to which they are entitled; and in the
second place, itauthonzes any of the State banks
now existing to withdraw their present circula-
tion and organize under this system, and substi-
tute the national currency for their circulation
thus withdrawn.
Mr. JOHNSON. What do you do with the
State banks that do not come in?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have a section expressly
intended to reach that, bearing upon them; which
contains a full answer to that question, and is in
these words:
Sec. —. Aixd hp it further enacted^ That, from and after
the passage of this act, every person, banker, banking as-
sociation, or banking corporation, shall reduce the amount
of its notes, bills, or certificates in circulation as money,
to the amount of its cash caprtal aetualiy paid in and 
per cent, added thereto, or to the amount actually secured
by the pledge of the stocks of the Untted States, or of tli«
Stat<- wheie the bank or banking office is situated, pur-
suant to the laws of the United States or of the State where
the bank is situated 5 said reduction to be made in the fol-
lowing manner: one fouith of said excess of circulation '
beyond what is above piovidcd shall be redeemed and can-
celed on or beiore the 1st day of next; one half on oi
betore the 1st day of   next; three fourths ftti or beiore
the l«td.iyof next; nnd the remainder on 01 before
the l«t day of  next; and upon all bills, notes, and
ceitificates issued or reissued, or remaining in circula-
tion as money, over and above the amount as provided In
this and the pieccding section, the said several bankers,
banks, or banking corporations shall pay to the United
States*a tax of one pet cent, per month.
That will reach the point, and compel the re-
duction. I have not assumed in this second sec-
tion to state (for that is a matter which ought to
be discussed, and upon which gentlemen of ex-
perience ought to give their views) the exact
amount to which the circulation of these banks
should be reduced. It is said by some that if
you reduce every bank in its circulation to its act-
ual cash capital paid in, while it will not affect
the banks m the great cities like New York,
Philadelphia, or Boston, which have large de-
posits, it will affect the country State banks which
issue circulation not only to the amount of their
capital but sometimes twice that amount, mak-
ing their profits on loaning this excess over and
above their real capital.
Mr. JOHNSON. As I do not desire to reply
to the honorable member, with his permission I
should like him to answer now the suggestion I
wish to make to him. It seems to me—I was
about to say doubtful, but I do not think that is
a strong enough word—it seems to me very clear
that we have no authority to interfere with the
powers conferred upon the State banks. The
State banks are acting under State charters, and
the only mode in which the United States can
interfere with associations of that description is
under the power to pass banking laws. If the
banks do not redeem their notes in coin, that of
itself would be an act of bankruptcy, and they
might be brought under the influence of a bank-
rupt system; but I do not see what authority the
United States, or any branch of the Government,
have to interfere with the powers conferred by the
States upon theirown State banks, ifitbe true, as I
assume to be true, that the States have the author-
ity to constitute banking corporations. It is, of
course, clear that the United States have author-
ity to tax State issues, State banks; but the tax
proposed by the honorable member from Wis-
consin is in the nature of a penalty. It says to
these banks, "If you issue more than we say
you shall issue, then we will tax you one per
cent, a month." It is not a tax in the ordinary
acceptation of the term; it is virtually a penalty.
I submit that question to the honorable member,
fie can answer it or not as consists with the pur-
pose of fas speech.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The question is a perti-
nent one, worthy of your consideration. I have
given to it some consideration, and I see no valid
