8124
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 21,
a year certainly forten years,and perhaps$50,000
a year in addition, under the provisions of this bill.
I admit that the Government should pay like an
individual for the service which is performed for
it. The Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Howe]
seemed to express some surprise that Congress
should be indisposed to pay in behalf of the
Government for the labor and service that might
be rendered for it by thi3 company. I do not
occupy that position here. He asks whether, if
the transmission of the Government messages
should amount to more than $50,000 a year, the
Government ought not to pay for transmitting
them. \ say certainly it ought, standing alone
as a single question; but why should the Gov-
ernment pay $50,000 if messages are transmitted
for it amounting to only $1,000 or $5,000 in'a year?
By that rule, the Senator's logic docs not hold
good. But he says this subsidy i« to encourage
this great national project. Docs it need this en-
couragement? He asked, with tones of surprise
and rather of indignation, shall this Government
be so mean as to withhold a helping hand to aid
in this great project? Why, sir, if I understand
the general provisions of this bill, the Govern-
ment is not to withhold its hand; neither is Con-
gress close, mean, or stingy in the assistance it
proposes to give to this company m the construc-
tion of this work. I need but simply recapitu-
late that we give them the use of a quarter sec-
tion of land for every fifteen miles along the route
of these telegraph lines, several thousand miles
in length, with the wood and timber necessary
for their purposes. We authorize the Secretary
of the Navy to detail a national vessel for the pur-
pose of making the surveys and soundings, and
carrying the very material with which this line
is to be constructed. We also put at the disposal
of this company a part of the Army of the coun-
try to protect them in this work, and to protect
the work after it is completed. 1 think, then,
the Government is not paisimonious, the Gov-
ernment is not close, the Government does not
throw difficulties in the way of the accomplish-
ment of this great undertaking.
The Senator from Wisconsin asked why we
should not act with the jiberality of the Govern-
ments of Russia and Great Britain. Sir, if we
refuse this subsidy of $500,000 we shall then,
under this bill, afFord this company much greater
advantages and privileges than have been con-
ferred on them either by the Russian or the Brit-
ish Government. I beg leave to refer for one mo-
ment to these papeis which have been called
contracts. They may, according to the faith of
kings,amount to contracts,although I have heard
it said you should not put your trust in pnncea.
What does the Government of Russia undertake
to do by its officer, Lieutenant General of Engi-
neers Melnikoff? It gives no portion of the army
to maintain the work in its erection or to secure
it after it is erected. It details no portion of its
navy for the purpose of soundings, surveys, or
carrying matenuls thousands of miles. It gives
no subsidy; not a dollar. It, however, enjoins
it upon the company that they shall employ Rus-
sians for the purpose of protecting the work, and
it insists upon it, too, that they shall be married
men, men of families, who are to be taken with
their families and established along the line in a !
diwtiict of country that never had any settlements,
for the purpose of increasing its powerand popu-
lating the district of country through which the
line shall pass, having an eye to the increase of
its strength and its power, and the extension of
its population in that section of country. And
"According to tiie opinion of tile same officcr, acting as j
governor policial of Eastern fcJihorm, ali workmen, and a I
portion of the seivants on duty aioniy the projected tele- j
graph line. <-hould be Russian subjects; and as manv as I
po^-Mble ought to be mamed menwith their families. Tins I
will likewise be inipoitant to the company in an econonu- :
Cd! point oi view, as well as m regaid to its relations with |
the Ku-sian Government." 1
Then, again, it requires byan express stipula- ji
tion that the Government of Russia shall not in 1
any way be liable lo pay these men who are thus j
taken for the purpose of guarding and protecting :
this line, if I read it aright. Then, again, we give j
here a free, umntenupted, and unrestricted prh- )
ilrge for all time. By this Russian contract it is j
stipulated that the work shall be commenced, and j
five years allowed to establish the telegraph,and |
tlurty-thiee yeats for exclusive privilege: j
u TU<s teiin «sOhesUui by the company, w/.: five years in !
which to establish the telegraph, and thirty-three years for
exclusive privilege of the same, can be granted under con-
dition that if, m the course of the first two years, no begin-
ning should be made, or if, after the expiration of five years,
the wholelme should not be achieved and putm opeiation,
then the ptivilcge is to cease."
You will observe that by this boasted contract
of the Russian Government which is held up in
such flaming contrast to the proposition we now
make in our bill, this company are restricted in
their exclusive use and privilege of this line to
the period of thirty-three years, whereas this mo-
nopoly which is now sought to be conferred on this
company is to last for ail time, and it is to have
power to run out its lines to mineral lands in all
directions, like fingers running from a man's arm.
Sir, 1 think that with what Congress now pro-
poses to do under this bill if we shall not grant
the subsidy of $50,000 we may compare the lib-
erality of our Government fairly and favorably
with the conduct of the Russian and British Gov-
ernments. The British Government give no sub-
sidy, as will be found by an investigation of this
contract or privilege which the secretary of the
Duke of Newcastle has conferred upon the gen-
tleman who has been so distinguished in his ef-
forts to procure the concesaionafrom these differ-
ent Governments.
The Senator from Wisconsin, who, I am sorry
to see, is not here, called this a mere pittance on
our part. Well, sir, in view of what we under-
take to do it is no pittance. He says who will
undertake to do it for less? Without going to
anybody else, I say this company will do it for
less; and I am authorized in so saying because I
know that they first asked, when they introduced
their bill, only $40,000 a year instead of $£50,000;
and that would be a saving of §50,000 in ten
years, which is no small matter m these times,
when we are racking our brain for the purpose
of getting money to carry on this war. They
will not only do it for $40,000, but they will do
it and can nlfoid to do it without a dollar of sub-
sidy, and ought to do it under the great advan-
tages we offer them for the purpose of enabling
them to carry out this work and to have the solo
control of a corporation whose capital has risen
within the short period of fifteen months, if I am
correctly informed,from $3,000,000 to §12,000,000,
and, as I believe, it will be worth, if this bill
should be passed through both Houses of Con-
gress, the snug little sum of §20,000,000. Oil,
but, says the Senator from California, [Mr. Con-
ness,] in reply to an objection unsed by the Sen-
ator from Missouri, [Mr. Brown,] that another
project of a similar kind cannot receive the fos-
tering hand of Congress, he is perfectly willing
to vote for that bill; he is perfectly willing tp
grant the right of way to the new line which it is
proposed to start from the Missouri river and run
to San Francisco. He says that bill has been re-
ported, as he believes, without any largess or sub-
sidy being offered on the part of Congress.
When that bill was introduced by yourself, sir,
[Mr. Po.heuoy in the chair,] into this Senate, it
proposed that Congress should extend to the
United StatesTelcgraph Company,in addition to
granting them the right of way, a subsidy of
$i20,000 a year. I may mention the fact, because
it appears upon the records of the Senate that one
bill, this huge bill, was reported back from the
Committee on Commerce, of which I happen to
be an humble member, with the subsidy of $50,000
allowed, and the subsidy of $20,000 asked for in
the other case was stricken out; from which 1 feel
myself justified m saying that honorable influ-
ences, (not corrupt but honorable influences,) tiie
weight of character of men of ability, and skill,
and wealth, and their persuasions and their argu-
ments, have been able to satisfy the committee and
the Senate that a subsidy should be allowed in the
one case and not granted in the other. 1 myself
am not able to see the distinction between the two.
Now, sir, having just made this plain, unvar-
nished statement of the facts of the case as they
stand before us on this bill, 1 submit most re-
spectfully that at this time, a time of war, when
we are in a death-struggle to maintain our armies
in the face of the eneniy, and when we are un-
dergoing such a trial as no nation under heaven
did through its public agents and officers to keep
the public Treasury m a position to meet the
public demands and to defray the expenses of
our Army and our Navy, we should not be hasty
in pressing this subsidy of $500,000, when, ac-
I cording lo my humble judgment, and I think the
! facts of the case will sustain me, this telegraph
! line can be built without any detriment to the
S persons interested in it, without the grant of a
i single dollar for that purpose. With these com-
ments I trust 1 have discharged my duty and havo
done with the discussion of this matter.
Mr. MORRILL. My honorable friend has
stated one fact or alluded to afatft which renders
it necessary that I should say a word. It is true
the record discloses what he states, that one bill
comes from the Committee on Commerce with a
subsidy, and another bill, proposing a subsidy,
with that subsidy denied; but I think my honor-
able friend undertakes to draw an inference from
it which would be prejudicial to the favor of the
Senate toward this bill for that reason; and he
| forgot to say what he will remember when I re-
I peat it, that there was an obvious and distinct rea-
son why the subsidy was denied in the case re-
ferred to, and the reason is as patent on the records
of the Senate as the fact referred to. It will be
remembered by the Senate that some two or three
years ago the Congress of the United States
granted a subsidy of §40,000 a year, I think, for
the construction of a line from the Missouri river
to San Francisco. Raving one subsidized line,
I think the.Senate will understand why the com-
mittee should come to the conclusion that it wag
; hardly worth while for the Government tosubsi-
i dize another line in the same direction and on nl-
| most the same route. I hope that is an answer
| to any inference which might be drawn from the
■ fact alluded to by my honorable friend fioni New
J Jersey.
[ While I am up I want to say another word
i about the estimate which is put upon the vaiut, of
! this enterprise by my honorable friend from New
| Jersey. He says it gives a snug little fortune of
I §20,000,000 to somebody. If it shall ao turn out
j 1 shall never weep over it. If we secure the en-
; terprise it will never be a matter of regret to me
• that the enterpiismg men who engaged in if arid
j gave it to the country and to the world for oil time
i have made fortunes, if you please, out of it; but that
is a speculation, that is a thing to be tried: that is
a thing there are no facts to demonstrate. At the
present moment it is all speculation. The fact
may be so eventually, or it may not.
Whenever any propositions come up for rail-
roads, telegraphs, or what not, somebody who
has got a counter-project, or somebody who does
not believe in the thing itself, rises and says,
" Now only give that thing to me and 1 will do
the public great credit and make a very good thing
out of it myself." Have we forgotten what a
struggle it was to get a horse railroad chartered
along Pennsylvania avenue between Georgetown
and the Capitol? When one party proposed it
some one who did not want him to have it would
come in and offer to make a great deal better terms
for the public, and we were told that in it there
were immense fortunes for many people. Well,
we granted a charter; the enterprise went foi ward;
everybody admits it is a great blessing to the city;
the public has been accommodated, and besides
that it is said those parties have made money, I
hope they have; I may venture to say they have;
but what is the result? You are having railroads
all over the city; you have got the thing started;
the people see the utility of it, and now we aie
making railroads on streets parallel to it and at right
angles to it, and when that is done what is to be-
come of the fortunes of. these men? They will not
lose, 1 hope; but that which is a monopoly will
be rendered entirely powerless and entirely harm-
less, and will be only a benefaction forever to the
people in the power Congress has over all such
subjects to allow competition whenever competi-
tion is demanded. Whenever there are othois
equally enterprising wlio will undertake similar
enterprises the dividends of the existing com-
panies will to a great extent disappear. 1 think
this is a sufficient answer to what has been said
by my honorable friend on that point.
It is said that wc propose to give this company
§500,000, $50,000 a year for ten years, if they
will go forward with this enterprise. What do
we secure to ourselves m the mean time? We se-
cure to ourselves over this telegraph the oppoi-
tumty for all the Departments of this Govern-
ment, executive and legislative, the Navy and the
War Departments, to have frep intercourse with
all sections of the eastern world. Is that jioth-
