2148
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 6,
objection to it. Another honorable friend has sug-
gested a difficulty precisely opposite to the one
which the honorable Senator has raised. He sug-
gests that it is doubtful whether we have power
to say that a State bank shall redeem in gold and
silver. My friend from Maryland does not doubt
that.
Mr. JOHNSON. By a bankrupt law.
Mr. COLLAMER. The Senator from Wis-
consin will permit me to remark that I do not see
how his proposition could be carried into effect
except by a bankrupt law.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If it is necessary to do so
we could exercise that power. We could declare
that any bank which does not redeem in gold and
silver, or which shall putor keep bills in circula-
tion above a certain amount which it does not re-
deem in gold and silver on demand, has commit-
ted an act of bankruptcy. It is not material to
me under which clause of the Constitution wc
proceed, if we only have the power and will ex-
ercise it. ■
But to return to the subject before us, the ques-
tion is whether we have a right to tax a certain
species of pap$r circulation. Why not? Where
a power exists to tax a given thing there is no
limitation upon the power exceptin the discretion
of Congress that it shall be just, equitable, for the
public good, and to carry into effect some power
expressly or impliedly given by the Constitution.
I do not understand that there is any other limit-
ation in the Constitution of the United States ex-
cept that. It cannot be said that this taxation is
not uniform. It does not tax the property of par-
ticular individuals; it shows no favoritism; it as-
sumes generally to tax a whole class of persons,
bankersor corporations in this country who are
exercising the privilege of loaning their credit
without interest for the well-secured notesofother
people with interest; the extraordinary privilege
of getting interest, not on what they lend, but on
what they owe to other people. We assume to
tax this most profitable of all manufactures, the
manufacture of paper money, when we say that
we tax them one per cent, per month for issuing
and putting in circulation a certain species of
paper money beyond a certain amount over and
above their capital. I do not see that thereisany
limitation upon our power to tax. The Senator
says it is prohibitory. It might be that some
banks would venture to pay this tax of one per
cent, a month, twelve per ccnt. a year, There
are banks in some sections of the country which
have made more than twelve pur cent, annually
in their banking operations in buying and selling
exchange .and in loaning their notes. It would
not perhaps be absolutely prohibitory, although
I say frankly it tends in that direction. Hut what
if it does? Under the power of taxation and levy-
ing duties, excise, and imposts, when the power
exists may it not be exercised even to the point
of prohibition?
This is the old question of a prohibitory tariff
and home protection.
But, Mr. President, beyond all that, I assume
that to the Federal Government was given the
power not only of coming money butof regulating
the value thereof; whatever may be necessary and
proper to be done by this Government to regulate
the value of money, to regulate the value of what
circulates as rrionty, to regulate, if you please,
the puce of gold, is implied of necessity m that
power. Ifit weie an original proposition, if theie
had been no action of the Government for sixty
or seventy years to the contrary, no decisions of
the courts and no action of the State Legislatures,
acquiesced in during all that time by the people
of the United States, with the Constitution in ray
hands, and the history of the times when it was
made, and with the debates of the men who made
it before me, I would say that the men who nmde
the Constitution of the United States intended to
prohibit and employed the strongest winds to
prohibit any State from making any kind of pa-
per money m any manner or form, direct or indi-
rect. But, sir, I must acquiesce in the fact that
the decisions of all the courts, State and Federal,
the action of State Legislatures, Congiess, and
the long acquiescence of the people of this coun-
tiy have been ail the other way. and it is too late
for me to undertake to stand upon thatfposition;
to assume what otherwise J would confidently as-
sume, that all these State banks are unconstitu-
tional, void, and illegal from the beginning. I
am compelled to accept these institutions as ex-
isting facts. They are powerful facts—facts which
cannot be ignored or disregarded. But, sir, I be-
lieve that we have notwithstanding a controlling
power over the question of money, the whole
question of currency, for by that the value of
money is affected and regulated throughout the
whole country. 1 do not see anything m the de-
cisions of the courts which would say that we
have not that controlling power; at all events that
we may not by the power of taxation limit and
restrain the volume of paper money, the greater
part of which is of our own creation. My hon-
orable friend from Maryland concedes that we
have the power under the bankrupt laws to put
banks that do not pay their debts in'gold and sil-
ver into bankruptcy. If necessary we can resort
to that which he concedes is within our reach.
I agree to that while I maintain the other. We
can make it an act of bankruptcy if they do not
redeem in gold and silver at their counters. The
form m which we arrive at it is not so material
to me; whether it is by derlaiing certain acts of
these banks, for instance the issue of more than
their capital in currency, not redeemed in gold and
silver, acts of bankruptcy, appoint receivers for
them, and wind them up under that power in the
Constitution, or whether we restrain them by any
other legitimate power. The purpose I have is
to put down the brakes, to stop the train on this
down grade of depreciation which we are trav-
eling with a velocity and momentum that make
every reflecting man tremble for the results to
come in the financial world. I assume that we
can only do thjit by exercising the power of put-
ting a stop to the making of any more paper to
be put in circulation as money. In spite of all
theories and all delusive hopes gold and silver are
the only real money of the Constitution, the
money of the commercial woild.
Mr. President, there ait* thiee conflicting opin-
ions on this subject of currency: one desires the
entire destruction of all State banks, the with-
\iiH\vul of greenbacks, and the substitution of this
national currency; another is opposed to the na-
tional currency altogether; a third is opposed to
all banks of issue, and would compel ail to bank
upon greenbacks alone. These opinions are m
conflict here: in conflict throughout the country.
These extremes of opinion must meet and discuss
this question, and agiee upon some common
ground upon which all can stand, upon which
the financial men of the country can stand, and
upon which the countryman stand. As 1 have
already said, it is my deliberate conviction that
our first duty is to stop increasing the volume of
paper money; the second is to allow the State
banks now existing to come m under this national
system; the third is to compel the State banks
that ha\e expanded their circulation beyond their
capital, and do not redeem in gold and silver, to
reduce their ciiculaiion down to or near then-
actual cash capital, or to the amount of their cir-
culation alieady issued and which is fully secured
by the stocks of the United States or of the States
wheie they are located.
1 desire to say a single word in relation to the
State of Wisconsin. Our State banking system
is this: the constitution of that State allows
banking eorpoiations to be formed which, by de-
positing with the comptroller stocks of the Uni-
ted Suites, or of the State of Wisconsin, aie au-
thorized to ihfciie cii culating notes to the amount
of ninety per cent, of the par value of the stocks
thus deposited. The cucuiation must all be se-
cured in tluit way. It cannot be increased and ex-
panded beyond thatamount. His regarded by our
people as a perfectly well secured circulation. The
people of our State have full confidence in it. Let
me say to my honorable friend from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. JSumxer,] it is in one sense a national
cucuiation. Tim debt which was created by the
Sta'e of Wisoonsin, upon which its bankmgsys-
tom is no>.v hceurcd, ks foi the money which Wis-
consin has borrowed for the pwipowe of putting
hei soldiers into the field to a:d the General Gov-
ernment in putting down tins lebellion. What
is not secured by 'Wisconsin State stock's issued
for that oiiipose, is secured by the stocks of the
United States. By her constitution she was not
permitted to have any State debt beyond $100,000
unless that debt was created to repel invasion, to
suppress insurrection, or to sustain the State in
time of war. Wisconsin, when this war came
upon us, was without any debt beyond $100,000.
When this war commenced* it was her bankers
that stepped forward and enabled her to raise the
money to place her soldiers in the field. It was
for that purpose that she created the stock whicii
to-day stands, together with the United States
stocks, pledged as the security of her whole bank
circulation. It was, if I may so express it, born
of the Union, for it was to preserve the Union
that Wisconsin put up her credit upon which her
banking institutions are now based; and in this
sense I irtsist her currency is national, and not
local or sectional.
Our true course and our true duty is to man-
age this currency question without making war
upon State banks or upon the national currency
system, but by restricting and regulating, so far
at least as to restrain all from greater expansion.
Let all the banks, State and national, have pre-
cisely the same privileges and stand upon the
same footing so far as taxation is concerned. By
allowing to the national banks the additional ad-
vantages which are contained in this bill, we shall
induce a majority of the Stale banks gradually to
change their system and come in under the na-
tional system. Gentlemen seem to say these are
no sufficient inducements unless we make open,
relentless war upon them. This is a great mis-
take. There are very great privileges given by
this bill to these national associations. I un-
derstand that their bills are to be received in pay-
ment of dues to the Government. All our taxes
can be collected in the issues of these banks. All
debts and dues to the Government, with the sin-
gle exception of duties on imports, are to be paid
in this national currency. These national bank
associations may be the depositories, as I under-
stand it, of the Government of the United States.
The Government of the United States, now the
gieatestof all financial opeiators, will necessarily
favor these institutions' to a very great extent.
All these inducements will lead the men engaged
in the business of banking under State institu-
tions to change their system without making di-
rect and open war upon them. If we undertake
to make open and direct war upon them, if we
undertake to crush them, we shall bring on a
financial crisis at once in which we have as much
interest—ay, sir, far more than they; the value
of our bonds in the market will be affected; and
if a panic and crash should come, who can pre-
dict the result?
Sir,' I would avoid the financial controversy
which would grow out of what would be regarded
as a declaration of open hostility against the State
banks. They are too old, too strong, too much
interwoven everywhere with the business and
habits and customs of all communities, cities,
towns, and States, of the business men and lead-
ing men of the whole country, for us to make
open and direct war upon them intending to
destioy them. I understand there is not a bet-
ter managed institution in the country than the
State Bank of Indiana or the State Bank of Iowa.
Is it desirable for this Government to declare
open war against these banks, against all their
friends, and all interested in them? 1 svy to gen-
tlemen it seems very unwise to me. 1 greatly
fear that of itself it would tend to bring on a finan-
cial nisis, to bring down the bonds of the Gov-
ernment of the United States in the market in-
stead of cairying them up; to carry up the price
of gold instead of bringing it down. We should
at this time, in my opinion, combine all our
strength, without destioying either one class of
the community or the other. "We want the sup-
port of all. State banks and national associations
all put together are not too strong for the great
woik in which we are engaged. I would gather
all their stiength, 1 would bring all their power
to work in support of the Government.
In my judgment, in dealing with the financial
questions of this hour—and i agree with the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts that the currency ques-
tion stands next to the great military question
which General Grant, I trust m God, with the
brave armies under him is now about to tesolve
—:t is unwise to declare war upon the State
banks with the determination to abolish and de-
stroy all the State institutions of the country: I
am willing to favor the building up of the national
institutions, but at^he same time I believe it is
wisest and best for us to acknowledge the exist-
ence of the&o State institutions and to deal fairly
