126
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 7,
• Mr. GRIMES. The law of Congress determ-
ines what shall be the complement of a ship's
CKew, and I suppose nobody claims that we have
assigned to any ship more men for any specific
duty than the public necessities of the service re-
quire. Now, with the proposition of the Senator
from Massachusetts carried, it will be in the power
of the officers who are to enforce this draft, at
any moment, if there happens to be one of the
men on board a ship drawn, to send for him to
the ship at a time when the necessities of the
country may require that she should go to sea,
and take him from her and break up the ship's
crew. As the amendment which I have submitted
is drawn, there can be no hardship to anybody.
It only exempts men who composepartofaship'g
complement as defined by the laws of the United
States, and only exempts them during the time
that they are actually in the service as a part of
that ship's complement; and the moment they
cease to be a part of it, that moment, they can be
enrolled under one of the sections of the Senator's
bill and be subject to draft. It seems to me there
is nothing more palpable than that it ought to be
adopted just as I have proposed it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendment of the Senator from Massachu-
setts to the amendment of the Senator from Iowa.
Theamendment to theamendmentwas rejected.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. With the leave of the
Senator from Massachusetts, in order to relieve
the ninth section of any ambiguity on thatsubject,
I propose to insert, after the word " draft,in
the fifteenth line, these woids:
Anil who shall have been in the military or naval ser-
vice of the United States during the existing war tor two
year* or more, and been honorably discharged therefrom.
Mr. SHERMAN. That creates the same diffi-
culty. The fifth section and the ninth section
taken together cover the whole ground.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I propose also to amend
the fifth section by inserting, after " two years,"
in the thirteenth line, the words " during the ex-
isting war." They may have served in the Mex-
ican war or some old Indian war.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think the amendment of
the Senator from Wisconsin would make the bill
incongruous. Wc should then add to the ninth
suction, also persons under twenty years of age,
ami all other exceptions. I think, as it now
stands, it is perfectly clear that, no person is to
be enrolled under the age of twenty years, or who
has been in the military seivice two years, and
then the ninth section exempts certain classes of
persons. The sections will be construed together
as a matter of course, and will cover all the cases
of exemption.
Mr. HOWARD. I hardly think that amend-
ment is neeevssary. It strikes me that itis already
sufficiently clear and definite, especially when we
recur to the fifth section. That section declares
" That boards of enrollment shall have power to enroll
any perioi) wlioie name &h.\ll have been omitted by the
pioper (-moiling officer, and any pei <011 at riving at the age
of twenty years, and also any person who has not been 111
the military or naval service of the Umred States two years
and houotabiy discharged therefrom.
If he has been in the naval or military service
of the United States he cannot be enrolled; or if j
he is, his name will be improperly inserted on the
enrollment. The ninth section includes among
the persons to be excepted—
£' All persons actually in the military or naval service of
the United States at the time of draft; and no persons but
such aie heicm excepted shall be exempt."'
That is, no persons except such as are excepted
by this act shall be exempt. That exception, 1
take U, covers that exact class of persons, those
who have been in the service for two years ormore.
It strikes me, therefore, that the bill is already
sufficiently definite and clear on that point.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The ninth section of this
bill is an amendment to the sccond section of the
act of last year, and the second section of that
act is the one that purports to give in language
and name the persons who are exempt, and winds
up by the same language that is used at the close
of this section: "and no peisons but such as are
herein excepted shall be exempt;" which cer-
tainly are those excepted by this section of the j
statute.
Mr. HOWARD. What meaning does the Sen- j
ator give to the word "heiein?" It strikes me that ;j
it includes tin's present art which wo aie passing. ||
Mr. JOHNSON. With the permission of the
Senator from Wisconsin I wish to say a word.
It was because this section,as I supposed, would
repeal any antecedent exception that may have
been in a prior law that I made the inquiry of the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs
whether the soldiers who had been two years in
the service and honorably discharged were ex-
cepted by this act. I had not been able to see it
in the bill until it was pointed out by the chair-
man; but he havingpointed itout, I submit to the
Senator from Wisconsin that it is necessary to
adopt such an amendment as he proposes. The
words in the fifth section alluded to by the Sena-
tor from Michigan provide that no person shall
be liable to service,&c., who has been in the mil-
itary service of the United States two years and
honorably discharged therefrom. The ninth sec-
tion, which the honorable Senator from Wiscon-
sin supposes contains only a provision applicable
to the original act of March 3, 1863, and not to
this act, contains these exceptions: it proposes
to strike out of section two of the original act all
after the word " enacted," and to insert the fol-
lowing:
uThat the following persons be, and they are hereby,
excepted and exempted from the piovisions of this act."
That is, of this act after it shall become a law,
not of the act of March 3, 1863, but of this law,
provided we pass it with this amendment. Then
it goes on afterwards to say: .
" Such as are lejected as physically or mentally unfit for
the service, the Vice President of the United States, the
judges of the various courts of the United States, the heads
of the various Executive Depaitments of the Government,
the Governors of the seveial States, and all persons act-
ually in the military or naval service of the United States
at the time of the draft; ami 110 persons but such as are
heiein excepted shall be exempt."
What is the meaning of the term " herein" as
there used ? It means " in this act." The par-
ticular exceptions to which the Senator from Wis-
consin refers are in addition to the exceptions that
are to be found in the original act, or to be found
in this act after the terms of the original act be-
come a part of this act. In other words, the law
will then mean that the Vice President ot the Uni-
ted States, the judges, &c., arc to be excepted
from this act; and also all persons who are not
liable to military duty under this act; and those
who are not liable to military duty under this act
are those who have served for two years and have
been honorably discharged. The meaning, there-
fore, of the section, ns I think, is precisely the
same as it would be if the terms in the fifth sec-
tion excluding the two years' men were incorpo-
rated word for word in tiie ninth section.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The amendment which I
suggested—in section five, line thirteen, after the
word " years," to insert the words " during the
existing war"—seems to be necessary to make it
plain, and I move that amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DIXON. I offer the following amendment,
to be inserted at the close of the ninth section,as
a proviso:
FrorulciJ, That all person-? rceogiiized as clergymen or
mmiNhns ot religion by the oceie^i.i-tie.i! nuthonty of the
denomination 01 eommutuon to which the) helony;, when
called into the mthtaiy set vice undci tin- act -hall h.- rc.-
gaided a1- non-combatant's, and be employed as chaplains
or in hospitals.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I move to amend that
amendmentby stnkmgout after the word "that"
the words "all persons recognized as clergymen
or ministers by the ecclesiastical authority of the
denomination or communion to which they be-
long," and to insert m heu theieof the words
" oidained ministers of.,the gospel;" so that the
proviso will read:
Pro wf erf, That nil oidained minister of the go>pel, when
called into the military service under tins act, shall be re-
gatded as non-combatants, and be employed as chaplains
or in hospital:*.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. As this bill proposes
to repeal altogether the §300 exemption clause, so
far as I am concerned I desire to record my vote
in favor of that amendment, believing that minis-
ters of the gospel should not be forced into the
field. I therefore ask for the yeas and nays upon
that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is on the amendment to the amendment. Docs
the Senator desire the yeas and nays upon that?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire them on the
question of exempting preachers of the gospel
from field duty.
Mr. SAULSBURY. My object in offering the
amendment to the amendment is simply this:
there are in a number of denominations through
the country, many persons recognized as minis-
ters or preachers who are not regularly ministers
or preachers of the gospel, and* whose business it
is not to devote themselves exclusively to the
preaching of the gospel. I am willing to make
this exemption sufficiently broad to include all de-
nominations, Jew or Gentile, but there arc a very
large class of persons who officiate as preachers
of the gospel and are called ministers of some de-
nomination, who reallyare not such, and whodo
not devote their time exclusively to the preaching
of the gospel, but devote their time to the prose-
cution of other pursuits.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest to th6 Senator
from Connecticut whether it may not be best to
withdraw his amendment for the present until we
have acted on the exemption clause. That may
govern the vote on this proposition.
Mr. DIXON. I am perfectly willing to adopt
that suggestion. Let it lie on the table for the
present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
is withdrawn.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Do I understand the
Senator from Connecticut to intend to offer it
again ?
Mr. DIXON. Of course. 1 look to offering
it again.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. If you do not, I pro-
pose to offer it myself.
Mr. DIXON. I do not propose to offer it until
the question of commutation is gettled.
Mr. COLLAMER. I call the attention of the
chairman of the Committee 011 Military Affairs to
the fourth scction of this bill. 1 must acknowl-
edge that I did not, at the first reading, understaml
the purport of that section; but he has explained
to me that it is intended to give a person who is
enrolled merely, the privilege of obtaining a man
as a substitute who is not enrolled, and who is
not subject to be enrolled. Now, the word "sub-
stitute" is to be received, I suppose, in its ordi-
nary acceptation. It means, in the place of, to
stand in lieu of. If a man who is under the en-
rollment obtains a substitute, it is a substitute for
the enrollment, and for the draft when the draft
comes. That is the legal effect of it; that is the
grammatical effect ofit. Hence, in order to carry
into effect the purpose which the gentleman de-
sires, I wish to insert in the sixth line, after the
word "draft," the words, "and who enlists for
three years, and is mustered into the service."
It will then read:
•'That any person eniolied under the provisions of the
1 Act for enrolling and calling out tiic national force-1, and for
other pm po^es,' approved Maich 3,1863, or who mav heip-
aftei be so eniolied, may furnisl*, at any time,an acceptable
bubfctitute who is not liable to draft, and who enlist* lbr
three year*, and is? mustered into the service, and --ueh per-
son so furnishing a substitute shall be exempt/' See.
That is, if the substitute he furnishes shall en-
list and be mustered in, and then it shall have the
effect to discharge him from liability; but as it
stands now, he is discharged if he furnishes an
acceptable substitute. It does not require that
the substitute shall enlist.
Mr. WILSON. I certainly have no objection
to the amendment, if it makes the scction more
clear or certain. I have no doubt of its meaning
now that an acceptable substitute is a person who
enters the service and is accepted by the Govern-
ment of the United States as a soldier; but if the
Senator thinks it necessary to make the amend-
ment, I certainly have no objection to making
any portion of the bill as clear as possible.
Mr. COLLAMER. Because the word "sub-
stitute" has been so much used of late in reference
to men going into the Army, it is supposed that
the word. "substitute" means soldier. It does
not mean any such thing.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suggest that this propo-
sition lie over until we act on the section in rela-
tion to the $300 exemption clause. I think we
ought to act on that first, and then dispose of
these other questions. I have already submitted
an amendment to this fourth section, which 1 had
laid over until that was acted on.
Mr. COLLAMER. I was not aware that there
was an amendment to this section laid over. If
there is, I wish this to lie ov«r also.
