1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ing? If the value of that intercourse shall be
$50,000 a year it will turn out that we do not
give the company anything. But in the advance
of a great enterprise of this kind, a subsidy is of
value inasmuch as it gives credit anil character
to it and enables the parties to go forward. I
submit whether we should stand here and malce
tin argument as to our making a penny more or
less by giving this subsidy if we are satisfied that
the subsidy will stimulate the enterprise and en-
able these men to accomplish the result. Sup-
pose the cost of our governmental intercommuni-
cation with the other parts of the world comes to
a little less than $50,000 each year, to 030,000 or
$40,000, who will ever regret that?
Mr. TEN EYCK. I rise just as the Senator
from Maine did, simply to correct a statement.
The Senator says that 1 did not state all that ap-
plied to the difference between this line and the
other one to which I referred. He says that the
reason why a subsidy is allowed in the one case
and not in the other is that this is on a new route
and requires a subsidy, while the other is on a
line already occupied and therefore not entitled
to a subsidy; and he seemed to say to me, al-
though he did not use the quotation, '• Mark how
plain a tale shall put him down." Now, Mr.
President, the fact turns out to be, if I am not
incorrectly informed, that the Senator is mistaken
in relation to that matter; that the new line pro-
posed to be established by the bill which you,
sir, [Mr. Pomeroy in the chair,] introduced in
the Senate was not over a beaten track, but through
an unoccupied territory, and a portion of-it the
very territory which it is sought to cover by the
additional provisions to be given to this Western
Telegraph Company to extend their lateral lines
to the mineral lands. By the second section of
that bill it was provided:
"That the said United States Telegraph Company, under
the direction of tlic Piesident of the United States, is hereby
authorized to erect a line of telegraph fiom Fort Hall, by
Walla-Walla and the Dalles and San Francisco to Portland,
in the St.ite of Oregon, and from Fort Hall to Bannock and
Virginia City, m the Territory of Idaho, with the same priv-
ilege* as to the right of way, and so forth, as is piovided In
the first section of this act; the Hnited States to have
priority in the use of said lines ot telegraph to Oregon and
idaho,and lor such use the United States Telegraph Com-
pany shall receive for the term often years from thetimeof
its completion, annually, the sum of $20,000, which shall
be in full payment for all messages transmitted."
That was through a new and unexplored coun-
try. This company asked this subsidy of §20,000
to be given to them as an encouragement, for
which they undeitook to transmit all Government
messages. That was stricken out, but the sub-
sidy was retained in this bill, and with this dis-
tinction: as the bill stood originally—it is not so
now—$50,000 were to be given for the transmis-
sion of all messages, unless they should amount
td nore than §100,000, and then payments for the
excess of that $100,000; but now, by the provis-
ions of the bill as it has been amended, we are re-
quired to pay $50,000 a year foi ten years whether
we do business over the amount of $100,000 or not,
and to pay for all the excess, if any, over §100,000.
I can myself see a very material difference be-
tween the two, and much less reason, in my judg-
ment, for the allowance of the subsidy in the case
of the Great Western Telegraph Company than
in the case to which 1 have referred. .
Mr. CHANDLER. If the Senator will pardon
me, both Senators are mistaken as to the original
proposition. The original proposition was to pay
the same sum to the new company as was paid
to the old. That'was the original proposition,
which wo rejected, and then they came in with
another proposition.
Mr. TEN EYCK. Why not keep an account
and let the Government pay for all messages that
it transmits ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Fifty thousand dollars is the
amount we agree to pay this company for the use
annually of this line when it is built. When built,
it will connect us with all Europe, all Asia, with the
lines that are building with Australasia, with the
East Indies, and all the civilized world and the
semi-civilized world. Suppose there are three
hundred working days in a year, and that the dis-
patches which would be sent on an average would
cost three dollars apiece, which is a low estimate,
and $50,000 would be at the rate of about fifty or
sixty messages per day between this Govern-
ment and all our ministers in Europe, all our con-
suls and consular agents m Europe, in Asia, in
East India, and in Australasia, all the orders that
are to be issued by the Navy Department to our
vessels, and the messages that will be received
from those vessels at every landing in the whole
world. In my judgment, men never made so
great a mistake in the world as when they sup-
pose that the use of this line to this Government
will not amount to this sum on this very low esti-
mate upon these messages of three dollars apiece
for a single message. It is more likely to be more
than $100,000 than anything else, in my opinion.
We are not agreeing to pay any subsidy, but
simply agreeing that we will pay this amount for
the use of this telegraphic communication.
Mr. CON NESS. Let me say to the Senator
what he cannot be aware of, which strengthens
his position much, that his estimate of threedol-
lars a message will not do at all. They charge
now, from Chicago to San Francisco, forty-five
cents a word, and a message of ten words to that
place from this city costs between six and seven
dollars, and it is the cheapest telegraphing in pro-
portion to the distance in the world.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, by the
amendment which was adopted some time ago to
prevent this telegraph company through this coun-
try from oppressing either the public or private
individuals, it is provided that theGovernmentof
the United States and Russia can at any time'by a
convention between them put down the rates to
just what they think is right, because it is a great
international affair.
Mr. President, I introduced this petition in be-
half of Mr. Collins, and it was referred to the
Committee on Commerce. It is said here that the
men who are interested in this work, the West-
ern Telegraph Company, have made themselves
wealthy in consequence of the building and con-
nection of these various lines. I grant it; there
is no doubt of it; but it is a wealth which has
grown out of a new creation. They pressed for
an opportunity to build this telegraph line when
men thought it was a humbug and could never be
sustained ; but by their perseverance, and energy,
and industry they have achieved for this country
and for the world a new creation of wealth. If
they are rich enough to build this line now through
the country where it is proposed to be built,
through that portion of Russia, of the British
possessions, and a portion of the United States
now almost entirely uninhabited except by In-
dians, 1 rejoice at the fact that the company is
rich and able to carry through the enterprise,and
if it should succeed itl the creation of stfll ad-
ditional wealth to them, to that I have no objec-
tion, provided while tlifcy are accomplishing wealth
for themselves they are accomplishing a blessing
to us and to mankind.
Senators have spoken of our granting land to
this company. We grant them the use of forty
acres of land every iilteen miles for a station. If
they build the line and have their stations in
these uninhabited regions of our Territories, by
giving them tlie use of this land we confer a greater
benefit upon ourselves than we do upon them.
The fact that they shall maintain a station atevery
fifteen miles isa blessing to us in point of wealth,
in developing the value of these very Territories
through which the line passes.
, Senators object that we arc to employ vessels
in surveys along the coast to aid this enterprise.
That is the very business in which we are now
employing some of our vessels, in making coast
surveys, and taking the soundings, und under-
standing the geography of the whole earth.
Mr. GPJMES. But our nnval vessels do not
carry telegraph wire.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I say so far as this is
concerned it is not doing any injury to us.
Mr. President, I do not wish to take up any
time. What 1 desire is that we may come to a
vote on this bill, and I shall now give way, al-
though there were some two or three other con-
siderations which have been thrown out in the
course of the debate which I thought of noticing,
but I shall forbear to do so.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire to ask the
Senator from Wisconsin a question. This bill is,
to take the balance of the session, as I understand.
Mr. CHANDLER, Oh, no, sir; we shall be
through with it in a very short time. *
Mr. LANE-, of Kansas. I ask the friends of
the bill whether the project will be interfered with
by postponing it until this next session.
• Mr. CHANDLER, That will postpone it for-
ever. . ■
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Wc propose to-come to a
vote now.
Mr. LANEvofKansas. Inmyopinion webavo
just. commenced, the discussion.of this question.
'I. move that this.bill .be postponed- until the first
Monday, in December next, in order tA*t w« «ay;
get rid of it and go to the general business ftf the
country. j
Mr. BROWN. I ask for the yeas, and* nays
upon that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 14, nays 27; as:follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown,Clark,CoHamer,Cow-
an, t'essendcu. Foot, Poster, Grimes, Hale, Harlan,.Lane
of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, and Ten Eyck—14..
NAY3—Messrs. Buckalew, Carlile, Chandler, Conness,
Davis, Dijon, Doolittle, Harris, Ilieks, Howe, McDougall,
Morgan, Morrill, Nesimtli, Pomeroy, Powell, EieliardS'on,
SauMmry, Sherman, Sprague, Sumner. Trumbull, Van
Winkle, Wade, Wilkinson, Willey, and Wilson—27.
ABSENT — Messrs. Hurding, Henderson, Hendricks,
Howard, Johnson, Ramsey, Riddle, apd Wright—8.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
now is,on the amendment moved by the Senator
from New Jersey, [Mr. TenEtck,] to strike out
the third section of the bill.
Mr. GRIMES called for the-yeas and nays,
and they were ordered;.
Mr. BROWN-. I desire to pall the attention
of the Senate to the fact that, the advocates of
this measure have constantly endeavored, to con-
found the idea of the necessity of a great- conti-
nental telegraph with the idea of the necessity
for this subsidy. There has been no evidence
adduced before the Senate that this subsidy is
necessary m order to enable this company or its
assigns to construct this telegraph. Oil the con-
trary all the evidence we have had here to.-day
has gone directly to show that it is one of the
wealthiest associations of men in the nation, that
it has made that wealth out of similar enterprises
constructed in the same manner, and that there-
fore the enterprises themselves are the most prof-
itable known in the country; that this amounts
really to a monopoly of the transmission of all
messages not only overthe route through Russia,
but also across through California; that its stock
has gone up, I believe one Senator stated, from
S3,000,000 to $12,000,000, and the probabilities
are that it will be put up to $20,000,000 if this
bill be passed as it now stands. And yet, sir, in
the face of these facts, we are called upon at this
time, when the nation is being taxed almost to the
veige of resistance, to vote another $500,pOO out
of the Treasury as a subsidy to this company,
and when we ask why, we are retorted with the
question, Why not? Why will you not aid this
great enterprise? Why will you not give as-
sistance to this great enterprise that is going to
connect the woild in a telegraphic circle? I say
it becomes them to show that there is a necessity
for this donation, for it is virtually a donation
from the public Treasury.
But furthermore I desire to call the attention of
the Senate to another fact, that the operation of
this subsidy, so to speak, commits the Govern-
ment to the useof this lineas its telegraphic agent,
and in so far prevents all competition against it.
That is one of the worst features connected with
it. It has a tendency to discourage all other con-
structions of the same kind that might competc
with it successfully across the plains to Califor-
nia and Oregon, and through the mineral regions
of the interior Territories.
It has been said,in reply to one of the sugges-
tions that has been made here, that the commit-'
tee which has reported this bill and reported it
with a substitute in it refused to report another
bill for a line to go across another part of tho
country with subsidies, that it was because they
would not bring in a rival line. "When it is known
that this is owned by the Western Telegraph
Company, as has been shown by the paper which
was read here by the Senator from California, and
when the committee which reports this bill for
their benefit, giving them these subsidies, refuses
to report a bill for a rival company with the same
subsidy, 1 ask if it is nota discrimination against
them? So far from inviting competition the whole
tendency of this legislation is- to monopolize and
to center in a single hand the telegraphing of the
nation, and giving them the exclusive privilege of
