1174
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 18,
- ' So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Perry reported that the
committee had, according to order, had the state
of the Union generally under consideration, and
particularly the bill of the House making certain
territorial appropriations, and had ccmie to no res-
olution thereon.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I move now that the
bill to-day under consideration in committee be
made the special order for three weeks from to-
day.
Mr. HOLMAN. I must object to the bill being
made a special order. I have no objection to its
being p.ostponed to the day named by the gentle-
man, but 1 really see no good reason why this
bill should not be considered in Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. My proposition is not
that the bill be taken out of committee, but that
it be made a special order in committee.
Mr. HOLMAN. I have no objection to that.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
there are seven appropriation bills in Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union which are
special orders, and which, by the rules of the
House, take precedence of all other special orders.
This bill would not therefore come up until they
have all been disposed of.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I ask, then, that the
committee be discharged from its further consid-
eration, and that it be made a special order after
the morning hour in the House for the day I
named.
Mr. HOLMAN. I must object to the special
order.
Mr. "RICE, of Maine. I will state that I do not
propose to call the previous question on itatonce,
but to leave it open for a reasonable discussion.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made to the
bill being made a special oidcr, the Chair will con-
sider the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union as discharged from its further consid-
eration, and the bill postponed.
TOTE 1U3C0HMSD.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania, asked con-
sent to record his vote upon the motion of Mr.
Mai.i.orv to strike out the free State clause from
the bill for the admission of new States.
No objection was made.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania, stated that
lie voted in the aifiimative.
IDAHO WAOON UOAI).
Mr. DONNELLY, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill tor the construction of a wagon
road, with branches from Minnesota, Iowa,and
Utah, to Idaho Teu'itoiy; winch was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee on
Roads and Canals.
Sl'ISAKKK ruo TJJJIFOJtB.
By unanimous consent leave was granted to
the Speaker to designate some member to act as
Speaker pro tempore for Saturday next.
On motion of Mr. lUCE, of Maine, the House
then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, March 18,18fil.
Prayoi by the Chaplain,Rev. Dr. Su\Diiiu,AND.
rile Journal of yesterday wasreadandappioved.
PETITIONS AND MEMOKIALS.
Mr. HARLAN presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Iowa, in favor of a grant of lands
to ttid in the constiuetion of a raihoad from Mc-
Gregor, on the Mississippi river, to a point in the
western bounds of Iowa between Sergeant's Bluffs
and the north boundary of the State; which were
referred to the Committee on Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. BUCKALEW presented four petitions of
citizens of Philadelphia, praying for increased
railroad facilities between the cities of New York
and Philadelphia; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
He also presented a memorial of merchants of
Philadelphia and citizens of Pennsylvania, pray-
ing that the circulation of State banks may be so
taxed as to compel them to call m their notes,
thus securing to the country the use of a national
legal-tender currency, par at all points within the
United States; which was referred to the Com-
mittee 011 Finance.
Mr. GRIMES presented a memorial of George
H. Plant, praying to be refunded an amount abated
from his account for coal furnished to the navy-
yard at Washington, District of Columbia, under
a contract in 1862; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. WILSON presented a memorial of pay-
masters and military storekeepers in the ordnance
department of the Army, praying to be allowed
the rank, pay, and emoluments of paymasters in
the Army of the United States; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia.
Mr. JOHNSON presented the petition of Re-
becca S. Harrison, widow of Lieutenant Horace
N. Harrison, deceased, praying for a pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a petition of citi-
zens of Sandusky, Ohio, praying for the construc-
tion of a ship canal around the falls of Niagara;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. HARRIS presented a petition of citizens
of Brooklyn,New York, praying for thepassage
of a law " to confiscate utterly and without re-
serve the landsof rebels; and to give of thesame,
without other formality than occupation, one hun-
dred and sixty acres to each private in the naval
service, and to each man in the rank and file of
the Union Army, andjof the rebel army who will
take the prescribed oath of allegiance to the Uni-
ted States; and that the lands thereafter remaining
be open to settlement under the homestead law;"
which was referred to the select committee on
slavery and freed men.
Mr. D00L1TTLE presented the petition of
Charles Goodyear, jr., executor of Charles Good-
year, deceased, praying for the passage of a reso-
lution to authorize the Committee on Patents and
the Patent Office, or a commission, to take testi-
mony, by sending for persons and papers, in re-
lation to a reissue of his patent for vulcanized
India rubber; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Patents and the Patent Oiliee.
lie also presented a memorial of the Legisla-
ture of Wisconsin, in favor of causing all the un-
survcyed lands in that State to be surveyed and
brought into market at the earliest practicable
day; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
He also presented a memorial of the Legisla-
ture of Wisconsin, in favor of a mail loute from
the city of Fond-du-Lac to Stockbridge, in the
county of Calumet, in that State; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads.
Mr, SHERMAN. I present, the remonstrance
of the officers of the national banks of Cincin-
nati, remonstrating againsUmy amendment of the
law organizing national banks which shall make
it compulsory upon them to redeem their notes in
the city of New York. I desire, in this connec-
tion, to say that no such proposition is pending
before Congiess; and that, the misapprehension
into which these officers have fallen, with many
others in the We'st, has grown out of an erro-
neous telegraphic dispatch. The provision in the
bill against ijie passage of which they remonstrate
provides for the redemption of their notes in the
principal cities of the Union, and not in the city
of New York. I make this explanation in order
that these parties may be.relieved from all anxiety.
There is no such proposition pending in Congress;
and I therefore move that this icmonstrancc be
laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
RBl'OltTS FKOM COMMITTEES.
Mr. FOSTER. The Committee on Pensions,
to whom were referred certain resolutions of the
Legislature of Iowa in fa?or of an amendment to
the pension laws, allowing pensions to the widows
of chaplains and surgeons in the Army who die
or may he killed while in the service of the Uni-
ted States, have instructed mo to report the same
back, and ask to he discharged from the further
consideration of the resolutions, the previous ac-
tion of the Senate having made it unnecessary for
this body to take further action on the subject.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. FOSTER. The same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of William Harding,
praying for compensation for services as a soldier
m the war of 1812, have instructed me to report
the same back and r&quest that that committee
be discharged from its further consideration, and
that the memorial be referred to the Committee
on Claims, it being a claim for a debt and not
for a pension.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. FOSTER. The same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of George D. Dods,
praying for a pension in lieu of his support at the
Naval Asylum at Philadelphia, have instructed
me to report it back with a recommendation that
the prayer of the petitioner ought not to be grant-
ed, as it would be changing the policy of the
Government to allow those men who have been
in the service and are now comfortably taken
care of at the Asylum to go home, thus breaking
up the institution, or, at all events, to a certain
extent breaking it up, and not really providing
as well for the men as they are now provided for.
The committee recommend, therefore, that the
prayer of the petition be not granted.
The report was concurred in.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Printing, to whom was referred a bill (S. No.
38) to authorize the settlement of the accounts of
A. BushJ late public printer for the Territory of
Oregon, reported it back without amendment,
and submitted a report; which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia, who were'instructed
by a resolution of the Senate to consider the ex-
pediency of presenting to the State of Kansas the
" Hopkins battery," captured by the troops of
that State at the battle of Fort Wayne, submitted
an adverse report thereon.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I want to be heard
upon that adverse report of the Committee on
Military Affairs.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will go on the
Calendar in its Older.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. 1 also ask that the
papers reported from the committee in relation to
the "Hopkins battery" be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
DILLS INTllODUCiBD.
Mr. R.AMSEY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
180) in relation to university lands in Minnesota;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. GRIMES asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution
(S. No. 35) to compensate the sailors on thegun-
boat Baron de Kaib for loss of clothing; which
w s read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
UNITED STATES MAILS.
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire to move that all
previous orders be suspended for the purpose of
taking up House bill No. 299. It is a bill in ic-
lation to the Post Office Department, which has
already passed the House of Representatives, and
I am informed by the chairman of the House
committee and by the Department that it is very
necessary that there should be immediate action
upon it. The Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads of the Senate propose to make certain
amendments to the bill, and it is necessary to pass
it at once in order to got action upon those amend-
ments in the House of Representatives. I ask
the Senate as a favor to take up this bill at the
present time.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (PI. R. No. 299) to provide for car-
rying the mails from the United States to foreign
ports, and for other purposes. It provides that
all steamers and sailing vessels belonging to citi-
zens of the United States, emd bound from any
port m the United States to any foreign port, or
from any foreign port to any port in the United
States, shall, before clearance, receive on board and
securely convey all such mails as the Post Office
Department of the United States, or any minister,
consul, or commercial agent of the United States
abroad shall offer, and promptly deliver them to
the proper authorities on arriving at the point of
destination, and shall receive for such service such
reasonable compensation as may be allowed by
law. Upon the entry of every steamer or sailing
vessel from any foreign port the master or com-
mander thereof is to make return, on oath or af-
