2150
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 6,
tixnated in this report for the passage of the meas-
ure under consideration. The Secretary says:
u Impelled, therefore, by a profound sense of the present
necessity ot a national currency to the successful prosecu-
tion of the war against rebellion, and of its utility at all
times in protecting labor, cheapening exchanges, facilita-
ting travel. and increasing the safety of all business trans-
actions; and at the same time unwilling to urge even sal-
utary and necessary reforms in such a way as needlessly
fo disturb existing investments of capital, the Secretary
recommended, in two successive reports, the authorization
of national banking associations, to which the capital of
the corporations now issuing notes for circulation might be
transferred vrah advantage to the parties interested as well
as to the general public."
Again he says:
"If the policy thug indicated shall be fairly and judi-
ciously pursued, and proper measures adopted to induce
the conversion, at the earliest practicable period, of the
bank corporations of the States into national banking as-
sociations, and of the corporate circulation into national
currency, the Secretaiy believes, and, as he thinks, not
without good grounds, that all the money needed for prompt
payment of tioops, and for the mos,t vigorous prosecution
of the war, can be obtained by loans on reasonable terms;
while all interest on debt, and all ordinary expenditures,
and a considerable part, also, of the extraordinary expend-
itures caused by this war, will be met bv the ordinary re-
sources."
It would gratify me very much to have these
sentences explained. Jn financial questions the
rmnd wants something more than a rounded pe-
riod. It demands cold logic. It should not be
satisfied with anything less. I am willing to take
back all of my preconceived opinions against this
system of banking if some member of the Fi-
nance Committee will tell me how this measure
wili enable the Government to make loans on bet-
ter terms than itcan now make them. Why will
capital organized under this law he more prompt
to aid the Government than as organized at pres-
ent ? Capital generally looks to its own interests.
It seeks the safety of the Republic, because it is
in danger when the Government is lost. Capital
wants a stable Government, under whatever law
it may be incorporated. But conceding this amount
of patriotism to it, we all know that capilal is con-
stantly seeking to accumulate. If the Secretary
can satisfy the local banks of the security of Ins
loans he can negotiate loans with them at any
moment. After they have surrendered State char-
ters and accepted this law will they demand less
security? If they do, it will simply be because
their issues are less valuable than their present
issues. To inflate the currency would bring about
that result, but the Secretary seeks to avoid in-
flation as a great evil. But is it intended to pro-
cure the favor of these institutions by granting
them Government favors? If so they will soon
have entire control of the Government. Does the
mereorganizauon of capital under a loosely drawn
bill enable the Secretary of the Tieasury to lay
his hand on the surplus capital of the country?
I do not say " loosely drawn bill" to reflect on
the Fini'.uce Committee, for the very necessity of
having any such measure as this makes it neces-
sary to have wirnt I call a loosely prepared sys-
tem of banking. The work of the committee is
perhaps well enough so far as concerns mere ex-
ecution. The defect is inline system. The sys-
tem is false in its very inception. Falsehoodanil
blunders will follow it all the days of its life. Its
history will be one of corruption. Its death will
come when the country has been ruined by it.
IIow does it enable the Secretary of the Treasury
to lay his hands upon surplus capita] which would
not otherwise be obtained? How does it enable
rated
3 preposterous.
It cannot and wili not be argued now that ;t
will enable the Secretary of the Treasury to sell
bonds, as an inducement fo individuals to com-
mence banking by depositingthem with the Treas-
urer. Wosuch argument as thatcan well he urged,
because the banks of this countiy already hold
bonds enough to procure all the circulation author-
ized by the bill. They need to purchase no morf1.
They have enough to deposit the §300,000,000,
If they purchase any moie it will be because they
think the purchase profitable. But the other rea-
son is that it will give a sound currency. Mr.
President,! do not pretend tounderstanil'thesub-
ject of banking. I am no financier, but when I
examine a bill of this character and look at the
condition of the country I think 1 know that no
circulating medium issued in the manner provided
in it can ever he of any service to the people.
That is my candid impression. I cannot see
i_* v . < i   t. . i. JLW >Y Utn o U CIKIL
him to get it, merely by having it incorporat.
under this bill? To me the idea is nreposteroi,
wherein it wi'l aid the Secretary of the Treasury
either in making loans or improving the currency.
Why, sir, as'I have said, the banks have" enough
bonds now to commence banking under this sys-
tem. Without purchasing any more bonds they
can draw all the currency they may desire. How
in the world does itenable him to borrow money
that he could not otherwise borrow? Until rea-
sons, substantial reasons, founded upon some-
thing like common sense, be given, { .will not
believe that this measure gives any facilities for
making loans. It would be strange indeed if a
mere act of incorporation would change the nature
of capital. If legislative favors are designed to be
given to induce the loan of their worthless trash
to the Government, I for one will set my face
against granting those favors. Such conduct wilh
ultimately subject the Government to the most
heartless power on earth. It will first enslave and
then bankrupt the Government, while it destroys
the independence of the people. Three hundred
millions-of paper issue controlled by selfish cap-
italists,and combining from politicaloravaricious
motives, wo«ld be dangerous to the liberties and
property of the people.
But the Secretary of the Treasury gives another
reason to which I must allude. He complains of
the State banks that they inflate the cuirency and
prevent his properly carrying on the finances of
the Government. He says he cannot properly get
along under the load of difficulties thrown upon
him by Stale bank expansion. If that be true,
of course it is a serious objection to local bank
circulation. But I cannot see that it constitutes
any reason at all for theestablishment of this sys-'
tern, for the real evil is inflation. The Secretary
says:
" Much the qteater part of the me of prices not accounted
for by the causes just stated, ay well a< much the greater
pait of the difference between note* and gold, i-* attiibuta-
itle to the lArge amount of hank notes yet in citeulatmn."
Now, Mr. President, let us examine (his for a
moment. When the Secretary of the Treasury sent
this i eportto Congress on the 7th of last December,
what was the price of gold in New York? One
hundred and fifty-one. What is the price of gold
to-day? I have not seen the quotations this morn-
ing, hut it is not less anyhow than 180- Will
the Secretary of the Treasury or any gentleman
on this flooi tell mc how it is that gold has risen
in value between the 7th of December and this
lime? If this statement of the Secretary of the
Treasury be correct, that it is in consequence of
the inflation of the currency by the State banks,
how is u that gold has risen since that time?
Every gentleman here knows that the banks
throughout the country have been reducing their
circulation .since the 7th of December last, with
the exception, I brieve, of the State of Pennsyl-
vania. The only Statu I now lemember that has
inflated its currency in the least is the State of
Pennsylvania. It is a little singular, therefore,
that gentlemen will urge the adoption of this meas-
ure upon iiny.siieh ground. 1 tell Senators my
honest impiession is, if this bill passes and the
circulation contemplated by it is thrown upon the
country, that gold will continue to go up in the
market, and will go up very largely. "This meas-
ure will not check the rise in the price of gold.
It must increase the price.
Mr. President, I do not desite to detain the
Senate, and I have not taken its time upon this
measure, nor generally upon other measures; but
1 do desire while upon this subject of the State
banks to go back and look at a little statistical
information on the subject to ascertain whether
the charges made against them and the reasons
assigned for the organization of a system of bank-
ing of this character be true or not. if the desire
be to establish a system of banking for this coun-
try, and ultimately to get rid of the circulation of
the State banks, then 1 make this pertinent in-
quiry : does this system of banking give the coun-
try a circulation more secure than the State bank |
system ? |
If hanks of issue be in themselves wrong it 1
'will be enough to destroy those now in existence [
without establishing others. If constant evil at- '
tends bank circulation let us cut up the whole
thing and commence aright. But this is not pro-
posed. 11 would indeed be ludicrously mconsist- !
ent for an advocate of this measure to express !
any doubts about the general utility of bank cir-
culation, for if that-propooed now to be jsmtcd be ,
serviceable it would be difficult to conceive of
any that would be injurious.
Let us look for a moment at the State bank sys-
tem of this country as it has existed for the last
several years. I do not desire to be understood
as advocating or upholding in any measure what-
ever the State or local banks. If I had my way
I would abolish every bank of issue in this coun-
try. They are a convenience when established
upon specie and have no power to expand their
issues beyond actual capital. I do not say that
as a Senator I would vote for any proposition to
destroy State banks, because I do not believe I
have constitutional power to do any such thing.
This war, that the Senator from Massachusetts
speaks of as necessary to ,be organized against
the State banks, is a war, in my humble judg-
ment, against the Constitution of the country,
and therefore I cannot make any such war. I
cannot make this war with the mere purpose of
destroying those institutions. I can subject the
capital of those banks to the same taxation that I
subject other property to, but I will not go be-
yond that. If capital is invested in State banks,
I am willing to tax it just as I do capilal m the
national banks; and gentlemen will find that how-
ever fai they may stiay ftom that doctiine they
will have to come back to it in the end. No in-
justice of the character indicated here during the
discussion of this bill m regard to taxation will
be tolerated by the people. If equal taxation
upon the State banks shall destroy them let them
go. In that case revenue is the object, and the
overthrow of the banks the incident. 1 will do
nothing that looks to their destruction as the ob-
ject of legislation. We have no power to do so,
and if we had, it is against all propriety and ex-
pediency to exercise it.
fn 1850, by an examination of the statistics, I
find that there were in the United States 872 banks
with an aggregate capital of $227,469,077, with a
ciienlation of $155,012,881. Their deposit ac-
count amounted to $127,567,655. To meet these
liabilities they had of specie in their vaults $48,-
671,138, nearly thirty-three per cent, of their cir-
culation. In addition to this they had alocal and
exchange line of $412,607,653. Besides, they had
peihaps the larger partof their whole depositac-
cuunt on hand in the paper of good solvent banks
in different parts of the country.
In 1860 the banks had increased in number to
1,642, with a capital of $421,890,095. The cir-
culation at that period was $207,102,477. Their
deposit account was $253,802,129.' Their coin on
hand amounted to $83,564,528, nearly one half
of their entire circulation; while their loans
amounted to $091,495,580.
The Senator from Ohio, a year ago, on the in-
troduction of (he bill of which this is an amend-
ment, urged its adoption upon the ground of the
multiplicity of banks organized under State laws.
That I admit wasan objection to the State banks.
Now, how many hanks are we getting underfills
law? I believe that from threehundred and fifty
to three hundred and ninety national banks have
already been organized under the law of last year,
and they have now issued $29,000,000 of paper.
If we go on at that rate, the Senator from Ohio
will find that we shall have many more banks es-
tablished in this country under this system, fur-
nishing the same amount of circulation, than un-
der the State bank system.
The fact is, if a circulation of $29,000,000 re-
quires even three hundred arid fifty jjanks, the
proposed circulation of $300,000,000 will require
about thirty-six hundred banks. The old law re
quired that they should all be known as national
banksand their currency should all be alike. This
hill permits them to assume any name they choose.
Hence that beauty of similarity, that preventive
of counterfeiting, thatvhtueof unifounity, is ail
to be sacrificed to a very natural desire on the part
of the banks to retain the old names under which
they have acquired a deserved reputation for solv-
ency and correct dealing. The B.uik of Com-
merce would not be the ninety-eighth national
bank of New York, but it wishes no doubt to con-
tinue as the Bank of Commerce. It would require
many years to give thathank the characters now
enjoys under the old name. Banks to be benefi-
cial need age. The community wants solidity,
capital, good management, punctuality, honest
directors, and legitimate banking in all institutions
of this character. I do not blame ihc old, long-
