1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
215JL
established banks, possessing a character for solv-
ency and fair dealing, that they should be unwill-
ing to give up their names. In this case there is
something in a name. The only thing that aston-
ishes me is that they should be willing to surren-
der charters which gave them renown for vigor,
health, and security, and accept a rotten charter
that throws suspicion upon them in the infancy
of life under it. I am more astonished that they
should be willing to enter upon a reckless and un-
worthy system of banking, which will sooner or
later tarnish their good names, ruin themselves,
and bring distress upon all within their influence.
But, Mr. President, what was the fact in re-
gard to the State banks ? I undertake to say that
in a large majority of eases those banks are sub-
jected to a most rigid examination under State
laws. The registers, commissioners, or bank
superintendents of some sort were required to go
perhaps twice a year and examine them person-
ally. Their circulation was furnished generally
by brfhk commissioners or registers, whose busi-
ness it was to confine them to the limits fixed by
the State law. In nearly all cases they are re-
quired to keep on hand a large reserve of coin. In
the large cities they are required to make daily
reports of their condition, and the most obscure
country bank is compelled to-makequarterly ex-
hibits. What is the case under this bill ? What
sort of reports do you have under the bank sys-
tem now presented to us as, a national system of
banking, which is to furnish a uniform currency
throughout the United States?" The only uni-
formity there can be in it, in my honest judgment,
is that it will be uniformly bad. Will the mer-
cantile community of New York, Boston, Phila-
delphia, Cincinnati, and St. Louis be satisfied
with aquai terly report from the institutions having
their fortunes peihaps in their vaults? Such a
thing cannot be. Will the bank commissioner be
able ever to go and examine these three or four
thousand shinplaster shops? J say not, and we
all know it cannot be done.
But to proceed with the State banks. Usury
generally subjected them to the forfeiture of
charter; at the least to heavy penalties. The re-
fusal to pay in coin was followed by large inter-
est on the paper protested, in the shape of penalty;
and continued suspension for a certain period,
generally short, forfeited the charter and forced
the institution into liquidation. Contracts made
in violation of their charters are declared void,
and any person in interest can avoid them.
I am now speaking of the provisions generally
found m State bank charters, in order presently
to draw a comparison between them and the
provisions of the bill under consideration, which
it is said is to furnish to us this greatly needed
currency that is to be uniform in value through-
out the country. I am aware that the State banks
have heretofore very ingeniously managed to
avoid many, if not all, of these wise and whole-
some restraints imposed by the States. As cap-
ital has done in the past it will do in the future,
and you will not get rid of these difficulties un-
der the proposed banking system; indeed they
will be much greater than under any State bank
law of which I have any knowledge. As I said
before, I do not desire to be understood as de-
fending the State banks or as attempting to urge
upon the Senate any right upon their part to
issue currency; I am aware of their shortcom-
ings; but it fiptims to me illogical to complain of
evils existing under a good system, even if it be
a State system—evils, indeed, inseparable from
all bank issues—and then to urge the adoption of
a measure, wholly without safeguards, without
a dollar of coin, propped up on public credit, issu-
ing unlimited quantities of irredeemable paper,
convulsing the country with its contractions and
expansions, producing at one time the corrup-
tions of extravagance, at another the distress that
follows monoy panics, corrupting the rich and
degrading the poor.
Mr. President, John Law's system of banking
in Paris when first organized was infinitely a bet-
ter system than this. If i recollect aright, he re-
quired in his banking system that twenty-five per
cent, of the capital subscribed should be paid in
in coin. It is true that coin had been debased and
depreciated to the extent of one fifth in value by
the action of Louis XIV a short time previous;
but the twenty-five per cent, at least would have
been worth twenty per cent, m coin, even after
its depreciation. He required then that at least
twenty per cent, of the capital stock subscribed
should be paid in in coin, and he required thatthe
balance of stock should be paid m in French se-
curities—the bonds of the Frenph Government—
which at that time were no further depreciated
below gold than the bonds an'd greenbacks of the
United States to-day. What was his system or-
ganized for? It was under the pretense on the
part of the Duke of Orleans that he could pay the
public debt; that he could get rid in this way en-
tirely of the public debt, fund it, merge it into the
bank, make it a part of the capital stock of the
institution, and thus relieve the Governmentof it.
It was to get the people to sustain the bank with
all their wealth, and then the bank could carry
the Government through its embarrassments.
Why are we organizing this system now? It
is to facilitate loans, to enable us to contract ad-
ditional debt, and, just as John Law proposed,
to make this public debt a basis for a circulating
medium. If we maketfiese banks carry the pub-
lic debt all will be ruined. Such was the case
then. Such will it be now. I undertake to say
that this experiment of banking on nothing has
been tried often enough to show its fallacy. You
can no more establish a bank upon public credit
and make that bank live than you can do any
other impossible thing—no more than you can
make money out of paper and lampblack. When-
ever we arrive at that degree of proficiency m
money-making that we can take a piece of paper,
stamp upon it the amount that it shall be worth,
and make it worth that amount, we shall have
arrived at the point of making this a good bank-
ing system.
Mr. President, unless wo are to-day prepaicd
to say iifcour judgment that paper with pictures
on it, the landing of Columbus and other designs
connected with the history of America, is money,
then ought we^to know that this tluflg will fail.
It was tried in" England and failed; it was tried
in France and failed; we tried it during'the rev-
olutionary war, and called every man a Tory who
would not declare it was money, even while he
was paying $1,000 for a breakfast; we tried it
in 1836, and a most inglorious failure followed.
The Mjifedcrnte States have tried it and failed.
We hffigh at their failure day after day, and fol-
low them as though we admired Mi. Memmin-
ger's financial sagacity.
What was the cause of the failure of the free
banking system of the western States a few years
ago ? We of the West have had sufiicientexpen-
ence on that subject. The free banking system
of the western States which brought rum mid dis-
tress upon that section in 1857 and 1858 was far
superior to the proposed system. That system
required redemption m coin, and compelled are-
serve fund to meet immediate liabilities far greater
than this system docs.
Now, permit, me to look for a moment—and 1
call the attention of the Senator from Ohio to it
—at the security presented in the measure now
before us for the redemption of the notes. What
does it propose? I believe the word " coin" ia
not used in the bill, any more than the word u sla-
\ery" is used in the Constitution of the United
States. No circulating medium ever was good,
or ever will be made good, t hat is not convertible
into coin. It may be tried a thousand times, and
it will fail every time. Each attempt will but
further attest the truth that it is beyond the power
of man to make something out of nothing.
In specified cities, the redemption points un-
der the proposed measuie, (and those redemp-
tion points are now reduced to only three by an
amendment which has been adopted,) the banks
must keep on hand twenty-five per cent, in law-
ful money of their circulation and deposits.
What does that twenty-five percent, now amount
to ? It is equal to thirteen and eighty-eight hun-
dredths per cent, m com, paper bewig worth but
fifty-five cents and a half on the dollar. At all
other points—and you will find that the banks of
circulation will be generally at these other points—
they are lequiied to keep but fifteen per cent, in
lawful money, and that is equal to eight and one
third per cent, in com.
Now suppose a country bank is established
under this bill with a capital of $500,000, what
will be its issues? Four hundred and fifty thou-
sand dollars, it will purchase $500,000 of United
States bonds as its capital, and issue §450,000 of
notes. I have shown that the average amount of
the deposit account in the banks of this country
is over half the capitaj stock. Then suppose-tho
bank receives deposits to the amountof $250^000,
the immediate demands against the institution
will be $700,000. These are demands that ixjay
come against the bank any day, and an jr good,
system of banking must look to the funds, ori
hand for the redemption of the immediate liabil-
ities. 'Now what is required to be kept on hand
for the redemption of this $700,000 of immediate
liabilities in the bank? It loans As money, I
mean the currency it draws on deposit .of bonds.
I cannot of course tell what will be the amount
or the value of its loans, but I will suppose- that
it usps the whole amount which it can loan. In
prosperous times it will loan all. Then it will
liave loans on hand amounting to $450,000. If
this system of inflation continues much longer,
gentlemen will find thatthe liabilities due to bank-
ing associations under this law in the course of a
few years will be worth very little, for the whole
country will be in a state of bankruptcy and In-
solvency, and it cannot be expected that in such
a condition of things the liabilities due to the
banks will be of much value. Banks, of course,
in order to make double interest—interest on the
bonds of the United States deposited here and
interest on the currency drawn—will attempt to
put into circulation all of their notes. It will be
their interest to do so, and they will endeavor to
force their notes upon the community. This is
but natural; all banks without the fear of specie
redemption before their eyes do it; and there is
no reason why these banks should not do so, and
especially under a law which puts no curb what-
ever upon them.
1 know that to say anything against a measure
which the general feeling of a* body of which a
man is a member insists is right only renders him
who says anything against it ridiculous at the
time; but 1 am satisfied, in the course of the next
five or six yeais what I am now saying will be
sufficiently vindicated by the history of the coun-
'try. The history that has been will be again.
The South Soa bubble will explode again, and the
results of John Law's banking system will inevi-
tably foliowthis. It cannot be otherwise. The
experience of the western banking system based
upon public stocks will be repeated again, be-
cause of the simple fact that you do not, make
money out of public ciedit; it is debt; it is hot
capital. It is a false idea that anything of that
charactcr is money; and whenever we build upon
it we build upon a sandy foundation, and the
house that is built thereon will fall.
It will not do to tell me that the wants of the
Treasury demand that we shall adopt this scheme.
I say that anything which destroys the credit of
the country destroys the credit of the Treasury,
and anything that destroys the creditof the Treas-
ury will, as the Senator from Massachusetts says,
•hamper our soldiers in the fi<ild.
But suppose the bank which I am creating has
an amount of loans equal to the circulation,
$450,000. WheiKa run, in the usuallanguage,
is made upon the Kink, how much of that can be
reasonably expected to be realized? I undertake
to say that under this system, if ten percent, can
be realized in order to meet immediate demands,
it will be doing very well. Then it will get
$45,000 out of its loan account. A country bank
will notbe expected to havea very large exchange
account. Its loans will be on its local line, loans
for three, six, and nine months, and if it can get
teif per cent, on those loans it will be as much as
it can do. In the western States in 1857, after
the insurance company at Cincinnati failed, it is
notorious that many of the banks could not real-
ize five per cent, at any given date wpon the amount
of their loans. But gentlemen say this banking
system is founded upon United States stocks, and
therefoie it is infinitely better than that western
system which was founded on State stocks. Let
me say that the very State bonds that were filed
with the register in Wisconsin and Illinois and
otherSlatesin the West, to furnish a basisofcir-
culation in those States in 1857 and 1858, never
sunk so low below gold as United States sixes to-
day,although the people suffered so much bythe
depreciation of those bonds.
It will not do to say that it is disloyal to make
this assertion. We might as well come up and
meet this question as men. We know very well
