THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, JANUARY 12, 18G3.
New Seuies No. 9.
buy. This commission is to ascertain and fix, at
once, a proper location. On the report of a ma-
jority of them, approved by the Secretary of the
Navy and the President of the United States, the
Secretary of the Navy is to procure the cession
of the ground indicated, by the neccssary deeds
from owners and by legislative grants.
The third section appropriates §300,000for the
purpose of carrying out the provisions of the act.
The bill was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
CONSTRUCTION OF MARINE ENGINES.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland, offered the follow-
ing resolution, and moved the previous question
on its adoption:
Rcsotccd, That the Committee on Naval Affairs do inves-
tigate without delay and leport to the House the facts in
relation to the plana and stiucture of the marine engines
constructed and now in cour&e ofconsu uction for the Navy;
and m what essential particular they differ from the rna-
uiie eii'Tino* heretofore used in the Navy and now used
in the eorujjK'ieial steamers and the navies of France and
England, and whether their inadequate power and speed
are caused by such differences; and hy whoseauthoiity, and
on what expenments and under whose supervision such
changes wcie introduced; and whether any unfan prac-
tices were revolted to by any person in or under the author-
ity of the Navy Department, m the mode of running or
handling or managing the engine of the Pensacola, with a
view to bieak it down and bring it and the plan 011 which
it built into di-H'pute; and whether any person con-
nected witli the Navy Depaitment has received any fees or
counm^iori oreompen^ation of any kind from anycontiact-
ora loi engines lor the Navy, 01 compelled any payments of
lees toi patented improvements to persons not entitled to
tlioni, by pei.-oiH coutiacting for engines oi paits thcieof;
ami that the committee be authorized to requuc the opin-
ion ol the Academy of Sciences on any scientific question
involved in theit investigaiions and neeessaiy to be solved
m oidei to ainvmg at a satisfactory icaiilt; and that they
have leave to lepoit at any time ; and that the committee
be authorized to send for pei&ons and papers.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered; and under its operation
the resolution was adopted.
THE BRITISH SCHOONER GLEN.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a letter
from the President of the United States, trans-
mitting a copy of the decree of the court of the
United States for the southern district of New
Yoik, awarding the sum of §17,150 60 for the
illegal capture of the British schooner Glen, and
requesting that an appropriation of that amount
be made as an indemnification to the parties in-
terested; winch was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
CONSULAR .AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the bill No. 40,
the consular and diplomatic appropriation bill,
be made the special order in Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended; and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Pendle-
ton in the chair,) and proceeded to the consid-
eration, as a special order, of the consular and
diplomatic appropriation bill.
The bill having been read through, the Clerk
proceeded to read it by clauses for amendment.
Mr. BROOKS. 1 desire to make an inquiry
of the ehanman of the Committee of Ways and
Means. I see here appropriations for minis-
ters to Guatemala, Nicaragua, Costa Rica, Hon-
duras, and San Salvador. I desire to know
whether there are separate ministers for each of
those States, or whether one minister does not
peiform the duties in all of them.
Mr. STEVENS. I cannot say precisely how
that fact is. I am inclined to think, however,
that each of those States has a resident minister.
Mr. BROOKS. Let me suggest to the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means, if
lie litM not looked into that subject, to give it his
attention, llitheito, under preceding Adminis-
trations. we were accustomed to have but one
9
minister to all those Central American States. The
States are small, and travel through them has been
much facilitated by the introduction of steamboats.
I should think it unnecessary to have more than
one minister for the whole of them.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman is probably
aware that the Committee of Ways and Means
has no power to abolish any of these missions.
We simply take the law as we find it, and report
the appropriation. I do not see how we can do
otherwise, at present, than pass the bill as it is.
Mr. BROOKS. I understand that it is the duty
of the Committee of Ways and Means to report
appropriations for missions provided for by law,
but it is also the custom of the House, and has
been, to my knowledge, for the last twenty years,
to abolish missions by refusing appropriations
for them.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask the gentleman whether
he supposes we can abolish, under the rules, any
of those missions?
Mr. BROOKS. Certainly.
Mr. STEVENS. X know we can withhold
the appropriations for them, and thus compel the
recall of the minister. But we cannot, I suppose,
change the law.
Mr. BROOKS. If we abolish the appropria-
tion, of course there is no minister.
Mr. Chairman, hitherto for these small States
I think under previous Administrations, but I can-
not be sure of that, there was but one minister.
Tn the olden time, certainly tinder the old Wing
and Democratic Administrations of the Govern-
ment prior to the Administration of General Tay-
lor,there was but one minister appointed for these
Central American States. One isamply sufficient
to do all of the business that is necessary to be
done. These positions are mere sinecures, and
now, when the whole resources of the country are
needed to carry on an important civil war, it
seems to be wise on the part of the House to lessen
these representatives as much as possible.
But, sir, the whole responsibility devolves, I
know, upon the other side, and all that I can do
is, as these appropriations come up, to call the
attention of Congress to them. I do not want to
make any paity objection or party opposition.
I wish to state facts, and the other side of the
House can take the responsibility if it pleases.
Mr. STEVENS. I am quite sure that the gen-
tleman ftom Now York does not want to embar-
rass the House or the Administration in this mat-
ter. Nor do I suppose that the. suggestion he
makes, throwing the whole responsibility upon
this side ©f the House, is intended for any dema-
gogical purpose. I know that the gentleman is
above that. I will simply say that these missions
have been long established. They have not been
established by this side of the House. They were
established when that side of the House had to
take the responsibility, and we are only now con-
tinuing appropriations to ministers which they
have appointed and sent abroad. I do not see that
it is wise for the House to refuse to pay them, nor
do I think that this is the time, when we have so
many interests everywhere, when we have so
many troubles abroad, when these marauding
vessels of the enemy are putting into all of these
ports—I say that I do not think this is the proper
time to withdraw our watchfulness from these
places. When we have peace again,! hope that
we will have less expenditures in this as in the
other branches of the Government, but I ask
whether it would be wise to interfere at this time
with these appropriations? Our ministers there
have so managedatFairs thatwehave maintained,
am id st great perplexities and great troubles, peace
with all foreign nations. I suggest therefore that
these appropriations ought to beVotod. it is just
and proper to continue these ministers. j
Mr. COX. I have the floor, but I will yield to ]
the gentleman from New Yoik to make a motion. !
Mr. BROOKS. I shall simply dischaige my j
duty, and move to stuk< out <£ Guatemala, Nica- ;
ragua, Co^ta Rica, and San Salvador," and to j
insert in lieu thereof a provision for one minister i
to the States of Central America. '■
Mr. COX. Mr. Chairman, I am opposed to
that amendment. I am a little surprised that a
gentleman representing the commercial metropo-
lis of the United States should have made it. I
am afraid that the gentleman's mind is going back
to the early days when the importance of these
Central American States was notdeveloped,or they
were not as well known as they are now. Some
ten or twelve years ago we had a minister to Cen-
tral America. I believe that he was appointed
from my own State of Ohio. He went down
there under President Tyler, and was not heard
of for four years. He circulated from one por-
tion to another. He was a lost man there—how-
ever, drawing his salary. He was of no use to
the country, of no use to our citizens down there,
and it is indispensable to have an American min-
ister at each one ofthese Central American States,
and has been so since the trouble upon the isth-
mus, and ever since we have endeavored to estab-
lish a transit from ocean to ocean. It is indis-
pensably necessary to have these ministers, be-
cause they cannot travel readily from place to
place there as in some other countries, as in Tur-
key—from Greece or Rome to Turkey. I am
opposed to coalescing these various embassies.
We need these men there for the purpose of pro-
tecting our citizens who are resident there, or who
may go across the isthmus. Those countries are
volcanic, politically and physically, and whenever
a revolution takes place our citizens are placed in
jeopardy unless we have a minister there.
Mr. STEVENS. I would ask the gentleman
from Ohio whether there is any Central American
Government in existence?
Mr. COX. There is not.
Mr. STEVENS. So I supposed.
Mr. COX These are all separate Governments.
There is there a Government called the United
States of Colombia, formerly New Granada, where
we will have a minister at Bogota or Panama.
These ministers arc absolutely indispensable for
the protection of our citizens; and in these times,
when the ocean is made the scene of so many pi-
ratical exploits from one part of the ocean to the
other, these old ranging-groundsof pnvateeis, the
Caribbean sea especially, will be the place chosen
for their purposes, unless we have the ensign of
the United States to protect our shipping and our
interests.
Mr. DAVIS,of Maryland. I desire to add one
consideration to those already urged so strenu-
ously by my friend from Ohio. The civil troubles
in the United States have developed a deep-seated
hostility in several of the European Governments,
and one of them has intruded with armed power
into Mexico, for the purpose of establishing upon
our boiders a monarchical government menacing
the institutions of the United States. Before the
breaking out of the rebellion Prance would not
have thought it prudent to put a man in arms in
Mexico for any such purpose.
The designs of the European Governments ex-
tend, in my judgment, to the whole of what the
Emperor of the French terms " Latin America;"
and if the United States mean that their influence
shall meet European influence wheiever it may
see fit to show itself in Latin America,then there
we must have our representatives near all those
Governments. I think very possibly one gentle-
man might discharge all the ordinary duties re-
lating to commercial matters among several of
those Governments. The material tiling is not
the protection of our commerce, but the represen-
tation and protection of our political power, our
political iniluence, and the interests of republican
government, represented by the United States,
and which, I take it, we mean to maintain in Cen-
tral America, aswcllas m Mexico, when the tune
shall come.
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Chairman, i need hardly
say that 1 regret to differ with myfnend from
New York, [Mr. Brooks,] whose susceptibilities
I unfortunately and quite unintentionally wounded
a day or two before the adjournment; or that I
find juutial compensation for it m being for once
able to agree with the distinguished gentleman
