1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
first part of the session scarcely a bill was con-
sidered at all that did not have some connection
with the colored race. The very measure that
the Senator now asks to be considered by the
Senate has once been considered, I think has oc-
cupied nearly one week of the time of the Sen-
ate, and the judgment of the Senate upon the
different questions has been d istinctly pronounced
to the effect that the Senate was willing to repeal
the law of 1850, but unwilling to repeal the law
of 1793. Is it just to the other interests of the
country, is it just to the soldiers in the field, is
it just to the farmers at home that everything
relating to their interests shall give way for the
consideration of this bill which has once been
considered by the Senate at great length ?
If Senators think that this race demands the
attention of the body to the exclusion of every
other interest of the country, then let us say at
once that the Senator from Massachusetts shall
have all the balance of the session for his partic-
ular measure. His Freedmen's Bureau bill has
been pressed upon the Senate, and I supposed
when he was calling for the attention of the Sen-
ate that it was to press the immediate considera-
tion of that bill. It has.been partly debated, and
I can see that it is but fair to give the Senator the
opportunity to close the discussion upon that bill,
and to come to a vote. I should not oppose it,
because to some extent the Senate has considered
it; and 1 am in favor, when we consider a bill, of
prosecuting that examination until we come to a
result.
But now the Senatorlays that bill aside,know-
ing it has some claim upon the Senate, and that
it can be claimed as soon as this is disposed of,
with a view-of taking up this bill, which in my
judgment has no claim upon the Senate. Of what
practical consideration is the bill that the Senator
now proposes to take up? Will the Senator say
to the Senate that there is a single fugitive slave
now being returned? Will the Senator say that
any law upon that subject is now being enforced,
.or that there has, under the fugitive slave law of
1850 or 1793, been a single slave returned to his
master within the last six months? I undertake
to say, from my observation and reading, that
not a single slave has been returned upon the de-
mand of a claimant since this Congress met, and
probably there would not be one within the coming
year. The condition of the country precludes it.
1 find no fault with the Administration for not ex-
ecuting these laws in the present condition of the
country. It is practically impossible to do it;
but the fact that the laws are for the time being
a dead letter upon the statute-book is a reason
why the Senator shall not crowd out other busi-
ness, why the Senate need not prolong the ses-
sion to take up a hill of no pressing practical im-
portance. The bill that the Senate passed is
before the House of Representatives. I am not
aware that it has received the consideration of the
House. The Senator cannot say that upon any
vote of the House that body has declined to con-
cur ill the views expressed by the Senate, so far
as I have observed the action of the House. Then
may we not well wait until the House shall con-
sider our bill, which was sent to that body, as I
understand, before this bill came to this body?
Am I wrong in that?
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator is wrong. Our
bill has never been finally acted upon.
Mr. HENDRICKS. In this body?
Mr. SUMNER. In this body.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then, Mr. President, I
shall not object to the Senator calling up the Sen-
ate bill. I was absent necessarily forafew days
during the session, and 1 understood from the
reading of the proceedings of Congress that that
bill had been finally disposed of, and had gone to
the House of Representatives. Butifl am wrong
in that, then we ought to take up that bill. The
Senate has expressed its views upon the contested
questions involved in it, and we know just where
we stand upon it, and can certainly come to a
vote at a very early hour. But if we have got to
go over the whole subject, then this bill must oc-
cupy a very considerable portion of this week.
Then will come up the Senator's bureau bill for
the benefit of the freedmen, or, as the Senator
from West Virginia [Mr. Willey] says, forthe
purpose of reenslaving the colored people who
have becomefree by the fortunes of war; and thus
all the time that Senators in their mind have al-
lowed for the continuance of the session has to
be taken up by the peculiar measures of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts.
1 have not pressed, before this time, an objec-
tion to the consideration of these questions. If
the Senator's party can well stand the exclusion
of every other business for the consideration of
that which relates to the colored people, I think
I can try and endure it. I must confess that there
are some subjects that would be more gratifying
to my tastes; but in a political point of view!
shall try to endure it. But I think now, as we
have all come to the conclusion that we shall ad-
journ during the early part of next week, we
ought to take up such measures as are important
for the machinery of the Government, forthe ben-
efit of the Army, for the benefit of the Navy, for
the benefit of the civil Departments of the Govern-
ment, pass them through, and let us go home.
The merits of every other question that the Sen-
ator has peculiarly in charge have been consid-
ered. He cannot say that the Senate has refused
to consider liis bills when he has urged them.
The Senator has so much determination of pur-
pose about him that it cannot be avoided thathis
bills shall be considered. Sometimes I have
agreed to consider them rather than fight his de-
termined demand. Beingzealous inhiscauseof
course is a merit, if his cause is right, which I do
not choose to discuss just now; but in view of.the
fact that we have a liill on this subject to a very
considerable extent matured according to the judg-
ment of the Senate, and in view ofthe further fact
that this question has no practical importance,
there being no slaves returned to bondage, I in-
sist that the Senate ought not to take up that
bill.
Mr. HOWARD. The bill which the Senator
from Massachusetts desires to have taken up has
passed the House of Representatives. The effect
of it, as I understand, is to repeal the fugitive slave
act of 1793, and also thftfugitive slave act of 1850.
The House of Representatives have considered
this subject of sufficient importance to justify
them in spending a considerable time in the dis-
cussion of it, and in finally passing this bill; and
yet, sir, we are blessed with the superior judg-
ment of the Senator from Indiana who informs
us that this bill is not worthy of our considera-
tion at this time. That seems to be his opinion;
and in order to convince the rest of us that it is
thus unworthy he spends considerable time in
making a very interesting speech to us. I think
differently. I think it is high time that the Senate
of the United States should take this subject un-
der their consideration and should pass upon the
great questions which have so long agitated the
people of the United States connected with the
rendition of fugitive slaves. I do not say, I will
not pretend, that it is the greatest or the most
weighty measure that can be presented to our con-
sideration; but I say this, that it is worthy of our
immediate consideration and attention, and I hope
the Senate will take it up, especially as the House
of Representatives have seen fit to send it to us
for our consideration.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, this is a
very practical question indeed The motion, I
believe, is to take up for consideration the bill
which proposes to repeal the several fugitive slave
acts.
[At this point Mr. Morgan, by unanimous
consent, reported a bill forthe repeal of the com-
mutation clause, to be found in another portion
of the proceedings.]
Mr. DOOLITTLE. With the leave of the
Senator from Delaware I desire to make a motion.
I believe the Senate perfectly understands the bill
just reported from the Committee on Military
Affairs by the Senator from New York repeal-
ing the commutation clause, and as it is not ne-
cessary to enter into a discussion upon it, I pre-
sume we can take it up now and vote upon it.
Mr. SUMNER. There is another question
pending.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It can only
be done by unanimous consent.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Then, with the leave of
the Senator from Delaware, I will move to amend
the motion of the Senator from Massachusetts
by dividing it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is not
in order.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. What is the motion?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. To postpone
all prior orders and tjtke up the bill indicated by
the Senator from Massachusetts. ' >
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will move that that
moiion lie upon the table for the purpose of taking
up the bill I have indicated.
Mr. WILSON. I hope there will not be
effort made to antagonize these two bills. : i
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Sfieh a motion
is not in order. ,
Mr. SAULSBURY. I was about to remarjk
that the motion, as I understood, was to take up1
for consideration a bill from the House of Repre-
sentatives to repeal the several fugitive slave act&.
Of course, under a motion of this kind we cannot
enter into a general discussion as to the propriety
of the repeal; but it is allowable, I believe, to as-
sign some reasons briefly why the bill should not
be taken up for consideration, and I think there
are various reasons.
The first reason I shall assign why this bill
should not be taken up for consideration is the
fact that no practical good can result from it.
Everybody in this country who knows anything
knows that the interest of no persons in any of the
States can be affected by it, except persons resid-
ing in three or four bordter States. It is known
to everybody that there is not a slave in any of
those States who is not perfectly free to go where
he pleases. The military power of this Govern-
ment is now extended over those States,, and at
every cross-roads there is one of these sentinels
of modern freedom stationed to see that if a negro
wants to escape from his master he can escape.
No one, I apprehend, has an idea that if a negro
was to escape to the delightful garden of Mas-
sachusetts, or New England, or any of the free
States, that he could possibly under any circum-
stances be recaptured, notwithstanding the ex-
istence of the fugitive slave act. What earthly
good then can result to the slave from taking up
this bill for consideration and occupying the time
of the Senate with it? I presume it is perfectly
allowable to discuss it in this shape, because three
fourths-of all the labors of this body during the
present session have been devoted to the consid-
eration of the interests of the negro to the ex-
clusion ofthe real interests of the white man.
Then, sir, if it were true that there was a slave
in any of these border States that could be recap-
tured if he was to run away, this bill should not
be taken up for consideration to repeal the act,
because his escape and the prevention of his re-
capture would be an injury to the slave. What
has this modern philanthropy done for the negro
slaves? Taken them from happy and comfort-
able homes, reduced them to wantand starvation,
and brought them down to the grave by hundreds
and thousands. And now, sir, wherever they
have an opportunity to return they are returning
in flocks, as I have been informed by gentlemen
acquainted with the subject.
If the Senate of the United States take this bill
up for consideration it must be simply for pur-
pose of agitation, simply for the purpose of mak-
ing their legislation during this session a little
more symmetrical by showing that the paramount
interests which they have at heart are the sup-
posed interests of the negro race. Are we to be
kept here during the entire month of July to con-
sider questions of this character and to act upon
bills of this nature? Is it to be supposed that i}
bill which ignores all the lessons of the past,
which repudiates all the examples of the past,
is to be passed through this Senate in a moment
or in a day? Is it supposed that if you take itup
for consideration there will not be discussiou upon
it? Have we become so much wiser than our
fathers who enacted the fugitive slave act of 1793,
that we who believe they acted wisely for the
good both of the white and black races are to
be expected to sit here quietly and allow the
repeal of that law without discussing its merits?
If gentlemen so suppose they are very much mis-
taken. Sir, we should be untrue to the men of
the past, to the men who shaped our institutions,
the men who made the Constitution of the coun-
try and afterwards put that Constitution into op-
eration , if we were to allow without a protest the
wiseacres of the present day to declare that their
acts were founded in injustice and wrong. When
I use that term I do not apply it to any member
of this body, because theft would not only be dis-
courteous but it is what I do not mean. I speak
