130
THE,CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 7,
from Ohio, [Mr. Cox,] who—though it is not ex-
actly pertinent to this question—thinks conscrip-
tion unconstitutional,and cites Dr. Lieber to prove
what that distinguished man, in a recent letter to
me, says he never believed or uttered—"thatthe
draft was un-American and anti-democratic."
But to the point. It strikes me the motion now
made is exceedingly inopportune,if iucver would
have been a wise one. He who will read Stephens's
Travels in Central America, will find there the
story of a very long but interesting peregrina-
tion by an American minister in quest of the Gov-
ernment of Central America. He could not find
it, and returned, to report that he had been utterly
unable to find it, though he had traveled over the
country once within its jurisdiction.
But there never has been a time, for reasons
so ably assigned by the gentleman from Mary-
land, [Mr. Davis,] as well as those given by the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Cox,] when it was
more important to have American influence near
to or at the center of each of the States named
in the gentleman's amendment. Settlement has
in my judgment beenunduly confined to the grain-
growing regions of our country and the world.
The time has come when commerce, manufac-
tures, and perhaps higher interests than these, re-
quire tropicaldevelopmentand civilization. There
is no lack of the productions of the temperate re-
gion; no lack of skill for their production. Com-
merce and industry often suffer from over-produc-
tion of our staples, and are embarrassed for want
of a market in which to exchange or dispose of
the surplus; they also suffer from want of those
tropical pioductions Unit enterinto our commerce
and manufactures, grace our tables, and make life
agreeable. But the time 1ms come when, under
piovidential guidance, and led by providential
events, we are to have a natural tropical expan-
sion, and large bodies of our people arc to go to
the very States of Central America from which
the gentleman would withdraw our representa-
tives, beaung with them, if we will permit, ourlan-
guuge,our laws, our thoughts, our habits, and
our institutions.
The last year has given freedom to millions of
a race whose ancestois came fiom a region near
the sun. They occupy a portion of our States,
in which they huvo been enslaved, and whom they
an« despised. Make them free as we are to move
at our wills; make them enlightened enough to
know where interest leads them and where nature
invites them to settle, and the black men of the
boider States and of the northern States will, as
I have intimated, carry thither our language,our
laws, and our liie,uml will in time, I trust,"estab-
lish our llag and our Government in the legions
once known as Central Ameiica; for, alas ! the
doctiinu of State sovereignty and the fact of seces-
sion have extinguished the republic.
He who will look at the map of America, and
study the climate and resources of the region in-
dicated by the gentleman who moves to strike out
these States, and will also glance at the social and
political hfe of those States, will see the induce-
ments to emigration which that icgion holds out
to those whose presence in our midst is, to say
the least, not desirable to a majority of our peo-
ple. Color is theie a mere question of taste, it
is in no degree apolitical or social question. Mr.
Stephens, in the book to which 1 have referred,
toils us that his first breakfast in Central Amer-
ica was taken under these circumstances: it was
in Butisii Honduras, at Eaiize. He had been
told by a British merchant that he would find him
lodgings, and would take hun to introduce him
to the " lady" under whose roof he was to find
them. He found the " lady" to be a " mulatto
woman." Having closed a contract with lus fu-
ture landlady, he accepted an invitation to break-
last with another British merchant. He found
the merchant at one end of the table, his wife at
the other; each had a British officer on the one
side, and each a colored gentleman on the other;
lus seat was between the two colored gentlemen;
he took it. But let him speak for himself. This
Democratic representative of the United States
Government, the appointee of President Van
Buren, thus describes the incident and moralizes
on it:
" On my way back F stopped at the house of a meichant,
whom 1 found at what is called a second brcakfas-t. The
gentleman sat at one side or the table aud his lady on the
other. At the head was a British officer, aud opposite ium
a iuuiaUo; on lib left another ofFioer, ami oj.\po&ito
him also a mulatto. By chance a place was made for me
between the two colored gentlemen. Rome of my coun-
trymen, peihaps, would have hesitated about taking it, but
I did not. Both were well dressed, well educated, and
polite. They talked of their mahogany woiks, ot England,
hunting, horses, ladies, and wine; and betoie I had been
an hour in Bahze I learned that the great work of practical
amalgamation, the subject of so much angiy controversy
at homo, had been going on quietly for generations ; that
color was consideiod mere matter of taste; and that some
of the most ie>pectable inhabitants had black wives and
mongrel children, whom they educated with asmuch care,
and made money for with as mucli zeal, as if their skins
were perfectly white."
The incident purified our minister of some
prejudice. May not the great events now occur-
ring bless us to the same extent? I think that
the publication of the journal of the travels of a
minister in search of a past Government might do
something to induce emigration to this region so
rich in its resources and so undeveloped. At any
rate, at a time when Nature and Providence are
inviting a large emigration from our over-labored
region to those States, with which commercial
intercourse could bo developed with so much ad-
vantage to both parties, let us not withdiaw the
presence and power of our Government from any
one of them. Our fellow-citizens of African de-
scent, freed by the rebellion, will not be long in
Americanizing this to them congenial region, in
which complexional differences do not affect the
social or political position of a man, if we have
the sense and humanity to give thein a fair chance
for culture and enterprise.
Mr. BROOKS. I did not intend to make any
further remarks upon this subject, but there are
some misunderstandings aboutgeography, which
1 must correct in order to justify the remarks
which I have already made.
In the first place, let me remark that the Isth*
mus of Panama is not a Central American State.
We have a consul at Panama and a consul at As-
pinwall, so that that, isthmus is not only protected
oy a minister at New Granada, but also by the
influence and authority of two consuls, one at Pan-
ama and one at Aspmwall. We have in this bill
appropriations for consuls at San Juan del Sur, at
Aspinwall, at Panama, and at Laguayra, so that
in that portion of New Granada which is at the
isthmus, we have not only a minister, but the
three or four consuls I have named. Let nie add
in regard to the States of Guatemala, Nicaragua,
Costa llica, and San Salvador, that no one of them
has a population as large as that of many of the
single wards of the city of Cincinnati, or the city
of Philadelphia, or the city of New York. The
sending, therefore, of five ministers, and five or
six consuls to a small population of comparatively
insignificant trade i^ certainly not necessary for
commercial purposes, however it may be neces-
sary for political purposes.
J believe 1 have replied in substance to the prac-
tical remarks of the gentlemen who hav£ opposed
my amendment. As to the theoretical remarks of
thogentlemanfrom Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kelley,]
at some more appropriate time and on a more ap-
propriate occasion, 1 will be ready to discuss any
of these interesting social and political topics
which he has brought before the House. 1 dis-
like to make political speeches on any occasion,
but I would much prefer to meet the gentleman
aud discuss the whole subject before the Union
League of this city, than to occupy the time of
the House.
Mr. KELLEY. I would inquire whether the
gentleman belongs to that association?
Mr. BROOKS. Oh, 1 am a Union man, not a
" conditional Union" man, nor an " unconditional
Union" man, but u constitutional Union man.
Mr. CHANLER. If it is notasking too much
of the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, I would like to know what is the specific
salary of each of these ministers and commission-
ers to Great Britain, France, Russia, Prussia, Aus-
tria, Brazil, Mexico, and so forth.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Chairman, that ques-
tion is fixed by general law. It would interrupt
the business of the House too much to go into
that matter now; but I will inform the gentleman
on that subject at any time he will call at my room,
where I have all the laws.
Mr. CHANLER. I am much obliged to the
gentleman; hut I hope it will be no difficulty for
the honorable chairman to state whether there has
been any increase in the rates of salaries provided
for in this bill. That is the object I have in view.
Mr.STEVENS. Oh; I misunderstood the gen*
tleman. I beg pardon. There is no increase of
salaries provided for in this bill, nor has there been
any increase during this Administration.
Mr. COX. The chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means will see that there is an increase
of over seven thousand dollars in this item. Last
year the appropriation was §310,000. Now it is
$>317,800.
Mr. STEVENS. The salaries are the same.
The number has been increased by one.
Mr. COX. The number of ministers?
Mr. STEVENS. There is, of course, a larger
sum allowed than there was last year for the same
number. Gentlemen will recollect that these sal-
aries are paid in gold—they cannot be paid in any
other way—and that the rate of exchange has in-
creased.
Mr. COX. Then I understand the gentleman
from Pennsylvania to say that this increase of
$7,000 is in consequence of the increase in the
rate of exchange?
Mr. STEVENS. I do not know the exact
amount for exchange; but the appropriation is in-
creased on that account. The salaries themselves
are precisely the same as before. We pay our
ministers abroad precisely the amount paid them
for years past; but in order to do so we are obliged
to appropriate a little larger sum than we did last
year.
Mr. CHANLER. Then the honorable gentle-
man will, no doubt, be able to answer another
question: when this change took place?
Mr. STEVENS. When what took place?
Mr. CHANLER. I understand that an in-
crease has been made in theappropriation. I now
ask when that increase did take place.
Mr, STEVENS. That increase has been grad-
ual during the time that the gentleman has not
been noticing past events.
Mr. CHANLER. I thank the gentleman,but
lie dues not know that.
Mr. STEVENS. For the last three years, if
the gentleman will examine, he will find there has
been a gradual increase in the rates of exchange;
and it is, perhaps, as high now as it has ever been
before.
Mr. CHANLER. I am very much obliged to
the gentleman for his kindness in attributing to
me a want of attention to public affairs. No
doubt his authority is correct. But at the same
time 1 ask him for a specific answer in respect to
when this difference did take place. If the gen-
tleman has calculated the rates of exchange for
the purpose of drawing on the Treasury of the
United States to meet that exchange, he must have
begun at some fixed date,and it is not mypartto
know what that date is. It is his duty, I under-
stand, to be able to answer such questions here.
If he is unwilling to answer, let the matter rest
there. I have done my part.
Mr. STEVENS. I have yet to leai n that it is
the duty of the Commiitce of Ways and Means to
teach members of the House the laws of the land.
Mr. CHANLER. No, sir.
Mr. STEVENS. Or the operations of cur-
rency. I f that were to be undertaken by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means it would be a serious
task, especially to set some minds right. I re-
spectfully decline to undertake that task now.
[Laugh ter.j
Mr. CHANLER. I again thank the honorable
chairman, but I do not like to interrupt the busi-
ness of the House by cither giving or receiving
lessons or lectures. 1 am discharging a simple
duty which the gentleman seems determined not
to allow me to do, if his influence can be used to
the contrary. 1 wish to know from the gentleman
who acts as chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means what the increase in exchange is? If
he does not wish to answer the question, I am
satisfied.
The Clerk proceeded with the reading ofthe bill.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr Chairman, I was not
able to answer the question as to what minister
had been added to the list since last year. 1 have
sent for the book, and I now find that the addi-
tional minister is the one to San Salvador.
Mr. COX. What is the amount of his salary ?
Mr. STEVENS. Ten thousand five hundred
dollars for all resident ministers.
Mr. CHANLER. Iam very much obliged to
the gentleman for deigning to answer.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill.
