2152
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 6,
that the bonds of the United States are below par.
We know very well that they will not sell for
coin at par. Why do we fiot attempt to do that
which is necessary in order to appreciate the
credit of the Government? Why do we go on
building upon credit? Is that going to save the
credit of this Government? It destroyed the credit
of the English Government; it destroyed the credit
of the French Government*, it brought universal
, misery on the people of both those nations; and
yet we -are jcepeating it. The old Continental
money systSi is upon a par with what we are
now establishing. Look at the bloated system
of affairs they now have in the southern States.
Where is the credit of the confederate govern-
ment? How have they destroyed that credit?
They destroyed it by building upon credit, the
very thing we are doing now. We abandon gold
and build one credit upon another. We issue a
Treasury note and call it money. We know that
goldis worth almostdoubleasmuch. Why? Be-
cause the one is credit, the other is capital, money.
But we do not stop here. We issue another se-
curity debt in another shape, a Government bond,
and in order to induce the sale of it we agree to
take for it the previously issued debt, and agree to
pay gold At some future day. We go further, we
say to the purchaser, purchase the bond and you
may commence banking on it. You may issue
notes equal to ninety per cent of its par value,
those notes redeemable in legal tenders worth to-
day fifty-five and a half cents on the dollar. As
a furtherinducement you may become a splendid
banker without a dollar of com in your vaults,
and you shall only be required to keep fifteen per
cent, of circulation and deposits to redeem the one
and pay the other. If you fail, as you will, we
will redeem your.circulanon.
Gentlemen talk about reducing the circulation,
and yet what is now proposed > The State banks
have a circulation of about $168,000,000. The
chairman of the Committee v n Finance says
$170,000,000. I think it is about $163,000,000.
It is proposed to retire thatcirculation and tosubc
stitute instead of it §300,000,000of what? Any-
thing better than the issues of the State banks?
If to-day you repeal your legal-tender law there
will stand the State laws compelling the banks to
redeem in coin, and they have got the coin on
hand to do it. What right have we to stand heie
and complain of the State banks because they do
not redeem in coin? Do we not compel them to
take United States legal-tender notes in payment
of all debts due to them, and shall we not say that
they may pay them out* In fact we have so said.
Capital acts just as we would act. If any gen-
tleman on this floor to-day had gold in his pocket
and CJnited States Tieasuiy notes, what would
he use in payment of a debt? He would use the
greenbacks. So with the banks; and the reason
that State bank paper to-day is below par is
simply in consequence of your hill making Uni-
ted States Treasury notes a legal tender. 9
But, Mr. President, [ digressed. What sort of
a banking system is this? I return to my illus-
tration of a eountiy bank wjfh §500,000 capital,
having immediate liabilities to the amount of
$700,000, and you can make them no less; figures
will not lie. I low much is icquired to be kept,
by that country bank an a fund for the immediate
redemption of its liabilities? Fifteen per cent, of
its circulation and deposits. How much is that5
Its circulation and deposits, according to my esti-
mate, arc $700,000. What is fifteen per cent, on
that? $105,000; which, being added to the$45,i)00
it may realize from its loons at any period, it has
then $150,000 in greenbacks to redeem $700,000
of immediate liabilities. I am gravely told that
this is a banking system which will make the
paper sccure al?d uniform in value throughout the
country. It may be uniform; I do not object to
it on account of its want of uniformity; but I say
if it has any uniformity its uniformity is bad. It
will be uniformly worthless.
But that is not all, Mr. President. This bill
allows thiee fifths of that whole fund to be kept
three thousand milesaway fiom the bank ofissue.
Do we not know very well how the banks will
act in icgaid to this matter? Do we not know
that a hank in St. Louis will merely erxchan<*eits
credit with a bankm New York? They will find
out how much thiee fifths of the amount required
to be kf pt on hand is, and the cashier of the bank
in St. Louis will wtilc- to the- (ashiei of the R^nl:
of Commerce in New York, saying, "Please
place this amount to our credit, subject to our
draft at any moment, and in return for your kind-
ness we will place a similar amount to your
credit;" and in that way no money will pass,
nothing will be used but credit. We are going
on credit without a dollar of money any where,
and the banks will take you at your word. This
is all credit; a banking bill established by a law
of Congress in which the word "gold" or " spe-
cie" does not appear! The St. Louis bank will
pass to the credit of the Bank of Commerce the
amount of three fifths required to be kept on
hand, and then what does the bill mean? It re-
quires two fifths of the fifteen per cent., equal to
only six per cent., to be kept by the country bank
for the redemption of the $700,000, and what does
that amount to ? Two fifths of $105,000 would
be §42,000 in paper, which is demanded by this
law to be kept for the redemption of $700,000 of
immediate liabilities; arid that at the present de-
preciation of paper, which is worth to-day but
fifty-five and a half cents on the dollar, is $23,300
in coin, which i am told is a sufficient fund for
the redemption of $700,000 of liabilities that may
be brought against that bank any day. This,
added to the §45,000 immediately available from
loans, would make the entire fund $87,000 in pa-
per, or #48,275 in coin.
It is astounding to me that this is called a safe,
sound bankingsystem. Gentlemen may consider
it so; but I tejl them that the John Law scheme
in Paris, after it had exploded in 1720, was more
tolerable in the eyes of the French than this will
be in the eyes of Americans in ten years from
to-day, if it be adopted.
But lest objection be made to my illustration
of a country bank, let me take theBanl^of Com-
merce in New York, thathuge concern which has
been urget^to come in and embrace this bill. I
find by looking at the report of that bank made
On the 23d of April that it had a loan account of
$38,807,081), and it had of specie on hand $1,763,-
449. Its deposits were $9,320,000, and its circu-
lation $1,705. You have amended this bill so as
to enable that bank to come into this system with-
out individual liability. Whatsort of a bank will
you have? It has now a circulation ofjj£l,705,
and you want to get rid of that, to destroy it; and
why? Becausc it is the circulation of a State
bank, and the Senator from Massachusetts says
it standsin the way of the prosperity of this coun-
try and must be abolished, must be destroyed;
it should not be permitted longer to interfere with
the affairs of the Treasury. Remember the prop-
osition is to contract the inflation of the curieney,
to reduce the quantity of the cuculating medium.
The Secretary of theTreasury says he is injured
in all his financial operations because he cannot
stop the banks fiom inflating the currency, when
the fact is that the banks aic contracting their
currency every day, and we know it; and yet
gold goes up as the State banks contract their cur-
rency. Then somebody else is expanding the
currency, and not the State banks. That is evi-
dently the truth of the matter. You tell me ;n
one breath that you want to contract the currency.
Here is the Bank of Commerce, which has now
but $1,705 of circulation out, with nearly two
million dollui s of coin in its vaults. The city hanks
of the eity of New York have to-day $25,000,000
of coin in their vaults with a circulation of $5,-
500,000, and you pioposo toenuble thrui to issue
within ten percent, of the amount of their whole
capital, amounting now to $70,000,000, thereby
increasing their circulation $58,000,000, to let them
get r>d of t heir coin, to sell it tor greenbacks, that it
may be shipped abroad for goods, and to suffer
them to go to banking on credit, inflating the vol-
ume of currency, and disturbing ail laws of value
and all honesty and fidelity in business. You want
to reduce the volume ofcui ren^y. The city banks
have a little more than five millions of circulation
out; they rannotgenerally keepout more. When
peace comes or the legal-tender law is repealed,
they must ledeem m coin under the State law.
Hence, being at the center of trade, they cannot
keep afloat a large ciiculation; but when they
accept this new system they can issue the whole
amount of their capital, less ten per cent.—£63,-
000,000—and become the depositaries of the Gov-
ernment to the amount of many millions, without
any coin oi other adequate fund to secure the
note holder ei the Govenumiit
You propose now to issue to the Bank of Com-
merce $9,000,000 of circulation, its capital being
say $10,000,000. You propose to compel it to
withdraw its present circulation of $1,705, and in
lieu thereof to let it issue $9,000,000. Adding
to this circulation its deposit account, $9,120,000,
and what are the immediate demands upon the
institution? Eighteen million one hundred and
twenty thousand dollars. * What security would
the note-holders and the depositors in this bank
have for immediate payment? Of course, under
your system the bank will continue to issue cir-
culation as long as it can, for it has only to re-
deem in greenbacks, and it is to the interest of
this whole system that you are establishing to
reduce the value of the greenbacks so that the
banks can redeem with that which is of less value
than it was at the time of the issue of their pa-
per. Let gentlemen consider that it is to the in-
terest of all these banks, the very moment they
have issued this " national currency," to depre-
ciate the value of greenbacks. Why? They have
simply to pay a debt; and it is to the interest of
the debtor to inflate the currency, while it is to
the interest of the creditor Lo contract it. Is not
that true? A debt is contracted at par for gold
to-day, for example. Is it not the interest of the
debtor to make nioie pa per to be put into circu-
lation, and, if you please, to have it declmed a
legal tender, in order that to-morrow he may buy
the.paper for fifty-five cents and pay his debt at
that rate ? We close our eyes to this important
fact, and we go blundering on, and declaring that
no man except a tiaitor will refuse to acknowl-
edge the credit of the Government. 1 have as
high an opinion of the credit of the Government
and the resources of the people as anygentleman;
1 do not want to depreciate the one nor underrate
the other; but he who gets up and says that that
credit is depreciated is the patriot, not he who de-
clares that evvry man who says aught to the con-
rat y is after " beef" or some other personal in-
terest. Government bonds are now below par,
and they may be much lower. English consols,
! under the influence of a bread panic m 1857, fell
i from 98 to 78|.
1 Sir, when suddenly we find ourselves in the
j condition of the southern confederacy,those men
will not be regarded as the true friends of the
Government who stood up against light and suf-
fered this state of affairs to come upon us. The
true friend of the Government is he who watches
its interests and speaks of its faults with a view
to correct them.
I have*asked what security thenote-holderand
the depositor of I he Bank of Commerce will have
under this system. Recollect that any day the
Bank of Commerce may be called upon for over
$18,000,000 of immediate liabilities; not contin-
; gent or future liabilities, but liabilities that lest
on the bank fiom day to day; and I take its pies-
ent report because i understand it will be oigdri-
ized under this system with ail its capital just as
it stands. It is requited that it shall keep on hand
!i twenty-five per cent., because if is in one of the
I c.ties named m rhe thirty-fiistsection. Twenty-
i; five percent, of its deposits and circulation will
i| $4,530,000 m greenbacks, which to-dav atthe
: present depreciation would be equal to $2,.506,600
j in gold. Here is a bank with immediate habih-
li ties upon it amounting to nearly eight times the
!| amount of assets immediately available for pay-
!| ment,and J am told that this is a t^afe, sound, solid
ij institution. It may be tried; but the future will
,, demonstrate that the whole tiling will explodoand
bring rum and misery on this country.
i; Since this debate commenced, I have heard it
'j given as one teason why this bill should be
! passed that the State banks have suspended specie
i payments, and that we need to have acuirency
• which is better khan the cuirTmcy of the State
; banks—currency that need not be in a state of
,j suspension, i suppose indeed that tins is one of
' j the chicf i easons why tins bill is uiged upon ns.
h The next movement will be to destioy the State
1! banks. If the State banks had suwpendod specie
!j payments without any action on our part making
•j it necessary for them to do so, would that ho any
reason why we should pass heie a system of
j! banking which is already suspended in 'Is jnepp-
'1 tion? H bank suspension boa bad tiling it is
'' bad only because the note's of the banks are not
.! convertible into coin. What other objection can
;! i^fcuatoie^auist bank papei (hat u sus-
