1176
TIIE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 18,
• Mr. SUMNER. I was merely giving notice
that I should deem it my duty to press the con-
sideration of this measure at the earliest day.
Mr. CLARK, f may perhaps be permitted to
say that the consideration on which I gave my
vote was a desire that the matter in charge of the
Senator from Illinois should come up fir^t I have
not the least objection to this bill being proceeded
with now or at any time when the Senate is dis-
engaged and the Senator from Massachusetts
choosey to call it up. I do not desire to embar-
rass him, but I do desire that the joint resolution
reported by the Senator from Illinois should come
up first, and that this should not be made a spe-
cial order immediately before that, so as to em-
barrass us.
Mr. HOWARD. [ beg leave to present
The YICE PRESIDENT. This bill is now
before the Senate.
Mr. HOWARD. I merely wish to make a
motion for printing a document which may be
neccssary in regard to a bill with relation to the
arsenal on Rock island.
Mr. WILSON. I move the postponement of
this bill until Thursday of next week.
Mr. SUMNER. There is a special order al-
ready, I think, for Thursday.
Mr. WILSON. Well, I move to postpone it
until to-morrow, and that will leave it subjcct to
be called up at any time.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
PRINTING OF A DOCUMENT.
Mr. HOWARD. I move for the printing of the
document to which I have referred. It is a com-
munication from the Solicitor of the War Depart-
ment to the head of that Department relating to
the title to the land upon Rock island, upon which,
according to an act of 1862, the United States are
to establish an arsenal; arul this communication
is very necessary m consideration of a bill which
is now pending before the Senate. It is a docu-
ment of only sixteen pages.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Michigan moves to print the document to which
he has alluded. If there he no objection, the order
to print will be made. The Chair hears no ob-
jection. The order will be made.
MESSAGE FROM THE IIOUSK.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPiiEiiso:*, its Clerk, announced that
the IJLpuso had passed the bill of the Senate (No.
60) amendatory of the homestead law, and for
other purposes.
The message furthcrnnnounced (hat the House
of Representatives had passed a bill (No. 14^) to
enable the people of Nebraska to form a consti-
tution and State government, and for the admis-
sion of such State into the Union on an equal
footing with the original Statis; in which it re-
quested the concurrence of the Senate.
EXTENSION OP CAPITOL GROUNDS.
Mr. HENDRICKS submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Euiidioffs and
Grounds be msmicted to liiijuire and repoit what,  f any,
legislation is nece^ary for the extension and uopio\ ement
of the Capitol giounds, and whether it is expedient now to
extend and improve the same.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
On motion of Mr. HENDRICKS, it was
Ordered, That when the Se'iato adjourns to dav, it be
to meet on Monday next.
NOMINATIONS IN OPEN SKNAT13.
The VICE PRESIDEMT. The following res-
olution offered yesterday by the Senator from
Iowa [Mr. Grimes] is in order:
Resolved, That the following he added to the rules of the
Senate:
Ail executive nominations shall be submitted to and
considered and decided by the senate in open session.
Mr. SHERMAN. Has that been referred to
any committee r
The VICE PRESIDENT, [t has not.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is a very importantprop-
osition, and I think it might to be refertcd to the
Committee on the Judiciary. I make that mo-
tion.
The motion was agreed to.
ElUlOKS OF ENUllOSSMENT.
Mr. WILSON. I ant informed by one of the
engrossing clerks that the bill (S. No. 151) relat-
ing to enlistments and for other purposes has not
been properly.engrossed; that one section that
was stricken out in the Senate has been engrossed
in the bill, and the bill so sent to the House of
Representatives. I therefore offer the following
order:
Ordered, That the Secretary be directed to request the
House of Representatives to return to the Senate the bill
(S. No. 151) "relating to enlistments and for other pur-
poses," for the purpose of correcting an error in the en-
grossment of the biii.
The order was agreed to.
A message was subsequently received from the
House of Representatives returning, agreeably to
the request of the Senate, the bill (S. No. 151)
relating to enlistments and for other purposes;
and,on motion of Mr. Wilson, the Secretary was
directed to cause the error in the engrossment of
the bill to be corrccted.
On motion of Mr. FOSTER, it was
Ordered * That the Secretary he directed to request the
House of Representatives to return to the Senate the bill of
the House (No.300)toamendsectu>n nine oftheactappioved
July 17, 3862, entitled " An act to define the pay and emol
mnents of ceitain officeis of the Army, and for other pur-
po^e.N," ror the puipose of correcting an error m the engross-
ment of the amendments made by the Senate to the said bill.
HOUSE BILL RBFEllltJSD.
The bill from the House of Representatives
(No. 14|) to enable the people of Nebraska to
form a constitution and State government, and for
the admission of such State into the Union on an
equal footing with the original States, was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Territories.
ENLISTMENTS IN TIIE ARMY.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, resumed the considera-
tion of the bill (S. No. 41) to promote enlistments
m the Aimy of the United States, and for other
purposes; the pending question being on the
amendment of Mr. Brown to strike out the third
section of the hill, and in lieu of it to insert:
Skc. Jhxd he it finfhet cnach'd, Thai the pioclnmation
of the I'i cedent ol J.tnu.ny 1, 18611, deelaung al! peinons
held as slaves within ceriai'u designated States and paits of
State* then in lebclhoii the Governnientof the (Tin-
ted Stale* to he theivattei iree, he and the same is heieby
eonlmned and made of lull effect ah huv, and all couitsof
liistlce are. requlied to recognize the same ; and alt poisons
deelaied to he lice by the said pioclamation, <>i by this act
ot any Milwqumt art of Cougie-s, s-lia!l lie entitled to sue
and be ^ued and give evidence in all eouits of justice as
other citi/.t n-i.
Si-o. —, he il further riirtctfrU That fiom and after
the passage of this act theie shall be neither slavcty nor m-
\o1untaiy semtude in any ot the State** or Teiritories of
the United Smios otherwise than in punishment lot ciune,
vvheieof tin4 parly shall have been duly convicted.any law,
usage, custom, or claim to the eonnaiy notwithstanding;
but all peiMMis fthall be held to be boin lieu.
i\I i\ JOHNSON. Is that hill upon its passage?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is now before
the Senate as in Committee of the Whole, and the
question is on the amendment which has just been
lead.
Mr. WILSON. Iliad hoped that that amend-
ment would he withdrawn, at any rate for the
present; and I appeal to the Senator from Mis-
souri who presented it to oblige me by withdraw-
ing it, and let me amend the bill as I desire to
have it stand, and then if he wishes to offer the
amendment he can do so.
Mr. BROWN. Very well. I withdraw the
amendment for the moment, to be lenewed heie-
after.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
of the Senator from Missouri being withdrawn,
the bill is open to amendment.
Mr. WILSON. I move now to strike out the
entire bill after the enacting clause, and to in-
sert the amendment which I send to the Chair.
The words proposed to be inserted were read,
as follows:
That when any person of Afiiean descent, whose service
or labor is churned in any State mulct the laws thereof,
-hall bo mustered into the military or naval service of the
United States, his wife and children, it'any he have, shall
forever thereafter be tiee, any law, u*age, or custom what-
soever to tin; contraiy notwithstanding.
Seu. 2. Jhid be it further enruted, That it shall he the
duty ol the commission appointed in each ot the slave States
tepiefenied in Confess! uiidei the piovudon* ol the tvvenfy-
fouith section of the uAct to amend an act entitled 'An act
for em oil inland calling out the nation.il torecs.and for other
purposes.5 .ippioved March «5,1SG3," nppioved Febmaiy 24,
]£{•>!, lo awatd to e^ch lovul pci on, to whom the w ife and
children aforesaid may owe so vice, a just compound ion, to
he paid out of any moneys which may be appiopriated by
Congress for that purpose.
Mr. WILSON. I propose to strike out the
entire bill and insert the amendment which has
just been read. Several sections of the original
bill have already been incorporated into another
bill that has passed the Senate and is now pend-
ing in the other House. In fact, the only section
of the bill left is the one that provides for making
free the mother, the wife, and the children of the
enlisted soldier of African descent. By the law
of 1862 it is provided that the soldier, his mother,'
his wife, and his children shall be free, if the
mother, wife, ari'd children belong to rebel mas-
ters. I propose in this amendment to make the
soldier's wife and children free, no matter to
whom they may belong. We have provided in
the enrollment act that a slave enlisted into the
military service of the United States is free when
he is mustered into the service. We have exer-
cised that great power to strengthen the Govern-
ment in putting down the rebellion. We have
enlisted about eighty thousand colored men, and
we are continuing to enlist colored men in all parts
of the country.
But, sir, the enlistment of colored men causes
a vast deal of suffering, for a great wrong is done
to their families, and especially is that so in the
State of Missouri. I have several letters from
officers in the service of the United States who
are recruiting in that State, detailing the suffer-
ings of the wives and children of soldiers enlisted
into the service. From the letter of a provost
marshal of one of the districts in that State, dated
February 8,1 learn that wfe have raised in the State
ofMissoun forty-five hundred colored troops, and
he adds:
" Complaints are coming from all parts of the State that
negroes will not enlist unlets they know what is to bccome
of their families. By Older 135, the slave enlisting is Iree,
but not the families; and among the disloyal class if a slave
leaves them they immediately sell their iatmlies. Cannot
something be done ? If so it should be done at once. A*
fai as T know all in tins office aie disposed to aid the ne-
gioes to the lull extent, but our hands are tied, wc can do
nothing. I take a great interest in the families of thoae
who aie left behind. Cannot an act be passed tor m-
mcdiate emmv ipationl I5ut m the mean time what aie
we to do with those being sold again to slavery; It noth-
ing elsu, cannot you have the Secietaiy of War ordci that
no pa>ses be given to pei^ons to take slaves out horn tins
State? You would be astonished to know what a tiade is
carried on between tins State and Kentucky.''1
Lieutenant May ball, a l ecru i ting officer, writing
at Louisiana, in Missouri, to General Pile on the
4th of February, says:
"Lewis Kmci^on and Anthony T'leener, discharged for
disability, havoietuuied to their place, and their masters
claim them a.-> their piopeity. They have claimed ptotec-
lion ot me, and as it is something new to me J wish you to
inform me whether they are to receive piotection, and
whether any one has a light to demand their papers.
" I also wish to call your attention to the tact that the
soldieis' (colored") wives ami families aie bums awfully
abused, painculaily tliohe belonging to rebels. Some twen-
ty-five or more of the wive*- of men who have enlisted hcie
came into Loui>iana and called upon me to protect, them,
arul I a^Mire you I was doing all I could for the pnoi un-
toitunatcs, but on Thursday evening I received an order
Itomthe provo.-t marshal genera! to duve all the women
and cluldien out of the cjuaitcrs and to notify then masters
to come and get them, iiut bcfoie [ j eceived (heoidei some
of the copperhead.-of thi* vjeunty had posted iheiebels,
and when they came in after the'rn, you, I am confident,
nevei «aw such a scene in vour life, f hope 1 may never
vvitne^s the like again. Geneial, for the sake ol down-
trodden humanity, u^e voui influence to have the negro re-
cruiting stopped, or else piotect, the families of the poor
soldier* who are diluting to defend the Government. If
the Government calls on the negro to fight her battles, m
God's name protect their wive.sand children while thevare
in the Army. I will be down in a shoit lime and will tell
jou the splits 1 have seen since I have been here. The
ordei 1 have Ins completely put a stop to the lecnutin" bus-
iness, and if jou can do dn>tlung to have General Older
No i3r>eairied out I can reciuir thrcv handled men in this
county be.sides those I have already sent down.55
Captain A. J. Hubbard writes from Benton
Barracks to General Pile, February 6,1864," that
the wives of Simon Williamson and Richard
Beasley, members of his company, have again
been unmercifully whipped by their master, John
Crauder of St. Clair, Franklin county, Missouri,
and that he lefuses to let them receive their let-
ters, and whips those who attempt to biing their
letters to them;" and asks that they be relieved,
as the men are good soldiers.
Lieutenant Deming writes to General Pile" that
the wife of Martin Patterson is subjected to ill-
treatment by her master, James Patterson, of
Fayette, Howard county, Missouri; that she is
compelled to do out-door work, chop wood, husk
corn,&c., and thatone child was suffered tofreeze
lo death." Lieutenant Dermng further states that
William Brooks makes the same complaint, his
