1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL. GLOSS,
sideration of the unfinished business which was
under consideration in executive session when we
adjourned ypsterday.
Mr, WILSON. We have got but very little
business in executive session to attend to, and I
hope we shall take up the measure indicated by
my colleague.
The motion was not agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes 14, noes 20.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I call for the yeas and
nays.,
Mr. SUMNER. I suggest to the Senator to
take the yeas and nays on my proposition.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am afraid the proposi-
tion will carry.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is the call for
4he yeas and nays withdrawn?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONNESS. I call for the yeas and nays
on the motion of the Senator from Massachusetts.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Is it m order to move to
adjourn ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. In the opinion
of the Chair it is.
■ Mr. HENDRICKS. Then I move that the
Senate adjourn. ["No!" "No!"] I withdraw
the motion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is manifest that we can
accomplish but very little in ten minutes, and I
therefore move that the Senate now take a recess
until seven o'clock.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope not. I hope we shall
take the yeas and nays on the question now pend-
ing before the Senate.
ThePRESlDENT pro tempore. TheChairwiil
suggest to the Senator from Illinois that the Sen-
ate yesterday ordered a recess to-day from half
past four until seven o'clock.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But may we not take it
before? By a mere vote of the Senate we fixed
upon half past four o'clock.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair is
of the opinion that the motion may be put.
Mr..CONNESS. I ask if it is in order while
the call for the yeas and- nays is pending on an-
other question.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We have notcommenced
the call.
Mr. CONNESS. I know that. I ask that ques-
tion of the Chair.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair, on
reflection, is of opinion that the motion is not in
order. A motion to take a recess is not like a
motion to adjourn. The question is on the mo-
tion of the Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I want to suggest to the
. Senator from Massachusetts that I presume there
will be no objection to his taking up the Senate
bill which has been to a vei y large extent matured
according to the judgment of the Senate, and I
think that is all at this stage of the session he
ought to ask of the Senate. The Senate has de-
cided upon the motion of the Senator from Ohio
to repeal the law of 1850 but not the act of 1793.
That is the judgment of the Senate. The House
of Representatives sends to us a bill repealing both
laws. That brings up the whole discussion, and
before we reach the point to which the Senate has
arrived upon the other bill much of valuable time
has to be occupied. Can the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts say that Senators after a full debate
have given a vote which they are ready to take
back? To say that is not respectful to the Sen-
ate. He has no right to presume that after a full
discussion the Senate is going to take back a de-
cision made a week ago. Then it is due to the
Senate, in my judgment, for the Senator to insist
upon the completion of the bill which he insisted
the Senate should consider a week or two ago. I
suggest to the Senator as a fair thing to the Sen-
ate, as fair to the rest of us,as due to the bodyin
view of the approach of the adjournment, thatwe
take up the bill which he has already demanded
the attention of the Senate upon, and to that I
presume there will be no hostility; hut to take up
this new bill, to go through with the discussion
again, I think to that proposition he will find hos-
tihtyall the time.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 25, nays 17; as follows:
•YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Chandler, Clark, Oor-
ness, Dixon, Fessenden, Foot, GiaiiOb, Hale, Harlan, Ilai-
Howaid, Howe, Lane of Kansas, Morgan, Morrill,
Pomcroy, Ramsey, Sprague, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Wade,
Wilkinson, and Wilson—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Buekalew, Carlile,Cowan, Davis, Doo-
Jittle, Ilendncks, Johnson, Lane of Indiana, Nesmith,
Powell, Richardson, Riddle, Saulsbury, Sherman, Trum-
bull, Van Winkle,and WiHey—17.
ABSENT—Messrs. pollamer, Foster, Harding, Hender-
son, Ilicks, McDougall, and Wright—7.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
prevails; the bill is before' the Senate in Com-
mittee of the Whole, and will be read. .
Mr. POWELL. I move to postpone the pend-
ing and all prior orders for the purpose of taking
up Senate bill No. 37.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 rise to a question of order,
whether that motion of the Senator is in order
until the motion that has already been acted on
by the Senate has been stated from the Chair and
the bill read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
is of the opinion that the motion is in order to
postpone it and take up something else.
Mr. SUMNER. But as I understand, the
Senate ordered the taking up of this bill, and the
Chair directed the Secretary to read the bril. My
point of order is, can there be any interruption to
the reading of the bill? Must not that be finished?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
is of the opinion that the point of order is not well
taken; that before the bill is read the motion may
be made.
Mr. POWELL. I ask for the yeas and nays
on my motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll, but
before concluding it was interrupted by
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The time
having arrived at which the Senate ordered a re-
cess, it becomes necessary for the Chair to in-
terrupt the call of the roll and to announce that
the Senate will now take a recess until seven
o'clock.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Before the Chair makes
the announcement, I wish to inquire whether
there is a special order for to-night.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is: the
business relating to the District of Columbia.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator knows perfectly
well that the unfinished business takes precedence.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That is the very ques-
tion I desire the Chair to decide, whether the
order made for to-night does'not exclude every-
thing else.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will decide that question of order when it arises.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I rise to a question of
order, if any business can be interposed during
the call of the roll.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
has announced the recess.
Mr. CONNESS. Iask unanimous consent 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore, Tiie Senate
is not in session.
EVENING SESSrOxV.
The Senate reassembled at seven o'clock p. m.
LIMITATION OP DEBATE.
Mr. WADE. I wish to give notice that I shall
move the fallowing as an additional rule of the
Senate on Thursday next:
Resolved, That dunns; the remainder of the presentees-
sion of Congress no Senator shall speak more than once
on any one question befoic the Senate, nor shall such
speech exceed ton minutes, without leave of the Senate
exptes>ly Riven, and when such leave is asked it shall be
decided by the Senate without debate, and it shall be the
duty of the Piesident to see that this rule is stuctly en-
fot ced.
SUSPENSION OF 26TH RULK.
Mr. DIXON. 1 offer the following resolution,
not for the purpose of action now:
Resolved, That the 26th rult? of the Senate be suKpcnded
dunns the present session of Congress, except so much
thereof as provides that "a motion to buspend or concur
in a joint resolution of the House to suspend the 16th and
17th joint rules or either of them shall always be in order,
be immediately considered, and be decided without de-
bate."
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of House bill No. 255.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore* The Senate
had under consideration a motion of the Senator
from Kentucky [Mr. Powell] to take up Senate
bill No. 37, upon which the yeas and nays were
being taken when the recces waa announced.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to suspend all prior-
orders for the purpose of taking up the bill I have
indicated.
Mr. POMEROY. Must not the call bo pro-
ceeded with ? I submit whether that motion is in
order while the call is being proceeded with;
The PRESIDENT pro-Umpore. The Chahr w
of the opinion that the motion can only be enter-
tained by unanimous consent, the Senate being
in the execution of the order for the call of tlw
yeas and nays. If there be no objection, the mo-
tion of the Senator from Iowa will be entertained.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection is
made, and the call will proceed.
Mr. POWELL. If the Senator from Iowa
wishes to proceed with District business I will
withdraw the call for the yeas and nays, if I have
the power to do so.
Mr. BROWN. What are the yeas and nays on
ThePRESlDENT pro tempore. On the mo-
tion of the Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. POWELL. On my motion to take up
the bill to prevent military interference with elec-
tions; but I will withdraw the call in order to
allow the Senator from Iowa to proceed with the
District of Columbia business.
Mr. HOWARD. I understood that we were
taking the yeas and nays on the motion of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts.
Mr. SUMNER. Oh, no; I beg your pardop;
it was the motion of the Senator from Kentucky.
Let me explain to my friend. My motion had
been carried, and the Secretary at the desk was
about reading the bill when the Senator from
Kentucky interposed another motion to proceed
with another bill, and on that he asked for the
yeas and nays; and if that is withdrawn, 1 takn
it, it leaves the question of the fugitive slave bill
as the unfinished business.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It would leave
that before the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. It would leave that bill' be-
fore the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
of the Senator from Iowa is to postpone all prior
business and proceed with the bill indicated by
him.
Mr. SUMNER. So I understand.
Mr. WILKINSON. What was the unfin-
ished business?
Mr. GRIMES. The motion of the Senator
from Kentucky to take up the bill in regard to
military interference with elections. The Sena-
tor from Kentucky has withdrawn that motion,
and now I suppose it is proper for me to make a
motion to suspend all prior orders.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there be
no objection, the cull for the yeas and nays can
be withdrawn. The Chair hears none. Does
the Chair understand the Senator from Kentucky
as withdrawing his motion at the same time?
Mr. POWELL. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Then the
question will be on the motion of the Senator from
Iowa.
Mr. SUMNER. On that I wish merely to
remark that I am aware the Senator from Iowa
has come here to-night prepared to proceed with
several bills in regard to which he has let us know
in advance his purpose, and i know the import-
ance of some of them,at least to this District. I
do not wish to interfere with his arrangements,
although he will understand that I cannot let slip
the opportunity of pressing the bill under con-
sideration except with great reluctance and with
the understanding that it shall be proceeded with
at the earliest possible moment; if possible, that
it shall be taken up again this evening.
Mr. POWELL. 1 wish to make one single
remark. The Senator from Massachusetts spoke
of having an understanding that we should take
up his bill next. 1 wish it to be understood that
we are no parties to anything of that kind. This
evening was set apart for the Senator from Iowa.
He gave notice yesterday that he desired to call
up the business relating to the District of Colum-
bia this evening;. I do not vyish to encroach upon
his time, and with that view I withdrew my mo-
tion on which I had called for the yeas and nays.
GUARDIAN SOCIETY.
The motion ofMr. Grime* was agreed to;and
the Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, pro-
