1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tm
wife being badly treated by her master, Jack Sut-
ler, of Fayette, Howard county, Missouri, and is
also obliged to chop wood, split rails,&c. Brooks
and Patterson desire to move their families to
Jefferson City.
The wife of a colorcd soldier writes to her hus-
band from Mexico, Missouri, that she has been
very badly treated since he left; that she was
beaten i(scandalouslythat they will not take
care of her children, and do nothing but quarrel
with her all the time.
Another wife writing to her husband from Paris,
states they are treating her " worse and worse"
every day; that she and her " little ones" are al-
most naked. Tells her husband not to send her
money letters to " Hogsett," as he will keep the
money. James A. Carney, adds a postscript to
this letter, telling the husband to directhis wife's
letters to him, (Carney,) and that " Hogsett5'has
forbidden her coming to his house, and they there-
fore have to read her letters to her privately.
Lieutenant R. B. Foster, first Missouri volun-
teers of African descent, reports that private Mai-
shall Taylor of his company says his wife and
children were run off to Kentucky about the 10th
of December; and J. McFadden, company Ii,
second Missouri volunteers of Afiican descent,
says he heard Robert Bledsloe of LaFayette coun-
ty, Missouri, say that he took off thirty on the
night mentioned, and Taylor's wife and children
are supposed to be in that lot. They are the slaves
of James M. Taylor, of La Fayette county, who
is a strong secessionist and has been in the rebel
army.
General Pile to General Rosecrans states that
I he wife and children of Richard Glover, a colored
soldier, are now heldby him, their master,Geoige
W. Cardwcll, a notorious rebel, having endeav-
ored to take them into Kentucky; that William
Smithey, a man who attends to CardwelPs mat-
ters during his absence, whipped Glover's wife
most cruelly on Monday, December 28, 18G3,
with a strap taken fiom a harness, and this when
she was pregnant and near her confinement.
General Pile in a letter of February 9 to a mem-
ber of this body says:
"[ herewith inclose jou copies of several communica-
tions dotting forth the tieatment that the wives and elul
dren ol eoloied soldiers enlisted in tiin State are irmvmg
fiom their lrbel muster*. 1 have infounaiion trom a variety
of sources that this Mate of things e.xi-ts in a lame portion
of the State. I have applied to depaiiment irulitaiy au-
fhoiities for a remedy foi those evils, but J am eeitam any
remedy in their power will he inadequate, only mitigating
and not removing the evil. Nothing will reach the ea^e
but the immediate emancipation of these people. I claim
thatit is the plain and imperious duty of the Government
to protect the families ot these eoloied soldieis, and every
humane consideration urges that this hp done immediately.
I appeal to you in behalf of these suffering patriot*, and
ask that you u*e your influence to secuie an otder tiom the
President, dewann<i the patents, wife and chiidien of all
enlisted eoloied men foievei free, and in ease tins cannot
he done, that Congics* take the matter in hand, and pass
a law emancipating immediately the prueius, wile and chil-
dren of nil colorcd soldier*. In the name of God and hu-
manity let something be done at once."
In a letter of February 26 to the Senator from
Missouri, fMr. Brown,] General Pile says:
"The tieatment which the families of eoloied soldiers
arc receiving at the hands ot their ma«teishas almost sus-
pended enlistments under Order No. 135. Many of theae
families have been taken to Kentucky clandestinely, and
many moie by peimisston lrotn Government oliiceis. I
herewith inclose you copy of a lettei addressed lo Major
General Itoseerans on this subject, containing, a* a sample
of many otheis, a statement of one case. The geneiai
promises to act on the suggestions given, and to corieet the
evils as far a«. he? in his power; hut there ^ no remedy but
emancipation immediate and unconditional. We cannot
wait lot the routine of ' amendment to the Constitution
we want an immediate remedy. Can one he provided at
Washington'1 Having been monumental in cau-mg the
enlistment of these men i cannot see their families thus
treated, if there is any possible remedy thatcan be leached."
This letter, written by General Piie, command-
ing the colored troops there, and these icttcis writ-
ten by reciuitmg officers jri vanous parts of the
State of Missouri, show that in many cases the
wives and children of colored soldiers are abused
or sold and sent out of the State as soon as the
husband and father enlists into the military ser-
vice; that this action discourages enlistments; and
that in many cases where their master's sympa-
thies are with the rebels the wives and children
are made to suffer for the patriotism of the hus-
band and father. Many of these officers say that
we ought to stop the enlistment of these colored
men unless we proiett their families. Justice,
humanity, and patriotism demand prompt and
decisive action.
Sir, if reports be true some of the Government
officers are violating the law of the land, outrag-
ing humanity, and bringing dishonor upon our
country. I quote from a letter published a few
days ago in the Missouri Democrat:
" Captain Reed, provost marshal of this district, is now
engaged in the laudable entei prise of returning to slavery,
and their former owners, from five to twenty negroes daily,
and tins against the strongest cntieatiea and protestations
ofthe poor creatures. It would make your heart bleed to
witness the miseiy and distress ofniind the poor creatures
are in at the idea of their return to bondage. I witnessed
a sight} esterday that has engraved itself on my heart's mem-
ory so that time could not erase it, though I should live a thou-
sand years. I dou't wonder at this people being in disfavor
with Hun whu rules over all nations, and who is now mani-
festing His just displeasure in so fearful a manner. Yes-
teiday a party of some six or seven men, women, and chil-
dren weie taken to the depot to take car No. 4, freight,
got g soxit/i. The owner of this 4 pioperty' informed me
it was safer for him to travel on the freight than on the
passenger tram. If it wcie known by the men in Guitar's
regiment they would save the negroes fiom being dragged
back." ****** * * *
" Two of the party of negroes above named weie grown
women, and talked very sensibly. They said they would
as soon die as go back; and in talking about it they could
not help shedding tears. The men were equally averse to
returning, but said the provost marshal threatened them
with imprisonment if they made any resistance. They
wt'ie disqualified from enteiing the United States seiviee.
One poor boy, about fourteen years old, excited my sym-
pathy most—a giand-looking lellovv, black as Othello him-
self. and with native heaimgthat was lofty, but he hung his
head and refused to be condoned. When asked if he would
rather stay and work for the Government he quickly turned
and an-wered, ' Yes; and if I was a little older Pd show
them if they could keep me a slave."'
From a Missouri paper I quote the following
statement:
" The provost marshals in thi« district of north Missouri
have attunes lent their aid to rebel ma^teis for returning
negroes in cases where, alter being sworn in, they have,
upon subsequent medical examination, been rejected, and
the wives and 1.unifies of enlisted eoloied soldieis have
been repeatedly leturned to rebel owners by the connivance
of these same official-.."
Mr. President, this is a proposition to make the
wile and children, those who me of the family
and ou^ht not to be separated from the husband
and father, free, and to protect them in their free-
dom while the husband and father is fighting the
battles of our country, it has been deemed neces-
sary for the interest of the country to call for two
hundred thousand additional men. On the 17th
of October we called for three hundred thousand ;
then in January for two hundred thousand; and
now there is a call for two hundred thousand more.
In the brief space of five months, seven hundred
thousand men are called for to defend and protect
the country. We want soldiers, and we must
have soldiers. Why, sir, in the city of Baltimore
a bounty of $500 is paid to colored soldiers, the
State paying £.300 and the city $200; and every
effoitis made to enlist these men to fill up the
quota of that State.
We passed a resolution two years ago to en-
courage emancipation m the border States. I
voted for it most cheerfully, for i have always
been ready to do whatever I could and to take
whate'ver burdens might come upon the country
or be imposed upon me or upon my State, to aid
the cause of emancipation; because I believe the
cause of emancipation to be identified with the
unity of the country, the liberties of the people,
and the development of our institutions. We
gave such a vote—made such a pledge. We have
provided that colored men who are slaves may
be enlisted and drafted into the military service.
If they are drafted they aremadefree; if they are
enlisted they are made free; but their wives and
their children aie notfree. Those wivesand chil-
dren are left behind, may be sold, may be abused;
and how can a soldier fight the battles of our
country when he receives the intelligence tfiatthe
wife he had left at home and the little ones he left
around his hearth were sold into perpetual sla-
very; sold where he would never see them more ?
Sir, if there be a crime on earth that should be
promptly punished it is the crime of selling into
slavery in a distant section of the country the
wives and children of the soldiers who are fighting
the battles of our bleeding country.
We provide in the first section of this amend-
ment for the emancipation of the wives andchil-
dien of these men who will enhstm our service.
That will encourage enlistments, it will giveas-
suiance to tens of thousands of colored men that
if they enlist into the military service of the coun-
try, they arc not only to fight for their own lib-
erties, but to light for the liberties of their wives
at\d their children—those ne&rand dear to them.
Sir, when we are calling for the blood of thp£
country, when we are casting a drag-net oVer&*£ *
land and gathering up every man fir for military
service, we ought to encourage the enlistment ojf
these men; and to do that we ought to make their,
wives and children free, and we ought-.to protect'
them againstabuse. Nowwifeand children plead,
to the husband and father not to enlist, to remain
at home for their protection. Pass this bill, and'
the wife and children will beseech that husband
and father to fight for the country, for his liberty,
and for their freedom.
\ The second section of the amendment provides
that the same commission that is to be appointed
to assess the value of the slave who shall enlist
into the service of the country, shall examine the
cases of the wives and children of slaves who en-
list, and-shall report a just compensation, for the
payment of which Congress is to provide.
1 think this proposition will encourage eman-
cipation in the loyal border States; thatit will en-
courage enlistments; that it will save the blood of
ourpeople; thatitwill strengthen the cause of our
country; that for reasons of economy, as well as
of justice, it will be good policy to pass it. I
hope, therefore, that the Senate will adopt the
amendment,and that we shall make the wivesand
children of the slaves who enlist into the military
service free, as well as themselves. There cannot
be any doubt of the effect of its passage. The
permanent and enduring interests of the country,
justice to these colored men who have enlisted,
and are fighting our battles, and humanity to their
families require it. It can certainly do no wrong
to their masters, because everybody knows that
slavery can linger but a very few months longer
in these border States. It must pass away, in some
form or other; and I therefore hope the amend-
ment will receive the support of the Senate.
Mr. WILKINSON. I should like to ask the
Senator from Massachusetts if it is his purpose
to pay the estimated value of the wife and chil-
dren of every slave that is enlisted in the United
States service to their masteis?
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir; in the States repre-
sented in Congress. This commission is to make
an estimate of what they regard as a fair and just
compensation, to be reported to Congress.
Mr. WILKINSON. I suppose the honorable
chairman has made an estimate of the expense;
how much these soldiers would cost per head?
Mr. WILSON. I cannot tell exactly; but I
think very much less than the bounties we are
now paying to soldiers.
Mr. WILKINSON. I will inquire of the Chair
if the amendment is subject to amendment?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. WILKINSON. Then I move to strike
out the second section.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion is in
order.
Mr. POMEROY. I should like to have that
section amended before a motion is made to strike
it out. Perhaps the objection of the Senator to
the scction will be removed by my amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. A motion to amend
it will take precedcnce of a motion to strike out.
Mr. WILKINSON. I will hear the proposi-
tion of the Senator.
Mr. POMEROY. I will state the amendment
for the information of the Senator. I should like
to have that section amended in the eighth line by
striking out the words "to award to each loyal
person to whom the wife and children aforesaid
may owe service a just compensation," and in-
serting:
To settle the account between each such person made
free and hi3 or her ownci, and award to each party such
just compensation n > may be found due.
I think before we undertake to say there is noth-
ing due to either party, as the bill alludes to a
commission already appointed, that the business
of thfctt commission should be to ascertain and set-
tle the account between the two parties. I moved
this amendmentonce before. When the question
of compensation to pay for slaves to be made free
in the District of Columbia was under considera-
tion, I insisted upon it that that commission who
wyre to be appointed to compensate loyal owners
by the payment of $300, should take into consid-
eration the condition of the persons to be made
free, and settle and adjusttheaccountas between
them and their masters. If they had rendered'
