132
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 7,
{ben tkey will receive the same relative amounts
with other officers and persons in the employ-
ment of the Government, and not their salaries
in full in gold while all others receivc a depre-
ciated currency.
I do not see how it is possible, sir, for gentle-
men to stand up in a Government like ours and
advocate the payment of, these foreign salaried
officers in gold, dollar for dollar, when they see
around this Hall and everywhere the worn-out
and shadowy forms of men who for thirteen dol-
lars a month, not paid in gold, but in our unfor-
tunately depreciated currency, have been so long
bearing the heat and burden of the day in the
struggle to maintain the national life. Justice
demands that you pay your soldier in gold or its
equivalent in currency m preference to all others
in the national service, but if this bill passes,
you pay your foreign ministers and consuls, in
their pleasant sinecures abroad, in gold at the rate
of the old salaries, and the soldier in a currency
depreciated nearly one half in value since his sal-
ary was fixed by law at thirteen dollars per month.
Mr. COFEROTH. I shall vote against this
amendment, because I believe in the doctrine that
when men accept high positions under the Gov-
ernment, they should have that standard of value
which they were bound to receive at the time they
accepted office. I shall therefore vote with my
friend from Indiarmforevery bill and proposition
that shall come up in this House to increase the
wages of the men who have gone out to sustain
the flag of our country. When the volunteer sys-
tem was commenced at the breaking out of the
rebellion, they agreed to go into the Army at the
rate of thirteen dollars per month, when the stand-
ard value of money was gold and silver, and I
shall vote for any pioposition to increase their pay
in greenbacks now so as to raise it to thatstandaru.
These men employed in foreign countries have
left their homes and gone into the service of the
Government under the impression that they were
to receive their salaries in gold and silver, and now,
when greenbacks have fallen below par, we ought
to inciease their pay so as to bring it up to the
standard of gold and silver. I shall vote for this
appropriation, believing that honesty and justice
require that we should do what is right toward
these men, as well as toward the men who arc
in our Army, and all others who are in the em-
ployment of the Government. If greenbacks go
down to fifty per cent, or one hundred per cent,
or one hundred and fifty per cent., the $3,000 a
year which a member of Congress gets is only
equal to $1,000 or $1,500. I want to keep up the
standard, and theiefore I shall vote fortius appro-
priation.
Mr. MORRILL. I confess, Mr. Chairman,
that 1 somewhat sympathize with the idea of the
gentleman from Indiana, (Mr. IIolman,] that
some portion of these consuls might be dispensed
with; and early in the session 1 took occasion to
inform myself in relation to the facts, and I found
that this is, perhaps, the best money expended by
the Government. Under the piesentexistingstate
of circumstances our own vessels, as well as the
vessels of the rebels, frequent the ports ot South
America and of all or hoi parts of the world, and
it becomes necessary that this Government should
be repiesented m oidet to'maintain a proper pub-
lic opinion in those places in favor of the Umtud
States Government; and I am happy" to say that
at the present moment nil the smaller Governments
in South America are cordially in favor of the
present Government uf the United States, in
relation to this subject it has become necessary to
increase the numbei somewhat, but to a very small
extent; and that increase the gentleman from In-
diana would, 1 am sure, if he were to investigate
the subject, approve of.
As to the increase in tost, in consequence of
the diffeience in exchange, I will say to the gen-
tleman from Indiana that it hay b< en the practice,
ever since the foundation of the Government, to
pay any losses by way of exchange to our rep-
tesentaiives abroad. It would be utterly impos-
sible for ua to get along in any other mode, it
has always been the practice,and any gentleman
can see how utteily valueless it would be to pay
ojToor representative in Japan, for instance, in
p-i enbacks.
Mr. HOLM AN. Will the gentleman from
Vennont allow me to a^k him a question ?
Mr. MORRILL. Certainly.
Mr. HOLMAN. Heretofore have we not
merely paid the loss by simple exchange; and is
not the proposition now to pay the difference be-
tween the legal currency of the United States and
the gold standard; and is it not the depreciation
of the currency that creates this extraordinary
difference?
Mr. MORRILL. It is precisely what we have
always paid, the difference in exchange, in order
to remit gold to our representatives abroad. I
hardly think, Mr. Chairman, that the question in
regard to the pay of soldiers is pertinent to this
bill, and therefore I will not argue it.
Mr. STROUSE. Mr. Chairman,! regret that
I cannot agree with_.my friend from Indiana, as I
usually do. I hope, however, that the time is not
far distant when we shall have no difficulty in re-
gard to the difference of value between gold and
its paper representative. I wish that we could
pay all the public officers, and particularly that
we could pay the Army and Navy, in the coin of
the United States. I wish that we could come
down to paying in coin even the members of Con-
gress. I certainly would not object to receiving
my little salary in the coin of the United States.
But we are at present, we have been, and we must
continue to be for a long time, in a state of war,
and have bpen compelled toincurenormous debts.
I do not intend to discuss now the origin, the pol-
icy, or the conduct of the war. I speak simply
ot existing circumstances, of facts as they are,
of the reason why the officers and privates of the
Army and Navy, as well as the civil officers of the
Government, are paid in paper money, which, by
the laws of trade, is now depieciated. Yet we
arc in a position hcrcentirely different from that of
our diplomatic representatives abroad. Take any
foreign post, from thatof miniaterplempotcntiary
ofthe first, class down to the consular or vice con-
sular agent, and all of them arc located at points
where nothing but coin can be used as circulating
medium.
We do not pay these representatives anymore
now, as I understand, than we have paid them
heretofore. Their salaries are fixed by law, and
cannot be increased or reduced except by the ac-
tion of Congiess, approved by the President. In
my humble judgment, it would bo gross injustice
to our diplomatic and consular representatives
abroad to pay them less than they are allowed by
law. If ever, in the history of the country, it
was important to be fully and ably represented
abroad, that time is now. I am free to say that,
but for our huge representation in different parts
of the civilized and semi-civilized world, the status
of the United States of America,and the peace of
the United States of America m its intercourse
with foreign nations, would not have been so well
maintained. I believe fnmiy that much of the
credit of that is due to the attention and care be-
stowed upon our intercourse by our representa-
tives abroad for the last eight or ten years.
I said that we would be doing injustice to these
gentlemen if we failed to pay them their salaries
in gold. Take, for instance, our representatives
in Japan,at Singapore, in the East Indies, on the
Mediterranean, in South America, or at any of the
capitals of Europe. Theirexpenses of living are
veiy gieat. We pay them no more than we paid
them before, although we do pay the difference
between the value of gold and paper. They re-
ceive exactly the same as theyieceived before.
It would be a violation of contract on the part of
the Government to ask one of these men with a
salary of $5,000 to take $3,500.
I am opposed to extravagance. I would oppose
any bill to increase saiaties where I think such
increase is not necessary and proper. But I am
in tavor of doing just and light by our servants,
and particularly by those on whom we must rely
to maintain the honor, character, and dignity of
the United States of America. I am in favor of
increasing the pay of the soldiersand sailors,and
shall vote for any hill that may come before the
House to raise the wages of those who sacrifice
health, comfort, and lives m the defense of the
Republic and the maintenance of hoi institutions.
3>iu 1 am opposed to shaving down the salaries
of men who would be taken by surprise to find
that they Vveie to be paid in popei which they
could notoven redeem abroad. I trust, therefore,
that gentlemen will consider these circumstances;
and, with all due icspect to my friend from Indi-
ana, I hope he will withdrawing amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN. I withdraw my amendment,
and offer, instead of it, to amend by adding the
following:
That all salaiies of ministers, consuls, and'other public
agents employed abroad, shall be paid on the basis of the
legal tender currency ofthe C/uitod States,and not in gold,
or upon the basis of gold; the amount paid through exchange
to be regulated by the nominal value of the legal tender
notes, and not on their depioeiaiion in reference to gold,
actual expense of transportation only consulted.
Mr. STEVENS. I rise to a question of order.
The amendment is a change of the law, and is
therefore, under the rules, not in order to an ap-
propriation bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. It changes no law. It only
proposes to pay these officers of the Government
in the legal currency of the country, and also the
cost of transportation abroad to their posts. The
law fixes the salary of our foreign ministers and
consuls. It also provides for paying them the
loss by exchange. I am not sure that that is pro-
vided for. This does not change the law, but
proposes to pay them in the legal currency of the
United States. It is in conformity with law. The
difference between our currency and gold is its
depreciation, and is not the amount of the loss of
exchange. I hold, therefore, that my amendment
is in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order raised by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, and rules the amendment out of order.
The Clerk read as follows:
For salaiios of eommi-sMOucia and consuls general to
Ilayti and Liberia, $11,500.
Mr. COX. I move to strike out so much of the
appropriation as provides for the commissioners
to Hayti and Liberia. I move to strike out the
words " commissioners and," and reduce the ap-
propriation from §11,500 to $7,000. I offer the usual
motion, Mr. Chairman, which I have offered ever
since this was first provided in an appropriation
loill, and I shall continue to do so so long as I
have a seat upon this floor. I do not think that
it is a proper appropriation. I do not think that
it has any beneficial effect in a commercial point
of view.
We all know that these missions to Hayti and
Liberia were originated for a political and a par-
tisan object, so avowed at the time the law was
brought forward in this House. It does not seek
the extension of our commercial intercourse, for
that is provided by consuls and not commission-
ers. It was avowed as a political and partisan
object when the proposition was first brought be-
fore the House.
Mr. KELLEY. Who avowed that as the
object of the establishment of these missions to
Hayti and Liberia?
Mr. COX. The gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Goocit,] atthe time the bill was up for
discussion, very frankly and boldly avowed the
object to be to establish an equality between the
white republic and the black republic.
Mr. KELLEY. 1 deny it. I ask the gentle-
man from Ohio to point out the rccoid of any such
remarks made by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts or any other gentleman on this side of the
House. There is no such thing.
Mr. COX. Tlie gentleman says that there is
no such thing. Why does he not appeal to the
recoup I would rather have the recollection of
the gentleman from Massachusetts. I asked him
whether he would not accept an amendment to pro-
vide for com mercial appointments of consuls, &c. ?
He replied that he wanted ministers to Hayti and
Liberia He said that that side had no objection
to a black minister to this country if this side
had. He said that he had none himself. I re-
niembei that the distinguished member from Ken-
tucky, Mr. Crittenden, since dead, expressed his
astonishment that gentlemen on the other side
desired to have black ministers at this Govern-
ment. Our side of the House stood up for our
own race—for the dignity and the decency of that
race which has carved out thegioryandthepros-
perity of this country. I am earnest on this sub-
ject.
My amendment will do away with these com-
missioners, and lea\e the consuls there with their
proper salaiics. it will do away with the tom-
foolery of having black ministers at the White
House, which was started originally, as I have
stated, for mere party purposes.
There is a black minister here from Hayti—does
he do anything? Gentlemen said when the law
