1178
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 18.
unpaid service all iheir lives, some compensation !
might be due the slaves. On the other hand, if
they had been a bill of expense to the master, if
he had'been educating and supporting them and
they had not been able to render service sufficient
to defray the expense they had been to him, then
he should bo paid.
Mr. GRIMES. By whom ?
Mr. POMEROY. By the Government. By
making one sweeping clause to pay $300, or what-
ever J.hey might be adjudged to be worth, there
was'a manifest injustice done. I insist that be-
fore loyal owners shall be paid, the question shall
be fairly ascertained whether, and how much, if
anything, is due them. I am for rendering a
"just compensation," as this bill says; but it
maybe made very unjust by a general law indis-
criminately paying all alike. There may be those
who have rendered such valuable and important
service that they ought to be paid by the Govern-
ment. 1 want this commission, before they un-
dertake to pay indiscriminately, to investigate that
question. 1 believe my amendment will secure
that object, and I desire to have that amendment
made to this section of the bill. At any rate, I
desire to have a vote upon it before any motion
is made to strike out the section.
Mr. WILSON. Will the Senator state his
amendment again?
Mr. POMEROY. I will send it to the Chair.
It is, in the eighth line of the second section, to
strike out the words " to award to each loyal per-
son to whom the wife and children aforesaid may
owe service a just compensation," and to insert;
To settle the account between eaeli j-uch poison made
free and las or her owner, ami awaul to each jiauy bueli
just cotnpeusrftkm as m.iy be lomul due.
• It is too late for us to undertake to say that there
may be nothing duo to a slave. I notice that the
chairman of the Committee on Indian Affairs,
[Mr. Doolittle,] every now and then states to
the Senate that a tribe of Indians arc going to
commence life anew; that is, they are going to be
made citizens, they arc going to sustain a new
and important relation to the Government; and
that they may commence their new hfe under fa-
vorable circumstances, he brings in a bill to ap-
pi opnate so much money to set them up. Now,
Juire is a clays of persona whom we propose to
make free, who have rendered unpaid services for
a life-long. 1 submit whether there are not the
name reasons why, commencing life under new
and as I hope under more favorable circumstances,
they should be set up. If there is anything due,
instead of paying it over to the master in all cases
as tins bill provides, let this commission discrim-
inate, and in some eases pay it over to those slaves
to whom the compensation may be fairly and
justly due.
Mr. SHERMAN. As this btil provides for an
appropriation of a very large sum—not le«s than
six million dollars according to my calculation,
but the amount is very uncertain, it is from .six
to one hundred millions—I move to postpone it
until Thursday next, with a view that we may
act upon the main proposition, the amendment
to the Constitution to abolish slavery in the United
States, and I hope that will be disposed of befoie
this bi!f is passed. I submit that motion.
Mr. SUMNElt. I desire to make one rem.uk to
thoSonniu.* The Senator spooks about acting on
" the main proposition." The mam proposition,
sir, is to strike slavery wherever you can hit it,
and { tell the Senator that he will not accomplish
his purpose if he contents himself merely with a
constitutional amendment. I am for a constitu-
tional amendment; I have made the proposition
on this floor in several different forms; but how
long will ittake to carry that proposition through
both Houses of Congiess, then to curry it to Us
final consummation by th.c votes of the Legisla-
tures of the country? Are wo to postpone ac-
tion on all these questions until that possibly dis-
tant day > No, sir. Let us act in the pie'sent,
meet each question as jt comes, and not under-
take to postpone it; certainly not undertake to
postpone it under the illusion that we settle this
question by an attempt, for it will be an attempt
only, at a constitutional amendment.
Mr. WILSON. I hope the bill will not be
postponed. Senatois speak of the great expense
that is to be incurred under its provisions. There
«'s not a member of the Senate who believes that
it will be so expensive as the bounties the coun-
try is paying for soldiers. I have not the slight-
est idea that we shall pay so much for colored
men as the country is paying to raise soldiers to
put into the Army. We want soldiers at this
time. Soldiers put into the service of the United
States to-day are costing the country eight hun-
dred or a thousand dollars in some form or other,
and we want all the soldiers we can get. We
want to crush this rebellion during the present
year.
Here is an opportunity to encourage enlistments
into the service by saying to every slave in the
loyal States that if he will enlist not only he shall
be free, but the wife of his bosom and the children
of his love. I think it is a measure to fill up our
armies, and itought not to be postponed an hour.
Then as a matter of justice, how can you go to a
man and ask him to enlist to fight the battles of
his country when he knows that the moment his
back is turned his wife and his children will be
sold to strangers ? I know nothing more inhu-
man than the intelligence we have fiom portions
of the country that the masters, exasperated by
the fact that their slaves enlist into the service of
the United States, sell their wives and children,
in revenge, and- I think we ought to correct it.
As to the few dolluis it will cost, it will be very
slight indeed. The matter is in our hands. Every-
body knows that the slaves in most of these States
are worth very little; I have not an idea that the
average of the families of these slaves will cost
$200.
Mr. CONNESS. Will the Senator allow me
to say one word here*
Mr. WILSON. Certainly.
Mr. CONNESS. 1 ask the Senator from Massa-
chusetts whether they will not be worth less in
a little while, in his opinion?
Mr. WILSON. 1 think so.
Mr. CONNESS. Then is it not wise to delay
their purchase? I am opposed to this bill upon
that principle. It is had economy. The idea of
the Government lushing into the market to buy
slaves while the price is high, when it is notori-
ous that they are getting worth less and less every
day is very bad economy, in my opinion.
Air. WJLfcSON. While the Senatoi is waiting
for the pi lee to fall, the man whom we want for
a soldier is waiting- to have his wife and chiftlren
protected before he will fight the battles of the
country, and the country is going to ruin while
you are higgling about a fall in the price of the
Mr. WILKINSON. If the Senator will accept
uiy amendment, it will obviate all that difficulty.
Mr. WILSON. I am willing to take a vote
upon it. You have a geneial in the service of the
United States, a general known intimately by the
►Senator Aoni Missouri, who sends heie a dozen
letters from officers ail over that State, saying that
the enlistmentsaiefalhng oft', because the men en-
listed find that their wives and children aie sold
in revenge or are abused by their mastcis, and
men will not enlist unless they know (hat their
Wives and their children aie to be taken care of.
Among these letters is one from a wife to her hus-
band, in which sin; tells him how she is Heated,
that she cannot get letters from him, that she
thinks he ought not to have left iiei and left her
children to sutler m that way; and then she adds:
" I cannot ask any of our neigh bo is to enlist and
have them sutler as 1 am Muileiing."
As to the cost of tins measure, I have no idea
that it will amount to as much as the bounty we
are. now paying. Besides, it obtains the soldiers
now, and it helps to break down the slave sys-
tem. The spending of a few million dollars in
hunyiftg to its end tne only thing that continues
this war is true economy. If, however,.Sena-
tors do not wish to vote for this piovtsion, let them
move to stnkc it out, and let us take the question
on the simple piopostUon to emancipate the wives
and children of the soldiers who will enlist. I
have no objection. 1 would rather have the propo-
sition in tlmf simple form, if I could.
Air. WILKINSON. 1 cannot waive the amend-
ment that I offered for the purpose of accepting
the amendment of the Senator from Kansas, [Mr.
Pomcroy.J My reason is that I do not think it
would be very profitable or satisfactory to the
people of the United States to send a < ommission
all over this countiy t.o ascertain how much every
negro has earned from his infancy up to the pres-
ent time, in order to strike a balance between the
master and the slave. I do not think we should
obtain any very satisfactory results from such a
proposition. But I am utterly opposed to the
proposition contained in the second section of this
bill. I do not want this Government to become
the purchaser of slaves. I think we have already
gone too far in acknowledging the right of prop-
erty in slaves; and, as 1 do not Relieve there can
be any such thing as property in man, I do not
like to see the words "just compensation" in-
serted m a bill which provides for the freedom
of the families of soldiers; nor a provision made
that "just compensation" shall be paid by the
United States to any man who claims property
in another man. I am opposed to inserting here
the same words which are employed in the Con-
stitution of the United States in the provision that
requires compensation to be made for property
taken for public use. I think it is time that the
idea that slaves are property like horses and oxen
should be utterly repudiated by the Congress of
the United States.
Besides, by the provisions of a bill which was
introduced by the Senator fiom Massachusetts
some time ago, we have aheady agreed to pay to
loyal masters $300 for every slave who may en-
list. The second section of the bill now before
the Senate proposes to pay a "just compensa-
tion" for their families so as not to conflict with
the terms of the Constitution, as those who ad-
vocate the doctrine of property in man claim.
Now, sir, what will these soldiers costus apiece
under this bill? We have already agreed to pay
§300 for the soldier himself, and we now propose
to pay a " just compensation" to the loyal mas-
ter for the soldier's wife and children. It is rea-
sonable to suppose that for every married stave
who is enlisted there will be four persons to be
paid for under this provision. " Just compensa-
tion," under this bill, will be probably regarded
at from four to five hundred dollars apiece. Four
hundred dollars each, 1 am told by my friend from
Kentucky, [Mr. Davis,] will probably be the es-
timated value of each mcmberof the families of sol-
diers. That would require you, for every enlisted
slave who has a wife and three children, to pay
$I,G00. Then, adding the $300 you have already
agreed to pay for the man himself, the amount
would be $1,900 for every slave whom the honor-
able Senator from Massachusetts would enlist into
the Army of the United States who belonged to
a loyal master. If we should carry out this idea,
I think it would draw heavily upon our Treas-
ury. 1 am opposed to the whole policy, even if
it would not cost us more than $100 each. I be-
lieve those persons owe service to the United
States Government, and when they aie called upon
by the authorities to uphold the nation, we are un-
der no more obligation to pay for them than we
are to pay the father whose minor son is placed
in the service of the United States.
Mr. LAME, of Kansas. Do 1 understand the
Senator from Minnesota as being willing to call
negro men into the At my as fighting men against
the enemy without securing freedom" to their wives
and children in some wav?
Mr. WILKINSON. If the Senator had list-
ened to my amendment he would have seen that
I am in favor of the first section of the bill, and
for stiikmg out the compensation clause. I am
for giving freedom to the wife and the children of
every man who beais a musket in the armies of
the United States, but I am utterly opposed to
sending out a commission to ascertain what the
value of the wife and those children of the sol-
dier is, and paying a "just compensation "to their
pretended masters. 1 am for setting them free at
once. They earn their freedom by serving this
nation. I believe that the allegiance which they
owe to this Go vein men t is paramount to any obli-
gation that they arc under to any human being
or) earth, and that this Government has a rightto
demand their services, and in compensation there-
for it can declare that they shall be free forever,
without paying anybody any money out of the
Treasury of the United States.
I am not, however, very particular whether this
bill shall be postponed or not. My opinion is
that before a vote is pressed upon soimportanta
measure as this, which will involve millions upon
millions of expendituie, careful consideration
should be given to it.
Mr. WILSON. Why not go on and take a
vote on your proposition?
