2154
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 6,
•=£39,183,640; in 1858, .£39,107,632; in 1859, .£39,-
870,958.
The paper circulation of the United Kingdom
is |100,000,000 less than we propose by this bill,
while we already have out six or eight hundred
millions.
The total circulation of the Bunk of France from
1850 to 1856 av^aged about 612,000,000 francs,
or$122,000,000.
Let us see what'was the bank circulation of the
United States at different periods. In 1830 it was
in round numbers $60,000,000; in 1836 it was
$151,000,000; and what followed 1836? We ail
know the ruin that followed; and why? Because*
the system of banking upon credit was adopted
all over the country, and especially in the south-
western States. The banks had issued twelve
and fifteen and sometimes twenty dollars in paper
for one dollar in coin, and many banks issued
paper without one dollar of coin to begin with.
Everyone of the stock banks of that period failed,
and brought distress on the country. In 1838 the
bank circulation had fallen to §115,000,000, a con-
traction of §36,000,000 in two years. Why was
this? It was an effort of the country to save it-
self, an effort to drive off a superabundance of
the circulatingmedium,and to corrcct the evils of
the day. It was like the effort of nature to shake
off disease. In 1840, the bank circulation fell to
$112,000,000, and in 1843 it had decreased to
§57,000,000. The delirium of eight years was
over,and common sense had returned. In 1845
it ran up to $88,000,000. Increasing population
and business demanded additional facilities. In
1850 it was $339,000,000; in 185.5, $186,000,000;
in 1857, $218,000,000; and in 1860 it was $207,-
000,000.
Rut, Mr. President, I wish to examine this
question in one other aspect. I am not a sectional
man, and I do not want to make a sectional ar-
gument; but the bill suggests a thought tlmt can-
not be well disregarded by western men. Be-
cause 1 undertake to protect the best interests of
the people whom I represent on this floor, I am
not therefore a sectional man. I now wish to pre-
sent a reason, an nil-sufficient mason to my mind,
why no western man should vote f'oi this bill.
Some western Senators seem to be very much in
favor of the. measure, because they say we suf-
fered a few years ago from the individual stock
bank system, and they want a currency that is
national and uniform; and without stopping to in-
quire into the other questions connected with the
measure, they rush at once to the consummation,
as they suppose, of getting such a currency. I
ask the question, how can a western man vote for
this proposition? And when I ask it 1 say noth-
ing against the eastern and the northern States,
f believe I think as kindly of Massachusetts, of
Rhode Island, of New Hampshire, New York,
Pennsylvania, or any of the eastern States as 1
do'of my own State. I desire to legislate in my
place here for the good of all; and while I am
legislating for the West I think I am legislating
for the good of all, because, although this meas-
ure may be attended with temporary benefits to
the northern people, it will redound to their injury
in the end. What is to be its result?
It will inflate the currency; and what is the re-
sult of an inflated currency? It stimulates spec-
ulation. Having intercourse with foreign na-
tions, money neccssaiily seeks its level. The
tendency of money is to an equilibrium. Forin-
stance, if we have more gold in this country than
is demanded by our business, more than is needed
for the exchange of property, it necessarily goes
to other countries with which we have commer-
cial intercourse, until an equilibrium is produced.
If we use paper instead of gold in such abund-
ance as to fill the requirements of business here,
forcing the paper on the community or the com-
munity using it voluntarily, without requiring
gold to remain in this country as a basis of cir-
culation, the gold goes abroad, for foreign mer-
chants will not take this paper. The greater the
inflation the more rapid the exportation of gold.
As the volume of currency increases so do spec- !
uiation, reckless dealing, and extravagance in-
crease. There is fancied wealth, and while the
delusion lasts our conduct is as reckless as if real j
wealth existed.
In such times importations always exceed ex-
portation, and the balance has to be adjusted
with gold. This continues, as itdid in 1835,1836,
and 1837, until the country is drained of its pre-
cious metals^ When this occurs the bloated sys-
tem falls ancPihe reality of bankruptcy is upon
us. Whether in process of time the entire coin*
of the country will be exported depends entirely
upon the amount of paper circulation that the
country has. If it be greatly in excess of the de-
mands of business, producing extravagant specu-
lation, the coin will ultimately go. It matters not
what theamountof import duties at a given time,
if we continue to increase the paper circulation
the prices of goods and wares will continue to go
up and importations will continue.
Since I came here to the Senate we have raised
the tariff, I believe, three times. Does anybody
suppose that is going to check importations into
this country? I say no, it will never do it, as
long as you continue to inflate the currency. It
is idle to talk about tariffs stopping importations
as long as you inflate the currency and make it
to the profit or fancied grofit of an individual to
import goods. The result is to increase the price
of coin and also of goods, and the holders sell
their goods on a rising market, and they will con-
tinue to export coin and import luxuries. The
result will be that before we cease importations
we ruin the country by shipping all the substratum
of credit out of it. I was looking the other day
at the importations into the port of New York,
and I noticed that for the quarter ending the last
of March, including the months of January, Feb-
ruary, and March, we imported into this country
some thirteen or fourteen million dollars' worth
more than we exported; and notwithstanding the
increase of the tariff a few days ago, we shall find
that those importations will continue to increase
if we pass the bill now under consideration.
Gentlemen will remember what I say, if they
think it of any importance. I now predict that
the importations will not decrease in amount until
we stop this inflated system of banking. We
have to come back to the reality of wealth; we
have to come back to that which is money; and
the sooner we do it the better it will be for the
credit of tho country and the success of the Treas-
ury. We shall then understand our own condi-
tion. Eveiythmg now is seen in a false light.
Common sense teaches that war impoverishes a
country, and yet we fancy that we are growing
rich. It is a delirium—the influence of a stimu-
lant preceding dangerous prostration.
How will we undertake to prevent future im-
portations? Just as heretofore, by continuing to
raise the tariff from year to year. This I have
shown is vain ur.less we cease to inflate the cur-
rency. Now, what is the effect of this continual
increase of the tariff upon western interests? I
refer to this not to get up any local or sectional
feeling. I would scorn to do any such thing.
The interests of one section of the country are as
dear to me as the interests of another; but I see
the inevitable effect of this system on that section
of the country which I in part represent, and it
is my duty to call attention to it. I am aston-
ished at some western Senators taking the posi-
tion they do. They seem to be influenced by the
one single object of securing what they term a
national currency. They will not reason with
you if you tell them the circulation of small stock
banks, although organized under a law of Con-
gress?, will be no better than the currency they
now have. Carried away by this one idea, they
are willing to act wholly without examination of
other questions connected with it. They say the
road they are traveling leads to a point which
they desire to reach. It may be so; but I doubt
the policy of rushing along heedlessly over
swollen streams and bogs and piecipices without
any effort to avoid them. Suppose we get a na-
tional currency, uniformly worthless, and it pene-
trates all the avenues of business, drivingout our
real wealth, and itself ultimately" turningto bitter
ashes upon our lips," what shall we have gained ?
Suppose it has the effect to impoverish us of the
West and give our riches to others, then we do
not want it, however good it may be.
The manufactuicis of those articles which are
not produced in sufficient quantity to supply the
whole demand in the United States are enabled
to add the entire duty to the price of their manu-
factuied aitides. They can add that duty in
coin or its equivalent, because the duty is paid in
coin. If fifty-five cents duty be added on such
an article, the duty being paid in com, the addi-
tional price to the consumer is one dollar in cur-
rency; or else our whole taxing system is ahum-
bug, a delusion, and a cheat. If this be not so,
it is folly to be increasing the tariff. It is idle to
tell me that you put a tariff on foreign articles
imported into this country to protect the manu-
facturer of those articles at home, upon which
you have imposed an internal revenue duty, un-
less it has that effect. The'Senator from Ver-
mont,[Mr. Collamer,] inhis able argument the
other day, made this perfectly clear. Hence the
enormous prices of cottons, flannels, iron manu-
factures, and other articles made in the northern
and eastern States. But how is it with pork,
wheat, corn, rye, and other articles of the west-
ern States? Flour is scarcely higher now in the
West than it was in 1860, when our circulating
medium was $207,000,000, although we now have
eight or nine hundred millions in circulation. It
was then worth perhaps $6 50 a barrel, and now
it is worth only $8. Pork, bacon, lard, barley,
&c., are scarcely twenty-five per cent, higher
now than they were before the inflation. It is
plain to see that this is a constant drain on the
West. These articles are produced in excess of
the demand, and tariff laws will not affect their
value. You cannot impose a tariff on these ar-
ticles of western growth which will add seri-
ously to theirvalue; andwhy? Because we grow"
them in excess of the demands of this country,
and we want a market for them abroad.
If this inflation goes on, provoking specula-
tion and immorality and reckless trading, in-
creasing the prices of manufactured goods to the
extent not only of the inflation but also to the
amount of the tariff, while we of the West re-
ceive for our productionsonly the increased price
produced by the inflation itself, our wealth will
be gradually transferred to the East; we shall be-
come poor, and utterly unable to meet the reality
of specie resumption in the future. It is the
duty of the West to demand a return at once to
a more healthy condition of things.
Give us a sound currency and we must pros-
per. Our productions command coin abroad.
They constitute real wealth. Upon these pro-
ductions in the future we must build our foreign
exchanges. An exorbitant tariff is ruinous to
our interests. It forces us to pay more for what
we buy and receive less in specie for what we
sell. If we expand the currency it constitutes
another excuse for raising the tariff. Importa-
tions will come, and to check them we add to the
impost duties. To check the expansion we in-
crease the internal duties, so as to absorb the
currency; one wrong making another necessary.
So the West pays its taxes, while it receives no
benefit from tariff duties or paper inflations. If
this system goes into operation all these evils
follow. An inflated currcncy is the result of the
system; an inflated currency makes it necessary
to impose internal duties; internal duties render
it necessary to increase the duties on importations.
The increase of the tariff from year to year will
finally transfer all the real substantial wealth of
the West and leave us where we were in 1838—
our substance gone, and we holding millions of
rags, calling them money.
Now, Mr. President, what will the Govern-
ment itself gain by this measure? What will be
the benefit to the Government of the United States
aiising from the adoption of this banking law?
The lesult of it will be inflation, of course; it can-
not be otherwise. What are the consequences of
that inflation on the public debt? Our annual ex-
penditures will now reach say $1,000,000,000 in
currency. What is that currency worth in gold ?
Gold is now worth $1 80 to the dollar; therefore a
dollar of paper is worth fifty-five and a half cents
in coin, as I have already said. Hence, when we
have borrowed $1,000,000,000in paper to cany ou
a ycar'a war we know its intrinsic value is only
$555,000,000. But for the inflation of the prices
produced by an over-issu<^of paper the Govern-
ment could buy nearly as much with the $555,-
000,000 as with the $1,000,000,000.
Would it not then be better for the Government
in the end to borrow and disburse the $555,000,000
in com, or in paper that is its equivalent, than to
borrow the $1,000,000,000 in depreciated paper?
I waive the risk and additional expense of hand-
ling the larger amount, and it is very great in
these times of immorality.
It will be remembered that when we give our
