1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
point one branch of the road shall go down Now Jersey
avenue to the south side of O street, where it shall term-
inate, while the mam load shall pass along B stieot to Cap-
itol street north, thence along that street to A street noith,
thence along A s'treet north to First street cast, thence along
First street east to Pennsylvania avenue east, there Inter-
secting with the road as it now runs. And the track now
running throught the eastern park of the Capitol and along
A street soutli shall be taken up and discontinued by the
Istdayof May, 1865; and when such change is being made
in said route, and after the same shall be completed, the cars
required by this act to be run between Seventeenth street
and the east front of the Capitol shall run from Sevcn-
tct nth street to the aforesaid intersection of Delaware ave-
nue and A street north.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I am not in favor of that
change of the route of the road.
Mr. GRIMES. The committee propose to
strikeout the section and let the route stand as it is.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
sixth section, as follows:
Sec. 6. Jlnd be it further enacted, That it shall he the
duty of said company, within twenty days from and after
the passage of this act, to have prepared tickets for pas-
sage on their cars, and to keep them at their office for sale
by the package of twenty-live, or over, at the rate of
tweny-five for the dollar, each of which tickets shall en-
title the holder to one passage in any car of the company
for any distance upon their main line of railway, or upon
either of the blanches thereof or between the teiinuu of
eithei of the said branches to any point upon said railway
or blanches.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. It seems to me a very idle
and very foolish thing to require this company to
make such a report as is required by the fourth
section of this bill. I never saw such a report,
and never heard of such a report being made by
a railroad or any other kind of company. It re-
quires them to make a report upon thirty-one
different items, showing among other things the
" number and cost of cars"—you might as well
have said of each car—the " number of horses
or mules used in the service of the road and cost;"
'• coyt of harnesses and other appointments;"
" cost of tools and fixtures, including furniture
of offices," and so on. I will ask the Senator
from Iowa what is the object of that section.
Mr. GRIMES. This is a House bill; it was
sent to us from the other branch of Congress;
and I understand that fourth section is a tran-
script of the provision of the Revised Statutes
of New York. I cannot say that it is so, for I
have never examined the subject, but I under-
stand that to be the fact.
Mr. SHERMAN. They are also required to
report the amount of salaries paid to officers, the
amount paid to employes, the amount paid for
reconstruction of and repairs to track, theamount
paid for taxes, &c. It seems to me it is perfectly
idle, a piece of folly, to require a little corpora-
tion like this, a street railroad, to make such a
report. This is an unreasonable requirement.
They are required now by their charter to make
a detailed report of all that is material. 1 move
to strike out the fourth section of the bill.
Mr. GRIMES. It is very possible that the
advantages of making such a detailed report may
not be perceived at this time, but the experience
of other States, I think, has demonstrated the
propriety of having such reports made. We have
the entire legislation on the subject ol this com-
pany. We have reserved the power to change,
alter, modify, or repeal their charter, and if such
a report as is required by this bill shall be prop-
erly made to us it may enlighten the understand-
ing of future Congresses as to what their duty
may be. It can be of no particular harm to the
company, for they are required to show nothing
other than what their books, if properly kept,
will show; and I think, even if it be in relation to
a small company here, it is well for us to set a
good example to the other States in their legisla-
tion in regard to corporations of this description.
I understand, however, that in this case the ex-
ample was set to us by the State of New York,
ana this section was introduced by a gentleman
from New York,a member of the Committee for
the District of Columbia in the House of Repre-
sentatives, and who, I understand, is rather in-
timately connected with these railroads.
Mr. SHERMAN. IftheSenator really thinks
it is worth while for this corporation to make
such a report as is here indicated I have no ob-
jection. ,
Mr. GRIMES. I can say furthermore tnat
the president of this compan y was before us with
the bill as it now stands, and he interposed not
the slightest objection to this section.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the Sen-
ator from Ohio withdraw his motion ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg leave to offer an amend-
ment to comc in at the end of the first section:
Jlnd providedtfitrther, That there shall be no exclusion
of any person from any car on account of color,
I will merely make one remark. Congress has
already adopted this proviso with regard to the
two other railroads in the District, one running
through P street, and the other between here and
Alexandria. It ought to make the roads equal
in this respect if there were no other'reason in
favor of the provision; but I borrow an idea from
my friend the Senator from Iowa, who has just
told the Senate that it is important in bills here
that we should set a good example to the whole
country; and I think in this provision we shall
set a good example to every city throughout the
country where there are horse railroads.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I saw an illustration the
other day of this " no exclusion from the carson
account of color." It is riot often that I ride in
them; but it happened the other morning in com-
ing to the Senate I took a seat in one of them.
The car was very much crowded. Stopping at
a crossing some ladies came into the car. I got
up and gave my seat to a lady. Half a dozen
other gentlemen got up and gave their seats to
ladies. But in one corner sat one of these beau-
tiful free men of African descent, the only negro
in thecal-, too dignified to get up and give his
seat to a white lady. That is one of the beautiful
advantages resulting from this doctrine of "no
exclusion on account of color," a practical illus-
tration of their fitness to rule in cars with white
people. I think such an example ought certainly
to influence the Senate to vote against any exclu-
sion on account of color.
Mr. W1LLEY. Is it in order to amend the
amendment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pomeroy
in the chair.) It is in order.
Mr. WILLEY. I do not know that what I
desire to propose is proper as an amendment to
the amendment or not. I propose to strike out
the proviso to that section as tt now stands en-
tirely. It reads:
Provided, That on Sundays the said company shall he
peiimUed to inn c.ns at the same intervals ot tune as pre-
scribed in the original law for the other days of the week.
If it is proper to move as an amendment to the
amendmentto strike out that proviso I will make
that motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
inform the Senator that that is not now in order,
as it is not properly an amendmentto the amend-
ment moved by the Senator from Massachusetts.
The question will first be taken on the amend-
ment moved by the Senator from Massachusetts,
after which the amendment suggested by the Sen-
ator will be in order as an independent proposi-
tion.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I suggest to the Chair
that the motion made by the Senator from West
Virginia is in order, but the vote would have to
be taken first on the amendment of the Senator
from Massachusetts and then on the motion to
stuke out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. As the amend-
ment suggested by the Senator from West Vir-
ginia does not affect in any way the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Massachusetts, the
question will first be taken on theamendmentpro-
posed by the Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I had occasion to express
my views on this subject to the Senate some time
ago, and 1 do not intend to allude to them again.
They are now legislating in respect to a corpora-
tion already in existence, that corporation having
constructed its work by the expenditure of its
money. There is reserved in the original act of
incorporation the right to amend, but of course
the results that were contemplated by that pro-
vision are such as will make the work a more
successful one and will not materially take av/uy
from the value of the property that has been in-
vested in it.
The Senator from Massachusetts says that this
provision is to be found in the charters of the other
two companies within this District, and therefore
we ought to make them all equal. When per-
sons took stock in the new companies they knew
of this provision and they_invested their money
with a view to it; but the men who have invested'
in this corporation and whose money is now in
the rails, cars, and horses did not do it with the
view and expectation of legislation on thepartof
Congress that would depreciate the value of the'
property. I think there is no question that this-
legislation will make this property of less value;
and I do not think it ought to be adopted upon
general principles. I do not think in amending-
a charter that we ought materially to depreciate
the investments men have made upon the faith of
former legislation.
Mr. SUMNER. I will simply remark that I
think the value of the stock cannot be affected at
all; but even suppose it were the fact, the Sen-
ator will see that it will only be on an equality
with the other roads.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am told that we have
clogged the other roads so that substantially the
persons who proposed to build them will not now
build them. That is the trouble with all these-
roads. It seems to me we ought to encourage the
building of as many roads in Washington as pos-
sible by granting them liberal charters. Every
one is willing to pay five cents to go anywhere-.
We ought to encourage them by liberal charters,
without inserting in them provisions that will ex-
cite public clamor or public hostility. This thing
of tinkering constantly with these little charters,
simply because somebody is dissatisfied and has
not had his way about it, is one of the most dis-
gusting kinds of legislation. Ifthe people who
have embarked in this enterprise make money out
of it they are entitled to it; if they suffer losses
we never pass appropriations to make them good;
and therefore when we pass a charter, although
we reserve the power to change it at our pleasure,
we do it for the public good. It is not for the
purpose of restraining them, limiting them, or
depriving them of that which they believe to be
their property, or of embarrassing them in their
operations, but simply that we may have it in
our power to control them, prevent them doing
any great public wrong. Therefore I am and
always have been opposed to any change or mod-
ification of charters unless a company attempts to
do that which is not fairly justified or within the
purview ofitspowers. 1 think,therefore,thatall
these provisions, especially the fourth section of
this bill, requiring a report upon thirty-one dif-
ferent items, and this amendment offered by the
Senator from Massachusetts, all tend to embar-
rass the owners of this property. I think the
amendment ought not to be adopted.
Mr. SUMNER. I agree substantially with
what the Senator has said; but he very aptly re-
marks that we are to consult the public good.
Now, I submit the public good is consulted by
removing all restrictions from the use of the road.
If the Senator wants more passengers why im-
pose a restriction?
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is the very question;
is there any restriction in the charter?
Mr. SUMNER. No; but practically they
make a restriction. We know that, for we have
had this question up before.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The company will not
make a restriction against their interest. That
is the question made by the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not know that. Human
prejudice is very powerful, the Senator knows
weil, and they act according to the prejudices of
this place. I do not wish, however, to be be-
trayed into any discussion on that question. It
is perfectly understood.
Mr. WILLEF. I shall vote against this amend-
ment, and I desire to state very succinctly the
grounds. This is a matter that we cannot regu-
late by law, practically. It is a matter to be reg-
ulated by the interests of the company, the con-
venience of the people, and especially the tastes
of the people.
But, sir, that is not the principal ground upon
which 1 shall vote against tins amendment. There
was an inquiry introduced in the earlier part of
the session on this very topic, and it was referred
to the Committee on the District of Columbia.
The committee after due deliberation reported
that the law us it now stands does not make any
distinction against persons on account of then-
color; that they have the same right under the
originaf charter of the company to go into any
