1180
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 18,
and it would not become a part of the Constitu-
tion under the next twelve or eighteen or perhaps
thirty-six months. In the mean time, what is to
become of the families of those soldiers who have
gone into your service, or who are anxious to go
into your service?
Mr, President, there is no measure before Con-
gress, there has been no measure before Congress,
there will be none before Congress at this session,
that more imperatively demands immediate atten-
tion than the bill now under consideration.
Mr. WILSON. I think the Senator from Ohio
is entirely mistaken in whathe saysof the second
section of the amendment 1 have offered. We
have provided, in the twenty-fourth section of the
enrollment act, for the appointment of commis-
sioners who are to assess the value of slaves who
shall enhst into the,military service.
Mr. SHERMAN. But there is a limit to the
price to be paid in that case, while there is no
limit here.
Mr. WILSON. Th« limit in that act is $300.*
Mr. SHERMAN. And that money is to be
paid outof a special fund, which is limited, while
this is to be paid out of any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. WILSON, it is to be paid out of money
that may he appropriated hereafter.
Mr. FESSkiNDEN. But of course we shall
be bound to pay the appraisement. We must
make the appropriation.
Mr. WILSON. In the first place you appoint
a commission to appraise the value, and they are
to report the appraisal, and then you are to ap-
propriate the money. You have got everything
in your own hands.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to ask the
Senator what sort of morality that is. He says
we can appoint a commission to establish what
the value is, and then pay that value or not, just
as we choose, afterwards.
Mr. WILSON. I did not say that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That \$ substantially
what the Senator said.
Mr. WILSON. I bog the Senator's pardon.
I said you had everything in your hands. You
appoint the commissioners who make the as-
sessments, and 1 apprehend the commission ap-
pointed will be disposed to do justice. 1 do not
suppose that in the present condition of the coun-
try the wives and children of the slaves who have
enlisted or may enlist are worth $100 on the aver-
age. 1 have consulted with gentlemen who arc
enlisting them, ami they do not believe the amount
to be awarded wili equal the amount that we are
paying for bounties. If it shall he the judgment
of the Senate to strike out that section, I shall not
object. I inserted it to meet the requirements
made when the bill was discussed some weeks
ago,and I desired to do what seemed to he liberal
to aid the practical working of the system. 1 have
read a letter from one of your piovost marshals
addressed to a member of the Senate, in which he
suys that there, are complaints from all parts of
the State of Missouri that slaves will not enlist
on account of abuses to their families. The pres-
ent condition of things discourages enlistments.
The information comes from all quarters that the
abuse and sale of families discourages enlistments.
Now, str, we want to encourage enlistments;
and if we do not pay more to obtain these colored
soldiers than we are paying for others, why should
we not encourage their enlistment? The States
are paying large bounties. The State of Mary-
land pays to a free colored man volunteering $300,
and the city of Baltimore pays $200, making $500
bounty. The Slate of Maiytand pays a portion
of the bounty it offers into the hands of the slave
himself, recognizing him as so much of a man;
and it is a very liberal policy, and is honorable !
to the State of Maryland.
The Senator from Ohio takes the position that
because there is a proposition pending to amend
the Constitution of the United States to abolish
slavery, weare to do nothing else against slavery.
Sir, I say it is sound policy to strike this system
of slavery whenever and wherever you can get
a blow at it. It is to perish, if it perishes at all,
by hedging it around by every enactment and
breaking down every barrier that surrounds it,
and defeating the three hundred thousand bayo-
nets behind which it is intrenched. The proposed
amendment to the Constitution may pass Con-
gress, or it limy not. If it shall not pass Con-
gress, then, according to this policy, nothing is
done. It may not be adopted by the State Legis-
latures, and I have no faith that it will be under
a year at least, and perhaps two years. It will
require the sanction of three fourths of the States;
and where can you count twenty-seven Legisla-
tures to-day that you have any security for?
What is your evidence that it will be passed
through the House of Representatives? I hope
it is to pass there; but if I take the record made
in that House this session T find no more devo-
tion to the idol that has been worshiped here for
thirty years than at this session. The record
made in this Congress and the words uttered here
for a system that has plunged the nation into the
fire and blood of civil war, that has murdered
two hundred thousand loyal men and bathed the
land in blood and tears will be read with amaze-
menWin the future. I say you have no security
unless you take occasion by the hand and make
the bounds of freedom wider yet, whenever the
opportunity is presented.
If the Senate desire to strike out the second sec-
tion and to pass the bill without it, let them do
so. Then we do not say that we will not pay;
and if we shall be called on hereafter to make
some compensation or ransom, I believe Con-
gress will deal justly.
When we authorized the enlistment of colored
men we voted that they and their wives and chil-
dren, if owned by rebels, should be free. I thought
the distinction wrong then, and I voted against
it._ [ thought it wrong to ask a man to leave the
wife and children that he loves and enroll his name
for the defense of this country, leaving that wife
and those children slaves; and we have got the
evidence now that they arc sold as slaves, or treated
with inhumanity.
Mr. CONNESS. If the Senator from Ohio will
withdraw his motion to postpone, I propose to
move to commit the hill to the committee on sla-
very and freedmon, with instructions to report a
lull upon this subject jit on early day. It is very
plain and palpable to my mind that this proposi-
tion is too important a one, too great a one, to be
considered without deliberation and without prep-
aration; and I hope the Senate will take the course
1 suggest, so that when the bill shall be reported
it will embrace such provisions as can command
the vote of the Senate.
Mr, SHERMAN, 1 have no objection to that.
I withdiuw my motion to postpone.
Mr. CONNESS. Then I make the motion. I
move thai the lull and all the amendments eon-
nected with it be committed to tiie select com-
mittee on slavery and fruodnien, with' instruc-
tions 
Mr. SHERMAN. I would suggest tii the
Senator not to move instructions. Let the com-
mittee act at, its own pleasure.
Mr. CONNESS. 1 received the suggestion of
the Senator from Missouri on that point. I said
to him th.it 110 instructions were needed, but he
thought it bettor to commit with instructions.
Mr. BROWN. \ do not desire to press the in-
structions; but 1 simply make it as a suggestion
to the committee that they act piomptiy in the
premises.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 have no objection to the
motion to commit; bull desire simply to state
that there is, as it seems to me, very much more
involved in the second section of the bill than the
Senator from Massachusetts is aware of. It af-
fects particularly the States of Maryland, Dela-
waie, Kentucky, and Missouri, which, are the
slave States repiesented ill Congress". There are
probably a thousand of these colored soldiers en-
listed in Delaware; six thousand in Maryland
enlisted and to be enlisted; m the State of Ken-
tucky ten thousand; and ten thousand in the State
of Missouri, making; in all twenty-seven thousand.
If we are to suppose that for each one of these
able-bodied coloiedmcn theie aie three other per-
sons standing to him m the relation of mother,
wife, and children, to be freed by the operation
of this section , it will free eighty-one thousand
persons. Some suggest that five would not be a
wrong proportion; hut if there are only tlnee such
persons for every slave enlisted, which is a low
estimate, the section affects eighty-one thousand;
and if you estimate them at the lowest figure,
^100 apiece, it involves the sum of $8,100",000;
and I do not suppose this provision'of the bill
has been really considered by any committee at
all. It has been an amendment offered by my
honorable friend from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wil-
son,] and certainly ought to be considered, and
considered very carefully, for it is a very import-
ant proposition.
Before I conclude there is one word I desire to
say by way of reply to my honorable friend from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner.] He seems to de-
nounce in advance the action of Congress upon
the subject of amending the Constitution of the
United States^by providing for the abolition of
slavery, for he says it will be but an attempt at
amending the Constitution. I take issue with the
Senator on that point.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator entirely misun-
derstands me. I am for the amendment to the
Constitution. I believe in it. I shall vote for it
whenever I can get an opportunity, and use any
little influence that I may possess to induce other
persons to vote for it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. And still the honorable
Senator says it will amount to but an attempt.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Senator's pardon.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. That was his language.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 said the proposition before
us now was but an attempt at an amendment of
the Constitution. Until it goes through all the
different stages, first of avoteoftwo thirds in this
body, then a vote of two thirds in the other body,
and then the votes of three fourths of the Legis-
latures, until the final consummation, it is noth-
ing but. an attempt. That is what I said.
• Mr. DOOLITTLE. I understand all that, and
when we have done all that the honorable Sena-
tor still says in effect it is to be but an attempt to
amend the Constitution, ill which attempt we shall
not succeed. There is the issue that I make with
him.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator makes an issue
with me 011 something which I have never said.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If lie now believes that
we shall succeed ill that attempt, very well, let
him say so. If he believes that we shall fail in it,
let him say frankly what he does think on that
question. I understood him most distinctly to say
that the whole transaction, going through the
forms of legislation here in this body and in the
other House, and submitting it to the Legislatures
of three fourths of the States, would result in but
an attempt to amend the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, and not in its accomplishment; and
certainly my honorable fiiend from Massachu-
setts [Mr.Wilson] repeated again and again that
we had no assurance that any such amendment of
the Constitution could be carried.
Mr. President, I do feel that we have an assur-
ance that tins amendment can be carried. I have
faith that it can be carried, and that it will be car-
ried; and with it and when it is carried, this
whole question of slavery will be settled beyond
the change of parties, beyond the change of Admin-
istrations, beyond the legislation of Congress, be-
yond the decrees of the Supreme Court to affect
it. It will be the final verdictof the people in their
sovereign capacity pronounced once and for all,
to exist now and forever.
Mr. President, I do not go into a proposition
with this halting kind of faith that expects to fail.
Sir, I would look carefully to the ground upon
which I plant my feet, and then I would know
" no such word as fail." The amendment to the
Constitution of the United States, which has been
reported by the Committee on the Judiciary to
this body, an amendment which was proposed by
the honorable Senator from Missouri not now iii
Ins seat, [Mr. Henderson,] coming from a late
stave State, but which is now undergoing the re-
eeueration which all these States are to undergo;
supported too in committee,£tmd I doubt not to be
supported in the Senate, by the able speeches and
the influence of the able Senator from Maryland,
[Mr. Johnson,] the representative of another of
the slave States of the Union; supported as itwill
be by the public judgmentof this country and by
the judgment of all parties in this country when
it eomes to be discussed—that amendment will
not be a mere attempt at a change of the Consti-
tution; it will be. a reality, and in that reality we
shall restore this country and the life of this coun-
try and its institutions.
Besides, Mr. President, I have some further
objections to the proposition which is now pend-
ing before the Senate being pressed 011 us at this
time without further consideration, [t only af-
