184
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 8,
PENNSYLVANIA CONTESTED-ELECTION CASE.
Mr. RANDALL, of Virginia, presented the
supplemental memorial of John Rime, contesting
the seat of Leonard Noyes, of Pennsylvania;
which was referred to the Committee of Elections.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. BLOW submitted the following resolution,
and demanded the previous question on its adop-
tion:
Resolved, That, for the purpose of paying proper tribute
to the memory of Old Hickory, the general who took the
responsibility of hanging spies under the" second section,"
and of suspending the habeas corpus in the hourof our coun-
try's pen!; the statesman who issued his pioclamation
against, the nuUifiers of South Caiolina, and who would
have hung the chief progenitor of rebels had he not been
prevented by the humanity of Henry Clay; who foresaw
that alter the struggle on the question of paying duties on
sugar the next pretext of the disunionists would be on the
question ofsdavcry; and who said, with peculiar emphasis,
that "the Union must be preserved," this House when it
adjourns will adjourn over the 8th of January to Monday
next.
Mr. COX. I move to amend so as to make
it Monday instead of Saturday.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. There is
an aspersion upon the memory of Henry Clay
which I hope to see stricken out before the reso-
lution is adopted.
Mr. COX. I want the adjournment over in
honor of Jackson without whereases and condi-
tions.
Mr. BLOW. I accepttheamendmentof Mon-
day as a modification of my resolution.
Mr, MARCY. I deny the rightof any one on
that side of the House to eulogize the memory of
Andrew Jackson.
Mr. ANCONA. I propose to debate the reso-
lution, and it must go over, under the rules.
The SPEAKER. That point comes too late.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the resolution was adopted.
And then, on motion of Mr. COFFROTH,the
House (at twenty minutes to four o'clock, p. m.)
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, January 8, 1864.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yes tei day was read and approved.
DISTRICT LAWS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate the report of Richard S. Coxe, commissioner
to revise the statutes of the District of Columbia,
made in pursuance of the act of Congress of March
3, 18G3; which was referred to the Committee on
the District of Columbia.
rimTlONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I present the petition of
A. S. E. Spring and others, citizens of Portland,
Maine, praying that the petition of the South
American Steamship Company, asking aid for the
purpose of establishing postal communication by
steam vessels with the countries ofSouth America,
may be gran ted. Ldonotknow whether that has
been presented or not.
Mr. HALE. I presented it yesterday, and it
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then I move that this be
referred to the Committee on Commeice.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY presented the petition of Dr.
Usher Parsons, and others, citizens of Provi-
dence, Rhode Island, praying for the organization
of a special ambulance corps of non-combatants
for the service of the Army; which was referred
to the Committee on MihtaryAffaits and the Mili-
tia.
Mr. FOSTER presented the memorial of C.
S. JBushnell, and others, citizens of New Haven,
Connecticut, praying that the petition of the South
American Steamship Company, asking for aid
to establish postal communication by steam ves-
sels with the countries of South America, may be
granted; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. DIXON presented the petition of Dr. Gur-
deti W. Russell and others, citizens of Hartford,
Connecticut, praying for a uniform ambulance
and hospital system for the armies of the United
States; whieh'was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia.
PAPERS "WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, it was
Ordered, That the petition and other papers of Thomas
Crown, praying to be allowed damages occasioned by the
abiogation of a contract made by him with Captain Bianey
to furnish bricks for the fortifications at Oak island, be
taken from the files of the Senate, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. NESMITH, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Mrs. A2a M. Roblas y
Robaldo, widow of F. Robaldo, praying to be paid for cer-
tain property destroyed by American troops in Mexico, by
order of their commanding officer, in the late war with
Mexico, be taken from the files of the Senate, and referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
REPORTS&FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was referred
the joint resolution (S. No. 2) expressive of the
thanks of Congress to Major General Nathaniel
P. Banks, and the officers and soldiers under his
command at Port Hudson, reported it without
amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom was
referred the joint resolution (S.No. 3) express-
ive of the thanks of Congress to Major General
Joseph Hooker and Major General George G.
Meade, and the officers and soldiers of the army
of the Potomac, reported it without amendment.
Mr. SPRAGUE, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairsand the Militia, to whom was referred
the joint resolution (S. No. 5) of thanks to Major
General Ambrose E. Burnside, and the officers
and men who have fought under his command,
reported it without amendment.
Mr. CLARK. I am directed by the Committee
on Claims, to whom was referred the petition of R.
G. Murphy for relief, to ask the Senate for power
to send for poisons and papers in that case. It is a
case involving a question of fraud, and it is ne-
cessary for the committee to have the persons and
some papers before them for a proper examina-
tion of the matter. Leave was given at the last
session for that purpose, but owing to the absence
in the Army of one person whom we desired to
have before us, it was thought best by the com-
mittee not to summon at that time. I move that
the committee have leave at this session.
The motion was agreed to.
RILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. GRIMES asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 40)
to define the pay of the officers of the Army of
the United States; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 41)
to promote enlistments in the Army of the United
States, and for other purposes; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia, and ordered to be
pi in ted.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent ob-
tained, leave to introducea bill (S. No. 42) repeal-
ing certain statutes of limitation; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on the
Judicial y, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. FOOT asked, and by unanimous conscnt
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 43)
relating to the office of Commissioner of Public
Buildings; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. MORRILL asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 44)
granting a pension to the widow of Major Gen-
eral II. G. Berry; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Air. NESMITH asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution
(S. No. 11) of thanks to Major General George
Ii. Thomas, and the officers and men who fought
under his command at the battle of Chickamauga;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr.MORRILL asked,and by unanimous con-
s'ent obtained,leave to introducea jointresolutiqn
(S. No. 12) requiring the President of the United
States to give the Government of Great Britain
the notice required for the termination of the reci-
procity treaty of the 5th of June, 1854; which was
road twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
THE NAVY DEPARTMENT.
Mr. HALE. I wish to present a resolution
and to ask for its immediate consideration, so far
as to allow me to make a statement explanatory
of it, and then, if there shall be any objection to
it, it can lie over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New Hampshire submits a resolution, which will
be read for the information of the body; and he
asks the unanimous consent of the Senate for its
consideration at the present time. It will be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on Navai Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the present condition of the Navy,
the efficiency of the steam-engines lately constructed and
now being constructed for the use ol' the Nuvy, the modo
and manner of procuring supplies for the Navy, and ilio
conduct of the Department generally; and that they have
power to send for persons and papers.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there any ob^
jection to the consideration of the resolution? The
Chair hears none.
Mr. HALE. I desire now simply to make an
explanation to the Senate of the reason why 1
introduce this resolution in this form. There has
been furnished to me, and it has been extensively
circulated in the newspapers, particularly of the
city of New York, the report of an argument
made in a case pending in the supreme court of
this District by Mr. Dickerson, a counselor of
some reputation in the city ofNewYork,in which
he gives facts, dates, and figures going to show
a total and entire misapprehension of what is due
to the Navy in the construction of its steam en-
gines, and represents the whole thing as an entire
failure. The paper not only does that, but it
represents that the vessels which have been con-
structed under this mode of engineering are a total
and lamentable failure, and that the $70,000,000
which have been and are now being expended are
worse than useless, as the Navy Department is
now administered.
There are also in the same paper statements that
would go to show corruption in some of the offi-
cers of the Department. It is a paper the import-
ance of which cannot be winked out of sight, and
I think it should be met. I should have been
glad if the Secretary of the Navy, or the actual
Secretary of the Navy, as he is called, had called
foran investigation himself. It has only been an-
swered by an anonymous communication, from
the Departmentas I have been informed, iri one of
the New York papers. 1 think the controversy is
one that concerns the country and the nation.
We are called upon to appropriate about one hun-
dred and seventy million dollars this year for the
Navy, and if anythingatall approximatingto the
truth is contained in this statement, it is a contro-
versy that goes above any personal controversy
between Mr. Isherwood and Mr. Dickerson, the
author of these papers.
So far as the proposed investigation is concerned,
I feel it my duty, occupying the place I do, to call
the attention of the Senate to it. When I have
done this, I will say further that I shall be exceed-
ingly grateful to the Senate if they will devolve
this inquiry on a selectcommittce. I have no dis-
position to take the matter into my own hands,
nor have I any wish to shrink from what I con-
ceive to be the proper discharge of my duties. 1
call the attention of the Senate to it. The atten-
tion of the country it will have, and it has had.
While I do not indorse one of these statements,
and know not whether they are true or not, I deem
it my duty to say that I believe, from the inter-
course I have had with men who are conversant
with this matter, that there is an utter feeling of
heart-sickness and despair at the prospects of the
Navy as it is at present conducted. Whether that
feeling is well founded or not, I do not know; but
I submit this resolution to the Senate. If there
is a single member who prefers that the investiga-
tion should be committed to a special committee,
he will do me the greatest favor to move it; but if
there is not, I leave this resolution for the Senate.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Iam not prepared to vote
in favor of this investigation at the present mo-
ment. 1 should like to have the resolution laid
over until I can inquire a little into the subject.
If it lies over until Monday, I shall have no ob-
jection to its coming up then.
Mr. HALE. I have not the sHghtestobjection,
sir. I have done my duty.
The VJCE PRESIDENT. The question is on
postponing the resolution until Monday next.
