1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
therefore, is entirely out of place. True it is that
in those old days we were offended, and it was
apart of the hardships to which we were exposed.
As in the days which preceded our Revolution
the British officers said they would cram the
stamps down the throats of the American people,
so in the same malignant spirit slavery was in
those days crammed down the throats of the Sen-
ate and of the country. There was nothing but
brutality then. Slavery is bad in all its features,
but one of its odious features is the revolting in-
sensibility to every sentiment of delicacy and hu-
manity which it created in its supporters.
But, sir, the Senator from Illinois knows very
well that it is in a very different spirit that prop-
ositions like the present are now brought for-
ward. It'is always in the interest of human rights;
and I need not say to that Senator, so far as I am
concerned, with no other purpose except that
which is apparent in the proposition itself; with
no idea of offending any human being; on the con-
trary, with a desire to avoid offense to every per-
son if I possibly can. Sir, it is in that spirit that
I wish to do my duty on this floor. I would
never give offense to any one here if I knew how
to avoid it, and I never would give offense to any
one abroad if I knew how to avoid it, while I
faithfully discharged my public duty.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 shall occupy but a mo-
ment. It will be observed that the Senator from
Massachusetts has not met the view which I sug-
gested. He does not profess to meet the point
of my statement, which was that his proposition
does not alter the law at all. He does not con-
tend that it alters the law, that the colored person
will have any right under his amendment if it
shall be adopted which he has not without that
amendment. But he says his amendments are
offered in the interests of freedom. Sir, I do not
pretend to impugn the Senator's motives. He is
zealous in the cause of freedom. He has reason
to be so. I am glad that he is so. It is a holy
cause; it is entitled to the zeal of us all. But even
i« a good cause, and in a holy cause, if you can
accomplish your object without doing anything
that shall excite the hostility or enmity of those
who disagree with you, that is surely the better
way to do it. Let us win if we can these devo-
tees of slavery. If there is a prejudice here in
regard to color let us not make angry those who
have that prejudice unless we can gain something
to freedom by it. That is the point. Inasmuch
as there is no restriction to be removed by the
amendment, no object to be accomplished by it,
inasmuch as the right of the colored person is the
same with or without it, I would not insist upon
it, and I shall therefore with the view which I
entertain vote against it for the reason that it is
wholly inoperative and does not alter in the least
the right of the colored person.
Mr. WILSON. I certainly have no objection
to the Senator from Illinois voting against this
amendment; but I do object to his argument made
in support of his vote. That Senator rises and
reminds the Senate of the manner in which the
slave-masters conducted themselves during the
years when they were pressing their aggressive
policy on the country, and he then turns round
and charges some of us with pursuing the same
offensive course. I do not like the comparison,
and I do not thank him for making it. It is a
strange thing to hear that Senator, i|i this Cham-
ber, make such an odious comparison. For thirty
years the legislation of the country was controlled
by the men who are now in rebellion, and by
woidand by deed they offended the sentiments of
our common humanity; and now the Senator from
Illinois rises in his place to-night and refers to
their words and their acts, and then makes a com-
parison—a comparison which, if there is any-
thing in it, is a censure of some of us who believe
it right always to protect and defend the helpless.
The Senator tells us that the colored people
have a legal right to ride in these cars now. We
know it; nobody doubts it; but this company
into which we breathed the breath of life outrages
the rights of twenty-five thousand colored people
in tins District in our presence in defiance of our
opinions. They may act according to theirpre-
judices; and I would not offend their prejudices
unless it were necessary to protect the rights of
others. I tell the Senator from Illinois that I
care far more for the rights of the humblest black
child that treads the soil of the District of Colum-
bia than I do for the prejudices of this corpora-
tion and its friends and patrons. The rights of
the humblest colored man in the capital of this
Christian nation are dearer to me than the com-
mendations or the thanks of all persons in the
city of Washington who sanction this violation
of the rights of a race. I give this vote not to
offend this corporation, not to offend anybody in
the District of Columbia, but to protect the rights
of the poorand the lowly, trodden under the heel
of power. In giving this vote I must confess that
I do not like to be compared to the bold, arro- 
gant, domineering slave-masters who ruled this
country for thirty years and are now endeavor-
ing to destroy it, men whose every voice and
every vote waseveragainsthuman rights, against
liberal legislation, and against their country.
I have seen the time, and so have y„ou, sir,
[Mr. Pomekoy in the chair,] for you were then
a citizen of my State, when railroad corporations
undertook to have what we called a Jim Crow
car, and to put colored men into it, and to ex-
clude them from riding in other cars. The
aroused and enlightened public sentiment of our
State righted that wrong. You and I, sir, have
seen the time when colored children were at-
tempted to be excluded from some of the com-
mon schools, where they had as much right by
law as your child or mine. They appealed to
the courts and appealed to the Legislature, and
the Legislature vindicated their rights, and those
rightsarenowacknowledged and undisputed. We
had to fight that battle, and we had the samecau-
tion then against encountering the prejudices of
certain persons. Sir, I do not desire to go against
prejudices; certainly 1 do not desire to do it when
I have to encounter the current of public senti-
ment as we have here in this case, and generally
have in the country on this and kindred ques-
tions, but rights are to be protected and defended.
I trust we shall protect lights, if we do it over
prejudices and over interests, until every man in
this country is fully protected in all the rights
that belong to beings made in the image of God.
Let the free man of this race be permitted to run
the race of life, to make of himself all that God
intended he should make when He breathed into
him the breath of life.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Wilson] has told us very truly of the
changes that have been going on in the condition
of colored persons in his own section of thecoun-
try and in others, so that they have finally got
that they are now permitted to enjoy the advant-
ages of education in common schools and to be
transported in railroad cars as white people are.
Now, Mr. President, so far as this railroad is
concerned that is now under consideration they
have all these advantages. It is not denied that
a colored man can ride m the cars; he has the
same legal right to ride in one of these cars in the
District of Columbia that he has to ride in a car
in Massachusetts. So says the chairman of our Ju-
diciary Committee, [Mr. Trumbull;] so says the
Senator frdm Maryland, [Mr. Johnson;] so says
the Senator from West Virginia, [Mr. Willey;]
such was the unanimous decision of the Commit-
tee on the District of Columbia. Now, what does
the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner]
propose to do? Reenact simply what is already
the law; what lie himself admits to be the law?
Mr. SUMNER. Which is drawn into doubt
by the conduct of the corporation.
Mr. GRIMES. Is drawn into doubt by the
conduct of nobody, so far as I know. 1 can tell
the Senator that I have seen colored men riding
in colored cars, and I have seen them riding in
cars devoted ostensibly to white people, and I
have ridden in each with them.
Mr. FOSTER. 1 rode up to-night beside a
black woman in a white car.
Mr. GRIMES. It depends very much on the
character of the conductors. I have been insulted
by some of these conductors myself. The com-
pany is unfortunate sometimes m selecting a brute
as a conductor, i^ut now I want to know this:
are \re, every time that there shall be a bill intro-
duced into the Senate in relation to the George-
town and Washington Railroad Company, to
have this amendment repeated, and must we re-
enact every session such a provision as this?
Mr. SUMNER. Justdoitnow. This is the
last one, as I understand. We have done it in
regard to the F street road; we have done it in
regard to the road between here-and Alexandria.
It only remains to do it on this line, and then'the
work will be finished. The Senator need not be
afraid; do not be anxious.
Mr. GRIMES. If it is here now, as it is ad*
mitted that it is, if such is the law to-night, what
is the necessity for repeating it? At the time we
passed the bill in relation to the Alexandria fail-
road and the P street road, it may have been im-
portant to include such a provision, because the
other provisions of those bills may not have en-
titled colored men to ride. I do not remember
at this moment what were the provisions of either
of-those bills, but it may be possible that in order
to confer this privilege oti colored people it was
necessary to adopt the amendment which the
Senator from Massachusetts proposed to those
bills. But the Senator does not claim that it is
necessary to do it now to give any legal validity
to the rights of colored men; and if it is neces-
sary to-day to repeat what is already in the law,
why will it not be necessary to do it every time
any bill shall come up in relation to this subject?
Mr. SUMNER. The simple answer to the
Senator is, that their rights now, in the absence
of any express provision, are merely a matter of
inference, a deduction from what I regard as un-
questionable principles of law; but it seems that
this corporation chooses to outrage the commu-
nity and the Senate, which has so often declared
its opinion on this question of law, by the exclu-
sion of colored persons. I know that there are
cars in which colored persons are admitted; and
the Senator from Connecticut announces that he
had the satisfaction of riding in one of them to-
night.
Mr. FOSTER. I did not gay the "satisfac-
tion." [Laughter.]
Mr. SUMNER. Very well, he did so; it was
in that way that he came to the Senate to-night.
But then one example does not prove a rule, the
Senator from Iowa knows very well; " one rose
does not make a summer;" and we all know that
there are cars from which they are excluded, and
the Senator must be too familiar with the feelings
and the sentiments of that oppressed race in this
District not to know that they feel it keenly. Sev-
eral of them have called upon me to explain the
grievance as they feel it. I have told them that
they might have a legal remedy; they have said
that it was vain for them to attempt to get it;
some of them had not the means to employ law-
yers; and the Senator knows very well that a
legal remedy is indefinitely postponed.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to have the Sen-
ator answer me one question. Suppose we pass
this amendment, and put it into the law, and the
company goes on and does exactly as it has
been doing', excluding these men, what are these
colored men going to do? Have they not got to
go to law then? Will they not be compelled to
enforce their rights in court? Will they not be
compelled to employ lawyers? If that be so,
what advantage will it be to them to adopt this
amendment under the present condition of things?
Mr. SUMNER. 1 will answer right there.
Because the company will not dare to continue
this outrage in the face and eyes of a positive
provision of statute. That is the answer.
Mr. GRIMES. It is just as positive now as
it will be after this amendment shall be adopted.
There ia not any man within the sound of my
voice who doubts the pcrfect right of these colored
men to ride in the cars. As to whether the com-
pany outrages the public sentiment of the people
of this District, that is a question about which
there probably would be a diversity of sentiment.
But so far as it affects the rights of the colored
men, everybody admits that there is no necessity
for any such provision. Now let me tell the Senate
how I think the colored men are more outraged
than in any other way; and that is by the interfer-
ence of white men with the cars devoted to the ex-
clusive use of colored people. I do not beiieve that
the colored people are desirous—I speak now of the
most intelligent and of the best of them—I do not
believe that at this time, situated as they are,
mixed upand mingled,as the most intelligent and
best educated and worthiest of them are, with the
contrabands an (J those who have recently been
freed, they think it is to their interest that they
should be indiscriminately permitted to ride m
these cars; but they should be permitted tooccupy
undisturbed the cars which the company have
