1182
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 18,
Sir, I regard this as a very different measure from
the one the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr.
Scmner] called up a while ago, the repeal of the
fugitive slave law. I am not aware that anybody-
is attempting now to recover a fugitive slave.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator is mistaken.
Mr. CLARK. I may be mistaken; bull cer-
tainly do not understand that any very serious or
numerous efforts are made in that direction.
Mr. STJMNER. Let me ask the Senator if
the fact that one human being can be carried off
into slavery under that statute is not sufficient
reason for us to try to save him.
Mr. CLARK. It might be a reason why we
should try to save him; but I do not understand
that even one is. But here is a very different
question. Here you desire to put soldiers in your
Army, and those soldiers have their wives and
their children. You are desirous of putting those
soldiers in the service at the earliest moment, and
the people who want to prevent those soldieis
from going into the Army take these very means
to torment the soldier so that he shall not go in.
He says to him in effect, " If you go into the ar-
mies of the United States and fight the battles of
the country, 1 will sell your wife, I will abuse
your children." That is very much worse than
the rendition of a fugitive slave, and an amend-
ment of the Constitution which would take place
months hence does not cure or remedy the evil.
Do you propose to stand here and let these wives
and children be abused three months, six mon ths,
or a year, until you can amend the Constitution
when you want the soldier to-day and to-mor
row? It is a matter that cannot be postponed in
the way the other can.
If anything is to be done with it it ought to be
done now, as soon as we can, after gravely con-
sidering the subject and determining how we can
best do so. It seems to me we can as well amend
the bill in the Senate as in any committee. The
Senator from Minnesota, if he chooses to prescn
an amendment, can bring up the whole matter
and the question of pay. I am not prepared to
say that I want to pay these owners; but I desire
that tile bill may be discussed.
Mr. DOOLl'l'TLE. I should like to ask my
honoYable friend from New Hampshire, as this
bill only affects loyal men, if he has any inform-
ation that loyal masters in any of these States
have abused these women and children.
Mr. WILSON. It affects all men, loyal or
disloyal.
Mr. DOOLITTLR. Hut the wives and chil-
dren of slaves belonging to disloyal masteis are
free now. It only has refeience to the wivesaml
children of slaves of loyal masters that are en-
listed. Is there any evidence before us that loyal
masters have sold or abused the wives and chil-
dren of those of their slaves that have enlisted in
the service of the United States.'
Mr. GRIMES. I will state to the Senator from
W isconsin 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Howe in
the cliait'.) The Senator fiom JNrew Hampshire
is entitled to the floor.
Mr. CLARK. My friend from Iowa is a very
good backer, and I have no objection to hearing
anything he may say.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 will state to the Senator from
Wisconsin that 1 have had letters from General
Pyle, who has had (barge of the recruitment of
colored men in Missouri, ami I have had letters
from the olllceis of the colored regiments being
recruited, m which they say that men professing
loyally, who have taken the oath of allegiance and
would be exempted under the amnesty of the
President, have committed the^e acts.
Mi. CLARK. We know that everywhere in
these loyal States theieare nienwhoaie in sym-
pathy with the rebellion. We know that men in
the loyal States are opposed to the negroes going
into the service. Many of those men—i will not
say all—would lie -willing to punish the negro if
lie went in, if they are in sympathy with tile re-
bellion, by the abuse of his wife and children.
They wish to deter him fiom going into the ser-
vice if they can, and tln-y say to him, " Not only
shall your wife' and children have no care, no
food, no piotection, but they shall be sold into
slavery; and when you return from lighting the
battles of the Union you shall iind your home des-
olate, your wife gone no one knows where in
slavery, and yotti children all sent away. ' Sir,
those instances, I have no doubt, are frequent.
They come to us from every quarter.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Not loyal men.
Mr. CLARK. Not loyal men, I admit; but
men wearing the guise and the garb of loyalty
with the heartof thedevil. Butwhatthen? Shall
we not protect these wives and children from those
fiends? Shall we call upon these husbands and
fathers to go and fight our battles and leave their
wives and children behind ? No. Sir, itdemands
our earliest consideration, now,and Iamforcon-
sidering it here in the Senate. If in any way we
can devise any means by which we can prevent
these things and protect these innocent and help-
less people we should do it. Congress owes it to
itself, to patriotism; nay, we owe it to the love of
country which we bear. I am against the recom-
mittal of this bill unless there is urgent business
pressing upon us which makes it necessary to
attend to that business and not to this.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 hope this bill will not be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. Not-
withstanding the ability which may be brought
to the consideration of the question raised in the
bill by that committee, I am by no means per-
suaded in my own mind that they will be able to
change a single vote or the opinion of a single
member of the Senate by any report which they
may make. I apprehend they will not.
The g'reat objection which seems to embarrass
some members of the Senate arises from what
they allege to be a want of power on the part of
Congress to enact a provision which shall eman-
cipate and set free the wives and children of the
slaves who maybe taken into the military service
of the United States as volunteers. ! confess, for
one, that 1 see no difficulty of this character. The
first question which arises is this: has the Gov-
ernment of the United States power to enlist per-
sons known as slaves into the military service?
1 apprehend that there can be but one answer to
that question. That they have the power is at-
tested by several acts of legislation during the ex-
istence of the next preceding and the present Con-
gress. They are persons, in contemplation of the
Constitution of I he United States, owing allegiance
to the United States in the same sense in which
white persons owe allegiance, and in none other,
1 apprehend; and the Government therefore have
a right to employ them in the military or naval
service. They have a right to enlist that class of
persons for the purpose of defending the Govern-
ment and in piosecutmg the pieuent civil war to
a successful issue.
If they have this right they also have the power
to piotfct this right and make the right efficient
and effectual; and if' it shall turn out to be the
fact, us is alleged here, and of which 1 have no
doubt, that there is great obstruction in the em-
ployment of this class of persons, great diflicul-
ties ami obstacles raised to their enlistment and
employment in the military service by persons
who claim to own tliern, in the foim of threats
held out to their wives and children of being sold
and removed from their homes, I have no doubt
that Congress has full authority to remove that
obstacle out of the way entirety of enlistments by
declaring that the wife and clnldien of the black
volunteer shall be held m law to be emancipate
and free. I repeat, if we have the power to en-
list, if it bo the right of C-ongiess to put this class
of persons into the military service, we have a
right to protect and guard that right in such man-
ner as to make the right effectual for the pui poses
for which we are attempting to use it.
There may be some difficulty in the apprehen-
sion of some gentlemen, perhaps, as to who can
claim to be tile wife or the child of a slave, inas-
much as the laws of the slaveholding States do not
recognize the relation of husband and wife, and
of parent and child,in that class. I know of no
other mode of solving this difficulty than this: that
that person shall be held to be the wife ot the slave
who recognizes the slave to be her husband and
whose husband recognizes the woman to be his
wife; adopting the same principle of the common
law that applies in other cases, a simple recogni-
tion of the relation of husband and wife and of
paient and child. 1 take it that that would be
sufficient; and inasmuch as there is a serious ob-
struction to the enlistment of black soldiers aris-
ing from difficulties thrown in the way by their
masters, 1 hold that we have the right and that,it
is.om-duty to remove that obstruction by declaring
that the wife and children shall be placed beyond
the reach and beyond the power of their tyrants,
thus enabling the United States to employ as many
of these persons as they may see fit.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, this ques-
tion and the questions connected with it have been
attended, so far as I am concerned in my consid-
eration of them, with very considerable embar-
rassment from the beginning. I have listened to
nearly all that has been said on the subject with
agood dealof attention in order to see if nay doubts
could be removed in any way, because I was anx-
ious they should be, and I am very glad to be able
to say that the view which was originally taken
of this matter of freeing the wife and children of
the conscript by the Senator from Ohio, [Mr.
Sherman,] in a speech made some time ago, and
the argument which has been urged this morning
by my friend from Michigan, have gone far to re-
move all my doubts on the subject.
Of course I never had any doubt that we could
avail ourselves of the services of every man in the
Republic, no matter what his condition, of whom
a soldier could be made; that slaves were subject
precisely to the same laws and could be used in
the same way as other persons. The idea that
in a country like ours a strong, able-bodied pop-
ulation, for the reason that it is held in a peculiar
manner, must be let alone and exempted from
military service, lias always been to my mind an
utterly preposterous idea. How far the idea of
property which is connected with that class of
persons might affect the legislation necessary to
carry it into effect is another question.
My doubt of course was, in the beginning,
whether in taking persons of this description and
insisting that they should render military service
we could go so far as to liberate other persona
connectcd with them. That was a very serious
difficulty. But, sir, I have been convinced by the
argument of the gentlemen to whom I have re-
fen cd that we can do anything that is necessary
to be done in order to accomplish the purpose that
we have in view, and which is not only a legal
but a necessary purpose—the salvation and perpet-
uation of the Republic. Consequently if you once
establish the fact that in order to effect that purpose
you must free certain individuals connected with
those whom you want to place in the military ser-
vice, I see no difficulty in arriving at the conclusion
that you have the right to do it; and of that fact,
Accoidtng to all the principles of legislation that
I have ever heard of with reference to such mat-
ters, Congress, the legislative power, must be the
judge in the first instance. We decide not only
upon the law which we are about to pass, but also
upon the fact and the necessity which excuses the
law.
I have no difficulty, therefore, in voting for the
.proposition contained in the first section of this
amendment, presuming or understanding the fact
to be that it is necessary in order to accomplish the
purpose we have in view; and of that every Sen-
ator must judge for himself,and I,among others,
must judge for myself.
I have had some difficulty, however, arising
from the argument that has been adduced that the
relations of husband and wife and parent and child
were not recognized among the class of persons
of whom we speak, because they could not le-
gally contract marriage under the laws of th£
slaveholding States. A little reflection, however,
will enable us to remove that difficulty; and the
argument has been alluded to by my friend frona
Michigan. In most of the "States, and m most
countries,a marriage absolutely solemnized in any
given form recognized by the parties to it, and
tecognized by those having a control over them,
may beamarriage to all intents and purposes,and
a legal marriage in its effects, although not strictly
according to the genera! laws of the State or coun-
try applicable to such subjects. The person sol-
emnizing the marriage may commit a crime or
misdemeanor, and be punished for it, if not solem-
nized according to the provisions of law or against
the provisions of law; and yet there are few States
in this Union, I presume, that hold that a mar-
rioge solemnized -and consummated is to be no
marriage simply because it is not according to the
legal form. That is not usually the case. Itmay
be so in some of the States for aught I know. I
am not familiar with the particulars of the laws
on that subject.
That being the case there cannot be much diffi-
