3184
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 21,
dedicated to their use, and that right they are not
permitted to enjoy which they ought to be per-
mitted to enjoy,and the company ought, I think,
to exclude entirely white people from these cars
and not force the colored people out of the cars
that are set apart for them.
Mr. SAULSBUR.Y. Mr. President, there is
nothing so important in legislation as symmetry.
I always like to see the symmetry of legislation
preserved. The other day there was a bill before
the Senate to establish a Freedmen's Bureau; I
offered an amendment to that bill, the words of
which were the words of the Constitution, which
is the charter of the liberties of the people of this
country. Objection was raised to my amendment
by those representing the majority in this body,
that it was simply a reaffirmance of that which
alreadyexistedintheConstitution, and they voted
it down because it was useless legislation. They
said that the people of this country had the right
already to be free in their persons and property,
and free from arrest without due process of law,
and that my amendment, therefore, was useless.
It was further said that if the President of the
United States, or those intrusted with the admin-
istration of affairs, violated those constitutional
rights now, they would violate them after we af-
firmed them by law. 1 asked the Senate, notwith-
standing that was true, to reaffirm them ; and I
find my own argument repeated here to-night. I
held then that if the Senate of the United States
affirmed them by act of Congress, it would be a
notification to (he President tlmt he must not in-
fract those rights in the future. It was all treated
as naught; my amendmentwasvoteddown. Now,
sir, let there be a little consistency in legislation.
We are told by the Senators who favor this amend-
ment to tins charter that the negroes have aright
to rule in tin; cars already, and yet some of them
say, •' Place it in the charter over again." " It
is there already," they say; but still they insist
that it shall go in the charter again; and wc shall
•see, 1 am apprehensive, a beautiful specimen of
consistency in this Chamber by voting down a
re-affirmance of the rights of white men and reaf-
firming in this charter what they say are the rights
of negroes. Poor, helpless, and despised inferior
race of white men, you have very little interest
311 tins Government; you are not worth consider-
ation in the legislation of the country; but let
your superior, Sambo's interests come in ques-
tion, and you will find the most tender solicitude
in his behalf. It is good sometimes to stir up
men's pure minds by way of remembrance; and
I have referred to the action of the Senate the
■other day in reference to my amendment which
■they voted down upon the very ground that the
rights which it sought to affirm were secured al-
ready by national charter, by the Constitution,
that they may see the consistency of their action
when they vote now to reaffirm what they say is
the right of the negro already. What a pity it
is there is not somebody to lampblack white men
so that their rights could be secured.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I did not desi gn to say
another word on tins question and would notex-
■cept for the fact that it seems to be assumed by
many Senators that it cannot be that a railroad
■company can make a regulation like that which
lias been adopted by thus corporation. I under-
stand this corporation to have decided, and car- I
lied out that decision, to provide cars for white I
persons and other earn for colored persons. I
understand Senators to say that a regulation of
that kind is not consistent with the charter; that
such a regulation cannot legally be made. In that
opinion 1 am unable toconeur. I think it is such
a regulation as a corporation may make, and I
think the power to make such a regulation lsvery
fullysustamed by numerous decisions of courts
of high respectability. How freight shall be
■cariied, how passengers shall be carried, upon
what terms, and in what cars, and upon what
trains, must be decided by the corporation itself. j
Of course the power to make these regulations is i
limited by the public interest; a corporation must j
make its police regulations in accordance with 1
what is fairly the public interest and the public I
wants. Tile courts of course would decide, when ;
any one regulation becomes involved, whether !
that regulation is fairly within the powers of the
corporation in view of the public interest. In
some localities I can conceive that a eolnp-ui'/ !
cannot well make aregulation of this sort: whcie i
there are but very few colored persons, never
enough to fill a car, it would be very difficult
there to make a regulation of the kind, assigning
some cars to colored persons and therestto white
persons; but in the city of Washington it is very
different; the negro population here is very large.
The negro population, contrabands and all, I sup-
pose is nearly as large now as the .white popula-
tion; and it is very convenient for the company to
provide a set of cars for the colored people and
another set of cars for the white people. Who
shall complain of this ? Let the cars that are given
to the colored people, as is now the regulation,
be exclusively for them without the right on the
part of the white people to crowd them out; and
on the other hand let the white people have then-
cars for their own exclusive accommodation.
Shall a white man or white lady complain that
they are not allowed to ride in the colored peo-
ple's cars, that they are not allowed to exclude the
colored people by crowding them from their own
cars? Everybody would say that a white per-
son would not make thatcomplaint. On theother
hand, then,shall the colored person complain that
he is not allowed to crowd white men and white
women out of the cars that according to a reason-
able regulation have been assigned to the white
people? I have no doubt that the courts would
hold that in the District of Columbia, in view of
the character of the population m this city, such
a regulation is a wise one and within the scope
of the power given to the corporation by the char-
ter. Is not this a good regulation for the colored
people? If there are cars given to the colored
people sufficient for their accommodation, they
ought to be content. None but an impudent ne-
gro, after that, would wish to crowd into the
white men's car. A sensitive negro, such as has
been described by the Senator from Massachu-
setts, well dressed and behavinghimselfwell, with
gentlemanly feelings, would want to be among
his own people, would not want to come into a
car where he was not desired. It seems to me
this regulation is a proper one and such as under
the law the corporation mightestablish. I do not
desire to occupy any time about this, but would
like to have a vote once more on it and see what
is the view of the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. The argument of the Senator
from Indiana is a complete answer to the Senator
from Illinois and to the Senator from Iowa. Both
of those Senators have very ably insisted that the
proposition now introduced is unnecessary. The
Senator from Indiana shows that in his opinion
it is necessary. According to his able statement,
in the absence of any such amendment as that 1
now propose the colored people here in Wash-
ington will have no right in the cars. That is
the argument of the able Senator from Indiana,
lie, in my opinion, is not correct in law; but
then I give it only as my opinion; other Senators
may give it as their opinion: the opinion of the
Senator from Indiana is entitled to as much con-
sideration as that of any of us; therefore there is
a doubt 011 the question; it is to meet that doubt
and to place the rights of these people beyond
all question that I make this proposition.
Mr. POWELL. I had not intended to say a
word upon this subject; but it strikes me that the
legislation now proposed is most singular. I do
not suppose there is a Senator in this Chamber
who does not know that persons without regard
to color have a legal right to ride in the coaches
of this railway company. Why then the neces-
sity of the amendment offered by the Senator
from Massachusetts ? He might just as well pro-
pose to put into the bill that persons shall not be
excluded because they are white, or because they
are yellow, because they are. Indians as because
they are black. I have listened to the Senator a
great deal oil this subject of the negro; and the
speech he has made to-night discloses to me one
fact, and that is that he is not so very specially
regardful of the interests of the poor negro, and
I will state the reason by and by why I think so.
I was about to remark theft the law as it now
stands provides for all classes of people; but I
agree with the Senator from Indiana that it is
within the power,and I believe it to be the duty,
of the managers of this railway to set apart cer-
tain cars lor the accommodation of certain classes
of people. For instance, I believe it would be
pet lecily legitimate foi tins railway company to
•><£ npatt and dedicate cc i tain cars for the use of
ladies, and gentlemen who escort ladies,and to keep
gentlemen who have no ladies in charge from
those cars. I think it would be perfectly proper
for them to set apart certain cars for colored per-
sons and keep white men from them. The com-
pany are not compelled to let every man ride in
every railway coach. All that the company as
common carriers by law are bound to do is to
furnish accommodations on their line to those
who present themselves as travelers. Every one
of us, I dare say, has often been met on attempt-
ing to entera particular coach on a railway train,
by some official who says "You cannot enter
here, sir, unless you have ladies in charge," and
if you have no ladies with you you are shown
into another coach. What man of sense ever
complained of that regulation? But gentlemen
say they have seen rowdies and ruffians, drunk-
ards and loafers inside of these cars, while a negro
was on the outside. The conductor of such a
car, if he had done his duty, should have put
such people out of the car. Drunken loafers
ought not to be permitted to ride in the cars where
orderly and sober well-behaved people are. Every
man is bound to behave himself when he enters
a public vehicle. I think it would be wise and
proper for this corporation to set apart cars for
different classes of persons. If they choose to do
it, I can see no harm in it to anybody, but it
would be really an accommodation for all. But,
sir, it is proposed to provide that they shall not
exclude a man from a car because he is black.
It would be just as sensible to put in an amend-
ment that there shall be no privileges denied to a
man because he is white, I think the remarks
which have been made by the Senator from Illinois
and the Senator from Iowa fully meet the case.
But, sir, the Senator from Massachusetts tells
us that his object is to prevent a down-trodden
race from being oppressed. I suppose every mail
in the Senate Chamber understands the motive of
the Senator from Massachusetts. He told us a
moment ago that some of these persons came to
him and advised him about this matter, and he
said to them that the couits were open, and they
told him they were too poor to prosecute lawsuits.
Now, sir, if the Senator is such a vehement friend
of this down-trodden race,as heisa lawyer, why
did he not undertake their case, and propose to
argue it for them before the courts? That would
have indicated that he really felt for the negro.
No, sir, he does not do that, but he comes here
and tries to put amendments on bills that e-ive the
negroes not a whit more privilege than they have
now. The Senator shows his devotion to this
down-trodden race here and only in words. Realiy
if a down-trodden man of my race came to me
with such a case and I had made half the clamor
for my race that the Senator has made for the
negro, I would have said to him, " My dear sir,
I will see that you have redress in the courts; mv
profession is that of the law; and without fee or
reward, except that consciousness which a man
always feels in rendering a good action, 1 will ad-
vocate your rights, I will prosecute your case."
If the Senator had done that he could have an ad-
judication of the courts on the question, which
would have settled the rigiit. He does not do
that, however, and he comes here with Ins amemi-
inen ts.
Sir, we here all understand this matter. We
are all politicians or have been. The Senators
staple is this fanatical idea. He wants this little
hobby to ride through Massachusetts on, and to
feed a fanatical flame there. He can fool nobody
here with tills kind of thing. Take the ne^ro out
of the Senator's vocabulary, and lich as it is it
would be exceedingly barren. Take that staple
from him and he would have nothing for the
next canvass. I hope he will retiie with the lau-
rels he has won in tins field. He has assisted bad
men in other quarters to bring about a revolution
that has drenched the whole land m blood, and
cloihed millions of our people in mourning. He
ought to be satisfied with the results of his labors
without still trying to fan the flame further.
When one of those down-trodden persons of
whom the Senator speaks with such sympathy
is encroached upon m his rights, let him tell him
that he will be his champion in the courts with-
out any reward if lie has not the means to pay.
That would look as if he was in earnest.
Suppose you put this amendment in the bill,
and a negro after that should be excluded; us the
