1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
137
may bo so, and the Senator may have educated
himself in the school of opposition, the fust prin-
ciple of which is to oppose everything and pro-
pose nothing;, and from long education in such a
school, he may have given way to a habit of
thoughtwhich leadshim to fault-finding and noth-
ing else.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It becomes the
duty of the Chair to interrupt the Senator. The
morning hour having expired, the unfinished
business of yesterday is now before the Senate.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have but a few words
more to say.
Mr. POWELL. 1 move that the unfinished
business be postponed. *
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I am willing to let the reg-
ular order of business come up, because then this
resolution will go over until Monday, and that is
what I want.
Mr. JOHNSON and others. Go on now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved that
the pending business before the Senate, being the
unfinished business of yesterday, be postponed
until to-morrow.
Mr. WILSON. Let it be postponed for a short
time, liable to be called up when this matter is
disposed of.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It can be post-
poned by the unanimous consent of the Senate
for the present. Is there any objection ? The
Chair hears none. The Senator from "Wisconsin
will proceed.
Mr, DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, I do not
stand hcie to say 
Mr. DAVIS. As the Senator from Wisconsin
has paused, with his courtesy I will make a re-
mark which I intended to make before, but
omitted to do, in relation to the remarks of the
honorable Senator from California.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the honorable Senator
from Kentucky will excuse me, I piefer to con-
clude my remarks, which will be very brief, rather
than to have a speech, addressed to the Senator
from California, interpolated in what I am about
to say.
Mr. DAVIS. Very well.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I was about to conclude
my remarks with one or two observations. 1 do
not undertake to say that there, have been no mis-
takes and no frauds practiced upon the Adminis-
tration of the Government during this war. Such
a state of things as a perfect administration of
Government never existed upon this earth since
any Government began. Wherever there has been
an expenditure of public moneys, there has al-
ways been more or less fiaud in that expenditure.
Where the caicass is, there the vultuics gather.
But, sir, if you compaie the administration of this
Government in the immense expenditures during
the course of this war—an expenditure to which
the Government was wholly unaccio-tonied, an
expenditure to which the officers themselves wote
unaccustomed, sometimes nut knowing even the
necessary cheeks and guards to prevent haudu-
lent transactions m the expenditures—if you com-
pare them with the expenditure of the public
moneys in England,m Fiance,and m Russia, in
the Cnmean war or in the Italian war, you will
find that the percentage of money which may
have been taken from the Treasury of the United
States impropeily,fraudulently, or wrongfully, is
not as great by one half as it is in cither of those
countries. The amount of money which has been
taken from the Treasury of the United States im-
properly during the expenditures of this war is
not as great per cent, as it has been under every
Administration of the Government fiom Us foun-
dation down to this very hour. Look at the
Flouda war; look at the Mexican war; look at
the expenditures under every Administration of
the Government, and you wiU find that upon the
amount expended more percentage has been plun-
dered from the Treasury during other Adminis-
tiaiions than during this Administration.
1 do not deny that these thingswi!! occur,and,
of necessity, do occur. It is impossible to pre-
vent some fraudulent contracts being made. There
may not be any fiauds committed by the officers
of the Government in giung the contiacts, but
frauds aie practiced upon the Government by com-
binations of bidders for these eontiacts. These,
oontiactois area great and powet fui body of men.
They know how to eneumvent the ofiieerx of the
Government, and tli- y : Miietuuc. uteeied. en,
you might just as well undertake to say that the
dead and wounded may lie on the field of battle,
and that the birds of prey, the vultures and car-
uon buds, will not come to that field, as to say
that we can have these great expenditures of pub-
lic money, and yet never have any fraudulent ex-
penditures. You might just as well undertake to
stop the war because you cannot drive off all the
birds of prey from the fields of battle, to arrest
the wheels of Government and undertake to stop
the expenditure of public money because these
thieves and plunderers will sometimes get their
hands into the Treasury.
I am willing to go as far as the Senator from
New Hampshire or the Senator from Kentucky,
or any other Senator on this floor, to expose and
to punish fraudulent transactions and fraudulent
expenditures, but at the same time as wise men,
knowing the history of the world and the history
of all public expenditures, we must accept as a
fact, as an evil which of necessity comes with these
expenditures, that some of them will be fraudu-
lent in spite of all that we can do. And yet we
must go on; we must continue these expenditures;
we must sustain the Government; we must fight
this war through; we cannot arrest it nor arrest
ourselves in the discharge of our duties by spend-
ing the whole of our time in decrying these fraudu-
lent expenditures when we should give our whole
heart and energy and will and purpose to the pros-
ecution of this war and to the putting down of
the rebellion.
Mr. President, I have said all and much more
than I intended to say on this subject.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Before the gentleman
closes his argument, I wish to ask him one ques-
tion. I do not intend to paiticipate m the debate
between him and the Senator from New Hamp-
shire touching the question whether there shall
bean investigation of the conduct of the Navy
Department, but I understood the Senator to say
that, in proportion to the amount expended, there
were larger frauds during the Mexican war than
during the present war. I desire to ask the Sen-
ator (inasmuch as of course he has investigated
that subject before venturing to make a compari-
son so very severe) what amount of fraudulent
expenditures he has found to have been made m
the Mexican war, and to what cases he referred?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. This whole debate lias
spiung up without any facts or papers being be-
fore us, except the yellow-covered pamphlet we
find on our tables. I am not prepared at this mo-
ment to state the precise tacts, but on some .sub-
sequent occasion I shall reply to the honorable
Senator.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will ask the Senator,
then, if he ean say in his place that he knows
that in nny purtieular instance there was a fraud
in the expenditure of the money for the prosecu-
tion of the war against Mexico?
Mr. GRIMES. I atn tolerably fresh from tin;
reading of a book by General Ripley, who has
been recently, if he is not at pies-ent, m command
of the lebel forces at Charleston, called the His-
tory of the War with Mexico. The Senator from
Indiana will lemember that he was an adherent
ofhis political party, and was an attache of Gen-
eral Pillow's staff. That book therefore maybe
considered as Democratic authority on a subject
of that kind. He was the principal witness against
General Scott in the celebiated Pillow court-mar-
tial. If the Senator will iefer to General Roswell
W. Ripley's history, he will learn something of
the frauds that were perpetrated in thecjuaitei-
master's depaitment in the city of New Oihuns
dining the Mexican war.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The rofetence the Sen-
ator from Iowa has made m refen ing me to a book
that has been published, hut \v Inch it has not been
my good fortune to read, does not meet the point
1 made to the Senator from Wisconsin. He has
ventured the averment, and it is a very seiious
one, because the country does not doubt the enor-
mity of the frauds perpetrated during this Ad-
ministration, that the Administration was guilty
of greatei fiauds, in pioportion to the amount
• expended, during the Mexican war than during
j Lhe yiesent war, and I wish 
| Mr. DOOLITTLE. Tlu- gon'lcman will allow
I me to eoiivet hnn entuely, if he is now stating
i what he undei stood me to ?uy. I did not say that
1 this Administia tion had been guilty of any lraud,
i Hoi thai the AdninujUutiuii in the Mexican vvai
had been guilty of any fraudulentexpenditure of
public money, but that moneys had been fraudu-
lently obtained by contractors, and perhaps by
collusion with some of the officers in some of the
Departments. I do not mean the heads of Depart-
ments or the heads of bureaus; but through the
assistance of officers in the Departments frauds
may have been perpetrated, and were perpetrated
—frauds by contractors upon theGovernment,in
the quartermaster's department, the commissary
department, and the various other departments.
I did not charge that the Administration had fraud-
ulently expended money, or that frauds came from
the Administration; nor do I admit that this Ad-
ministration has paid one dollar fraudulently in
any ease whatever; or that any head of any De-
partment in this Government has been guilty of
any such thing; nor do I admit it in any Depart-
ment of the Government.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not intend to dis-
cuss the question just suggested by the Senator,
but I wish to know of him whether he makes this
serious charge—for by making a comparison be-
tween any other Administration and this Admin-
istration he does make a serious charge against
that other Administration. I wish to know of the
Senator if he has investigated the subject so that
he can say, of his own investigation, that the
frauds perpetrated during the prosecution of the
Mexican war equaled the frauds during this war,
m proportion to the amount expended.
Mr. DAVIS. I rise merely to say a word. I
think the Senate are satisfied, from the point that
was between the honorable Senator from New
Hampshire and myself yesterday, that I made a
legitimate use of his speech. However, what-
ever may be the judgment of other gentlemen in
relation to that matter, it is my own judgment,
and that is sufficient for me.
I omitted to make a single remark in relation
to the definition of loyalty that was given by the
honorable Senator from California. He spoke of
loyalty, and of its being a very high phase of loy-
alty that every man should sustain all the officers
of the Government in the due and just adminis-
tration of their offices. I assent to the truth of
that principle with as much heartiness as the Sen-
ator from California, or any other gentleman. I
have endeavored to act upon it since I have been
a member of this body, and I intend so to con-
tinue to act. I will support, according to my
reason, every just and wise measure of this Ad-
ministration to carry on the war to a speedy and
successful close. I have done so,and I shall con-
tinue to do so. But there is a higher phase of loy-
alty than that which was so handsomely adverted
to and stated with so much distinctness by the
Senator from California, and it is this: whero a
Senator, where a private citizen, where any in-
dividual believes he discovers that the administra-
tion of the Government m any of Us departments
and especially in its executive department, is m
conflict with the Constitution of the country and
the liberties of the people, it is a higher phase of
loyalty to oppose that aggression of the President
and of his Administration upon the Constitution
and the rights guarantied to the freemen of the
United States, than it is even to approve of his
measures where they arc right.
The gentleman gave his assent, while I was up
befoie, to the position of free investigation that I
claimed for myself. I make my acknowledgments
to him for the frankness of that concession, arid
any remarks that I made thai weie harsh in their
chasacter, were intended to refer only to those men
in the Senate, or out of the Senate, who attempted
to restrict that perfect freedom of invest! gat ion and
of debate,and therefore will not apply to the Sen-
ator.
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President, I did not feel
that a remaik made by the honorable Senator from
Kentucky, [Mr. Davis,] which sounded rather
harsh and inappropriate here, applied to me at
all. The Senator says that he did not intend it;
and if he had intended it, I could not have felt that
it applied to any Senator here. I believe the re-
maik had reference to his description of Ins former
glory and ins present degradation, in having once
beaid the mar of the lion of the political forest,
and now being compelled to listen to jackal.?. I
think that was the iiguie.
Mr. DAVIS. I accept the Senator's interpre-
tation.
Mi CONNESS. I ..sympathize with and com-
