1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
culty, I apprehend, in arriving at the fact, hav-
ing a proper tnbunalto try it, who is recognized
as the wife ofthe individual in question, and who
are recognized as the children of the individual in
question. Take a plantation. If with or with-
out (but I will say with, because it is usually
with) the consent of the master a man and woman
have lived together as man and wife, and have
beeu recognized by the master and by each other
as man and wife, and children have been born to
them, there will he very little difficulty in ascer-
taining' that fact. At any rate we should recog-
nize that as a relation. It might be difficult to
ascertain in some cases whether it was so or not;
but I appiehend there would be very little diffi-
culty about it.
It strikes me, however, that there should bo
some provision in the law itself by which the fact
could be ascertained. Thisproposition stops here,
by simply saying (hat the wife and children of the
person thus taken into the service shall be free;
but there is no provision by which that can be
ascertained in any way. I suggest to the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts whether in the law
itself there ought not to be some provision to that
effect one way or another. Otherwise it leaves
room for innumerable and boundlessdisputes and
questions which may have to bo settled afterwards.
I thought it proper to say thus much with ref-
erence to my own opinion on the subjectand the
change which my general opinions have under-
gone, or rather the mode in whi<;h my doubts on
the subject have been measuiably and perhaps
fully removed.
But there is another question connected with
this subject, and that is the question of compen-
sation. Gentlemen seem to think that no law
would be constitutional unless we provide in the
law itself a mode of compensation for the prop-
erty taken, if you recognize it as property. I do
not so understand it. A Government in its ne-
cessity may take property if it needs it forpublic
uses. The moral and legal and constitutional ob-
ligation rests upon it at the same time, taking
property in its general sense, to provide compen-
sation for the property thus taken; but it need
not be done at the time that it is taken, and, in
point of fact, it very seldom is. Much that is
taken not under any law, but in the course of war-
fare and the necessities of warfare, is very seldom,
haidly ever, perhaps never,yon may say,unless
in the case of legislation, provided for at the time.
The property is taken, the fact is established after-
wards, if you please, and compensation is pro-
vided afterwards. Therefore, it may be, in my
judgment, perfectly proper and peifectly legal to
say that property, if it is recognized as such, may
be taken, and yet you may leave the question of
compensation open. There is no such thing as
a suit against the Government. There is no such
thing as a mode of compelling the Government to
pay under our system and others, ours paitieu-
larly. It is an obligation which it is presumed
the Government will perform, and perfiutn m its
own way, ill its own good time, in a just time,
when it gets the proper information necessary to
act upon.
I am opposed, therefore, in this bill, to provid-
ing compensation at all, or any piovision with
legard to it. I wish to leave that question open.
1 wish to leave it open for several reasons, not
only in this bill but in many other bills that it
may be necessary for us to pass. We cannot, as
we go along, provide compensation for everything
at the present time. We have not a sufficient ac-
quaintance with the facts. We have 110 mode of
providing proper tribunals, in my judgment,
which can, upon a sufficient knowledge of the
fuels, settle all these questions of value. They
aie most uncertain at the present tune, and they
must necessarily re main uncertain. We cannot
tell what a day or an hour may bring forth. One
of these women, if you please, regarding her as
propei ty, may to-day be considered worth so
much, and te-morrow, especially in times like
these, she may be worth vastly less or nothing at
all; and yet we undertake to provide beforehand
with reference to the very question of compensa-
tion, to make a burden upon our Treasury at a
tune when it is least able to meet it.
Mr.'JOUNSON. The value to be ascertained
at the time of the public appropriation.
Mr. FESSENDEN: Yes, sir; and yet the facts
existing at that very time may not be all known.
Mr. JOHNSON. That is another question.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is'what I say; and
you cannot, until the condition of tlie country be-
comes more settled than it is now, arrive at any
accurate knowledge of the facts that will enable
you to fix this compensation.
Sir, we always go to the maximum in most
things, and in this as well as others, when we pro-
vide any fixed sum for anything. The enrollment
bill provided for the payment of $100 in one case
and p00 in another, and it may be presumed that
it will go to that amount if you get an able-bodied
man; and yet I suppose in the State of Maryland
at the present time, if you were to pay $S00 for
an able-bodied slave you would pay twice as
much as he is worth.
Mr. JOHNSON. No doubt of it.
Mr. FESSFjNDEN. Not at all; and yetgen-
tlemen will insist on fixing these sums, and these
sums arc probably what we shall be obliged to
pay under any commission that may be appom ted.
Therefore I say that now in the present state of
things in this country, with our ignorance neces-
sarily of what a day or an hour may bring forth
with reference to the value of this property, if you
call it property, or any other, and with the bur-
dens that are already on our Treasury from day
to day that we must meet, and not knowing in
fact what we have got to meet and what the ex-
tent of those burdens may be, I am opposed en-
tirely to making any definite provision with regard
to the ascertainment and payment at the present
time at the Treasury of indefinite sums, when we
can not tell by any possibility what we are to meet.
The very illustration and calculation made by the
Senator from Wisconsin showed that you do not
know and cannot know or infer what you are to
do. All questions of this kind must necessarily
be settled deliberately, when the condition of the
country is such that you can ascertain the facts
and know what their precise value is at the time
taken. You may take a slave to-day, and I defy
any man to tell what he is worth in the present
state of things m the country; and yet if you un-
dertake to do the thing to-day you must do it on
some basis or other, and are quite as likely to as-
sume, in ignorance of any other, the very highest
mark that'is given in order to reach that value.
Sir, it is bad-policy in any point of view. In
the first place, we are assuming to settle certain
questions. We settle here off-hand upon the ab-
stract question of property, which, permit me to
say, I am not prepared to settle, although I have
been obliged to vote upon it *111 some cases and to
vote with the best light I had. You must then
settle to-day in the hurry of this legislation the
value of the property, and you must settle an-
other thing, as you do in all these questions, when
you pass these bills: we have got to meet them
at the Treasury, burdened as it is at the present
moment.
My honorable friend from Massachusetts [Mr.
Wilsox] occasionally favors us with a speech on
finance; and the burden of his speech always is
that the quesuou of money lies at the very found-
ation of this war; and yet when an idea of this
sort is stai ted he seems to forget there is any
money in it or that there is to be any limit, and
he cares not for the limit. At any rate, lie does
not seem to know what llifc limit is, or to inquire,
or to provide any mode by which it is really to
be ascertained on any correct principle. I want
to hold him to one thing or another. His finan-
cial ideas are correct so far as I can judge with
reference to what lies at the foundation of all, and
the necessity of great economy. The question
of economy mustentei into everything, this ques-
tion as well as others, in so far as it does not check
the exercise o'f a pioper humanity and the doing
of tiiat which is necessary to be done before the
country and before God,in order to justify our-
selves to the world and to the Ruler of the uni-
verse; shoit of that we must look into the ques-
tion of money on all matters that arise.
Allow me to say, sir, that I am not quite pre-
paied to yield all the force which other gentlemen
do when they talk about pledges that have been
given with reference to paying for property of
this desciiption. I remember that there was a
message sent to us by the President of the United
States not very long ago in which lie recommended
the passage of some resolution or other I forget
precisely the shape it assumed declaring that if
certain States owning slaves would emancipate
their slaves die Xfni ted States ought to make com-
pensation. "We passed that, t think, in,shape
of a resolution. I remember sayiijg at the time
that I acceded to that. I' was willing to. pass a,
resolution that the United States ought tp moke
compensation. I did not believe at that time,that
Congress had any power to emancipate slafes
under any general power in the Constitution dis-
connected with the necessary exercise of What are
called the -war powers, according to ©«r usual
mode of speech, unless authority should be,gWefi
them by those who framed the Consiitution or
those who had a right to amend it should confer
the power. 1 said I would vote for it in the care-
ful terms in which it was-worded. Put, sir, t re-
served to myself the consideration of the question
what that compensation was to bo, how far any
compensation was due or might be due with ref-
erence to all those matters. I said I was not pre-
pared to start off in the beginning and say that
.Congress had taken that burden on themselves,
and to have it thrown in my face every time a
proposition of this sort or anything connected
with this subject or one implying compensation
was under consideration, that I was bound to talte
it on the instant, ahd not with reference to ques-
tions of that description, but upon questions of
far different description where we were exercising
an unquestioned power. I wish to reiterate the
caveat that I then entered with regard to my own
action if I live and am in public life at the time
action is called for on any qmestion of that de-
scription. I say, therefore, tnat while I believe
this particular section should be so amended as to
provide some proper mode of ascertaining the fact
with reference to the domestic relations of the per-
sons described in it——
Mr. BROWN. If the Senator will permit me
for a moment, I will suggest whether that cannot
be as well made a matter of regulation under the
Department; whether it would not be betted that
it should be made a matter of regulation under
the Department; because we have now a large
branch of the service which is devoted to the su-
pervision of colored recruits and of their affairs;
provost marslj^ls dealing with them, provost mar-
shals recruiting them, who are perfectly compe-
tent at the time these soldiers are recruited to
take the evidence, and determine also the fact as
to their families, their wives, and their children.
I suggest whether it would not ,be' simpler and
better to remit that matter to the War Office than
to undertake to regulate it by specific laws here?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have not a very un-
questioning and illimitable faith in the capacity
and wisdom of all persons employed as provost
marshals under the Government. I have seen some
specimens that did not impress me so strongly as
they might. I do not, however, deny but it may
be possible and perhaps not*difficult for the War
Department to frame the proper regulations for
ascertaining the factj-but I will say to the hon-
orable Senator that it is not customary to leave
questions of that sort, which are properly ques-
tions of legislation, to the Executive Departments.
Usually, in passing laws upon such subjects,
where wc find that a matter needs regulation and
it is not a mere matter of detail, but a matter of
judgment and principle, Congress fixes the prin-
ciples upon which the action is to be predicated.
Mr. BROWN. I will ask the Senator whether
that is not already left as a matter of regulation
to the War Department in regard to the wives
and children of persons claimed by disloyal per-
sons?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know precisely
the terms of the act. I do not recollect.
Mr. BROWN. My impression is that that is
the case.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not remember the
exact terms of the act on that subject. It strikes
me we shall have to make appropriations on that
subject, and it must come before us in some meas-
ure.
I am not very strenuous about it. I shall vote
for this proposition dissevered from the question
of compensation, let it stand as it may; but I sug-
gest to my honorable friend from Massachusetts
and I suggest to the Senate that in my judgment
it would be very much wiser to take a little time
to deliberate on this subject, and provide specific-
ally the principles upon which thequestion of this
domestic relationship shall be determined; be-
cause I think it ought to.be done. It is unsafe
