1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2159
exorcise the elective franchise, and if any person
took that oath the law did not vest in any indi-
vidual the right to deprive him of his privilege
as a citizen to cast his ballot. The law did not
vest that power many " enrolled militia" of the
State, or in any*Dr. Hughes, or any other indi-
vidual in Missouri. The law had provided a
proper legal tribunal amenable to the law for the
proper discharge of theirduty. Ifthatduty was
not piopeily discharged, if people who ought not
to have voted were permitted by them to vote, or
if persons entitled to vote were deprived of that
right, they violated the law, and could be pun-
ished.
Now I desire to say to the House that these
scandalous interferences with elections, m these
times, ought not to be countenanccd, but ought
to be discountenanced. If the action of the en-
rolled militia of Missouri upon tins occasion is
countenanced by this House, blood will be shed
at every poll in that State at the next election,
because the House will thus declare to that peo-
ple (hat an election carried by force and intimi-
dation is legal and will meet with the approval of
Congress. If this House is to commit any error
upon this subject, that error should be in nulli-
fying rather than sustaining an election which
comes here covered, as this does, with evidence
of improper interference and of direct violence
and force.
Mr. UPSON. Mr. Speaker, m the present
situation of our country the principles involved
in this contested election assume an interest and
importance far exceeding that of ordinary elec-
tion contests. It is of the highest concern to loyal
citizens in the border States to know whether in
these times of civil commotion and rebellion,
while civil war is raging in our country and trea-
son is lurking m their midst, they can be allowed
to provide for the safe and secure exercise of the
elective franchise; whether they can be permitted
under the authority of either the national orState
government to protect themselves at the polls
from rebel attack, intrusion,interference, ormis-
cegcnation, or whether they are to be compelled
to place themselves wholly at the mercy or for-
bearance of disloyal men, and to allow rebels and
rebel sympathizers who have hitherto failed to
overcome them by a resort to the cartridge-box
to take possession and control of the ballot-box,
and either by violence prevent the holding of an
election or by an unlawful and arbitrary or fraud-
ulent exercise of the elective franchise make the
elections subservient to the pui poses of the re-
bellion.
A further interest attaches to this case from the
fact that similar principles are more or less in-
volved in the decision of several other contested-
election cases, not only in Missouri, but in other
of the border States, modified in each instance by
thepeculiarfacts inevidence, and hence the decis-
ion airived at in the caseundei consideration be-
comes as a precedent a matter of still greater prac-
tical importance.
A rebel or a rebel sympathizer at the polls may
be more dangerous than in the ranks of the enemy,
and the existence of the Government should not
be permitted to be imperiled by allowing him
either by violence or by fraud to defeat an elec-
tion or to participate during the continuance of
this rebellion in the exercise of the elective fran-
chise, nor should his vehement outciies against
the presence of a loyal mihtar^guard at the polls
entitle him to be considered either as a suffering
martyr or as a sincere advocate for the freedom
and purity of the ballot-box.
In this contested case of Bruce rs. Loan, from
the seventh district of Missouri, five members
of the Committee of Elections, being a majority
thereof, have in their repoit come to the conclu-
sion that neither the contestant nor the sitting mem-
ber is entitled to a seat in this House, and conse-
quently that it must be referred back again to the
people to hold a new election. The minority of
the committee, however, consisting of four mem-
bers, insist that a valid choice has been made,
and that the sitting member is entitled to retain
his seat. In this connection it may be proper to
refer to the rule heretofore laid down in 1826 by
the Committee of Elections in the case ftf liiddle
and Richard us. Wing, (CI. and Hall, 506,) which
report was subsequently acquiesced in by the
House. It is as follows:
" In all ca>es of euiue.sted elections wheie the question
depends upon matters of fact which mo controverted by
the parties much difficulty is to be expected in coming to a
decision; and, where theie in room for doubts, a deposi-
tion is olten felt to ictuin it to the people.
"This-, however, ought not to he done when it Is possible
to ascertain what the true result has been. The elective
privilege is a veiy important one, and ought to be held m
the highest estimation.
"When a people, in the exercise of their constitutional
rights, have gone through with the piocess of an election
nccoiding to the prescribed rules, they ought not to be de-
prived of the advantages accruing therefrom but for the
most substantial reasons. No doubts which are capable.of
being solved ought to be permitted tooperate-againstthem.
Indeed, nothing short of the impossibility of ascertaining
for whom the majority of votes has been given ought to
vacate an election; more especially if, by such decision,
the people must on account of their distant and dispersed
situation necessarily be unrepresented for a long period of
time."
This reasoning is as cogent and forcible now as
it was then, and I have found in investigating the
evidence in this case no good or sufficient reason
for vacating the election, and am satisfied that a
valid choice has been made.
The condition of Missouri and the events trans-
piring there since the breaking out of the rebel-
lion forrnapart of the history of the country and
of the wa^fand this House will take notice thereof
without further reference to the particulars. We
merely mention in passing that the Missouri
State convention in providing for the holding of
the election in question, conscious of the presence
of disloyal men in the State, prescribed by ordi-
nance, June 10, 1862, an oath to be taken by all
voters before they should be allowed to vote, and
among other things required the voter to swear
therein that since the 17th day of December, 1861,
he had not willfully taken up arms or levied war
against the United States or against the provis-
ional government of the State of Missouri. By
General Orde.r No. 24, issued by General Schofield
August 4,1862, which the report of the majority
of the committee fails to notice, all the loyal men
of Missouri subject to military duty were re-
quired to be organized into companies, regiments,
and brigades, and all disloyal men and those who
had at any time been rebel sympathizers were or-
dered to report themselves and be enrolled as such
and to surrender their arms, and were to be per-
mitted to remain at home so long as they should
quietly attend to their ordinary and legitimate
business and not in any way give aid or comfort
to the enemy, and were not to be organized into
companies nor required or permitted to do duty
m the Missouri militia.
This Order No. 24 should be carefully borne in
mind, as it is frequently alluded to in the testi-
mony. The burden of the allegation in contest-
ant's notice in this case is the alleged violent in-
teiferencc with and intimidation of voters at the
polls by the Missouri State militia, preventing
voters, as contestant claims, from voting for him
who would have voted for him but for such in-
terference or intimidation, and some eight coun-
ties are specified in which such interference and
intimidation are charged to have taken place, but
no names are given of persons so interfering or
interfered with or intimidated, and no election
precincts are named wheie such interference is
claimed to have taken place.
It is not claimed by the contestant that he re-
ceived a majority or a plurality of the votes act-
ually cast at said election, but he avers or insists
that he would have received a majority or plu-
rality of the said votes had not his friends been
thus interfered with, intimidated, and prevented
from voting.
A like allegation or claim was set up in the case
of Biddlc and Richard vs. Wing, heretofore re-
ferred to, and it was met and answered by the
committee in their icport, as follows:
"The committee are of opinion lhat the duty assigned
to them dopv not impose on them an examination of the
cause.* which may have pieveuted any candidate fioin
getting a t-uihcient number oi votes to entitle him to the
seat. They consider that it i^ only required of them toaa-
ceitaiii who had the gieateMnumberot legal votes actually
given at the election. An election is the act of selecting,
on the pait of the electors, <t person for an ollice of trust.
The m-pcctoi^ of election me constituted judges of the
qualifications of the eleetois, and evciei&e from necessity
a dii-cretionary power, it they err and i eject a legal vote,
or an elector iiom any causae should fail in presenting hts 
vote tor their leecpuou, the nature of the case precludes it
fiom entmng into the consideration of the geneial lesulf
of the election, unless indeed coirupuon should appear
sufficient to destroy all confidence in the purity and ian-
nesti of tlie whole pioceedmg. It is properly a question
between these officers and the injured party; and the laws
of the Teiritory in this ca&c make ample provision for
guarding the purity of the election, and for the punishment
of offenses against, the rights of the citizen in that respect.
In case of the application of the-contrary doctiinc the greats '
est uncertainty mu*t necessarily prevail; and should It be
established, it would be placing in the hands df a few Riot-
ous individuals the power of defeating any election what-
ever.
" The law appoints a.parti.cular time and place for the
expression of the public voice; when thatttmo is p&stkls
too late to inquire who did not vote, or tho reason why.
"The only question now to b« determined is for wJrora
the greatest number of the legal votes have been given.**,
In the investigation of contested-election cases
in England, before a parliamentary committee,
when riotous interference or violence is alleged
as a ground for setting aside or invalidating the
election, the practice requires rigorous proof that
the result of the election has, been affected by
riotous interruption or obstruction; and also
when restraint or intimidation is set up, proof is
required that an organized system of unlawful re-
straint or intimidation existed or was acted upon
at the polls to prevent the freedom of election and
to secure the defeat of the contestant.
Such a state of facts will hardly be claimed to
be shown by the testimony taken in this case,
nor is there any such rigorous proof of riotous or
violent interference affecting the result of the elec-
tion.
It has also been determined in the following
contested-election cases, namely, Van Rensselaer
vs. Van Allen, Lyman vs. Smith, Randolph vs.
Jennings, and Bassett vs. Bayley, (CI. and Hall,
73, 101, 240, and 254,) that where irregularities
or illegalities were shown in the election in parts
of a district affecting the votes cast, if it did not
appear that a sufficient number were affected so
as to change the result, the election would notbe
set aside, but the candidate who was shown to
have received the majority or the greatest num-
ber of the legal votes would be held to have been
elected.
Keeping in view these principles as applied to
the investigation of contested elections, and also
bearing in mind the allegations in contestant's no-
tice in this case, let us proceed to the considera-
tion of the facts which appear therein.
It is shown by the official returns that at the
election in this seventh congressional district of
Missouri, held on the 4th day of .November, 1862,
the whole number of votes cast was 13,803, of
which Benjamin F. Loan, the sitting member, re-
ceived 6,582; John P. Bruce, the contestant, re-
ceived 4,554; and H. B. Branch received 2,665;
one vote being given for S. A. Richardson, and
one for R. M. Stewart. It thus appears thatthe
majority or plurality of Loan the sitting member
over Bruce the contestant is 2,028.
The seventh congressional district of Missouri
is composed of the counties of Buchanan, Andrew
Holt, Atchison,Nodaway, Worth,Gentry,Har-
rison, Mercer, Grundy, Putnam, Sullivan, Liv-
ingston, Daviess, and De Kalb, being in all fifteen
counties, and the contestant whilealleging in his
notice interference and intimidation in only eight
of these fifteen counties does not claim to have of-
fered any evidence as to the election in but five of
them, namely,Atchison,Livingston, Andrew,De
Kalb, and Buchanan, and in most of these coun-
ties evidence only as to one election precinct.
As to ten of the counties in the district, there-
fore, no attempt is made to impeach the election,
while as to the other five counties, with one slight
exception, only one township in cach is in reality
referred to or in the least affected by the so-called
testimony offered by the contestant.
This factof itself is sufficient to show the weak-
ness and insufficiency of contestant's testimony,
and to authorize us at the outset to insist that the
evidence is too restricted in its scope, in the ground
it professes or attempts to cover, to enable the
contestant to support his allegations, and thut,
even if he should succeed in showing interfer-
ence or intimidation in all of those townships, it
could not by possibility have changed the result.
But it remains to be seen whether he has sustained
his allegations in any one or more of these town-
ships.
But one witness testifies as to the election in
Atchison county, and this one only as to the Rock-
port prccinct. He saw a guard of militia at the
court-house, but did notgoinor attempt to go in
and vote, and consequently knew nothing of the
manner in which the election was actually con-
ducted; yet he goes on to relate what various in-
dividuals with whom he conversed said to hitn.
