3138
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 21.
with, the Senator from Iowa, (although lam per-
haps just as much religiously inclined as he is,)
I confess that I do not believe—and I hope that
my want of belief is justifiable—there is any
scriptural injunction which compels the laboring
man, who sweats his twelve or fourteen hours a
day at hard work to support his wife and his
children, from being with his wife and his chil-
dren permitted to go out where he can breathe the
free and wholesome air of heaven unaffected by
the noise and the dirt, and where he can worship
his God in that tabernacle which He has fur-
nished—the earth and the sky which covers the
earth—forgetting the cares of the week, meditat-
ing upon the duties which he owes to his Maker,
and determining as far as he may be able to resist
the temptations which the life of the week pre-
sents. And it is not only good for his health in
that particular, his moral and his religious health,
it is good for his physical condition. I speak,
Mr. President, perhaps with some experience,
although not a laboring man in one sense, but in
another sense in past years a very hard and in-
cessant laboring man. -I have found when Sat-
urday night came, and I had the promise of a
Sunday with the privilege of going out unaffected
by the cares of office and the engagements of my
profession, I was the better physically as well as
morally. Jf it can be done without violating any
of the injunctions of Scripture, as I think it can
with due deference to the more complete knowl-
edge that my friend from West Virginia may
have on the subject, I want that the laboring men
of this city who are far apart from each other
may be afforded an opportunity of enjoying social
intercourse with each other if they think proper
to be in the city on Sunday; and they cannot do
it in a city of these distances without some such
aid as this; and 1 want them to be permuted to
enjoy the pleasures of the country, the green fields
of which the honorable member from Iowa has
spoken, the silence which is found to reign there,
an opportunity to turn their thoughts inward and
Uj vow that thereafter, if they have failed in the
past, they will devote themselves to the duty which
they owe to their fellow-men and to their God.
Mr. HALE. Air. IVesident, I did not have
the privilege of hearing the theological part of the
argument of the Senator from Maryland; it seemed
to be addiessed to my friend from West Virginia,
and 1 do not know what impression or what con-
viction it worked on his mind. The physical
part of the argument seemed to be addressed to
this side of the House, and I heard as much of
that as I could. Now, Mr. President, it was
poetical also. The "green fields" I think have
done their full share in the argument for the legis-
lation that is asked for, and the "meditation"
tiiat is induced in these Sunday rides and the in-
ward contemplation " turning the thoughts in-
ward" I think would have been more m conform-
ity to the truth if the Senator had said it was
devoted to turning lager beer, instead of thoughts,
inwardly [laughter] on that day.
But, Mr. President, I will tell you just exactly
where I think this matter ought to be left. It
ought to be with the people of this city. We arc
the legislators for the Disttict of Columbia, and 1
understand that the cars are or have been heieto-
fore restrained from running on Sunday by the
regulations of the city authorities. Am 1 right?
Mr. GIMMES. 1 have applied to the mayor
since this debate to learn what the facts are in re-
gard to it. He tells me that he decided that some
old ordinance which declared that vehicles should
not be permitted to run on the Sabbath for lure
. included the cars.
Mr. HALE. The sameauthority which made
that oidmance can repeal it,and if that city ordi-
nance is in force the railroad cars refrain fiom
running on Sunday in Washington because the
city authorities, the representatives of that class
\i ho go out on Sunday in the green fields for such
reflection as the Senator from Maryland has so
poetically set foith, have determined that it is
improper and inexpedient.
Sir, I appeal now to my New England fiiends,
men who, ii they have no religion, have some
pretense to it, [laughter,] and i ask them how
they wiil .stand at home if they go home and say
thai [hcityof Washington, outside of the Puri-
tan influf.in.es cf New England, with only such
grace as they could attain to under the teachings
they had had, had prohibited the cars from run-
ning on Sunday, and the Puritans of New Eng-
land had come here and compelled them to allow
traveling upon their railroads on Sunday. For
one, I am not willing to occupy that position. I
am willing to leave this matter where it has been
left, and where I think it ought to be, and that is,
with the city authorities.
Mr. President, while I am up let me say that
I think our whole legislative action in regard to
this District is wrong. We treat it more like a
conquered province than like a community of
freemen entitled to the privileges of the American
Constitution; and one of the special objects of
partisan plunder for every Administration that
comes into power here is to bestow the local offices
of this city upon their own favorites. We upset
the judiciary here since we have been in power
and established a new set of judges, and where
did they*come from ? The gentlemen who were
appointed were warm personal and political friends
of mine, men whom I highly esteem, Judge
Olin, of Troy, New York, Judge Cartter, of Ohio,
&c. The Piesident went to Ohio and New York
to getjudges for the District of Columbia. There
are no gentlemen in the world whom I esteem
higher than 1 do them; but if I had been present
—i was not; I wasabsentfrom sickness—1 should
have voted against their confirmation, because I
thought it was based upon a wrong principle;
and so it has been throughout. The President
came here and brought his marshal for the Dis-
trict from Illinois, and a pretty bnd he proved,
too; and the Vice President brought with him a
Navy agent, a very respectable gentleman; and
so it is constantly. Why not act on the princi-
ple that the city of Washington is composed of
men that understand their own interests, and cer-
tainly on these local matters?
For that reason I am for striking out this pro-
viso; and, sir, 1 thank the Senator from West
Virginia for the speech that he has made. I think
it is the first speech I ever heard made in the
many that i have heard in the Senate by a man
who openly, boldly, without equivocation or
apology, recognized the law of God and the ob-
ligations of Chnatian morality as binding upon
him in his legislative capacity. We may have
all felt it very deeply and keenly, but we have
been so modest and so sensitive upon it that I de-
clare the avowal of the Senator from West Vir-
ginia is the first time I ever recollect to have heard
on the floor of the Senate the declaration of the
obligation of the law of God and of Christian
morality as binding upon a man in his legislative
capacity. I hope, sir, that the proviso will be
stricken out.
Mr. WILLEY. Mr President, I am exceed-
ingly indebted to my fiiend fiom New llamp-
shne for answering the poetical partof the argu-
ment of the honorable Senator from Maryland;
but the honorable Senator from Maryland seemed
to question whether my recollection of the good
Book was not a little at fault, and he seemed to
think that it might be hard to find within it any
express injunction requiring us to observe the
Sabbath day. Well, sir, it has been a good while
since I learned my catechism, and the honorable
Senator from Maryland, with the distinction of
years upon his head, has been longer away from
it, I suppose, than I have. And yet, sir, I trusted
that even down to the utmost span of man's life,
to threescore years and ten, no one in this Chris-
tian country would ever forget the lesson his
mother taught him when he repeated after her,
"Remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy,"
and not merely that general injunction,but speci-
fying that no man-servant or maid-servant, or
any person or thing within the control of the in-
dividual, should be allowed to labor on that uay.
But then it is necessary in the estimation of
the honorable Senatoi that we should have these
cars on the streets uj.>on the Sabbath day in order
to get to chuich. That is to say, in order to
obey one injunction of the Scriptures, hardly as
plainly taught, I think, m the Bible, we are re-
quired to ignoreanother; in order toget to church
we must have two horses and a railroad car, with
a driver and a conductor, rattling along the pub-
lic highway; and not only that, but so eager seems
the honorable Senator,as well as my friend from
fowa, to go to chinch on the Sabbath day, that
they must go every five minutes in the day from
sunrise to sundown, for that is the requisition of
this bill.
Mr. GRIMES. Not " requisition;" the Sen-
ator uses a wrong word.
Mr. WILLEY. The bill requires the cars to
run as often on Sunday as is prescribed in the
original Jaw for the other days of the week.
Mr. GRIMES. Not " requisition;" they are
permitted to do that.
Mr. WILLEY. If the Senator will modify
this proviso so that the cars shall only run about
church hours, I shall make no objection to it. If
he will modify it so as to keep from the cars per-
sons who have no church-going propensities
whatever I shall not object.
Mr. GRIMES. Perhaps the Senator would
want it modified so as to have the people go to
his particular church. [Laughter.]
Mr. WILLEY. No, sir; 1 should be very glad
if the honorable Senator would attend any church
at all, no matter what. [Laughter.] But, Mr.
President, it is seen, it is apparent, it is evident
that the object of keeping these cars on the streets
has no reference whatever to the accommodation
of people going to church, and that the practical
result of keeping them upon the streets on the
Sabbath day will be to encourage vice, to en-
courage dissipation, to encourage drunkenness,
to encourage the support of the lager beer sa-
loons, as has been intimated here to-night, with-
out accomplishing any practical benefit, for there
is no transportation on that day of parties to their
business or anything of that kind; it is simply
for pleasure; and nine tenths of those who use
them will seek their pleasure, not in those intel-
lectual, poetical, sublimated enjoyments so beau-
tifully described by the honorable Senator from
Maryland, by going to the end of the railroad
and then seeking the shade of the forest where
they may be alone, but in places of dissipation
and vice and carousal and folly. 1 hope it will
be left to the proper authorities of this city to de-
termine whether they shall have these cars run-
ningor not. I hope at any rate that the Congress
of the United States will not give even a quasi
assent or authority to what it seems to me is a
palpable violation of the spirit of^Christianity as
well as the veiy letter of the Bible.
Mr.SAULSBURY. Mr.'President,there are
two very good documents which have been re-
ferred to in this debate, the Constitution of the
United States and the Bible, which I think it is
hardly necessary to refer to m a debate arising in
this body. We have so persistently and con-
tinuously violated the former, the Constitution,
that if its authors were alive they certainly would
not suppose we had much regard for it, and 1 do
not apprehend that we shall respect the Author
of the Bible by simply striking out this proviso*
Mr. FOSTER. I shall vote for striking out
this proviso, having, 1 hope, as much regard for
the interests of the laboring men as those who
insist that to have it m will be a benefit to them.
Why, sir, look at the very large class of laboring
men connected with these c^rs. There is adriver
and a conductor on each car. There are a large
number of persons employed at the stableswhere
the horses are kept to attend to them, and at vari-
ous points along the road where there are eleva-
tions of the surface, where it is necessary to have
additional power, there are men or boys stationed
with additional horses to put them on. Under
these circumstances we see that there are, to speak
within bounds, some hundreds of men and boys
connected with these cars. The number may
possibly reach even to a thousand. 1 donotknow
how many there are, but certainly a very largo
number.
Now, sir, ought we not t6 have some reference
to letting these men have a Sunday, a day of rest r
Why arc they not entitled to one day's rest in a
week as well as other men? If we allow these
cais to mn, the consequence is that not one of
these men, not one of these boys can have any
more Sunday than the heathen have. They work
on from early morning until late at night, for al-
most by daylight some of these cars begin to run
and they ruu untfl after midnight, and this with-
outinteimission day or night continuously. Now,
sir, I say that as legislators it is our duty to do
something for the benefit of these men, to give
them at least one day's real in seven, and we
ought not out ol'any fancifn. regard to somebody
else to s?ty that we will compel those men to go
on and labor without repose and without rest.
It may be eaid we do not compcl them tu do
