THE CONGRESS!
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C, HIYES, WASHINGTON, D. {£• 
Thirty-Eichtii Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, JUNE 22, 1804. .
New Series;....No. 197.
.j-.'-.U,**
report. One of them—it is but an eXample-T—tJie
seventeenth, is "costof tools and fixtures, includ-
ing -furniture of offices;""and another, thet\verity-
eighth, is " amount patdfor reconstruction of tod
repairs totrack,tur1iouts, and otherstruetures;"
and another,- the twenty-sixth,amount paid <U>
employes, with thei namher each of clerks, con-
ductors, drivers, station-keepers, and laborers.>'
"What is ail that for? II never knew such aa en-
action to be made ofany company* I do not see
any good to come from it* I move to strike out
the section.
Mr. GRIMES.- I trust that will not be done;
no public interest will be promoted by it.
The-amendment was rejected, "
The bill was reported to the Senate asanielided;
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The' question
is, " Will the Senate concur in the amendments
made as in Committee of the Whole?"
Mr. BUCKALEW. I ask fora separate vote
on the amendment striking out the clause permit-
ting. the cars to run on Sunday.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That amend-
ment will-be excepted.
The other amendments were concurrted in.
•The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
now is on concurring in the amendment excepted
at the request of the Senator from Pennsylvania,
the amendment striking out the proviso relative
to running the cars on Sunday.
Mr. HALE called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 1G, nays 14; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Brown, Clark, Dixon, Doolitllfi, Foot,
Foster, Hale, Harlan, Lane of Kansas, Morgan, Pomeroy,
liamsey, Sprague, Ten Eyck, Willey, anil Wilson—IG.
NAYS—Messis. Buck.tkvv, Connes*, Cowan, Grimes,
Johnson, Lane of Indiana, Morrill, Powfill, Rnldlc, Sauls-
bury, Sherman, Sumner, Trumbull, and Wade—14.
ABS13NT—Messrs. Anthony, Carlile, Chandler, Colla-
mer, Davis,Fcssenden, Harding, Harris, Henderson, Hen-
dricks, Hicks, Howard, Howe, MeDougall, Nesmilh, Eich-
aidson, Van Winkle, Wilkinson, and Wright—19.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. SUMNER. I now move again the amend-
ment which I offered in committee:
Provide!, That there shall be no exclusion of any person
from any cai on account of color. s
I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 17, nays 16; as follows:
YEAS—Means, Brown, Clark, Conness, Dixon, Foot,
Hale, Harlan, Howe, Lane of Kansas, Morgan, Morrill,
Pomeroy, Ramsey, Sprague, Sumner, Wade, alia Wilson
—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Buekalew, Carlile, Cowan, Doolittle,
Fostei, Grimes, Johnson, Lane of Indiana, Powell, Kid-
dle, Saul^burv, Sherman, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Van Win-
kle, and Willey—16.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler,Collainer, Pavls,
Fessenden, Harding, Harris, Henderson, Hendricks, llicks,
Howard, MeDougall, Nesmilh, Riehaidson, Wilkinson,and
Wright—16.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read the third time. The bill
was road the third time.
' Mr. SAULSBURY called for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill, and they were .ordered.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I intend to vote against
this bill simply on account of the amendment
justaffopted.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas S3, nays 8; as follows:
YEAS Messrs. Drown, Claik, Dixon, Doolittle, Foot,
Fo«ior Grimes, Harlan, Howe, Johnson, Lane of Kansas,
Morgan, Morrill, Pomeioy, Ramsey, Sherman, Sprague,
Sumner, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Wade, Willey, and Wilson
 23
NAYS—Messrs. Buekalew, Carlile, Cowan, Hale, Lane
of Indiana, Powell, Riddle, and Saulsbury—8.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Collaraer, Con-
ness, Davis, Fessenden, Harding, Harris, Henderson, Hen-
dricks, I-Iicks, Howard, MeDougall, Nesmith, Richardson,
Van Winkle, Wilkinson,"and Wiight—18. , j
So the bill was passed.
HOUR OF MEETING.
Mr. DIXON submitted the foilowiqg resolu-
tion for consideration:
Resolved, That, until otherwise ordered, the dally hour
of meeting of the Senate staJJ be eleven o'sloek a. m.
it; but do we not, sir ? These men are employed
by this corporation, and it is not going to em-
ploy two sets of hands. If they are employed
they will have to labor day after day without in-
termission. But even if that were not so, and
other men were employed on Sunday, who would
those other men be ? Laboring men; men who have
labored six days atsome other employment, and
they would have no Sabbath. So it comes to the
same thing. The amount of it is that we compel
hundreds of men to labor without interruption
forsome fancied good to somebody else.
A word also in regard to the animals ought
not, I think, to be entirely superfluous. "The
merciful man is merciful to his beast." Why
ought the poor animals that drag these cars be
compelled to labor without one day, one night of
- rest? I say it is but fair, it is but liberal, it is but
just to allow these men and these animals one day's
rest in seven. More can be accomplished, as it is
believed, by men and by animals, even men and
animals who labor, by giving them their'appro-
priate rest. The Sabbath, although a divine in-
stitution, is made for man, and man can accom-
plish most by observing it—most of all kinds of
labor. We gain nothing in mental or in physical
labor by going on incessantly—we lose by it.
It is a merciful institution that we rest at least
one seventh of" the time. I trust, Mr. President,
that the proviso will be stricken out.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. President, this bill
came to the Committee on the Districtof Colum-
bia of the Senate with a provision requiring the
corporation to run the cars on the Sabbath. It
has been modified by the committee so as to
permit them to run on the Sabbath. Now it is
said that this is a breach of the law of God, that
it violates the commandment requiring us to re-
gard the Sabbath day. Suppose we carry that
principle a little farther: shall we carry it so far
as to say that all locomotion on Sunday is a,vio-
lation of the law of God? May not a man walk
for any other purpose or in any other direction
than to a church ? If he may walk to a church,
may he not ride to a church, and if he may ride,
how ? May he not ride as well in a car as in a
carriage? Sir, is all locomotion or travel either
on foot or in carriages absolutely a violation of
" the law of God for any other purpose than to go
to church, and will anybody hold t-hat his heav-
enly Father may not be as well worshiped in
traveling in some other direction than to church ?
I suppose that in the abstract we would none of
us adopt such a conclusion. It is lawful, I sup-
pose, according to the good Book, to go to church
on foot or in a carriage, or otherwise, as may be
most convenient; and I do not know any dogma
anywhere now of the Christian church which pro-
hibits persons from all sorts of innocent exercise
in the open air on the Sabbath, either riding or
walking.
Now, how is it with this mode of communica-
tion, so common in the large cities? The street
caislmtfe become now almost the universal mode
of traveling for the great bulk of the people in the
cities. My honorable friend from New Hamp-
shire starts the question that some of us may find
that we are extremely unpopular when we go
North and are told that we have voted to permit
the people of Washington to run these cars on
the Sabbath. Puritan New England, he thinks,
will be reproached by an example of that sort.
Does not my honorable friend know that the cars
run very constantly in the city of Boston on the
Sabbath day? I happened to spend a Sabbath
there a short time since, and it was the busiest
day almost, so far as the cars were concerned,
that I saw; but there was perfect order; there
were less carriages, less hacks, less coaches, but
a thousand fold more people enjoying the Sab-
bath, going to church and coming from it in that
' way than 1 had noticed before,. It is tolerated
there- so it is in the city of Portland, and in the
city of New York, and in the city of Brooklyn;
so that I do not see any danger of violating the
public sense by what we propose to.permit, not
require, here.
197
My honorable friend from New Hampshire
suggests the propriety of leaving this matter to
the corporationists in. the District. How will
that work ? This road extends from Georgetown
on the west beyond the navy-yard, running
through, I believe, the limits of tnree municipal
jurisdictions. Supp°se people of Georgetown
say," You may run the cars on the Sabbath,"and
on the east end the people say the same, thing,
but the people of Washington say "No;" how
then? You must have a concurrent vote of the
three jurisdictions; so that there seems to be a
necessity for Congress to settle the question. I
suggest, therefore, that a reference to the people
of these cities is not quite practicable. The com-
mittee did not suppose they were doing more than
following what has come to be very common now
in almost all the cities. The Christian sense of
the most Christian communities in the land has
come to believe that there is no more harm in peo-
ple riding in streetcars oil the Sabbath than riding
in the public or private coaches, which are of
course unrestricted. I shall therefore vote with
the committee to retain the clause in the bill.
Mr. CONNESS. I believe the Senator from
Maine is not right when he implies that you may
ride in a carriage here on the Sabbath day. You
cannot do that under the city ordinances, I be-
lieve, except it be to attend a funeral. Being in
want of a carriage one day I made that discovery.
Mr. MORRILL. I hardly know what the or-
dinances are. I know what the fact is.
Mr. CONNESS. I suppose the ordinances
are about as irregularly observed as the streets
are cleansed. I hope this amendment will not be
adopted. I think it is too late in the day to en-
force pious practices, such as those recommended
by the honorable Senator from New Hampshire.
I had the privilege of sitting directly under the
Senator while he was exhorting the Senate, and
I was very glad to find that he had such a degree
of legard and respect for the Scriptures, and for
the acknowledgment of the Deity. I did not,
however, see the appositeness of his argument.
I see no rule proper to be observed violated by
permitting these vehicles (I will call them such)
to be run on the Sabbath day or on Sunday. 1
hope it will be ordered to be done by this bill. I
think.it would be a step backwards to have it
otherwise. They are certainly the most accept-
able part of the city's accommodations, if I am
competent to judge. 1 hope the amendment will
not be sustained.
. Mr. WILLEY called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted
—yeas 15, nays 14; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Brown, Clark, Collamer, Dixon, Foot,
Foster, Hale, Lane of Kansas, Morgan, Pomeroy, Ramsey,
Sprague, Ten Eyck, Willey, and Wilson-15.
Nays—Messrs. Anthony. Buekalew, Carlile, Conness,
Cowan. Grimes, Johnson, Moirill, Powell, Kiddle, Sher-
man, Sumner, Trumbull, and Wade—14.
ABSENT—Messrs. Chandler, Davis, Doolittle, Fessen-
den, Harding, Harlan, Harris, Henderson, Hendricks,
llicks, Howard, Howe, Lane of Indiana, MeDougall, Nes-
mitli, llichatdbon Uaulsbury, Van Winkle, Wilkinson, and
Wiight—20.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move to strike out the
fourth section of the bill which requires the com-
pany annually on and after January, 18G5, to
make a return embracing a very large number of
items. " v
Mr. GRIMES. I will inform the Senator that
all the items set forth in that section were thor-
oughly examined by the president and superin-
tendent of the company, and are entirely satisfac-
tory to them, and the committee see no reason
why they should not render this account.
Mr. JOHNSON. The honorable member says
it is entirely satisfactory to the company. Does
he know that positively ?
Mr. GRIMES. The president and superin-
tendent of the company were before the com-
mittee. "
, Mr. JOHNSON. TheSenatecan judge whether
it is a compulsory satisfaction or a satisfaction
independent of any compulsion. There are thirty-
five items which are made the subjects of this
