1186
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 18,
into the Federal coders. The question of slavery
in our national Territories would have found a
peaceful solution in the steady advance and sure
empire of free labor, while slavery in its strong-
holds, girled by free institutions, might have
been content to die a natural death, instead of
ending its godless career in an infernal leap at
the nation's throat.
The homestead act did not go into effect till the
1st of January, 1863. Within four months from
that date, notwithstanding the troubled state of
the country, more than a million acres were
taken up under its provisions*, and at the close
of the year ending September 30, this amount
was increased to nearly a million and a half.
Peace will soon revisit the land and resurrect the
nation to a new life. The energy and activity of
the people, now directed to the business of war,
will be dedicated afresh to industrial pursuits.
Many thousands in the loyal States who will have
caught the spirit of travel and adventure, and far
greater multitudes in the Old World who will be
tempted to our shores, will lay hold of the home-
stead law as their glad refuge and sure help. It
wiil be the daystar of hope to millions beyond
the sea, and it is now the fond child of the mil-
lions of our own people who march under the
old flag of our fathers. Should it stand for ten
years to come, its blessings will outstrip the most
sanguine anticipations of its friends. Its over-
throw, I have said, is threatened; and this isdone
by indirection as well as by open assault. Since
the date of its passage, Congress has granted
nearly seven million acres for the benefit of agri-
cultural colleges, and about twenty million to aid
in the construction of railroads. There arc now
pending before Congress bills making other grants
for railroads amounting to nearly seventy million
acres. We have a project before us which grants
nearly sewn million acres for the. education of the
children of soldiers; another granting two hun-
dred thousand acres in the State of Michigan for
the establishment of female colleges, winch of
coursc would be extended to the other States; and
another granting ten million acres for the estab-
lishment of normal schools for young ladies.
Every day witnesses the birth of new projects,
by which our public lands niay be IViltned away,
and the beneficent policy of the homestead law
mutilated and destroyed. And simultaneously
with the development of this backward move-
ment, and as if to aid it, speculators arc hovering
over the public domain, picking anil culling huge
tiuets of the beat lands, and thus cheating the
Government out of their productive wealth, and
the poor man out of the home which else might
be his at the end of the war.
While the homestead policy is thus invaded by
gradual approaches and indirect attack, its over-
throw is boldly demanded as a financial necessity.
A veteran public journalist, and one of the fore-
most party leaders of our time, proposes to go
back from the Christian dispensation of free
homes and actual settlement to the Jewish dark-
ness of land speculators and public plunder. He
wants money to pay our immense national debt,
and seeks to obtain it by levying on the lands
which the nation has already dedicated by law to
occupancy and cultivation as the sure means of
revenue. What we want and the Government
needs is immigration. This is demonstrated by
the report of Hon. Samuel B. Ruggles to the in-
ternational congress which met at Herhn in last
September. He takes the eight food-producing
States of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Michigan, Wis-
consin, Minnesota, Iowa, and Missouri, and
shows that between the yours 185© and ISfiO their
population increased 3,554,095, of whom a very
targe proportion were emigrants from the old
States and from Europe. He shows that this in-
flux of population increased the quantity of im-
proved land m these States, within the same pe-
riod, 25,146,054 acres; that the cereal products
of these States increased 248,210,023 bushels;
that their swine increased 2,503,224; their cattle
2 83J ,098. He further shows that within the same
period the assessed value of real and persona! es-
tate of these States wan augmented 810,000,000.
These, to a great extent, are the direct results of
immigration; and in the light of these facts the
interest and duty of the Governmental palpable.
Uy all honorable and reasonable means it should
tempt Europe to send her people to our shores.
Prom 1^50 to 1860 the immigration averaged,
annually, 270,7G2, giving a total of* 5,063,414.
Within the next ten years, should the homestead
policy continue, the number of immigrants will'
probably far transcend all precedent, while in-
creasing multitudes from our older States will join
in the grand procession toward the West. If
Thurlow Weed wishes to use the public domain
in paying our national debt, here is the process.
It is simply to give heed to the divine injunction
to "multiply and replenish the earth." It is to
give homes to the millions who need them,and at
the same time coin their labor into national wealth,
by marrying it to the virgin soil which woos the
cultivator. It is to compel the earth to yield up
her fruits, so that commerce may transmute them
into silver and gold. Thus only can we solve the
problem of our finances, so far as the public lands
are concerned'. The project of paying a debt of
$3,000,000,000, or even the interest on it, by the
sale of these lands, is sublimely ridiculous; while
the proposition to repeal the homestead law is a
proposition to encourage speculation, to plunder
•the Government, to betray the just rights of mil-
lions by violating the plighted faith of the nation,
to hinder the march of civilization, and to weaken
the force of our example as a Republic, asserting
equal rights and equal laws as the basis of its
policy.
But I pass from this topic. I have adverted to
it, partly because I desired to sound the alarm of
danger in the cars of the people, and thus avert
its approach, and partly because the considera-
tions I have presented bear directly upon the
Vneasurc now before the House.
Mr. Speaker, this rebellion has frequently, and
very justly, been styled a slavcholders'rcbellion.
It is like wise a land holders' rebellion, for the chief
owners of slaves have been the chief owners of
land. Probably three fourths if not five sixths of
the lands in the rebel States at the beginning of the
war belonged to the slaveholders, who constituted
only about one fiftieth part of the whole popula-
tion of those States; while of the entire landed
estate of the three hundred and fifty thousand
slaveholders of the South at least two thirds be-
longed to less than one third of their number. I
make my calculations from our census tables,and
such other information as 1 find within my reach.
The bill i have reported, therefore, contemplates
no general seizure and confiscation of the prop-
erty of the people in the insurrectionary districts.
11looks to no sweeping measures against the rights
of the masses, but simply to the breaking up and
distribution of vast monopolies, which have made
the few the virtual owners of the multitude,
whether white or black. It is a bill to restore the
people to theirmahenable rights by chastising the
I traitors who conspired against the Government.
It proposes to vest in the United States the lands
which may be forfeited by confiscation in punish-
ment of treason or of other crimes under muni-
cipal laws; by confiscation as a right of war, by
military seizure, or by process in rem; and by
sales for non-payment of taxes. The quantity of
real estate which will thus pass from the hands
of rebels cannot now bo definitely determined, but
in seeking to estimate it we should bear in mind
one important consideration. The war which
the rebels are waging against us is no longer a
mere insurrection, lus not a grand national riot,
but a civil, territorial war between them and the
! United States. Having taken their stand outside
! of the Constitution and rested their cause on the
; naked ground of lawless might, they have, of ne-
! cessity, no constitutional rights. For them the
Constitution has ceased to exist. They are belli-
i gorents, enemies of the United States. They still
i owe allegiance to the Government, and arc still
j traitors, but they are at the same time public ene-
\ mics, who have simply the rights of war and are
1 to be dealt with according to the laws of war. The
■ lights of war and the rights of peace cannot co-
| exist in the hands of rebels. One paity to a con-
j tract cannot violate it and yet hold the other hound;
and hence the Constitution has nothing whatever
I to do with our treatment of the rebels, unless we
p shall see fit voluntarily to waive the rights of war
j1 and deal with them as citizens merely. I am not
'! now uttering my own opinion, but the solemn
j. judgment of the nation itself, speaking author!-
'j tatively through the highest court in the Union,
i According to The decision ofthntcourtacivil war
; between The United States and the rebels has been
i carried on for mors than two years and a half.
In the celebrated prize cases, decided last spi ing
and reported in 2 Black's Reports, page 635,
Judge Grier says,tc The pai ties to a civil war ere
in the same piedicament as two nations who en-
gage in a contest and have lecourse to arms;"
that " a civil war exists and may be prosecuted
on the same footingasif those opposing the Gov-
ernment were foreign invaders, wheneverthe reg-
ular course of justice is interrupted by revolt, re-
bellion, or insurrection, so that the courts cannot
be kept open;" and that" the present civil war
between the United States and the so-called con-
federate States has such a character and magni-
tude as to give the United States the same rights
and powers which they might exercise in the case
of a national or foreign war.3' Such, Air. Speaker,
is the law, as to the relations existing between the
rebels and the United States. I am not arguing
the point, because all argument is closed by this
decision. The rebels are belligerents, and when
they shall be effectually vanquished they will have
simply the tights of a conquered people under the
law of nations, that is to say, such rights as wo
shall choose to grant them according to the laws
of war, untrammeled by the Constitution of the
United States.
In the light of this settled principle, Mr. Speaker,
I judge of the extent of rebel territory which must
fall under our control. The war will increase in
intensity and fierceness to the end. The exas-
peration of the rebels will naturally keep pace
with our successes. Our war policy, which has
been steadily growing move anu more earnest and
radical for the past two years, will not again be-
come a " war on peace piinfoples." Theamncsty
proclamation may reach the case of many, 'out
should it reach even all who ate not expressly
excepted by its terms, there will still be an im-
mense territory falling under our power. Sir,
whether we have willed it or not, this is now a
war of subjugation, and the law of nations must
govern the parties and the settlement of the dis-
pute. We shall not be confined to the penal en-
actments of Congress on the subject of treason,
which require an indictment, a regular trial, and
a conviction. The condemnation of rebel piop-
crty need i^ot depend upon the prosecution of its
owner through a grand jury, who may be wholly
or in part secessionists, nor upon his conviction
by a petit jury of like character, nor upon the
finding of a bill within any statute of limitations.
Resting our case on the law of nations and the
laws of war, we are not compelled to seek the land
of the rebel through a trial wjjiich must be had in
! the county in which the offense was committed,
and in which both court and jury may bo in sym-
pathy with the accused. The several penal acts
of Congress on these subjects, and the ordinary
safeguards of law applicable to the rights ofciti-
! zens in a time of peacc, are not in our way. The
war powers of the Government, as asserted and
defined in the fifth, sixth, seventh, and eighth sec-
tions of the confiscation act of July 17, 1862,
point to a remedy as sweeping as it is just, namely,
the military seizure, condemnation, and sale of
the real estate of traitors and their abettors. A
considerable quantity of land,itis true, may pass
from the rebels by judicial proceedings against
them for treason, and other crimes under munici-
pal statutes. I know, too, that millions of acres
must be forfeited by the non-payment of taxes.
But independent of these sources of title, and by
virtue of military seizureand condemnation alone,
a very large proportion of the lands within the
insurrectionary districts must vest in the Gov-
ernment of the United States.
If it be said that the Government has no right
to confiscate the fee simple of rebel States, I meet
it with a direct denial. In what I have said, 1
have taken this light for granted. I have never
doubted it for a moment, and I shall not now ar-
gue the Question. The honest refusal of the Presi-
dent, in last June, to allow Congress to touch the
fee of rebels in arms against the nation, was the
saddest and grandest mistake of his life. That the
right to do so was disputed and debated in the last
Congress, as it has been extensively m this, by
some of our wisest statesmen and greatest law-
yers, will hereafter be set down among the politi-
cal curiosities of this century. Our iatheis wore
not fools, but wise men, who armed the nation
with the power to crush its foes as well as to pro-
tect its friends. " The Constitution was made for
the people, not the people for the Constitution."
