2162
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 6,
Union party m the distuet, I do nut Jcel at hbcity to refuse
it. I tru^t it ui their hands.
Respectfully, BENJAMIN LOAN.
Nothing which he did was calculated in the least
to hinder a fair and free election, nor did he have
anything to do with any effort or attempt to pre-
vent a free expression or choice of the legal voters
at the polls. The contestant received at this
market-house precinct some 87 votes, or about
one third of the vote cast for respondent, and it is
apparent from the testimony that there was no
organized or systematic attempt to prevent voters
from voting for contestant.
But even admitting for the purposes of this in-
vestigation that there was some disturbance and
interruption of voters at the polls, caused by per-
sons in the crowd, and that some persons were
roughly used, how much was the result of the
election affected by it? Several of the witnesses
give opinions from hearsay and from what they
saw at the election in St. Joseph as to the number
of persons they believed were kept from voting in
the enure county, in which there are eighteen
election precincts, but this is a mere wholesale
guess, and is wholly inadmissible. Only two give
estimates or guesses for this township. Knapp,
on pages 7 and 9, puts the whole number kept
from voting atabout three hundred, andMatney,
on page 24, estimates the whole number at from
one hundred and fifty to two hundred voters, but
the witnesses would not swear that these would
have voted for contestant. Yet the report of the
majority of the committee claims a loss for con-
testant in tins township alone of 900 votes by
violence and intimidation, although contestant, in
Ins notice, only claimed a loss of 800 in the whole
county. The vote returned from this township
for 186*2 was 910. Add lo this the 100 votes polled
illegally at the couit-house and destroyed, and it
mokts the en tiro vote east 1,010. The whole vote
of the township in 1863,one year later, and in an
exciting party election, was only 1,156, being an
iinMeaso ot but 546 votes, of which increase the
ladical candidates for supreme court judges in
1863gained 186 votes ovei .the votefoi there.spond-
« nt in 1 C'62, Ins vote in lb'62 being but 744, while
that of the radical candidates for judges in 1863
was 930; winch conclusively shows that the in-
creased \ote in 1803 did not come but in part from
the conservative aide.
The county of Buchanan in 18G0 gave G14 votes
for Iji'ockinrulge for President, of which 226 votes
wei o cast in this same township of Washington.
Did contestant expect to find the votes of these
men deposited in liie ballot-box at the election in
1862? YVouid he not be more likely to find these
yoters, and many others who votetUthere in 1860,
in the rebel army ?
J kit there w another fact which shows that no
disturbance of a serious character or of long con-
tinuance occurred at the polls in this city of St.
Joseph. General W. P. Hall, then Lieutenant
Governor and also military commander of this dis-
trict, resided here and attended the election on
said day. lie ia now Governor of the State and
a prominent Democrat, and has never been ac-
cused or suspected of radicalism, lie had con-
frol of all the militia there, and discharged forth-
with (torn custody all pei^ons who were arrested
tout day, so that the voteis could have no fears
on that account, and could know that lie was re-
spected as m supieme command. Had thoie been
any serious violence ordisturbanoe he could have
suppressed it at any moment. Will the Democ-
racy endeavor now to impeach their own Gov-
ernor m this matter, andclaim that he connived at
or even tolerated or permitted violent interference
with voteis at the polls either by tiie nulitaiy or
citizens under his own eyes?
That there was an interruption at the court-
house is admitted, but that was sudden and closed
the polls where the election had been conducted
in open violation of law, and there being five
other polls open m the city, it was, it seems, not .
considered necessary to commence and open the '
polls theie again; but it does not appear that
contestant ever insisted before the canvassers or
(Chimed that the vote cast at the court-house was ;
jesa* and should be counted in his favor.
No dot,-Ijjt at this market-house piecmct there ]
were instances high words, miscellaneous in- !
.dividual quairels, those scenes of noise and t
,confnsion which frequently aUend upon elections j
Where a crowd is us e c-.wl poetical feel- |
ing is excited; and in the recent experience of this
country it would be strange if such manifestations
did not appear; but that is far different from or-
ganized, systematic violence, and intimidation or
interference.
The contestant and the report of the majority
of the committee, as well as that of the minority
in this case, wholly exonerate the superior offi-
cers of both the State and Federal Government
throughout the district from any action in the
matter prejudicial to the contestant, and also ad-
nut that the judges of election conducted.the elec-
tion with fairness; and under such circumstances
it is impossible for the contestant to make void
the election, and to say that no choice has been
made.
We have seen that the contestant's own wit-
nesses only claim a loss of from 150 lo 300 votes in
Washington township. Suppose, for the sake of
the illustration, we call it at the highest number,
300, and even add to this the entire 100 votes de-
stroyed at the court-house, but which were ille-
gally cast, making 400 in all in this county, how
is it to avail the contestant, and how is it possible
for him with this aid to overcome the remaining
surplus vote of the respondent in the district,
amounting to over 1,628 majority or plurality?
The gentleman who drew the report of the major-
ity of the committee in this case seemed almost
instinctively conscious of this insuperable diffi-
culty, as he, while giving tabular statements in
almost endless variety of repetition, wholly omits
to give a statement drawn from the evidence of
contestant's losses in the seveial counties, with
the aggregate footing. In four of the counties
where the number of precincts is shown by the
testimony, there are forty-one election precincts,
and outside of Buchanan county contestant does
not claim to have offered any evidence as to the
election only as to five precincts. It would, there-
fore, require proof that the contestant lost by vio-
lence or intimidation over 325 votes on an average
at each of those five precincts to overcome and do
away with the remaining majoiity of the sitting
member. Such a state of things the evidence
wholly fails to show, and no political cipheinig
can enable the contestant to overcome the re-
spondent's vote in the district.
Call the average of election precincts ten to a
county, which is less than is shown by the evi-
dence so far as given, and it makes one hundred
and fifty precincts m the district, and the contest-
ant having offered some evidence as to the election
in only eight of these precincts, desires, on that
alone, to set aside and declare the election void in
the leitiaining one hundred and foity-two pre-
cincts in the district, concerning which he has of-
fered no evidence,and in which the election is not
in the least attacked or impeached. Neither law
nor precedent will justify such a couise.
As the contestant has sought to base an argu-
ment upon a comparison of votes in the district
in diffeient years we will notice that aspectof this
case. The aggiegate vote in this district m 1863
forjudges of the supreme court was 1G>229, and
the majoiity for the ladical candidates was 4,551,
a majority lacking only 3 voti.s of being equal to
contestant's entue vote in 1862, and the entire vote
' for the conservative candidates in 1863 in the dis-
ti ict was only 5,839, being an mci ease in the en-
tire district of only 1,288 votes over the vote for
contestation 18G2, while thea^greirate ladical vote
in the distiict in 18G3 was 10,390, being an in-
crease of 1,143 over the entue aggregate vote of
Loan and Branch the two unconditional Union
candidates in the district in 1862, thus showing
that the gain in the radical vote in 1863 was neaily
as great in the district as the gain in the conseiv-
ative vote.
in the five counties of Andrew, Atchison, Bu-
chanan, De Ivalb and Livingston, concerning the
election in which contestantclaims to have offered
some evidence, showing interference with and in-
timidation of voters at the polls m 18G2, the ma-
jority for the radical candidates m 1863 was 795.
i Include with these the counties of Holt and Nod-
( away, in winch contestant also insists there was
■ interference (though he has offered no eyidenceto
j show any) in 1862, and the radical majority in
I 1863 was 1,742, showing a vote there about as
: healthy for ladieaiism in 1863 as in 1862, without
allowing the contestant the poor excuse of at-
• tiibuting it m 1S6U to military interfeience.
The contestant cannotexpUm what, he calls the
falling off m the aggregate vote in 1862, from the
vote for President in 1860, by any alleged military
or other interference with or against his support-
ers at the polls, but he will find himself compelled
to devise some other and more rational explana-
tion, if any is called for, as both parties are repre-
sented in such alleged decrease in 1862 as well as
in the increased vote in 1863. But it is absurd to
attempt to determine that there was any such act-
ual falling off in the aggregate vote in 1862 by
comparing it with the vote of 1860 before the re- v
hellion, as that would be assuming that all the
rebels in this district who voted in 1860 were to
be reckoned as still voters here in 1862, and be-
sides, the vote at an exciting presidential election
is usually larger than at any ordinary State or
congressional election. The secession element
existing in this district at the breaking out of the
rebellion, and the disturbances caused and changes
wrought by the civil war, readily furnish the ex-
planation without any necessity for taking the con-
testant or the military into serious consideration.
From certain portions of the testimony and also
from the admissions and statements of the parties
on the argument of this case before the committee,
it appeared that at this election in 1862, being the
first general election since the breaking out of the
civil war in the State, owing to the strength of the
disloyal element in the State and to the oath pre-
scribed for voters by the convention ordinance,
many persons refused ordeclinedto vote, some be-
cause they considered it would be acknowledging
or recognizing their allegiance to the General Gov-
ernment, others because they were opposed to tak-
ing the convention oath; some because they were
timid about taking sides with either party, and
some because, since the issuing of Order No. 24,
August 4, 1862, they had en-rolled themselves as
disloyal underpaid order. And during the contin-
uance of the canvass such was the indifference of
many citizens to the Federal and State government
that candidates in conducting the canvass frequent-
ly urged their fellow-citizens to come out and vote
and thus manifest their loyalty and take part in
choosing county officers and members of the Le-
gislature as well as members of Congress and aid
in restoring order and civil government. Some of
the disloyal class as we have seen, more crafty,
designing, and unscrupulous, boldly presented
themselves at the polls, and their notorious dis-
loyalty no doubt excited in the breasts of loyal
men some righteous indignation and elicited ex-
pressions of disapprobation and epithets which
would naturally disturb a guilty conscience, and
might cause it to raise the howl of military inter-
ference at the polls.
These facts and circumstances, if any explana-
tion were needed, would sufficiently account for
any supposed falling off m the vote of this district
in 1862 without attributing it to violence orintimi-
dation on the part of the militia. But the vote
was a large if not in fact a full vote. The aggre-
gate vote for Congress m this district in 3862 was
larger than that of any other congressional dis-
trict in the State of Missouri at that election,
laiger than the aveiage aggregate vote for mem-
bers of the present Congress in all the border
States, and larger even than the average vote for
Congress in the several districts of the State of
Massachusetts at the last congressional election.
The point has been made on behalf of contestant
that m some of the counties many of the candi-
dates for State offices were militia officers and
were running on the same ticket with the re-
spondent.
In reply to this, and also as to the frequent
mention in the evidence of the presence of the
militia at the polls, we say, in the language of the
order of the adjutant general of the State, No.
45, " that the enrolled militia, being citizens of
the State and nearly all entitled to vote, will
doubtless be generally at places of voting;" and
we are not aware that a loyal citizen is disquali-
fied to hold a civil office by reason of being en-
rolled and serving in the State militia.
But the contestant cannot avail himself of any-
thing to his advantage in this regard, for while
making a profert in the committee-room of what
he claimed to be the fragments of the poll-books
and tickets destroyed at ihe court-house in St.
Joseph he exhibited a specimen of the tickets used
at that election, on which his own name appeared
for Congress, regularly printed on the same ticket
with the same Colonel John Severance and the
