1864
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3139
The resolution requires the Secretary of "War,
in connection with the Array Register for the year
1864, to caus6 to be printed and published a full
roll of all field, line, and staff officers of volun-
teers who have been in the Army of the United
States since the beginning of the present rebel-
lion, showing whether they are yet in the service
or have been discharged therefrom, and giving
casualties and other explanations proper for such
a Register. It also provides that m order to de-
fray, in whole or in part, the expenses of this
publication an edition of fifty thousand copies of
such enlarged Register shallbe published, and may
be sold to officers, soldiers, or citizens at a price
which shall not more than Cover the actual cost
of paper, printing, and binding, and shall not in
any case exceed one dollar per volume.
The resolution was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
AMBULANCE CORl'S.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am directed by the com-
mittee to report back the memorials of sundry
citizens of New York praying for the establish-
ment of an ambulance corps. A bill in reference
to that matter has passed both Houses and become
a law, and I therefore move that the committee
be discharged from the further consideration of
the petitions, and that the same be laid on the
table.
The motion was agreed to.
FUEL AND SUBSISTENCE.
Mr. SCHENCK, from the same committee,
reported adversely upon a bill and sundry peti-
tions asking that citizens of Washington may be
allowed to purchase fuel and subsistence from the
commissary and quartermaster's stores in this
city; which bill and petitions were laid on the table.
VOLUNTEERS IN THE MEXICAN WAR.
Mr. SCHENCK, from the same committee,
reported back, with a recommendation that it do
not pass, a bill (H. R. No. 112) to provide for the
payment of certain volunteer companies in the
service of the United States in the war with
Mexico and in the suppression of Indian dis-
turbances in New Mexico; and moved that the
same be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
CAPTAIN M. M. HA WES.
Mr. SCHENCIC, from the same committee,
reported a joint resolution for the relief of Cap-
tain M. M. Hawes; which was read a first and
second time by its title.
The resolution directs the proper accounting
officers of the Treasury to credit Captain M. M.
Hawes, assistant quartermaster, with the sum of
$1,050 42 upon his cash account with the Quarter-
master General's department, and that Hawes be
relieved from any further responsibility for said
sum of money, the same being for moneys stolen
from him without any negligence or fault upon
hispart.
The resolution was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CITIZEN PRISONERS.
Mr. SCHENCK, from the same committee,
reported adversely on the petition of citizen pris-
oners confined in* southern prisons; which was
laid on the table.
B. C. FERN ALP.
Mr. SCHENCK also, from the same commit-
tee, reported adversely on the petition of B. C,
Fernald, executor of William Richardson, for the
bounty to which said Richardson was entitled;
and the same was laid on the table.
PAY OP ARMY OFFICERS.
Mr. SCHENCK also, from the same commit-
tee, reported adversely on the petition of certain
officers of the Army for increase of pay; which
was laid on the table.
MAIL FACILITIES.
On motion of Mr. SCHENCK, the Committee
on Military Affairs was discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the petition of sundry citi-
zens of Philadelphia for increased mail facilities
between Washington and New-York; -and the
same was referred to the select committee on rail-
roads from New York to Washington.
METROPOLITAN RAILROAD COMPANY.
Mr. WHEELER moved that the House insist
on its amendments to the Metropolitan railroad
bill, and agree to the conference asked by the
Senate on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on said bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the Speaker
appointed Messrs. Wheeler, Blaine, and Pat-
terson the committee of conference on the part
of the House.
MARY KELLOGG.
Mr. SCHENCK, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, reported a joint resolution for the
relief of Mary Kellogg; which was read a first
and second time.
The joint resolution provides that the name of
Spencer Kellogg be entered upon the rolls of the
Navy Department with the rank of fourth mas-
ter, to date from June, 1862, and that Mary Kel-
logg, his widow, be put upon the pension roll
with the pension incident to the rank of her de-
ceased husband, and authorizes and directs the
proper accounting officers of the Treasury to set-
tle and adjust the accounts of the said Spencer
Kellogg as first lieutenant of infantry from the
14th of September, 1861, to the 20th of October,
1861, and his accounts as fourth master in the
Navy from the 1st day of August, 1862', to the
25th of September, 1863, the date of the execu-
tion of said Kellogg at Richmond, Virginia, by
the rebels, and to pay any money due him to his
widow.
Thejointresolution wasordcred tobeengroesed
and read a third time; and being engrossed.it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was p9esed;and
also moved to lay the motion to rcconsider on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PAY OF TROOPS NOT MUSTERED IN.
On motion of Mr. SCHENCK, the Committee
on Military Affairs was discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of a resolution of the House
instructing said committee to inquire into the ex-
pediency of reporting a bill to pay officers and
soldiers in the service who have not been mus-
tered in, and the same was laid on the table.
CHARLES 1C. DEAN.
On motion of Mr. SCHENCK, the Committee
on Military Affairs was discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the memorial of Charles K.
Dean for relief, and the same was laid on the
table.
EXAMINATION OF ARMY OFFICERS.
Mr. SCHENCK, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, reported back, with sundry amend-
ments, bill of the Senate No. 85, to provide for
the examination of certain officers of the Army.
The amendments were agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed, and also moved to
lay the motio'n to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PAY OF PAYMASTERS, ETC.
Mr. SCHENCK, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill to regulate the pay of paymasters
and military storekeepers of ordnance, which
was read a first and second time.
The bill provides that paymasters and military
storekeepers of ordnance shall have the rank,
pay, and emoluments of a captain of ordnance,
but without command.
Mr: FARNSWORTH. I wish to inquire of
the gentleman from Ohio how much this bill will
increase the pay of storekeepers of ordnance.
Mr. SCHENCK. Very slightly. Paymasters
in the Army have the rank of major. These
men handle millions pf dollars of money, and it
is proposed that they shall only rank as captains.
They have given bonds, and this will only increase
their pay about four dollars a month.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed. -'
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to f
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BARDSTOWN TURNPIKE COMPANY.
Mr, SCHENCK, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, reported a bill for the benefit of the
Louisville and Bardstown Turnpike Company;
which was read a first and second time.
The bill was read at lengtlj,
Mr. HOLMAN. I do not desire to raise a
question of order upon this bill, but I desire to
know what is the amount of this claim. I did not
understand that there was any amount stated.
Mr. SCHENCK.. The amount of the claim
is among the papers and will be found in a mo-
ment. It is for two bridges over Salt river and
Floyd's fork, which were destroyed by order of
General Nelson, then in command of the United
States troops in that district.
Mr. HOLMAN. From the readingof the bill
there does not seem to be any limitation upon the
amount except the discretion of the Quarter-
master General.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I raise the
question of order that this bill makes an appro-
priation, and-must be first considered in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask the gentleman from
Illinois if he will not withhold that question of
order until I can make a brief explanation.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will hear
the gentleman's explanation in Committee of the
Whole where I can reply to him.
Mr. MALLORY If the gentleman from Illi-
nois will withdraw his question of order until he
can hear an explanation, 1 can assure him that he
will have no doubt of its justice and propriety.
Perhups, however, that is the reason why he does
not want to hear it.
Mr. SCHENCK. It is certainly a very pe-
culiar case, and one which commends itself espe-
cially to the judgment of the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the ques-
tion of order, and the bill is therefore in Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
EFFICIENCY OF THE MEDICAL CORPS.
Mr. SCHENCK, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, reported a bill to inciease the effi-
ciency of the medical corps of the Army; which
was read a first and second time.
The bill was read. It provides that the medi-
cal director of an army in the field consisting of
two Army corps or more, or of a medical depot
in which there is a United States general hospital
having four thousand beds or more, shall have the
rank and pay of a colonel of cavalry. Also, that
medical directors of United Slates general hos-
pitals of less than four thousand beds slialljiave
the rank and pay of a lieutenant colonel of cav-
alry. These appointments to be made, two thirds
of them from the surgeons and assistant surgeons
of volunteers, and to continue in such rftnk and re-
ceive such pay only while holdingsuch positions.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed, and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. SCHENCK moved'to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved U
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motio'n was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will state that there are
other matters of importance which I desire to re-
port from the Military Committee. I, however,
at the request of my colleague [Mr. Garfield]
will yield to him, hoping thathewill not wander
off so as to consume too much of the day.
WILLIAM ROLLMAN.
Mr. GARFIELD. I am instructed by the
Military Committee to report back the petition
of William Rollman, of Baltimore, Maryland, for
compensation for property destroyed by United
States troops. The committee do not report upon
the merits of the case for or against it. They are
