1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
141
I want to see the draft fall upon some places where
they do not choose to support the Government.
If they will not go let them pay, and let us get
men that will fight for them. That you cannot do
under any volunteer service. I say let us have
both. 1 am neither in favor entirely of the vol-
unteer service, nor entirely in favor of the draft.
Let us have both. Let those who will, volunteer,
and if we want more men, let the rest of the com-
munity be made to come up and render their ser-
vice.
But there are a great many cases of hardship;
men may be drafted who cannotgo. It may not be
entirely easy to find a substitute. There should
be some measure provided for that. I think the
Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cowan,] at the
last session told us of some very hard cases in his
own State, and I think they had effectin inducing
the Senate to adopt this provision. There will
always be such cases,and we ought to retain this
clause, in my judgment, for that very purpose, in
order to show to the country that while men shall
go into the service, and while we enforce the draft
time after time, until we get men enough, we will
provide for those cases, and let off those whose
circumstances are such that they cannotgo. 1 am
against the provision of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, because it uproots entirely the system
.of substitutes. I am against it in another view:
that a man pays his tax on his income under the
revenue act; he is once assessed there. He is now
called for his personal service. That is what the
Government wants. If he cannot give his per-
sonal service, let him get somebody to act for him,
not compel him to pay two taxes, according to
his income. X do not believe—I do not undei take
to say, of course—that we can do better than to
retain this provision of the bill of last year.
Mr. POMEROY. I would suggest to the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts that the first provision
of his amendment seems to conflict with the spiiit
of the amendment itself. That provision is," that
no drafted person shall be allowed to furnish a
substitute." That seems to me to be m conflict
not only with the law we have always had, but
with the very spirit of the amendment itself. As
this is an amendment to an amendment, I cannot
move an amendment to it; but 1 wish to suggest
that, although I think there is something popular
in the amendment of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, this first clause, that a drafted person
shall not be allowed to furnish a substitute, must
be very unpopular. If the Senator will accept a
suggestion from me, 1 think it would be popular
to say that every drafted person shall be allowed
cither to furnish a substitute or to pay the money.
Mr. SUMNER. Veiy well.
Mr. POMEROY. I think it is against the spirit
in which wc are prosecuting this war, to enact
into a law that a man shall not furnish a substi-
tute. Some patriotic men whom I know of being
drafted, and feeling that they wanted to serve the
country, but knowing that there were others m
the community who could do so vastly better than
themselves, have paid as much as §1,000 for the
sake of having a man to stand in their place who
could do better than they could. 1 would not
enact into a law a provision that a man shall not
furnish a substitute.
Mr. CLARK. If the Senator will pardon me,
I will suggest that I have drawn an amendment
by which a man, whatever his age, whether lia-
ble or not, may be allowed first to volunteer, have
that pride, and then put in a substitute.
Mr. POA1ER.OY. I did not know what the
Senator might have prepared; I was only speak-
ing of what we have got before us. I think it will
do veiy well to say that a man may either furnish
a substitute or pay $300, and then it will be pop-
ular to say that if he has wealth he may pay even
more than ^300 by an assessment upon his income.
The fact winch the Senator fi om New Hampshiie
suggests, that a man is once taxed three per cent,
on his income, does not alter the case. Who ever
gets oil' with one tax in the year? If we do not
have to pay five in a year, 1 think we may con-
sider ourselves foitunate. It is no hardship to a
man who has an income of £l25,000 to pay §300.
That is no tax to hnn; but if he first pays the ^300,
provided he does not choose to get a substitute,
and then pays ten pei cent, on his income in ad-
dition to his regular tax of three per cent., and in i
addition to all the other taxes, I think the measure
will be popular in some quarters at least. I do
not say that that would be altogether right; I
would not advocate that as a measure of justice;
butif our object is simply to popularize this thing,
I would say, let every man drafted either furnish
a substitute or pay $300, or more if he is able to
pay more. I have no objection, of course, to his
volunteering. Pie hasthatrightwithoutanylaw.
You need not pass any law that a man may vol-
unteer.
Mr. SUMNER. I am very much obliged to
the Senator from Kansas for the suggestion that
he has made. I stated, iu the few remarks which
I made in presenting this question, that I had in-
tioduced that first proposition because it seemed
to me perhaps important to the completeness of
the whole proposition; but I ceitainly have no
particular attachment to the first proposition. I
said that I regarded it as simply subordinate to
the main idea. My desire is to ingraft upon the
bill the idea that the rich man, if drafted, shall
pay more than the poor man. That is all that I
want to carry in connection with this amendment.
All the rest I regard as subordinate, and theiefore
I gladly adopt the suggestion of the Senator from
Kansas, supported, as it has been,^by the sug-
gestions of many Senatoi s about me. I will there-
fore modify my proposition by striking out, in
the firstand second lines, the words, " no drafted
person shall be allowed to furnish a substitute,"
and using the words, " every drafted person." It
will then read, " that every drafted person shall
be dischaiged from the (haft on paying," &c.
That, then, will leave the provision with reference
to furnishing a substitute to stand on the existing
law, or the other provisions of this statute.
Mr. COLLAMER. Mr. President, I wish to
call the attention of the Senator to something
practical in relation to his amendment. The law
as it now stands is, that a drafted man may fur-
nish a substitute, or pay a certain sum, not exceed-
ing $300, " for the procuration of such substi-
tute." When the money is paid in, as it is said
it was under the last draft to the amount of about
twelve million dollars^ the power of the Execu-
tive, of the Government, to use that money m
procuring men to take the place of those drafted,
is all contained in the words I have mentioned.
We have no other law for it. The Government
have offered to pay $300 for men who enlist for
three years. They have done it without any
other law than the one I have mentioned. They
had in their hands the amount of about twelve
million dollars, which had been paid in for the
procuration of substitutes. Of course it was their
right and it was their duty to use the money for
that purpose.
This proposed amendment repeals all the law
inconsistent with the section now offet ed ; and this
proposition is, that evei y man who is dt afted may
be discharged upon procuring a substitute, or
paying the money os provided in this section. It
does not say that when lie has paid the money it
shall be for procuring a substitute for him. It
therefore will not be money m the hands of the
Department which they would be authorized to
use in procuring people in place of the men who
have paid it in. The existing law does piovide
that the money shall be used for the procuration
of substitutes; this dues not.
Mr. SUMNER. This would fall under the
«veneral provision of the statute, I take it.
° Mr. COLLAMER. Put you repeal that part
of the law by this. This supersedes altogether
that portion of the existing law in relation to fur-
nishing money to procure substitutes. You say
the man shall be discharged if he will pay so
much money; but what for?
Mr. SUMNER. lie pays the money to an
officer designated by the Secretary of War. Those
aie the very words of the old statute.
Mr. COI^LAMER. Yes*; but the wordsof the
old statute also weie that the money should be
pan! m for the procuration of substitutes.
Mr. SUMNER.. I think the designation is the
same. I had that statute before me when I drew
the amendment.
Mr. COLLAMER. That was the gicat point
m the case, " for the procuration of such substi-
tute." I think those are the very words.
Mr. SUMNER. I see now that the Senatoi is .
right. _ t I
"Mi. COLLAMER. I did notintend, in calling
attention to this matter, to say any thingabout the j
merits of the amendment, because, perhaps, the j
Senator may amend it, but I wish to make some
remaiks about the $300 clause.
I will say in the first place that I understood,
and I believe it was very generally understood in
the Senate, that the great object of putting in that
limitation for commutation was for the benefit of
men of moderate circumstanccs, to enable them if
they pleased to pay a sum of money for which
we believed substitutes might he procured. Fur-
ther, it was with a view to fix a limit to the price
of substitutes in the market, that it should not go
above that, because if the Government would take
$300 to procure substitutes with, nobody would
give any more in the market, and the Government
could give no more, but would get them for that.
That was the object.
Now it is suggested that that provision has in
some measure defeated or prevented our obtaining
by the draft the number of men which it has been
expected would be obtained. I do not think so.
It is true the draft did not result in bringing into
the field so many effective men as had been hoped
for, but it is not attributable to this cause. Let
me state some of the causes to which it is attribu-
table.
In the first place, somebody made out a sched-
ule of infirmities foi which a man was to be ex-
cluded as being an infirm man, not of sufficient
physical ability. Oil reading it over it looked to
me as if some one had undertaken to show what
he knew of the most recent medical learning, by
finding out all the piobable infirmities to which
the human frame could be subject, and especially
all the most modernly invented diseases, or atany
rate those for which new names had been invented.
In short, very few men were to be found who
could escape falling within some one or other of
the various calls for infhmities, unless indeed it
might be the man who could not find anything
else, and said at last that he was very much sub-
ject to measles and wanted to be excused. [Laugh-
tcr.]
An unexpectedly large number were excused
under that. In the next place, it was found that
a very large proportion or our able-bodied young
men were dependent on their parents for support;
[laughter;] and, what was worse than that, it was
asccr'ained that the parents were dependent upon
them. [Laughter.] Nobody had ever found it
out before particularly; but there was a large part
of these poor dependent young men dependent
on their parents for support, and they siiowed
somehow or other that their parents were depend-
ent on them for support. That was worse yet.
This was a very unexpected condition of things,
and very large numbeis got off on that plea. Be-
tween the infirmities of body and the infirmities
of parents and children and then lelative depend-
ent condition, which came within the act, the
number who were obtained under the act was
comparatively few.
There was one other thing, however. Among
the various decisions about the effect of the $300
clause, it was holden at one time—at least it was
so understood in my part of the country—that if
a man was examined and found to be physically
able, he could not after that pay the money or
furnish a substitute.
Air. JOHNSON. Was that decision made in
your State?
Air. COLLAMER. It was said to be a decis-
ion made here by the head of the Department,
and it stood for some time.
Air. WILSON. It was corrected very soon.
Mr. COLLAMER. There was such a decis-
ion; but I know common sense finally prevailed
and it was reversed. In the next place, somehow or
other it was given out that the paying of the §300
was not to have precisely the same effect as the
furnishing of a substitute. When the statute said
that if a man furnished a substitute, or paid a sum
of money for the procuration of a substitute, he
should be released, 1 am sure I cannot conecive
what is the difference. One man procures his sub-
stitute, another pays the money to procurc a sub-
stitute, and the Government takes it for that pur-
pose. Does he not procure a substitute through
the instrumentality of the Government with his
money piecisely as was stipulated?
Butagam, how on eai th could wegetalong with
any notion of that kind? The Government took
the money which the men paid m for commuta-
tion, and immediately employed other men with
it. That was right; it was what they should do;
