1188
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 18,
excluding emigration, degrading labor, and im-
poverishing the soil, will very; soon be expelled.
The cry which already comes up from these lands
is for free laborers. If we offer them free home-
steads, and protect their rights, they will come.
John Bright, in a recent speech at Birmingham,
estimates that within the past year one hundred
and fifty thousand people have sailed from Eng-
land to New York. Let it be settled that slavery
is dead, and that the estates of traitors in the
South can be had under the provisions of the,
homestead law, and foreign emigration will be
quadrupled, if not augmented tenfold. Millions
in the Old World, hungering and thirsting after.,
the righteousness of free institutions, will flock
to the sunny South, and mingle there with the
swarms ofour own people in pursuit of new homes
under kindlier skies. Immigration has not slack-
ened* even during this war, afld in determining
the direction it will take it must be remembered
that settlements have very nearly reached their
limits in the North and West. Kansas and Ne-
braska are border States, and must so continue.
Their storms and droughts and desert plains give
a pretty distinct hint that the emigrant must seek
his Eldorado in latitudes further south. In the
new northwestern States the richest lands have
been purchased, and vast portions of them locked
up by speculators. Their distance fiom the great
markets for their produce and their severe winters
will also check emigration in that direction, and
incline it further south, if lands ean be procured
there with tolerable facility. The rebel States
not only abound in cheap and fertile land, with
cheap labor in the persons of the fracdmen to
assist in hs cultivation, but they possess great
mineral resources. They have also extensive
lines of railroads, which, in connection with their
great rivers, bring almost every portion of their
territory into communication with the sea.
Mr. Speaker, nothing can atone for the woes and
sorrows of this war but the thorough reorganiza-
tion of society in these revolted States. Now is
the time to begin this work. We must not only
cut up slavery, root and branch, but we must see
to it that these teeming regions shall be studded
over with small farms and tilled by freemen. We
must remember that 14 the best way to help the
poor is to enable thetotohelp themselves." We
must guaid the equal rights of Lhe people as a re-
ligious duty, for "Christianity is the root of all
democracy, the highest fact in the rights of man."
Labor must be rendered honorable and gainful,
by securing to the laborer the fruits of Ins toil.
Instead of the spirit of Caste and the law of Hate
which have so long blasted these regions, we must
build up homogeneous communities, in which the
interest of each will he recognized as the interest
of all. Instead of an overshadowing aristocracy,
founded on the monopoly of the soii, and its do-
minion over the poor, we must have no order of
nobility but that of the laboring masses of the
country, who light its battles in war and consti-
tute its glory and its strength in peace. Instead of
large estates, widely scattered settlements, waste-
ful agriculture, popular ignorance, political and
social degradation, the decay of literature, the de-
cline of manufactures and the arts, contempt for
honest labor, and a pampered aristocracy, we
must ha\e small farms, closely associated com-
munities, thrifty tillage, free schools, social inde-
pendence, a healthy hteratuie, flourishing manu-
factures and mechanic aits, respect for honest
labor, and equality of political rights. These ends,
to a great extent, are provided for by the bill I
have introduced, and no measure of more vital
interest to the people has ever been submitted to
the Congress of the United States. I voted for
the bill which lias passed this House providing
for a Bureau of Emancipation, but I must regard
this measure as a far better " freedman's bill "
than that of my honoiable fiiend from Massachu-
setts, for it provides fur the emancipation of all
races, and the freedom of labor itself. These re-
gions, blighted by treason, must be cared for, or
abandoned, by the Gcneia! Government- The
Heaven-daring conspiiacy of rebels in arms has
placed them, or will place them, pt our feet. Shall
we hand them over to the speculator, m the hope
of thereby securing a revenue to pay our national
debt? I have shown that the true source of rev-
enue is the cultivation of the soil. The future of
these rebellious States, involving the well-being
of millions for generations to come, is now com-
mitted to our hands. We can reenact over them
the political and social damnation of the past, or
predestinate them to the blessedness and glory
of a grand and ever-unfolding future. We can
build up a magnificent constellation of free com-
monwealths, whose territory can support a pop-
ulation of more than one hundred millions, on the
basis of free labor and a just distribution of land
among the people, or we can again organize so-
ciety after the pattern of Europe, and thus spare
the hideous cancer, which, in the words of Cha-
teaubriand, " has gnawed social order since the
beginning of the world.M Can we hesitate in
dealing with so fearful an alternative? Shall we
mock the Almighty by sporting with the Heaven-
permitted privilege now placed before us? Shall
i we heap curses on our children, when blessings
are within our grasp? Sir, let us piove ourselves
worthy of our day and of our work. Let us rise
to the full height of oursublime opportunity, and
thus make ourselves, under Providence, the cre-
ators of a new dispensation of liberty and peace.
Then, in the eloquentlanguage of Solicitor Whit-
ing, " the hills and valleys of the South, purified
and purged of all the guilt of the past, clothed with
a new and richer verdure, wili lift up their voices
in thanksgivingto the Author of all good, who has
granted to them, amid the agonies of civil war, a
new biith and a glorious transfiguration. Then
the people of the North and the people of the South
will again become one people, united in interests,
in pursuits, in intelligence, in religion, and in pa-
triotic devotion to our common country."
As regards the particular provisions of the bill
before us, I need not occupy much of the time of
this House. .It has been printed, and gentlemen
have had the opportunity of examining it for
themselves. It has been prepared with much
care, and with the assistance of some of the best
lawyers in the Union. The first and second sec-
tions of the bill provide the methods by which the
title of rebel landowners shall vest in the United
States under the acts of Congress now in force on
the subject of confiscation and revenue. I shall
not discuss the power of the Government thus to
acquire the title to this land, foritcannot be con-
troverted without overturning all the legislation
of the last Congress on the subject of confiscation,
internal revenue, and the collection of taxes in
insurrectionary districts. I have, in fact, already
argued the question of power, in what I have said
of our relations to the rubols as belligerents.
The third section provides for the survey of
the lands in question as nearly as may he in forty-
acre lots. This is deemed necessary from the
fact that in several of the insurrectionary districts
the old system of irregular surveys exists, and not
the present or rectangular system. The section
also provides for the appointment of necessary
o dicers and their compensation, and contemplates
the application and use of the machinery of the
Genet al Land Office within such districts.
The fourth section gives a homestead of eighty
acres to all soldiers who shall have served m the
Army or Navy two years, and forty acres to all
persons who shall have aided in the military ser-
vice against the rebels for any period of time,
either as soldiers or laboiers. It also extends the
provisions of the homestead act of lb6;2over these
i lands, and thus avoids any new and cumbersome
regulations, and cxacts a continuous residence of
five years to consummate the title.
The fifth section provides that after keeping the
lands open for homesteads for five years, those
remaining vacant shall be sold at public sale. It
prohibits the sacrifice of them by fixing a mini-
mum price, which they must bring. It also re-
quires the purchaser to comply with the preemp-
tion act of 3841, prior to his receiving a patent,
thus demanding a residence on the land, and pre-
cluding an accumulation of it in the hands of spec-
ulators. These sah'guaul.s look to the benefit of
the mass, and not the interests of a few, even after
j homesteads have been selected. This section also
provides that proof of loyalty shall be made by
all persons claiming rights under the bill.
The sixth section, as will be seen, requires no
comment. Theseventh requires persons selecting
improved lands to pay for whatever may be found
of value on them, after an appraisement by per-
sons regularly appointed for the purpose, and to
' pay the costs created by the proceeding. The
effect will be that the expenses created by the act
will be paid into theTreasury of the United States,
and may exceed the expenditures which will be
connected with its operations.
The eighth section establishes an obviously just
if not a necessary rule of construction as toper-
sonsof color,giving them equal rights with white
men, and extends the inchoate lights of a settler
to his heirs, or widow, who may complete pay-
ments and make proof.
The ninth section places the execution of the
act in the Department of the Interior, or that more
immediately connected with theland system; and
the last section repeals all laws inconsistent with
the provisions of the act. I will only add that the
act has nothing to do with real estate in towns,
cities, and villages, which will, of course, con-
tinue to be sold as heretofore.
These, Mr. Speaker, are the material provis-
ions of the bill. They embody principles which
I have endeavored to vindicate, by argument and
by fact. If I am right, then every moment of
delay is a golden opportunity wasted forever.
Under the present policy of the Government every
passing day bears witness to the transfer of thou-
sands of acres of forfeited lands to speculators.
According to Judge'Underwood, more than two
hundred million dollars worth of property m the
State of Virginia, chiefly real estate, should bo
confiscated by the Government. Thousands of
acres are now being sold in the vicinity of this
city. In September last the President of the Uni-
ted States issued instructions to the tax com-
missioners of South Carolina, providing for tho
sale of 40,845 acres, of which 24,316 acres were
to be sold to the highest bidder, in tracts of 320
acres. The remainder was to be sold to the heads
of African families, for such sums, not less than
$1 25, as the Government should see fit to de-
mand. These sales are portions of a lot of 76,775
acres offered on the 9th of lastMarch, when 16,479
acres wore sold to speculators; making an aggre-
gate of 40,705 acres which will have been sold in
large tracts, leaving for the negro only 16,479
acres, which he may buyy if he can raise the money
to pay the price fixed by the Government. Sucn
transactions as these, in Port Royal, where so
much has been hoped for the freedman, are most
significant. If any people have a divine right to
these tropical lands, they are the slaves who have
bought them, over and over, by their sweat and
toil and blood, through centuries "of oppression.
Degraded and imbruited by servitude, mere chil-
dren in knowledge and self help, we require them
to compete for their homesteads with the sharp-
ened faculties of the white speculator, schooled
in avarice by generations of money getting, who
believes that the almighty dollar is the only living
and true God, and would "run into the mouth
of hell after a bale of cotton."
Sir, our Government is false to its trust, infidel
to its mission, if it shall lend its high sanction to
such wanton injustice and wrong. Had I the
power, I would give a free home on the forfeited
iand of rebels to every bondman in the insurrec-
tionary districts. Let the Government, at least,
give him an equal chance with our own race in
the settlement and enjoyment of his native land.
Less than this would be a mockery of justice and
an insult both to decency and humanity. He is
excluded from the northern States and Territo-
ries by their uncongenial climate, by his attach-
ment to_ his birth-place, and by Anglo-Saxon
domination and enterprise. Let the Government,
which has so long connived at his oppression,
now make sure to him a free homestead on the
land of his oppressor. Letus deal justly with the
African, and thereby lay claim to 'justice forour-
selves. Let us remember, in the language ofour
patriotic Chief Magistrate, that "we cannot es-
cape history. We of this Congress and ihis
Aumimstration will be lemembered in spite of
ourselves. No personal significance or insignifi-
cance can spare one or another of us. The fieiy
trial through which we pass will light us down,
in honor or dishonor, to the latest generation. In
gi cing freedom to the slave, we assure freedom to
the free; honorable alike in what we give and
what we preserve. We shall nobly save or
meanly lose the last best hope of earth. Oihpr
means may succeed; this could not fail. The way
n* plain, peaceful, generous, just—-a way which,
if followed, the world will forever applaud, and
God must forever bless."
I now withdraw my amendment, and demand
the previous question.
