3140
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 21,
Sf the opinion tiiatin the present condition of the
country they cannot pay cjaims of this character.
I move that the petition be laid on the table, and
the committee discharged from its further con-
sideration.
The motion was agreed to.
BERKS COUNTY ENROLMENT.
Mr. GARFIELD. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs to report back the pe-
tition of citizens of Berks county, Pennsylvania,
asking compensation for the enroling officers and
their clerks for their services in that county. The
substantive matter of the petition has been at-
tended to to the satisfaction of the petitioners, I
ntove to lay it on the table, and that the committee
be discharged from its farther consideration.
The motion was agreed to.
ISAAC HALLSN,
Mr, GARFIELD. I am instructed also by the
committee to report back the petition of Isaac
Halien, sergeant major of the Fourteenth Illinois
cavalry, asking further compensation. I move that
it be [aid on the table and the committee dis-
charged from its further consideration.
The motion was agreed to:
TIIOMAS F, BAYLEY,
Mr. GARFIELD. The committee also in-
struct me to report back (he memorial of Colonel
Thomas Bayley, of the United States volunteers,
with the recommendation that it be laid on the
table and the committee discharged from its fur-
tner consideration.
'The motion was agreed to.
ENROLLMENT ACT.
Mr. GARFIELD. I am instructed also by the
committee to report back the joint resolutions of
the Legislature of tlfc State of Michigan askin°-
an amendment in the enrollment act. The matter
of the resolutions having been acted on in the
enrollment not, I move that they be laid on the
table and the committee discharged from their
further consideration.
VOLUNTEERS IN THE MEXICAN WAR.
Mr. GARFIELD. I am also instructed to re-
port adversely upon the petition of Ohio volun-
teers in the Mexican war, asking for compensa-
tion. I move that the papers 111 the case be Jan! on
the table, and the accompanying report be printed.
xfie motion was agreed to.
NATHAN S. M1INTON.
Mr. GARFIELD. I am also instructed to re-
port a joint lesolution for the relief of Major Na-
than S. Kunton, a paymaster. I will state briefly
the circumstances on which the resolution is
based. I his paymaster sailed, under the direc-
tion of the Government of the United States, in
the steamer Ruth, with §2,000,000 in his posses-
sion . I he steamer was burned eight miles below
Cairo, Illinois, lhe Secretary of Ihe Treasury
sent a special agent to the scene of the disaster-
the wieclc was c.aiefully examined; all the frag-
ments ot notes that could possibly be found we?e
obtained by the means of divers; a guard was
placed there until the wreck was thoroughly
searched; and finally, to make the destruction
complete, the hull was blown up. The testimony
is complete and satisfactory, as appeals in the pa-
pers submitted to the Committee on Military Al-
lans, that tiie money was actually destroyed No
injury will accrue to the Government by the mis-
sage of this resolution, for this money was en-
tirely destroyed.
There were several iron safes on boaid the
steamer when she sank. The money in those
safes was not entirely destroyed, but it belonged
to other parties The mone^which Paymaster
Hi inton had in his possession was contained in
three wooden boxes which were placed upon the
Hiev'Vlfi'l ""] e" l'16 stc.a,nor Was burned
they fell th.ough upon the coal and were entirely
and completely destroyed.
The evidence on all of these points is dear and
satis,ac-ory. I his paymaster is charged w.tli
tf>o money and the ponding joint resolution is
subm.t.ed by the Military Committee and asked
to be acted nn for the-purpose of placing the
amount destroyed to his credit. A report was
made to the War Department on the subject, and
approved by the Secretary, relieving this pay-
master from all blame.
_Mr. LE BLOND. I do not think that this
joint resolution ought to pass at this time, and I
therefore move that it be laid on the table.
Mr. GARFIELD. I do not yield for that mo-
tion. If there be any question in regard to the
facts I will be glad to answer it.
Mr. BOUTWELL. As I understand the joint
resolution, it merely proposes to credit this pay-
master with this amount of money which is
charged against him, and which it has been proved
has been entirely destroyed. If there is no impu-
tation against his honesty I do not see why that
should not be done.
Mr. STEVENS. I know that the Department,
would willingly credit this amount to tin's pay-
master, but they have not the power to do so.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Was not some
of this money recovered ?
Mr. GARFIELD. Some iron safes were upon
the steamer belonging to other parties, and some of
their contents were recovered. The money which
was in wooden boxes belonged to Brinton. They
and their contents were destroyed.
Mr. WASHEURNE, of Illinois. Did the court
of inquiry, of which Major General H^nnter was
president, report that this money was destroyed?
Mr. GARFIELD. It did. The report of the
special agent also shows that it was destroyed
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. What will
be the effect?
Mr. GARFIELD. Major Brinton has receipted
for and is charged with 600,000, and this joint
resolution simply proposes to put this amount to
his credit, as it has been entirely destroyed.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Has the evidence in the
case been reported ?
Mr. GARFIELD. It has been fully presented
to the committee.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Has it been printed ?
Mr. GARFIELD. The report of the court of
inquiry has been printed, and in the report of
that court, ot which Major General Hunter was
piesident, this paymaster is fully relieved from
all blame.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Has that been reported to
the House?
Mr. GARFIELD. I have just now submit-
ted it.
Mr. SWEAT. At what.time does the testi-
mony show that this fire occurred?
Mr. GARFIELD. Before light, on the morn-
ing of the 5th of August.
Mr. S WEAT. DoWs the testimony show that
any person or persons were in ehaige of these
boxes when the fire occuired?
Mr. GARFIELD. There was a guard of
thirty soldiers over the safes and boxes all the
time. Five sol/hers wore burned.
Mr. HOLMAN. Was Major Brinton on
board ?
Mo GARFIELD. He was, and barely escaped
with his life. An effort was made to save these
boxes, and four or five soldiers were so badly
burned that they afterwards died. The fire was
not discovered until it had made great headway
and buist outthiough the cabin wheie the boxes
were. The fire enveloped the boxes so mpidly
that they could not be got out, and five soldiers
lost thfir hy<\s in attempt Co do so.
Mr. LE BLOND. If my colleague will yield
to me,'( will make a motion to postpone this bill
until the next session.
Air. G ALU ELD. I cannot yield for such a
motion.
Mr. LR BLOND. I do it for this reason: the
evidence lias not been printed, and we do not
understand the facts connected with this case
fully, as has been disclosed upon the examination
made by the militaiy authorities. Under such
circumstances we cannot understandingly vote
upon the proposition. While we do not wish to
kill the bill, we do not wish to vote to cancel that
large claim against this individual if it is not
 V...., um.wuuui t-L lb IS UUl
proper that it shouid be done, if it is proper it
should be done then wc will vote for the bill
when the proper time comes, atid we have an op-
portunity to examine it. I think the course 1
propose would be the prudent and wise one to
pursue in this matter. If my colleague wdl yield to
me I will move for a postponement for that rea-
son alone; otherwise I shall move at the oroper
time to lay the bill on the table.
Mr. GARFIELD. If there was any reasonable
douot of the justness of this case in the-mind of
any person who has examined it, I would ogre!
to the request of my colleague. But there is not;
and I am sure, if my colleague would read the re-
port, all doubt would be removed from his mind.
I demand the previous question.
Mr. NOBLE. I desn-e to ask my colleague a
question.
Mr. GARFIELD. There are three other gen-
tlemen asking the same thing, and I cannot yield.
Mr. NOBLE. I appeal to my colleague to al-
low me to ask a question in reference to the evi-
dence.
Mr. GARFIELD. We have so many other
things on hand that I cannot yield.
Mr. NOBLE._ We are voting in the dark.
Mr. STEVENS called for tellers on seconding
the previous question.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Garfield and
Mr. Le Blond were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 45, noes G2.
So the House refused to second the previous
question.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to postpone the bill
until the second Tuesday of December, and that
in the mean time the testimony of the eourt-mar-
, tial be printed with the bill.
Mr. STEVEN'S. I hope it will not be post-
poned. It ought not to be postponed, because in
the mean time this charge embarrasses the officer.
He has held over him a charge on the books of
the Department to the .amount of §2,000,000,
when the clear statement of the commission sent
on by the Department shows that this property
was on board at the time of the burning, and was
entirely destroyed.
Mr. HOLMAN. Irise to a question of order.
Debate is not in order.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read from
Barclay s Digest, page 134.
The Clerk read, as follows:
"The motion to postpone, under tlie practice, admits of
but a very limited dcliate."
The SPEAKER. The debate must be con-
fined to the propiiety of postponing, and must
not extend to the merits of the bill.
Mr. WILSON. Will it be in order to move
to R-fer the bill to the Committee of the Whole
House upon the Private Calendar?
Hie SPEAKER. The motion to postpone
takes precedence of a motion to refer.
Mr. WILSON. I propose to make the motion
so that the report may be printed, and we may
leach the case this session.
The SPEAKER. Thatmotion will be reserved
until the motion to postpone is decidcd.
Mr. SFEVENS. On the motion to postpone
i have a word to say. Here is a man against
whom there is not the least whisper of suspicion
and yet he stands charged on the books of the
Department with $3,600,000 on account of an acci-
dent or casualty from which he narrowly escaped
with his life. The property has all been destroyed
and yetit stands charged against him. That em-
baucisses him and renders it impossible for him
to settle his accounts, while it is necessary for him
to proceed with his duties, if he remains in the
service at all. If he is not entitled to this allow-
ance, say so. If he is entitled to it give him the
relief at this time. 1 trust this great injustice will
not be done^to this very honest man.
Mr. ARNOLD. I desire simply to say that if
wp had all had tne opportunity which the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania has had of examining
this case, we might have come to the same con-
ri0n no,PUt 1 US ,1S a hrSe SLm of money—
&~,bj0,000—and what I desire is that the evi-
dence wbicji has brought the gentleman to the
conclusion at wnich he has arrived shall be
pun.ea, so that we may all see it and voteintolh-
!'i' .I'im!!1"51"'11" vote to cre<iit any man
wtili j),,bdu,000 without having an- opportunity
o examine the evidence. I am, therefore, ill
avor or tne motion of the gentleaan from Iowa,
L J I'- "ILsojj,] not to postpone this bill until
next session, but to refer it to the Committee of
toe Whole, so that the evidence can be printed
and examined, and then we can act upon it at this
session.
Mr. S i'EVENS. If "the gentleman will look
at tne pant-is in this case he will find that tho
printing will be a very laborious and voluminous
tiling. A commission from the War Depart-
ment has thoroughly examined the case ami vo-
