142
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 8,
it was what they had the money for. Now sup-
pose I am drafted to-day, and I pay down my
$300; my brother Clark is drafted at the same
time, and he pays it; my brother Fessenden is
drafted, and he pays it. The Government take
our money, and they hire substitutes; that is, they
hire men for §300. They have hired one man.
He is somebody's substitute—is he not? If he
is not anybody's substitute, they had no right to
hire him, for they had no right to use the money
for any other purpose. Whose substitute is he?
Evidently he is the substitute of any man who
has paid $300. And yet the idea was that the
Government could take the money for procuring
substitutes, actually procure them, and then put
in the man and draft him again.
Mr. JOHNSON. Do they hold that doctrine
now ?
Mr. COLLAMER.. Wo,sir, not exactly, but
it has never been formally reversed. It has now
been published by the Provost Marshal General
that by order of the President it is held that the
payment of the §300 has the same effect as the
furnishing of a substitute, but that has been re-
cently. While it was standing out as being in
son^e measure a different thing, what was the ef-
fect? I do not say but that the gentlemen who
gave that construction meant in suggesting to the
people "your paying $300 will not have the same
effect as getting a substitute," to encourage the
getting of substitutes. Possibly it might have been
intended for that; but the effect of it was that
wherever people labored under the impression that
it might not be the same tiling, instead of paying
the $300 they took that money and added more to
it and went into the market and procured substi-
tutes, and furnished them. The effect of that was
that the price of substitutes in the market was
driven above the §300. That measure of the Gov-
ernment has defeated the very policy of the law.
The policy of allowing the commutation money
was that the price of substitutes should not run
above that, because nobody need give more than
the Government. But because the people were
told that if they paid the money it might not have
the same effect as furnishing substitutes directly,
they went into the nuuket, gave higher prices for
substitutes, and ran them above the amount in-
tended to be limited by the bill, and then the Gov-
ernment could not get substitutes for §301),and it
had to pay that money m addition to the bounty
for an enlisted man, making §400.
I think the mode of udmimsteiing the law tended
very much to produce the effect that you did not
get men readily with the$300which persons were
permitted to pay in. If the people had been told
plainly and directly in the beginning that paying
the money or furnishing substitutes would be the
same in effect, they would not have given any
more, and the Government would not have given
any more tlinn $300 for a substitute.
Such, Mr. President, was the manner of the ex-
ecution of this law, and f cannot but (hither say
that 1 do not see why the law, even as it resulted
ill the draft, was any future nt all. What was
the amount of the druft? They proposed to draft
about one fifth of those enrolled. The Senator
from Indiana the other day gave us the numbers
as they were returned. 1 do not remember the
exact numbers; but that is not material. The
general result is that leaving out of view the ex-
emptions, of which I have already spoken, the
Govenimeiitgotsoriie twelve million dollars com-
mutation money, and between forty and 1'ifty thou-
sand men. Why (lid they not go on, then, and
draft another one filth, get forty thousand men
more and $12,000,000 moie; and in the mean time
why did they not use the $12,000,000 which they
had got from persons who paid the §300 each, for
the purpose of procuring substitutes? Why did
they not go on m this way ? Ifithad been done,
would it not have been effective? If it had been
as effective as the first draft, the result would have
been to bring all the men we wanted, and we should
not have to go through the whole five drafts to
obtain the number of men desired.
Such being my view of the case, I do not see
how gentlemen can say justly and truly that this
draft law is a failure, and that the experiment
made under it shows it to be such. It did not
show any such tiling.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator will also re-
mark that the draft was only enforced in some of
the States, not in all.
Mr. WTLSON. In twelve or thirteen.
Mr. COLLAMER. I thank the Senator from
Ohio for calling my attention to that matter. If
the draft had been made and pursued in all the
States, I think it would have been effective. I
think the experiment, so far as it has gone, speaks
loudly in praise of the men who formed and
framed that bill; and I cannot but think that to
those of us who approved it and voted for it, the
result of the draft shows the wisdom and efficiency
of it if it had been executed.
Such being my views, I have but a word more
to say about the $300 clause. It has been said by
some gentlemen, I observe it has been said by the
Senator from Indiana, that there are some people
who wanted to pay the $300 and could not pay it.
Well now, Mr. President, seriously and really,
suppose that $300 provision had not been in that
law, and a poor man had been drafted, would it
have helped him any ? He had to go, the Sena-
tor says; he could not get the $300. Would he
not have had to go if there had not been any $300
clause in the law? Certainly. Then how did it
hurt him? It did not hurt him at all.
But it is suggested that it let off a neighbor who
did pay the money. Indeed! Well, that is so
oidered in the direction of divine Piovidence. It
is said that man should eat his bread in the sweat
ofhis face, but there are agreat many menamong
us who own their farms, and never sweat their
faces at all. They hire their labor. Wealthy
men will do so. That is the ordering of divine
Providence; and because one man has to sweat at
the face to cultivate the land, while his neighbor
by his side does not, I do not see that the first has
any ground to be worried about it.
But I ask you, how are you going to get relief
from it m the way that is talked of? I do not mean
the particular way now before us for considera-
tion—but suppose you lepeal the $300 clause.
Why do you repeal it? Because a good many
people cannot get the advantage of it, and they
feel aggrieved at it. What is the effect of repeal-
ing it? In that event, we all agree that the price
of substitutes would be a thousand or two thou-
sand dollars. Then there would be a gieat deal
larger number who could not get off, because they
could not pay $2,000. Then you would add to
the number of aggrieved people by multiplying it
three or four scoie by repealing the clause. l\lo
not see how by any possibility anybody could be
lelleved by that.
In short, sir, without occupying further time,
I was content with that provision of the law as it
stood; and I am content to permit it to stand.
My own immediate neighborhood, perhaps,has
no personal mteiest init. lam informed that the
State of Vermont has already filled her quota
under the last callofthe President, and about two
hundred and seventy men over, without counting
two whole regiments in the field which have ic"-
enlisted. Though I have, theiefore, no personal
interest in it, I desire still that the clause should
stand, because it is right. I do not shrink from re-
pealing it because of the suggestion of the Senator
from New Hampshire—though I think his sug-
gestion is well founded—that by repealing it we
acknowledge that we were wrong in inserting it.
If we weie wrong, I am willing to own it; but I
must wait until I am convinced that it is wrong,
t am not so convinced.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. The argument of the
Senator from New Hampshire does not strike me
nt all that because I voted to strikooutthisprovis-
ion, I should vote to insert it again. Now, what
is our present legislation upon the subject? It
is just this: that the able bodied persons who
are deemed subject to draft by the board of en-
rollment shall either give personal service, hire
themselves a substitute, or pay $300 commuta-
tion in lieu of a substitute. By the provision of
the bill reported by the Military Committee, that
5)300 commutation exemption is proposed to be
stiickeu out. Now, what is the effect of that
§300 exemption in view of the present legislation
upon the subject? Under the provisions of that
bill, thirty-five thousand men paid their commu-
tation money, and received a certificate of entire
exemption for three years; and the conscription
law was enforced in but a small poition of the
States. If it had been enforced in all the States,
instead of thirty-five thousand men who have to-
day in their pockets certificates of exemption for
three years, we should have had seventy-five or
one hundred thousand men who wouldbave been
exempted under the operations of that law from
any draft for three years. That is the effectofit.
If thirty-five thousand are now exempted and ex-
empt for three years on the payment of $300, if
you enforce the conscription in all the loyal States,
at each return of the draft one hundred thousand
men may procure their exemption for three years.
The report of the Provost Marshal General will
show that we have less than half a million of men
to draw from. Then, if we have continual drafts,
and exempt at the end of.every draft one hundred
thousand men for three years, how long will you
have any basis to draw from ? You exempt these
men for three years upon the payment of $300.
That is one of the effects of this system.
Another is that under the conscription law the
Secretary of War was authorized to pay the
money obtained under the $300 clause in procur-
ing substitutes. That was the provision of the
law. He held that if the $300 commutation was
paid, he had a right to issue a certificate to the
man of exemption for three years. Whether itbe
the law or not, it was the order of the Secretary
of War upon which we have operated from that
day to this, and which we now propose to render
effectual by appropriating $20,000,000 to cover
the veiy bounties he has given under the pro-
vision of that law. That, I suppose, was the
proper construction of the law, that a man might
pay his $300 and get a certificate of exemption
for three years. If the war is to be prolonged, I
show you that at the end of two or three drafts
you will have no one that has not an exemption
certificate in his pocket, and you annihilate the
Army; and if the war is prolonged, whatever is
the result of this vote to-day, I tell you with perfect
and entire confidence that in less than six months
you will have to repeal the $300 exemption clause
or you will have no Army in the field, because,
instead of mending the matter, every time you
repeat the draft you but exempt more and more
men and leave less and less basis to draw your
armies from.
Gentlemen tell you that the conscription law
was ineffectual because it was not promptly en-
foced, and because the dose was not repeated until
it had the desired effect. You tried the draft in four
or five States, you exempted thirty-five thousand
men, gave them a certificate ofexemption for three
years, and if you had tried it in all the loyal States
the number exempted would have been much more,
and at every reluming draftaslong as you retain
the $300 clause you will have to exempt in the
same proportion. Then where will you get your
army from? Do you propose now, in the face of
the emergencies under which the country labors,
that after July next you shall have no armies in
the field?
Gentlemen say, only repeat the draft and the ef-
fect must follow. Only repeat the draftand exempt
thirty-five thousand men every time, and how long
will it be till you get to the end? You must look to
this thing squarely. It does seem to me in any
view of the case that the $300 exemption clause
should be repealed, and it'the war goes on the
substitute clause will be repealed also, and every
able-bodied man owing allegiance to theGovern-
ment, and a duty to defend the Government, will
have to go ill person to fight the battles of the
country. You will not only repeal the $300 ex-
emption clause in less than six months, but you
will also repeal the right to obtain substitutes, if
the war shall continue.
How does our legislation now proposed cor-
respond with the present order of the War De-
partment, which you propose to sanction by a
vote of the Senate, paying $20,000,000 to cover
these additional bounties? Just this, no more
and no less: the Government offers $300 bounty
to every raw recruit, if he will enter the Army,
and at the same time tells him that if he pay $300
he need not enter the Army at all. The Govern-
ment offers to every veteran soldier $400 bounty,
and at the same time says that if subject to draft
he may release himself on the payment of $300.
That is, upon one hand you propose to give $400
bounty, and in the other case you say the man
shall buy himself off, an exemption for three
years, by the payment of $300. What sense is
there, what practical common sense is there in
offering $400 bounty to a man to enter the Army,
and at the same time telling him he may buy his
exemption for ^300, $100 less ?
