1864.
THE CON"GKESSIOISTAL GLOBE,
2165
Mr. SMITHERS. My reply to my colleague
is brief and simple. 1 examined the testimony
in the Blair case sufficiently to satisfy myself thai
the vote in the Abbey pieeinet was illegal which
unseated Mr. Blair. Whether Knox should be
admitted depended upon the number of legal votes
cast by the Osteihaus brigade, which was to be
determined by a mere inspection of the muster
roils. In this I trusted to the examination and
computation of my colleague, [Mr. Dawes,] who
reported to me the result which 1 accepted and
acted on as true.
Mr. DAWES. I presume my friend was just
as well aware when he gave his vote jn the Blair
case, as when he gave his vote heie, that the
counsel in both coses had been witnesses,and the
only difference between the two is this: the Blair
case could not be decided without the testimony
of the counsel of the contestant, while in this case
the counsel of the contestant put in his affidavit
to show that he had been in certain counties after
testimony and had been driven out, and my friend
here undertakes to get oft* of his vote in the Blair
case by chaigmg it upon me. I tell my friend
that 1 do not take his vote in the Blair case any
more than I do this, and he is to stand upon his
own judgment in that case as much as in this.
Mr. SMITHERS. I do not desire to get off of
anything that I get on, generally, [laughter,] but
I am perfectly willing my friend should get off of
me, for his persistence will only lead to recrimin-
ation .
Mr. DAWES. I did not intend to mingle in
this debate.
The SPEAKER. The Chair doubts whether
this debate upon the Blair case is in oider.
Mr. SMITHERS. That was the point I was
about to make. I do not desire any controversy
with my colleague; and 1 infinitely prefer, if
agreeable to him, that he shall submit his remarks
after I close.
Mr. DAWES. I will say if the gentleman finds
it unpleasant to be reminded of an inconsistency,
I will not insist on interrupting him.
Mr. SMITHERS. In reply to that I have to
say that I am at all times willing to be reminded
of an inconsistency; butlam also atall times will-
ing to place the burden of that inconsistency upon
the shoulders of the gentleman who charged me
with it. If therefore inconsistent at all, it is be-
cause I am misled by the false light the gentleman
held out in the Blair case. I am not misled here.
1 will now proceed with the deposition of Silas
Puryenr, to show that under no circumstances or
contingency does it contain any thing whatsoever
which could justify this House in rejecting the
vote of the county of Atchison. What does he
say ?
Question. State whethei there was any lmer/erpnc<  by
any one vvuii said election ; and if so, pica-p stare what
wa« the rlmirtcti.T of said mtt'ileienc', ond who, if jou
know, mlerfoied with the *=Ati)(\ Please Mate ,tl! the facts
that camo to vom knowl<Hlir<' af said clecturn at liockpoit,
Atchison count), M in releience to the election held
foi Coniri e^man and othei officers at that place on the 4th
day ot Noveinbei, 1*6:2.
''rfnstvn. I had li.-aul picviou* to the day of election
that there would be interference, and on the momma: of
election was fully ^atis-ficd such would be the ca-e from
seenur a munbiT of emollud militia m town with amis.
Soon uticrthe time for opening the polh I heaid on the
street that William Hunter, who was a justice of the comity
coutt, Joint rinieiser, Wiliiatn King, and others had been
prevented Irom voting, f did not my-ull go to the couit-
liouse,hut was near enough to see that the door was jiuaided
by militia. with guns, bayonets, &.c."
Now, there is the testimony of a witness who
says he was not at the polls, that he did not know
anything which took place there, that he heard
on the streets that A,B, and C had been pi evented
from voting, and that, he knew it to be so because
he saw soldiers at the door of the court-house.
Now, I submit to the House that this is the sole
and entire testimony, the whole evidence upon
which this entire county of Atchison has been
disfranchised. It is testimony in regard to a sin-
gle piecinct,a precinct at which the partyhimself
was not personally present, but draws his infer-
ences only from statements of other men who said
they had heard that A,B,and C weie kept away
from the polls.
I submit to the House if that is testimony upon
which you will exclude these votes, and upon
which you will disfranchise a brave and loyal
people; upon which you will prevent the Gov-
ernment, in this trying hour of her exigency,
from being supposed upon this floor by a gen-
tleman who is in favor of suppressing the rebel-
lion? I say to the House if the evidence rules
out General Loan, rule him out, but do not rule
him out upon testimony upon which you would
not hang a dog.
I assume, therefore, that the county of Atchi-
son is wrongfully ruled out; that it shall be in-
cluded in the aggregate of votes which General
Loan has received. Assuming that, then Atchi-
son county puts him ahead and gives him 139
majority.
But 1 do not wholly rely upon the failure of
proof by Mr. Puryear. I prefer for myself now
to institute an investigation, following the order
of my friend, and making an analysis of the
votes which were cast in Atchison at the guber-
natorial election in 1860, and at the election for
judges in 1863, and the congressional election in
1862. At the gubernatorial election in 1860 there
were cast in the county of Atchison 813 votes;
at the congressional election in 1862, 675 votes,
but 138 votes less than a full poll of the county
anterior to the rebellion.
In 1863, at the judicial election, which took place
subsequently to the congressional election of 1862,
and which is admitted to have been a fair election,
there were in the county of Atchison 633 votes
cast, making 42 less than were polled in the con-
gressional election. Is there no inference to be
drawn from this factof comparative analysis? At
the election of 1862 the Legislature and in 1863
judges of the supreme court were elected, who
are now administering the laws of the State, and
the evidence relied on by the majority of the com-
mittee in this contest would sweep fiom the board
the whole State organization of Missouri. Is it
wonderful that, with rebellion rampant, with men
in the Union Army and men in the rebel army,
the vote of Atchison county should have been
diminished 138 votes since 1860 without fraud?
Why, sir, consider the condition of Missouri
at that time. The diminution of 138 votes in
Atchison county is nothing more than ought to
have been looked for. Do you expect full polls
in the border States, where one part have gone
into rebeldom, and the other part into the Union
Army fighting for the preservation of the Union?
The county of Atchison polled within 138 votes
of its full vote at the congressional election, and
42 votes more than were polled at the judicial
election of 1863.
Mr. BRUCE, (contestant.) The difference
between the poll hi Atchison county, that is, tak-
ing the votes of 1860 and 1862, is 266. In the
presidential election of 1860 thu vote of Atchison
was 941. In 1862 it was 675, a difference of 266.
Mr. SMITHERS. If the contestant had paid
attention to my remarks he would have observed
that I compared the vote of 1862 with the vote at
thegubei natorial election of 1860, when Claiborne
Jackson was running for Governor, and the vote
then.was 813. I assume, then, that so far as the
county of Atchison is concerned—one of the coun-
ties upon alleged irregularities in which the ma-
jority of the committee propose to void the whole
election—there was almost a full vote, and that
there is no evidence whatever that there were
inegularities, even in the precinct of Roekport,
which should even make void the vote of Rock-
port, much less the vote of the whole county of
Atchison.
1 ask the House to decide this question upon
the evidence presented, and not upon the vague
speculations of gentlemen as to what might or
might not have been the poll if lebellion had not
been rampant in the land, and thence concluding
that an election could not be held. My answer
to that is that in this very county the vote cast
was 675, showing that there was a full and free
election.
Now, I beg the House to remember that the
ground which is assumed in this report is that the
State government did no wrong, that the Federal
Government did no wrong, that the judges con-
ducted the election rightfully, but that thepeople
were prevented and intimidated from voting. Is
that true as regards the county of Atchison, when
the poll-books shown to the House demonstrate
that there was no intimidation m the county of
Atchison, but that a full and even a heavy vote
under the circumstances was cast, when men had
gone to defend their country, and others were m
arms against it?
i come now to the vote of the county of An-
drew; and I would not detain the House by ar-
guing this question if it were not in the. perform-
ance of an imperative duty. The yote of-the
county of Andrew in 1862 was 1,112. In the
gubernatorial election of 1860 the vote was 1,659.
There was a difference of 547 votes. The vote
for General Loan in Andrew county in 1862 was
984. The radical ticket, at the election in 1863,
received 992 votes, making a difference in the
whole year of 8 in favor of the radical ticket.. In
1862, Bruce and Branch together received 128
votes in that county; and in 1863 the vote for
what was called the conservative ticket, which
means, I suppose, the Constitution as it is and
the Union as it was, was 244, making a differ-
ence of 116 votes.
Now, let us see how this difference came. I
beg to call the attention of the committee to a lit-
tle piece of evidence on page 91, which will illus-
trate the fact, and show the reason of the differ-
ence between the vote of 1860 and the vote of
1862; and also show how it was that in 1863 the
radical vote gained only 8 while the conservative
vote gained 116. Here is the testimony of Mr.
Joseph B. Nickel, where he is cross-examined in
reference to the condition of affairs in Andrew
county, which we are now discussing. He has
this very pertinent question put to him:
" Question 21. Has there not, since the November elec-
tion in 1860, been a groat many persons* left the county of
Andiew, who are supposed to have joined the rebel army;
and hasthgre not been a large number of men from An-
drew county who joined the Federal Army; and have not
many persons moved away irom Andrew county since No
vcmber, I860; and were not the men, geneialjy speaking,
who went to the said armies, absent from Andrew county
on the 4th day of Novembei last ?
tl Answer 21. Since the November election in 1860,1
ihink peihaps some four or five hundred men have left the
county of Andrew, a part of whom are reported to have
joined the rebel army, and a partot whom have joined the
Federal Army, and a parr of whom have joined the Statu
iorces, and still another part of whom have removed from
the county with their families. Of those who are reported
to have joined the rebel army, I think a large majority of
them have returned to the county; of those who joined
the Federal Army, I think perhaps half have returned; and
of those who joined the 6tate forces, comparatively few
have returned. Of those who left the county with their
families, their places mostly have been filled by othen
moving into this* county from other counties and States.
The most of those who moved into this county, referred
to above, came here in the fall of 1861."
JMow, let us take that computation, that there
were four or five hundred men away from the
county of Andrew. Add 500 to the actual vote
cast in that county in 1862, 3,112, and you have
1,612, the whole number of voters there in 1860.
The solution of where these men were is that
some were in the rebel army, some in the Fed-
eral Army, and some in the State militia. But
there was in 1863 a gain of 8 for the radical ticket
and of 116 for the conservative ticket. How was
that? Why, Mr. Nickel says that comparatively
few of the State troops came back; that only half of
the Federal troops came back; and that a majority
of the rebel troops came back. The latter would,
of course, throw their votes for the " Constitution
as it is" men, as they now call themselves, al-
though when the Clark resolution was submitted,
declaring that the Constitution was sufficient for
the preservation of the Union, the same party was
lampant for its alteration.
Now, by way of testing this question absolute-
ly, I lay down this position: General Loan's ma-
jority in 1862 was over 2,000. It is admitted that,
in the main at least, the judicial election of 1863
was a fair one. Now the difference of votes in
the five contested counties of the seventh congres-
sional district of Missouri, if I am right in my
computation, is 1,332. These, ifany, must be the
men who were kept away from the polls. There
was only a difference of 1,332 votes between the
congressional vote of 1862 and the judicial vote of
1863. If, therefore, you should give to Mr.
Bruce all of these 1,332 votes that were not polled
in the election of 1862 and were polled in the elec-
tion of 1863, Gencial Loan would still be left
with a majority of about 700.
Mr. BRUCE, (contestant.) The difference
between the vote of 1862 and the vote of 1863 is
3,437, not 1,332.
Mr. SMITHERS. I speak only of the dif-
ference in the counties about which there is any
dispute here. The difference in the counties where
there is no dispute can have nothing to do with
this case. There is no testimony in relation to
them, and the inference is that the vote there was
a fair one. The difference in the contested coun-
