1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBI
Mr., HOLMAN. I move the following mod-
ification of my amendment, and that it be added
as a proviso to the sixth instead of the fourth
section.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Provided, however, Tiiatno non-fcommlssioned officer or
private soldier or seaman who shall be at the time of such
entry in the military or naval service of the United States,
or who shall have been In such service for a period not less
than three months and honorably discharged therefrom,
shall be required to pay the ten dollars fee or the commis-
sions mentioned in this act and the act to which tills is an
amendment: provided further, That any such non-
commissioned officer, private soldier, or seaman, being a
citizen of the United States, or having declared his inten-
tion to become a citizen thereof in conformity with law,
and having served in the military or naval service of the
United States for a period of not less than two years and
been honorably discharged, having made an entry of land
in conformity with this act and the act to which this is
amendatory, shall be entitled to the patent therefor at any
time after having resided on or cultivated such land for a
period of one year, and the widow, if unmarried, or, if no
widow, the children of such non-commis«ioned officer, pri-
vate soldier, or seaman, shall be entitled to such patent on
lik«e condition.
Mr. HOLMAN. Before my colleague calls
the previous question, I desire to explain the ef-
fect of this amendment. It will be remembered
tffat the original homestead act requires the pay-
ment of a fee often dollars at the time of making
the entry of land by the party desiring to avail
himself of the provisionsof the act. This amend-
atory act reported by my colleague requires the
additional payment of one per cent, upon the
minimum value of the lands entered, to be paid at
the time of entry, and one per cent, at the time
the title is finally perfected, being two per cent, in
addition to the ten dollar fee. _ These payments
are in addition to the fees required to be paid the
officer&of the land office. The bill, as reported
by my colleague, requires the payment of alt of
these amounts and fees by all persons, including
soldiers, who may seek to obtain the benefit of
the homestead act, and requires also a residence
on and cultivation of the landforfive years before
a patent shall issue. My amendment provides
that the soldier being in that service at the time of
malting entry, or having been in the service for
the period of three months and honorably dis-
charged from the service, shall not be required to
pay either the sum of ten dollars or the two per
cent, commissions upon making the entry and the
final perfection of the title. That is the effect of
the first proviso of the amendment.
The second proviso of my amend mentis to the
effect that a non-commissioned officer, private sol-
dier, or seaman, having served for a period of not
less than two years and been honorably dis-
charged, shall be entitled to his patent for his quar-
ter section of land after a residence and cultivation
of one year*, and if he shall die, his widow or his
children shall be entitled to the benefits of this
provision. - - - „
amendatory act also, as reported by my colleague
 for the principle is not changed at all—a lesi-
dence and cultivation of land for a period of five
years is a prerequisite to obtaining a patent. And
this applies to the soldier as well as the civilian.
It seems to me there ought to be a discrimination
between the soldier who has served his country
faithfully and well during the present war and
the citizens who have endured none of the hard-
ships of the war, and, availing themselves of the
absence of the soldier in the field, have gone and
are going in vast numbers into these western States
and Territories to locate the most valuable of the
public lands under the provisions of the home-
stead act. Ought there not to be some discrim-
ination? It seems to be manifest injustice that
there should not be. You passed this homestead
act in the midst of the war; the patriotism of the
soldier has deprived him of its benefits, while the
most valuable have been seized upon by the ever-
ready patriots at home.
By our policy we invite from all sections of the
world emigrants to come and take possession of
our lands under this homestead act. That may
be, in view of the future, a wise policy; but it is
certainly, so far as the benefits of this law are con-
cerned, a very unjust policy to the soldiers in the
field, who during all the time have been debarred
from the privilege of availing themselves of its
benefits. Is it just, sir, to place them upon fio
better footing than citizens m civil life who have
sacrificed nothingfor theircountry,and have been
able all the time to avail themselves of the pro-
visions of the law, and those whom your bounty
Under the original act, and under the
invites from all quarters of the world? Why,
sir, too manifestly unjust to admitof a moment's
argument. The discrimination is all against the
soldier. There is not one feature in your policy
in his favor. It is true, by the bill he may make
his affidavitfor entry before an officer in the field;
but can he examine the land he would enter? This
bill confers on the civilian the right to make the
affidavit anywhere. There is another fact to which
I desire to call the attention of my colleague, and
that is, that the great body of soldiers who would
be enabled to avail themselves of the benefits of
this provision, and procure their title in a period
of twelve months, and without the payment of the
sums I have mentioned, are that class of soldiers
who went into the public service when we were
paying bounties of only §100. Their term of
service is now nearly expired, and many of them,
worn out by the vicissitudes of war, could accept
this bounty at the hand of a grateful country.
By this provision we could, in-some degree, equal-
ize the bounties. For since that class of soldiers
entered the field we have adopted a more liberal
system of bounties, and have paid $300, while
townships, cities, and States have added their
bounties, which have run up the sum in some in-
stances to six or seven hundred dollars to a single
soldier.
The effect of my amendment is, in some degree
at least, to equalize between these two classes of
soldiers. The soldier who went into the service
nearly three years ago, and comes out of it upon
the expiration of his term of service honorably
discharged, is enabled to settle upon these public
lands, and, upon a residence of one year, and
without the payment of fees, perfect his title.
You ought to give him this advantage. It would
be unjust to refuse it.
The gentleman may say that the perfection of
title within a period of twelve months is of no
practical moment; but the experience of the last
year has shown that it is of vast practical moment
in determining the value of the homestead. A
large portion of those who settled upon these pub-
lic lands under the homestead provision have,
even within a twelvemonth, for the purpose of
making the title more secure, or for the purpose
of making better entries and investments, or to
secure more favorable locations, paid $1 25 per
acre for their homestead and obtained a patent,
rather than wait for the period of five years. The
report of the Commissioner of the General Land
Office establishes this fact. This provision, then,
would place the soldier in some degree upon an
equality with his fellow-citizens at home, and
would enable him to avail himself of the benefits
of this Jaw without waiting thetedious processof
five years' occupation. I regard this advantage
of obtaining the title in one year of infinitely more
moment than exemption from the payment of the
fees. As the law is he can do nothing with the
land until he occupies and cultivates it for five
years; if he leaves it it is a total loss. Give him
the title after a residence of one year, and if his
location is not a good one, and he wishes to change
his location, let him sell his land. Why not, sir?
I prefer myself that the moment a soldier re-
turns from the war he should have the right to
select his homestead upon the public domain, se-
cured to you by his valor, and the moment that
he and his wife and children have taken actual
possession of it, that moment he shall be entitled
to a patent, securing to him and his family against
all accidents and contingencies, without fee or
other charge, a home and a freehold in the soil of
his country; but while I cannot obtain this, be-
cause as you say it would result to the benefit of
speculators, I would still incumber the soldier
as little as possible in securing a right which every
other citizen enjoys, and from which he has been
debarred by his devotion to his country.
The only argument made against that system is
that it approximates to the old bounty-land sys-
tem, and would inure to the benefit of speculators
—that great body of men who prey upon the in-
dustry and sufferingsof their fellow-citizens; but
by this provision, requiring a residence of twelve
months, that opportunity for speculation is en-
tirely removed or materially diminished. But
why such an argument? Congress is all the time
granting vast bodies of land to railroad corpora-
tions, great and overgrown monopolies, and those
lands go to the benefit of speculators, and gener-
ally of nobody else.
A message from, the Senate, Vy*
its Secretary, informed the Housethat th&Scripts
had passed bill of the House No. 199, Jo, pro-
vide for carrying the mails from the Unites St®,top
to foreign ports, and for other purposes, with
amendments, in which be was directed t# ask die
concurrence of the House. <
Mr. ALLEY. With the permission of the gen-
tleman from Indiana, I move that the Housenoo-
concur in the amendments of the Senate, ani ^sjc
a committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses. ( * j
The motion was agreed to. ^ ' ='*
The SPEAKER thereupon appointed MesisriJ.
Alley, Cole of California,, and PntreN, man-
agers of said conference on the part of the House.
HOMESTEAD LAW AGAIN.
The House th«n resumed the consideration of
the bill of the Senate to amend the homestead 1st#.
Mr. HOLMAN. During the last and ate
during the preceding Congress, you appropriated
millions of ■acres of the public domain to these
vast corporations. You will appropriftte millions
more during the present session of Congress, from
all indications, for similar purposes, thus central-
izing the public wealth, and monopolizing tffe
public lands, and all for the benefit of speculator#.
You have made appropriations already for the
benefit of agricultural colleges, institutions which
must result^o the benefit of but a handful of citi-
zens, of something like ten million acres of the
public domain. Speculators and monopolists wiM
seize upon all this. There seems to be, indeed, t
determination that the public land shall bfe ex-
hausted, and exhausted for the benefit of specu-
lators and those who are centralizing yotfr wealth
at the expense of labor. But when it is proposed
to discriminate in favor of the soldier who has
served his country faithfully and well in this
terrible war, and give him some advantages ovet
those who suffered nothing and lpst nothing by
the War, the argument is raised that you furnish
facilities for speculation. Why,sir, you are fur-
nishing them in every other shape that ingenuity
can devise, and because this benefit to the soldier
may in some instances inure (o the benefit" of
speculation you deem it a sufficient argument to
withhold the benefit. .
My colleague talks about the fairness of parti-
tioning the lands which you propose to confiscate
in the South belonging to rebels, not to the sol-
diers—that seems to be a subordinate considera-
tion—but to those who, according to his theory,
are of all others by divine right entitled to them,
the,African population of the South. My col-
league, no doubt under a paroxysm of political
passion, is more mindful of the rights of that one
class of persons than he is of the rights of that
 reat body of men in whose behalf I speak, and
who are the more entitled to public consideration
because they are actually engaged in maintaining
the common wealth of the whole nation, public
domain and all, by putting down the rebellion,
which would overthrow and destroy all.
My colleague would discriminate in favor of
what he regards as the legitimate and proper pop-
ulation of the southern States, the African, but
no discrimination in favor of the gallant soldier.
Oh, no; this would destroy the symmetry of the
bill! . . .
Now, I think my colleague would discriminate
very unwisely and unjustly., I say this without
any reference to any prejudices in favor of our
own race or against the negro. Threeandahalf
or four millions of Africans remain right in the
very hotbed of this rebellion, with your procla-
mations cast broadcast over the South inviting
them to freedom; nay, your policy urged them
to assert their freedom and pledges the nation to
maintain it. No body of men in the world^s
history were ever so solicited to strike for their
own rights. And yet they have remained per-
fectly indifferent and passive until your Army
hasreached them, idle spectators of the war. Not
a blow has been struck, not an arm has been
raised by them voluntarily in yoursupport. They
have not even sought,as many predicted, to avart
themselves of the use of the implements oflabor
in their hands to wage war upon their masters.
As vou have reached them by the advance of your
armies you have made them the special recipients
of your bounties. Yet those who remain within
