2166
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 6,
ties between the vote of 1862 and the vote of 18G3
was 1,332. Admitting that every one of these
votes would have been cast for Mr. Bruce, stilt
the majority of General Loan would have been
from seven to eight hundred.
Mr. Speaker, I must ask pardon of the House
for thus trespassing on its indulgence. As I said
before, nothing but a sincere desire to secure to
a loyal man the seat to which I believe he is right-
fully entitled, and to the loyal people of Missouri
a true Representative on this floor, has induced
me to submit any observations whatever to the
House.
Mr. BRTJCE, (contestant.) I claim the indul-
gence *of the House for a moment upon a single
point. I find that four years ago in the contest
between Blair and Barrett the honorable gentle-
man who is now at the head of the Committee
of Elections submitted a resolution, which was
adopted by the House, that the contestant had
leave to speak for an hour, that the sitting mem-
ber have two hours in which to reply, and that
the contestant be then permitted to close the de-
bate. It has been my rule in regard to quoting
piecedents to adduce such as may present them-
selves in my favor, and then to act upon them as
may seem best; and 1 have endeavored with the
sitting member in this case to arrange the order
of debate between us without troubling the House
with it, but he was unwilling to enter into any
arrangement, preferring that the House should
settle the matter.
What I now desire to ask the House is, that
the privilege which has been extended to otheis
situated like myself may be extended to me, and
I trust the House will not require me to submit
to anything less. 1 will ask the House, there-
fore, under the circumstances, without desiring to
interfere with the public business—for the trans-
action of which I have as much solicitude as any
member—that the sitting member go on and
make his speech, giving to me the right of reply,
and of only making one speech, although under
the rule usually in force, having the affirmative, I
should be entitled to two. I think that isas much
as any one will ask of nic. 1 do not desire to pro-
ceed, therefore, at this lime until the sitting mem-
ber shall have submitted his remarks.
Mr. LOAN. Under the usual practice of the
House, I believe I am entitled to have the close of
the debate. 1 do not know anything about the
case he presents to the House, but I speak of the
general practice. It is of course impossible to an-
ticipate what the contestant will urge in support
of Ins claim, or of the resolution leported by a ma-
jority of the committee. He holds the affirma-
tive of this case, and I desire to hear what he has
to allege  n regard to the matter. It will then be
my province to reply to that allegation, and 1 am
not willing, unless by order of the House, to waive
that piiviloge.
Mr. BRUCE. The gentleman can have that
opportunity if he is willing to conform to the pre-
cedents in the Blair and Barrett case, and m the
Vallandigliam and Campbell case, in which the
contestant first presented his cane, which was re-
plied to by the sitting member, and the debate
then closed by the contestant.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that as
the two gentlemen interested in this case have
not been able to settle the older of debate between
themselves, the Chair has been requested to sug-
gest an arrangement of the matter. The Chair
is anxious that they should agree between them-
selves, but he will state in reference to the pie-
cedents referred to by the contestant that one of
them was not quite correctly stated. As the
Chair recollects m the Vallandigham case, the sit-
ting number did not speak at all.
Mr. BRUCE. Will the Chair allow me to say
that in that case Mr. Campbell waived the right
of reply, and the contestant continued his speech.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest
that the proper way would be for the contestant
to open, the sitting member to follow, and the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Ganson,] rep-
resenting the majority of the committee, to close
the debate. The Chair finds in the case of Bar-
rett against Blair, Mr. Phelps, of Missouri, at
that time the father of the House, made this
rennuk:
"During 1113' service In thi>. body 111 tin* v.trioin ea^eg of
contested elections fii.it have au^en, whenever the enn-
lestfutt !i<is bt'^n ptrmirfed in addim the Ilottre lie ha 
presented his argument and the sitting member has replied 5
and so far as those two persons weie concerned there was
an end of that argument."
Mr. COX. Whose remark was that?
The SPEAKER. Mr. Phelps, of Missouri.
Mr. COX. Upon what case?
The SPEAKER. Upon the Blair and Barrett
case. Mr. Phelps, then the oldest member of the
House, proposed that the contestant should open
with a speech of one hour, that the sitting mem-
ber should then follow with a speech of two
hours, and that the contestant should then have
one hour for reply, which was adopted by unani-
mous consent, changing the practice as it had
before existed. The Chair has merely stated
these facts hoping that the sitting member and
the contestant will agree as to the order of debate.
Mr. ROLLINS, of Missouri. I will make this
motion: that the contestant have the privilege of
addressing the House for an hour, that the sitting
member have an hour and a half in which to re-
spond, and that the contestant then have half an
hour in which to close the debate.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that in
the case referred to in 1860 the then Speaker de-
cided that such a resolution would require unan-
imous consent, it being a change of the rules of
the House.
Mr. COX. Is there any rule on this subject?
The SPEAKER. The hour rule.
Mr.COX. Letthegentleman modify hismotion
as to time and bring it properly before the House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman asks that the
contestant shall speak an hour, the sitting mem-
ber an hour, and then the contestant half an hour.
Is there objection to it?
Mr. SPALDING and Mr. SLOAN objected.
Mr. DAWES. The Chair has read correctly
the remarks of Mr. Phelps in that case. 1 rec-
ollect that this side of the House took the oppo-
site side of that view and insisted on it that the
man who had the affirmative of the case, as every
other plaintiff in court, had the right to close.
They insisted upon it and enforced that ruling
upon the sitting member in that case. Mr. Blair,
the contestant in that case, was permitted to close
on the sitting member, and the right whs then
given to the committee which it was entitled to
under the rule to close the whole debate. It was a
matter of considerable discussion in the House,
this whole side of the House taking the position,
and I think correctly—I certainly urged it myself,
and ail of this side stood by me in it—that when
a man has theaffiunative of the proposition in the
report he has the light to close the argument. It
was then stated that the committee had the right to
close, and that m that way there would be two
closings, but it was ."till insisted upon as the right
of the contestant, he having the affirmative, as
stated by the gentleman from Missouii, that he
should have the rightofclosing. I did object then
and I do object now to dividing up speeches.
But I do not care myself, and I never could un-
deistand what advantage there could be before an
assemblage like this of speaking first or after-
wards. It is entiicly immaterial to me, and I only
rise now to state what was the position of this
side of the House in the Blair case. It is a mat-
ter of record, and does not rest upon the state-
ment of any gentleman.
The SPEAKER. The paragraph which was
read was one which fell from Mr. Phelps, who
had served longer than any other member, and
lie stated what was the usage of the House.
Whether it was or not the Chair is not advised,
as he has not been able to trace the piecedents.
The gentleman is correct that he insisted then as
he insists now.
Mr. DAWES. I am aware that Mr. Phelps
urged the cas,e of Mr. Barrett, but the Globe will
bear me out in saying that at that time he was
corrected by previous precedents. I do not rise
for the purpose of asking that the contestant shall
have the right to close. But I desire to call the
attention of the House to the merits of this case
some time to-day. I shall not be able to be here
on Monday. After the contestant and sitting
member have presented their views it may be the
wish of the gentleman from Vermont or myself
or some other member of the committee to pre-
sent our view of the case.
The SPEAKER. As no gentleman is now
claiming the lloor the Chair will put the resolu-
tion to the House.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
state my view in a word. It seems to me that it
does not make any difference who has the closing
speech, whether the contestant or the majority
of the committee, but it would be unjust that there
should be two closing speeches on one side. Ar-
range it in any other way and I am satisfied. I
cannot think myself that it would be right to
allow two speeches on one side to close.
Mr. COX, I understand that the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Ganson] proposes to yield
his place to the contestant to close the debate. If
so, then the matter may be amicably arranged.
There will then be only one speech for the con-
testant in closing.
Mr. GANSON. I do not want any arrange-
ment made which will cutoff the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] from making the
remarks which I understand he desires to make.
The SPEAKER. It will not cut off the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts. The Chair hears
no objection to the proposition that the contestant
shall take the place of the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Ganson] to close the debate.
Mr. ASHLEY made a remark inaudible to the
reporter.
Mr. BRUCE. I suggest to the gentleman from
Ohio, in order to remove all difficulty, that the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] will
go on with his speech.
Mr. HIGBY. I object to any arrangement
which does not provide that the contestant shall
open the case. It is just and fair that he should.
It is according to the course of all judicial pro-
ceedings.
The SPEAKER. The previous proposition
of the gentleman from Ohio has been adopted by
unanimous consent. It was agreed that the con-
testant should have the closing speech, which be-
longs to the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Ganson.]
Mr. ASHLEY. Gentlemen upon this side of
the House did not understand the matter.
The SPEAKER. The Chair stated it dis-
tinctly to the House, and asked whether there
was any objection. The Chair heard none.
Mr. SMlTHERS. I appealed to the Chair at
the time to know what the proposition was.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman states that
he objected, the Chair will put the question again.
Mr. BRUCE. I want to know what the un-
derstanding is.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
made a suggestion, and the Chair put it to the
House and asked if there was unanimous consent
that the sitting member should speak first and the
contestant occupy the time assigned by the rules
to the gentleman from New York, and the Chair
heard no objection. Gentlemen upon the left of
the Chair now state that they did not understand
the matter.
Mr. BRUCE. 1 ask to have the question put
over again.
The SPEAKER. The Chair asks again, is
thcie objection to the proposition of the gentleman
from Ohio ?
Mr. GIUNNELL. I object.
Mr. ROLLINS, of Missouri. I now renew my
proposition, and hope that there will be no objec-
tion, that the contestant may speak one hour, the
sitting member an hour and a half, and the con-
testant to close with half an hour, that is the clos-
ing arrangement of the debate. In the mean time
the gentleman from Massachusetts and others
may occupy the floor.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection? The
Chair hears none, and the proposition is agreed tu.
Mr. DAWES. I did not intend to participate
in the debate upon the pending proposition. But
this is not a common case, and is not to be gov-
erned by the precedents of any cases which have
gone before it. It has its origin in circumstances
that have no parallel in history. This rebellion,
under which the nation now staggers, as it pro-
gresses, every day develops new difficulties,
which are to be overcome by the patriotic heart
of the nation,and are not to be governed by any
of the precedents of the past. They are to be met
and to be overcome by the best judgment and
conclusion we can arrive at under the new system
m which we live, under a Government which took
for itself no pattern when it sprang into existence,
and which is to be preserved, if it be preseived,
by following none of the rules that have governed
