1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ANNALS OF CONGRESS, ETC.
Mr. SMITH. I rise to a question of privilege.
I am directed by the select committee to whom
was referred the resolution in reference to Gales
& Seaton, to report back the resolution with a
recommendation that it should pass.
-The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House be directed to ex-
ccutc the resolution of the House of the 29th of May, J862,
nrduiing lum to supply the House library with a certain
number of' Congressional Annals and Debates, so far as to
pay the publishers for tliu volumes delivered prior to the
passage of the resolution of the 9th of June, 1862, rescind-
ing the resolution of May 29 aforesaid.
Mr. SMITH. I desire simply to say that from
all the evidence before the committee they were
decidedly of the opinion that after the passage of
the resolution of the 29th of May, 1862, Mr.
Seaton proceeded to deliver to this House the
number of books contemplated by the resolution
as it passed on that day; and in his conference
with the Clerk, Mr. Etheridge, at that time he
made an effort to secure from him an order for
the books and his pay as contemplated under that
resolution. Etheridge stated to him that there
was no money belonging to the contingent fund
of the House, or only a few dollars, and conse-
quently he was unable to pay the money. He
half made a statement to Mr. Seaton at that time
that there would be an effort made in the House
to reconsider that resolution; and the committee
believe that whatever books Seaton delivered un-
der that resolution he delivered in good faith, be-
lieving that when the House made an appropri-
ation therefor he would be paid for them. There
was no circumstance connected with the whole
case, so far as the committee could discover after
the examination of several witnesses, to induce
the committee to believ£ otherwise than that the
whole transaction was fair and just. The books
having been delivered in good faith under the res-
olution, the committee are of opinion that it is
the duty of the House to see that that resolution
is carried out.
I call the previous question upon the passage
of the resolution.
Mr. A. W. CLARK. I ask the gentleman
from Kentucky to withdraw that call for a few
minutes. I will renew the demand.
Mr. SMITH. I withdraw the call with that
understanding.
Mr. A. W. CLARK. Mr. Speaker, I will
briefly state what I know of the matter under
consideration. Early in the extra session of Con-
gress in July, 1861, a memorial came to the Print-
ing Committee, of which I had the honor of being
a member, a&king Congiess to buy of Messrs.
Gales & Seaton one hundred copies of their "An-
nals of Congress and Register of Debates." On
inquiry it was found that they would cost the
Jarge sum,-of $35,500, or $355 per set, embracing,
as they did, seventy-one volumes. The proposi-
tion was not for a moment entertained, because
the situation of the finances of the country for-
bade the ideaof so largean expenditure for books
which were not needed. The proposition was not
renewed at that session; but at the first regular
session, commencing in December of the same
year, it was again brought to the notice of the
committee by a resolution offered by some mem-
ber of the House and referred to them. It was
the subject of discussion in the committee; and
late in the session a majority of the committee
determined to rcportin favorof the purchase,and
the resolution passed the House by a small ma-
jority. I dissented from the report of the com-
mittee, and made a brief statement to the House,
giving the number of the same works already in
the hbranes of the House and Senate, antKalso
of those still in wrappers which had been bought
by the Government and placed in a store-room of
the Capitol, which had never been opened. The
number at that time in the House library was
eighty-five perfect sets of the whole work and fif-
teen impeded ones. In the Senate library there
were, I think, thirty-five perfect sets and fifteen
imperfect ones. The number in wrappers about
forty, all perfect. Thus the Government at that
time was m possession of at least one hundred
and sixty perfect copies of the work sought to be
sold to them by the resolution. The same num-
ber is now on hand. On the 9th day of June the
resolution was rescinded by a vote of the House ;
by a majority of some fifteen or eighteen. Those
gentlemen who are now urging the passage of a
resolution instructing the present Clerk of the
House to receive and pay for the books claimed
to have been delivered to his predecessor, do so
on the ground that they were actually delivered
and duly received between the time of the passage
of the resolution ordering them and the one re-
scinding that order.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I will state the facts of the
case, and in this statement I am fully corroborated
by the evidence of Mr. Etheridge, the Clerk of the
last Congress, taken before the committee of in-
vestigation, of which the honorable gentleman of
Kentucky is chairman. I suspect no one will
charge him with making stateme'nts against the
publishers of the Intelligencer which facts will'
not warrant. Soon after the passage of the first
resolution, ordering him to purchase the books,
(the next day I believe,) I went into his room
and advised him not to give the order for them at
once, as I knew, or thought I knew, the temper of
the House so well on this subject, that they would
rescind the resolution when there was a full House.
He at once replied that he had already been ap-
plied to by Messrs. Gales <fc Seaton for an order
for the books, but that he had declined giving it,
on the ground, first, that there was no money in
the Treasury to pay for them; and secondrthat he
knew there was to be a contest over it, and he did
not choose to take the responsibility of settling it, as
he would do by giving an order. About a week
after this time he told me that Messrs. Gales &
Seaton had attempted to deliver the books, but
that he refused to receive them, giving to them
the same reasons for doing so that he did when the
order was asked for. The man who had them in
charge asked permission to store them in one of
the rooms of the Capitol, as there they would be
much less exposed to fire than at the printing
office. He (the Clerk) allowed him to pack them
away in an unoccupied room, with the express un-
derstanding between them that he did not by thus
granting the privilege in any manner consent to
accept of the books. After depositing them in the
store-room the agent of Messrs. Gales&Seaton
locked the door, and took the key away with him,
and it is now in possession of the gentlemen own-
ning the books.
I know there is a higfh regard entertained by the
gentlemen of this House for the surviving mem-
ber of this firm, a regard and esteem justly earned
by a long life of usefulness and upright conduct,
and this will, I know, incline many to vote for a
resolution appropriating the money, as it is sup-
posed, ih his behalf. But I would say to such
gentlemen that facts were developed before an in-
vestigating committee in the last Congress on this
very question, showing that he will be a recip-
ient of but a smalt amount, if any, of the sum
should the resolution pass. Parties swore before
that committee that a large proportion of it was
due them, and it was on this account they were
endeavoring to lobby it through the House. That
evidence is now in possession of a member of
this House, and if any one desires to hear it
he will, I have no doubt, be glad to communi-
cate it.
When all these facts are before the House, if
gentlemen fuel disposed to vote an expenditure of
$35,500 for what is not necessary for the use of
the House, and for which there is no just claim,
while there are so many honest demands upon
the Treasury which are suspended for the want
of means to meet them, I shall be mistaken in their
sense of justice. I renew the demand for the pre-
vious question.
Mr. WILSON. 1 ask the gentleman from New
York to withdraw the demand for a moment.
Mr. A. W.CLARK. i renewed thecal! upon
agreement with the gentleman from Kentucky.
Mr. WILSON. Will the gentleman from Ken-
tucky yield to me ?
Mr. SMITH. I cannot.
Mr. WILSON. I ask, then, unanimous con-
sent to make a few remniks.
No objection was made.
Mr. WILSON took the floor.
Mr. SMITH. I understood the previous ques-
tion was ealied by the gentleman fiom New Yoik.
The SPEAKER. That is so; but the gentle- (
man from Iowa has unanimous consent to occupy
the ilr r. - !
Mr. WILSON. I do not intend to occupy lime '
m submitting any remarks upon this question.
Mr. STILES. I desire to make* an inquiry of
.the gentleman from New York. .
Mr. WILSON. I ,shall be through in .a .few
moments. I wigh that the evidence which, was
taken by the special committee appointed by the
Thirty-Seventh Congress to investigate this job
shall be placed before the House. I have always
had my doubts about the powers of the House to
direct the payment of money for this purpose out
of the cootingentfund of the House; and X,uiw£w>
stand that Comptroller Whittlesey, during his
lifetime, passed upon that question—and I be-
lieve,in relation to this very case—in which he
stated he would not approve a claim based upon
a resolution of the House directing the payment
of money to purchase books, such as are-now
proposed, out of the contingent fund of the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, the gentle-
man from Kentucky [Mr. Smith] has made a re-
port from a special committee. «I trust that he
does not intend to ask the House to act upon that
report before it is printed, together with the evi-
dence taken, so that we may see how this matter
stands. I think that he ought to postpone it.
Mr. SMITH. If gentlemen will take their seats
and listen to me for a minute and a half, I believe
I can show them that there is no necessity for
postponement.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, informed the House that the Senate
insisted on its amendments disagreed to by the
House to the bill of the House (No. 299) to pro-
vide forcarrying the mails from the United States
to foreign ports, and for other purposes, agreed to
the conference asked by the House on the disa-
greeing votes of the two Houses, and had ap-
pointed Messrs. Collamer, Conness, and Buck-
alew^ianagers of the conference on the part of
the Senate.
ANNALS or CONGRESS—AGAIN.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
Yo.rk [Mr. A. W. Clark] demanded the previous
question.
Mr. WINDOM. He yields to me for the pur-
pose ofintrodueing some of the evidence asked for.
The SPEAKER. Then the previous question
is withdrawn. The Chair understood the gentle-
man from Kentucky [Mr. Smith] to demand the
previous question, but lie yielded to the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. A.W.Clark] on his
promise torenewit. The Chair now understands
the gentleman from New York to withdraw the
previous question to allow the gentleman from
Minnesota [Mr. Window] to speak.
Mr. SMITH. I withdrew the previous ques-
tion and yielded to the gentleman from New York
with the request and with the understanding of
an agreement on his part that he would renew the
call when he got through.
Mr. WINDOM. I believe I have the floor.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not at
present.
Mr. WINDOM. I have some evidence here
which I think would be very interesting to the
House.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from Ken-
tucky yielded the floor to the gentleman from New
York with the understanding that he would renew
the call for the previous question, then the gentle-
man from New York has control of the previous
question, and can withdraw it. It is a question
between him and the gentleman from Kentucky
whether he carries out the agreement between
them. He now withdraws the previous question.
Mr. WINDOM. I understand, then, that there
is some disagreement, and that I am not entitled
to the floor.
The SPEAKER. The Chair recognizes the
gentleman from Minnesota, the previous question
having been withdrawn.
Mr. SMITH. When I yielded the iloortothe
gentleman I did it with the distinct understanding
that he would call the previous question, thereby
giving me, as I presumed, a right to control the
matter as chairman of the committee. I under-
stand that he has now transferred the floor to an-
other gentleman; and I shall know hereafter how
to act in matters of this kind.
Mr. WINDOM. I will yield to the gentleman
from Kentucky when I have made my remarks.
Mr. SMITH. Understand me that I do not
wish to prevent a full and free discussion of this
