2168
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 6,
the matter was to be determined upon that ground
rather than the merits of the case.
Mr. SMITHERS. I did not understand the
gentleman from Massachusetts as attributing that
position to any member of the committee.
Mr. VOORHEES. I did.
Mr. DAWES. I acquit any member of the
committee of expressing that opinion.
Mr. VOORHEES. I may have misunderstood
' the gentleman. I certainly should not have in-
troduced this issue into the consideration of the
question before the House.
Mr. DAWES. I take great pleasure in saying
that the members of the committee have read the
evidence, and, so far as I am aware, arrived at
their conclusions without knowing whether the
sitting member or the contestant had any politics
or not.
Mr. VOORHEES. The gentleman will then
allow me to say that I was led into an error by
inferring from a remark of the gentleman from
Massachusetts that this position was assumed by
a member of the committee. Nevertheless, the
fact has been brought before the committee, and
I desire therefore to ask the gentleman the ques-
tion whether the evidence does not disclose the
fact that the contestant did support the war policy
in Missouri.
Mr. DAWES. I know of no testimony before
the committee that would lead me to make any
distinction between these gentlemen in theirefforts
to suppress the rebellion, nor do I know of any
testimony showing that any man offered to vote
and was driven away from the polls because he
was not, under the laws of Missouri, entitled to
vote. It was not claimed before the committee
that any man who desired to deposit his vote and
failed to do so, failed because he was not entitled
by law to vote.
But that is not what I am discussing. Mr.
Speaker, the case, to my mind, was decided upon
these considerations which I have attempted to
submit to the House. It was decided, sir, upon
considerations growing out of the nature of the
provision here, and of the conflict winch appeared
to the minds of some members of the committee
as to theduty of the Executive relative to the elec-
tion and our own duty. It seemed to be as-
sumed that the people weie to yield here the right
of freedom of election touching this House when
the necessities of the Government require the
presence of military to keep the rebels away.
But, sir, the minority of this committee have
made up figures and cast up majorities to show
that the contestant could not under any circum-
stances have received a majority of these votes,
as if they could apply the rules of arithmetic to
measure the extent of the conflict between duty
and safety in the minds of the voters! Can arith-
metic appiy to the rumors that were set afloat by
which the minds of the electois in the different
counties were filled with a vague and undefined
apprehension in reference to the presence of the
military there? It was given out by men who
had charge of the polls and who were at the same
time running for office thata certain course would
be pursued in reference to a certain class of men.
Just as if the gentlemen of the minority of the
committee could tell, when it was known to a
whole city that the entrance to the polls was
guarded by crossed bayonets, and that no man
could approach them unless the ballot he cairied
bore the right name! As if you could measure
such a state of fh mgs by the rules of addition and
subtraction and tell how many men were kept
away from the polls by that knowledge! And
then to apply to it the rules of hearsay testimony;
to apply to it the rule which would govern the
trial of a twenty shilling case in a justice's court
at cross-roads!
Sir, it is to be governed by no such narrow and
belittling rules as that. The presence of this ter-
ror created by glittering bayonets and official or-
ders and airests cannot be denied any more than
our presence here can be denied. It existed ly
the atmosphere. It pervaded every branch of j
business. Men in their houses and when they j
were out of their houses knew and talked about !
it. And yet it cannot be proved as a fact here, i
' because in a justice's court it would be called !
hearsay evidence. It is asked after we have done 1
these things that we shall sit here and take the j
benefit of them ourselves. That is the point of j
it—taking the benefit of what you youiselves I
have done, and giving the enemies of the Admin-
istration the assurance that you did it not for the
purpose of keeping treason from the ballot-box
but for the purpose of securing power As I
have said, I can understand why my distinguished
friend from Delaware [Mr. Smithers] can look
on this thing differently from what 1 do,or from
what my friend from Vermontdoes. But I cannot
understand how a Massachusetts man can take
up this book and read it and go home to Massa-
chusetts and say by his vote here or by his ac-
tion he omitted to condemn these proceedings.
Mr. ELIOT. As a Massachusetts man 1 have
been guided by one rule in determining upon evi-
dence that has been submitted, and thai was to
take the testimony as applicable to the facts. I
have read this testimony with great care, and [un-
dertake to say it would be an utter impossibility
to demonstrate before any tribunal that the result
of the election in the seventh district of Missouii
was affected in anywise whatever by anything
that took place in that district which is there
proved. I find seventeen witnesses were exam-
ined 
Mr. DAWES. That will do.
Mr. ELIOT. No, it will not do.
Mr. DAWES. I did not yield the floor that
the gentleman might argue the case in my time.
Mr. ELIOT. Why was I called on?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman declines to
yield further.
Mr. ELIOT. Then I beg the gentleman will
not call on me if he will not give me leave to say
why 1 am piepared to go home to Massachusetts
and sustain the vote I intend to give in this case.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman
need not have taken that entirely to himself. I
know my colleague has studied this case thor-
oughly and weighed it carefully; because I know
my colleague would not undertake to express a
judgment upon it until lie had. And that led me,
most respectfully I trust—and I shall venture, per-
haps, to repeat it—to express my surprise that
my colleague could come to the conclusion which
I knew he had come to, and which he has ex-
pressed here, that there was nothing in this case
which called for his censure. I have looked with
some anxiety through all these pages of views sub-
mitted by the minority to find some word of con-
demnation, some expression of disapprobation,
of the conduct which took place at these elections,
that would lead me to the comforting conclusion
that they had reluctantly made up their minds to
sustain this gentleman in his scat upon the proof
of the result of this election.
While 1 admit that my colleague from Massa-
chusetts, as well as my colleagues upon the com-
mittee, are as honest, as sincere, and as candid as
I am, and their judgment entitled to just as much
weight, I have tins to say, that there is matter in
this testimony that I would lather have my right
hand cutoff than by any vote of nune here to
sanction and appiove of either as to the form or
substancc of the election. Others may think dif-
ferently, and they of course will discharge their
duty with the same sincerity I claim for myself.
When I go home to Massachusetts I shall have
the satisfaction of saying that I presented to my
friends in this House a path of duty which seemed
to me so plain that I could not see why all would
not walk in it—a course whereby the Administra-
tion would he vindicated in all it has done in ref-
' ereuce to all the elections in the rebellious States,
! and at the same time the tlouse of Repiesentatives
j have asserted the highest prerogative guarantied
to it by the Constitution, the freedom of the elec-
tion of its members. I do not doubt the result.
I see very plainly from suggestions thrown out
here this morning that our friends do not care to
vindicate the Administration in this regard.
| I have done my duty and have endeavored to
! arrive at my conclusions without considering
! whether the result would be to fix or unfix any
1 man in his seat here, and I have tried to rccon-
| clie the testimony here with my convictions of
• duty to the Administration. And, sir, this talk
! about hearsay testimony as a means of escaping
, from testimony that stands out as clear as the
| noonday sun, proven as it must be proved, and
j as it is only in the power of man to piove it, this
! means of frittering away all its force pains me
because I think u leaches beyond the value of
any member's right to a seat heie. It reaches
beyojid and casts a blain upon the escutcheon of
this Administration, and it proclaims to the world
what there is no necessity of proclaiming,and it
puts a volunteer load upon our shoulders. And all
this when there seems to me another path which
will secure glorious ends, a path in which I have
found myself treading more firmly every day
since the report was made,and more so than ever
since I have heard the discussion of gentlemen on
the other side.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I desire to ask
the gentleman whether he considers it a proper
consideration in an election case, what effect the
judgment of the House will have upon the pros-
pects of the Administration before the people?
And then I want him to answer me what it has
to do with an election case here what the people
of Massachusetts may think of our action ?
Mr, DAWES. If the gentleman will put his
questions separately I will endeavor to answer
him.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. The firstquestion
is, whether it is a proper consideration m con-
cluding an election case, the effect our votes may
have upon the prospects of the Administration
before the country?
Mr. DAWES. I did not think it was until [
was told so this morning by one who said he
must therefore vote the minority report for the
purpose of the strength it will give us. [Laugh-
ter.] I have tried in my whole speech to enter
my protest against it.
Mr. DAVIS. The other question is what the
opinion of Massachusetts upon an election case
has to do with the judgment of this House?
Mr. DAWES. I will tell the gentleman that
a Massachusetts man and a Delaware man, weigh-
ing the testimony here, came to different conclu-
sions about it, and it occurred to my mind that
they might both be honest, and that the reason
they came to different conclusions was that one
or the other of them might have had some of the
bacon.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. The gentleman
has not answered the question I put to him. Now
lei lum answer it. What has it to do with the
judgment this House shall render upon this case,
what the people of Massachusetts may think
about it, or what gentlemen may have to answer
when they go home to their constituents? Are
we to render a certain judgment here for fear
that Massachusetts may not approve of what we
do?
Mr. DAWES. No man has uttered any such
sentiment here since I.have commenced the dis-
cussion of this subject.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I heard the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts himself say, "How
will gentlemen from Massachusetts answer when
they get home
Mr. DAWES. I said, Mr. Speaker, that 1
could not understand how any Massachusetts
man, educated as a Massachusetts man, where
they open the town meetings with prayer and go
up to the ballot-box as they go up to discharge
their duties in conference meetings, could come
to the conclusion that, in a case where a ballot
was put in only at the point of the bayonet, it
can be denominated an election. 1 could not un-
derstand that,.but I could understand why gen-
tlemen who occupy another stand-point, gentle-
men who come from legions where the rebellion
has been lampunt, and where the Government of
the United States has had to declare whole States
under maitial law, where they have had to peo-
ple the couutiy with soldiers with bristling bay-
onets; when men have come out of an election
held under such circumstances into seats here, I
can understand how they can honestly think that
such a proceeding is an election. That is what I
said.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Where was there
such an election: I have not heard of one. [Laugh-
tei from the Democratic side of the House.]
Mr. SMITHERS. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, with whom I havesei ved on the Com-
mittee of Elections, and for whom I have the
highest regard, has allowed himself from some
cause this afternoon to become unwontedly ex-
cited, and just now he dropped a remaik which
I am sure in his calmer moments he will feel sorry
lor, and which I cannot believe that he means,
if I understood his expression coriectfy, it was
an allusion to " the gentleman from Delaware,"
to whom ho has seen fit to allude, and he said
