146
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11,
company to which these five men belonged was
' stationed some five or six miles from Chilicothe.
The fifth man went over from that town, told the
story to the company, and the company en masse
started for Chiiicothe, released the four men who
were incarcerated, and compelled the commander
who had incarcerated them to halloo for Jim Lane.
"What became of him, whether he died of the
loyal dose or not, I am not able to say; but the
rumor is as I have stated.
I desire to say to the Senator from Minnesota
that the matter is under investigation, as I under-
stand, by a committee of the Legislature of the
State of Missouri, now in session. I am very
thankful to hini that ho has called the attention of
the War Department to the subject. In answer
to the question propounded by the Senator front
Massachusetts, I will soy that I think it will be
found that the Gamble regime is responsible; the
officers appointed by the Governor of the State
are the criminals. The soldiers are unconditional
Union men, anti-slavery all of them, with scarcely
an exception. The officers appointed by the Gam-
ble regime are, 1 think I can say, almost without
exception pro-slavery men. It has been the prac-
tice—and if I am mistaken the Senator from Mis-
souri [Mr. Brown] can conect me—that when a
man in the military service of the State of Missouri
is found unconditionally loyal and anti-slavery in
his feelings, that has been a sufficient cause for
his removal, and lie has been immediately re-
moved.
Mr. HENDERSON. I certainly desire that
the resolution shall be passed,as it is u resolution
of inquiry. It is pethaps veiy appropriate that
the inquiry should be made. I will state, how-
ever, that I know nothing of the circumstances
alluded to in the resolution in reference to the ar-
rest of these men by General lirown. I know
General Brown personally; I have not known him
a great while; but I am very well satisfied that
there must he some mistake m the representation
that General Brown is a pro-slavery man. I have
not so regarded him. He has been in command
at Jeffeison City for some tune. It is true that 1
am not \ery familiar with his history. I know
Mi.iply that he fought with a groat deal of gal-
lantry at Springfield and lost his arm there, and
that he has belmved witii gteat gallantry when-
ever ho has been called upon to do his share m
the defense of the country. That is as much as
I know of him. I know nothing of the circum-
stances alluded to in the resolution. It ia a reso-
lution of inquiry; and if the soldiers have been
improperly treated theie it is hut just that the
country should know it; but 1 cannot for a mo-
mentthink tlure ssany correctness in the inference
drawn here thatG<neral Brown bus mistreated
the soldiers from Minnesota 'in consequence of
any pro-shivery feeling on his part. It may, how-
ever, be the case. I should like to have the facts,
and theivfoie I shall vote for the resolution.
Mr. KROWN. Mr. President, I am very glad
that some step has been taken to initiate an in-
quiry into the military management of affairs in
the State of Missouri. I venture the assertion that
no Stale in its military affairs has been no dis-
astrously managed as my own. f do not pro-
pose at the present time, but shall take some other
occasion, to enter into the discussion of that man-
agement in its details, and to suggest what I be-
lieve to be the remedy. I desire simply to state
now that I have received communications from
loyal members of the Legislature at Jefferson City,
setting forth the facts in rcgaid to the case which
has been alluded to by the Senator from Minne-
" sota, and they confirm the statement which he
has made. They go on further to say, what I can
very well understand, that it is only part and par-
eel of the programme which has prevailed there
for more than a year past. I can also indorse the
statement made by the Senator from Kansas in
regard to the warfare which has been made in that
State by the military authority upon the free-soilers
of Missouri. It is true, sir, every letter of it is
true. I can go further than that, sir, and say that
it is .done not alone by the Gamble dynasty and
the appointees of the Governor of Missouri, but
it is sanctioned, indorsed, and urged on by the
mihtary commander of the United States in that
department.
Mr. HOWARD. Name him.
Mr BROWN. Schofield. I trust, sir, the res-
oliili.iu will jinss, and I trust we shall have an i
opportunity to take a full review of the acts of op-
pression and of hostility to the loyarf freedom- 1
loving sentiment in that State, and that we shall
be able before long to take such action as will pre-
clude its continuance there.
. The resolution was agreed to.
IZOUSB BILL REFERRED.
The bill from the House ofRepresentatives (No.
40) making appropriations for the consular and
diplomatic expenses of the Government for the
year ending June 30,1865, was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Finance.
PRINTING OF CENSUS.
Mr. ANTHONY submitted the following res-
olution; which was referred to the Committee on
Printing:
Resolved* That in addition to the number oidert'd for the
use of the Senate of the several pmts ot the eighth census,
there he printed mid humid one thousand copies for the use
of the secretary of the Interior, and one thousand copies
for the use of the Census Office.
- CLERKS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. TRUMBULL submitted the following
resolution; which was referred to the Committee
to Audit and Control the Contingent Expenses
of the Senate;
Resolved, That such of the clerks to the standing com-
mittees of the Senate as have been on duty since the first
day of this session be paid therefrom.
ntOPOSKD EXPULSION OF MR. DAVIS.
Mr. DAVIS. I now renew the motion that I
submitted some half hour since to take up the
lesolutiou of the Senator from Massachusetts
[Mr. Wilson] in relation to my expulsion.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I am not prepared to
take up that resolution at the present time. In
lieu of it, I was going to propose that the resolu-
tions introduced by the Senator from Kentucky
be reprinted for the use of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question be-
fore the Senate is on proceeding to the consider-
ation of the lesolution indicated by the Senator
fiom Kentucky.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. If those resolutions
are of the nature I understand them to be, I am
prepared to vote to exclude the Senatorfrom Ken-
tucky.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 hope that resolution will
not be taken up this morning. In my opinion,
H involves some very serious and grave considei-
ations and matters, into which I, for one, desire
a little more time to make inquii y. It is a matter
undoubtedly of consideiahlo importance to the
Senator from Kentucky. It i« important, also,
to every member ot this body, and t lie good name
of the body, and to Us future history. I hope the
Senate will not now take it up for consideration,
but will allow it to lie over a few days, for it is
my intention, so far as I am concerned, to say a
word on the resolution when itcomes up fully be-
fore the body, ami I am not prepared this morn-
ing to go on with the nnnarks that 1 may be able to
make upon it. It is a grave and important reso-
lution, as the gentleman from Kentucky will dis-
cover before it is finished in this body, and we
ouj>ht to approach it with care and caution.
Mr. SUMNER. I suggest that the Senator
from Virginia [Mr. Carliix] is expected to an-
nounce to-day the death of our late colleague.
That suggestion should be a sufficient reason, I
think, why we should not enter upon the consid-
eration of the resolution referred to in the motion
of the Senator fiom Kentucky.
Mr. DAVIS. I had not intended to disparage
or to underrate the gravity of the resolution under
consideration, so far as it affects me personally or
the Senate, now or in the future. 1 am well ap-
prised of its gravity. Neither am I surpiised to
hear the Senator from Kansas announce his pur-
pose to vote for my exclusion from the Senate.
Hut, sir, the resolutions which I submitted to the
Senate were laid upon the tables of members on the
5th of this month, and every gentleman who chose,
and I suppose most of them have done so, has had
an opportunity to read them. The Senator from
Massachusetts on Friday last drew up an indict-
ment against me, embodying one of those resolu-
tions, in part, and, for reasons deduced by him
from it, asking for my expulsion from the Senate
as a member thereof. Now, Mr. President, I am, i
as it were, under arrest, not exactly military ar- !
>est, of which the Senator from Massachusetts j
seems so much enamored,but siillusortof arrest. I
I am entitled to a .seat on this floor rightfully or I
am not; and that is the question I want decided by
the Senate.
If Senators were not prepared, or had not had
an opportunity of beingprepared to understand this
subject, and to act advisedly upon it, I certainly
would accord to the suggestions of different gentle-
men, and desire that the matter should be post-
poned to give them time to make fresh investiga-
tion; butl presume that every Senator here pres-
ent, as the Senator from Kansas has so promptly
avowed himself, is ready to act upon and to vote on
this resolution. If there be no real cause why
this subject should not he considered now, it i$a
matter of injustice to myself that I should thus be
left suspended before the Senate.
The Senator from Massachusetts avowed that
he had undertaken this proceeding and introduced
this lesolution without consulting a Senator.
" Solitary and alone he put this ball in motion."
But I suppose my resolutions attracted as much
attention on the part of other Senators as on the
part of the Senator from Massachusetts, and that •
he had no more opportunity to be prepared to
render a decision on the resolution to which he
has particularly referred, and every other ^solu-
tion embraced in the series, than other gentlemen
had, and that they aie as well prepared, with the
exception probably of the honorable Senator from
Michigan, [Mr. Howard.]
The Senator from Michigan avows it as his
purpose to say something on this matter. Be it
so. I suppose other Senators, probably several,
will say something upon the matter too. If so,
there will be ample lime for the Senator from
Michigan to look into the matter to make any
investigations or researches that he may choose
either of fact or of authority, and to prepare him-
self fully and deliberately to give his views, which
are always so able and so satisfactory upon all sub-
jects of which he chooses to enter into the discus-
sion, to the Senate.
Gentlemen can well conceive the position in
which I am placed. I do not expect them to act
from any courtesy or kindness to me. I do not
ask it. All I a^k is justice, that they shall act
toward me in the premises as they would be will-
ing and desirous for others to act toward them-
selves.
I do hope, Mr. President, that the Senate will •
take up this resolution and enterupon its consider-
ation; and after it is taken up and enti red upon,
' whatever time the honorable Senator from Michi-
gan may desire, I shall not only concur in, but I
myself shall insist he shall have in ortler to make
the fullest preparation he may desire.
Mr. WILSON. If it be in order, I will move
to assign the resolution for consideration on Wed-
nesday next, at one o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the resolution
should be taken up, it would then bo in order to
move a time certain for its consideration.
Mr. FOSTER. I would suggest'whether, as
a question of privilege, it be not before the Senate
when it is sn^ested to the Senate.
The VICE'PRESIDENT. It is not, in the
opinion of the Chair.
Mr. FOSTER. I suggest whether it requires
any vote to take up a question of piivileger
The VICE PRESIDENT. In the opinion of
the Chan it does, and tiie Chair has so i uled uni-
formly, that it does require a motion; that it does
not come up of its own power, although it is a
privileged question.
Mr. FOSTER. I will suggest that there is a dif-
ference between a privileged question and a ques-
tion ofpiivdegc. This is a question of privilege.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Undoubtedly; but
still it is within the control of the Senate, subject
B to the notion and action of the Senate, whether
a question of privilege or a privileged question.
Mr. ANTHONY. I- hope the resolution will
not be taken up and assigned to any day this week.
We have very important business before us that
should be considered this week. I have not yet
read the resolutions ofthe Senatorfrom Kentucky.
It is a considerable task to read them carefully.
We have had only one day's vacation this last
week, and I think we ought to postpone this sub-
ject until some time when we adjourn over fiom
Thursday to Monday, and when we can have an
oppoitunity to read those resolutions. X hope
this resolution will not be taken up until we have
got through with the enrollment bill.
