1864
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. DAVfS. As there seems to be an indis-
position to consider the subject now, 1 should be
gratified if the Semite would allow the resolution
to be taken up this morning, and an early day as-
signed for its consideration. I will ask that from
the courtesy of the Senate. ,
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 rise for the purpose of in-
quiring from the Senator from Kentucky whether,
if the resolution were taken up now, he would be
willing to have it postponed until Wednesday
next, or any other day in the future the Senate
may think proper to fix.
Mr. DA VIS. Most certainly.
Mr. JOHNSON. I was about to say, however,
that in my opinion—I speak it with all proper re-,
spect far the opinion of the Senate—a resolution
like this to expel a Senator should be disposed of
at once. I can very readily understand that the
Senator from Kentucky feels sensitive while such
a resolution is on the tabic. Whatever time the
debate to which it may give rise shall take Qf the
other business of the Senate is .not so much his
fault, i( it be a fault at all, as the fault of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, who proposed the reso-
lution. But speaking for myself, and judging of
the feelings of the Senator from Kentucky by
those which I am sure would actuate me, I never
could sit still without constant and hourly effort
to have the resolution disposed of.
Mr. FOSTER. I confess I had supposed that
a question of this kind, when brought before the
Senate by motion or by remark, becamc the ques-
tion before the Senate, and that, as a question of
privilege, it excluded any question then pending,
taking priority of all other questions. Tha de-
cision of the Chair, however, is adverse to me,
and of course I jield to it. I must, however,
think that, if that be not the rule, propriety re-
quires that a question of this sort should be dis-
posed of at the earliest possible day. I confess
if such a icsolution weie pending in regard to me
1 should insist pertinaciously upon having it dis-
posed of as speedily as possible, and I should
think tj>e Senate were unjust to me if they did
not do so. I am willing to mrte Out to others the
same measure that i would ask to have meted
out to myself. If, therefore, the Senator from
Kentucky wishes this resolution taken up and
considered at the present time, unless there be
some great public question here paramount to all
individual rights and interests, I shall vote to
take it up and to consider it.
"Mr. HOWE. I rosfc just now substantially to
say what has been said by the Senator from Con-
necticut better than 1 could have said it myself.
'I am in the condition of the Senator from Rhode
Island precisely. I have never read, and I do not
know that I have ever seen the resolutions intro-
duced by the Senator from Kentucky, and Upon the
doctiines of which, as I understand it, the reso-
lution of the Senator from Massachusetts is predi-
cated. But I do not understand that thereisany
question of fact to be inquiicd into. We need
no investigation. I understand the misconduct,
whatever it may be, attributed to the Senator
from Kentucky, is apparent upon the face of cer-
tain resolutions that he has introduced here. If
tlx- Senator impeached is anxious for a speedy
trial, although there may be no clauso of the Con-
stitution which gives it to him, it seems to me
every ruicof propriety requires us toacccde to him
a trial as early as he sees fit to ask it. I under-
stand, however, fiom the Senator that he does not
propose to press thediscussion this morning. lie
asks the Senate to proceed to its consideration,
and is then entirely willing that Hie discussion
of it shall be postponed to a day certain, if the
day be an early one, and I understand he is not
very particular as to the piecise day that shall be
assigned. I hope the Senator will be gratified in
this regard. *
The VICE PRESIDENT. The ^question is
on the motion of the Senator from Kentucky to
take up the icsolution indicated by him.
The motion was agreed to;and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution, sub-
mitted by Mr. Wilson on Friday last:
Where:\« the Hon. Garrett Davis, a Senator from the
State of Kentucky, did, on the otli day of January, A. 1).
1864, intioduee into the Senate of the United Status a hC-
iie of loolutions in which, among other things, it is de-
claied that •' the people Noith ought to revolt against their
war leader.^ and talte this great matter into their own
hands," thereby meaning to incite the people of the United
States to jevoit against the President of flic United States
and those iu authority who support hnn in the prosecution
of tho war to preserve, protcct, and defend the Constitution
and the Union, and to take the prosecution of the war into
their own hands: Therefore*
Be it resolvec£, That the said Garrett Davis has, by
the introduction of the resolutions aforesaid, been guHty of
advising the people of the United States to treasonable,
insurrectionary, and rebellious action against the Govern-
ment of the United States, and of a gross violation of the
privileges of the Senate; for which causes he is hereby
expelled.
Mr. DAVIS. If my own wishes-could.bc con-
sulted in relation to the subjecV-I would ask that
the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration,
but I do not desire to seem ungracious or to press
unreasonably the consideration of this resolution.
I will therefore move that it be postponed to and
made the special order for Wednesday next at
one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
DEATH OF IION. LEMUEL BOWDEN.
Mr. CARLILE. Mr. President, during the
recess, death has made vacant the seat beside me.
Lemuel J. Bowden, my colleague in this body,
died, in this city, on Saturday, tho 2d instant.
Mr. Bowden resided in the extreme eastern part
of our State, several hundred miles from me, and
with his early life I am entirely unacquainted. I
first met him in 1851, as a member of the conven-
tion that formed the present constitution of our
State. In that body he early took rank among
its readiest and ablest debaters. Residing in a
section of the State where the people were almost
a unit in favor of secession, lie never faltered in
his devotion to the Union. lie was an able law-
yer! an accomplished gentleman, a sincere patriot,
and an honest man. I move the'adoption of the
following resolutions:
The Senate having received the sad intelligence that
(during ihe lecess of the two Houses of Congress) Hon.
jjbmuli. J. Bowden, Senatoi of the United States fiom the
State of Virginia, dopaited thn life in tho city of Washing-
ton, on Satnidny, the 2d instant, and also that the funeral
was conducted under theariangemcntof the committee ap-
pointed for that purpose by the Vice Piesid-cnt^and eauicd
out by the Beige .mi-at-Aims of the Senate: Theujfore,
Resolved ,'Vha.t the Senate, mordei to testify their rcrpect
for the memoiy of Hon. Lfmuct- J. Dowi>Fsr,'lntc a Senator
of the United States fiom the Sl.Ue of Viigniia, will wear
the usual badge of mourning for the --pace of tluiry d<us.
Resolved, That a^ an additional maik or tcfipeet for the
memory of tho deceased, the Senate do now .tdjouin.
Mr. WILLEY. Air; President, although my
acquaintance with Mr. Bowden was not very inti-
mate, yet it was sufficient to justify me in saying
that the Senate and the country have cause to re-
gret his demise. He was, I underftand, about
fifty-two years of age af the time of his death.
He was an eminent lawver. Peihaps there were
none more so iu lower Virginia. He had served
twb or three sessions as a delegate to the General
Assembly of Virginia, acquitting himself honor-
ably and with benefit to the State. I first became
acquainted with him in 1851, during the session
of tho constitutional convention of Virginia, of
which he was a member. The question which
absorbed tho-especial attention of that body, was
the basis of representation in the two Houses of
the General Assembly. The people of the west-
ern part of the State insisted that representation
should be apportioned according to white popu-
lation, or the light of suffrage. The people of
the eastern section of the Commonwealth de-
manded that it should be apportioned according
to population and property or taxation. The foi-
mer was called " the white basis," sometimes
" the suffrage basis;" the latter was called " the
mixed basis,"sometimes " the black basis." The
alleged policy of the mixed or black basis was
to protect the eastern part of the State, hugely
interested in slaves, against oppressive and mordi-
j nate taxation by the western part of the State,
| which had a large majority of white population,
i but comparatively few slaves. Mr. Bowdex was
one of the very tew membeis of the, convention
residing cast of the Blue Ridge who espoused the
principle of the right of suffrage as the true source
of the legislative power of the State, and planted
himselffirmly on " the white basis;"consequrnily
he became the object of the most violent denun-
ciation both in the convention and out of it. Pub-
lic meetings were called in the distiici which he
represented, and strong efforts were made to in-
struct him to resign his seat; but tie went home,
met his adversaries every where on the hustings,
defeated their designs, and was nobly sustained
by his constituents. I am happy to-day, Mr,
President, to be made the organ through ^wh'otn •
the people I represent on thfsr floor fccfenowled^e
the debt of gratitude which.tliejr owe to thVoe-
ccased for the disinterested and-- distinguished-ser- %
vices which he rendered to them on thatoccasfon.
West Virginia will ever cherisVhis memory, *
But the firmness with which Mr. BowtfEarsi-
ways adhered to his convictions: of-Hvhat; was
right, has received more receht and more signal
illustration during the present melancholy rebel-
lion. Ho resisted the principle and policy of Re-
cession from,first to last. Residing in k s&etion
of the State where this fallacy was mostramp&nt,
he kept himself free from, oil taint of disloyalty.
Surrounded by the most illustrious champion^ of
those delusive ideas of State supremacy over na-
tional allegiance, alwaysso predominahfc*and now
so fatally disastrous, in Virginia, he maintained
his integrity untarnished, and,-at the risk offois
life, never forfeited either his self-respect or'his
fealty to the national Government. When the
authorities of the insurrectionary organization at
Richmond seized Ins property for the payment of
taxes, he paid the taxes to save his property ftofti
sacrifice, but notuntil thecoljectorhadgiveri him
a certificate that the payment was made under
duress. " • >
One of the most effective agencies which the
haughty instigators of the rebellion have brought
to bear upon the people of the South, istheexclu-
sion from all social relations of those who refuse
to adhere to their guilty cause. Mr.
living at the very seat of the.ancient aristocracy
of Virginia, constantly receiving and elegantly
dispensing those hospitalities for which Virginia
has been so famous, was literally driven from
society with the most imperial contempt. Yet,
thus isolated and ostracized—standing alone, as
irwerc, iu the midst of former friends—contemned
—hissed at—shunned as a leper, he never faltered
in his allegiance, but patiently awaited the hour
when the returning flag of the Republic should
rescue him from his captivity and his disgrace.
It did come} but only remained long enough to
allow him to escape to aplaceofgreatersecurity.
When the forces under General iVicClellanevacu-
ated the Peninsula, where Mr. Bowden resided, he
deemed it prudent to retire with them. Then fol-
lowed rapine and confiscation by the rebel gov-
ernment, until the accumulations of life of pro-
fessional toil, amounting as I am informed to
near one hundred thousand dollars, were swept
away, and he was an exile from his native State,
rich now only in a loyalty which no wealth could
bribe or corrupt, no adversity diminish, no power
subdue.
Such, sir, are thepriconnd the penalties' of loy-
alty in the States m rebellion. Elsewhere it may
be a sentiment—there it is a fact. Sir, traitors
are entitled to no concession. Thus far they have
asked none. But shall I depart from the propri-
eties of the present hour, or unwarrantably dis-
turb its sacred solemnities, if I shall say that to
the Union men of the South it would be magnan-
imous to make concessions? Nay, would it not
he just and wish?
In politics, Mr. Bowden usually acted with the
Whig party. But in this, as in every other de-
partment of life, his independence of thoughtand
conduct was conspicuous. He never hesitated to
sacrifice his attachments for his party to his re-
gard for his principles. The obligations of the
patriot were paramount to the prejudices and pas-
sions 'of the partisan. His great rule of life
seemed to be, to seek to know the right and then
to pursue it, regardless of all personal consequen-
ces. This disunguishingfeaiure of hischaracter
was never more manifest than since the com-
mencement of the existing insurrection. lie ap-
peared to have renounced all party feelings and
affinities, and to have dedicated himself, without
reservation, to thesole great purpose ofsuppress-
ing the rebellion and restoring the Union and the
Constitution. It was on the very day when he
took his scat as a member of this body that X
hoard him refer approvingly to the noble senti-
ments uttered by Mr. Douglas shortly before his
death,that
'•There can be but two sides to the present contioversy.
£veiy man must bo on the ea$e of the United States dr-
ajjanivt it. Thoie can be no neutrals in this war." * *
x * " yyho&oever is not prepared to sacrifice party
organizations and platform^ on the altar ofhis country, does
not deserve the supportandcountertanceof an honest peo-
ple. We nm. l cease discussing party issues, make no alia-
