1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
from Ohio will yield for amendments to the bill.
I desire to submit an amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have no disposition to
hurry the matter, except on the simple ground
of its.beina- a vital matter.
Mr. RAN DALL, of Pennsylvania. I know
it is vital, and hence we should discuss it.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Coffroth] desires to ask me some
question about the fourth section.
Mr. BROOKS. 1 rise to a question of order.
If this "bill is not before the House, no question
'can be asked about it, and no amendments offered.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. No amendments
can be proposed, but questions may be asked.
Mr. COFFROTH. 1 desire to ask the gentle-
man from Ohio a single question. The fourth
section provides that volunteers shall be accepted
in lieu of such drafted men prior to the day^ap-
pointed for the draft. Suppose A is enrolled and
subject to draft, can he at any time prior to the
time of the draft being made, put in a substitute
who is not his father, brother, or son, and be re-
leased !
Mr. SCHENCK. No, sir; but he can assist
his neighbors to fill up the quotaof the district.
Mr. COFFROTH. Then, as I understand the
gentleman from Ohio, no substitutes can be put
in, and the only way to escape the draft is by
raising the quota of the town or township.
Mr.SCHENCK. Tiialis theidea—todoaway
with commutation.
Mr. MALLORY. I rise to a question of order.
I wish to know in what stage the bill now is?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The motion is
to reject the bill.
Mr. MALLORY. May I inquire who made
that motion ?
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I objected
to the bill.
Mr. MALLORY. Then unquestionably the
gentleman from Ohio was not entitled to the floor.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I desire
to know whether my objection to the bill did not
give me the floor in reply to the gentleman from
Ohio. -
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It would not
give the gentleman the floor as long as the gen-
tleman from Ohio said he was only pausing.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. And where
does the effect of my objection come in?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from Ohio had the floor when I took the chair,
and was making his speech without objection.
It is too late to object now.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I think
I have yielded nothing.
Mr. SCHENCK. Objection was made to the
second reading of the bill, and the Speaker then
occupying the chair decided that the motion to
be put was to reject the bill: I ascertained from
him that the motion was debatable, stating that
I did not wish so important a motion to be put
without some explanation.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will
state that the member reporting a bill has the
right to the floor upon it, no matter what motion
may be made in reference to it.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move the previous question.
Mr. MALLORY. I ask the gentleman to al-
low me a very few minutes to show why the bill
ought to be rejected.
Mr. SCHENCK. You can do that some other
time.
Mr. MALLORY. If the motion prevails there
■will be nothing left to discuss.
Mr. SCHENCK. If the motion prevails, the
gentleman will have accomplished his purpose
without a speech.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to know whether, if
the motion shall not prevail, the bill will be open
for amendment?
Mr. SCHENCK. It will. I stated in the
outset that I proposed to allow opportunity for
amendment, and 1 insist on my demand for the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to bo put.
Mr. STILES demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was lakon; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas "<5, nays To, not \oling 3:2; as
fuiloWfol
YUAri—Alesiio. JamesC. Alien,Willi,un J. Alien, Amc.-,
0H0
Ancona,Bally, Augustus C.Baldwin, Bliss, Brooks,James
S. Brown, Chanler, Coffroth, Cox, Cravens, Dawson, ]>eni-
son, Eden, Edgerton, Eldridge, English, Finck, Ganson,
Grider, Griswold, Harding, Hanuigton, Ucnjatmn G. Har-
ris, Hernck,Hotehkiss, Hutehins, Pin hp Johnson, William
Johnson, Kalbflojsch, Knapp, Law, Luzear, Le Blond,
Mallory.Marey, McDowell, McKinney,,Middleton, William
II. Miller, Daniel Morris, James R. Mortis, Morrison, Nel-
son, Noble, Odell, John O'Neill, Pendleton, Perry, Pruyrt,
Radfoid, Samuel J. Randal!, Robinson, Rogers, Jam^s S.
Rollins, Ross, Scofield, Scott, John B. Steele, William G.
Steele, Stevens, Stiles, Strouse, Stuart, Sweat, Wadsworth,
Ward, Webster, Whaley, Wheeler. Chilton A. White,
Joseph W  White, and Wmficld—75.
NAYS—Messrs. AHey, Arnold, Ashley, John D. Baldwin,
Baxter, Boaman, Blaine, Blair, Blow, Boutwell, Boyd,
Broomall, WiiliamG. Brown, Ambrose W. Clark,Freeman
Clarke, Cobb, Cole, Thomas T. Davis, Dawes, Deming,
Dixon, Donnelly, Driggs, Eckley, Eliot, Farnsworth, Pen-
ton, Frank, Garfield, Gooch, Highy, Ilonper, Asahei W.
Hubbard, John II. Hubbard, Huiburd, Ingersoll, Julian,
Kasson, Rellcy, Francis W. Kellogg, Knox, Loan, Long-,
year,Marvin, McGinn*, Samuel F. Miller, Moorhead,Mor-
rill, Ainos Myers, Leonard Myers, Noiton, Charles O'Neill,
Orth, Patterson, Perham, Pike, Pomeroy, Puce, John II.
Rice, Edward II. Rollins, Schenck, Shannon, Sloan,
Sinithers, Thayer, Titoma*, Tracy, Upson, Van Valken-
buigh, Elihu B. Washburne, William B. Washburn, Wil-
liams, Wilder, Wilson, and Windom—75.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, Brande-
?ee, Clay, Cresvvell, Henry Winter Davis, Dumont, Grin-
nell, Hale, Hall, Charles M. Harris, Holnian, Jenckcs, Or-
lando Kellogg, Kernan, King,Littlejohn, Long, McAllister,
MeBiide, Mclndoe, William H. Randall, Alexander H.
Rice, Smith, Spalding, Starr, Stebbins, Voorhees, Benja-
min Wood, FernandoWoodjWoodbridge, and Yeainan—32.
The SPEAKER voted in the negative.
So the bill was not rejected. *"
During the call of the roll,
Mr. STEELE, of New Yprk, stated that Mr.
Kernan had paired with Mr. Allison-.
Mr. McBRlDE stated that he had paired with
Mr. Hall.
The bill was then read a second time.
Mr. BLAINE. Is the bill now open for amend-
ment? *
The SPEAKER, his.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania, obtained
the floor.
Mr. RLAINE. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me for a moment for the purpose of submit-
ting an amendment.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I will
yield to the gentleman for that purpose*
Mr. BLAINE. I move to amend by striking
out the first and second sections, and upon that
I wish to make a few remarks.
Mr. SCHEStCK. Do X understand that I am
not entitled to the floor?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
did not claim the floor, and the Chair awarded it
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. SCHENCK. I rose instantly when the
vote was announced.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not observe
the gentleman, or he would have awarded him the
floor as tire member reporting.^he bill.
Mr. BLAINE. The sections which I have
moved to strike from the bill are as follows, and
I ask the attention of the House while I read
thorn, as I wish every gentleman on this floor to
understand their full scope and purport. The
bill has been so recently placed on our desks that
gentlemen may have neglected to observe its
provisions:
lh if C7tacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the Umtcd Stuf.cs of J2ihencum Congress asuemlduf, That
so much of the act entitled ''An act for emolhng and call-
ing our the national forces, and ior other purposes," ap-
piovcd March and of the several acts amendatory
thereof, as provides ibi a commutation in money, to be
paid by pers-ons enrolled nr di.iftert for mimaiy service, in
tiuu of actually rendering Mich mihtniy f-ervice, be, and
the s-ame is hrjfby, repeated; and hereaJter no payment of
nnwv shall be accepted or roocived ' y the Gnvei nment to
any enrolled or dtafled man hum obligation to per-
foim mihtnry duty.
Sec *2. Jlnd be it fuithci cnaetcrf, That hereafter no poi-
son shall he iect ivuI ot accepted to serve jo the A) my of
the United States as a saibf-ttlure foi any other peiMm liable
to military duty and who may have been enrolled or drafted
for that puipose, unless Mich MibMitute be the father,
biother, or ot the prison ^omuoiled or dialled,and for
whom he proposes to become such substitute.
This stringent and unprecedented measure is
called for, Mr. Speaker, by this Provost Marshal
General, upon the assumption that the conscrip-
tion law as it exists now cannot be m&de an ef-
fective agency in recruiting the ranks ot the
Army. Upon this point, aticl il js the really vital
point in the controversy, J take issue; and I beg
(lie aUeauon of the House while i irview and
analyze the facts and figures presented in the let-
ter of the. Provost Marshal Generaf 'trpoia which
the proposed legislation is founded* • j.
The results of the draft in eight districts are
given > and they may be very briefly sumraedup
as follows; the total number of me« examined
was 14*741, of whom 7,016 were exempted und«r
the law for physical disability andother causes,
This was about fifty per cent., not higher fhaa the
average of exemptions in all cases ofdraftin this
war and in former ware. The number thus left
liable to service was 7,725, and this was* the total
number that <k>uld he held, if the- periling bffi
should become a law. The actual result was that.
2,675 men entered the service in persottor by sub-
stitute, and 5,050 paid the commutation fee. Thus
the Department got something more than one
third of all the men liable to service, and in ad-
dition received more than a million and a half of
dollars in money, which can- be applied to tho
payment of bounties for volunteers. This, then,
was the net result of the draft in the-eight districts
so much complained of. And I prest^me^ sir, the
.Provost Marshal General exhibited the worst dis-
tricts from which returns had been made; and in
saying this I do not mean to imply any unfair-
ness on the part of that able oiScer, laut simply
that he desired and intended to present his case
in the strongest possible light.
Now, sir, taking the facts as we find them, I
submit, as a matter of common sense and sound
judgment, that if the draft is kept running in all
the districts of the United States with the precise
average result attained in the eight districts re-
ferred to more men will be obtained for the Army
than could be hoped for under the rigorous law
that is now proposed. I do not think there is a
sensible man on this floor—and we are all sensi-
ble men—who believes that the Government, in
the exercise of the most ordinary prudence, would
proceed to carry out a compulsory draft of the
kind now proposed without taking the precaution
to distribute a strong military force to maintain
order at the various points where the experience
of the past admonishes us that disloyal demon-
strations and riotous proceedings might be antici-
pated. And admitting this much, sir, I ask any
gentleman if he presumes that this law would
have the effect to produce men in as rapid a ratio
as the demand for them would be enhanced by its
enforcement? For myself I am free to confess
my belief that you would not raise enough addi-
tional men to supply the police force that would
be required at the headquarters of the conscription ..
districts in certain sections that might be named.
I do not speak in this way, sir, because of any
apprehension of disloyal conduct in my own dis-
trict or State. The sentiment of Maine is loyal
to the core, and she has shown her loyalty by
complying with patriotic readiness to all demands
thus far made upon her for soldiers to'recruit the
Army, or for sailors to man the Navy. But I
might well ask in this connection why a State
that has been forward among the foremost in the
discharge of every duty should have her citizens
subjected to so harsh a measure as that now pro-
posed ? At least let us have recreancy alleged,if
not proved, before we proceed to impose " pains
and penalties" upon communities and States that
have never yet failed or faltered in responding to
all demands made upon their patriotism and their
valor. Do not, I pray you, by any action here
proclaim to the world that you have no faith in
the loyal people of the United States. Do not
allow it to appear, even by implication, that the
people need to be goaded and driven into the sup-
port of the "people's war"—a war waged for
" the rights of the people," and which can only
be supported by the willing hearts and the strong
arms of the loyal citizens of this country, and
which will be supported by them until the object
for which the contest was undertaken is,fully and
finally achieved.
A conscription is a hard thing at best, Mr.
Speaker, but the people of this country are pa-
triotically willing to submit- to one m this £reat
crisis for the great cause at stake. There is no
necessity, however, for making it absolutely mer-
ciless ami sweeping. I say in my judgment there
is no necessity for making it so, even if there
were no antecedent question as to the expediency
and practicability of the measure. I beliovo tho
law as it stands, allowing commutation and sub-
stitution, is sufficiently effective it judiciously en-
forced. it will raise a large number of men by
