S146
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 21,
its direct operation, and it will secure a very large
amount of money with which to pay bounties to
volunteers.
Mr. KELLOGG, *of Michigan. The gentle-
man from Maine has forgotten that the law now
prohibit^ the Secretary of War from paying any
more §300 bounties.
Mr. BLAINE. No, I am aware of that; but
it will be very easy for us to change the law in
that respect and give th%>3ecretary the requisite
authority, much easier, I think, than you will find
it to pass the pending bill. If the two hundred
. districts in the loyal States were gone through
with, arriving at results no better than the aver-
age of the eight districts presented by the Provost
Marshal General, the result would be the enlist-
ment of nearly seventy thousand men and the
securing of $40,000,000 for bounties.
Mr. ODELL. I would call the attention of
the gentleman from Maine to the fact that in
the draft he gives the result of only the number
of men required were placed in the wheel, and not
fifty per cent, in addition as provided in the first
law enacted; hence there was the greater force in
his statement.
The present law now under discussion pro-
vides for the addition of fifty per cent, in future
drafts.
Mr. BLAINE. Precisely; that fact adds so
much to the truth and the strength of what I said,
and I am much obliged to the gentleman from
New York for the suggestion. His remark brings
to my mind a statement which I may as well
make in this connection. On the vote taken a few
minutes since, on the motion of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, "to reject the bill,"I voted
with the prevailing side in the negative; and I did
so because, in my judgment, all the sections, ex-
cept those which I have moved to strike out,
should be passed, especially those sections which
allow the drafting of men for one year and au-
thorize anew the addition of fifty per cent, to the
number directed to be drawn. And if my mo-
tion to amend by striking out the first two sec-
tions shall prevail, I shall then cordially support
all the remaining provisions of the bill.
As I occupy the floor by the courtesy of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, and as 1 agreed
to limit my remarks to fifteen minutes, I have
no time to go into a full discussion of the many
issues presented by the bill under consideration.
1 have been able only to glance very hurriedly at
. one of the main points of the question, «nd with
that I must leave it. Before taking my seat, how-
ever, I cannot refrain from asking gentlemen
around me whether in their judgment the pend-
ing measure, if submitted to the popular vote,
would receive the support of even a respectable
minority in any district in the loyal States? Just
let it be understood that whoever the lot falls on
tmisf go, regardless of all business considerations,
all private interests, all personal engagements, all
family obligations; that the draft ia to be sharp,
decisive, final, and inexorable, without commu-
tation and without substitution, and my word for
it you will create consternation in all the loyal
States. Such a conscription was never resorted
to but once, even in the French empire under the
absolutism of the first Napoleon; and for the
Congress of the United States to attempt its en-
forcement upon their constituents is to ignore the
first principles of republican and representative
Government.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I desire to
call the previous question, but before doing so I
will yield to the gentleman from Indiana for a
word.
Mr. ASHLEY. I ask the gentleman, before
he calls the previous question, to permit me to
offer an amendment.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I yield to
the gentleman from Indiana, who wishes to say
a word.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to offer an amend-
ment in the nature of a proviso to the first sec-
tion of the bill.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I do not
yield for that purpose.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask to have the amendment
read.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Provided, however, That before any general draft shall
hereafter be made the President of the United States shall,
by partial draft, in sueti States as have not furnished their
fill! quota of men, raise the necessary number of men to
equalize the number furnished by the several States, ac-
cording to their respective quotas, excluding from the com-
putation all such persons as have obtained exemption by
the paymcntof$300,and making the actual number of men
furnished the basis of the equalization.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I do not
yield for that amendment.
Mr. CHANLER. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to yield to me.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Certainly.
Mr. CHANLER. My object in rising to speak
to this bill is chiefly to draw the attention of the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs
to the fact that when the present bill, which he
seeks now to amend, was before the House a
short time since, a strong appeal was made to
him to repeal the conscription act, upon the state-
ment that it had been a failure, and that it would
continue to be a failure as a means of enrolling
and calling out the national forces. The chair-
man himself now comes forward and acknowl-
edges that it is a failure. Not only does the chair-
man speak for himself and his committee on this
point, but he adds the President and Secretary of
War to the number of those who declare the con-
scription act a failure; and that no doubt may
rest on the mind of the country as to the utter
failure of this once sovereign remedy for all our
losses,we are referred to Executive Document No.
97, on this subject. It is as follows:
To the Senate and House of Representatives:
£ have the honor to submit for the consideration of Con-
gress a letter and inclosure from the Secretary of War, with
my concurrence in the recommendation therein made.
ABRAHAM LINCOLN.
Washington, D. C., June 8, 1864.
War Department,
Washington City, June 7,1854.
Sir: 1 beg leiwe to submit to you a report made to me
by the Trovost Marshal General, showing the result of the
draft now going on to fill the deficiency in the quotas of
certain States, and recommending a repeal of the clause
in the enrollment act commonly known as the §300 clause.
The recommendation of the Provost Marshal General is
approved by this Department, and T trust that it will be
recommended by you to Congress. The recent successes
that have attended our arms lead to the hope that, by main-
taining our military strength, and giving itsuch'an increase
as the extended field of operations may require, an early
termination of the war may be attained. But to accom-
plish tills it is absolutely necessary that efficient means be
taken, with vigor and promptness, to keep the Army up to
its strength, and supply deficiencies occasioned by the
losses sustained by casualties In the field. To that end
resort must be had to a draft; but ample experience has
now shown that the pecuniary exemption from service frus-
trates the object of the enrollment law by furnishing money
instead of mrn.
An additional reason for repealing the $POO clause xs,
that it is contemplated to make the draft for a compar-
atively short term. The burden of military service will
therefore he lightened, but its certainty of furnishing troops
is an absolute essential to success.
I have the honor to be your obedient servant.
EDWIN M. STANTON,
Secretary of War.
To the 1'eesident.
War Department,
Provost Marshal Gfneral's Office,
Washington, June 6, 1864.
Sir: fn accordance with the amended enrollment act
approved Febiuary 2-1,1864, and your orders on thesubject,
I am now conducting a draft in various sub-districts for
their respective deficiencies on quotas of troops heretofore
assigned. The results of this draft, so far as shown by
repoits to tins date, arc worthy of attention. They are
briefly as follows :
Number of drafted men examined.  14,741
NumberexomptPd foi physical disability.... 4,374
Number exempted toi all othercauscs...... 2,6132
Total exempted      7,016
Number paid commutation money  5,050
Number who have furnished substitutes.... 1,41 G
Number held for personal service  1,259
(This last includes some who may yet pay
commutation money.)
Total not exempted     , 7,725
These reports come from sub-districts in eight different
States. I invite your attention to the small proportion of
soldiers being obtained under the existing law. I see no
reason to believe that the Army can be materially strength-
ened by draft so long as the §300 clause is in force, nor do
I think it safe to assume that the commutation paid by a
drafted man will enable the Government to procure a vol-
unteer or substitute in his place. I do not think that large
bounties by the United States should be again resorted to
for raising troops, I recommend that the $300 clause, as
it is known, be repealed.
I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JAMES B. FRY,
Provost Marshal General.
Hon. E. M. Stanton, Secretary of War.
And notwithstanding the provision of the
Constitution which provides fully for furnishing
troops and fitting out the armies of the Union in
a time of insurrection, the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs persistently, and in the
grasping spirit of centralization, although finding
the whole system of the draft a failure, rather
than abandon what will lead to a military despot-
ism, now brings this amendment into the House,
and under the specious plea that he is going to
ameliorate the condition of the people, that he is
going to remedy the evils of a draft, he presses
more earnestly than before a measure more ob-
jectionable than the first.
It gives to the President not only the power
under, which he has been acting heretofore, but it
gives him the right, whenever he may choose, to
call for an additional draft, and by this amend-
ment, to use the language of the eloquentand hu-
mane gentleman, the chairman of the Committed
on Military Affairs, thepeople are whipped on the
one side, and tempted on the other. It is a force
measure, brought forward under the very worst
auspices, and apparently with the very worst in-
tentions, and consequently cannot fail to produce
the most fatal result to the representative system
of this Government.
In this connection I feel it my duty to call at-
tention to the fact that a joint resolution "which
lies over under objection, but which will be
brought forward again by the Administration, in-
creases the commutation from ^300 to §400, with
an additional provision that black men may be
used as substitutes, thereby seeking to induce the
white race to surrender the power of the sword
and bayonet into the hands of the black. Under
that or a similar resolution, and by virtue of the
practical workingof this bill, I believe the armies
of this country will, in the course of time not far
distant, be composed of a majority of blacks, or-
ganized into a military system under the control
of the Executive, to continue thic war for polit-
ical purposes. The whole country may become
one scene of carnage and civil strife to gratify the
Executive will, whether of the present incumbent
or any other adventurer. Such will be the effect
of this bill if the third section is adopted.
The gentleman states that the first section is
introduced as a poor man's friend, the means by
which the poor man will be enabled to find an
easy remedy against the operations of the bill
which the Administration first forced upon this
House some months ago, and which experience
teaches the Administration was an error, costly
in blood, costly in treasure, costly to our national
fame. This section one is as follows:
*
That so much of the act entitled "An act for enrolling
and calling out the national forces, and for other purposes,"
approved March 3, 1863, and of the several acts amenda-
tory thereof, as provides for a commutation m money, to
be paid by persons enrolled or drafted for military service,
in lieu of actually rendering such military service, be, and
the same is hereby, repc&led ; and hereafter no payment of
money shall be accepted or received by the Government to
release any enrolled or drafted man from obligation to per-
form military duty.
And the second section, the honorable chair-
man informs us, is a happy expedient drawn from
the jaws of foreign nations, who are " aufait" in
all matters connected with conscription; and by
this section he designs to relieve those who are
subject to the exigencies of a draft. The section
is certainly foreign to all American freemen.
Here it is:
Sec.2. *dnd be it further enacted, That hereafter no per-
son shall he received or accepted to porvc in the Army of
the United States, as a substitute for any other person liable
to military duty and who may have been enrolled or drafted
for that pmpose, unless such substitute he the father, broth-
er, or son of the person so enrolled or drafted, and for whom
lie proposes to become such substitute.
Sir, it is not the first time that the horrid ex-
ample of the European system of government as
shadowed forth in the French Revolution has
been quoted u^on this floor, nor have we reason
to expect that it will be the last, but certainly it
is unbecoming a representative body of Ameri-
can citizens to bring forward a measure such as
this which outrages all the affections of family
and ties of blood. Sir, that is a provision worthy of
the Military Committee, bututterly unworthy of
the American people. They have at all times
during this war, fathers, brothers, sons, came
forward willingly under the old system of the
Constitution, before these hideous monsters of
war were developed under your odious plea of
military necessity, and fought in the ranks of the
