THE CONGrllESSION AL GLOBE.
January 11,
irtonstooia party have no criminations and recrim-
inations, iii(lu!g<! in no taunts one against another, as to
who has been the cause ot" these troubles."
But, sir, the deceased is now beyond the reach
of either the praise of Ins friends or the persecu-
tion of his enemies. No traitorous violence shall
assail hint mofe. He hasgone to hia reward. I
wn not advised of his religious views or hopes.
But I am safe, I think, in saying that one so
true to his country could hardly be false to his'
Creator. •
" Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, after the army
■of rive Potomac, in its advance up the Peninsula,
had reached Williamsburg, the home of the la-
mented Senator whose death has just been an-
nounced, he called upon me to represent the con-
dition of his few loyal friends and neighbors, and
to consult concerning our affairs in Virginia. I
saw that he was actuated by an intense, vehement,
and passionate devotion to the Union, and to the
institutions of his country. 1 saw, too, that he
.was a gentleman of capacity, of large intelligence,
and rare information concerning men and affairs
in the rebel States. The hand of rebel power had
been laid heavily upon him and upon his kindred.
Advancing and retreating armies had desolated
his fields, devoured his harvest's, and wasted his
substance; but he seemed ready to sacrifice all
for his country, menaced by rebel power. He
had stood inflexibly by his country when the
timid shrank back and the false betrayed her.
He invoked the pro-tection of the Governmentfor
the faithful and tearless few in the land of the re-
bellion, and demanded the repression of rebel
tyranny by the vigor of war. To the Government
of his country he gave heart and voice and vote,
till he sank into a patriot's grave. To our sick
and wounded heroes ill the hospitals of Williams-
burg he gave the word of sympathy and the deed
of charity, which they will gratefully remember
in their northern homes.
On entering the Senate Mr. Bowden was as-
signed to the Comm'ittee on Military Affairs.
Brief as was his connection with the committee,
his colleagues will ever bear witness that in the
committee he over evinced his readiness to sus-
tain-the measures of his Government tending to
the suppression of the rebellion and the restora-
tion of ihc Union, and to deal justly by the men
whose names passed before us. 1 am sure I but
express the sentiments of the members of the com-
mittee and of the Senate when I say that he was
devoted to his country, fair, liberal, und high-
minded in his action, and tolerant toward all but
the enemies of his country.
Mr. Bowdem was a true representative of the
sentiment of Virginia when she followed the pa-
triotic counsels of Washington and Marshall, Jef-
ferson and Madison,and the lllusti ious men who
so long led in her councils and in the high places
of the Republic. Smitten by a terrible disease,
he has passed from this Chamber forever; but he
leaves behind him a record fedoleiitof patriotism.
We, his comrades in the strife, will honor his
name and cherish his memory by living 111 the
hope that thosre who come after him in tins
Chamber may evei be animated by his fidelity
to his country, by his broad, hbeial, and expans-
ive patriotism, that embraced the whole eountiy
and its institutions of freedom. *
The resolutions were unanimously adopted,  ml
the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, January XI, 18G4.
The [louse met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. VV. H. Channing.
The Journal of Thursday last was lead.
CORRECTION OF TUB JOURNAL.
Mr.NORTON. I iisc to a privileged question,
and that is the correction of the Journal of Thurs-
day last. In the Globe I do not find myself re-
ported as having voted on the resolution of the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Baldwin,]
or on the resolution of the gentleman from New
Jersey, [Mr. Rogers.] [ voted ill favor of laying i
the latter upon the table, and in favor of thefoi mer. '
If the Journal is wrong m that lespect, I ask that
it be corrected. j
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is recorded i
in (he Journal as having voted in favor of the 1
preamble to the resolution of tiit* gentleman from :
Massachusetts, [Mr. Baldwin,] but not on the
other questions*
Mr. NORTON. I ask that the Journal be cor-
rected. i voted for the preamble and resolution
of the gentleman from Massachusetts,[Mr. Bald-
win,].and in favor of laying the resolution of the
gentleman from New Jersey [Mr. Rogers] upon
the table.
The Journal was corrected accordingly, afid
then approved.
DELEGATE tfttOM NEVADA.
Mr. COLE, of California, submitted the cre-
dentials of Gordon N. Mott, Delegate elect from
the Territory of Nevada.
Mr, MOTT presented himself at the Speaker's
desk,and was sworn in.
DISTRICT LAWS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the re-
port of the commission to digest and revise the
laws of the District of Columbia; which was re-
ferred to the Committee for the District of Co-
lumbia, and ordered to be printed.
POSTAL MATTERS AT I'HILADKLPIIIA .
The SPEAKER also laid before the* House a
letter from the Postmaster General on postal mat-
ters at Philadelphia; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads, and
ordered to be punted.
UNITED STATES STEAMER, 1I0WQUA.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
letter from the Secretary of the Navy, inclosing
the report of Lieutenant Devens, of the United
States steamer Howqua, as to the treatment of
the olficers and crew at Halifax, in June last;
which was referred to the Committee on Foreign
A/fairs, and ordered to be printed.
BANKS IN THE UNITED STATES.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House the
annual repoit on the banks of the United States;
which was referred to the Committee of Ways
und Means, and ordered to be printed.
SERVICE ON COMMITTEE.
Mr. BRANDEGEE asked and obtained con-
Rent to be excused from farther service on the
Committee on Expenditures on the Public Build-
ings.
CALL OF STATES.
The SPEAKER stated that the first business
in order was the call of States for bills on leave,
for reference only.
CHILDREN OF IIULDAII BUT LEU.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, intro-
duced a bill for the relief of Sarah Whitney and
Mary Hungerford, children of lluidah Butler-,
which was referred to the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Pensions, with the papeison file in the
case.
PILOTS AND PILOTAGE.
Mr. ELIOT introduced a bill to regulate pilots
and pilotage; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
REBELLION LOSSES.
Mr. FENTON introduced a bill relating to
claims for the loss and destruction of property be-
longing to loyal citizens,and d< m«gp&done thereto
by the troops of the United States during the
piesent rebellion; which was read a firstami sec-
ond lime, and referred to the Committee of Claims.
NATAL APPRENTICES.
Mr. FENTON also introduced a bill to require
the employment o^ apprentices in the commercial
ji marine of the United States; whieh was read a
|i fii st and second time, and referred to the Com-
h mittee on Commerce.
I RAILWAY TO NEW YORK,
j Mr. FENTON also introduced a bill to pro-
j vide for the construction of a national mihtaiy
, and postal ra:hvay from the city of Washington
j to the city of New York; which was read a first
and second time, and refuned to the seiect com- ;
| mittee on that subject. |
; LIEUTENANT COLONEL GARDNER. |
; Mr. VAN VALKENBURGH introduced tx j
j bill for the relief of Lieutenant Colonel John L. I
Gardner; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee of Claims.
PAYMENT OF BOUNTIES.
Mr. MORRIS, of New York, introduced a bill
to provide for the payment of bounties to certain
troops; which was read a first and secopd time,
and referred to the Committee on Military Af*
fairs.
REPAYMENT OF BOUNTIES.
Mr. ROGERS introduced a joint resolution to
repay bounties; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
ARMY PAX.
Mr. ROGERS also introduced a bill to increase
the pay of the Army; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. ROGERS. I ask that these bills be or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object.
PENNSYLVANIA JUDICIAL DISTRICTS.
Mr. SCOFIELD introduced a bill to divide the
State of Pennsylvania into three judicial districts,
and to establish a district court to be held in the
city of Erie; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
WASHINGTON SAVINGS BANK.
Mr. SCOFIELD also introduced a bill to-in-
corporate the Washington City Savings Bank;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee for the District of Colum-
bia.
JOHN C. CARTER.
Mr. SCOFIELD also introduced a joint reso-
lution for the relief of John C. Carter; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
POWDER MAGAZINE IN PENNSYLVANIA.
Mr. O'NEILL, of Pennsylvania, introduced
a bill donating to the Slate of Pennsylvania cer-
tain lands in the county of Philadelphia for the
election thereon of a powder magazine; which
was referred to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, and ordered to be printed.
VEXATIOUS APPEALS.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland, introduced a bill to
prevent vexatious appeals; which was referred
to the Committeeon the Judiciary,and ordered to
be printed.
OATII OF ALLEGIANCE.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland, also introduced a
bill to require certain persons to take the oath of
allegiance; which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. NOBLE. I desire to offer a resolution,
ami have it referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means.
The SPEAKER. This call is simply for bills
and joint resolutions for reference.
OFFICERS, ETC., OF GUNBOAT CINCINNATI.
Mr. SPALDING introduced the following joint
resolution; which was read a fust and second
time, arid leferred to the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs:
Resolve-) by the Senate ami IJouie of Representatives of the
(Jutted States of ~lmou-a in Conor est assembled. That the
pioper accounting otliccis ot the TieaMirj he,and they arc
hen'tjy. iinthoi f'/.ed, 111 settling the Accounts ot the petty of-
fice, penmen, anil other* of the crew ot the United States
gunboat <'ineninati, to allow to each of them ait lurk pay,
!uid a sine not exceednmfnl> dollars forlo.-* of clothing wid
other piopeity by the Mnk.im of said vessel m the Missis-
sippi river, near Vick&burg, on the 27th day ot May, 1863.
Mr. GRIDER. I desire to olTer a resolution
of inquiry.
The SPEAKER. Resolu lions are not in order
under this call. This is a call for bills and joint
resolutions for releionce only. Resolutions will
be m order when the States are called for resolu-
tions.
PAV FOB LOSS OF SOLDIERS' CLOTHING, ETC.
Mr. QRTH, in pursuance of previous notice,
introduced a bill to compensate non-commissioned
officers, musicians, and private soldiers in the mil-
itary service of the United Suites for the loss or
destruction of clothing or equipments, where such
