1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2171
Mr. HOWARD presented a petition of citizens
of Jackson county, Michigan, praying that a
duty of not less than twenty cents per pound may
be imposed on all wool imported into the United
States; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. COWAN presented a petition of persons
engaged in the express business in Pennsylvania,
remonstrating against any change in the act of
March 3, 1863, regulating the manner of taxing
express companies; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. HOWE presented a petition of citizens of
Stiles, Oconto county, Wisconsin, praying for the
establishment of a mail route from the northern
terminus of the Northwestern railroad at Port
Howard to Stiles, in Oconto county, in that State;
which was referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. BUCKALEW presented a petition of mer-
chants of Philadelphia, praying for the passage
of an act taxing the circulation of State banks;
which was referred to the Committee on Finance.
PAPERS "WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. LANE, of Kansas, it was
Ordered, That the official members of the Episcopal
church, Wyandott and Q.uindaro mission, Kansas confer-
ence, have leave to withdraw their petition and oilier pa-
pers from the files of the Senate.
1USP0KTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. FOOT. The Committee on Public Build-
ings and Grounds, to whom was referred the re-
port of the Secretary of the Treasury, commu-
nicating, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate of the 16th of April, information in rela-
tion to the proposed change of the south front of
the Treasury building, have, had the samo under
consideration, and directed me to report the fol-
lowing resolution as the judgment of the com-
mittee. I ask for the present consideration of this
resolution:
Resolved, That it is inexpedient to make the proposed
change.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agieed to.
Mr. SUMNER. The select committee on
slavery and freedmen, to whom was referred a
petition of natives of Louisiana and citizens of
the United States of African descent, praying
that all the citizens of Louisiana of African de-
scent born free before the rebellion may be ad-
mitted to the rights and privileges of electors;
also sundry other petitions of colored citizens of
the United States, praying that the elective fran-
chise may be granted to the colored people of the
United States, have had the same under consid-
eration, and have directed me to report them back
"With a recommendation that they be referred to
the Committee on Territories, which, by vote of
the Senate, has that whole subject under consid-
eration.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 159) for a grant of lands to the State of Iowa,
in alternate sections, to aid in the construction of
a railroad in said State, reported it withoutamend-
nient.
Mr. CARLILE, from the Committee on Pub-
he Lands, to whom was referred a bill (S. No.
238) to ascertain and settle certain private land
claims in the State of California, reported it with
an amendment, and submitted a report; which
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. DOOLITTLE, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, to whom was referred a letter of
the Secretary of the Interior, communicating a
report of the Commissionei of Indian Affairs,
recommending an appropriation to pay the inter-
est due the Orchard Party and First Christian
Party of New York Indians, submitted an ad-
verse report; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOWARD, from the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad, reported an amendment to the
bill (S. No. ]3;2) to amend an act entitled "An
act to aid in the construction of a railroad and tel-
egraph Ime from the Missouri river to the Pacific
ocean, and to secure to the Government the use
of the same for postal, military, and other pur-
poses," approved July 1, 1862, which, by direc-
tion ofthe committee,he intended to propose win m
the bill should be taken up for consideration;
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. WADE. The committee on the conduct
onbe war, at the request of the Secretary of War,
have visited our released prisoners at Annapolis
and Baltimore, and have directed me to make a
report accompanied by the evidence taken by the
committee. I move that twenty thousand copies
of the report and evidence be printed for the use
of the Senate, and be printed with the report rel-
ative to the capture of Fort Pillow, as a part of
the same document.
The motion was agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move to postpone all
prior orders for the purpose of taking up Senate
bill No. 266. It is a bill to prevent smuggling,
and for other purposes.
Mr. HALE. I hope not until the morning
business is gone through with.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will give way for morn-
ing business after I get the bill up.
Mr. HALE. I hope the Senate will go on
with the morning business. Resolutions have
not yet been called for. I do not think it is ex-
actly fair—1 do not mean to intimate anything
unfair to the Senator from Michigan—it is not
exactly a fair way to take up a bill during the
morning hour and then foraSenator to say after
it is taken up 1 will give way and let in other
business. It gives an undue advantage. I hope
the ordinary course of business will be adhered
to,and that the Senate wiil notsanction that mode
of doing business. I have a resolution that I de-
sire to introduce.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Michigan
to take up the bill indicated by him.
The motion was not agreed to.
ELECTION OF CHAPLAIN.
Mr. HALE submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Senate will on Wednesday next, at
fifteen minutes after twelve o'clock, proceed to the choice
of a Chaplain ol tlie Senate.
TROUBLES BETWEEN CHILI AND BOLIVIA.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, submitted the follow-
ing resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That tlie President ot the United States he re-
quested, it'not inconsistent with the public, inteio-le, to
Jmcush to the Senate copies ol any leeeuteoricspondeuce
of tlie minister of tlie, United States at Chili lelatmg to
the exi-tmg tumbles between Chili and Bolivia.
CONDITION OF CONGRESSIONAL CHAMBERS.
'Mr. BUCICALEW. I submit tlie following
concurrent resolution:
Resolved by the Senate, (the House of Representatives
coueuuin?,) That a joint .select committee, to con?>i>t ot
three members on the pml of each House, he appointed by
the respective Fielding Oflioeis to examine into the pre*-
eni condition of the Senate Chamber and Hall ofthe Ilou->e
of llepicsuitativeri, as regard3 the lighting, heating, venti-
lation, find heaiing, and the defects and disadvantages ex-
i-tnur in the same; that the said committee obtain from
ChaiIo-5 F. Anderson, aiehiteet, a statement ofthe princi-
ples upon which he ptopose* to regulate these paiticulars,
Willi a view to their improvement, *o as to secure the better
adaptation of these Halls to the purpo-es of legislation and
the preservation of the health of those occupying them ;
and that the committee also obtain a statement or estimate
ot the expense that will attend the tieees>ary altciatmns,
and the piobable nine that will be required (or making them;
and the said committee <hall be authorized to make icport
by bill or otherwi>e at the present or next legular session
oi'Coiigi ess.
If there is no objection, I should like to have
the resolution considered at the present time.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the. icsolution.
j Mr. SUMNER. I will inquire of the Senator
I whether it would not be better for the Senate to
'[•confine its inquiry to its own Hall, without under-
!i taking to institute an inquiry with regard to tlie
■' Hall of the House of Representatives.
:j Mr. BUCKALEW. This suhjcctis bcingacted
.. upon by the House of Representatives, and it is
i; the desire of the chairman of the Committee on
' Public Buildings in that branch that the subject
j shall assume this foun. I think there wiil be great
.1 convenience in having the joint action of both j
i1 Houses on the subject. 1 have consulted with
i! the chairman of the Committee on Public Puild-
|j ings of the Senate and also of the House of Rep-
i! resentatives, and they agree in this proposed di-
ji rcction of the subject.
H Mr. SUMNER. I am clearly of opinion that
something ought to be done. My only question
was how we should approach the business, and
on that I have no opinion which is so positive as
to induce me even to make a suggestion counter
to the proposition before the Senate.
The resolution was adopted.
MINT AT SAN FRANCISCO.
Mr. CONNESS. I move now to postpone all
prior orders and take up Senate bill No. 176. "It
is a bill that was reported from the Committee on
Finance a long time since, and will excite no par-
ticular debate, I think. I ask the Senate to take
it up. The Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Chand-
ler,] who is so anxious to get up another bill,
can have the floor next.
The motion was agreed to; and th6 Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 176) authorizing the erection
of buildings for the branch mint at San Francisco.
It appropriates the sum of $300,000 to be ex-
pended, under the direction of the Secretary of
the Treasury, in the erection of a suitable build-
ing or buildings for the use oft he branch mint at
San Francisco, in the State of California.
Mr. CONNESS. In the sixth line o-f the bill
after the word " in" I move to insert the words
" the purchase of a site, if necessary, and;" so
that it will read:
To be expended, under the direction of the Secretary of
the Treasury, in the purchase of a site, if necessary, and
the erection of a suitable building; &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLLAMER. What is the amount of
the appropriation contained in tlie bill?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Three hun-
dred thousand dollars.
Mr. COLLAMER.. I will inquire of the gen-
tleman from California whether such an amount
as that is needed now when a mint has been
established in Oregon?
Mr. CONNESS. I will state for the informa-
tion of the Senator from Vermont and the Senate
that the establishment of a mint in Oregon can
only relieve the mint of S^n Francisco from a por-
tion of the increase that is naturally going on
from year to year in the production and coinage
of the precious metals on the Pacific coast. The
present mint at San Francisco is entirely unfitted
and unsuited for further operations, and the ques-
tion as to whether new buildings should be erected
is one that scarccly admits of any difference of
opinion. Many reports have been made to the
Secretary of the Treasury on the subjcct, and he
has recommended that this course be taken, and
recommended the appropriation of this amount.
It is true that since that time the Senate has de-
termined that§100,000 shall be appropriated for the
erection of a mint in Oregon, in place of $75,000,
which was also recommended, for the establish-
ment of an assay office there, there being a dif-
ference only of §25,000 between the amount ap-
propriated for a mint there and the amount that
was formally recommended for the establishment
of an assay office at that place. That cannot at
all affect the amount that may be necessary for
the erection of suitable buildings for a mint at
San Francisco, because the production of the
precious metals there is going on in a great ratio
of increase.
It will be remembered also by the Senator from
Vermont that—perhaps it is our misfortuue; I
will not speak in reference to that—the amount
of money proposed to be appropriated by this
bill is diminished by forty per cent, when it is
reduced to coin, which is the only money used
in California. I will say in addition that no mat-
ter what amount may be appropriated, it is to be
expended under the direction of the Secretary of
the Treasury, and no larger portion of the appro-
priation will be used than is found to be neces-
sary. I hope, therefore, that the amount will be
allowed to remain as it is.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to inquire of tlie Sen-
ator from California whether the Governmentdoes
not at present own a sufficient quantity of real
estate in San Ftancisco to accommodate the mint
buildings, and what amount it does own.
Mr. CONNESS. I am very glad the Senator
has made that inquiry, because it enables me to
state an interesting fact, perhaps, to the Senate
in that connection. The Government now owns
in tlie city of San Francisco one half of an entire
block, on which the custom-house, the post office,
