1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
• MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. McDon-
ald, one of their clerks, announced that the Sen-
ate requested the House of Representatives to re-
turn to the Senate a bill (S. No. 151) relating to
enlistments and for other purposes, for the pur-
pose of correcting an error in the engrossment"
' thereof.
There being no objection, it was ordered that
said bill be returned to the Senate.
ANNALS OF CONGRESS—AGAIN.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. Let us look at that argu-
ment a moment. Gales & Seaton were at that
time, as admitted by everybody, in debt. A por-
tion of this money doubtless was to go through
the hands of Gales & Seaton to their creditors.
Suppose it was. That accounts for the anxiety
of Gales & Seaton to have the contract completed
at an early day, and it relieves them from thecharge
made by ihegentleman from NewYork, that they
were guilty of indccent haste in endeavoring to
get hold of this money. They were, as is shown
by the evidence, and as is admitted by gentlemen
upon the other side, in debt. What better rea-
son could men have for an anxiety to receive this
money than a desire to pay their honest creditors?
An indifference upon their part as to whether they
got it or not would argue bad faith in them, and
would be only akin to that bad faith which would
make them incur these expenses, and then pre-
vent them from receiving the benefit of their un-
dertaking with the Government.
It is a singular argument to make, that because
the next day after the resolution passed they went
to the Clerk t,o get an order from the Clerk for
the work, and to get the money which,according
to the evidence, was to go for the benefit of then-
creditors, therefore they were guilty of indecent
haste. Especially is it a singular argument to
come from a man who stated to the Clerk the
next day after the passage of the resolution, that
he intended to try to get it rescinded, and yet
kept thatintention eleven days after without mak-
ing the attempt. Mr. Seaton, m good faith, sought
to get tins money that a portion of it might go to
the creditors, and the other" portion to reimburse
him for the expense of preparing and publishing
this work, which contains a succinct history of
the Congresses of the United States from the in-
ception of the Government down to the time that
Congress adopted the Congressional Globe as the
record of its proceedings. And to-day,at the pub-
lic expense, my friend from New York, [Mr. A.
W. Clark,] and my colleague, [Mr. Farns-
worth,] are receiving twenty-four copies each oft
that Congressional Globe which contains, in con-
tinuation, the same kind of information which we
find in this work of Gales & Seaton.
Now, sir, while the mere fact of the delivery of
these books in the library underthe circumstances
may not have been any such acceptance on the
part of the Houss as would be binding upon the
House, yet the fact that the publishers incurred,
according to the testimony, an expense of §300,
in my judgment goes ftir to the confirmation of
the contract on their part. That, in addition to
the bad faith in the matter, it does seem to ine,
should induce Congress to stand by their contract.
AVho can have faith in any action of this House
if undertakihgs of this sort are to be repealed at
the whim or caprice of members who may see fit
on any occasion after the adoption of such a res-
olution to thus rescind and repeal it?
I simply desire to say, sir, in conclusion, that it
seems to me that the House is in good faith bound
to pass this resolution. The question whether or
notthese books are needed at this particular time
in the library is not the question before the House.
The work is admitted by all who have examined
it to be a valuable one, and my judgment is that
if members would examine it more thoroughly
and see the high-toned sense of honor which act-
uated the men who were connected with the early
history of the Government, they would not thus
pass resolutions one day and repeal them the next;
they would learn that the pledges of Congress
mean something, and that when resolutions have
been passed under which men have incuired ex-
penses they ought not to be repealed at the whim
or caprice of members.
Now, there is nothing in the testimony which
has been spread before the House by the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. A. W. Clark,] and
the gentleman from Minnesota, [Mr. "Wjndom,]
that goes to show that there was any undue haste
on the part of Gales & Seaton, or that they had
knowledge that the House contemplated a repeal
of the resolution, or going to show that they did ,
not act with entire good faith throughout the whole
transaction. It does seem to me, therefore, that
it appeals to our sense of honor as well as our
sense of right to pass this resolution. 1 now re-
sign the floor to the gentleman from Kentucky.
Mr. SMITH resumed Hie floor.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I shall have
to appeal to the gentleman from Kentucky to yield
me a courtesy which I am sorry my colleague
could not yield to me, as he never refused me
such a courtesy before during the long service I
have had with him.
Mr. SMITH. How long a time does the gen-
tleman from Illinois desire?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. But a mo-
ment. I never detain the House long.
Mr. SMITH. Does that mean a minute ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Perhapstwo
minutes.
Mr. SMITH. I will yield the gentleman two
minutes of my time. .
Mr.WASHBURN^, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker,
I approach this subject without any feeling what-
ever. If 1 had any, it would be in favor of the
gentlemen who are interested in this question, for
with Mr. Seaton I have had a long acquaintance,
and I have enjoyed, I believe, his friendship, as he
has certainly enjoyed mine. But this is a matter
which I cannot'permit to govern my official ac-
tion here. When I asked my colleague [Mr. J.
C. Allen] to yield, in order that the resolution
might be read, I desired to say a word upon its
construction, but after the gentleman had heard
it read he refused to allow one word to be said in
regard to its construction. I wish to call the at-
tention of the House to the resolution now, and
see how far any contract arose between Messrs.
Gales & Seaton and the late House which passed
that resolution. The resolution was in these terms:
" That the Clerk of the House of Representatives
be directed"—to do what? Merely to procure
from the publishers for the use of the House, at
a cost not exceeding what has heretofore been
paid, so many copies of the Register of Debates.
We directed the Clerk of the House to do a cer-
tain 'act, and if he did not do it that was a matter
between him and the House, and these other par-
ties have no right to intervene or complain. Mr.
Etheridge,the Clerk, refused, under circumstances
in relation to which he has testified, to procure
the work which the resolution specified. The
House passed a resolution directing him to pro-
cure these books, and hei-efused to procure them,
and then Gales & Seaton undertook to send up the
books here, and it is upon that fact that my col-
lengne endeavors to enforce this idea of a contract
between the House and Gales &. Seaton.
1 see my friend from Kentucky [Mr. Smith]
holds up his watch. I will not take up more of
his time. I am very much obliged to lum for his
courtesy. enrolled bills.
Mi. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as truly enrolled bills of the follow-
ing titles; when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (S. No. 97) to enable the people of Col-
orado to form a constitution and State government,
and for the admission of such State into the Union
on an equal footing with the original States; and
An aet(S. No.'9G) to enable the people of-Ne-
vada to form a constitution and State government,
and for the admission of such State into the Union
on an equal footing with the original States.
ANNALS OF CONGRESS—AGAIN.
Mr. SMITH. Mr. Speaker, after the speech
of my colleague on the committee [Mr. Spald-
ing] there is little need for me to say a word. 1
wish, however, to have the attention of the House
for a remark in answer to the gentleman from Il-
linois, [Mr. Wasiiburne.] I regard his construc-
tion of the original resolution, and his criticism
on the action of the late Clerk, as one of the most
remarkable things ever done by a person pretend-
ing to so much ability as the gentleman really
possesses.
On the 29th of April, 1862, the resolution was
passed directing the Clerk to procure from the
publisher certain books, and to pay for them out
of the contingent fund of the House- Thee (lay
after the passage of that resolution Mr. Season,
the publisher of the work* called on the'C Jerk and
offered to deliver the books to him and to receive
the pay for them. The Clerk stated to him,a.s is
shown by the evidence in this case, that he hfid
no money on hand to pay for them, and that, un-
til money was appropriated,he would notreceive
the books. The Clerk testified further th&tmem- \
bers had come to him and requested ihat he should
not accept the books, because they intended to
move a reconsideration.
Mr. WILSON, Will thegentleman from Ken-
tucky yield to me for a question}
Mr. SMITH. I will.
Ml WADSWORTB. I must object.
Mr. SMITH. In consideration of the trouble
that had been goVup over the resolution, Mr.
Etheridge declined, to accept the books. Then
that man, whose reputation has been known in
this country longer than that of any man on the
floor, came to the Cleric, in good faith, to deliver
the books and to receive an order for the money,
to be paid after the appropriation should be made.
It was not done. I here declare that it is the duty
of the House, it is the duty of. every member on
this floor, whatever his prejud ices may be, to vote
for this resolution.
My attention was first called to'this matter by
a note from Mr. Seaton, whom I do not know,
whom i never saw in my life, saying that he had
been an intimate and personal friend of my father's
in thif House and in "Washington city years ago,
and that he would be glad if I would introduce
the resolution. After examining the question, I
found itwas a just and equitable claim, and 1 de-
termined to stand here pledged to him £nd the
country to vindicate it, and to say that it is hon-
estly due to him, and that the House will be dere-
lict in its duty if it does not pass this resolution.
I move the previous question.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to lay the res-
olution on the table; and on that I call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 67, nays 50; as follows:
YEAS— Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, Ashley, John
D. Baldwin, Baxter, Beaman, Blow, Boutwell, Brando-
gee, Broomall, Ambrose W. Clark, Cobb, Cole, Cresweli,
Thomas T. Davis, Dawes, Driggs, Dumonf, Fiimsworth,
Fenton, Frank, Garfield, Gooeli, Iligby, Nohnan, Hooper,
Hotchkiss,JolmfJ. Hubbard, Julian, Kasson, Kelley,Fran-
cis W. KeIiog<r, Loan,Longyear, Marvin, MeClui", Meln-
doc, Samuel F. Miller, Morrill, Danici Moms, Leonard
Myers, Norton, Odeil, Orth, Patterson, Perham, Pike, Price,
Alexander 11. Uiee, John H. ltice,Schenek, Scofield, Shan-
non, Smithcrs, Starr, Thayer, Tjacy, Upson, Van Valken-
burglr, Voorhees, Elihu B. Washbunie, Williams, Wilder,
Wilson, Wmdom, and Woodbridge—G7.
NAYti—Messrs. James C. Allen, BaHy, Augustus C.
Baldwin, Jacob B. Blair, Bliss, Chanler, Clay, CofiYoth,
Cox, Dawson, Demson, Eldridge,Griswold, Uanlmg, Har-
rington, Charles M. Harris, Herrick, KalbHeitcb, Law,
Long, Mallory, Marcy, McAlli-tcr, Middieton, William H.
Miller, Mooihcad, Morrison, Noble, John O'Neill, Pendle-
ton, Perry, Piuvn, Radford, Samuel J. Randall, James S.
Rollins, Robs, Smith, Stebbins, John B. Steele, Stiles,
Strouse, Stuart, Sweat,Thomas, Wad-sworth, Waid, Web-
ster, Whaley, Wheeler, and Teaman—50.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
During the roll-call,
Mr. KERNAN stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Davis, of Maryland. He would have
voted "no," and Mr. Dayis "ay."
Mr. COX stated that his colleagues, Messrs..
Johnson, C. A. White, J. W. White, and Mc-
Kinney, were absent on leave.
' Mr. WILSON stated that his colleague, Mr.
Hubbard, was absent on account of illness.
Mr. FARNSWORTHstated that his colleague,
Mr* Arnold, was paired off with Mr. Blair, of
Missouri.
Mr.'A. MYERS, not having been within the bar
when his name was called, asked leave to vote,
Mr. MILLER, of Pennsylvania, objected.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
Mr. FARNSWORTH moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was laid on the table;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
Mr. VOORHEES callcd for the yeas and nays
on the latter motion,
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I move that the House do
now adjourn, and demand the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered on ordering the yeas and
nays; and Messrs. Stiles, and Morris of New
York, were appointed.
