180
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11,
• was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
MAJOR JOIIN A. WllLTALIi.
Mr. PEREA also introduced a bill for the re-
lief of Major John A. Whitall, paymaster in the
United States Army, on account of stolen vouch-
ers; which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee of Claims.
"VOLUNTEERS IN MEXICAN WAR.
Mr. PBREA also introduced a bill for the pay-
ment of certain volunteer companies in the ser-
vice of the United States in the war with Mexico,
and in the suppression of Indian disturbances in
New Mexico; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
TERRITORIAL BOUNDARY LINE.
Mr. PEREA also introduced a bill to provide
for the running of the boundary line between the
Territory of New Mexico and Arizona and the
Territory of Colorado and New Mexico; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Territories.
PUGET SOUND COLLECTION DISTRICT.
Mr. COLE, of Washington, introduced an act
fixing the port of^entry for Puget sound collec-
tion district; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
MILITARY ROAD IN WASHINGTON TERRITORY.
Mr. COLE, of Washington, also introduced an
act granting lands to the Territory of Washing-
ton to aid in the construction of a military road
from Port Walla-Walla to Puget sound; which
was road a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
LANDS FOR UNIVERSITY rURPOSBS.
Mr. QQJL.E, of Washington,also introduced an
act to amend an act approved July 17, 1854, en-
titled "An act to amend the actapprovod Septem-
ber 27, 1S50, to create the office of surveyor gen-
t tal of the public lands in Oregon," <&<•,.; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands. *
MISS ANNA E. DICKINSON.
Mr. PIKE presented the following resolution,
on which he demanded the previous question:
Resolved, That the use of tho Hall of the FJou«  be anted
for ;m evening to Mrs Aim.\*E. Oiekiiwm to deliver an
address, the proceedsto be applied to the I ami of the Freed
uuui'tf Aid Association.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. ANCONA moved that the resolution he
laid upon tho table, and on that motion demanded
the yeas and nays
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 48, nays 79; as follows:
* YI>AS— Mossrv. "William J.Allen. Atieona, Au^imii-'C.
Baldwin, lhooi;-;, Jainet! !S. JJiown, (;iianl<'i, <\>l-
.fiolh, Co\, {'raven ^ l);i\v-im, Dennison, ICd'Hi, I'd'jeiton.
tlldridue. Fmok, Cinder, (2 nevoid, Hall, tlaulun:, Ileuiek,
liotuiuii, William John.-on, Kalbtlewh, Kuapp, Law. Le
I'lond, IMallorj, fll.wtj, .NtAlh.'b'i, MeDowWI, ;>ic-
Kitur-y, William U Millei, James it. Mum-, M".iti-on,
Noble,.John O'Neill.Pendleton,Samuel J Uandall. Robin
boti, Rogers-, Ho?s, John i  Steele, ^tioii^e, Cluhon A.
While, Joseph W. White, and Fernando Wood—4^.
NAY?*—Mey-rs. Allison, Aude)M>n, Arnold, A-hlev,
John ti. Haldwm, llaxter, Heamau, Rlame, Blow. BotiEweli,
ilovd, Broomall, Amliiii-o \V. Claik, Cobb, Cole, Cies-
weli, Henry Winter Uavn, Tho ma* T. DavK, Dane*-,
Dixon, Dtmnelh, Ilekloj, fOhot, Fani-avot ih, FenUm.
l-'iank. CiaUkld, llmhv, A.ahrl V\ . ijiibhrml, lluilmid, Ju-
lian. Ka^on, rc< lfe> , Fiam i-> W. fvWfo^cr. I.oan, feni-j-eai,
Lovejoj. ]\1«iu'in, rdefjude, MeC'luii:, Samuel F. Millei.
Rlooihend. iMomll, Ddni<l Morris, Anms Myei. , Leouaid
ftlu'ii?, Notion, Chalks O'Nejll, ()nh, i'alfei.-on, IVihatn,
I'ifce, I'otneioy, WjUiaei (I Randall, Alexander if.
UieGjJohn II, Riec, Schenek, r'eofield. Shannon, Smith,
^mither*. tfpaldnijr, tUebbin-., Steven^, Thayei, 'Jlmma*,
Cj^on, V.ia Valkenbuiqh, Fhlm H. Wa>hbume, William
li. Washburn, Whaley," Williams. Wilder, Wilson, Win-
dom, Wiutield, and Woodbridyc—79.
So the resolution was not laid upon the table. .
During the vote,
Mr. PENDLETON stated that he had been re-
quested to state that Mr. Benjamin Wood was
confined to his bed by indisposition.
Mi. IIOBINSON" stated that his colleague, Mr.
IImitus was detained from the House by illness.
The veto was then announced as above iucord<'d
The resolution was then adopted.
Mr. PIKE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SLAVERY IN THE DISTRICT 03? COLUMBIA.
Mr: RICE, of Maine, submitted the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
to communicate to this House the report and tabular state-
ments made and letuinCd to him by the commissioners ap-
pointed by the President,in accordance with the provisions
of an act entitled "An act for the release of certain persons
held to service or labor in the District of Columbia," ap-
proved April 16,1862, and an act supplementary thereto,
approved July 12,1863.
Objection was made.
The SPEAKER. This being a call for inform-
ation -from one of the Executive Departments
must, under the rules, objection being made, lie
over one day.
FRAUDS UPON THE TREASURY.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD submitted the fol-
lowing resolution, and demanded the previous
question on its adoption:
Whereas accusations seriously affecting the official integ-
rity of Major Ueneral Benjamin F. Rutler in the discharge
of Ins duties while in command of New Oileaus have been
publicly made; and whereas other mihtaiy officers Jiave
been charged with delinquencies, oppressive conduct, and
connivance at ftaud; and whereas it is stated that ineffi-
ciency, coUumoii in procuiin<r supplies, and malversations
exist ia the Navy Department; and wherensreeent disclos-
ures show that m the custom-house at New Yoik, and in
other branches of the Treasury Uepaitinent, the revenue
has been dcfiauded and neasomible aid given to the insur-
rectionists ; and whereas It is apparent that general demor-
alization and incapacity peivade the executive branch of
the (Government to an extent which calls tor the interposi-
tion and preventive legislation of Congress* Theiefore,
Resolved, That a coinmitiee of nine be appointed to in-
vestigate into and to ascertain the inundation foi thcs-e ac-
eui-atiou:-, with power to send tor poison^ and papet^, to
takf  testimony under oath, to make recommendations for
the necessary "reforms, and to report at any time.
Mr. STEVENS moved that the resolution be
laid niton the table.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD demanded the yeas
and nays.
'i he yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FENTON. * I ask the gentleman to with-
draw the demand for the ptevious question in or-
der that I may make tui inquiry. I will renew it.
Mr. COX. I object to debate.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 77., nays (i3; ns follows:
YKArf—Me^rs. Alley, Allison, Amo<, Anderson, Ar-
nold, A>hley, Baily, John D. Baldwin, B.ixtei. lieamaiu
Blante, lllow, Uoutwell, Boyd, Biande'ree, Uroomall, Wil
ham C2\ Brown. Ambrose VV. riaik.Cobb, Cole, CicMvell,
Hciny Winter Davis, Thotnaa T Davi- , Divon, Donnelly,
Keklej , Khot, Farnswortb, Fiank, Caifuid,Gooeh, Higby,
Hooper, A-ahel W. [Iubbaid, John 11. llubbaid, iTnllmid,
Julian, lva>-;on, Fnuiei^ W Kellogg, Orlando Kellojrg,
l.o.in, f.otiorvear. TiOvejoy. Marvitn McBndc, McClurg,
Samuel F. M Ulei. Mooihead, Momll, Daniel Mori n, Aiikk
Myi't-, Lcoiuud cis, Norton, Clnules O'Neill, i'attm-
M n, Bfiluim. lMke, Potneioy, Piiec, Alexander II. Riee,
John II. Biee, Scltcnek,' Seotield, Stnithei^, Spalding,
Steven . Thujer. 'i'laey, rpj-on,\ an Yalkenhimdi. William
B. W.ishhiiiii, Whaley, William^. Wildci, Wil.-on, Wm
dom and Woofllrid<;e—'7.
NAYS -most ^.Wilhaiu J.Allen, Am ona, Rli<s, Bjooks,
Jaine-^ S. Blown, Chanler. Coil'ioth, Cox, Ci.ivih, Dawes,
Daw -on. l)^nnISO!l, iklen, Kdciton, IClditdne, l'ln<*ii'-h,
Fenton, Fmek, G'aiwm, Guiiei. flail, Uaiduig, ifeinck,
Holinan, William Joln^on. Kall)tlei>ch, lveinau, Kim;,
Kn.ipp, L„!W, La/. Ml, Blend, Losm, Malioiv, Maiey,
A1 f V!ii res, VeDmvcil, McKiiine\, Wi'ljam II. Miller,
Jam" ; R .Uoins, .Moui^on, N'otile,' John U';\eiil, Ouh,
l'omileiou, Samuel J. Randall. William fi. Randall. Roh-
nisOii, Boceis, Uo-;,Scott. Sunt!), Siebbm-, lohn B. Steele,
Suear, Clihu B. W«Mibuine, Chiltoa A.
White, Jo-eph W. White, WinlieJd, Fernando' Wood,and
Veanian—U>'.
Ho the resolution was laid upon the tabic.
Duiin^ the vote, ♦
All. KELLKY, not being within the bat-when
his name was called, asked leave to vote.
Mi. RANDALL,'of Pennsylvania, objected.
Mr. 1CELLEY stated that he would have voted
in the allirmative.
Mr. DEMING also asked leave to vote.
Objection was made.
The vote was then announced as above recorded.
PERSONAL EXPL \NATF0N.
Mr, GRISWOLD. Mr, Speaker, I ask unani-
mous consent to make a personal explanation.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will not
object if it be the understanding that opportunity,
if necessary, shall be afforded for roply.
There way no objection.
Mr. GRISWOLD. Mr. Speaker, at the last
meeting of the House, on Thursday, my vote
was given against laying the resolutions of the
honorable gentleman from Now Jersey [Mr,
Rogers] upon the table. That vote was given
inadvertently, or, at all events, without a full ap- '
preciation of the sentiments which the resolutions
contained. While I approve of much th'at is em-
bodied in them, I entirely disapprove of that por-
tion which recommends the appointment of com-
missioners on the part of the Federal Government
to meetcommissioners similarly appointed by the
insurgent States. Surely this is no time for such
a step. Has tho gentleman any reason to suppose
that an act of magnanimity like this would be
rightly interpreted, or even entertained, by the
government of the rebel States ? So far as any
public expression from that quarter has come
under my observation, there 13 no ground for any
such belief.
The resolutions provide for the appointment of
commissioners on the part of the Federal Gov-
ernmeutto treat with commissioners that may,or
may not, be similarly appointed by the govern-
ments of the States in rebellion. In my judgment
any offer at the present time on the part of the
Federal Government to negotiate or compromise
with rebels defiantly in arms against that Govern-
ment would be unpatriotic,unwise, and only per-
nicious in its tendency. Upon this point 1 do
not feel willing to have- my sentiments misunder-
stood.
I should be willing to go with the honorable
gentleman from New jersey to almost any extent
for the purpose of bringing this unhappy war to
a close, and securing an honorable peace. I would
accompany him to the very verge of our constitu-
tional powers to accomplish this,but! would not
step beyond and attempt to thrust upon rebels in
arms against their Government overtures of peace
or compromise until we can have some evidence
that such overtures would be received by them
otherwise than with scoffs and repudiation.
It was for the purpose of making this explana-
tion that 1 presumed to ask the indulgence of the
House.
SLAVERY IN TII13 DISTRICT OF COLUMBI^.
Mr. L0YEJ0Y. I wish to withdraw the ob-
jection which I inadvertently made to the resolu-
tion offered a short time since by the gentleman
from Maine, [Mr. Rice.]
The resolution was then again reported, and
no further objection being made, it was passed.
NEW YORK CUSTOM-IIOUSE.
Mr.FENTON offered the following resolution,
upon which he demanded the previous question:
Ue^oh cil, That the charges recently made of otiieiai mis-
conduct i n't he Now York cu-nom-hottse in regard to,ill cm d
c-hip'.x'iit ot eontraband gnod< and *upplip*, ami ofmt-enn-
duet in the management of the otliecrs or the eu iotn-hou
at New Yoik, be relerred to the Committee on Public Cx-
penditmefc..
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered; and under the opciation
thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. FENTON moved to rcconsidcr the vote*
last taken, and also moved to lay the motion to
lcconsider on the table, which latter motion was
agreed to.
EXEMPTION PROil DRAFT.
Mr. IlEP^RfCIC introduced the following res-
olution; which was read, considered, and agreed
to:
llcsolve<1, Thatfhe Committee on Military AfTaiisbo di-
rected to mquiie into the expediency of so amending tho
aet entitled !,Au act fot omollinc; and calling out the national
forces and for other pin poses," appioved Nlaich J, lHG.'l. as
to exempt from anV dialtor eon^uiplion undei the piovi -
lons of that act ail such emolled eitizon? now liable to
diait a-* may by then pmsoual oH'orl* pie\ ions to the day
aligned for any &ueh diatt pioeure and cau^e to be mus-
tered into the mihtaiy seiviceof the United >sutec an ac-
ceptable lecruit to teivutor three year5' <u during the wai,
thus creating a powerful motive, and ofl'erinsau additional
inducement Sot every citizen who derate* to escape the draft
to peisoually e ,^agc ni the patnouc duty of enlisting ic-
cruits lor our depleted armies.
ENLISTMENT OF SLAVES IN KEBfiL TERRITORY.
Mr. BItOOMALL introduced the following res-
olution,on which lie demanded the previousques-
tton:
Whereas the bmdens of the Govemment&houldbe made
to fall afe ne«iil> equally as po^r-ible upon all parts of the
conntiy ; and wheica-s the southern poi tion of the countiy
ha;, fot sevudi yearri contubuted little either in men or
