1196
T£E CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 19,
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes thirty-two.
So .one fifth of the members present voting there-
for, the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 36, nays 65; as follows:
YEAS—Mosrs. James* C. Allen, Anconu, Augustus C.
Baldwin, Bliss, Chanler, Clay, Cox,Dawson, Denison, El-
dridge, Harding, Charles M. Harris, Ilerrick, Kalbflei«ch,
Law, Long, Mailory, William H. filler, Morrison, Noble,
John O'Neill, Perry, Pruyn, Radfoid, Samuel J. Randall,
Ross, Stebbins, John B. Steele, Stiles, Strouxe, Stuart,
Sweat, Wadsworth, Ward, and Wheeler—36.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Andetson, Ashley, Daily,
John D. Baldwin, Baxter, Beaman, Jacob B. Blair, Blow,
Boutwell, Btoomall, Ambrose W. Clark, Cole, Creswell,
Thomas T. Davis, Dawes, Demmg, Donnelly, Driggs, Du-
mont, Farnsworth,Fenton,Gooeh, lligby, Holman, Hotch-
kiss, John H. Hubbard, Ivelley, Francis W. Kellogg,Loan,
Longyear, Marvin, McClurg, McDowell, Mchidoe, Samuel
F. Wilier, Morrill, Daniel Moin-, Amos Myer*, Leonaul
Myers, Noiton, Ortb, Pcrluim, Price, Alexander II. Ilice,
John II. Rice, Schenck, Seofield, Shannon, Smitbers,
Starr, Stevens, Thayer, Tracy, Upson, Van Valkcnburgh,
Elihu B. Wa^hburne, Webster, VVimley. Williams, Wilder,
Wilson, Windom, and Woodbudgy—Go.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question recurred on ordering- the yeas and
nays on the motion to lay on the table the motion
to reconsider.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN". As this is private bill day
I think it would be well to pay some attention to
that business. I move that the House resolve
itself into a Committee of the Whole House on
the Private Calendar.
The SPEAKER. That motion is in order.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Smith] I think has the floor on a contested
case. I would suggest that that case be taken up,
and the gentleman from Kentucky be allowed to
go on and make his speech.
The SPEAKER. That case was postponed
until Friday last, and as it was not taken up then,
does not come up, as a matter of course, to-day.
Mr. DAWES. But it would be in order to call
it up?
The SPEAKER, It, would; but the gentleman
from Illinois now moves that the House resolve
itself into a Committee of the Whole House on the
Pi ivate Calendar.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. DAWES. "I now call u|> the contosted-
electimi ense <>t' the second district of Virginia.
Thefa'PliAKlill. The gentleman lias the right
to do so, and the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Smith] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. DAWES. I understand that there is a
motion pending to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table in retetenn: to the matter the House
has just been noting upon. It was not my desire
to interfere with any pending business.
The SP10A KER. 1 he gentleman does intorfeie
with it by calling up his contestcd-elcction case.
Mr. DAWES. So I understand, and X there-
fore withdraw the rail.
The yeas and nays were ordered on the motion
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. SMITH. I hope the gentleman from Wis-
consin \vill withdraw that motion.
Mr. ELDRIDGE* If the gentleman from Ken-
tucky desires it, I will withdraw the motion.
X he question was then taken on Mr. Farns-
woiiTifs motion; and the result was—yeas 57,
nays 20; as follows:
Yti AS—Mows. Allison, AMilnv, John T) Baldwin, ttax-
tci, (Seaman, Jacob B. Blan, Boimwll, Broomall, AtnhroM:
W. (Ji.uk, Cobb, Colo,Cio^weii, Tljom,^ T. i)a\ is, Dawes,
Donnelly, Dm-'., Ihim.mr, F.ir sw<>ith, Teuton, High*.
Holman, John U. Ilubbntd. Jenokes. Kelley, Francis W.
Ivcilosg, MeClurg, Melndoe, &tmucl F. Miller
uiaj ci, x ust , vj
burne, IVhalev, Williams, Wilder, Wil-on, Wnnlom and I
Woodbrulgo—">7. ' i
NAYri—Mc^rs. Augustus C. Baldwin, Chanler, Cox i
Dawson, Denton, Eidiidsc, Charles M. Uniris, hon«/ i
Mdicy, iMiddleton, Moriison, N'nble, John OW'eill, Smith' |
John 13. Steele, Sweat, Ward, YVebstei, and Wheeler—^o! j
The SPEAKER announced that no quorum !
had voted.
Air. DA WES. Is it in order now to call up !
the contested-election case to which i referred a
few minutes ago ?
The SPEAKER. It is not. No quorum has
voted; and uii public business is therefore intcr-
i upted.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move that the House ad-
journ.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I move that there be a call of
the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The roll was thereupon called; and the follow-
ing members failed to answer to their names:
Messrs. William J. Allen, Arnold, Baily, Blaine, Francis
P. Blair, Bliss, Blow, Boyd, Brandegee, Brooks, James S.
Brown, William G. Brown, Freeman Clarke, Cravens,
Heniy Winter Davis, Dennng, Dixon, Donnelly, Eekley.
Eden, Edgorton, English, Finck,Ganson,Gaifield,Grider,
Grinne!l,Gnswold,Hale, Hall, Benjamin G. Harris, Asahel
W. Ilubbaid, Hulburd, Hutching, Philip Johnson, William
Johnson, Orlando Kellogg, King, Knapp, Law, Lazear,Le
Blond, Littlejohn, Lovejoy, McAllister,McBride, McDow-
ell, McKinney, William II. Miller, James It. Morris, Nel-
son, Odell, Charles O'Neill, Patterson, Pike,Pomeroy, Wil-
liam I£. Randall, Robinson, Rogers, Edward II. Rollins,
James S. Rollins,Scott,Sloan,Spalding,William G. Steele,
Thomas, Tracy, Voorhecs, William B. Washburn,Chilton
A. White, Joseph W. White, Wmfield, Benjamin Wood,
Fernando Wood, and Yeaman.
The SPEAKEXt announced that one hundred
and seven members—aquorum—had answered to
their names.
Mr. WILSON moved that all further proceed-
ings under the call be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE PROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by Mr.
Hickey, their Chief Clerk, requesting the return of
the bill (S. No. 302) to define the pay and emolu-
ments of certain officers of the Army, and for other
purposes.
No objection being made, it was ordered that
said bill be returned to the Senate.
MISSOURI MILITIA.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the War
Department, transmitting a report from the gen-
eral in command of the dopaitmentof the Mis-
souri, relative to the military service rendered by
the Missouri militia; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. ELDRIDGE moved that the House do
now adjourn.
The question was put, and the vote stood—ayes
41, noes 40; no quorum voting.
Mr. DAWSON demanded the yeas and nays.
The vena and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 35, nays 55; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Aneona, Ashley, Augustus C. Baldwin,
Jacob B. Blair, Chanler, ('lay. Cox, Dawson, Denison,
Kldridge, llairington, (-hailes M. Iburi^, llcrnck, John II.
Hubbard, KalbUn-.ch, bone, M.uey, MorrUon, Noble, John
O'iWilI, IVndlrton, Perry, Pruyn, Ruliord,HamuolJ. Ban-
da!!, Kos<,Smith, Stebbin.s,John B. Steele, riuloc, Stiouse,
•Sw.ir, Ward, Whalry, and Wheeler—35.
NA YS—Me^rs. Alley, Allison, Ames. John D. Baldwin,
Baxter, Beaman, Boutwell, Broomall, Amhios.e W.Cl.uk,
Cobb, Coie, Thomas T. Davis, Dawe^, Dnggs, Dumont,
Eliot. Fai iibworth, Frank, Gooch, Hisjby, Ilohmm. lloteh-
kiss, Jmckcs, Julian. Ka--son, Ivollev, Francis \V. Kellogg,
liOngyear, Maivm, MeClurg, Moorbead, Morrill, Daniel
Moiria, Amos Myci'i, Leonard Myei>, Oilh, Ptuhnm, Pi tee,
Alexander II. Rice, Schenck, Shannon, Smitbers, Starr,
Steven>, Tnayri, Tiaoj , Up^on, Van Valketibingh, Elihu
B. WaMibmne, Williams, Wilder, Wilson, Windom, and
Woodbridge—£>o.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. 1IIGBY moved that there be a call of the
Mr. PENDLETON moved that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr.iSTEVENS. T hope the motion to adjourn
will beagieed to. Wehave done very well to-day.
The SPEAKER. The motion to reconsider
can be caltcd up at any time, except in the morn-
ing hour on Monday.
The motion was agreed to; and then (at a quar-
ter to five o'clock p. m.) the House adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, March ID, 18C4.
The House met at twelve o 'clock, m., Mr. Wash-
duiine, of Illinois, in the chair as Speaker pro tem-
pore. Prayer by Rev. Dr. Marks.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
MESSAGE PROM TIIE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Hickey, its Chief Clerk, notifying the House
that that body, having corrected the error in Sen-
ate bill No. 154, relating to enlistments, and for
other purposes, returned the same to the House
for its concurrence-,
Mr. DAW.ES moved that the rules be sus-
pended,and the House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to. _ A
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Boutwell in the chair,) and resumed the
consideration of the President's annual message.
RESTORATION OF TIIE UNION.
Mr. ARNOLD. On the 22d of February, 1832,
the one hundredth anniversary of the birthday of
Washington, Daniel Webster, speaking of the
fearful consequences of disunion, says:
" Other misfortunes may be. borne, oi their effects over-
come. If disa&nous war should t>weepour commercefroni
the ocean another generation may lenew it; if it desolate
and lay waste our fields, still, under a new cultivation, they
will giowgreen again,and ripen tt>futurehaivests. ltwere
but a trifle even if the walls of yonder Capitol were to
crumble, it it-« lofty pillars should fall, and its gorgeou.v dec-
orations be all covered by the dustot the valley. AH these
might be rebuilt. But who shall rcconstiuct the Jabric of
demolished Goccrnmerxt ? Who shall rear again the well-
proportioned column* of constitutional liberty ? Who shall
frame together the skillful architecture which unites na-
tional feoveieignty with State rights, individual secuuty and
public prosperity? No, if ihe e column's fall, they will be
raised not again. Like the Coliseum and the Parthenon,
they will be destined to a mournful, a melancholy immor-
tality. Bitterer tear??, however, will flow over them than
were ever shed over the monuments of Roman or Giecian
art; for they will be the remnants of a moie glorious edi-
fice than Gieece or Rome ever saw, the edifice of constitur-
tional tdmei ican libei ty."
But I have faith -that under the guidance of
Providence, and on the basis of liberty, this Gov*
ernment is to be "reconstructed." The "skillful
architecture which unites St&te rights and na-
tional sovereignty, individual security and public
prosperity," is to be again embodied in a Rtill
more perfect form; not on the basis of adhering
to old errors, " the Union as it was and the Con-
stitution as it is," but national unity withoutsla-
vcry, and the Constitution, the Magna Charta
which shall secure liberty to all This is our grand
aim. The wandering stars are to be broughtback
with their luster brightened by the ordeal tinough
which they have passed. The grand edifice of
American constitutional government is to rise on
a broader, firmer, more solid foundation, the basis
of universal libei ty. Sir, the old Continental Con-
gress and the constitutional Convention are vener-
able landmarks in American history. We look
back to them with mingled reverence and admi-
ration, The Congress and the statesmen who
shall reestablish national unity with the terrible
scourge, slavery, destroyed, who shall heal the
wounds of this terrible war, will have rendered a
soivice to our country and humanity equally
memorable and still more important.
reconstruction.
I approach this question of reconstruction with
diffidence, conscious alike of its difficulties and of
the fearful responsibilities resting upon those by
whom it is to be solved. One thing, I think, may
be regarded as settled. We can have no national
Union and harmony without freedom. The fear-
ful error of uniting free and slave States we shall
never repeat. But if the grand idea can be real-
ized of a free homogeneous people, united in a
continental republic based on liberty to all, and
retaining the great principles of Magna Charta as
living principles of our Government, we shall see
realized the noblest structure of government and
national polity ever organized upon earth. This
is a great aim to struggle for; it is a glorious pur-
pose, to dip for. Is it practicable ? Are we equal '
to it? If so, the terrible ordeal through which we
are passing, the trial by fire, and the baptism of
blood, will be compensated by, the glorious fu-
ture.
In discussing this subject of reconstruction, I
will only venture to-day to make suggestions.
The subject naturally divides itself into three
parts:
1. What are the relations of the rebel States to
the national Government?
2. JJliat the duly of the Executive ?
3. What the duty of Congress ?
The status of the rebellious States is, that they
are a portion of our country in revolt. The Con-
stitution and laws of the United States are legally
binding upon every person within the rebel terri-
tory.
