1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the I^sue of subsistence is justified by n^ee^ity, and must
be continued until the interior Department is prepared to
assume then control and lelievc this Dep.ntmeut l'rom the
liuulen of maintaining tliem.
It :s fmpmtant that tins should he done as s-peedily as
pos ibie, and in tlu<.and in whatever e!t*e that maybe ne-
cessary to insure the success ot this plan, the tVai Depart-
ment will give iw hearty cooperation.
Veiy respectfully, you  obedient ^eivant,
EDWIN M. STANTON,
Secretary of War,
Hon. J. P. Usiier, Secretary of the Interior.
The Committee on Indian Affairs, not being
quite satisfied with the general terms in which
these letters expressed this recommendation, ap-
pointed a meeting for the purpose of consideiing
this question by itself, and requested General
Canby, who had for several years been com-
mander of the military department of New Mexi-
co, to appear before the committee in peison,nnd
explain to the committee the necessity and the
propriety of this recommendation. General Can-
by stated to the committee thaUsmcc we acquired
the Territory of New Mexico we have been com-
pelled to keep within that Territory, mainly to
preserve peace among the Indians, nearly three
regiments of troops all the time. He stated and
gave as his opinion that if these Navajo Indians
who now have surrendered were to be kept on
this reservation on the Pecos river it would re-
duce the necessary military force to be kept in
thatcountry to eight companies; that eight com-
panies of troops could serve the purpose of keep-
ing these Indians, and keeping the peace with
them; so that the military expenses of the Gov-
ernment in New Mexico would be very largely
reduced. He stated the fact that both under the
present Administiation and under the last Admin-
istration, indeed for several years, 1 think as many
as seven or eight years, the settled policy of the
administration of the military department of that
Territory has been to get possession of these
Navajos and get them out of the mountain-fast-
nesses where they were, and to colonize them
and put them on some reservation within the Ter-
ritory of New Mexico. The military department
has in fact, under the lead of General Carleton
and Kit Carson, succeeded in getting these Nava-
jos into their possession, and placed them at the
Bosque Redondo, which is in the neighborhood
of Fort Sumner; in fact, Fort Sumner is in the
very center of the reservation proposed. The
Sectetary of the Interior requests the appropiia-
tion of $100,000 for the purpose of putting this
reservation in proper condition, and to purchase
seeds, implements, &c., to enable these people to
go on and to a great extent become self-susuin-
mg, and relieve the Government of expense.
These Navajos aie a peculiar people. They
have raised large flocks and herds; they have
some manufactures of their own. The Navajo
women make the most celebrated blankets in the
world; and they h«ive been accustomed to the cul-
tivation of the soil by means of irrigation, which
seems to be a necessity in all that New Mexican
country, so that it is not taking men who have
had no experience in irrigation to settle upon the
soil where it is necessary for them to irrigate in
order to support themselves.
Mr. President, I have thus briefly stated the
facts as presented to the committee; and while
the committee, perhaps, had the question been
originally left to them as a military matter whether
they would take the Navajos from one section of
New Mexico and place them in another, might
have arrived at a different result, we did not go
into the consideration of that; but taking the facts
as we find them, with these Navajos upon our
hands and at this point, with the lecommenda-
tion of the Military Department and the recom-
mendation of the interior Department, we telt
that there was no other course under the circum-
stances to pursue but to favor this appropriation,
and we have reported accordingly.
Of the other sections of the bill, one is to ex-
tend it so that what are called the Southern
Apaches can also be put on a portion of the reser-
vation; and the thiid section is simply to abolish
the Southern Apache Indian agency, and allow
another Indian agency to be established in its
stead, which is recommended by the Secretary of
the Interior.
Mr. CONNESS. If the appropriation of
$100,000 would give us the results that we are
promised in this case, I should think that the ap-
propriation was well made and that it was the
most economical disposition of the question that
could be made; but I have grave doubts about
that; and as to the benefit of this appropriation,
indeed the whole scheme comes here surrounded
by more than an ordinary degree of doubt and
suspicion. It will be remembered, Mr. Presi-
dent, that about the first information we had con-
cerning the capture or so-called capture of the
Navajo Indians came very suddenly upon us.
Ail at once we were informed that four thousand
Indians had surrendered to the Government. To
one unacquainted with the Navajo Indians and
with their history, or with the history of opera-
tions connected with them, that would seem like
a great accomplishment; but when it is known as
it is that just such surrenders as this have been
made over and over again by the Navajo In-
dians, and that they have remained at peace with
us just as long as we fed beef to them and paid
them outof the national Treasury, and when we
ceased we had to fight them again, I do not think
there is anything particularly new or attractive
in it, nor anything particularly profitable to the
nation in it.
I had considerable doubt about the reality of
this suriender; and as I was informed and believed
that General Canby was the best-informed man
in or near this city upon Indian affairs in New
Mexico, I called upon him in regard to the mat-
ter. I had no considerable conversation with him;
he was in a great hurry at the time, and so was I,
but I consulted him in regard to the matter, and
I asked him, " General, how is it about this so-
called surrender or capture of the Navajo Indians,
and about their desire to reside on a reservation
at peace with the United States?" Well, his re-
sponse to me was a pushing up of his shoulders,
with an expression of great doubt as to the whole
matter. It was evident to me, both from what he
said and what he did, that he had no faith m the
whole arrangement.
1 accuse no one in this connection. The hon-
orable Secretary of the Interior in making this
recommendation has undoubtedly been guided by
all tlie information placed before him; but it does
appear to me that the appropriation of $100,000
under the direction of an agent who is to bo paid
$1,500 per annum is simply throwing away that
amount of money*. The whole question of the
surrender or so-callcd capture by Kit Carson, or
Colonel Caison, of these Indians, is in my mind
surrounded with great doubt. I think it isa ques-
tion that should be thoroughly investigated and
understood before this appropriation shail be
made.
I may be replied to by asking what shall these
Indians do in the mean time? Well, if it were a
fact that they had surrendered, if it were a fact
that they were determined to remain thereafiprat
peace wnh the United States, I have no doubt but
that the very best thing the Government could do
would be to feed them and continue to feed them.
As to their civilization and the extent to which
the arts are practiced and known among them,
there is a good deal of poetry about that. They
are, by those who know them, represented to be
une of the most rascally bands of Indians in the
country. They have no morals at all. They
keep no bargains or understandings or treaties.
They have violated their bargains, understand-
ings, and treaties with the Government over and
over, and they will do it again in my opinion.
After they eat up this $100,000 you will still have
to keep three regiments m New Mexico. In fact,
in that connection, let me say that there is no
probability, nay, no possibility, withm any rea-
sonable time of our being able by reason of this
measure, or tuiy mcasuie of the kind, to reduce
our military force m New Mexico. Wo want to
increase itm fact, rather than rcduceit; and why5
Because it is one of our southwestern positions
where, at the end of this rebellion, if the time shall
ever come, (and we all expect it to be hastening
on,) bands of rebels will retreat to, and it will be
necessary for us not to reduce oui force there, but
to increase it and aggregate it. ifthis proposition
were left to me, from" what knowledge J have
picked up, and I have tried to obtain all that I
could upon the subject, I would deal with it thus:
at the present time, whatever appropriation I au-
thorized to be made, I would authorize to be ex-
pended by the War Department, taking care that
a proper officer was placed in command there, and
not establish a reservation at this time.
My opinion is that the measure as proposed
now will prove entirely abortive, entirely waste-
ful, and without any results. I regret, sir, to be
placed in the position of being compelled to cast
these doubts upon it and upon its wisdom; but
I cannot avoid it, as I believe it will be a waste-
ful, unnecessary, and unprofitable expenditure.
Mr. HOWARD. I rise to make an inquiryi
sir. I was not attending with much care to the
remarks of the Senator from Wisconsin. I wish
to know in what way and by what authority
these Navajo Indians are held in captivity; who
captured them; why was it?
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. I stated, before the hon-
orable Senator came into his seat, upon the inform-
ation of the Secretary of War received through
General Carleton, who is in command of thatde-
partment, that the Navajos are captured and upon
our hands as captives to the amount of five thou-
sand five hundred, and they would probably come
in .to the amountof seven thousand. They have
them in fact around Fort Sumner, down on the
Pecos river; and the Secretary of War recom-
mends, and the Secretary of the Interior recom-
mends, that a reservation there be established for
them.
Mr. HOWARD. But I wish to know who
captured these Indians? Why was it done?
Were they making war upon the United States?
Was there an Indian war? $
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will-state to the honor-
able Senator from Michigan that there has been a
warfare going on between the Navajo Indians
and the New Mexicans of that .Territory for
nearly two hundred years. When we acquired
the Territory of New Mexico, we took it with
this war on our hands, and we have been com-
pelled to keep, as General Canby stated to our
committee the other day—we requested him to
appear before the committee to give us the facts
in relation to it—a large military force there con-
stantly, making war on these Navajos, capturing
them, and, as my friend from California says,
letting them go, and then they break the treaty,
and we have to capture them over again, again
and again, which I dare say is true as he has
stated. We have kept that military force there
for years and years, and it has been the settled
policy of the administration of the military de-
partment of New Mexico to get these Indians and
colonize them at some place out of the mountains
where they were, upon some spot m New Mex-
ico where a force could be stationed in their neigh-
borhood to watch them and to prevent this war
and depredation; and the place which is selected,
by looking on the map it will be seen, is selected
in the neighborhood of the Staked Plain, as it is
called, on the east of them, and about sixty or
seventy miles from the mountains upon the west,
in the valley of the Pecos.
Mr. COLLAMER. Mr. President, the sub-
ject of our Indian affairs in New Mexico is not a
'topic with which 1 profees any great familiarity,
but after all 1 have some thoughts upon that sub-
ject which 1 wish to suggest for the consideration
of the Committee on Indian Affairs, and I hope I
! may have their attention.
! 1 undoi stand that in the Territory of New Mox-
! ico we have a condition of Indians entirely differ-
I ent from that which we had to meet east of the
Mississippi or in the northern and northwestern
part of our country. The Indians there are not
a people who have any local habitation. They
are not as our tribes were, who had a particular
spot of hunting ground and some little cultivation,
i but they live dispersedly all over the Territory,
i especially among the hills, while our white inhab-
' itauts settle along in the valleys. These people
thus having no particular locality are not condi-
tioned as our Indians were with whom we could
make treaties, and as to whom we could make
laws to prevent the white people from going into
the Indian country. They wander dfspersedly
all over the Territory of New Mexico, and every
now and then they make a foray down into the
valleys wheie the white people live and rob them,
take "their cattle and sheep, for they are a pastoral
people pretty much; and then the Indians retreat
and fly back to the mountains. Finally forces are
sent out against them and make war upon them,
and then they submit and make peace and receive
certain presents which are always expected to
attend the making of peace. The next day, or
whenever another opportunity presents itself, they
