152
THE CONGRESSIONAL CtLOBE.
January 12,
Mr. JOHNSQN presented the memorial of
Francis A. Gibbons and F. X. Kelly, contractors
for the erection of iight-houses' in the State of
California and the Territory of Oregon, pray-
ing to bo reimbursed for materials furnished by
tbem; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
" Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of citizefis
of Proviocetown, Massachusetts, praying for the
establishment of a uniform ambulance system for
the armies of the United States; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia.
Mr. HALE presented the memorial of Edmund
Lanier, a commander in the Navy of the United
States, sotting forth his services and his record,
complaining of the injustice which he alleges has
been done him by the late advisory board, and
praying for relief therefrom; which was referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. RAMSEY presented a memorial of the Le-
gislature of Minnesota, asking for the construc-
tion of a military road from St. Paul, Minnesota,
to the Pacific coast; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. SPIIAGUE presented a petition of citizens
of Rhode .Island, praying for the immediate sus-
pension and repeal of all duty on foreign coals for
the period of one year; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
He also presented the memorial of George
Washington Greene, of Middletown, Rhode Inl-
and, praying tlmt Congress will take fifteen hun-
dred copies of the letters and dispatches of Major
General Nathaniel Gr'eene, to be published from
-th<> originals in the possession of his family, at
$3 50 per volume: which was refcired to the Com-
mittee on the Library.
Mr. FESSEN DEN presented a petition of the
collectoi and other United States officers at Poit-
htnd, Maine, and also a petition of merchants of
Porihun!, Manic, praying for an appropriation for
the enlaigement of the custom-house at i hat place;
winch weie tefetiod to the Committee on Qimi-
mcice.
WISCONSIN P11AKT IUOTS.
Mr, HOWE. I have a communication from the
Governor of Wisconsin transmitting to me, to be
hud before the Senate, a copy of petitions ad-
diessed to tin* Legislature of Wisconsin by An-
drew M. Hhiir, William S. Pors, and others, ask-
ing; indemnity from the Legislaiuie for certain
injutles occasioned to their persons and propnty
by individuals combined in the county of Ozaukee
to prevent the draft made under the ordeis of the
War Depaitmnnt during the fall of 1802; also,
tiansmittingcopies of the testimony which accom-
panied these petitions; also, tiansmittingan act of
the Legislative of that State appropriating money
to compensate the petitioners, with a certificate
from the tteasuierof the State of the several sums
appropriate d and paid. All these papers I am re-
quested by the Governor to present to the Senate,
and tn doing so 1 desire to say that my attention
was called to this subject during the last session
of Congress by a petition from William S. Pois,
forwarded to nic by the Governor of the State, in
which he then claimed compensation from the
Congress of the United Stales.
William S. Puis was the commissioner ap-
point od by the Governor of that State to make
that diaft. In the progiess of Ins labors, he was
assaulted by a largt combination of citizens, many
of them tinned.• Several persons assisting him
and he himself were wolcntly assaulted; several
buildings weie destroyed or otherwise seriously
injured; and seveial persons, including Mr. Pors,
were driven out of the county for safety. These
acts were done in open daylight, by citizens as
well known as any citizens in the community; I
am told, by citizens perfectly responsible in a pe-
cuniary point of view to answer for the damages
occasioned by their unlawful acts. It seemed to
me at that time, find it seemed to my colleagues in
the representation of that State, th<>t it vas not
the pmpor time to make a claim on the Congiess
of the Unwd States. We did think, however,
and it was the unanimous opinion of the whole
representation of that State, that there should be
an attempt made to hold the guilty parties respons-
ible, as far as that could be done, for the acts
they had commits d} and to make them responsi-
ble in damages so far as damages could be recov-
ered from them. With that view, the representa-
tion of our State united in a letter to the Attorney
General of the United States, of which this is a
copy:
Washington, D. C., February 9,1863.
Sir : We have the honor to hand you herewith an offi-
cial report of William S. Pors, Es-q., commissioner for
Ozaukee county, m the State ot Wi*cfti «iu, giving a de-
tailed statement of the violence employed to resist the draft
in that county, under the recent order of the President of
the United States. Weare assured by the Governor of Wis-
consin that the statement is reliable.
These gentlemen, whose persons were assaulted, whose
property was destroyed, and whose homes wen; de&ulatcd,
had bee.n gmlty of no offense ; they were simply endeavor-
in? to disehaige their duty to the Government under winch
they lived, and which promises them protection. They j
weie faithful among the faithless. They weic striving to
uphold the law among the lawless. For this they were sac-
rificed.
We do not doubt the Government will cheerfully make
compensation for the lo-ses. these gentlemen have sustained-
Hut,we respectfully submit, the Government will not have
discharged its whole duty by simply appropriating fiom its
Tiea&ury a sum equal to the i ops sustained.
The men who have committed these outrages have in-
clined some responsibility, either eivilorcrhmnal,orboth.
Undoubtedly they are liable civilly to the amount of all
damages occasioned by theirmisconduct. Buta« yct-we do
not learn that any prosecution has been commenced against
any one of them. We are informed, although not othcially,
that the local authorities, of the county are oveibnrne by
the number and weight of those who combined against the
majesty of the law. The report of Mr. Pors states he is
himself an eyile from his home, and it cleaiiy shows that
he has no hopy of redress except at the hand of the Gov-
ernment he served. It is more than two years since the
Government of the United States, or its flag, furnished any
pioteetion to uncdletuhug citizens within laige portions of
the State of South Catohna, and of other neighboring States.
We venture to hope that Mich piotection will not long be
withheld fiom the loyal citizms of the county of Ozaukee,
in the State of Wts-eonsin.
We do not think that war is necessary to vindicate the
authouty of the law in Ozaukeo county. We believe the
courts of Wisconsin aie laiiiilul and icady todotheir whole
duty. Butthe^edespoiled citizens need oihei aid than that
ot open courts, pioeess, s-heulK, and po.«MS ; they need the
counsel and active Mippoitol the Govei utnent. Whatever
dnmages are iceoveied liom tlKi.wroug-doers will donmb-h
bv tu-t so much the compensation to be made the innocent
Mift'ei<*H by the Government. T>e--ide>, every dollai col-
lected of the "iiihy wilt be an admonition and a seomity
a;;aiie-t a leeuiienee of hke guilt. Wheiea-, if the Gov-
ernment makes compensation Jiom its own Tieasnrv. and
makes noetloit to punish the ollendeis, it will have the
eifect ofdueet encouragement to the icpetuion of like oi'-
teuM'*. We thetefore ie«pecrfully lecommend that the
Government shall • inploy active and taiihltd counsel es-
pecially charged with the duly of seeking within the mutts
such icrlress as the laws attend for such unhappy and tei-
nble wiongs.
J. 15. DOOLITTLE,
T. O. UOWIi,
j. V. POTTIJK,
A. S. SLOAN.
XV. L>. MeJNDOE,
Hon. Hpward Baths,
Attorney General oj the United States.
To that letter we received from the Attorney
General the following reply:
Attorncy Gkni'rai.'s Oj fick,
Satiirdaii my/it, Februanj 34, lt:03.
sirs: To-day I had t!ie honoi to receive jour letter of
theilth instant, but not the report oi Mi. Poi> ('* giving a
detailed btatcment of the violence < mptoyed to rcMs-t the
draft") mentioned in the letter handed to me.
Vejy pos-ibly the repoit of Mr. Pors, it I had it, might
discio-e l.iets which would change my present views of tiie
subject, as piCMUited by jour letter. But, a-- the innttcn
now staiuK bclore me, I infer that a violent not has taken
place in Wisconsin, ami by eeitaui evil-deposed poisons
ol that State ; that the object ot'the riot wa-s " to lestatthe
dialV in a paiticulai county ; and that the < fleet, lit fact,
was the nialtieatinent of ccitain individual* and the de-
stiui-tion of pnvate propeity ; and thatthe local authorities-
of the county aie oveibotne by the notoi-= Supposing all
this to he so, still 1 do notn e any field open lot my official
action,nor any official duty toi me to peilotin in the picnnses.
Tin r;tate of Wi-euiiMn (1 lejoicc to know) is s-ound
rmd true. It is nor divided bv the presence and aotivuyot
any oigamzed paitv ol ticason and icbdhon, nor even
weakened by au> appreciable clement of seditious opposi-
tion Sureij'tho s^tate of Wisconsin sntK-t have law> made
loi the veiy pin pose to quell Mich nots and punish such
oftendei -s; and I cannot doubt that tiie State lias tribunals
and ofliceis ot its own, able and w Uling to cntoieo such
good laws, by bilinring the lnalelnetots to condign punish-
ment, notwithstanding then tempoi.uy Micce-^ in a-ingle
county. That is plainly the duty ot tiie State nuthontics ;
and I do not \et si e that ( have any official dutv in con-
nection with the subject.
I think, gentlemen, that lam not backwau! m taking all
the !< gal i espoutibihuco of my pl.Ke, and \ < t 1 am u a will-
ing to intei leio in fins local business, h J m-ike «msselt
jie tly chaigeabk: with otlicioiisly tin uH nig the hand ofihe
Geneial Govenuuent into the alfaus of a Stat0 quite ahl<-
to take care ofiu own uit(vi*est^ ami cnloreeit. own luvs.
I havo the honor to be. most iespect!u!lv, v<>ur ohedicnt
seivant. KDWAI'D BATES.
To Uoa.^Iessi-t doolifTiu, Tlowr, sloax, ?dc l.\D0;.,and
i'ot'/er, Senatoj-t ami Representatives oj Wison^tti.
To that letter tin following reply was aonr, and
the official &l.ttcnijut of 3Mt. Po.-.s icft-ncd tu m
the first letter was then forwarded to the Attor-
ney General:
< Washington, February 21, 1863.
Bir: We have to acknowledge the seceipt of your letter
of the 14th. We legret to learn the report of Mi. Pors was
not forwarded. It seems to'have been mislaid, and is not
now at hand.
It was however found and sent forward in the
letter.
But you have very correctly anticipated its contents. And
yet you will pardon us for saying you do not seem to have
appreciated the true nature ofoui application.
Undoubtedly the State of Wisconsin is "sound and
true." She is not "weakened by any appreciable element
of seditious opposition" within or without ht^r bolder^. She
has laws for the punishment of riots and other bleaches of
her peace. She is quite able to enforce all "such good laws."
But we hoped the Attorney General of the United Stated
would recognize in the conduct of these offenders some-
thing more, or at least something else, than a mere hi each
ot the peace. We fear you do not temember.who Ms. Pors
was. He docs not seem to us to have been a mere citizen
of Wisconsin, resting under her protection, but he was an
officer under the United States, doing their work, acting
under the authoiiiy of theii Picsident, and thus, wc sub-
mit, entitled to then protection.
These offenders also, it should be lemeinbered, were
moved by no animosity against the State. They were citi-
zens of the State, professedly loyal to her authority, and
fiiends to hci peace. But they said tiie United States were
fatal tothe'peace of Wisconsin. They aimed against the
agent ot'the Federal authority, not against the sovereignty of
the State, and they diove the. United States in the person
of William Pois out of Ozaukee county, as South Carolina
drove you'out of Chaileston harbor when; \ou were iep-
resented by the Star of the West. We re?pcetfulh' sub-
mit it docs not become the Government of the United States
to fold tiieir arms over this outrage upon their sovereignty
while they lauut Wisconsin thai hoi peace has been dis-
Uitbed.
" How far these men have made themselves liable crimin-
ally lor i esisting the authoi ity of the United State*,we do not
pieteud to advise. You will-be abb: to determine that when
you or join official aids shall have ascertained the exact
facts of the case. •
But we supposed there could be no doubt but they were
liable civilly for all damage* occasioned to thn^e who in-
curred their hostility solely for being inendly to the Gov-
ernment. For these damages we do not doubt <Jougie?s
mil make compensation at some future tune. So las as
those damwres are eliaiged upon the guilty, the United
States will stand dischaigcd. In that point ofvicw.it
seemed to u< the Government ivib dinctly inteiested in
piose< utma the ofiendeis ngoiou ly and succcssfollj.
And we do not allow om-elvc^ lodouht that Wi-con-ai
| • u ill acquit you of all k*oilicioi s'* mlerineddHng in her ;if-
tans when \ ou do no moie than t omply with the invitation
ol hei united delegation in Congress
We aie, very respectfully, join obedient servants,
J. R. DOOLITTIX
TIMOTHY O. HOWE,
JOHN V. POTTF.fi, ,
A. SCOTT ?^LOAN,
W. 1). McINDOE.
lion. Kjhvard Bates,
Attorney Genera} of the United States.
To this letter no reply whatever was received;
but I understand that no action was taken by the
Attoi ney General,and no piofessiona! aid was fur-
nished to the.se despoiled citizens. Mr. Poi s huu-
:! self was driven out of the county, und could not
appear m the county of which he was an inhab-
itant to prosecute in the courts of thai county.
During that session of the Legislature he united
with others who were injuied m an application to
the Legislature,and the  ppi opriations winch are
evidenced in the papers on my desk were made.
The State now asks that these seveial papers be
iaid before the JSenate, with the hope that Con-
gress will reimburse the State for the amount np-
piopriuted. I ask that they be printed and le-
fened to the Committee on Finance.
Tne VICE PRESIDENT. They will be so
referred. The question of printing will go to the
Committee on Piinting.
he ports ritom cgmmitteks,
Mr. CHAJNDLER, fiom the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the memorial
of 1j. (J. Daily, praying to be  eimbm sed for dam-
a<re sustained by the detention of the ship Aigo,
in 1861, submitted a leport, accompanied by a
bill (S. No. 48) for the relief of B. C. Baily. The
bill was read,- and passed to a second leading", and
tin repoit was oideted to bo printed^
Mr. PESSENDEN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom Was referred the joint ievolu-
tion {H. R. No. 16) to continue the bounties here-
tofoie paid, reported it back with a recommonda-
tion that it puss.
Mr. FESSENDRN. The s.ime eomniitfee, !o
u bom was n-ferred the joinf resolution (8. No. 9)
to extend the time for paying bounties to \etciwn
a;a! other volunteers, have insti ucti d me to repoi t
it back with no specific recomuK-ndntton, as the
other joint resolution embraces the whole subjcct-
uiattei.
