3150
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 21,
parlance has been ddne by the company; Now,
it seems to me quite proper that the Government
which is about to issue this large amount of bonds
to aid in the construction of this road should, in
the first pl^ce, ascertain%what contracts, if any,
have been made for the construction of the road;
and to meet this point I propose to offer an amend-
ment which shall provide that the company shall
submit to the Secretary of the Treasury and At-
torney General, before any of these bonds shall
be delivered to them, a statement of the contracts,
if any, which may have been made for the con-
struction of the road. If they are not satisfac-
tory to those officers I propose to provide that
no bonds be issued until the contracts are prop-
erly abrogated or modified so as to meet their
approval.
Another amendment, and the last which I have
thought it desirable to present, is one which au-
thorizes and requires the Secretary of the Treas-
ury and Attorney General to pass upon future
construction contracts. The object is that we may
thus have some assurance that a corporation
which is to receive so large a sum of money from
the Government (about ninety-eight per cent, of
all they are to expend) are about to expend it in
a manner which the donors believe to be judi-
cious. Atanyrate,it will throw around the mat-
ter a judicious and reasonable guard to which, it
seems to me, there can be no sound objection.
Such are the amendments which I propose to
offer to the bill. They have met the approval of
gentlemen who have taken nninterestin the mat-
ter and at whose request in agreat measure I have
prepared them. They have received the approval,
of gentlemen who are more immediately inter-
ested in the construction of the road and who
feel a deep interest in the speedy and effectual
completion of this great woik.
With a view, however, of obtaining the sense
of the House on the first point to which 1 called
their attention, I propose now to submit an amend-
ment transferring the work to the control of a
board of commissioners.
The SPEAKER. There is an amendment to
an amendment pending at the present time, and
no further amendment is in order.
Mr. PilUYN. I will then have my amend-
ment read as a part of my remarks for the in-
formation of the House, and submit it for action
hereafter.
The Clerk read the amendment, as follows:
The President of the United States shall, by ami with
the advice and consent of the Senate, appoint a hoard of
commissioners, tocon^stot'seven persons, who shall have
and possess all the powers now vested in the Union Pa-
cific Railroad Company under the act entitled uAn act to
aid in the construction of a raiUoad and telegraph line
from the Mtssouii river to the Pacific ocean, and toseeuie
to the Government the use of the same for postal, military,
and other purposes," approved July i, 186*2; and that said
commissioners shall proceed without delay to construct
the said railroad and telegraph Ime as authorized by the
said act. The said commissioners shall not be entitled to
any compensation for their services, but their necessary
expenses, to be audited by the Secretary of the Treasury,
eiiali be paid to them respectively,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Mr.Speaker,
I propose to say a few words on the bill now be-
fore the House forour consideration. Those gen-
tlemen who' are familiar with my course in this
Congress will not be surprised if I shall advance
objections to some of the provisions in this bill.
It has been either my misfortune or my fortune
to differ with the majority of the House m almost
all questions of a character kindred to this. 1
have been on a different line of legislation to the
majority. Recognizing the character of the stu-
pendous struggle in which we have been engaged,
and the fact that the last resource of the nation
may have to be exhausted to secure the suppres-
sion of this hideous and red-handed rebellion, I
have felt that all the energies and all the resources
of the people should be devoted to that object—
that all matters of secondary importance should
be subordinated tothatgreatconsummation. I am
for my country, my whole country, and nothing
but my country, I am for it in all its glory, its
grandeur, and its power. With the war ended
and peace restored, and our country and Govern-
ment intact, I want to witness 110 ruin of our na-
tional finances and no national bankruptcy ; but
1 hope to see the credit of the nation, as it emerges
from this terrific contest with traitors, with us
power augmented and its glory still further ad-
vanced. While I have been for every appro*
priation necessary to carry on the war, 1 have
been equally against other appropriations not ne-
cessary to that object. I have believed there never
was a time when the faithful representative of the
people should more vigilantly guard the public
Treasury than at present. While the people must
be overburdened by necessary taxation to carry
on the war, by no vote of mine shall anythingbe
added to the fearful weight of taxation for objects
which are not indispensably requisite. In my
judgment it is no light thing for us herS to vote
away the people's money and impose further and
lasting obligations on our constituents. In the
unheard-of appropriations we are every day mak-
ing we become accustomed to reckless voting.
Millions are now v'oted away as readily as thou-
sands before the rebellion broke out. It is said
that in arms the laws are silent, and I think it may
be added that in time of war the voice of reason
and the voice of remonstrance may become silent.
When the public attention is so much and so nat-
urally engrossed in the events which are now
challenging the attention of the civilized world,
when every breeze bears to us the sound of vic-
tory or disaster, when the land is filled with suf-
fering and sorrow and anguish, when so many
noble men are surrendering up theirprecious lives
on the battle-field,when so many sick and wounded
and maimed soldiers and sailors are in all our hos-
pitals, illustrating the ghastly horrors of war, it
is no wonder that the public attention is so fixed
upon matters of such overwhelming and tran-
scendent interest that it is hard to divert to any
other channel. It is therefore the time for bad
men to scheme and unprincipled men to plot, for
men who are callous to all the obligations of pa-
triotism or honor, who would see the grand old
ship of State burned to the water'sedge, provided
they could plunder her before she went down—
men who follow in the wake of power, and
" Cmok the pregnant hinges of the knee
Where thrift may follow fawning."
Sir, I have no faith in the noisy patriotism of
shoddy contractors and none in the men who in
these times of trial and tribulation through which
our country is passing are scheming and plotting
to fill their own pockets while the nation is veig-
ing toward bankruptcy. The sublime and un-
selfish patriotism of our people, who stand like a
wall of adamant behind the Government in its
support, a people suffering, bleeding, dying for
their country, is in magnificent contrast to the
flaunting counterfeit everywhere to be seen.
But, Mr. Speaker, this has but little to do with
the real question before us, except as an expla-
nation of the reasons why I feel called upon to
scrutinize all legislation of this kind, regardless
of the plausible guise in which it may be pre-
sented to us country members. What is the bill
before us? I want to inquire of honorable mem-
bers of this House what is it proposed we shall
enact into a law? What rights of our constitu-
ents are we called upon to vote away to-day, and
what additional obligations, if any, are we to load
them down with in the passage of this bill? Of
course it is to be presumed that we are all fa-
miliar with the vastly important subject upon
which we are called upon to pass. In the course
I am to take in this matter lam not to be misun-
derstood, and I presume other gentlemen do not
wish to be misunderstood. The subject of a Pa-
cific railroad is one of great interest to the public.
I am the oldest friend of the measure on this floor.
I have been its consistent friend ever since it has
been before Congress, and voted for it in every
shape in which it has been presented. It has been
a plank in the platform of the party to which I
have the honor to belong. The great work of
uniting the Atlantic coast with the Pacific seas
and binding the patriotic, loyal, and enterprising
people of the western coast to us on this side I
have always considered as worthy of a great na-
tion like ours and of the times- in which we live.
But as a Representative it is my duty to look well
to the means by which the object is to be accom-
plished. Because I am in favor of buildinga road
it does not follow that lam to squander the means
of the Government without any security that the
work will be done. The interests involved are
of such stupendous magnitude as to demand the
most vigilant watchfulness on the part of the Gov-
ernment, and if we here fail to guard them we fail
in a great' duty W Utt country. If we do ndt
place the guards that are necessary for protection
of the Government, the whole works will be ex-
posed to successful attacks, and the object of the
whole campaign may fail after involving us in a
ruinous expense.
Sir, what is the present law; what were the
circumstances under which it was adopted ? It
is a most liberal law, and made so for the purpose
of securing the great nbjectin view. It was passed
more than a year after the rebellion broke out,
and its liberal provisions were adopted with a vie w
to meet the embarrassed circumstances attendant
upon war. Capitalists and others made their es-
timates and declared that the work could be suc-
cessfully accomplished under that act. It em-
braced all the provisions asked for. Let us see,
for a moment, what some of them are, and what
liabilities the Government assumed under the act,
and then examine the proposed amendments in
the bill before us. In the first jjlace, by section
three of the existing law there is granted for the
purpose of building this road, and the telegraph
line to go with it, five alternate sections of land
per mile on each side of the road, being half of
the whole amount of land ina strip of ten miles
wide. That of itself is an efimmous grant. Then
by Bection five it is provided that on the equip-
ment of forty consecutive miles the Government
shall issue six per cent, thirty years' bonds to
the amount of sixteen bonds per mile, that is,
$16,000, for such section of forty miles. The is-
sue of said bonds and delivery to the company
were, ipso facto1, to constitute a first mortgage on
the whole line of road, telegraph, rolling stock,
&c. I desire particular attention to this fact, in
view ofa provision of the amendment to the bill
we are now considering. The company is not
compelled, in consideration of what the Govern-
ment does toward building the road, (and it does
almost everything,) to carry the troops, muni-
tions of war, supplies, public stores, &c., free of
charge or toil, but is to be charged the same price
as private parties. The company is required to
file assent to the act, designate the route and file
their map in two years from the date of its pas-
sage. No man can be a director unless he be the
bona fide owner of five shares of the stock, and
there is a prohibition against any one man own-
ing more than two hundred shares of the stock.
In the existing law Congress not only provided
for the building of the main road, but it granted
land to certain railroad companies by name, which
were to form connections with it. I referto the
Leavenworth, Pawnee, and Western Railroad
Company of Kansas, (to which I will presently
make further allusion,) the Hannibal and St. Jo-
seph Railroad Company, and the Central Pacific
Railroad Company.
1 have stated the provisions of the fifth section
of the act, providing bonds at the rate of §16,000
per mile; but there is a further provision in the
eleventh section of the act which gives $48,000
per mile for three hundred miles of that portion of
the road most " mountainous and difficult of con-
struction," and to be issued upon the construction
of every twenty miles of the road. And then on
another portion of the road for two hundred miles,
bonds are to' be issued at the rate of $32,000 to
the mile. In the seventeenth section there is a
very important provision to the Government,
which reserves twenty-five per cent, of the bonds
to be issued until the said road should be entirely
completed. The fourteenth section of the act re-
quires the company to complete one hundred
miles of the road in two years after filing then-
assent to the conditions of the act, and one hun-
dred miles per year every year thereafter until
the whole is completed.
In the business transactions of life the prudent
man gives his closest attention to his liabilities.
It behooves the Government to act with as much
circumspection and prudence in all transactions
of this character as a good business man would
exercise under the circumstances. And before we
launch out into other obligations, and huruedly
rush to give up all we so prudently and justly re-
served in the existing law, I demand to know
what our present obligations and liabilities are as
fixed by law. Sir, I hold in my hand an official
document (Miscellaneous Document of the Sen-
ate, Thirty-Eighth Congress, first session, No.
112) which tells the story. It tells to us the story
