2174
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9,
make another foray. Then you have another at-
tack upon them, followed by another treaty and
another set of presents.
This 1 believe to be the true condition of that
country; and so believing, I believe further that
the only mode of dealing with this people is just
to subject them to the laws of the Territory.
Now they are not subject to the laws of the Ter-
ritory. It is considered that the local laws of the
country never apply to Indians. If these Indians
be at any time arrested in their forays and steal-
ings, and taken and made an example of, and pun-
ished, imprisoned—for nothing has greater terror
for an Indian than to be imprisoned; he can hardly
endure it—I say a few examples of that kind, nay,
a distinct knowledge that they were subject to the
laws of the Territory, would be the best mode of
dealing with them. They now say " Law for white
man: no law for Indian;" and the white people are
not permitted unless led by our forces to avenge
themselves or to teclaim their property by force.
We have laws against that. JButif we would make
a law subjecting these Indians to the operation of
the laws of the Territory in which they live, not
making them citizens, but subjecting them to the
law and those punishments, the very terror of
that law would, in my opinion, be far greater se-
curity than any amount of force you can send
there. I trust this subject will receive the atten-
tion of the committee.
The bill was reported to theSenate as amended,
and the amendments weie concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
and was read the third time.
Mr. HOWARD. I call for the yeas and nays
on I lie passage of this bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I think this
is not a bill that ought to pass. 1 do not see any
propriety in making charitable provisions for a
race of Indians who are not disposed to keep
any treaties with us, and who are continually
practicing these barbarities upon our settlers out
there. II seems to me it is nothing more nor
less than undertaking to reward a set of roving j
nomadic thieves and plunderers who will not j
even thank lis for the gultuity which we aienow I
offering ihem. 11 seems to me, so far as 1 can un- j
derstaud the subject, to be a downright waste and [
squandering of the public moneys upon objects
who are utterly unworthy of it. 1 shall there-
fore vote against it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. My honorable friend from
Michigan certainly cannot understand the facts
of this case, it seems to me, if he opposes this
proposition. The War Department tell us that
we have them oil our hands now as captives of
war, and they are being fed out of the subsist-
ence department by Geneial Carleton this day.
Six thousand mouths are being fed all the while.
What are you going to do with them >
Mr. HOWARD. I can answer that question
very easily: parole them and lot thorn go. They
can certainly do no more mischief hereafter than
they have been inclined to do Heretofore, hut the
object of the bill is not sucii as K appears to be
stated by the Senator from Wisconsin. The ob-
ject is to provide these thieves and plundered !
with "agricultural implements, seeds, and other |
articles necessary for such purpose, for breaking ]
the ground, and for subsistence of said Indians to |
the end of the next fiscal year." I nm not in- !
chned to pay even Indians who commit robbery
and murder upon me and my countrymen. 1 do
not think it is a very dignified proceeding myself.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 24, nays 11; as follows:
_ YEAH—Buekalew, CailiJe, Davi«, Dixon, l)oo- i
little. Foot, Hale, iluilan, Henderson. IIowe, Johnson, Lane J
ot Kansas, Morgan, Powell, Ramsey, Kiddle, SauNluuy, j
Sherman, Stunner,'Tea Kyck, Tiuinbull, Van Winkle,
Wilkinson, and Willey—24. j
NAYrf-^-Messsr-s. Anthony, Clark, Conner, Cowan, Fed- i
senden, Fo^tei, Grimes, Howard, Kichardson, Spiague, j,
and Wilson—11. w ' !
AUrtlliVT—Me^f-rp. Brown, Chandler, Collamei, Hard 1
injr, IfiurK Hendricks, Hides, Uano of Indiana, MeDou-
sail, Mornll, Ne*>nutii, Pomeroy, Wade, and Wught--14.
So the bill was passed.
NATIONAL CU1UUSNCY.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the Senate re-
sume thoconsideration of the unfinished business.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 appeal to my honorable
friend to allow me to pass one or two other bills,
on which I presume there will be no discussion.
Mr. SHERMAN. The bill just passed took
half an hour.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I supposed that would
excite some discussion, but I do not think these
otheis will.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator can take up
the bills that will excite no discussion in the morn-
ing hour. I think we had better go on now and
dispose of the bank bill.
The motion of Mr. Sherman was agreed to;
and the Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (H. R. No. 395) to provide a national cur-
rency, secured by a pledge of United States bonds,
and to provide for the circulation and redemption
thereof, the pending question being on theamend-
of Mr. Henderson, in section twenty-two, line
three, after the word "exceed" to strike out
"$300,000,000" and insert the words " the amount
now authorized to be issued by the Comptroller
of the Currency to banks already created;" so that
it will read:
That the entire amount of notes for circulation to be is-
sued under this act shall not exceed the amount now au-
thorized to he is>>u 'd by the Conipti oiler of the Cuirency to
hanks' already created.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I should like to have the
yeas and nays on that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I havedetermined to vote
forthisamendmentof the Senator from Missouri,
but I do so with the expectation on my part, if it
shall be adopted, to modify it by some provision
to allowall the State banks that choose to organ-
ize under the national system to come in and or-
ganize under it. The amendment as it stands
naked by itself would go to the length of exclud-
ing them altogether.
Mr. SHERMAN* It would bea repeal of the
law as it stands.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not design takingup
time on this amendment. 1 only wish to say that
I concur in most that was said by the Senator
from Missouri in the speech he made some days
ago in support of this amendment. I believe it
would be wise to stop this issue of currency by
those national hanks, and therofoie I shall vote
m favoi of limiting the issue to the banks already
rivaled That is not a repeal of the law, us the
Senator from Ohio suggests. I understand that
banks have already been established which will
authorize the issue of $50,000,000 of currency, or
more; and 1 think wc had better stop where we
arc and see how that operates before wc go any
further. It is nota proposition to repeal the law,
but to stop issuing anymore of this national bank
cuirency. I am in fuvor of that and shall vote
for the amendment.
Mr. POWELL. I was requested by the Sen-
ator from Oregon [Mr. Nesmith] to state that he
is absent from the Senate on account of indispo-
sition.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 12, nays 23; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Kuekalew, Carlile, Cowan, Davis, Doo-
little, Crimes, Henderson, Howaul, Powell, Richardson,
Saul-bury, and Trumbull—1*2.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Clark. Connors,
i)i.\on, Fes^enden, Foot, Foster, Hale, Howe, Johnson,
J-iunr of Kansas, Alomun, Monill, JtaniM y, Sherman,
Sprai.'ne,Sun\nei,Ten Evek, Van Winkle, VVade Willey,
ami Wilson—'W. " '
ABSENT—.Me^&i*:. Brown, Collainer, Harding, Ilatlan,
JJ.uii*, llendncks, ilieks, Lane ot Indiana, .McDoiigall,
Nesimth, X'onietov, Kiddle, Wilkinson, ami Wught—14.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will now submit the
amendment of which 1 gave notice the other day.
The Secretary read the amendment, which was
to insert at the end of the bill, as additional sec-
tions, the following:
St.e. —. Jlnd !>e it fuithcr enacted, That fiom and after
the parage of tluo act no person, banker, banking a-—oei-
niion, or hanking or other corpoiation shall make, issue,
or reissue any bill*, notes, or ceiuhcates of any kind or
denomination whatever designed to cnculate as money,
winch at the pass-age ot thi- act shall not be actually i^ued
and in circulation as money undei the laws o( the United
States oi of the several State>, unless the *-aid person,
bankei, banking association, or coipoiation ^iiali icdeeni
the same at Uf place ot business m gold and sdvci com on
demand: Fioiuled, That nothing herein contained -shall
be constmed to prohibit those association^ \\ Inch have be-
come duly oiganized under the provisions of '-An net to
piovide toi a national currency secured by a pledge of
United States stocks, and to piovide lor the calculation
and redemption thereul," appioved Febiuary :2a. IbGJ, and
shall have ti a referred and delivered to the Treasurer of the
United States the bonds of the United States, under the
pioviMons ol the fifteenth ami sixteenth sections of Mild
act, from receiving the curiency to which they have be-
come entitled, and from putting tiie same into circulation
as money under the provisions ot said act: Jlndprovided
further, That nothing herein contained shall be construed
to prohibit any existing banker, bank, hanking association,
or corporation existing under the laws of any State, and
having notes, bills, or certificates in circulation as money,
from organizing themeclves into banking associations un-
der the said act of Congiess and acts amendatory thereto;
and in case of such organization,and uponcomplyingwith
the provisions of said act, they shall be entitled to receive
and put into circulation, of the national currency provided
for in said act, an amount equal to the amountof the notes,
bills, or certificates ot said bank in ciiculation, which shall
be from time to time withdrawn from circulation, re-
deemed, and canceled, not exceeding the amount of its
capital stock.
Sec.—Jliul be it further enacted^ Thai from andafterthe
passage of this act every person, banker, banking associa-
tion, or banking corporation shall reduce the amount of
its notes, bills, or certificates, in circulation as money, to
the amount of its cash capital actually paid in and —•
per cent, added thereto, or to the amount actually secured
by the pledge of the stocks of the.United States, or of the
State where the bank or banking office is situated, pursu-
ant to the laws of the United States or of the State where
the bank is situated; said ieduction to be made mthe fol-
lowing manner: one Touith of said excess of circulation
beyond what is above provided shall be redeemed and can-
celed on or before the 1st day of next; one half
on or before the 1st day of next; three fourths on
or before the 1st day of -■ next; and the remainder on
oi before the 1st day of next; and upon all bills,
notes, and certificates issued or reissued, or remaining in
circulation as money, over and above the amount as pro-
vided in this and the preceding section, the said several
bankets, banks, or banking corporations khall pay to the
United States a tax of one per cent, per month.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. As those are two distinct
sections, of course the amendment is capable of
division, and the vote should be taken on each
separately.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.)* The question will be taken on both
sections together unless a division be asked for
by a member.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask for a division of the
question.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Then the ques-
tion will be on the adoption of the first section of
the amendment.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The effect of the first sec-
tion is substantially this: to prevent any new or-
ganization undertheexistingjiationalbankinglaw,
exceptsuch orgamzationsas shall be made byState
banks now existing which may surrender their
organization, withdraw their circulation, and come
into operation under the provisions of this act.
The first part of the section, withouteitherof the
provisos, would have precisely the same effect
as the proposed amendment of the Senator from
Missouri; but the first proviso to the section al-
lows the national currency which has already
been secured and applied for at the office of the
Comptroller of the Treasury to be issued and go
into circulation as money; and the second pro-
viso authorizes State banks who have now an
outstanding circulation to withdraw that State
circulation, organize under the provisions of this
section, and receive an amount of circulation of
the national currency equal to their present out-
standing circulation, not exceeding the amount
of their capital stock.
Mr. President, I am not a practical banker. I
have never owned any stock in any bank, State
or national. I may never be fortunate enough to
own anysuch stock; I therefore do not claim any
weight for my opinion upon the ground of prac-
tical expeiience. I distrust my opinion so far as
that is concerned. To fortify myself on that
subject I had occasion to write to some gentle-
men of great practical experience, and among
them to one gentleman in the State of New York.
Instead of answering the communication directly
himself, he referred it to one of the most expe-
rienced business men in the Empire State,a man
of as large experience practically in the business
of banking as any gentleman in the State of New
York, as 1 am informed and believe. He is the
gentleman who was selected by the Secretary of
the Treasury, as I understand, as his fust choice
to be Comptroller of the Currency, but from his
business relations and position he was compelled
to decline the appointment. I inclosed the amend-
ment to a gentleman and indorsed upon it tlie in-
quiry, "What is your opinion of this?" and he
referred it to that gentleman,and that gentleman
writes a letter to me on the subject, in which he
says, " I fully concur in your amendment."
He goes on to give his reasons at considerable
length, That gentleman is Thomas W. Olcott,
of the city of Albany, fie certainly has had
