1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2175
practical experience in the business of banking,
lie knows it in all its operations as well as any
man amon^ the great financial men of this coun-
try, and his opinion is worth consulting. I do
not claim for my opinion from practical experi-
ence that it is entitled to weight.
When this amendment was under discussion
the other day in the Senate, and I was stating to
the Senate the effect of the amendment that I in-
tended to propose, the president of one of the
largest banks of the city of New York was pres-
ent. 1 did not know it at the time. . I received
from the city of New York on his return a let-
ter, in which lie fully indorses substantially the
amendment that I have offered. He says:
"You have ^tiuek the key-note—(limitation of papor
money to amount outstanding in any form.'  
That is the key-note; that is the solution, and
the only saving solution, to our financial difficul-
ties m the currency.
"Willi gold at 175 or 180 it is evident to af! who under-
stand the subject that the point of danger is near, and will
certainly be leached by any addition whatcvei to the exist-
ing volume Your plan piopo-.es:
"1. To limit all batik circulation to amount now out-
standing, undci penally ot pajing new issues in gold and
silver.
" 2. To limit national bank act to amount now author-
ized—say twenty-nine millions.
l>3. To revoke national bank act excepting so tin as to
allow State banks to transfer themselves into it under the
limitation as in No. 1.
"4. To require all banks having notes in circulation be-
yond the amount ot capital or notes* not secured by Gov-
ernment oi State stocks to reduce them to that standaid,
undei penalty of paying one pet cent, per month upon the
excess.
"Thi^ fa both wise and fully secures the objfet.
" 1. itgives State banfc>tmie tocon>idei the best method
and moment kn making >o nnpoitant a tiausition.
" 2. It prevent^ the banking sy-tetii of the couutiy fiom
being taken in po-se^-ion l>> unskilled and adventurous
men, and so tar lemove&an important objection to being
alhliated with them.
" 3. It permits existing institutions to cany into the new
system more upon tenn-> of equity, their coin and surplus,,
and thus tianst'eis ieal capital.
"4. It injures to the new system more of the character,
experience, and traditional advantages of existing organi-
zations than can possibly be secured under a rival system
having a basis so broad as will inevitably lead to ruin, both
to tin* bank-, urul the public.
"5. finally it saves the country from financial pio%tra-
tiou.
"Much moie I would be glad to say at leisure. Your
views are so much m harmony with the able remarks of
Senator Hendekson* who followed you, that they are en-
tirely leconcilable."
And in a postsciipt, he says:
"Your plan i«? the only one that the old State banks as
a body would foi a moment consular, and to it I believe
they would give moat favorable regaid.5'
Mr. SHERMAN. That is written by a bank
officer, I suppose.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It was written by Mr.
George S. Coe, president of the American Ex-
change Bank of New York.
Mr. President, 1 do not propose to stand here
to discuss this question, i leave it to other gen-
tlemen of more practical business experience and
of more enlarged views of finance and of currency
than I can lay any claim to. But I believe, as the
Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner] said
the other day, that next to the military question
which is to determine whether we are to have vic-
tory or defeat in the field, the question for the
American statesman this day to consider is the
question of our currency. 1 distinguish it from
the question of finance, because we can easily
raise taxes. The other day in half an hour we
passed through the House o.' Representatives and
almost through the Senate a bill to add fifty per
cent, to the taxation pioposed upon foreign un-
pen tations. We can levy taxes in every form.
e can put a tax upon sales of one half of one
per cent, or one per cent , which would raise
£100,000,0(10 of itself.
There is no difficulty in reaching money enough
by way of taxation; but the difficulty and the
threatening danger is, that the very standard of
value, by which all values are measured and all
contracts are discharged, is this moment afloat.
It is like an India rubber yard-stick, two feet long
to-day and four feet long to-morrow, and all caused
by this redundant, illimitable, and limitless sys-
tem of making paper money. I think this Gov-
ernment has the power to puton the restraints, to
put down the brakes, to stop it both by the na-
tional Government and by the State banks. By
the power of taxation, by the power of declaring
these banks that will issue paper not redeemable
poi
W
in gold and silver not solvent institutions and put
them into bankruptcy, and various other ways,
we can reach and master and control the circu-
lation of the country, it is the bounden duty of
this Senate to rise to tfie crisis of the hour, to
meet the responsibility, and to take hold of this
matter with a strong hand and control it. What
is this bill unlimited by any provisos but a bill
to provide for issuing this day $300,000,000 of
new circulation in paper money to be added to the
§800,000,000 already afloat?
It seems to me justas certain as that effect folio ws
its cause, that if you do itorif you pass alaw that
shall authorize it to be done, gold will of necessity
go up in price; and when it reaches two hundred
per cent, what consequences may we expect to
follow? Mr. President, although I have had no
practical knowledge in financial matters of this
description, I have for twenty-five years of my
life given some attention to the study of the great
lawsof political economy, the lawsof supplyand
demand, the laws of trade, the laws of currency.
I have studied them and reflected upon them, and
have some most settled and determined convic-
tions in relation to them. I believe those laws
aic as certain, as clearly to be ascertained, as the
great laws of nature, and they are irrepealable
too by net of Congress or of any State Legisla-
ture. They are the laws of God stamped upon
the nature of things. You may vary them for a
moment in their natural operations by the ob-
siacles that laws may interpose, but they assert
theii supremacy in the end, and they will control
you andyou cannotresist the power of those laws
in their operation. The day of compensation is
certain and sure, and the history of the whole
world demonstrates it to be so. Mr. President,
in my opinion, what wp want now is to meet this
thing as it is, stop the swelling of this papervol-
ume, decrease it gradually, allow the national
bank system to go into operation, favor it by mak-
ing these national banks your depositories, favor
it by allowing the notes of these national batiks
to be received in payment of Government dues,
encourage the State banks to organize your sys-
tem and surrender the old system, to come in and
take the national currency, and put your limita-
tion upon this bill and let it be fixed so that the
financial world shall know that there shall be no
further increase of paper money. Letthemknow
there is a limit fixed beyond which it cannot and
it shall not go, and by fixing the limit you will
restore confidence ill the financial world.
Mr. President, I will not be betrayed into mak-
ing a long speech upon this subject, though my
heart ik full. I feel earnest, and perhaps lex-
press myself strongly. I express my own opinion
with the utmost respect to the opinions of those
gentlemen who differ with me, to the Secretary
of the Treasury, who 1 believe is struggling with
this question to do the very best he can, and yet
ho must allow me, with other gentlemen around
me, the right and the privilege to think for my-
self on this question, and to bring to its consid-
eiaiion all the light and all the experience and all
the study which I have had during that portion
of my life since 1 fiist commenced the study of
political economy.
I hope the Committee on Finance will consider
this proposition, and consider it fully. 1 want to
act with them, and I wish to act upon the princi-
ple neither of destroying the State banks nor
making war on the State banks, nor of destroy-
ing the national banks nor making war on them;
for, as I said the other day, I desire to bind to-
gether the interests of these men in the support
of the system and in the support of the Govern-
ment, and 1 believe that if while you encouiage
the national system you allow only the State
banks to come in and take the advantages under
it, you will substantially bind all these interests
together.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, when I first
read the amendment proposed by the honorable
Senator fiom Wisconsin I supposed it was one
of the numerous amendments intended to indi-
icctly defeat this bill; but when I come to read it
now, and wilt n I see from the manner of the Sen-
ator that he is really sincere in offering it, I am
profoundly surprised. Letusanalyze this amend-
ment for a moment; and I shall not go off into a
discussion of the general merits of the^bill, be-
cause after the various propositions ot amend-
ment are made I may then have some geneial
observations to make in regard to the bill; b,ut
now let us look at the amendment of the Senator
from Wisconsin.
The first proposition is that no banker or bank
organized in the United States shall, after the pas-
sage of this law, issue any bank bill
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Not already in circula-
tion.
Mr. SHERMAN. Notalready in circulation.
Every bank charter now in existence in the .Uni-
ted States is therefore substantially repealed or
modified by our act; that is, we declare that no
bank organized by any State law shall,after this
day, issue any bank note.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Unless they redeem in
gold or silver.
' Mr. SHERMAN. In other words, we change
the law of every State in this Union by one sin-
gle proposition. Now, where is the constitutional
power to do it? Who has ever claimed such
power? We have the power to tax these banks,
and indirectly through the power of taxation we
may affect their circulation; but here atone broad
sweep the Senator would substantially repeal all
the State laws, forbid them to issue or reissue a
single note under any circumstances, whatever
may be the facts. Where is the power to pass
such a law? What Senator here claims such a
power?
Now let us look at the next proposition in the
Senator's amendment. In that he reserves to the
banks already organized under this law the right
to receive their bills under the provisions of the
law; in other words, he retains in existence the
law so far as the existing banks are organized; he
allows them to receive their notes, so that he does
not affect the system as far as they are concerned.
He gives to the banks already organized the mo-
nopoly of the banking under this system, and pre-
vents new banks from being organized under it.
But that is not the worst of it. No wonder that
the president of one of the leading banks of the
United States cordially approved this amendment
of the Senator.
What is the third proposition? It is that any
bankers or banks organized under the laws of an y
State now in existence may avail themselves of
the privileges of this banking bill, and nobody
else shall. That is, the banks now in existence
would have the complete monopoly of an organ-
ization under this act. I ask the Senator from
Wisconsin if he is willing to vote for such a
monopoly? It would be the most odious, the
most offensive that could be proposed by any
man. Itis to confine the benefits of this bill solely
to the banks now organized. There is a bank in
Pittsburg, or western Pennsylvania, that I believe
has issued ten times the amount of its capital
stock. The Senator from Pennsylvania probably
knows that. And yet that bank that is thus in-
flated, that has thus issued ten times its capital
stock as circulation, might, under this proposition,
for twenty years have the right to bank under
this banking bill, and would only reduce its cir-
culation by installments from time to time, when
no other citizen, no other individual in the United
States could avail himself of the privileges of this
act. In other words, it confers on the State banks
the monopoly of organizing under the national
iaw, and they alone would have the right to form
a bank association. No individual, however
wealthy, 110 citizen, however rich, no man,how-
ever patriotic, could avail himself of the privileges
of this banking system, except those banks now
organized under State laws, and they could do it
without restriction.
Why, sir, the propositions contained in this
amendment certainly cannot receive the sanction
of the Senate. The first provision is to repeal all
the banking laws of the States by forbidding
them to issue or reissue any note. The attempt
to enforce this provision would not only create
lawsuits, but would create troubles without num-
ber. You cannot force the banks into this sys-
tem. The purpose of the bill is to induce them
to come into it. This proposition would prevent
them from issuing or reissuing a single note.
The next proposition is to give them a monopoly
of the banking business under this law. Taking
those three propositions together, it seems to me
they make the amendment monstrous.
Then the second section of the amendmentpro-
vides that from and after the passage of this act
every person, banker, banking association, or
