1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL' GLOBE.
153
Air. LANE, of Indiana. The Committee on
Milifjiy Allans and the Militia, to whom was
refei red the blii (H. 11, No. 35) to provide for the
deficiency in the appropriation for the pay of of-
ficers and men actually employed in the Western
department, or department of Missouri, have in-
structed me to report it back without amendment.
I ask that it may be taken up and acted on now.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That had bettor be passed
oyer.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Being objected to,
it must go over under the rule.
Mr. COLLAMER, from the Committee on the
Library, to whom was referred the joint resolution
(S. No. 1) allowing the use of the Congressional
Library to the justices of the supreme court of the
District of Columbia, reported adversely thereon.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, to whom was referred the me-
morial of Henry P. Bian<?hard praying compen-
sation for services performed as marshal for the
consular court at Canton, China, submitted a re-
port, accompanied by a bill (S. JMo. 47) for the
relief of Henry P. Blanchard. The bill was read
and passed to a second reading; and the report
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. HENDRICKS, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 12) extending the time within which the States
and Territories may accept the grant of lands
made by the act entitled "An act donating public
lands to the seveial States and Territories which
may provide colleges for the benefit of agiicultute
and the mechanic aits," approved July 2, 1862,
reported it without amendment, and with a rec-
ommendation that it pass.
Mr. MORGAN, from the Committee on Mili-
ttuy Afluirs and the Militia, to whom was referred
the joint resolution (S. No. 14) presenting the
thanks of Congress to Cornelius Vanderbilr for
a gift of the steamship Yanderbilt, reported it
without amendment, and with a recommendation
that it pass.
lMlUNTING OF TAX REPORT.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a joint resolution (Ii.
It! No. 15) to provfde for printing annually the
report of the Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
have instructed me to report it back without
amendment, and recommend its passage. It is
desirable that it should be passed now,as the type
is standing; and I therefore ask for its piesent
consideration.
By unanimous consent the joint icsolution was
consideied as in Committee of the Whole. It
proposes to in.ike it the duty of the Supeiintend-
ent of Public Puntmy: <>nnua'!y to punt, for the
use of the Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
one thousand copies of his repoi t to the Secivtai y
of the Treasury.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordeied to a third reading,
read the thud time, and passed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. GRIMES a.sked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 49)
relating to theadtnission of patients to the hospital
foi the insane in the District of Columbia; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 50)
toauthouze the Piesulent to appoint a second
Assistant Secretary of War; which was read twice
by its title, and inferred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. CONNESS asked,and by unanimous con-
suit obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 51)
amendatory of and supplementary to " An act to
provide circuit coui ts for the distiicts of Califor-
nia and Oregon, and for other put poses,"approved
March 3, 18G3; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary, and
ordeied to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent ob-
tained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 5*2) to pro-
vide for f he sum niary tna! of mi nor olb-uses against
the laws of the United Stmt's; which was read
twic.'1 by us ti-tle, referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary, and ordered to be punted,
Mr. WILKINSON, m putsuance of previous
notice, asked and obtained leave to mtioduee a
joint resolution u'j. No 17) relative to a eerlam
grant of lands for railroad purposes, made to the
Territory of Minnesota in the year 1857; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Public Lauds.
COMMITTEE SERVICE.
On motion of Mr. COLLAMER, and by unan-
imous consent, it was
Ordered, That the vacancy on the Committee on Post
Offices nud Post Bonds, occasioned bv the death of Hon.
Lemuel J. Bowden, be filled by the Vice President.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr. Pom-
eroy to fill the vacancy.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS REPORT.
Mr. FOOT submitted the following resolution;
which was referred to the Committee on Printing:
Resolved, That five hundred copics of the ammni report
of the Connni-Monei of Publip Buildings and Grounds be
printed lor the use of the. Commissioner's offiec.
DIPLOMATIC SALARIES.
Mr. TRUMBULL submitted the following
resolmion; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Relations be
in-trueted to inquire into the expediency ot increasing the
salary of the United States minister to Spam and the Uni-
ted States consul at Macao, China.
MESSENGERS, PAGES, AND LABORERS.
Mi. CLARK submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Sen?eant-at-Aims ot the Senate be
authonzed to employ m the seivice of the Senate, daring
the present session, sueh extra me-^ongei^, page*, and la-
borers jus the Committee to Audit and Contiol the Contin-
gent Expenses maydm-ct.
POST llOAD IN WEST VIRGINIA.
Mr. CARL1LR submitted the following reso-
lution; which was'considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads inqnue into the expediency of establishing a mail or
po-«t mute liorn JLon Creek post ofllcc in Ilairi^on county,
West Vnsmia, vmRoekfoid and Johnstown, to Pec! Ttce
pott otiice iti JBaibour county.
BOUNTIES TO VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. WILSON. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to take up for consideration at this
time the joint resolution reported back this morn-
ing by the Committee on Finance to continue the
bounties to volunteers.
Hy unanimous consent the joint resolution (II.
R. No.-it)) to continue the bounties hcretofote
paid was considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The joint resolution was
referred to the Committee on Finance on my mo-
tion with a view to inquire what efn-ct its passage
would probably have upon the Treasury, and
how fai we were able to meet it. In order to ob-
tain the information that I desired on the subject.
1 addressed a letti r to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, to which lie has made a reply, which reply
: 1 send to the Chair to be lead foi the infuiimuion
of the Senate.
The Secretary read the following letter:
* Trpasury i)ri ARTMKNT, Jmiucny
Bir : On icec-ivum liom \ ou copies ol Senate joint ieso
iutien No. <J and IlousC joint le-olution No. 1G, iciatniirto
bounties, with > oui lettet inqnnmg " whether theic are any
eon.-ideiations <ui>iui| iioni the i ondition til* the Tiea-uiy
which \\ til mal-e the pas«sa«;e of eitliei lesolution d:ni eious
or paitn-uiaiiv nu^pedteuf at tlx piesent tune,and al-n le-
questimi -uch su^'cMion-, wiih lejjaru to any modification
ot eith''! [< -oimion Ol to the w hole -ubje< ( m.iltei as niay
cceui to me." I adduced a note to the heeiotaiv ol War,
.lskum toi Mich minimal ion as to the amount \\ hieh will
* piobably he leqtuied lor the payni'Mit of the inanities pro-
posed, the p"iiod- at v. hi eh the money will he wanted, and
the piopoiuon ol the whole amount lik(!y to h" d-nivjd
liom eoiimuit aion tor (halted men. as would enable me to
; make a pioper teph to yoni iettei.
! The Heeietaij ot* Will in are-wei to my note sa\ s :
; '• It is mwleiotood that fittv thou>and veleian \oluntcci«
have been oi m 'y be "iilt-ted liom the aunie.- m the held.
Twenty-one million dollars wou'd b. icquned tr.r tlie whole
bounty to that numbei ; .s'lO.oeO.OuO would he rujuned lor
^ the installment tailing; due the fust \ ear.
Tin ie aie 1 a o othei , ot volunteers beside-: what
aic called \etei,ms:
'• 1. Those who vohusu cr to ill! up old iegnneriH.
•'2 P.ceiuits k" i!"w "ig?nn/;,itions.
To «!.(*' _ who jio info old iouunenf^ $co0 bounty h a]-
! lowed by general eneular No. ; but to new leeriut^only
the -uni oi ^lOH, payable undei (lie act of Juh, J8f.l.
" The pi-partment ha^ labor'd io confine the volunteer
' re? to vete, ins and to fillins up tiie >>ld lerunents. A few
new orjiamyatioiii weie uuihonzed bui'ora the piesent sjs-
ttni v  adoptea.
" The number that will volunteer for old regiments ornew
organizations fcannot at proeont, with any certainty, be es-
timated. Jim, m most of the States, vigorous efforts are
being made by executive and municipal authorities to fill
up the whole quota."
From this statementit appeals that $21,000,000 will prob-
ably he wanted for bounties to veterans. Tiie sum likely
to be required for recruits lo fill up old regiments is not
stated ; butif the number be assumed as ex)U&l tothanua*-
ber ot'veterans expected to reeniist, the amount required tor
their bounties will be $15,750,000. If one bumhed thou-
sand men ate thus obtained, mid the remainder of Jbe three
hundred thousand men called for be filled trp by volimteers
for new organizations, the further sum of $20,GOO,©00 will
be needed.
The addition, therefore, of three hundred thousand vol-
unteers to the Army as veteians, recruits for old regiments,
and recruits for new organizations, will require appropri-
ations foi bounties to tiie amount of $56,730,000.
But, ifl understand the Secretary of War correctly, the
pum of $21,000,000 includes $5,000,000 for the bounty of
.$100 to each man, allowed by law to all recruits, except-
ing colored, alike, whether volunteers or drafted men.
So, too, the estimate of $13,750,000 for recruits-to old regi-
ments includes $5,000,000 ot ur-uai bounties; while the
sum of $20,000,000 for two hundred thousand recruits for
now organizations is wholly mad-e up of like bounties.
If, therefore, the estimate of fifty thousand veteran re-
cruits and fifty thousand recruits for old regiments be cor-
icet, the whole amount required under existing laws in
order to the laisingof the same number of men, is $20,-
730,000, of which sum about §15,000,000 will be lequired
during the present year.
Takin  these figures to be correct, I reply to your inqui-
ries that X do not think that there are any considerations
arising fiom the condition of the Treasury which will malce
the parage of either resolution dangerous or particularly
iuexpcdient.
I must not omit, however, to observe that any additions
to the appropriations demanded by existing estimates en-
hance the difficulty of obtaining the vast sums required to
satisfy them-
The first duty of the Republic to its soldiers and pallors
is prompt payments and s-urc supplies. Payments cannot
he prompt nor supplies sure if'appropriations exceed the
probability ot certain piovitsioij.
The estimates heretofore submitted require from loans for
the la>t «?rven month* ot the fiscal year 1804, $352,226,539,
oi §50,318,079 a mouth. If vigor and decision and earnest-
nesb in the work of Mippre^biiig the rebellion thall be at-
tended with maiked piogrev* tovvaid it* consummation,
these large sums, and the additional s-unis required for
bounties, can piolmhjy be obtained at reasonable lates.
Out the whole oi these additional Mnns, as well as every
othei amount added to expenditure beyond estimates,s/Kmfcl
beiaised by taxation. No uncertainty can be safely allowed
to attend ihc que.siton oi piompi payment. Delay of pay-
ment, mid dotibN ns to its eeitamty. chill the aidor of the
best soldier5;, create dissatisfaction in the minds of dealers
with the Government, enhance pi ices of supplies, and in-
vite deterioration of their quality.
I tiust, thewlore, that the Committee on Finance will
accompany any leport that may he made of tlx; resolutions
inferred to it with Mime icsolutions pledging the faith of
Congress to raise liy taxation, beyond the .$161,568,500 35,
heretofore estimated as the propoitionof this year's dis-
bursements to be piovided'm this mode, every dollar which
may bo appiopi iated bej ond the e^tinjates submitted at the
couuncneeinent of the session.
All eouMdeiations ofputdenceand economy require this
h gi-buioo. It will be impossible to raise large Mima by
loans much longer unless huge 5-uins aie also laised by tax-
ation. in the icport submitted to Congress at the com-
mencement of the session, I vcntuied to say, " It is haidly
too mueli—perhnp.- haidly enough—to "ay that every dollar
laired foi extiaordinaiy evpendiunes or reduction of debt
is woiih two m the increased value of national securities
and increased facilities for the negotiation of indispensable
loan*." Reflection and observation since have satisfied
me that under our piesent chcuinstances the remark is an
uudei^tateincnt of the truth.
Vouis veiyie-pectfuiJy, P. P. CHASE,
. Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon. \V. P. Fmssf.nden,
L'haumcni Committee of Finance, United States Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, the Sec-
retary of the Treasury having stated that there is
nothing in the condition of the Treasury, in his
judgment, to render the passage of either resolu-
tion paiticuiarly inexpedient at the present time,
(j the committee directed me to report the House
j j resolution. The lesolution of the Senate extended
j the time for the payment of these bounties until
the 1st of February, but U will be noticed that one
ij half the month of January has already elapsed,
j, It wilt become necessary, therefore, in order to
'I meet the opinion of the Committee on Military
,j A trans of the Senate, to extend it some further
ij time into the month ofFebi uary,andon the whole,
; there being but few additional days, the commit-
;! tec thought it better tO'take the House resolution
j; as it was, extending the time,-if it be extended
- at all, until the 1st of Mai\h.
'i The Sccietary made another suggestion in his
letter which the Senate will have noticed; and
■i that is, that (he passage of this irsolution be ac-
1 companies by a resolution pledging Congress to
]! raise additional sums by taxation. The commit-
'! tee were of opinion, however, with luforence to
J that-puim, that, as the oiiginating of bills for
l! raising icvciiue was, by the Constitution, uxdu-
