3152
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 21.
road have been completed, provides for a differ-
ent mode of* getting the verified statement, so far
at least as the California company is concerned,
and requires the oath to be filed in the surveyor
general'^ office of California instead of being
presented to the President. But the real gist and
animus of the section is to en-able the company
to get the bonds upon the- 44 construction" of
twenty miles of the road anywhere,, instead of forty
consecutive miles, the points of beginning and
ending being required to be set forth with cer-
tainty, as by the present law.
Now I will ask the House to look over with
me the seventeenth section of the present law and
see the provision'which reserves twenty-five per
cent, of the bonds issued in this behalf in the
Treasury of the United States, undelivered " un-
til said road and a 11 parts thereof are entirely com-
pleted." This wise provision, so justto the Gov-
ernment, is repealed outright by the seventh sec-
tion of the bill before us, and no portion of the
bonds whatever are to be retained but all are to
go to the company. The fifth section of the law
provides for the issuing of bonds when the com-
missioners shall certify to the completion and
equipment of forty miles of the road and tele-
graph. Wifo will contend that this is not a just
provision to the Government, and one that ought
to be adhered to, if we pretend to look to the in-
terests of the nation? But, sir, mark you how
tins is got rid of by the extraordinary provisions
of the eighth section of the bill before us to-day.
I will read this eighth section, and then scru-
tinize its provisions:
Sec. 8. And be it farther enacted, That for the purpose
of facilitating the work oirs>aid raihoad, and of enabling
the said company as ecuty a-4 piaetieable to commence the
grading of said nulroad ni the region of the mountain-*, be-
tween the eastern Ikim; of the Kooky mountains and the
western base of iljo Sierra Nevada numnlain.-*, m> that the
same may bo finally completed within the time required
by law, it is hereby provided that whenever tile cluet en-
gineerof the said comounx, ami said commissioners, sdiall
certify that a certain pi opoi (ion of Ihn u-oik i eqati ed to 'prc-
paic the routl tor the sumuTRU'-rURP: on auy sue!i section
oj twenty miles is done (u ,'nrfi snul rciti'icale shall be duly
verified) the Srothci 1/ of the Tien^ui 11 is Aci chy authoi i~ed
and rC(<ui>fd, upon the di'imy 0/ stub ca tijicate, to issue
to said tomyumj a ]>)opa)tiJii of bind boiuUy not exceeding
two l/nytis oj the amount of bonds authoiizcd to be issued
undci the, -p-iovi^iuns of' the. a< fy to aid m the construction of
Mich sutton of twenty vide4, w>r in any case exceeding two
thuds oj the value of the iroik done. The remaining one
thud to remain until the said section is Jully romjdetcd and
certified by the coimna-sionci s appointed by tho I3) evident
according to the terms and prorations of the said act, fyc., (>c.
Here, instead of having fotty miles of your
road completed befoie you let go your bonds, it
is coolly proposed that, upon a certificate that the
road is prepared for the supeistructure, before a
rail is laid on any section of twenty miles, the
Secretary of the Treasury is icqniivd to issue
bonds not exceeding two thirds of the amount
authorized to be now issued, and not to exceed
two thirds of the value of the work done. What
docs all this mean? It means that tho company
shall be permitted to go on and do certain grading
on the road, not pifttmg it any where in the neigh-
borhood of completion, get two thirds of the
whole amount of bonds per mile which are au-
thorized by law, and leave the road unfinished,
put the bonds into its pocket, and leave Uncle
Sam to whistle for his money and his railroad.
I come now to the tenth section of the bill, and
T confess to a suit of udmiiatjon of the sublime
audacity which paities must havo to come here
and ask Congress to enact mieh a provision into
a law. I havo called attention to other provisions
of an extraordinary nature, hut this proposed en-
actment throws all others far into the shade, and
stands out in bold relief as an indication of the
"base uses" that this company have conceived
that Congress may be put to m their behalf. 1
carefully read the section that every gentleman
may know its exact meaning and purport:
Sec. 10. jlnd he it JuKher cnatted, That -oction five ot
said act he -o modified and .onoiKleii that tho Union P.icitie
Ilailioad Company, the tVutiat I'aetrie Railroad Cump.ui},
and any othei company aiuhoriflfett to p,uncinate in tin:
eon-l:action of &.iul io.nl, 11,a> i->in: ttun hr-,t minimise
hoiid^ on then renpocuve r ulroiuK and telcfiaph Hue's To
an amount not exceeding Uk; amount oi the bonds of the
United State* auuionzed to he i^ned to *aid railroad com-
panies rc-peouv.Hy. Axwriir, !,u:x 01 thc United £ rwiis
bo.nds fc> ii u.l be suboluun at1s to that of the donds ok
any oh 1 ithlr ok SAID co-ul'imi s- hereby authorized
to be issued o.n thl1k ul.m'j.c'l ive roaus, proi'ekuy,
am) ttiuii'MEMS. And --aid section is fill rher amended by
striking out the woid u foitv" and mseUini: in lieu theieoY
the words <kon each and every section of not less than
twenty.
Now, it will be recollected that the fifth section
of the existing law provides for the repayment of
the bonds issued to the company, and declaies
that the issue and delivery of them to the com-
pany shall ipso facto constitute a first mortgage
on the whole line of road and telegraph, together
with the rolling stock. This way the security
which Congress had a right to demand of any
company that should be organized. It was its
duty to require it, unless it was intended to sur-
render up everything and place themost gigantic
interests at the feet of the company without con-
trol and without challenge. We donated, as I
have before stated, millions upon millions of acres
of the public lands for this puipose; then we
agreed to give our bonds for the amount, with the
interest thereon, of §96,000,000, and if Congress
had required less than a first mortgage as its se-
curity, it would in my judgment have been deie-
lict in duty to the country, whose interests in
this regard it can alone protect. What is now
proposed by this amendment? I demand that
gentlemen shall look at it; let the mirror be held
up to nature Nothing less than that the Gov-
ernment, with its liability of a hundred millions,
shall relinquish its Hist mortgage and suboi.dind.te
its lien to the liens of all the companies created
for building the road. Tho bonds of the United
States are to be issued to the company, and the
Government is to have no prior lien for its secur-
ity; but by this provision the company repre-
senting as it may but one per cent, or a little over
of the amount that the Government is liable for,
is to- subordinate that Government to its own in-
terests, raise money on the security of the means
that the Government has furnished, give a first
mortgage for the security of that money, and
leave the United States as a second mortgagee,
obliged to pay off the first mortgage before it can
be in a position to take advantage of any security
there might by possibility be as a second mort-
gagee. £>ut who is wild enough to believe that
should the piovisions of this section become a
lav/ the remaining security of the Government
will be woith a straw i Jt is worse than idle
to contend that we shall have any security left
for all our liability if this bill shall pass. And
further, by the fifth section of thc law bonds can-
not be issued till forty consecutive miles of the
road are fully completed and equipped. It is
now proposed by this tenth section to strike out
forty and make it twenty. This company, not
content with snatching from the Government the
security it now holds for the bonds it issues,
cannot even wait to finish the forty miles of road
at present required before grabbing what is pro-
posed to put into their hands, but they must cut
it down so that they can go in on twenty miles.
Sir, on my lesponsibihty as a Representative, i
pronounce this as thc most monstrous and flagrant
attempt to overreach tho Government and the
people that can bo found in all the legislative an-
nals of the country. When we look at the ori-
ginal law with all its liberal and just provisions,
when we look at the company organized under it
and see how far it hos failed to meet us proper ob-
ligations, and consider the extraordinary amend-
ments here proposed, are we not filled with as-
tonishment at what is demanded of us as the
guaidians of the people's rights? Indeed may
we now exclaim:
" Can puoh thing-* be,
And overcome us like a summer's cloud,
Without uin special wnndei r"
I have said i am a friend to the Pacific railroad,
and that fi ienuslup has been proved by my official
action in this House for the last ten years. I want
to see that magnificent enterprise completed at the
earliest moment, and anything the Government
can properly do in this time of war to urge for-
ward the object i am in favor of. But because I
am. in favor of it i am not going blindly for any \
projects that may bo thrust forward by interested \
patties; projects that Will take the means of the !
Government and not secme the end desired. I j
v.'iil never consent to yield what is demanded by :
this bill. I believe the road will never be built j
under the present management even if the bill j
shall pass, and I desire to place that conviction |
upon the record here to-day. I warn the true '
friends of the road, I warn Congress and the poo- !
pie what will betheresult. The present directors I
of the company hold for three years, and the whole |
business of the directors is done by an executive !
committee of the board who hold for the same time.
The real state of the case seems to be that the ex-
ecutive committee is the board of directors, tmd
one man is the executive committee.
I have said I would again advert to the Leav-
enworth, Pawnee, and Kansas Road Corppany,
to which a grant was made by the existing law,
but it is not material to the object I have in view
in making these remarks. This has been a sep-
arate organizatwn, and the same fate has befallen
it as will, I fear, overtake other and like compa-
nies. There are, I understand,no less than three
different organizations, and everything connected
with the road is in the most inextricable confu-
sion, with litigation piled mountains high, differ-
entparties fighting over the matter like dogs over
a bone.
I believe a different state of things exists with
the California company, and it is on that side
that nearly all the work has been done, and done
in good faith; but the fate and destiny of that
company must abide that of the others.
To the first, second, and third sections of the
bill I now see no valid objections, and I do not
know that I would object to the twelfth and four-
teenth sections. The thirteenth section is a great
improvement on the existing law, but I donotbe-
lieve it goes farenough. The objectionable feat-
uies of the bill are very objectionable, while the
others are of but little value. Unless there shall
be very material amendments adopted, I shall
vote against the bill.
Mr. PRICE. 1 have no speech to make par-
ticularly upon this bill, yet I have thought that
it might be well, enough for some one who is
upon the special committee on this subject to
make some observutionsin reference to the opera-
tions of this road.
I am a little astonished at the proposition made
by the gentleman from New York [Mr. Pruyn]
in reference to this matter—a proposition coming
from a gentleman professedly a friend of the en-
terprise, proposing at this day, without so much
as ts by your leave, sir," to take away the entire
franchise.from a company which have this mat-
ter in charge, who have subscribed the stock,
have paid the money contemplated by law, have-
complied in every respect with thc requirements"
of their charter. I say I am surprised that un-'
dor these circumstances a proposition should be
made to take away at one fell swoop the entire
control of the road with all its franchises, and
leave them without remedy or redress. I do not
know that it is necessary to spend much time
upon that subject, for i have not persuaded my-
self that the proposition was made in good faith,
or that it will be seriously entertained. I shall
therefoie say nothing further in reference to it,
for my object is not to kill time, nor to kill the
bill by talking it to death, for after what has
taken place this evening, if that object is to be
accomplished, it will not need help from me or
any other friend of the enterprise.
1 wish now to pay some little attention to the
remarks made by the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Wasiiburne.] I must congratulate him
on the great interest he takes in the condition of
the country at this particular time. I am much
pleased to find some gentleman upon this floor
who is willing at the risk of his life and his honor
to guaid the Treasuiy of these United States
when there are so many contractors with their
aims into it clear up to the shoulder. I begin
to believe there is some hope of salvation forthe
country when I can array on this side of the ques-
tion such an able advocate as my friend from
Illinois.
But there is one strange thing about his course
at this time._ He proposes to guard the Treasury
when theie is no attack made upon it. He pro-
poses to stand as sentinel when there is no foe
near or far off. He proposes to save money from
going out of the Treasury when nobody asks for
any money to be taken out of the Treasury. I
beg the gentlemen who compose this House to
mark well what I say, for there is nothing I say
that I cannot prove from the record. The gen-
tleman fromMlhnois has i;one over this bill sec-
tion by section and paragraph by paragraph,
and he has failed to put his finger upon a single
item in these amendments to the original charter
of the company where we ask for a single ad®
ditional dollar. I am either right or wrong in
thc declaration that not an additional dollar is
