1200
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 19.
may now talk of freedom, act for it, legislate for
it, and above all other acts we may place one which
shall stamp universal freedom on our national Con-
stitution, never to be erased, never to die while
the Republiclives. To accomplish this great end
I introduced the joint resolution to which I have
alluded, and I believe its passage is desired by the
truly loyal people of the country almost without
an exception.
In preparing the resolution I was careful to pre-
sent but one issue, the incompatibility of slavery
with afree Government. This issue is no reflection
on the wise and good men who laid the firm founda-
tions and fashioned the sublime architecture of
our Constitution. They entertained not the re-
motest idea that they were tolerating a tenant in
the grand structure which would, when warmed
into life and developed into the form of apolitical
power, endeavor to tear down the altars of lib-
erty, and erect in their stead a throne of absolut-
ism and death. The oft-expressed and univer-
sally understood views of the fathers fully attest
that they regarded this tenant as the thing to be
tolerated only because it promised speedy disso-
lution. They found it in the house they were
erectingfor the protection of themselves and their
children, looked upon it with horror, and left it
to die, never suspecting the dreadful power it em-
bodied. Surrounded by the grand teachings of a
successful war, based upon principles utterly de-
structive of slavery if enforced, they looked for-
ward to "the death of the latter by the mere devel-
opment and power of the former. They believed
in the incompatibility of slavery with afree Gov-
ernment; but they regarded the latter to be the :
stronger, not yet having had experience with shi-
very as a political power. These reasons will
account in great part for the absence from the
Constitution of a section prohibiting slavery, it
is impossible to believe that the master-workmen
who gave to us this best of human Governments
in the lacst degree suspected that they woie trans-
mitting with it the seeds of dissolution. They
believed their work secure from molestation by
this tolerated thing which all good men loathed
and expected to see pass speedily away. In tins
they were mistaken, as we have discovered to our
deepest sorrow and infinite cost. Hut their wis-
dom provided the means for overruling the dis-
astrous consequences of their mistake. The
Constitution which they formed, and which the
people ordained and established, contains ample
provisions for accomplishing the destruction of
that power which so long disturbed the tranquil-
lity of the nation, and fimilly enveloped us in the
whirling, leaping, enenehng red flame of war.
The fifth article of the Constitution of the United
States reads as follows:
" Congre^, whenever two thuds of both Houses shall
deem it necessary, bliall propose amendments to tins Con-
stituuon,or, oil tin' application of the Legislatures- of two
thirds of the suveiai ►State-*, shall call a convention (01 pro-
posing amendments, which, in either ea*e, Khali he valid
to ull interna and purposes, as part of this Con^titunon.
when ratified by the Le<nslatmes of three fourths of the
seveia! Siateu, or by convention'm three fouiths Mnmool
ns the one ortheothennodc of lutifieaiiun may he proposed
b} Congie&s: Provided, That no amendment which may
be made prior to the year lKOS bhall in any manner affect
the fir t and fourth ciauM-s tn the ninth section of the tiist
article; and that no .State, without its consent, shall he de-
prived of its equal tuffragc in the aeuatu., 
_ This highly practical section of the Constitu-
tion, tree from all conditions and limitations since
the year 1603, with regard to the subjects con-
cerning which amendments may be adopted, with
the single exception of the suffrage of the Suites
in the Senate, was provided asa means for adapt-
ing the fundamental law of the Republic to the
changes incident to the development of the nation.
It is the safety-valve of the Constitution, so con-
structed and guarded as to prevent hasty and in-
considerate action, and utterly destructive ofevery
pretense for forcible revolution. It is impossible
to justify a resort to force as a remedy for wrongs
imaginary or real, while this recognition of the
great doctrine that "Governments derive then-
just powers from the consent of the governed"
remains a part of our organic law; and it would
be equally difficult to justify the existenceof any-
thing in the Government destructive of the in-
alienable rights of " iTfe, liberty, and the pursuit
of happiness," without, at least, an earnest and
determined effort to remove it. When the people
established the Constitution, embracing the sec-
tion which J h«ve quoted, rhey agreed upon the
means whereby the consent of the governed should
be determined, and by the same act placed upon
themselves and uf>on us the responsibility at-
tached to those things which interfere with the
inalienable rights of man, or which tend to flie
destruction of free government. Amendments
proposed by Congress, or by a convention called
for that purpose, and adopted or rejected by the
Legislatures of the several States, are the mediums
through which the consent of the governed is to
be determined concerning all things not now pro-
vided for in the Constitution. It was a fair agree-
ment, placing upon each and every citizen, and
upon the several States, all of the risks and re-
sponsibilities incident thereto, for " we, the peo-
ple of the United States," made it. It was ex-
pected that the nation would develop into grander
proportions, its interests become more varied, its
wants and necessities increase, and that it might
be beset by dangers not occurring to the minds
which mold-ed the form of the organic law. It
was agreed and expressly provided that the Con-
stitution shoufd grow to meet all of these new
demands, keeping within the bounds of its ordi-
nation " to form a more perfect Union, establish
justice, insure domestic tranquillity, provide for
the common defense, promote the general welfare,
and secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves
and.our posterity."
This section of the Constitution is my author-
ity for introducing the joint resolution which I
have read; and it also imposes upon this House
the responsibility of meeting the question fairly
and with a view to the promotion of the best in-
terests of the nation, by releasing it from the
thralldomsof ahoslilepower which has entwined
itself around the heart and life of the Republic.
The proposition introduces no intricate question
of constitutional law for discussion. It simply
submits a question of fact, tor our determination,
upon which the past and present throw such a
Hood of light that not even willfulness can lead us
astray, la slavery incompatible with a free Gov-
ernment? This is the true question involved; and
no artful summomrigs of cunningly devised side
issues, or of the ghosts of dead expediencies, can
release any member of this body from passing
upon this single issue. It is all there is in the
case. The contest is squarely between slavery
and free government, and in this light it is to be
conducted to the end. Let us follow it, and see
how it will end.
Slavery is defined to be " the state of entire sub-
jection ot one person to the will of another." This
is despotism, pure and simple. It is true that this
defimiion concerns more the relations existing be-
tween master and slave than it docs those between
the tjy.stem of slavery and the Government. But
we need not hope to find a system purely despotic
acting in harmony with a Government wholly,
or even partially, lepublican. An antagonism
exists between the two which can never be recon-
ciled. This our experiences with the principles
involved have taught us is a truism from which
indifference will not enable us to escape", nor dis-
simulation release us. But when we connect with
(he despotism of the slave system of this country
the immense land and money power embraced in
it, and reflect how thoioughly it had become in-
terwoven with the entire social fabric of nearly
one half of the States, we can more readily under-
stand and fully comprehend how and why this
antagonism took upon itself the form of political
organization thiough which for many years it
controlled the nation, and through which it in-
sisted on the death of the Republic when it could
connol no longer. We can also understand why
the system of which this antagonism is the active
life took possession of every department of the
local governments of the Stales where it existed,
and hedged itself about with laws which were not
only violations of the fundamental principles of
our national Constitution but disgraceful to civ-
ilization and destructive of free Government. No
man, whose conscience has vitality sufficient to
make him honest, can read the sla\e codes of the
southern States without admitting that they are
utterly repugnant to the genius of our free insti-
tutions and irreconcilably opposed to the theory
of our Government. And yet every one knows
that these tyrannical, hostile, and barbarous codes
were absolutely necessary for the preservation of
the slave system, even in those dark days of sla-
very's rule which existed before the present war
awakened to its true and real life the moral sense
of the nation, and forced its ever-enduring light
into the beclouded minds of the bondmen of this
land, quickening their perception into that keen
appreciation of every man's right to " life, lib-
erty, and the pursuit of happiness," which bids
defiance to slave codes, and effectively asserts and
maintains the right ofevery man to own himself.
The system, being a pure despotism, was forced
to resort to despotic laws for support, defense,
and perpetuation.
It was perfectly natural for the comparatively
few men who held four million human beings in
a bondage which puts to shame all other kindred
systems which ever cursed man for their mildness,
not only to resort to cruel and despotic laws for
aid in their diabolical act, but also to seek refuge
in the anti-republican dogma that " the light to
govern resides in a very small minority; the duty
to obey is inherent in the great mass of mankind."
Domestic slavery, backed by immense capital
and political power, knitted its lethargic web
closely and firmly around statesmen and parties,
and soon forged fetters for holding the mass of
the people in governmental slavery. The minor-
ity commanded, and flew to arms to destroy the
Government when the mass of the people refused
to obey; and the war which is now so severely
taxing the energies ofourpeople,and drawing so
exhaustively on the resources of the country, is
the legitimate offspring of the attempt of a reck-
less, insolent, and depraved slaveholding oligarchy
to mold this Govemmentinto a political counter-
part of that barbaric domestic despotism which
asserts the right of pioperty in man. "The state
of entire subjection of one person to the will of
another" struck hands with " the right to govern
resides in a very small minority; the duty to obey
is inherent in the great mass of mankind." Do-
mestic slavery and political slavery were joined
in unholy wedlock in the temple of the Republic,
and their infernal progeny are now trying to de-
molish the grand edifice in which their incestuous
parents plighted their criminal vows. The entire
combination, from minutest nefarious particle to
its aggregated atrocity, is an anti-republican, des-
potic whole, the sworn enemy of all that is good,
the bane of all that is just.
Mr. Chairman, we can cast our eyes upon no
pageofthis nation's history whereon itis not writ-
ten, " Slavery is incompatible with a free Govern-
ment." We have tried to close our eyes against
this constantly repeated and self-evident {ruth.
We have tried to reason it away, to practice arts
which should carry us around it, or over it, or
under it. We have failed to accomplish the de-
sired result. As immutable as the laws of God
stands the declaration, "Slavery is incompatible
with a free Government." Decked with the ha*
bihments of death, surrounded by all the dread
scenes of war, this incompatibility is thundering
at the gates of the citadel of the Republic, demand-
ing recognition. The loyal inmates command us
to obey the summons. But we have not yet had
enough of sorrow, desolation, and death. We
must stop and reason, while the national treasure
pours out in streams of increasing volume, while
the life-blood flows from other hearts, while graves
in untold numbers are preparing, and the ashes
of desolation are cast upon unnumbered hearth-
stones. We must not act rashly. We must be
calm, discreet, dignified. We must inquire why
this great thunderer is thus disturbing our old
traditions and confusing our conservative ideas.
Well, let us examine this demand, and asceitain
upon what facts it is supported.
In order to understand perfectly the objects
which the people had in view when they ordained
the Constitution of the United States, we must
turn to the preamble which introduces us to that
instrument. When we give it our attention we
find it a very plain-spoken guide, void of guile or
dissimulation. It discloses to us, first, that the
Constitution is the work of the people; and this
at once develops the thoroughly republico-demo-
cratic character of the Government established.
It was a grand creation of the people for their own
security in the possession of the great objects ex-
pressed in the preamble. All of the powers em-
braced in the Constitution were placed there for
the sole purpose of putting these objects above
interference from any source and beyond the haz-
ard of loss, These objects are notpnly compati-
ble with, but absolutely necessary to, the exist-
