1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE..
155
practicable, it is desirable to avoid the raising of
the prices of substitutes and the employment of
brokeis in that business. That lias been the
policy at which we have aimed, whether we have
effected it or not. It seems to me that furnishing
a substitute or paying the money to procure a
substitute should place the man on the same foot-
ing. If riot, then the man, instead of furnish-
ing money, will go into the market and employ
brokers, and the result will be to raise the price
of substitutes so that the Government cannot get
men. That is the necessary effect of such a course,
and it will defeat the great purpose for which
the commutation clause was inserted in the law.
The Senator from Ohio in his amendment makes
a distinction between the man who furnishes a
substitute and the man who pays commutation
money.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator is mistaken
in one respect. I make two classes of substitutes.
If the substitute is himself liable to draft, I then
put the man furnishing him upon the same foot-
ing1 as the man who pays the money; but if the
substitute is not liable to draft, as if he is an un-
naturalized foreigner, or under the age of twenty,
or a veteran soldier who has performed his share
of military duty, in that case he is a full substi-
tute, and relieves the drafted man from the whole
draft for three years. If thesubstituteishimself
liable to military duty, I simply provide that they
change places; the drafted man's name goes back
on the enrollment list, and the substitute takes
his placc in the ranks.
Mr. COLLAMER. That does not avoid the
difficulty. It still leaves a difference between a
man who pays the money and a man who fur-
nishes a substitute.
Mr. SHERMAN. In one class.
Mr. COLLAMER. It still keeps up that dis-
tinction and still makes the very difficulty; still
runs us against the very trouble which we are de-
sirous to avoid. I know that for a while it was
said, in consequence of a certain expression of the
old law declaring that the paymcntofmoneyshould
clear a man from " that draft," that there was a
difference between paying the money and furnish-
ings substitute. That, however, was afterward
overruled, and for this obvious reason: "that
draft" was understood to beadraft for three yeats,
and therefore when the law said that the payment
of the moneyshould clear a man from 4'that draft,"
it must be understood to be the same thing as clear-
inga man when hefurnishedasubstituteforthree
years. All meant the same thing, were understood
in the same way. The great purpose for which
that feature of the law was inserted would be ut-
terly defeated if it were nor so. The law provided
that a man paying the money should he cleared
from that draft. The President may orderadraft
at any time. I do not know what that word means
unlcssitmcansadraftfor three years. #lfitmeans
that, then when a man pays the money or hires
a substitute lie is clear for three years. We aie
iequired,in oidcr tu understand what we are about,
to know ourselves, and know what we mean by
the words "that draft." If it is a three years'
draft, as I understand, then a man is clear for three
years if he pays the money. If not, what is the
result? A man's name is putin and lie is drafted.
He is told that paying his money will not have
the same effect as furnishing a substitute. So he
goes into the market; he goes toabioker; the
broker has runners out, and the effect is to run
up the price of substitutes in the maiket so that
the Government will notgetmen afterward. That
will not do.
You clear him from " that draft, "and you moon
not a- draft for three years, which would clear
lum for three years; well, what do you mean ? The
President, say, has ordered a draft to-day for one
hundred thousand men. The drawing takes placc,
and he does not get as many as he wants. Next
week he orders a draft for more, and so on for
more until he gCts his whole hundred thousand.
Do you mean that these three drawings which
it took to obtain one hundred thousand men
are one draft, or three drafts ? If you mean that
every time you go on drafting you are to draw
out of the box in which the names are placed
those which have not already been drafted, then
it is nothing but a continuation of the former
draft. If you mean that you are to put back again
all that have been drawn and have not gone into
the service, all who have hired substitute;; that
were not subject to duty, all those who have paid
the money, it comes to this: to-day 1 am drafted;
I pay my $300 for obtaining a substitute; the
Government take my §300, and next week they
put my name back into the box and they draw
it out again! Now,does the gentleman really
mean that I shall be subject to that second draft
and the Government pocket my money and keep
it ? I think the bare statement of the case is suf-
ficient to startle any man's sense of common jus-
tice, much less common honesty. Youjlrafta
man to-day and take his $300, and next week you
draft him again and will not return him the money.
Then put it the other way: suppose the Govern-
ment take the money and employ a substitute
with it, and then put the man back again into the
box and draft him again. Will you say that that
man did not furnish a substitute when he fur-
nished you the money by which you obtained
one? And yet it seems to go on that ground. I
hardly think-the gentleman really means that; it
cannot be possible. If he does not mean it, his
amendment requires very great modifications.
I suggest to the Senator from Ohio whether it
would not better carry out tho view which I can-
not but think He entertains, to say that if a man
is drafted and furnishes a substitute or pays his
money, he shall not be subject to draft again until
all the persons who arc enrolled have been drafted.
I would not take his name out. I would leave it
in for the purpose of keeping up the whole num-
ber, so that the chances should be tha^same; but
the provision I suggest is that such a man, if
again drafted, shall not be subject to be called upon
to perform duty under that draft until all the per-
sons enrolled shall have been drafted. That might
create something like equality and justice, and
would not prevent the taking of such a man when
the necessities of the country require it.
I will state the proposition again, so that it may
be perfectly understood. It is, that a man who
is drafted and furnishes a substitute or pays the
money to piocure one, shall not be subject to duty,
if again drafted, until all the persons enrolled have
been drafted. When they have all been enrolled
and drafted and paid theii* money or got substi-
tutes, they will be on the same footing; they will
all be served alike. Then you might again, with
some justice, put them all back in to the ballot-box
and draft again when the necessities of the nation
t equire it; but you should not take a substitute
from a drafted man, or take his money, and then
►so ai range it as to draft him again whim tliei e are
thousandsalreadvon therollwho have never been
drafted at all. 1 do not wish to take further time
on this question at present.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think there is no injustice,
and the Senator will see that there is no difficulty,
in enforcing my proposition, if he will allow me
to illustiate my meaning by a supposable case.
Suppose that he and I are subject to draft, and I
am first drafted. It is not convenientforme to go,
and he would go for §300. I employ lnm to take
my place and go into the service of the country,
and pay him £<300  and I take his place on the en-
rollment, subject to future draft. We exchange
places, precisely as if his name was drawn and
mine remained. Is there anything wrong in this?
If by the turn of the wheel in a future draft my
name should be drawn again, I only stand in his
sln.es; 1 take ins place. I ptirchase a temporary
and pti haps a permanent exemption for $300, and
the United States lose nothing.
Mr. COLLAMER. It is not that, but it is the
otherproposition I am talkingabout. I am talking
about the taking a man's $300 and subjecting him
In be drafted again when yon do not pay him hark
his money; and also about the diafting of a man
who has furnished a substitute.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will take that ease. It is
the purpose of the law, as the Senator agrees, to
pievent the price of substitutes going beyond the
means of men in ordinary circumstances. For
this object we fixed the rate of commutation at
£>300. We authorized the employment of a sub-
stitute or thf payment of $300 to operate alike
as an exemption for three years from military
service. Now, to resume my illustration, sup-
pose that, instead of employing the gentleman
who is on the enrollment list with me to act in
my place, I pay to the Government $300 to be re-
lieved from that draft, but upon condition that my
name is retained on the list for futute drafts; is n
any hardship? I receive the same benefit by the
payment of the $306 to the Government as if paid"
to him.
Mr. COLLAMER. Will the gentleman an-
swer me thi$question: would it not be hard, when
you have paid your $300 to the Government for
the purpose of getti ng a substitute, that you should
be subject to draft again, when there are thou-
sands on the roll who have never been draffed?
Should they not be placed on the same footing
with you? Then there would be some equality.
Mr.SHERMAN. Itisimpossibletohaveany
system of draft that will equally distribute its bur-
dens. I may think it hard that I should be drafted
a second time instead of other persons on the list;
but the chances must determine. When all arc
not needed, some must be taken. Who shall be
selected ?' Ithasbeen deemed by military nations
wisest and best to resorMo the draft, because that
is impartial; it knows no difference between the
rich and the poor; all mqn take their chance.
The draft is therefore considered fairer, rather
than to divide the whole community into classes,
but it may in many cases operate hardly and
unjustly. We must look at the present law in
order to obviate the objections to it. All those
subject to military duty are now enrolled. It is
a capital of, say, three million persons subject
to military duty. The Government wants, say,
twenty per cent, of them to render military ser-
vice. They make a draft for that twenty per
cent. Under the present law, the persons drafted
whose services are needed in the field may get rid
of the draft by the payment of $300. The wants
of the Government are not supplied, the wants of
the Government arc not satisfied. Under the law,
as the gentleman properly construes it, the pay-
ment of $300 exempts a man from military ser-
vice for three years; and the fear was at the War
Department that if this system was carried on, if
your law of last winter was executed in its words
and according to its meaning, you might get an
army, but that you would exhaust the basis of
the draft. By your law you agreed that men who
had been drafted should, upon the payment of
$300, be discharged from military service for three
years; and yet the exigencies of the country might
demand that their service should be rendered with-
in three years. This was a danger which must
be avoided; it was a danger that was pointed out
with great force by the Senator from Indiana.
He has never been answered. We must not im-
pair the basis of the draft, and I can perceive no
way to avoid it but to provide that if a man pays
mono)' for commutation his name must again bo
placed upon the roll, or the result will be that we
may have one army without any chance of rein-
forcements or without any basis for further calls.
Mr. COLLAMER,. Let me ask the gentleman
what is the difficulty, when a man's name is
drawn out, if he has paid the §300, in permitting
him to remain discharged until the rest have been
drafted ?
Mr. SHERMAN. That would be just if his
$300 employed a substitute not subject to draft;
but the general effect would be for the substi-
tute to be taken from among* those subject to
draft. The $300 may be entirely insufficient, or
two names would be stricken from the enrollment
and but one secured for the service. My amend-
ment provides for two classes of substitutes: one,
those not subject to military duty, as unnatural-
ized foreigners, who are not subject to military
duty under our laws; or minors who are under
twenty years of nge; or those who have already
served their country and are called veterans. They
are relieved from draft. Now, if a drafted per-
son from among those not subject to draft se-
cures a substitute and puts him into the ranks of
the armies of the United States, he has furnished
to the Government of the United States a full
substitute in its proper sense—a man not subject'
to military duty, who could not be called upon
for military duty. If he places him in the ranks,
ho has furnished the Government a substitute
without weakening or drawing from the basis
upon which this draft rests Therefore he should
have, and I give him, the full benefit of the sub-
stitute, and relieve him from service for three
years, the time for which he was drafted. Butif,
on the other hand, he goes among those who are
themselves subject to military duty and gets a
person who may at the next turn of the wheel bo
himself drafted} he should talc the chances of that
substitute for all future diafts. This will not
