1202
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 19,
blast and cannon-roar of another war, or shall we
sccuie a permanent peace to ourselves and our
children by firmly establishing Mlie general wel-
fare upon the tomb of slavery ? We cannot post-
pone these grave questions for posterity to an-
swer. With us they abide, and we are to answer
them. Wo must answer them, and do it faithfully
for freedom, if we would have this war pass into
the history of past events, and not " drag its slow
length along" the pages of the future. No avenue
is presented for our escape except that which
leads over the dead body of slavery. This great
fact is recognized by the nation. Its immense
proportions have attracted the attention of the
civilized world. Shall we alone close our eyes to
it and attempt to avoid its grave responsibilities?
We cannot s&cceed in this if we should try. We
ought not to try. for the general welfare of the na-
tion forbids it.
The last, the grandest, the most sublime of the
objects declared by the people in the ordination
of the Constitution is, " to secure the blessings of
liberty to ourselves and our posterity." Ot this
great object of the people, Story, 111 his Comment-
aries on the Constitution, says: ,
'•'Surely no object could bo moio woitiiy of tlx; wisdom
and ambition ot'tbc bt*->t men in any «tge. Ifthoiebe any-
thing which may justly elialb-niic tin* ad miration of nil man-
kind, it that *ubliiim patriotism which, loolunu beyond
its own tunes ami us own fleeting pursuits, aim-, iom'ciiio
tho permanent happiness of pointy Ivy laying the broad
foundation:* ol Government upon immovable puneiple^ ot
justice. Our alloefions, indeed, may mutually be pie-
Mimed to outlive the huef limits of uur own lives?, ami to
repose with deep sensibility upon our own immediate de-
scendants. But then; is a tiobUi disinterestedness in that
forecast which disregard** pieM-nt objects foi the sake ot'
ail mankind and erecB stnuMuie-4 to pioteet, vttppoit, and
bless the most distant gemMatum^."
Let us not overlook tifat portion of this well-
expressed and better-brstowed praise which icsts
Upon the fact that the glorious wotk of the people
was for " the sake of ail mankind." Let it bring
afresh to our'tninds that important question pro-
pounded by Jefferson:
"Can the liberties of a nation be thought secure win n
we have iPirmved Uh-ii onl_\ hon ba-is.a conviction in the
minds ol the people that these liberties arelb<-;,'i!f ol (buJ,
that they ate not to be violated hut with His wi.uh?"'
uot slavery denied that this great wotk of
the people was intended for the " safety of all
mankind,"and brought upon us the just chastise-
ment of God, who intended "%these liberties" foi
all of His creatures* What are the thundeis ot
this war but (he voice of God calling upon tins
nation to return from the evii paths, made louiih
by etiors and misfortunes, blundeis am! eiimfs,
made slippery by the warm, smoking blood of
our brothers and fiiends, to the grand highway
of national thrift, prosperity, happiness, glory,
and peace, in which lie planted tin; feet of the
fathers? Cannot we hear amid the wild rushing
roar of this war storm the voice of ilim who tides
upon the winds and rules the tempest say mg unto
us, "You cannot have peace until you secure
liberty to all who are subject to your laws?" Sir,
this declaration must be h< eded. It has been wlus-
peicd into the ears of this nation since fi rat wc
pronounced life, liberty, and the pmsuit of hap-
piness to he the inalienable rights of all men, and
now it rolls in upon us like the vo'ce of the ocean,
tendering pence or war to our election. Which
shall we eleetr _Shall it be peace? How can it
be peace wiufe liberty and slavery dwell together
in our midst." 'I hesc are enemies. These are ideas
which cannot dwell together in harmony. How
can we have peace? Let slaver)* die. Let its death
be wiiUrn to our Constitution Let the Consti-
tution "proclaim liberty throughout the land to
all tho inhabitant thereof." Thh; is the way to
peace—firm, enduring peace, embracing all man-
kind, and reaching to the most distant genera-
tions. hi this way only can we secure liberty to
ourselves and our posterity.
Jiuf, sir, slavery has not contented itself with
manifesting its incompatibility with ourfreeGov-
ernment by opposing the great objects for secur-
ing which, (he people ordained and established the
Constitution, ft has r onft onted the Constitution
itself, and nrevt.ncd the enforcement of its most,
vital provisions. Section two of ai txle six of the
Constitution says:
•''Till - Coietitutio'i, and the knv-* of the Utnted State*
sWneli sji-sij i),. made in ptusnaneo theieof, and all treaties
made, 01 wlueh siiali he made, under the autiKuity of the
Cuittd yuu s, shall in the supieine lav/ ot Hie land; mid
the jud^e-- in evp>y -h;<3l be bun mi ib ; eb\, an unite;
in the constitution or laws of any Bute to tiie contrary not-
withstanding."
Of the many provisions of the Constitution de-
vised for the protection of the unity of the nation,
this one stands first in importance. Without it
the bond of union would be as weak as an invalid
between whom and the grave but a breath inter-
venes. The supremacy of the Constitution, the
laws and treaties of the United States, are neces-
sary to our existence as a nation. Ourunity can
be preserved in no other way. This was the be-
lief of those who ordained the Constitution, and
our experience accords therewith. But, sir, sla-
very planted itself in opposition to this provision
of the Constitution, and declared that it should
not be enforced. Do you ask for proof? We
need not go far to find it. Turn to the Constitu-
tion and take as a guide the words:
" The eiti/.cns of caeh State shall be. entitled to all tin*
privileges and mnuumUcsof citizen* of the several States."
To what extent has this been icgarded as the
supreme law of the land in States where slavery
contiulled legislation, presided in the courts, di-
rected the Executives,and commanded the mob?
It is a provision of most vital importance to every
citizen. Wc could not be a nation of equals with-
out it. 11 is the peerage title of our people IIow
lias it been observed ? What has been the eon-
duct of slavery toward it? Lot us turn aqemn to
the Constitution for practical aid in the solution of
those questions, in the first article of the Amend-
ments to the Constitution we find this language:
" Consres-s shall make no law respecting an establishment
of religion, 01 prohibit the free exncisethcipol; or abridg-
ing the Iteedoin of speech, or ol' the pies-,; 01 the right of
tbe people pe.ioLubly to assemble, and to petition the Gov-
ernment lot aiediess of ^uevances.*'
The great tights here emimerated were regarded
by the people as too sucied and too essential to
the pi eservation of their liberties to be trusted with
no firmer defense than the rule that "Congress
can exercise no power which is not delegated to
it. " Around this negative protection was ereeted
the positive ban lerot absolute prohibition. Fiee-
dom of ichgious opinion, freedom of speech and
press, and t ho right of assemblage for the purpose
of petition belong to every AmoHenn citizen, high
or low, neb or poor, wbeiever he may be within
the jurisdiction of the United .States. With these
rights no State may interfere wnhoutbreach of the
bond which holds the Union together. How have
these rights essential to liberty been respected in
those sections o! the Union where slavery held the
loins of local authority and directed the thoughts,
prejudices, and passions of the people ? The bitter,
et u> 1, i eh ntlcf.s puseen;ions of' the Methodists in
the .South, almost as void of pity a<4 those which
weio visiied upon the 1 fuguenots in France, tell
how ntteily slavery disregards the right to a free
exeirise <ii religion. IS'o ielision which iecognizes
God's eternal attribute of justice and breathes that
spirit of love which applies to all men the sublime
commandment, " Whatsoever ye would that men
should do unto you, do ye even so to them,"
can evei be allowed bee exeicise where slavery
ciuses men and do.lies God. No religious denom-
ination can flourish or even In; tolerated where
slavery rules without surrendering the choicest
jewels ol its fault into the keeping of that infidel
power which withholds the Hible from the poor.
Religion, " consisting m the performance of all
known duties to God and our fellow-men," never
has been and never will be allowed free exercise
in any community wheie slavery dwarfs the con-
scunces of men. The Constitution may deelate
the right, but shneiy cvet will, as it ever has,
trample upon the Constitution and prevent the
enjoyment of tho right.
How much better has free discussion fared at
the hands of the black censor who guards tho in-
terests of slavery against the expression of the
thoughts of freemen r On what rood of this Re-
public cursed by slavery have men been tree to
duclote their approval of tho divine doctrines of
the Declaiation uf Independence 5 Whf re, ex-
cept in the free States of this Union, have the
nation's toihng m;i!ions been peimitted to assert
their great piotcctive doetun..', " The laborer is
worthy of his huv ?" What member of our great
free labor force, .North or South, could stand up
in the presence of the despotism which owns men
and combatthe atrocious assertion that " Slavery
is the natural and no.'maf condition of the labor-
ing man, wliethi r wlut-3orMaek,'' \vj?h thenoble
declaration that "Labor being the sure founda-
tion of the nation's prosperity should be per-
formed by free men, for they alone have an in-
terest in the preservation of free government,"
with any assurance that his life would not be
exacted as the price of his temerity ? in all this
broad land not one could be found. The press
has been padlocked, and men's lips have been
sealed. Constitutional defense of free discussion
by speech or press has been a rope of sand south
of the line which marked the limit of dignified
free labor in this country. South of that line an
organized element of death was surely sapping^
the foundations of our free institutions, reversing
the theory of our Government, dwarfing our
civilization, contracting the national conscience,
compassing the destruction of everything calcu-
lated to preserve the icpublican charactei of out
Constitution; and no man in the immediate pres-
ence of this rapidly accumulating ruin dared to
raise a voice of warning. Submission and silence
were inexorably exacted. Such, sir, is the ftee
discussion which slavery tolerates. Such is its
observance of the high constitutional rights of tbe
citizen. Its past will be repeated m its future if
the people permit it to curse the woild with a
continued existence.
"The right of the people peaceably to assemble
and to petition the Government for a redress of
grievances," has been as completely disregarded
as the other rights I have mentioned by tho terror-
ism which guards the citadel of slavery. If slav-
ery persecuted religionists, denied the privilege of
free discussion, prevented free elections, trampled
upon all of the constitutional guarantees belonging
to the citizen, peaceable assemblages of the people
to consider these grievances with a view to peti-
tion the Government for redress could not be held.
If non-sJaveholding white#became alarmed at the
bold announcement that<4 slavery is the natmal
and norma! condition of the hd>oi mg man, whether
white or black," sef mg therein the commence-
ment of an effort intended to result in the enslave-
ment of labor instead of the mere enslavement of
the African race, they were not privileged to peace-
ably assemble and petition the Government m re-
gard thereto, or to discuss the barbarism and to
arouse the people in opposition to it. Slavery held
political and social power suificient to crush all
such attempts on the part of the injured people.
Slavery could hold its assemblages, discuss, ie-
solve, petition, threaten, disreg.ud its constitu-
tional obligations, trample upon the rights of labor,
do anything its despotic disposition mightdirect;
but freedom and freemen must be deaf, dumb, and
blind. Throughout all the dominions of slavery
republican government, constitutional liberty, the
blessings of our free institutions were mere fables.
An aristociacy enjoyed unlimited power, while
the people were pressed to the earth and denied
the inestimable privileges which by right they
should have enjoyed in all the fullness designed
by the Constitution.
Sir, I might enumerate many other constitu-
tional rights of the citizen which shivery has dis-
regarded and practically destroyed, but 1 have
enough to illustrate my proposition: that slavery
disregards the supremacy of the Constitution and
denies to the citizens of each State the privileges
and immunities of citizens m the several States.
The proposition needs no argument. We all
know that for many years before the commence-
ment of the gigantic rebellion now in piogiessthe
suppoiteis of slavery enfoiced this disregard of
thosupremaey of the Constitution and of thepriv-
i leges and immunities of the citizen by every power
and influence known to the communities cursed
by tho presenceof a slave. Legislatures, courts,
Executives, almost every person holding politi-
cal or social power and position in the southern
States, were all arrayed on the side of slavery, and
what they could not accomplish was turned over
to the niob, which, without law, with abuse, in-
dignities, cruelties, and hempen hakcis, dul its
work with feaiful accmacy and terrible exact-
ness. Twenty million free men in the free States
weie practically reduced to theconduion of serni-
cittzens of the United States; for the enjoyment
of their rights, privileges, and immunities as citi-
zens depended upon a perpetual lesidence north
of Mason and Dixon's line. South of that line
the rights which I have mentioned, and many
more which f might mention, could be enjoved
only when debased to the uses of slavery. Slave-
