3154
THE €ONGRESSI(WAL GLOBE.
June 21,
company is entitled to some consideration for
Keying done what it could do under these circum-
stances. I am informed on good authority that
not only has the company done this, but it has
purchased rolling stock and a locomotive for the
work. I know that these men have been busy
ever since the organization of the company.
The gentlefflan from Illinois, as a point in his
speech, asks why was not this company organ-
ized sooner? I have only to say to gentlemen
that the subscription books were opened at the
time designated by the la«r, and remained open
for the time directed and until the last hour fixed
by law for closing them. Then the books were
closed, the stock having been subscribed to en-
able the company to organize under the act.
Now, whose mult is it? I did not take any
stock, you did not take any stock. Somebody
had totake the stock and pay the money, or noth-
ing would have been done. I undertake to say
that no gentleman will controvert the position that
the men who took the stock, paid the money, and
organized the company, ought to be recognized
as the company, and ought to be recognized as
the proper persons to receive the bonds and carry
cm the work. If the gentlemen who were in-
serted in the original bill as corporators did not
takp ihe stock is it your fault or mine? Is it
the fault of the men who did tak(i the stock arid
organize the company ? I think not. It isa well-
known fact that men who are in other railroad
companies, and who organize them, are not the
men who want to take slock. I make the assertion
that no gentleman who has ever invested money
in a railroad company will he anxious to embark
in it again. I do not think any gentleman here
will controvert that position. If there be any
gentleman here who thinks differently, I will now
give way to him to express his dissent. If there is
such a man I would like to see thecolorofhiseyes.
Well, I hear 110 response; and the reason why
I hear no response is that there is 110 one to re-
spond. An investment of thatkind does not pay,
and men do not generally invest twice in a busi-
ness that will not pay; that has been my expe-
1 lern'e on this subject. Now, sir, ill reference to
the sixth section of these amendments, which pio-
poses to furnish bonds of the Government when
twenty miles of the road shall have been con-
structed instead of forty, if the Government is to
be cheated by it the amendment ought not to be
adopted. It is a plain proposition, and if there
is any reason for not granting it then we ought to
vote it down. But 1 submit whether in these
times, when the price of every material has ad-
vanced so much, and is advancing, the Govern-
ment loses anything by furnishing bonds for
twenty miles of the road when twenty miles have
been constructed? And if there is nothing lost
by the Government, then I see no reason why this
particular feature should be so violently opposed.
Ifthe company had constructed forty miles under
the existing law they would be entitled to forty
times $16,000 in bonds. If, under the proposed
amendment, they construct twenty miles, they
will receive twenty times§16,000. The Govern-
ment loses nothing, but the company receives ad-
ditional facilities for progressing with the work.
I see, therefore, 110 possible objection to this
amendment. If the country is going to lose any-
thing by itl hope gentlemen will show it,for then
1 should be opposed to the amendment myself;
but if not, then I ana 111 favor of it.
But the amendment to which the greatest op-
position is made, and which without some ex-
planation mightseem to be improper, isone which
proposes to allow the company to go out into the
mountains, construct tunnels, and cut through
the rocks, and receive from the Government two
thirds of the amount before the road is completed.
I would like the attention of gentlemen for a mo-
ment to that point, and I will submit a plain
statement of the case. It is well known that
away out in the mountains there is tunneling to
be done, and deep excavations of rocks to be made,
which will require two or three years to construct
a mile of the road, and I desire to know whether
it is good policy, if we expect the road to be com-
pleted within any reasonable time, to delay the
work of tunneling and excavation until the road
has been completed across the plains right up to the
mountains ? In order to meet the delay that would
inevitably occur by adopting that plan, it is pro-
posed to allow the company to go on in advance
and commence the work of tunneling and exca-
vation, and when they have brought the road to
its proper grade, to allow them to receive two
thirds the amount of bonds to which they would
be entitled if the road was completed. Remem-
ber, not two thirds of the cost incurred, but only
two thirds of the Government subsidy. Is there
anything wrong in that? Is it not furthering the
work ? Is it notenabling the company in less time
to complete this great bond of union between the
East and the West, between the Atlantic and the
Pacific ? That is all there is of it.
If we decline to accept the amendment, the com -
pany will then be required to build the road sev-
eral hundred miles across the plains, and when
they arrive at the mountains the work will be de-
layed for many years by the process of tunnel-
ing and excavation, which has to be accomplished.
I think the amendment is a wise one, that the
Government will lose nothing by paying them
this pro rata compensation in advance of the en-
tire completion of the work. That is a wise pro-
vision; any railroad man will tell you so; any
business man will tell you so, when he under-
stands what the object of the provision is.
Section seven has been referred to as containing
something objectionable. It is provided by that
section that—
So much of section seventeen of said act as provides
for a reservation by tile Government of a portion of the
bonds to be issued to aid in tile construction of the said
railroads is hereby repented. And the failure of any one
company to comply fulty with the conditions and require-
ments of this act, and the act to which tins is amendatory,
shall not work a forfeiture of the rights, puvileges, or fran-
chise of any other company or companies that shall bava
complied with the same.
If one of these companies fail and the others
go on and comply with their contract and build
their portions of the road, they are not to suffer by
reason of that failure. This is intended to pro-
tect those who comply in good faith with the
terms of the law. It is intended to protect inno-
cent parties, and that is all there is of it. It is a
just provision, and there can be no good ground
of objection to it.
I will now refer to these mortgage bonds, and
this part of the bill seems to haveparticularlyex-
cited the indignation of the gentleman from Illi-
nois. We propose to repeal that portion of the
original law which provided for the reservation
by the Government of some of these bonds to be
issued for the construction of this road. What
security has the Government under the original
law that it has not under this amendment? The
Government cannot be paid back this loan until
the road is built; and when it is built no lawyer
will take the ground that they can take the road
from the Government until these bonds are paid.
The chances of the Government for being paid
are not lessened in the least by this amendment.
This amendment was deemed necessary,and the
committee have therefore reported it.
The committee of thirteen reported this bill
unanimously. There was nota dissenting voice.
After six months'investigation they came to the
conclusion thattheseamendments were necessary
for the success of these companies and for the
good of the country in securing the early con-
struction of a Pacific railroad.
I will not detain the House longer. I have said
already that I didnotwant to kill the bill by talk-
ing about it. That will be attempted by those
wlio are ready for that business. I have gone
over the several provisions hurriedly. I have
endeavored to look at this whole matter in a fair,
common-sense way. It is a great work winch
the people and the Government need. I do not
believe there is one man in five hundred who will
invest his money and engage in building this road
as the law now stands, and we must therefore
hold out inducements for them to join in the un-
dertaking. We must grant such facilities for
going on with the construction of the road as may
be needed. That is all we have done in this bill.
It does not take an additional dollar out of the
Treasury of the United States.
But we are told that it gives some additional
lands. What of that? Ask any man who has
been on the plains what the land is worth there.
He will tell, you that the more you have the worse
you are off. Any man who has been over the
country knows that after leaving the Missouri
river seventy-five miles the land is scarcely worth
having.
It will be said, if it is such bad land what do
these companies want of it? I will answer, that
if there is any good land they want to get it to
aid them in building this road. If the land is
worth nothing the Government will lose nothing.
The Government is not selling the land now, and
never will sell it unless this road is completed.
We want this road,stretching from the granite
hills of New England to the golden sands of Cali-
fornia. When completed it will far outshine in
grandeur and usefulness the famed Appian Way.
It will be the greatest and most useful work done
by man. It is needed, and these amendments
are necessary for its success; and 1 therefore hope
that the bill will pass.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, I have been
much edified this evening by the excellently pre-
pared and delivered dissertation of the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Washbukne.] He touched
on several subjects in reference to which a useful
lesson may be learned—political economy, frugal-
ity, and especially morality! It was well done,
well conceived, and well uttered. I listened with
great pleasure to most of his abstract theories
and his disquisitions on them. He was pretty
much like an old friend of mine who talked very
much about Coke and Littleton, and could make
as good an argument on estates tail and contin-
gent remainders as any man, but he never could
try a cause, because he got up his law upon the
supposition of a certain state of facts, and then it
did not make a particle of difference whether the
facts failed or not. He would give the law
though the facts had no application to it. Ho
once made a long argument on the law in refer-
ence to a lost bond, and I reminded him that he
had forgotten the fact that it turned outthe bond
was not lost at all. He said he did not care any-
thing about that; the law was right anyhow.
[Laughter.] Just so with my friend here. A
most excellent dissertation he has made upon sav-
ing money to aid this war against these tedious
rebels. He said he had pursued the course, since
he has been here, of not voting anything at all
which was not directly for powder and ball, as I
understood him. The country is to live without
anything else, provided there is powder and ball
enough. He does not care anything about what
becomes of agriculture, or commerce, or naviga-
tion, or the intercourse of the country; ail these
must take care of themselves until after the reb-
els are put down; then if anybody survives they
will be taken care of.
Now, sir, all this denunciation of expenditures
has not a fact to ground itself upon in the bill
which we have here presented; for ifthe bill passes,
as the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Price] has said
much better than I could say it, the Government
is not one dollar poorer, at any rate until after
this war is ended, than it is now, for there is not
a dollar called for within any time which we can
conceive this war to last. There is nota single
thing asked for which is not in the original bill
except some little land; and as to that land, I ask
the gentleman whatheis going to do with it, how
he is going to feed the soldiers on it? It is all
given away now in homesteads to anybody who
chooses to take it, and every mile of railroad you
make gives each odd section, for an emigrant to
plant his home upon, worth twenty of those sec-
tions without any railroad. Where, then, isany-
thing taken from the national Treasury—anything
for which the House are to be rebuked for having
robbed this nation ? Where is there any ground
forthegentleman'sindignation which has towered
so high here ? His speech he must have prepared
before we prepared the bill, thinking we were
going to steal something; and if we did not, why
the law would be right anyhow. [Laughter.]
Now, let me go over this bill with my friend as
he did, just as if we were going over the Shorter
Catechism together, and see how it applies to his
speech. What does this bill propose? It does
"propose concessions of great value to the railroad
company. It proposes to make a work much
greater than if it were attempted through or over
the Alps. It proposes great concessions for the
road to work under, for under the old bill they
could not work at all. I admit that the commit-
tee did know, and believe, and intend by this bill
that the Government should aid this company
somewhat more than by the old bill, or it would
be idle for us to pass it. The original bill was
passed here after a great struggle, and it was a
