1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
&156
piece of patchwork. I remember the struggle
well. The bill, as passed, had many imperfec-
tions, and the company could not work under it.
They could not take the right of way over any-
body's land under it, and the company properly
declined to proceed far, even if they had money
enough, until they knew whether they were to
have such a bill as they could make the road
under, and under which capitalists would invest
their money.
Hence it was after the two millions of subscrip-
tion were taken up by ii mercenary" men, by
enough men who grasped at the opportunity of
putting their ten and twenty thousand dollars into
this " mine of gold,"which the gentleman thinks
is such a great boon to them, hence it was that
these men who, I think, from patriotic motives,
formed this organization, and put their money
into it at great peril, found it absolutely neces-
sary to delay dqing much work until they should
get some extension to the working features of the
bill. Hence it is that to-day, so far from having
the road located through the whole route, they
have only had surveys made through passes of
the mountains. One of those surveys was made
by a member of the company, who took $£0,000
of the stock. I will not mention his name, for
fear of exciting the ire of the gentleman from
Illinois.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. One of the
gentleman's directors, Brigham Young, I sup-
pose.
Mr. STEVEN'S. That maybe; but I venture
to say that he never stole any man's money. I
know that he isamost remarkable man,although
I do not agree with him in his religious opinions.
He is certainly a man of great physical power.
[Laughter.] Certain it*is that upon the Califor-
nia side of the line they have gone into the work
with excellent zeal. They have not only com-
pleted ten and twenty miles, but to-day there are
fifty-two miles of the road made and in running
order.
Mr. COLE, of California. Eighty miles.
Mr. STEVENS. • Well, a part of it runs up
to San Jos£, round the bay of San Francisco; but
wo may say that the company have completed
eighty miles. The company have raised already
upon that side of the mountains over fifteen mil-
lion dollars. They have that money to expend,
and they are expending it. They are building a
road over the Sierra Nevada into the silver min-
ing region, at a cost of over a hundred and fifty
thousand dollars a mile. It was obvious to the
committee that upon this side of the Rocky
mountains it would cost even more than that. X
have no doubt that there are sections of country
there where it will costfrom three to five hundred
thousand dollars a mile. It would be impossible,
therefore, for the company, under the old conces-
sion, to make this road, and we felt that if it was to
be made, something more ought to be done by the
United States. The committee thought that noth-
ing which we could carry through the House
would be too much to aid in building this great
thoroughfare between the eastern and western
population of the country; to unite us with Cali-
fornia, whose people, whatever they may have
been at the start, are admitted now to be among
the purest both in politics and morals of any in
the United States. We thought it necessary,
therefore, to do something to unite us with that
people. Whatcould wedo ? The company asked
that we should double the number of bonds, and
the Senate actually passed a bill guarantying the
payment of interest for twenty years, in coin, on
double the amount of bonds which the United
States originally granted.
Your committee came at once to the determin-
ation not to burden the nation at this time with
any further liabilities or obligation. They said
to the company, "Take what land you choose;
it is worth nothing to the Government; it is not
held out for sale; it is worth nothing except as it
becomes populated, and aa you populate it you
do us a benefit; do not ask us for more bonds;
we will takeoff some of the restrictions and make
the conditions lighter, so as to enable you to go
on with the work." What, then, did we do?
Wo agreed to takeoff the first restriction, the one
fourth, which we had put into the last bill, until
the whole road was finished. We thought that
unreasonable. We agreed to release that one
fourth 'of the concession for every mile until a
section of forty miles was fully finished. That
provision seemed to us to be unreasonable, and
we have in this bill submitted to the House the
question whether we are right or not. Thatisone
of the flagrant enormities in which the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Washburne] has detected us!
We agreed, also, to double the amount of lands.
What lands ? Why, the sections on each side of
the road ! The gentleman lives in the West, and
knows all about this matter. He knows that
after we get beyond the one hundredth degree of
longitudethe land is hardly worth holding. From
there, for some five hundred miles to the Rocky
mountains, the concession of land, except upon
•some small streams, is merely of nominal value.
In the Rocky mountains it is solid land, and yet
it is not very valuable. When you get to the other
side of the Rocky mountains, to whatis called the
plains, you find a barren valley that bears nothing
but sage of the bitterest kind, and that never can
be made fertile for any use whatever. Then you
come upon the Sierra Nevada, and when you pass
over that range of mountains you find 110 land
worth anything until you get into California, and
there the lands have ail been taken up long ago.
It is also charged, Mr. Speaker, that we allow
this company to issue its own bonds and give a
first mortgage. That is true; but that does not
take a dollar from the Government now. It does
not weaken the Administration in carrying on this
war and defraying its expenses. The only doubt
is whether this road will bear the two mortgages.
It is very clear that unless the second mortgage
is to be got in this way the road will never be
finished and will never earn a dollar. I doubt not
that when this road is finished and the vast travel
between the two oceans sets in over it, when the
business not only of this country but the com-
merce of the far Eastshall be brought across this
continent to the population on this side of the
Rocky mountains and on its way to Europe,as it
will be the only short thoroughfare, the road will
be so productive as not only to pay all its liabil-
ities but to make its stock very valuable.
Suppose the road does cost $200,000,000. The
amount of the interest will be &12,000,000a year.
The Central road of Pennsylvania receives more
than half that in tolls. Last year and the year he-
fore the railroad between Pittsburg and Phila-
delphia received $7,000,000. The Erie canal of
New York I believe receives some §6,000,000 of
tolls annually, and I believe the New York Cen-
tral railroad receives more.
A Member. Ten million dollars a year.
Mr. STEVENS. Ten million dollars I am
told. If these lines, on such shortdistances, have
such receipts, I imagine we can hardly figure up
the amount that will be received on this great
work.
Mr. HIGBY. The freight now from San Fran-
cisco to the valley amounts to over five million
dollars a year.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman from Cali-
fornia states that the wagon freight now from San
Francisco to the valley is over five million dol-
lars a year. I do not mean to argue this. Every-
body who looks over this vast continent and on
the world at large must perceive that this work,
when once completed, will not only be the most
magnificent on earth but the most productive.'
Then, sir, I say that both these mortgages will
be fairly paid, in time; and although the bondsof
the Government may be postponed to the others,
the Government will receive vast advantages from
the very fact that the road is finished and pours
the wealth of California into its coffers, besides
keeping together the Union as it now is. That
was the view that actuated the committee. It
was not the motive that our friend, the detective,
[laughter,] suspected. He has found out motives
which never actuated that committee; which, so
far as I know, no one ever dreamed of. But the
committee did aspire to look at the question in a
statesmanlike point of view.
The gentleman from Illinois says he has dis-
covered 14 a cat in the meal tub"—[laughter]—
I do not know that he used that language exactly,
but I am only paraphrasing it—when he found
that this bill repealed the proviso of the fourth ar-
ticle of the charter with reference to the appoint-
ment of commissioners on the California side.
That provides that when any section is finished
that fact shall be certified under oath by the pres-
ident of the company; and the President of the
United States shall appoint a commission of three,
who shall examine and report uppn it, ttnd who
shall certify to him, and then he shall issue bonds
for the amount, and so on in succession as fast as
sections are finished. Now, the one commission
is to be appointed to go through the same opera-
tion. It is obvious that on the California side it
would take a long time to communicate with tfte
President of the United States and to have "all
these certificates sent and filed. It would take al-
most long enough to let so much interest accrue
as would help to paysome of the debt which my
friend from Illinois is so much afraid of. We
provide in this bill that instead of these numerous
commissions for each section, tKfe President of
the United States shall appoint a set of commis-
sioners so that they shall be ready to examine
and give the certificates the same as before; and
that in California, instead of waiting till all the
papers are filed in the Department of the Interior
here, they may be filed in the public land office of
the nation in California; and then the commis-
sioners may go on and make their examination.
Is there anything in that that looks like murder,
orarson,orrobbery? [Laughter.] The gentle-
man from Illinois intended no slight censure when
he accused the committee of such a monstrous
scheme of robbery as that.
Now, the gentleman from Iowa has very prop-
erly called the special attention of the House right
here to that part of the bill which allows a por-
tion of the bonds to be furnished to the company
before they get the rails laid do wn—alio wing thena
for two thirds the value of the work. As my
friend from Iowa says, there is no man who has
been a railroad man, who has been an original
stockholder in a railroad, who will care again to
invest his monoy in that way, and especially who
would care to undertake the construction of a road
through these vast mountains, without compensa-
tion until the entire work has been completed.
He has properly said that it will delay the com-
pletion of the work for years, unless they are
allowed to commence the tunneling and excava-
tion of these rocks before the entire work has been
constructed up to the mountains, and the com-
mittee did not think there was anything unjust
or improper in allowing the company to go for-
ward with these tunnels while they were grading
the road and laying the track from the Missouri
river in that direction! It is well known that in
order to cross these mountains there must be ex-
cavations of hundreds of feet of solid rock, and I
see no objection, when that work has been done,
ready to lay the rails, and the rails themsclve's
have not been laid because it was impossible to
transport them there,in allowing the company to
receive two thirds the amount to which they are
entitled in the construction of that part of the
road, thus enabling the company to go on mure
rapidly, and bring the entire work more speedily
to its completion.
Mr. Speaker, I do not know that I ought to de-
tain the House any longer. I have touched upon
the main points covered by the bill, if this road
is to be built there must be some advantage given.
The committee have not had an opportunity to
report the Senate bill, and I do not think, as I
understand the feeling of the committee, they
would have reported it. The Senate bill pledged
the Government to guaranty the interest in coin
upon bonds to twice the amount to which the com-
pany is entitled underexisting law. Our commit-
tee have avoided that throughout.
Now, sir, these gentlemen have subscribed the
$2,000,000 lequired by the law. They have paid
$200,000, and, as the report before us shows, have
expended $800,000. They cannot, under the pres-
entarrangement,goon with the work. They have
not putany of it m running order, although many
miles of an auxiliary road have been completed,
and the question is now whether they shah l*e al-
lowed to go on or stop. I think,under the:,<- ?n-
cumstances, we have done about as little an we
could do if anything at all was to be done toenable
them to make this road. I have no hesitancy in
saying that the whole question whether the work
is to stop altogether depends upon the action of
the House upon this bill. It does not provide
what the company want, it is not the kind of a
bill they asked from the committee,or which has
been sent to us from the Senate. I repeat- that
the committee were not willing (0 go to the ex-
tent of the Senate bill. They were not willing to
