■1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
like to have the attention of the Senator from )
Pennsylvania to it, to see if he can better it. If j
it can be made clearer, X should- be glad to havo^ 1
it done.
He t«hn1l he exempt from draft until «-ach time as lie «slmH ,
a ain become liable to draft by* reason of the exhaustion of j
the class from which the drali shall be made, but such ex-
emption shall n t cxeeed the time 101 whicli such purson
shall have b'een drafted.
I think that is complete.
Mr. COWAN. Mr, President, I think much
of this difficulty arises out of a misconception of
the word draft." The present law has been a
good deal consideied in my State by the legal
profession, and that'section which allowed a man
to be exempted for the time for which he was
drafted by furnishing a substitute, even though
the substitute himself was liable to draft, was al-
ways thought to be unjust. But the fair construc-
tion of the commutation clause, as it is called,
was that it exempted the person paying it from
any draft made to fill that call. The President,
in the first place, calls for five hundred thousand
men. The wheel is brought out and five hundred
thousand men are drawn, or a certain number of
' men take their chance to be drawn, under that
call. Those who are drawn and who do not go
into the service pay their $300. That exempts
them from being drawn for that call. If itshould
become necessary the next year to raise five hun-
dred thousand other men, they would still be lia-
ble to be drawn again, according to a fair con-
struction of the law; and I may say this is based
upon the construction given to the old law. Un-
der the act of 1795, the act of 1833, and under our
net of 1861, the person drawn, in order to escape
actual service, if he desired it, was court-mar-
tialed and paid a fine. It was not that the Gov-
ernment offered to the drafted man to commute
Ins service for money, but he was punished by a
line for refusing to appear, when drawn, at the
place of rendezvous. By the payment of that fine
he was exempted from any further drawing under
that call. Ir was perfectly impossible, indeed,
that he could be drawn, or that he could incur
any risk of being drawn, under that call, because
the call was filled before the court-martial imposed
a fine upon him.
It was a little unfortunate, perhaps, when we
imposed this $300, which is really a fine, and
which ought to be considered in the nature of a
line for not appealing when drawn at the rendez-
vous, that it was also stated that itshould be used
to procure a substitute. I think that was'unfor-
tunate, because it introduced another and a dif-
ferent idea from that which pervaded the old law.
It introduced the idea that you might commute
your service for money. The old law repudiated
that idea and called it a fine, penalty, punish-
ment—punishment for not doing a duty which
you arc obliged to do, and which you and all men
owe to the country. I think the idea of a fine or
penalty should still be pieserved, and therefore I
nni'in favor of the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio, if the word " draft" m that amendmentslml!
be changed into the word "call," or if it be un-
derstood as it used to be that " draft"and "call"
are synonymous; because i n those times they con-
tinued to draft until they filled up the call, and
the terms were one and identical. I have no ob-
jection to the phraseology as it stands, but if a
draft is to be made filling one fifth or one tenth of
the call, and then there 'is to be asuspension and
a demand for new legislation, and the thing is to
tarry and be delayed over five or six months per-
haps, then this word " draft" becomes of very
uncertain meaning. Jt may mean every time the
officer brings ouUhe box in order to draw a few
names, or it may mean the call, just as people are
disposed to put that construction upon it. I think
if the word " call" \v ere introduced instead of the
woid " draft," it would irhe\c it from ail difficul-
ties; and I think the Senator from Ohio has per-
haps produced an amendment which will be more
satisfactory than any other.
Mr. COLLAMER. T do not wish to repeat
what I have heretofore said; but I desire to say
a very few words in reply to what has been said
by the Senator from Indiana [Mr Lane] and
the Senator from Ohio in relation to the manner
of exhausting the clement of draft. Their appre-
hension seems to be this: that if you diaft men
and then allow them to employ as substitutes
other men who are on the roll subject to being
drafted you will soon exhaust your roll, exhaust
the element of draft.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. My argument was
that if a man could buy himself off for $300 and
obtain a certificate of exemption for three years,
and the draft was often repeated, you would soon
exhaust those liable to military service.
Mr. COLLAMER. Mr. President, weal ways
go upon the ground that this commutation money
can obtain a substitute, if it is not large enough,
to do that, we should increase it so that it will do
so. I agree with gentlemen in that particular.
But when we have once taken that in u$ one of
the elements of our argument, that the money is
paid to procure a substitute and should be enough
to do it, and we have said that $300 properly man-
aged would do it, then we take it that that is suf-
ficient, that that will supply a man, and therefore
amounts to the same thing as furnishing a sub-
stitute. *
Now, with the operation of that clause, the
element of draft can never be exhausted. In the
older States of the Union, and in the older States
of Europe, the niimber of men subject to  and
capable of performing military duty is just about
one fifth of the population. Instead of being
twenty per cent, in some of our States, as appears
by the enrollment, and as appears by the returns
of the census, it is twenty-two and twenty-three
per cent. But take it upon the average that the
emollment, if properly made, would includeone
fifth of the population. What is our population?
I take it it is considerably more than twenty mil-
lions. Then we should have four millions on the
enrollment. Now, take the worst case "that can
possibly happen, that one half of those men on
the enrollment hire the other half for substitutes,
and you would have two million men m the field.
I merely state this as a matter of figures, as a mat-
ter of certainty, to show that the elements of the
draft could not, by any possibility, ever be ex-
hausted by allowing one man to hire another as
a substitute.
Then there is another thing to be considered.
The number of men whom we obtain year by
year by immigration and by coming of age, say
twenty yeais of age, with which to lenew the roll,
is more than sufficient to cover the number ex-
hausted in this war. They more than keep the
supply good. We have not diminished in popu-
lation at all,in the pi ogress of this war. We have
increased notwithstanding all our losses. My
opinion is, notwithstanding all the losses on both
sidesduring this war, a census taken to-day would
show a larger population in the United Statesand
in the seceded States taken together than there*
was in 1800, befote this war commenced. I say,
therefore, that any alarm at the idea that the hiring
of substitutes from the same enrollment will ever
exhaust the elements of yout draft cannot be well
founded or wtll entertain* d, and I think itshould
be dismissed at once.
Mr. £1A RIMS. Air. President, if I could agree
with the Senator from Ohio in his premises, I
should also agiee with him m his conclusions;
but I do not understand that there is any danger,
of exhausting the basis of our draft. The Sena-
tor, I. apprehend, underrates that basis. It ap-
pears fiom the lepottnf the Provost Marshal
i General that the enrollment amounts to over three
| million one bundled thousand persons. Thedraft
i that has already taken place on a call for three
, hundred thousand men is once and a half that
j number j and of course it may ho supposed to have
exhausted of the basis lour bundled and fifty
thousand men. Now, sn, that may he repeated
six times more upon this veiy enrollment before
it is exhausted. Seveihsueh drafts may he made
upon this basis before it is exhausted, lam un-
willing to contemplate 
MrfLANE, of Indiana. I hope the Senator
'] will poidon me for one moment. I have the fig-
' | ures here. There wore in round numbei s enrolled
J a liuleover time millions. The last draft was
|j for three hundred thousand men. Of that num-
'l her one third were rejected as physically incom-
| pctunt. Thatjs not stricken out of the Senator's
j calculation. Another third, or almost another
.j third, bought themselves off by exemption. That
j is not stricken out of the Senator's calculation.
1! Now,howoften will you repeat that diaft before
!• you exhaust the basis?
'! Mr. HARRIS. I am still correct in what 1 have
j stated, that we may have six more such drafts as
that which has taken place before the enrollment
is exhausted. It is true that out of the four hun-
dred, and fifty thousand men drafted one third
were exempted for physical and mental disability, ,
and nearly one third more as being aliens and ndn- .*
residents, and already in the service, and excused
on account of their social and domestic condition;
so that really but about perhaps one hundred and
fifty thousand of the four hundred and fifty thou*
sand would be held; and of this numbe.r'it is fur-
ther true that about twenty per cent.-did not ap-
pear, so that we did not get by the draft anything
like'the three hundred thousand men who were
called for. That is true; but it is still true that
the call for three hundred thousand men may be
repeated six times before this basis is exhausted.
As I was about to say, I cannot contemplate,'!
will not contemplate, such a condition of things
in our country as that we shall have occasion to
repeat six times a draft for'three hundred thou-
sand men. All we have to do, in my judgment, is
to carry on vigorously the efforts now being made
to fill up oi)r Army by recruiting and by draft-
ing, prepare for a vigorous afid energetic campaign
in the spring, and we shall never have occasion
for another draft. I think the Senate this morn-
ing has secured the country all the soldiers that
will be needed for'the spring campaign without
any draft at all. The recruiting that is now going
forward will be amply sufficient-to replenish our
Aimy in such a wayasthat thedraft will not need
to bo enforced, except, perhaps, in a very few
localities.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator will permit
me, I will state to him that the letter of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, which was read at the
table this morning, was written after conference
with the Secretary of War, and showed that they
only relied upon obtaining fifty thousand veterans
and fifty thousand new recruits under the system
of bounties spoken of by the Senator. They only
qplied on raising one hundred thousand in that
way. I think that calculation is too small; but I
merely mention it to the Senator as the opinion of
the two officers of the Government having the
matter in charge.
Mr. HARRIS. I do not know what the esti-
mate of the Secretary of War may be, nor do I
know what view the Secretary of the Treasury
may take on the subject. This I know: there was
a call made on the 17th of October Jast for three
hundred thousand men; I know that the quota
under that call has been assigned to the different
States and localities; and I know that under that
call volunteers are coming forward in such num-
bers m many parts of my own State, whose quota
is considerably more than one fifth of the entire
call—some sixty-eight thousand—that in all prob-
ability in a very few weeks the whole quota of
that State will be raised. I undeistaud from the
Senator from Vermont that the quota of his State
is raised. I understand it is raised in other
States, and more too; and there is every reason
to believe that before the 1st of March, which is
the time limited by the resolution passed by the
Senate this morning, this entire amount of three
hundred thousand will be raised. Sir, is not that
all we need? Is not that all the War Department
asks for to replenish our Army? Whore, then,
will bo the necessity of a draft, except it be, as I
have said before, in some few localities where the
recruiting has not been pushed forward with vigor
and energy? .
I am in favor, at least for the present, of allow-
ing those who are drafted to pay a commutation.
This bill as it came to us from the Committee on
, Military Affairs was so oppressive that I agree
j with the Senator from Ohio it could not be en-
1 foieed, and in my judgment ought not to be en-
I foiced. It is a bdl which will operate with such
' severity upon oar community as that it ought not
I to be enforced againstthem. Sir, we are not yet
reduced to the extremity of forcing men o way
from their families under all circumstances and
in all emergencies for the purpose of saving our
country, if we could not obtain recruits, I should
I be willing to send the last man, no matter how
j great the saciifices it might cost him, to the Army;
j but we have not reached that point yet. We
i should allow our citizens when they are drafted
| to furnish substitutes; we should allow them to
j commute; and we should make this severe law as
1 little oppiessive as possible. I am, therefore, in
i fa* or of allowing a commutation.
