1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
2179
law to issue currency, because it professes only to
deal with such issues as may hereafter be sent
forth by these banks and not with any notes which
are already outstanding. If that be so, the result
would be that these banks would have two kinds
of issues. The circulation which they have now
outstanding they wilt have aright to keep outstand-
ing, and they will not only have a right to keep it
outstanding where it is notbroughtin for redemp-
tion, butas often as it may be brought in for redemp-
tion they will have a right to reissue it, and the
obligation which this proposition imposes upon
the banks of redeeming their circulation in gold
and silver will not apply to that circulation, but
will apply; to such as they may issue after the pas-
sage of this act, the result of which would be that
the banks might have §100,000 of paper that they
would be obliged to redeem in gold and silver, and
one, two, three, or fourhundred thousand dollars,
as might be the extent of the present issue, which
they would not be obliged to redeem in gold and
silver.
But there is another difficulty, which, perhaps,
is one more of expediency than of power. By
your tender law you have made it the duty of
these banks to receive in payment of debts "due
them your notes; they have no choice. Every
debt that is d\ie to the banks already by contracts
now made, and every debt which the banks may
hereafter have by contract^ hereafter to be made,
may all be discharged as against the banks by
the debtors of the banks in this paper money.
If you compcl them to take paper money in dis-
charge of their debts, how are they to redeem in
gold and silver? If I am answered by saying
they must keep in bank the exact amount of the
circulation which you compel them to pay in
specie, how long will it stay there ? A bank has
$200,000 to-day in com, and it has $200,000 in
circulation which it is obliged to redeem in coin.
How is it to redeem that circulation if they are
permitted to keep itoutafterwards, after the coin
which they are to use in meeting the $200,000 is
exhausted? Then they have no coin with which
to meet the circulation. Therefore the whole ef-
fect of the amendment, if I understand it, is that
after the first issue to which this provision will
apply has been made, if the amount of coin in
the bank is not more than sufficient to meet that
first issue, they will not thereafter be able to
make any second issue.
But there is another thing which I submit to my
friend from Wisconsin. Admitting that you have
a right to exact of them a redemption in gold and
silver coin on demand ofissups which they may
make under the authority of this amendment; sup-
pose they do not do it; what is to be done?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. In answer to both this and
the other question I will say, that provision only
applies to new issues hereafter to be made, and in
the existing state of the country I do not expect
under this provision any such issues would be
made at all.
Mr. JOHNSON". Then there is no necessity
for ihe provision.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. There is a necessity for
this provision or some provision to prevent the
State banks no-w existing from issuing beyond
what they have already issued.
Mr. JOHNSON. That! understand, but that
does not get rid of the difficulty.
Mi. DOOLITTLE. If they are compelled to
redeem what they hereafter issue in gold and sil-
ver ?
Mr. JOHNSON. But suppose they do not,
what are you to do with them ? Whatl mean to
say is this: there must be some mark by which
you can identify the new issue from theoldissue.
Otherwise how can a man who holds the note
of a bank tell whether lie is entitled to receive
payment of it in gold and silver or not? By the
dale?
Mi. DOOLITTLE. I do not like to interrupt
the Senator; but he is putting questions to me as
if ho was asking a reply at the moment.
Mr. JOHNSON". I do not object to it at all.
But I was about to ask, supposing now the power
exists—I do not propose to gay anything more
on that subject—and supposing one ot these banks
to issue more than the amount of its present cir-
culation, or if the bank draws in a portion of its
present circulation it thinks proper to issue another
circulation, and that other circulation you require
to be redeemed in gold and silver coin on demand,
! and the banks refuse so to redeem it, what are
| you to do?
I Mr. DOOLITTLE. I suppose the%nly diffi-
j culty would be in the evidence of the holder in
! proving what notes had been issued after the
passage of this act calling upon them to redeem
on demand in gold and silver. If they did not so
redeem, he could sue them and recover a judg-
ment and compel them to pay it. If there is any
difficulty about the identification of the particular
bills that are issued after this act takes effect, pro-
visions could easily be made that would cover
that so as to secure to the party the proper evi-'
dence.
Mr. JOHNSON. I think it would be attended
with very great perplexity in every way.
So much for the first section of the amendment.
The second section provides:
That from and after the passage of this act eveiy person,
banker, banking association, or banking corporation shall
rcduce tin; amount of its notes, bills, or certificates In cir-
culation as money to the amount of its cash capital act-
ually paid, in and per cent, added thereto.
Then the amendment specifies the installments
by which that reduction is to be brought about
It seems to me, and I suggest it to the considera-
tion of my friend from Wisconsin, that that is a
clear violation of the rights of the States, which
I assume to exist, to have banking corporations
and to say how much a bank shall issue upon its
capital. In the first place, how, much capital a
bank shall have and how much it shall be per-
mitted to issue upon that capital must be a State
regulation, providing it has jurisdiction over the
subject at all. If that be so, the right is clearly
interfered with if you say by congressional legis-
lation that they shall not issue more than a cer-
tain amount, or that if they have already issued un-
der the laws which authorized them to issue more
than the amount you think proper or expedient,
they shall reduce the excess to what you suppose
to be the legitimate amount. I suppose it to be very
plain that whether a bank violates its charter or
not is a matter as between the State granting the
charter and the corporation itself, and therefore,
assuming, I repeat again, that there is authority
in the States to grant the charter, that must be a
question over which the United States have no
control.
My friend from Wisconsin said the other day
that he thought it was very clear under the Con-
stitution of the United States that over the sub-
ject of curiency the Government of the United
Status lias exclusive jurisdiction, although he
admitted then and admits now that the right of
the States to establish banking corporations was
too long settled to be successfully contested.
But assuming, as he says he did, that Congress
has power over the subject "of money, likening
the currency to money, because Congress has
the authority to coin money and to regulate the
value theieof, he says it must have the authonty
to interfere by regulation with State issues of
money or quasi money, but yet he seems to admit
that that of itself would not give to Congress au-
thority to terminate any of the banking charters
of the States; but he maintains that it might
be done under what has been termed the bank-
rupt law. My honorable friend is not to be told,
nor is the Senate to be told, that in relation to the
authority of the Government to interfere under
that clause with State corporations very seiious
doubts have been entertained. It was proposed
at one time in Congress, and whether a doubt
as to the authouty of Congress over the subject
led to the defeat of the contemplated legislation
or not I am not sure, but it was defeated. 1
confess that for one I have always supposed
that under the authority to establish a uniform
system of bankruptcy corporations might be in-
cluded. The doubt originally entertained when
the first bankrupt act was passed andenteitained
when the second bankrupt act was passed, was
whether the clause was applicable to any other
class of traders, so to speak, than those who were
merchants, whether it could be extended at all
for the benefit of those who might desire to be-
come bankrupt. It was supposed to be an in-
voluntary right as far as the bankrupt was con-
cerned; but that doubt, I think, has been long
since set at rest.
But one thing is certain, that whether Congress
under the authority to establish a uniform rulo on
the subject of bankruptcy may include corpora-
tions and declare them to be bankrupt, itmustcto
so by passing such a bankrupt act. You canpoi
make these corporations and nobody else bank-
rupts. Over the subjectitself of,a failure ttfnotget
engagements, Congress must legislate by some
uniform rule. It would be unjust legislation, and
therefore, as I think, not within the meaning of the
Slause, that Congress should interfere with*these
corporations and have them brought into'bank*
ruptcy if they fail to pay their obligations irvgoftd
and silver, and leave everybody else at liberty to
discharge his obligations in paper money, Butit
would be especially hard to apply that clause of
bankruptcy to these institutions when you have
yourselves made it their duty to receive in pay-
ment of debts due to them this paper currency.
I admit, with the honorable mover of this
amendment, and on that sutyect there is no differ-
ence of opinion I suppose among the members
of the Senate, that it is very desirable that the cur-
rency if it be inflated should be reduced. We all
concur in that. The only question is, how is it
to be reduced? My friend from Wisconsin, if I
understood him this morning, assumed as true
that these $300,000,000 were to be added to the
amount which he supposes now to be outstand-
ingas currency, which I think he said was $700,*
000,000 or $800,000,000 more, making $1,000,-
000,000. I do not understand that to be the ob-
ject or the effect of the bill. The $300,000,000
which may be issued under this bill if it becomes
a law is sooner or later, or as soon as possible, to
take the place of $300,000,000 now outstanding.
The Secretary of the Treasury cannot contem-
plate keeping out all his issues, and having sent
forth in addition to thai amount$300,000,000more.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will ask my honorable
friend, is there any such provision in the bill re-
quiring him only to issue this national currency
as the present paper circulation shall be with-
drawn ?
Mr. JOHNSON. No; I do not know that
there is.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Then my argument is
correct.
Mr. JOHNSON. The Secretary's letter as-
sumes an opinion, which we hold in common
with him, that the currency is to be reduced. He
proposes to accomplish it in part by means of
these banks.
Mr. COLLAMER. He proposes to reduce it
by curtailing the State banks, not these at all.
Mr. JOHNSON. He does not propose to cur-
tail these banks. He proposes to let them issue
$300,000 000. What I meant to say was thisj
the Secretary of the Treasury, when he is com-
plaining of the surplus of issue, and is attribu-
ting the financial difficulties of the country to that
surplus, certainly cannot mean that he will have
anything to do in keeping the surplus out.
Mr. COLLAMER. He put it out.
Mr. JOHNSON. But he must mean to take it
in. If he does not succeed in limiting the amount
of the State issues I do not see how h« is to do it.
if he does not succeed in limiting the amount of
the State issues then there is only one other way
in which he can succeed in limiting the circula-
tion, and that will be by withdrawing from cir-
culation a poition of that which he has himself
issued. I am reminded by the honorable member
fiom Ohio [«Mrf Sherman] that he has not issued
by two or three hundred million dollars what he
was authorized to issue. He has not issued it
because ho is unwilling to jnfiate the currency. I
do not know—I speak in comparative ignorance;
the members of the Finance Committee, and es-
pecially my friend from Ohio, who is perhaps
more particularly informed on this subject, can
tell nie—what the amountof outstanding circula-
tion was when our troubles began. There were
some two hundred and twenty million dollars, I
believe, of bank circulation, and there waa sup-
posed to be about two hundred and fifty million
dollars of coin circulation, making four or five
hundred million dollars. The latter was more or
less a matter of conjecture. You can never tell
the amount of gold and silver actually in a com-
munity.
Mr. COLLAMER. Your statementof the cir-
culation includes all the southern States.
^ Mr. JOHNSON. It includes all the southern
States, as a matter of course. We have lostthat^
and 1 dare say they have tost it too. It has goae
from us.
