8156
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 22,
burden the Government at present by guaranty-
ing payment of the interest in coin as was pro-
posed by the Seriate, but they are willing to grant
facilities as far as possible without placing the in-
terests of the Government in jeopardy, such as
will enable them to proceed with the work.
Tjtie gentleman from Illinois complains of the
men who compose this company, and mentions
the name of some gentleman with whom he seems
to be acquainted better than I am. There arc
some gentlemen whose names appear of whom I
have heard. 1 have heard of General Dix, who
takes a strong interest in this road. I learn that
his reputation ia probably as good as that of most
of the persons the gentleman from Illinois would
have belong to the company. I learn from some
gentlemen that he is a man of talent and is prob-
ably president of the company. I believe the
company is composed of pure men. I will not
say about the committee in that respect. I con-
fess I have some little apprehension about my
friend from Iowa [Mr. Price] because he makes
so loud professions, [laughter,] but I believe this
road is managed by pure men.
The gentleman from Illinois has forgotten one
thing. He says the directors are in for three years.
The gentleman will do the committee the credit,
I am sure, of saying they have attempted to avoid
that. The section to which the amendment of
the gentleman from Indiana is an amendment
provides that in the middle of Octobcr next a new
election shall be held, and that thenceforward
they shall be elected annually; that there shall be
fifteen directors instead of thirty, and that ten in-
stead of two of them shall be appointed by the
Government. I, think, therefore, we have done
all we could to guard the interests of the Govern-
ment in that respect. We have directed that the
books shall be kept open for subscriptions up to
the day of election, so that every man who wishes
to participate in the management of the corpoia-
"tion may take part until the entire subscription of
$100,000,000 has been made.
1 call for the previous question on the pending
amendments, which must be disposed of before
any oilier amendments can be submitted to the
bill. 1 do not propose to call for the previous
question on the bill, but to leave it open for amend-
ment.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. I give notice
that at the proper time I will move that the fur-
ther consideration of the bill be postponed till the
next session of Congress.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The question first recurred on the following
amendment, offered by the gentleman from Indi-
ana, [Mr. Holman:]
Add:
And said ronds shall bo public highways, and sliftll trans-
port the property and troops of the United States, when
transportation thereof shall be required, free of toll or other
charge.
Mr. HOLMAN. It is now ten o'clock, and I
hope that no vote will be taken on this amend-
ment until we have a fuller House.
Mr. STEVENS. The House is full enough,
and as we understand the amendment we may
as well dispose of it now as at any other time.
Mr. HOLMAN moved that the House adjourn.
The House divided; and there were—ayes 33,
noes 73.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania, demanded
tellers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered; and the yeas and nays
were not ordered.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The House divided on Mr. Holman's amend-
ment; and there were—ayes 25, noes 75.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded the yeas and nays,
and trlleis on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; andMessis. Middleton
and Tiiayer wore appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
nyes 25, noes 70.
Sd (mure than one fifth of those present hav-
ing voted m the affirmative) the yeas and nays
were ordered.
Mr. HOLMAN moved that the House adjourn.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania, demanded
the yeas and ;:ays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion to adjourn was disagreed to.
The question was taken on the amendment;
and it was decitfed in the negative—yeas 39, nays
82, not voting 61; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Allen, William J. Allen, An-
cona, Augustus C. Baldwin, John D. Baldwin, Baxter,
Cobb, Coffroth, Ciavens, Dawson, Denison, Eden, Edgcr-
ton, Eldridgp, Farnsworth, Finck, Hale, Harding, ilerrick,
Holnmn, Philip Johnson, William Johnson, Knapp, Maicy,
Middleton, James K. Morns, Nelson, Noiton, Orth, Tike,
Samuel J. Randall, Stiles, Thayer, Thomas, Tracy, Elihu
B. Washburne, Wheeler, Chilton A. White, and Wil-
liams—39.
NAYS—Messis. Alley, Allison, Ames, Arnold, Ashley,
Beaman, Blair, Blow, Boutwell, Boyd, Brooks, Broomall,
Ambrose W. Clark, Cole, Thomas T. Davis, Dawes, Dixon,
Donnelly, Driggs, Eckley, Eliot, English, Fenton, Frank,
Ganson, Garfield, Gooch, Crider, Gnswold, Benjamin G.
Harris, Highy, Hooper, IJotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbaid/
John II. Hubbard, Ingersoll, Julian, Kasson, Kelley, Fran-
cis W. Kellogg, Knox, Loan,Longyear,Mama,McBride,
McClurg, Samuel F. Miller, Moorhead, Daniel Moiris, Mor-
rison, Amos Myers, Leonard Myers, Noble, Odell, Charles
O'Neill, Perham,Pomeroy, Price, Alexander H. Rice, John
II. Rice, Edward H. Rollins, James S. Rollins, Ross,
Schenck, Scott, Shannon, Sloan, Smuhers, John B. Steele,
William G. Steele, Stevens, Stuart, Sweat, Upson, Van
Valkenburgh, Wadsworth, Ward, William B. Washburn,
Whaley, Wilder, Wilson, Windom,and Winfield—82.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Anderson, Baily, Blaine, Bliss,
Brandegee, James S. Brown, William G. Brown, Chanler,
Freeman Clarke, Clay, Cox, Creswell, Ilenry Winter Da-
vis, Deming, Durnont, Grinned, Hall, Hamilton, Charles
M. Harris, Iluiburd, Hutchins, Jenckes, Kalbfleisch, Or-
lando Kellogg, Kornan, King, Law, Lazear, Le Blond,
Lutlojohn, Long, Maliory, McAllister, McDowell, Mda-
doe, MeKinney, William II. Miller, Mori ill, John O'Neill,
Patterson, Pendleton, Perry, Pruyn, Radford, William II.
Randall,Robinson, Rogers, S^eofield, Sinilb, Spalding,Stair,
Stebbins, Strouse, Voorhees, Webster, Joseph W. White,
Benjamin Wood, Fernando Wood, Woodbridge,and Yea-
man—OL.
So the amendment was rejected.
The question then recurred on the following
amendment, submitted by Mr. Stevens:
The several companies authorised to construct the afore-
said loads are heicby vequiied to operate and use said roads
and telegraph for all purposes of communication, travel,
and transportation, so far as the public and the Government
arc concerned, a« one continuous line, and in such opera-
tion and use to aii'ord and secure to each other equal ad-
vantages and facilities a^ to rates, time,and transpoi tation,
without, any diseiiminattonof any kind in favor ot the road
or bu;.im>s of any or eithei of said companies, or adverse
to the road oi bu-ane^s of nny or either of the others.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I move to amend by adding
after the word "equipments," in the twelfth lino
of section ten, the following:
Rxcept a=? to the provisions of the sixth section of an act
to which this is an amendrnentielatmg to the transmission
of dispatches and the transposition ot mails, troops mu-
nitions of war, supplier-, and public stoics, for the Govern-
ment of the United States.
The sixth section of the law to which this ap-
plies is as follows:
11 Skc. c. Jlndbe it further enacted, That the grants afore-
said aie made upon condition th.it said company shall pay
said bonds .it matuuty, and shall keep said railroad and
teloginph line m i epan and u- e, and shall at all tunes trans-
mit dispatches over said telegraph line, and transport mails,
troops, and munitions of war, supplies, and public stores
upon t-aid railroad lot the Government, whenever required
to do s>o by any Depaitmont thereof, and that the Govern-
ment shall at all tunes have the preference in the use of
the same ibi all the purposes atoiu*«atd, (at tuirand leason-
ah!e iate^ of eompen^atton, not to exceed the amounts paid
by pnvate paiiies tor the same kind of seiviee;) and all
compensation lor *eivices lendeied toi the Government
shall be applied to tbe payment of said bond-*, and interest
until the whole amount is iully paid. Said company may
also pay the United States, wholly or in pait, in the same
oi o;hei bonds, Tieasiuy notes, or other evidences of debt
agniii^t th'4 United State*, to be allowed at par; and nfter
said load i-j completed, until said bonds and interest 'ire
paid, at least five per cent, of the net earnings of said load
shall alio be annually applied to the pavment thereof."
Now, sir, I piopo&e to leserve this light of the
Government for tiie transmission of dispatches,
and die transportation of troops and supplies, as
against the light of any parties into whose hands
tins road mny ultimately pass under the first mort-
gage provided by this bill.
I call the previous question upon the amend-
ment.
Mi*. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois, moved that
the House adjourn.
Mr. HOLMAN called for tellers upon the mo-
tion to adjourn.
Tollers were not ordered.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of IIlinMs,demanded the
yeas and nays upon the motion, and tellers upon
the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
The question recurring on seconding the de-
mand for the previous question, the Xiouse di-
vided; and there'were—ayes 75, noes 13; no
quorum voting.
Mr. WILSON called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Van Valken-
burgh and Mr. Perry were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 78,*noes 15.
So the previous question was seconded, and
the main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was agreed to; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
postpone the further consideration of this bill
until the third Tuesday of December next.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order
at this time. A motion to reconsider is pending.
Mr. FARNSWORTH moved that the House
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly (at forty minutes past
ten o'clock p. m.) adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, June 22, 1864.
Prayer by Rev. B. H. Nadal, of Washington.
On motion of Mr. MORRILL, and by unani-
mous consent, the reading of the Journal was dis-
pensed with.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SUMNER presented the petition of Hor-
ace Sprigg, a colored citizen of Washington,
District of Columbia, praying for compensation
for the amount expended by him in the purchase
of the freedom of his daughter, to which he claims
to be entitled under the provisions of the act
emancipating persons held to service in the Dis-
trict of Columbia; which was referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. SUMNER also presented eight petitions of
men and women of the United States, praying for
the abolition of slavery, and such an amendment
of the Constitution as will forever prohibit its ex-
istence in any portion of the American Union;
which were referred to the select committee on
slavery and freedmen.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, presented the petition
of Chailes D. Maxwell, piaying to be relieved
from taxation as contemplated by the act of May
5, 18C4, providing for the grading, paving, and
cleaning the streets of the city of Washington,
so far as it relates to certain lots owned by him in
square No. 677 in that city, the same being incum-
bered with a nuisance, as is alleged, arising from
the Government Printing Office and hospitals;
which was referred to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
He also presented the memorial of Peter Hays,
G. F. Randall, and P. Monseroon, praying to be
compensated for loss of clothing and other per-
sonal effects, occasioned by the sinking of the
United States steamer Sumter, June 24, 1863;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
He also presented the petition of Jesse F. Gray,
praying for compensation for services rendered as
clerk in the United States general hospital at
Mound City, Illinois, in 1862 and 1863; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. JOHNSON, I have had sent to me, with
a request that I should present it to the Senate, a
memorial signed by some six or seven hundred
natives of Poland, most and perhaps all of whom
are lepiosented to have been refugees from that
kingdom. They state (whether correctly or not
i do not know) that although there is no statute
or treaty upon the subject, many of their country-
men who have been enlisted into the Army and
Navy of the United States, having escaped from
what they call thefthralidom of Russia, have been
delivered up to the agents of the Russian Govern-
ment by the naval and military authorities, acting
as they suppose under the authority of the Exec-
utive. They ask that the matter may be inquired
into, and relief, if relief can be had, in the future
provided by Congress. It is not necessary, Mr.
President, to say anything for the purpose of en-
listing; the sympathy of the American people or
the American Senate in behalf of the men of Po-
land. The services of her sons during the war of
the Revolution have always been held in so high an
