158.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12,
In my judgment, however, the commutation
ought to be increased. I think the condition of
"the country, the condition of our people, in such
as that the drafted mail now may pay what it
costs to enlist a veteran soldier; and I should be
in favor, and if 110 one else shall do it, I shall move
an amendment which shall fix the amount of com-
mutation at $4Q0, the amount now paid by the
•Government as bounty to a veteran soldier. I
think it ought to bo done. But, sir, I would not
do the unjust thing of making a man hire a sub-
stitute or pay commutation and then return his
name and make him liable again to be called into
g&rvice or to pay commutation or to furnish a sub-
stitute until the basis of the draft is exhausted.
This enrollment by the law itself only continues
until March, 18G5, when a new enrollment is to
be made,and then this whole matter will be reor-
ganized and rearranged. As the Senator from
Vermont lias well said, the number of persons
liable to draft will be largely increased by those
coming pf the pro per age or becoming naturalized
citizens, and they will be placcd 011 a new enroll-
ment when wo have occasion for it. But, sir, I ap-
prehend there are none of us who suppose we shall
have occasion for a draft after March, 18C5, and
this basis of enrollment is quite sufficient to last
us until that time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the Senate
ready for the question 011 the amendment pro-
posed by the Senator from Massachusetts?
Mr. iSUMNER. I should like to recall the
attention of the Senate to that amendment. The
Senator from Ohio, not contenting himself with
opposing-that amendment, introduced other and
extraneous matter which has been under discus-
sion since, and the effect of which has been to di-
vert attention from the original proposition. But
if 1 can have the attention of the Senator from
Ohio for a few minutes, it seems to me—I do not
know—I may even satisfy him at least that his
argument against my proposition was not wc^J
founded.
If I understood the Senator from Ohio, he ob-
jected to my proposition on the ground, in the
first place, that iL was an unusual tax; or, in other
words, that it was a tax. Sir, what is the draft
but n tax? The draft compels ail the persons who
are drafted tocontiibute their strength, their mus-
cles, their lives to tile defense of the Republic.
That, if I understand it aright, is the highest tax
the country can impose. But still further, what
is the commutation money which the statute now
positively requires but a tax? If, then, there be
anything in the argument of the Senator from
Ohio, the draft itselfand the commutation money
of §>300 itself is a tux, and is therefore objection-
able. Neither one nor the other, in a just sense,
is a tax, because neither one nor the other is any
imposition for the purpose of revenue; and I ask
the attention of the Senator to the distinction;
neither one nor Uio other is an imposition for the
purpose of levenue. I do notpicsent thisamend-
munt on any such ground. 1 present it simply
and distinctly on 0110 ground—the duty of equal-
izing, if possible, this burden, so that it shall
bear, so far as we can make it, alike upon the rich
and the poor. Now, 1 have to say that that bur-
den is not equalized, and that it docs not bear
alike upon the rich and the poor if you make the
poor man pay $300 and the licit mail pay 110
more.
But the Senator went further. Notcontent with
objecting to my proposition 011 the ground that it
was a tax, he complained that it was tin exorbi-
tant tux; and ho asked me whether in all history
I could point to anyinstanreofataxofthirtypcr
cent, on income. It seems to me it should be the
pride of our country at this moment, that on ail
occasion likejhis it should not resort to history
in order to determine whether it shall equalize a
burden upon the uch and the poor. Because other
nations have not undertaken to equalize a burden
upon the rich and the poor, is thata leason why
we should not set the example ? But is the ttix
exorbitant? I will read it:
<■ orl all income over §600 and not over .-53,000, ten per
cent.; over .$3,000 and not over $o,000, twenty per eent.;
anil Oil all income over $5,0U0, thirty per cent."
Now, the Senator complains of the thirty per
cent.; that is, thirty per ccnt. 011 an income over
<5,000. Suppose <1 person with an income over
$5,000 should be drafted, I put it to the Senator
from Ohio, what sum would be too gieat foi him
to pay as a commutation for his exemption from
the draft, carrying with it, as that draft does, ex-
posure to death, disease, wounds, with the abso-
lute employment of his time during the period of
one, two, or three years, according to the duration
of the draft? Is thirty per cent, on an income
above #5,000 a year too much for such a person to
pay ? Is it exorbitant? Is that the estimate which
the Senator puts upon such an exposure? lie re-
quires $300 from the poor man who has 110 in-
come; but he thinks it exorbitant to require thirty
pet- cent, on the income of a. man whose income
is over $5,000. Sir, I do notthink that, even as I
have it here in this proposition, there is equality.
If any objection can be brought against this pro-
position, i't is that it is too lenient; that it does not
go far enough.
I am sure, sir, eminent as that Senator is, and
justly representing his own State, that he docs not
represent 011 this question every citizen of that
State. I have in my hand a letter which I re-
ceived since this proposition was brought forward,
dated at Cincinnati, the 6th of January, from a
most respectable citizen, from winch I ask leave
to read three or four sentences; and I read it
simply to show how this proposition strikes cit-
izens at a distance, but who have the same inter-
est in it that we have. He says:
"Permit a stranger to aililress'a few wouls to you ex-
pressive of appiobation of your bill"—
He calls it a bill, but it is only a proposition of
amendment—
"c providing for a revision of the enrollment net, so as to
afford a slidinu siiale of commutation for tiie draft, the ob-
ject being to rate commutation according to the means of
the drafted individual.' I quote from telegrams of this
morning's news, in my humble opinion you have hit tile
nail on tiie head. [ think this is the only method to equal-
ise the burden and satisfy ail claims for justice and equit-
able dealing. When any fixed •mm i<* indicated as tlie
commutation fee to exempt from actual military duty, it
needs but little letleetioil to see that it liuiiieetly imposes
a premium upon piopeity while it taxes the poor.'5
Then he goes on to suppose a case somewhat
at length, quite elaborately, indeed, between two
citizens of Cincinnati, neighbors, whom he mi-
nutely describes, and finally winds up that part
of his communication by saying:
" Suppose the latter person5'—
Whom he names John Smith—
"is dinfted. Why §300 is no moie to him than a three-
penny loaf to tiie other per-011. Am I not light that a'fixed
sum lor exemption imposes a tax upuu honest poverty and
a piemunn upon wealth?*'
This excellent citizen of Ohio objects to the
whole theory of the Senator from Ohio as a tax
upon honest poverty and a premium upon wealth.
The Senator opposes my proposition as a tax
upon wealth. Call it, if you please, a tax upon
wealth. I' say thatthe occasion has come when it
should be made. But I myself put aside the phrase,
I put aside the idea, except in the general sense,
tluit the draft itself is a.tax; the commutation
money of §300 is tax; and the proposition that I
make simply aims to equalize that tax.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 'Mr. President, I have
given some reflection 
Mr. SHERMAN. Will the Senator allow me
a moment to reply to the Senator from Massa-
cinisctts ^
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Perhaps my honorable
friend may want to reply to me.
Mr. SHERMAN. Oh. no.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Very well; I give way.
Mr. SHERMAN. I shall detam "the Senate
hut a moment. I listened with pleasure to the
remarks of the Senator from Massachusetts, and
hoped I should be convinced by them, but I am
not yet convinccd,and therefore will briefly state
the reasons.
The Senator says he cannot draw a distinction
between the commutation and a tax. I think any
dictionary will furnish him with that distinction.
A commutation is a fixed price put upon military
service. The price fixed by our law is $300, to
be paid in lieu of military service, a fixed puce
ay the commutation. A tax docs not depend upon
the prison. A tax is variable, depending upon
the amount of pioperty. In this country poll
taxes are not allowed by our Constitution. A
tax is a rate upon property, depending upon the
amount." We know what the commutation of
$300 means. Jt is a substitution for military ser-
vice. Tim tax proposed by the Senator from
Massachusetts is not a commutation; it is not a
fixed sum; it is a variable sum dependent upon
the property of the person drafted; it is a tax,an_
income-tax. There is the distinction.
But let us go a little further. The Senator asks,
why is it oppressive to take, thirty per cent, of the'
income of a wealthy man? Why, sir, if neces-
sary, I will take the whole income of the wealthy
and the poor, in order to carry out this contest,
and to preserve this country. I will take the
whole property of the people of the United States,
as we have the power and the right to do—the
property of the rich and the results of the labor of
the poor—and I will take every citizen and put
him in the Army, if necessary, to preserve our
nationality and <?ur country. But that is not the
question. When we come to levy taxes, the Con-
stitution and our oath of office, as well as our
plain duty, require us to make those taxes equal
-and just, bearing upon all alike, depending upon
the amount of their property and their ability to
pay. That is the principle. There are Senators
here, some above the age of forty-five, and some
below the age of forty-five, who are wealthy.
What right have you to impose an income tax of
thirty per cent, on those wno are under that age,
and exempt entirely the property of men above
that age? Is that a legal tax?
Mr. SUMNER, i will ask the Senator what
right have we to limit the period of military ser-
vice, and to make our call as wc have on persons
between the ages of twenty and thirty-five ? It is
on the same ground on which yon limit that call
to persons within the ages of twenty and thirty-
five that I limit this tax, if the Senator pleases so
to call it. I do not call it a tax, but it is a sub-
stitute for commutation money.
Mr. SHERMAN. In reply to the first ques-
tion, why we limit the term of service, I answer,
because we do not want the service longer than
for the term we limit. That is asuflicientanswer
to that. The Senator asks why we take men be-
tween the ages of twenty and thirty-five. Because
those men make the best soldiers. The Govern-
ment has the right to call on the best men to de-
fend it. That is the answer. But when you come
to levy taxes, then your duty is to make those
taxes equal, fair, and just to all alike. There is
no reason why you levy this tax-only on those
who, in addition to their duty to pay taxes, have
to perform military service. Why should you
put this income tax only on the_ young, energetic,
and active, who are accumulating property, and
relieve those who have already accumulated and
have 110 longer need of large incomes? If it were
not invidious I might take the case of certain mem-
bers of the Senate, some of whom are subjoct to
military duty, and some not, and apply this tax
to them, anu the glaring injustice of it would at
once be seen. The young are liable to military
duty, and they are liable to pay taxes. They
render their military duty. The old are exempt
from military duty, but they are still liable- to pay
taxes. Will the Senator make the young and
active perform military duty and pay taxes also,
and exempt the old not only from military duty,
but from taxes besides? There will be the in-
equality involved in the proposition of the honor-
able Senator. It will not reach those who ought
to pay the taxes, while it throws the whole load
on those who are to perform military service.
That is the full answer to this discrimination. If
the Senator wishes to jaise a fund outof which to
buy substitutes, let him impose an income tax of
five or ten per cent., operating on all alike, and
make a discrimination against the incomes of tho
rich. Our present law is based upon that idea.
The income tax upon the smaller incomes is three
per cent.; on the higher incomes it is five per
| cent.; and I am perfectly willing, if it be neces-
sary, to make it still higher. The discrimination
ought always to be made against large incomes,
but when you come to tax incomes, it ought to
apply to all alike.
My friend from Massachusetts quotes a letter
from one of my constituents against me. I have
no doubt my constituents differ m regard to this
matter just as we do here. But I think ifmy con-
stituent had this case.before him, he would agree
with me. There are some very wealthy men in
Cincinnati who are above the age of forty-five,
and there are some very wealthy men who have
accumulated property who are under the age of
forty-five. If the proposition was made only to
tax those under forty-five, and not those above
forty-five, I think my constituent will see the in-.
