1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
 next." I will ask any Senator what power
we have to say to a bank organized under a State
law, the mere creatine of State law, that it shall
cancel so much of its circulation by such a timer
We may, ami intend to do so in the tax bill, levy
a severe tax upon the excess of circulation above
ninety per cent, of its capital stock; but u must
only bo in the form of a tax. I assure the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts that his object will be
accomplished if he will keep out of this hill every-
thing that relates to the State banks. The House
of Representatives, in the revenue bill, have al-
leady put a very heavy tax on the Stole banks;
and it vvjII be within our power to amend it so as
to make a very large tax upon the excess of circu-
lation above ninety per cent., and a more mod-
erate tax on that below ninety per cent. That
course will probably be adopted by the Commit-
tee on Finance; but whether it is or not. we will
then have it in our power to levy on the State
banks an equitable tax. This amendment of the
Senator from Wisconsin, itseemsto me,is clearly
unconstitutional and ineffective, because the courts
would say at once, the moment the question was
raised, " The United States have no power to say
that the State bunks shall, within a limited time,
cancel so much of their obligation." 1 trust,
theiefore, it will not be adopted.
Mr. WILSON. I understand the tax bill be-
fore us taxes the national banks and the State
banks alike.
Mr. SHERMAN. They arc taxed alike so far
as the ninety per cent, of circulation is concerned;
butall in excels of that is taxed very heavily. It
will accomplish the Senator's object.
Mr. WILSON. Mi. President, if this object
is to be accomplished, I care not whether it is ac-
complished 111 this bill or in the internal tax bill,
itsccms tome, however, that when we are parsing
an act the object of which is to take caie of the
currency of the country, we ought in this very act
in some form to provide for the reduction of the
excessive circulation of these State banks. It
seems to me that we have all power over this sub-
ject of currency. I know that 111 the debates of
many yeais ago, when the question of currency
was the great question before Congress for years,
that the statesman who engaged in these debates
maintained the power of this Government over
the question of the currency as absolute and com-
plete. Hut, sir, if there is a doubt about that,
J suppo.se the Senator from Ohio does not doubt
the power to tax this existing banking issue out
of existence. I think this is the place to do itand
make aoeifainty of it, for if I knew that we did
not intend to adopt this policy I would not vote
for this bill. I therefore move to stiike out all of
the amendment of the Senator from Wisconsin
after the word " that," and to insert what I send
to the Chair.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Massachusetts cannot olFer another amend- j
ment, which would be an amendment in tht- third I
degree, without withdrawing his first amend ment. :
Mr. WILSON. 1 withdraw thatanicndment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Suiatoi j
from Massachusetts withdraws his fust amend- j
ment, and offcisanothcr to stiike out all after the i
word " that" in the pending amendment and in- ,
sert in lieu theieof: • I
Alt notes in circulation in money bv any pei^on*-, hank-
ers, banking: associations, oi hanking corporations, exceed- ;
ing nin,jty pet com. of tiunr capital actually paid in shall j
pay a tax ol one per cent, per month. ■
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust that the Senator .
from Massachusetts, who is undoubted!/a friend
of this bill, will not clog it with this amendment. j
I assure him that this subject of the mode of tax-
ing banks and banking circulation is under con- .
sideration now. In addition to the tax there ,
must be a mode provided of assessing and deiin- ,
ing it,requuing certain returns to be made, and i
some machinety to be provided. I tiust he will ;
allow that subject to stand where all other taxes ;
stand. I myself desired the tax on the national .
banks to be'stneken out of this bill, but 1 was;
overruled m that particular, it was deemed im-
portant to leseivc the right by the States to tax
these national banks; but the committee agreed i
unanimously, m regard to the general plan ot tax-
ing State banks, that it was better to leave it where .
all other taxes are left and wheie the nrcewkuy i
machinery may be provided, assessors' returns,
collectors, in the internal levenue bill, i ,
trust, therefore, that the Senator will not incum-
ber this bill with his amendment.
Mr. WILSON. With these assurances I will
withdraw the amendment; but if I believed that
it would not be adopted by the Senate I certainly
would not consent to support this system. It
seems to me to be increasing the circulation of
paper money instead of diminishing it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Massachusetts withdraws his amendment
to the amendment, and the question returns to
the last branch of the amendment offered by the
Senator from Wisconsin.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. In that amendment as it
stands, thete are several blank# which have not
been filled. I do not propose to take up the time
of the Senate by now offering to fill those blanks,
and for the present 1 will withdraw the amend-
ment. I may offer it at some subsequent time.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Mary-
land [Mr. Johnson] moved to reconsider the vote
of the Senate the other day on the amendment
offered by the Senator from Michigan, [Mr.
Chandler,] and I should like to have that mo-
tion to reconsider disposed of now. I will state
that after a conference with some Senators who
favored that amendment, 1 have drawn an amend-
ment that will probably be satisfactory and carry
out the object of the Senator from Michigan. I
trust that the motion to rcconsider will be dis-
posed of now.
ThePRESlDENT pro tempoie. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Maryland
to reconsider the vote of the Senate on the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Michigan.
Mr. GRIMES. Let that amendment be read.
The Secretary read the amendment, in section
thuty-one,lines twenty-five, twenty-six, twenty-
seven, and twenty-cighi, to stiike out the follow-
ing words:
St. Louis,Louisville,Chicago.Detroit,Milwaukee,New
Oilean*, Cincinnati, Cleveland, Pntsbuij;, Baltimore,Port-
land, (Maine,) Albany, and San Fianci&eo.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 ask for the reading of the
substitute that the Senator fiom Ohio proposes.
Mi, SHERMAN. The substitute that I now
offer goes upon the supposition that these cities
will be restored to the places in which they stood
in the bill, and with that explanation Senators
will undei stand the amendment. The amendment
that 1 send to the Chair is an amendment to the
thiity-Sf c.ond section of the bill, another section.
The PRESIDENT jjro tempore. Then the ques-
tion will fust be put on the motion to leconsider.
The motion was agreed to.
ThePRESlDEN Y pro tempore. Thequestion
now returns on the adoption of the amendment
proposed by the Senator fiom Michigan.
Mr. CHANDLER. I withdraw the amend-
ment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
the unanimous consent of the Sen ate. The Chair
heais no objection, and the amendment is with-
drawn.
Mr. MORGAN. I move to insertin the twen-
ty-eighth lint1 of the thirty-first section, after the
word " and," the word " Buffalo." 1 believe there
is no objection to it, if the system is to prevail.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now offer an amendment
to strike out all of section thirty-two after the en-
acting clause down to and including the word
" par," in line five, in the following words:
r^bnt <*aeh association shall select, sublet to the ap-
proval ol the Cumptioller of the Cm teney, an n^uciation
in mthei ot the euit'o named in tin* p.ending section, at
which it will n'dcom it- enculPUng notes at par.
And to insert in heu thereof:
That r,aeh awieiahon oisianr^u! in any of the cities
named in the lou-going section shall select, subject to the
appmuil ot the Compiiolp'r ol the Curienev. an .<s oeia-
ti<m in the city o{ X<j\v York, at winch u will redeem its
circulating imtis at a late ot ca-h.niiziMoi ail eme-? west
ol the Alleghany mountains not exceeding one ttltli ot one
pi-11 c'lit.. and tor ai! cities oa-t of the Ailcslianv mountains}
at pa i; ami each of such associations, may keep thiee filths
of it* lawful money ic&eived in ea^li deposited ni the city
oi jVevv Voik. And each association not oigauuud with in
the cinei named in thf pn coding section s,h;ill select,ssiib-
jeet to the approval of the ComptiolSer of the Curtcney,
an association in cithi i ot the cities naiuctl in the pieced
lug ^uetnm, at which it will redeem its notes at pm, i
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 ask the honorable mem- :
ber fiom Ohm to explain exactly what the pur- I
port of th u amendment is. i am not sure that 1 i
understand it. I
Mr. SHERMAN. Perhaps I had better ex- 1
plain it, as Senators will £ben understand it bet-
ter than by the-resding ofthfrformal amendment
It was manifest from- the vote of the SeaatejihcL
other day that it was their desire to have a uni-
form redemption, so that thisTviij be a uniform
national currency. The bankseverywhere being
directly or indirectly compelled to redeem in New
York, their notes will be at par, or nearly par,
everywhere, with only the difference of the ex-
pense of transporting the notes from one Region
of country to the other. If my amendment pre-
vail, all the country banks, as they are called,
may redeem at either of the cities named in the
thirty-first section; that is, the cities ofSt. Louis,
Louisville, Chicago, Detroit, Milwaukee, New
Orleans, Cincinnati, Cleveland, Pittsburg, Balti-
more, Philadelphia, Boston, Portland, (Maine,)
New York, Buffalo, Albany, and San Francisco.
The place of redemption is, to be first selected by
themselves, with the approval of the Comptroller
of the Currency. Butcach associatipn in these cen-
ters of redemption must redeem its notes in New
York. For the cities lying west of the Alleghany
mountains they can be allowed- not to exceed
the rate of one fifth of one per cent., but for all
east of the Alleghany mountains they-must be re-
deemed in New York at par. The effect would
be that a bank, say in Maine, might redeem at
Boston or Portland, whichever it selects; but
Portland and Boston, Philadelphia and Baltimore,
Cincinnati and St. Louis,and all thecities named
here, must redeem in the city of New York,
This is a very severe operation upon the banks;
but as Senators expressed by their votes-the other
day their desire to have this uniform redemption',
after consulting with the Comptroller of the Cur-
rency and the Secictary of the Tieasury, I have
prepared this amendment, carrying out that gen-
eral desire.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will inquire whether
the country banks themselves are required to re-
deem at par in any one of these places.
Mr. SHERMAN. They are compelled by this
amendment to redeem at one of the centers named
in the thirty-first section.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. At par?
Mr, SHERMAN. Yes, sir, at par. In addi-
tion to the clause I have drawn there is the fol-
lowing language in the same section:
And the Comptroller shall give public notice of the names
of the associations so selected at which redemptions are
to be made by the respective associations, and of any
change that maybe made ot the association at winch the
notes of any association are redeemed. If any associa-
tion shall fail either to make the selection or to redeem
its notes as aforesaid, the Compuoller of the Currency
may, upon ifcceivmg satisfactory evidence thereof, appoint
a receiver, m the manner piovided for in this act, to wind
up its aft'ans: ProvMcd, That nothing in this section shall
relieve any association tiom Its liability to redeem its cir-
culating notes at irs own counter, at par, in lawful money
on demand.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will ask the Senator
why he cannot change his amendment so as to
make it meet substantially the vote of the Senate
before, and provide that these banks in these sev-
j eral centers of redemption shall redeem either at
{ New Yoik, Philadelphia, or Boston. It would
! accommodate more, and I think would be very
! much moic satisfactory to the different regions
i of country, and answer the purpose as well,
j Take, for instance, the New England banks. It
j would be very much better for them if they could
| redeem in Boston.
I Mr. SHERMAN. Under the operation of
; this amendment, all the banks in New England
! could redeem in Boston at par, or in Portland.
Those places are so near together, and Boston is
: so convenient of access, that probably it would
! be better that Portland should be stricken out,
j and then they would be compelled to redeem in
: Boston at par. But if these places are made cen-
ters of redemption, if they aie claimed to be so -
important m their communities as to be centers
of Redemption where the local banks must re-
deem their notes, they ought certainly to redeem
somewhere else.
Mi*. FESSENDEN. I have no objection to
redeeming in Boston.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then Portland should be
strickcn out as one of the centers of redemption.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is-not necessary to do
that.
Mr. SHERMAN. If Portland is kept in as a
center of ledempuon for the banks of Maine, then
certainly Portland ought to redeem in New York.
