1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1205
their departments, executive, legislative, and ju-
dicial, fully organized and actn e, wjth practical iy
their entire population submitting to and uphold-
ing—whether by free will or by compulsion is
unirrtportant as to the main fact—the actual gov-
ernment of such States. But it is needless to talk
of this; It has been settled by the solemn adjudi-
cation of the Supreme Court of the United States;
a tribunal that our conservative friends have so
often reprimanded us for not following with the
implicit devotion that they think is its due. In
the ease of the Hiawatha and other prize vessels
(reported in 2 Black) this tribunal announces its
deliberate judgment thus:
" In organizing this lebelhon, theyhave aet^i as States,
claimingto be sovereign overall peisonsand property witii-
m their lespective limits, and asseitini: a right lo absolve
their citizemfroin their allegiance to the Federal Guvmi-
inent Several ofthese States? have combined to form a new
cunfedeiacy, claiming to be acknowledged by the world as
a sovereign State. Their iitrnt to do so ^ now being de-
cided by wager ot battle. The ports and torntones of each
of these States are held in hostility to the General Govern-
ment. It is no loose or unotganized rebellion, having no
defined boundary oi possession. It has a houndaiy maiked
by lines of bayonet*, and which can only be crossed by lojce.
Soilth of this line is enemy's teiritoiy, because it is claimed
and held in possession by an oigamzed, hostile, and belli-
geiont power. Ailposons roiding within this territory,
whoso pioperty may be used to inciease the icvenue of the
hostile power, aie m this content liable to be treated as ene-
mies, though not foreigner. They have ca^t off their alle-
giance and made war on their Government, and are none
ihe less enemies beeausc tin.*}' are tiaitors."
^ The court, in the same case, in the most dis-
tinct and emphatic terms, declare the proposition
that " the Constitution and laws of the United
States are still operative over persons in all the
States, for punishment as well as protection/' to
rest on assumptions which are "without foun-
dation in the established law of nations.31 The
opinion was pronounced not by any fanatical
Republican, but by Judge Grier,a Democrat ap-
pointed by James K. Polk. The opinion was
concurred in by all the judges, so far as it relates
to the quality of the contest and the rights and
powers it confers on the belligerents. The only
difference of opinion was as to the date when this
Government became invested with tiie unlimited
plenitude of warpower; the majority holding that
the existence of the war, as a mere Jact, on and
prior to the 27th April, 1861, confeired it, inde-
pendent of any declaration by the President or
by Congress; the minority thinking that it was
only when Congress ratified the blockade that the
power of capture came into existence.
Peihaps it would not be worth while to notice,
if Judge Grier had not quoted and emphasized,
the recognition by the British Government of hos-
tilities as "existing between the Government of
the United States and certain Stales styling them-
selves the confederate States of Ameucd." The
court doubtless thought that on a question of this
kind, depending not on the interpretation of mu-
nicipal law but on the facts, as viewed in the light
of that broad common sense which oonsiitutes
the law of nations, the judgment of England and
the other foreign Governments who concurred in
similar declarations is entitled to considerable
weight. I take it then as irreversibly settled that
the conflict now raging is a war, not an insurrec-
tion; a war not against individual traitors, but
against States; a war, therefore, imposing all the
duties and conferring all the rights that would
attend one waged against Mexico or Canada, sub-
ject to no restrictions that would not accompany
such a war.
_ Now, sir, everybody knows that there are no
limitations on the power of a belligerent in the
prosecution of war, or to his exercise of absolute,
uncontrolled dominion over the territory, polit-
ical privileges, and local institutions of the van-
quished, except those which he may prescribe to
himself from motives of inteiest or humanity.
This was so conclusively established and the
question so thoroughly discussed, so far as it re-
lates to our rights dnimg the prosecution of the
war, m the debates on the confiscation act, that I
shall say no more on that branch. The judg-
ment of Congress and the Executi\c has passed
upon it; and afteu the lapse of a year that judg-
ment was more than affirmed by the Supreme
Court. So that all the departments of the Gov-
ernment are now irretrievably committed to the
doctune of plenary belligerent rights against the
rebels not as insurrectionists merely, but as hos-
tile States.
The ques! ion, a j it arises under the recent proc- !
tarnation, is mainly confined to slave property;
for .is to pioperty of every other description, and
as to all other penalties denounced by the confis-
cation act, the President pioposes to revoke it as
to all who shall accept the amnesty. Upon this
I shall content myself with citing, first, the au-
thority of John Q,uincy Adams, the most accom-
plished in the whole line of our statesmen, by all
odds the most conversant with public law, for he
was engaged in its study and administration from
the time when, a stripling boy, he accompanied
his father, as the first minister to Great Britain, till
he saw, content, the Igst of earth o„n the floor of
this House. Seventy years, the full allotted time
of man, he spent in constant ministration to the
law of nations; and this is the ripe result of his
study. On the 25th of May, 183&, he said:
" Fiom the instant your slaveholding States become the
theater of war, civil, seivile, ui foreign, from that instant
the war poweis ofCongiess extend to interference with
the institution of slavciy in evciy way in which it can be
interfered with—fiom a claim of indemnity for slaves taken
or destioyed, to the cession of the State burdened with
slaveiy to a foreign Power."
He reiterated this doctrine on this floor on the
7 th of June, 1841, and again in April, 1842, saying:
"I lay this down as the iaw of nations: I say that mil-
ltaiy authouty takes for the time the place of all municipal
institutions, and slavery among the i e<t; and that under that
state ot things, so far from its being tt ue that the States wiioi e
slavery e.M.sts have the exclusive management of the sub-
ject, not only the Pio>ident of the United States but the
commander of the Aimy lias powei to order the umver&al
emancipation of the slaves."
Accepting this, as^I reverently do, as a sound
exposition of our belligerent rights by the high-
est American authority, it puts an end to all ques-
tion as to the power to emancipate slaves, as the
President did by his proclamations of September
22,1862, and January 1,1863. In my judgment
it is superfluous and impertinent to seek to
strengthen the authority of John Gluincy Adams
by that of any other writer. But lest any should
imagine ttiat he was influenced by his detestation
of slavery, it is right to mention that the same
doctvine has been declared by men of eminently
conseivative views, among them Professor Par-
sons, of the Dana Law School. If any one is
curious to see what he has to say on the subject 1
lefer him to the quotation in Upton's Law of
Prize, page 87 of the edition of 1862.
If it bo said that the power exists only where
it can be and is effectually exercised, that is, only
at ihe time and in the place where our military
force can actually execute it, I reply, in the first
place, that the admission of the existence of the
power under these circumstances necessarily im-
plies and includes the right to promise emancipa-
tion as an auxiliary means of obtaining possession
of the hostile teuitory, and such a promise im-
poses the obligation to pet form it. It would heap
infamy upon the nation if we should hesitate to
redeem its plighted faith. In the second place,
independent altogether of any such pledge oh that
bj' which the President has bound the nation, it
would be entirely competent to us to enactcman-
cipjtion os a measure of civil administration in a
subjugated State. Whatsoever power the most
despotic Government has within its acknowledged
domain, that the law of nations concedes to any
G overnment m administering the affairs of a State
biought undei its power by force of arms. So far
from the Constitution h.uirig any application to
such a case, it is an old and received opinion that
the Constitution does not limit th" power ofCon-
gress over a teiritory not originally a part of the
(Jmted States but acquired by putchase. This
whs the opinion of IV!r. Webster, and it was on
this ground that Congress established in Louisi-
ana, immediately after its acquisition, courts pro-
ceeding according to the course of the civil law,
without jury, though the seventh at ticle of Amend-
ments to the Constitution provides that in suits
involving more than twenty doilais the right of
trial by jury shall be preserved, and they shall
not be reexamined otherwise than accouling to j:
the course of the common law. The civil law was ||
an abomination to our ancestors, and they in-
tended by (his provision to exclude its establish- i
merit by the Federal Government, but by its con- ;]
sent and aid thus given it was perpetuated in ji
Louisiana. In that part of the State of New Yoik j:
which was foimeily under the Government of j'
Holland the question has been repeatedly before !j
the courts whether the rights of the owners of the jj
banks of streams ate governed by the Dutch law, i'
which gives the bed of the stream to the pub-
lic, or by the English law, which gives it to'the
proprietor of the bank. In such a case Chancel-
lor Walworth, in the court of errors, declared the
law of nations to be this-: when a country is ac-
quired by conquest, or even by cession, no formal
act of legislation is necessary to change the law,
but the mere will of the conqueror is to determine
whether the ancient laws shall remain or shall be
changed either wholly or in part. He cites va-
rious examples of this. Amongthe moremodern
is the case of British India, upon the conquest of
which the English law was adopted only as to
Europeans and their descendants, leaving tho
rights of the native inhabitants to be determined
by their personal laws as they formerly existed, *
except that in controversies between Hindoos and
Mussulmans the law of the defendant is to be the
rule of decision instead of the Mussulman law as
theretofore. So that in India there are now three
systems of law, all of which he says frequently
come before the same court for decision. In Gib-
raltar there has been no act of the Government
abolishing the Spanish law and substituting that
of England, except the king's declaration of his
will that the laws of England should be the meas-
ure of justice to be administered between parties
as near as might be. Upon this principle the
widow of a native inhabitant of Gibraltar de-
scended from Spanish parents was decided to be
entitled to dower, although she would not have
been entitled to it if the Spanish law had prevailed,
I beg your attention to this as beingacaseaffect-
ing private rights of property and succession, be-
cause it is frequently sought to take slavery out
of the subjection to the will of the conqueror on
the ground that though conquest transfers the
allegiance of the vanquished, it does not affect the?
private rights and relations to each other.
As a further evidence of the power of a sov-
ereign to change the whole laws of a conquered
or ceded country, Chancellor Walworth refers (17
Wendell's Reports, 588) to it as a well-known fact
that upon taking possession of Louisiana by the
Spaniards in 1769, under the treaty of cession of
that colony made by France a few years previ-
ous, Count O'Reilly, the new Governor, did, by
a simple proclamation, abolish not only the form
of government of the colony, but the whole code
of the French law, the customs of Paris, and the
ordinances of that kingdom which had thereto-
fore existed, and substituted the Spanish law in
their stead. " Immediately after which time, "he
adds, " the ancient French laws ceased to exist
in the ceded province, and the laws of Spain be-
came the legal rules both as to persons and prop-
erty; and tiiey so continued until after the ces-
sion of Louisiana to the United States in 1803,
and are still the laws of the States originally em-
braced wiihm the limits ofthat colony, except so
far as they have been changed by subsequent
legislation."
If we concede that under the law of nations the
conqueror, after the conclusion, is bound not to
despoil the vanquished population of their private
property without compensation, there still is no
difficulty in upholding the recent proclamation.
The property m slaves was gone by virtue of the
confiscation act as to those who, by personal trea-
son, or giving aid and comfort to the rebellion,
had become subject to its penalties. The procla-
mation of January 1, 1863, worked the same re-
sult as to the slaves of all other persons in enu-
merated States. And if there was any doubt left
it is the principal merit of the late proclamation
that it removes that doubt; for who can question
that pardon, the restoration of political rights and
of all other forfeited property, is an abundant com-
pensation for the puvation of the claim to prop-
erty m human beings? If theie be any hardship
in the operation of the proclamation upon slave-
holders who have been loyal in sentiment and in
action so far as lay in their power, they have to
attiibute it to those whose rebellion brought on the
war, not to the Government, which, while right-
eously defending its existence, was compelled by
military necessity to involve them in this,as in so
many hardships, which do notand cannot be in-
flicted with any discrimination of the loyal men in
the disloyal States. They may have just claims for
remuneration upon their States. Believing as I do
without the shadow of a doubt that the aggregate
wealth of any State is instantly enhanced by the
abolition of slavery, I regard it an incumbent on
