1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
159
justice of it. There is the case. We have here
a letter written upon a casual proposition in one
of the newspapers, without being read, without
having any connection with the subject-matter,
without knowing how far it goes. Is that opinion
to be brought up here against the deliberate judg-
ment of Senators who are acting upon their official
oath with all the matter before them? 'I hardly
think so. My constituent may be right fiom the
view in which the question presents itself to him,
and yet I think, if he were better advised of the
subject-matter, there is scarcely any one in Ohio,
wUh due deference to the opinion of the Senator
from Massachusetts, who will not agree with me
that this proposed tux is onerous and oppressive
upon the most active and industrious men in the
country.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator still returns to
his original idea. It seems to "hie, if he will allow
me to say so, he misapprehends the bill before us.
We are not discussing a tax bill. We are dis-
cussing a bill relating to tire draft; and we arc
now engaged in perfecting that bill, in devising
such amendments, so far as we can, as to make
that draft equal on the country. There is no
question of a tax anywhere; yet the Senator per-
petually repeats that I am proposing a tax. I
propose no such thing. The existing legislation
lequiiing that our fellow-citizens shall be drafted,
I propose to reinforce for the benefit of the Re-
public by making that system of draft more equal
than it now is in its burdens; and the Senator
tells us that I am proposing a tax. I have already
replied that I propose no tax any more than he
himself proposed a tax, any more than the ori-
ginal bill proposed a tax. I propose to soften
the tax which is imposed by the original bill, if
the Senator from Ohio will peisist in saying that
we aie talking of a tax. I utterly deny the whole
suggestion. It is no question of a tax; it is sim-
ply a question of how a burden onerous, some-
times bitter, often painful and pregnant withdeath,
shall be made, so far as we can, more agreeable,
more equal to the people. That is my single ob-
ject, and I am not to be diverted from that object
by the false cry that I am imposing a tax.
Then theie is another suggestion of the Sena-
tor. lie says that it is unequal in this respect,
inasmuch as it acts only upon persons under a
certain age; but that same argument is good also
onanist the draft itself, which acts only upon per-
sons under a certain age; and as my object is
.simply to soften the draft, I natuialiy make this
commutatioiuvhich I now piopose applicable only
to the draft. The Senator says that there aic cer-
tain petsons advanced m life among our richest
people who would not come under the provisions
of my amendment; but those persons do not come
under the piovisions of the draft. If they wcie
exposed to the draft, they would be exposed to
my amendment; but as they are not exposed to
the draft, they are not exposed to my amendment,
nor should they injustice be exposed to that amend-
ment. The question is a simple one. Itis, whether
in imposing this great buiden*upon the country
you will take into candid consideiation the actual
condition of the persons upon whom it bears, or
whether you will imperiously require from all
alike, rich and poor, one unalteiablc sum. Sir,
I am foi recognizing that inequality of condition 1
which, according to the laws of Providence, ex- I
tsts; and, recognizing that inequality, I would go |
as far as I could with a helping hand to smooth 1
it, to remove it, to make it more easy to be borne.
Mr. DOOLlTTLiE. Mr. President, every citi-
zen owes to fheGoveinment, for itsprotection,not
only his property, but, more than that, his per-
sonal sei vice, if he is able to render it. We have
bills which provide for taxes upon pioperty.
Those bills may be defective, it is true, and may i
need amendment. But, sir, the bill before'us is [
one which calls for the personal service of the citi- ;
zens of the United States in the Army. 'It is a j
call for men to rally atound the flag of the conn- |
try, and every able-bodied man owes that duty ;
and that allegiance. Without going into any '
lengthy remarks on this subject, 1 will state that j
the idea contained in the proposition of the Sena- |
tor from Massachusetts seems to me to be founded |
injustice.- When a person is called upon to render I
his personal service, you propose to give to him
the means of exempting himself fiom that ser-
vice. Now, in pointing out the mode of obtaining,
exemption, will you have no regard whatever to
the condition of the individual who is to be ex-
empted? Will you put the same burden upon the
.rich as upon the poor? That is the question.
This law, as it exists at present, requiring the
payment of the sum of $300 by way of exemp-
tion, operates more hardly and with more severity
upon the poor married man than upon any other
person in the country. The Senator from New
York has suggested that the price of exemption
should be raised to §500. I would not have it
raised to any but the unmarried men of the coun-
try, because unmarried men can more easily raise
this amount of money by pledging their service
or making an agreement to labor in advance than
the poor married man with his family on his hands;
they can more certainly secure an exemption.
1 agree, too, with the Senator from Ohio in one
idea he has expressed, and that is, that the names
of these persons who have paid this money to
obtain substitutes should not be taken altogether
from the rolls. It seems to me, however, that the
idea of the Senator from Vermont is a correct one,
that their names, though retained upon the rolls,
should be retained with the understanding that
they arc not to be drafted again until the whole
draft is exhausted. 1 agree, too, in the confident
belief expressed by the Senator from New York
that we shall not have to be compelled, in fact, to
resort to another draft when we shall have once
filled up the old regiments of the Ainiy by the ad-
dition of the three hundred thousand men now
called for.
I believe, sir, that when the old regiments are
filled up with men whoare to serve for three yeais
they will finish this rebellion, and that it will not
be necessary in fact to make any other draft. At
the same time it is of vast consequence that we
provide by-law that in case of necessity we may
make a diaft, for the moral powerof such a law
clotlnngthe Executive with theauthoiity not only
to use the three hundred thousand who will be
added to the armies now in the field, but giving
to him the power from time to time to call on the
whole thtee millions to reinforce the armies—the
moral power contained in that provision will go
very far toward putting down the rebellion. My
confident belief is that when our present armies
are filled up with recruits to serve not for one year,
nor two years, but for three years, and when we
shall have passed, as in the course of a few months
we mustpass, through a presidential clcction,and
the people of the country shall have decided to
place in the executive chair a Commander-in-
chief of the nimies and the navies who is bound to
pursue the policy of this Government to crush
this rebellion without compromise, the rebellion
will yield, and it will not yield until then.
Mr, President, 1 have said that 1 believed the
idea which is contained in the proposition of the
Senator fiom Massachusetts is a just one. It is
possible he may have made the rate per cent,
higher than is necessary to make this equalization,
but I shall vote with him for the proposition.
Mr. WILSON. The proposition madebymy
colleague is just in its object, but it seems to me
that in the form in which it is presented it ought
certainly to be amended before we vote upon it.
I move to strike out in the twelfth line 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster.)
The Chair will state that this being an amend-
ment to an amendment is not susceptible of being
amended. It may be modified by the mover him-
self, but it is not susceptible of amendment.
Mr. SUMNER, is that rule applicable on a
motion to strike, out the whole clause?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks that a motion to strike out and insert, as
this is, is an amendment, and being an amend-
ment to an amendment, it is not susceptible of
amen d ment.
Mr. WILSON. I cannot say precisely what
the rule is, but it seems to me that we ought to
have the privilege of amending the proposed
amendment, which is in the form of a substitute,
before we vote upon it. At any rate, I will sug-
gest to my colleague the changes which I think
should be made in his proposition. Instead of
saying that this additional tax shall be levied on
incomes of $GOO and over, I think he ought to
limit it to incomes of $1,500 or o\er. It will be
a pretty heavy tax upon a person having an in-
come of £1,000 or $1 ,500 to pay $300. Then I think
that there should be no distinction in the amount
of percentage according to the income. 1 think
the amount proposed is too large. Ten percent*
would be a large taxation. Thirty per cent., on
asum above $5,000 would amount to a great deal.
I do not think that we ought to put those provi-
sions in the bill. If my colleague will propose
a tax of ten per cent, on an income above $1,000 '
or #1,500 the proposition would be-a just and a
fair one, but in its present form it seems to me to
be rather an extravagant proposition.
Mr. SUMNER. Do I understand my colleague
as suggesting that I should strike out $600 and
put in $1,500, and propose a tax of ten percent,
on all above $1,500?
Mr. WILSON. Yes, that would make a pretty
large taxation.
Mr. SUMNER. In this matter I wish to con-
sult the Senate, and, of course, shall be guided
very much by those who I know have given great
attention to thissubject. At the suggestion of my
colleague, I propose to alter my amendment so
that it shall read:
On all incomes over $1,000 and not over$2,000, five per
cent.; on all incomes over $2,000 and not over,*$5,000, ten
per cent.; and on an incomes over f5,000, twenty per cent.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment to the amendment,as mod-
ified by the Senator from Massachusetts, who
moved it, it being within the powerof the mover
to modify his own proposed amendment.
Mr. SUMNER called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, lesulted
—yeas 15, nays 95; as follows:
YEAtf—Messrs. Dixon, DoolitUe, Giimes, Harding, Har-
lan, Howard,Lane of Kansas, Morgan, Pomeioy, Rafnsey,
Simmer. Tiumbull, Wade, Wilkm&on, and WiKon—15.
NAYrt—Mixers. Anthony, Hiovvq, Bucknlcw, Cnrlile,
Chandler, Claik, Collamer, Cowan, Davis^ Fessenden,
Foot, Foster, Hairis, Henderson, Hendricks, Howe, John-
son, Lane ot Indiana, Moinll, Powell, Sherman, Spiajnte,
Ten Kyek, Van Winkle, and Willey—*2.r>.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected; and the question recurred on the amend-
ment reported by the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. WILSON. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out all after the enacting clause
of the proposed section, and inserting the follow-
ing:
That any pci«on enrolled and drafted may pay to such
per-on as the Se< retary of War may designate to receive
jt..5'300 for the procurement of a substitute, and micJi person
so pajiu# §300 for the piocurement of a substitute shall be
exempt Jrom draft until such time a* he shall again become
liable to diait by icason of the exhaustion of the enioll-
rnent (torn which the diaft shall be made, hut such exemp-
tion f-halt not eveood the time for which such person shall
have been drafted : Provided. Thatany married per&onnot
pn-setjsed of-propeity who labors for a hvehhood at some
tiade or occupation, tlie annual income from which does
not exeer<d J^lOO, shall pay $200: JJml jwovuled f uithcr,
That any per-on whose taxable piopeity shall exceed
§10,000, or who may he in receipt of an annual income ex-
ceeding §2,000, shall pay $000.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, one feature of
that amendment has beendebated at considerable
length, and there are two questions upon which
Scnatois seom to be at issue. One is whether the
principle incorporated into the amendment will
exhaust the basis of the draft; the other is whether
we can afford to stand the exhaustion, supposing
that it will, or whether it will enfeeble it, weaken
it, diminish it. As I understood the issue between
the Senator from Ohio and the Senator from Ver-
mont, the former contended that it would reduce
the basis of the draft, and might exhaust it, while
the Senator from Vermont contended, if I under-
stood him aright, that it had no such tendency.
Mr. COLLAMER. I said it could not by pos-
sibility exhaust it; I meant the hiring of substi-
tutes could not exhaust it.
Mr. HOWE. To exhaust the basis of draft,
to exhaust the resources from which a draft can
be made, is injurious to the Government. To tc-
duce it may not be so directly injurious to the
Government, but it is injurious to that portion of
the people liable to draft. Let me suggest the
practical operation of this amendment. Suppose
the whole military reserve borne upon the roil to
be nine hundred thousand; that is to say, the
whole number who can actually be compelled
under the draft to serve in the Army is nine hun-
dred thousand. Suppose a call is made for three
bundled thousand and they are drawn and they
go into the Army, the reserve then is six hundred
thousand; and if another draft is ordered for three
bundled thousand more, every man of the reserve
stands one chance in two of being drawn. That
is the opeiation of it. Now, suppose instead of
