1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
esteem that they have received, as they were enti-
tled to receive, the national gratitude. I move the
reference of the memorial to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
PATENT OFFICE IMPORT.
Mr. MORGAN. The Committee on Printing
have had under consideration a resolution re-
ported from the Committee on Patents and the
Patent Office to print extra copies of the Patent
Office report for the year 1863, and have directed
me to report it with an amendment, and to ask for
ita present consideration.
By unanimous consent the Senate proceeded to
consider the following resolution:
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of tile Senate
five thousand copies of the annualreportof the Patent Of-
fice for the year 1863,
The amendment of the Committee on Printing
was to strike out" five thousand "and insert" ten
thousand."
Mr. SHERMAN. As I offered the original
resolution, I wish to ask if ten thousand is the
Visual number. I supposed five thousand was
the usual number.
Mr. MOIIGAN. Ten thousand is the number
that has heretofore been printed.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then 1 have no objection.
The amendment was a-dopted, and the resolu-
tion, as amended, was agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. NESM1TH. I move to postponed!] prior
orders to take up for consideration the bill (H. R.
No. 412) to authorize the President of the United
States to negotiate with certain Indians of Middle
Oregon for a relinquishment of certain rights se-
cured to them by treaty. %
Mr. HALE. We are near the end of the ses-
sion, and I hope the ordinary course will be pur-
sued. The Committee on Naval Affairs meet
to-morrow morning, and I do not know but that
it will be their last meeting this session. I desire
to introduce a bill to-day for the purpose of ref-
erence to that committee. I am opposed to taking
up bills in the morning hour till we get through
with the morning business.
Mr. HENDRICKS I desire to call up the
pending motion to print a communication from
the War Department and the inclosures touching
the McDowell investigation. The Senator from
Missouri [Mr. Henderson] introduced the reso-
lution calling for those papers, and he desires to
have them printed. He is not able to be here,
and probably will not be able to take his seat
again during the session. 1 wish therefore to
call up that motion, and insist upon a vote on the
printing of the document.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
befoie the Senate is the motion of the Senator
from Oregon to proceed to the consideration of
the bill indicated by him.
Mr. HENDR.1CKS. Will nottheSenator yield
to me for the purpose of having the papers
printed?
Mr. NESMITH. Letthebillbe taken up first.
Mr. HALE. I simply wish to say that J want
to go through with the morning: business. I want
the privilege of introducing a bill in the morning
hour. If f do not get it in this morning it will be
too late. I hope the regular order will be pre-
served. I call for the yeas and nays on this mo-
tion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ANTHONY. I wish to know if this bill
is going to create debate.
Mr. NESMITH. I think not. It is a very
brief bill, which has been passed by the House of
Representatives, and only requires the sanction
of the Senate. I will say to the Senator from New
Hampshire that Oregon has occupied but asmall
portion of the time of the Senate during this ses-
sion. This bill is of a good deal of importance to
■ us, and I am very anxious to get it through. It
would have been passed doubtless before this time
if the Senate had taken it up when I made my mo-
tion.
Mr. HOWE, Why can we not take up the
bill of the Senator from Oregon, arid then, by
unanimous consent, allow the hill of the Senator
from New Hampshire to be introduced?
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 31, nays 5; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Oarliln. Clark, Cow-
an, Dixon, Dofilitile, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Harlan, Harris,
Hendricks, Hicks, Howe, Johnson, Lane of Indiana, Mc-
Dougatf, Morgan, Nesmith, Potneroy, Powell, Richardson,
Kiddie, Saulsbury, Sheiman, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Wade,
Wiliey, and Wflson—31.
NAVS—Messrs. Chandler, Davis, Hale, Ramsey, and
Trumbull—5.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cuckalew, Collamer, Conness, Fes-
senden, Harding, Hendeison, Howard, Lane of Kansas,
Moinll, Spi ague, Van Winkle,Wilkinson, and Wright—13.
So the motion was agreed to.
MONARCHICAL GOVERNMENTS IN AMERICA.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Before the bill of the
Senator from Oregon is proceeded with, I wish
to offer a resolution for the purpose, not of pres-
ent consideration, but that it may lie on the table
to be called up hereafter.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimons consent. The Chair hears no objec-
tion.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the people of the United States can
never regard with indifference the attempt of any Euro-
pean Power to overthrow by force or to supplant by fraud
the institutions of any lepublican Govermnenton the west-
ern continent, and they will view with extreme jealousy, as
menacing to the peace and independence of their own coun-
try, the efforts of any such Power to obtain new footholds
for monarchical Governments sustained by foreign military
force In near proximity to the United States.
Mr. SUMNER. Let it lie on the table.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The resolu-
tian will lie over.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Debate is not
in order.
Mr. DIXON. I have objected.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I am not about to de-
bale. I claim the privilege of saying to the Pres-
ident, and through him to the Senate, that I have
introduced this resolution, which is the same res-
olution adopted at Baltimore, and that I propose
to call it from the table at the earliest possible
day, and see whether gentlemen on the opposite
side of the Senate will indorse the views of their
convention.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not know whether a
record of it was made, but I understood the Sen-
ator from Connecticut to object to the reception
of the resolution of the Senator from California.
Mr. DIXON. I did.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
did not bear the objection.
Mr. DIXON. The Chair did not hear me,
but I objected before the resolution was read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
did not hear the objection.
RECIPROCITY TIUSATY.
Mr. RAMSEY. With the consent of the Sen-
ator from Oregon, I wish to offer a resolution,
and I ask for its present consideration:
Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign llelationsare
hereby instincted to consider and repoitupon the expe-
diency of extending the provisions of the treaty between
the United States and Great Britain of June 5, 1854, com-
monly known as the reciprocity treaty, to central British
America or the distncts northwest of Minnesota hitherto
deseribed as the Belkirk settlement and tile territory of the
Hudson's Bay Company.
Mr. GRIMES. I have no objection to the con-
sideration of the resolution, but when it is con-
sidered, I wish to amend it so as to direct the
committee to take into consideration the propri-
ety of abolishing the treaty entirely.
Mr. POMEROY. I object to the consideration
of the resolution if it is to give rise to debate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The resolu-
tion will lie over.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
i by Mr. McPherson, Us Clerk, announced that
1 the House had passed the bill (S. No. 138) to
regulate proceedings between landlord and tenant
in the District of Columbia, with amendments; m
which the concurrence of the Senate was re-
quested.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills and joint resolu-
tion:
A bill (H. R. No. 545) to amend an act entitled
"An act to provide for the paymentof horsesand
other property destroyed in the military service
of the United States;"
A bill (II. R. No. 546) to regulate the rank,
pay, and emoluments of veterinary surgeons of
cavalry regiments;
A bill (H. R. No. 548) to provide for the relief
of James Lindsay; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No.'23) for the relief
of the officers of the fourth and fifth 'Indian regi-
ments. ,
OREGON INDIANS*
Mr. NESMITH. I ask now for action upon
the bill called up on my motion.
TheSenate.as in Committee of the Whole, pro'-,
ceeded to consider the bill (H.R. No. 449) to au-
thorize the President of the United States to ne-
gotiate with certain Indians ofMiddle Oregon for
a relinquishment of certain rights secured to them
by treaty.
The Committee on Indian Affairs proposed to
amend the bill so as to insert aftertKe date ofthe
treaty referred to the words " by which they are
permitted to fish, hunt, gather roots and berries,
and pasture stock in common with citizens ofthe
United States upon the lands and territories ofthe
United States outside their reservation, arid to
defray the expense of said treaty and to pay saii
Indians for the relinquishment ofBftid rights."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in. The
amendment was ordered to be engrossed, and the
biii to be read a third time. The bill was read
the third time, and
MONARCHICAL GOVERNMENTS IN AMERICA.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The- Chair
desires the opinion of the Senate upon the recep-
tion ofthe resolution offered by the Senator from
California. The Chair did not hear any objec-
tion at the time, but he understands nowlhatob-
jection was made, and the question which the
Chair desires to submit to the Senate is, shall the
resolution be received ?
Mr. McDOUGALL. I understand the Presi-
dent to refer to the resolution which I introduced.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Yes, sir.
Mr. McDOUGALL. It was settled at the time,
and I insist that it was properly settled, and
when once settled it cannot be unsettled by any
after consideration.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will submit the question to the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire (o understand
what the question submitted is. What is the ob-
jection to the reception of the resolution?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The resolu-
tion was out of order at the time, and could not
he received but by unanimous consent. The
Chair is informed that the Senator from Connecti-
cut mide an objection, though the Chair did not
understand it, and allowed the resolution to come
in and be read, and after it was read the Senator
from Connecticut stated that he had made an ob-
jection.
Mr. McDOUGALL. How long afterwards?
Mr. DIXON. I stated it the moment I could
get the floor. I could not interrupt the Secretary
in reading the resolution, but I stated at once to
the Chair that I had previously objected. I was
heard by several Senators around me.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That being the state of
the case, and the resolution being receivable only
by unanimous consent, as it seems, and as I un-
derstand no action is asked for upon it, and as
we are in the habit of giving unanimous consent
almost every day for the reception of resolutions,
I hope my friend from Connecticut wiii let the
resolution be received and lie on the table. The
Chair, it seems, did not hear the objection at the
moment.
Mr. DIXON. I objected for a reason. I am
opposed to the resolution, to everything of the
kind, to any action upon it, and I shall always
object whenever I can to anything of that sort. I
consider it injurious to the public interests.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Con-
necticut is just as well aware as I am that he can-
not object so as to prevent its being received. The
Senator from California gives notice of it to-day,
and then he will have a right to offer it to-mor-
row, and the Senator from Connecticut cannot
help it. I hope he will not persist in objecting
to receiving the resolution when the only effect is
to take up time.
Mr. DIXON. At this time I hare a right to
object. What may be the case in the future I
do not know.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I should like to under-
