8158
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 22,
stand the law for the conduct of business in the
Senate. There should be a law about it. There
should be at least in the Senate a rule of busi-
ness. I asked the consent of the Senate for the
introduction of a resolution, stating that I did not
propose to consider it to-day, but to lay it upon
the table for future consideration. No one ob-
jecting within the reach of the ear of the Presi-
dent, the President announced that there being no
objection the resolution was received. I say that
is a final judgment from which there is no appeal
if there is any law or any rule governing our
business. I did not hear the Senator from Con-
necticut object. If I had heard him, I should
have recognized and yielded to his right.
Mr. POWELL. Will the Senator from Cali-
fornia allow me to say one word? If my mem-
ory is not greatly at fault, two or three days ago
the Senator from California offered this resolu-
tion. It was objected to, and he then notified
the Senate that he would at a future day offer it.
yhat being the case, I do not think one objection
will lay it over now, but he has a right to offer it
under the rule.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair is
of opinion that that does not alter the case at all.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I insist on this proposi-
tion, that a conclusion having been announced,
no objection being audible enough to reach the
eta ot the President, and the resolution having
been read, that is the end of that piece of busi-
ness so fin* as its being before the Seriate and sub-
ject to the Senate's consideration is concerned.
1 know upon principle that I cannot be wrong.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will take the sense of the Senate under the 6th
rule. The question is,44 Shall the resolution be
received ?"
Th« question being put, the resolution was
received.
REPEAL OB' FUGITIVE SLAVE LAW.
Mr.SUMNER. I now move that the Senate
proceed with the consideration of the bill (H. II.
No. 512) to repeal the fugitive slave act of 18o0,
ami ail acts and parts of acts for tiie rendition of
fugitive slaves.
Mr. HALE. I gave notice several days since
that at this time I should ask the Senate to con-
sider bills reported fiom the Committee on Naval
Affairs, and I hope the Senate will give me that
privilege now. I should like also, if I can have
it by light or by favor or in any way, to be al-
lowed to introduce a bill for the purpose of hav-
ing it referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs
to be considered by that committee at their next
meeting.
Mr. SUMNER. When this bill is taken up
there will be no objection to allowing that to be
done.
Mr. HALE. I do not choose to ask as a favor
what I think is my right. I object to this mo-
tion, and I call for the yeas and nays.
Tiie yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Before the vote is called
I desire to say that I have agreed with the Senator
from Minnesota [Mr. Wilkinson] to pair off with
him on all questions in regard to the bill repealing
the fugitive slave law. The Senator from Min-
nesota favors the bill as it is; I am opposed to it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 14, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—Me&srs. Chundler, Clark, Dixon, Foot, Grimes,
Harlan, Harris, Lane of Kansas, Morgan, Mori ill, Pomeroy,
Sumner, Wade, and Wilson—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Carlile, Cowan,
Davis, Doohttle, Foster, Hale, Howe, Johnson, Lane of
Indiana, McDougall, Nesmuh, Powell, Ramsey, Richard-
son, Riddle, S.iutabuiy, Sherman, Ten Eyck, Trumbull,
ami YViilej—23. '
ABSENT—Messrs- Brown, Collamer, Conness. Fcssen-
den, Harding, Henderson, Hendricks, Hicks, 'Howard,
bprague, Van Winkle, Wilkinson,and Wright—13.
So the motion was not agreed to.
MILITARY INTERFERENCE WITH ELECTIONS.
Mr. POWELL. I move to take up the bill
(S. No. 37) to prevent officers of the Army and
Navy and other persons engaged in the military
and naval service of the United States from in-
terfering in elections in the States. I will state
to the Senate that it is not my purpose to debate
the bill; I wish to have a few amendments made
to it, and tlum to have the vote taken.
Mr. TRUMBULL, AstheScnatorfromKen-
tucky is very persistent about that bill, I hope,
if it is not to be discussed, that the Senate will
take it up and vote on it and be done with it.
The motion was agreed to; and the^consideration
of the bill was resumed as m Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. POWELL. I move to amend the bill by
inserting after the word "America," in line nine
of section one, the words " unless it shall be ne-
cessary to repel the armed enemies of the United
States;" so as to make it read:
That it shall not be lawful for any military or naval offi-
cer of the United States, or other person engaged in the
civil, military, or naval service of the United States, to
order, bring, keep, or have under his authority or control,
any troops or armed men within one mile of the place
where any general or special election is held in any State
of the United .States of America, unless it shall be neces-
sary to repel the armed enemies of the United States.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Manifestly that will not
do, because in cities how are you going to determ-
ine that? A military force is stationed in a city.
Your etection precincts are all through the city.
You do not put the armed force there for that
purpose.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr.POWELL. Inline twenty«two ofthe same
section I propose to strike out after the word
" fine" the words " of not less than $200, and;"
and to strike out "twenty" in line twenty-
three, and insert " five;" and in line twenty-five
to strike out "two years" and insert "three
months," and to strike out " twenty" andinsert
"five;" so as to read, " and on conviction thereof
shall pay a fine of not exceeding $5,000, and suf-
fer impnsonmentin the penitentiary notless than
three months nor more than five years, at the
discretion of the court trying the same." This
is to lessen the penalty.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POWELL. In section two, linenineteen,
I move to strike out" twenty" and insert "five."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the question was stated to be on concurring
in the amendments made as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. POMEROY. I wish to except the amend-
ment which the Senator from Kentucky put in
in reference to having the troops stationed a mile
from the polls.
Mr. POWELL. The amendment says noth-
ing about troops being a mile from the polls.
Mr. WADE. I wish to inquire whether this
bill has been before the Committee on the Judi-
ciary. It seems to be a bill eminently proper to
be reviewed by that committee before it comes
before the Senate.
Mr. POWELL. It has not been before that
committee. I desired to have it sent to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary in the first place, but the
Senate by a vote on the yeas and nays refused
to send it to that committee, and referred it to the
Committee on Military Affairs, which made an
adverse report upon it.
Mr. WADE. I move that the bill be referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. POWELL. I hope that motion will not
prevail. I tried to get it to that committee, but
the Senate refused to send it there. To refer it
now will prevent a vote upon it at this session.
The Senate voted me down on my motion to refer
it to the Committee on the Judiciary, and sent it
to another committee who reported, and it has
been discusscd, and 1 think we had better vote
upon it.
Air. HOWARD. This bill was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs at an early period
of the session; it there underwent a pretty full and
thorough examination, and the committee re-
ported back to the Senate a mass of facts connect-
ed with the bill and recommended that the bill do
not pass. The bill, however, was called up by
the honorable Senator from Kentucky, I do not
exactly remember when; but at any rate he con-
sumed the best part of two days in discussing the
merits of the bill and urging his reasons, some of
them certainly, why it should pass, and indulging
in a very general and as I think a very unjust
course of criticism upon the Administration, the
President and the military men included, in rela-
tion to their alleged interference with elections in
the States. I endeavored to reply to the honora-
ble Senator from Kentucky at a subsequent day,
and I occupied the best part I believe of two ses-
sions of the Senate in my reply. I was followed
by the honorable Senator from Delaware who, if
my memory serves me,also occupied the best part
of two days in the discussion. I merely state this
as the chronological history of the bill and the
discussions thereof. I do not think that I shall
be able to add anythingto what 1 have already said
on this subject, and 1 rise merely to say in all
brevity that the great object of this bill appears
to be to prevent the Army of the United States,
from giving battle to the enemyat any place with-
in the circle of one mile around a place of elec-
tion. If this bill shall pass, it will be a penal of-
fense for the Presidentof the United States orany
general in command of the Army to have a battle
with the rebels at any place within the circle of
one mile around the place of an election. It is in
short, sir, as I view it, an effort to make the poll
in a border State the sanctuary of traitors and the
sanctuary of men who are not entitled to vote,
and to make it penal for the authorities of the
United States to treat rebels, even open rebels, as
enemies of the United States, by seizingand ar-
resting them and keeping them away from the
polls—a right which it is as much the duty of this
Government to exercise as it is or as it ever has
been to combat even the foreign enemies of the
United States. I do not wish, sir, however, to
spend any more time on this bill, and I hope we
shall take a vote on it at present.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President 
Mr. POWELL. I hope the Senator from Ohio
will allow me to say a single word.
Mr. WADE. I have only one word to say.
I find this bill has been discussed, 1 had forgotten
the discussion of this subject at an early part of
the session, but it has been discussed, and, as
it now appears, considered by a committee. I
therefore withdraw my motion to refer it to the
Judiciary Committee.
Mr. POWELL. I only wish to say a single
word. The Senator from Michigan says that if
this bill passes you cannot fight an enemy in
arms against the United States within one mile of
a place where an election is going on, on the day
of election. The honorable Senator is mistaken,
for an amendment I have just proposed obviates
a]I that. The section, as corrected, reads, "It
shall not be lawful for any military or naval offi-
cer, &c., to bring, keep, or have under his au-
thority or control, any troops or armed men with-
in one mile of the place where any general or
special election is held in any State of the United
States of America, unless it shall be necessary to
repel the armed enemies of the United States."
.So that if there are armed enemies there, the
troops of the United States can go and fight them
on an election day as well as any other day.
There is nothing to prevent any soldier voting in
his proper precinct. -
Mr. HOWARD. I was not aware of the very
insufficient and incomplete amendment which the
honorable Senator from Kentucky has offered to
the bill until this moment. Owing to the noise
in the Hall, or from some other reason, I did not
catch his voice; that amendment, however, by-
no means makes the bill acceptable to mc, nor
does it cure the very evil which I alluded to.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, when this
bill was before the Senate at an earlier stage of
our session, and of course after the report from
the Military Committee had been made and laid
upon our tables, and the honorable member from
Michigan had made a very elaborate, and, as is
the case with all his speeches, able speech m sup-
port of that report, I procured, with the consent
of the Senate, permission to be heard on the sub-
ject on a subsequent day. It was my purpose
at that time to avail myself of that permission;
but the period of the session is now so near Us
close that I shall forbear from addressing the
Senate at large.
Besides the general interest which the subject
presented and upon which I desired to be heard,
theie was in the report made by the honorable
member from Michigan what I considered as
rather a reflection upon myself; and, if he will
permit me to say so, rather an unparliamentary
reflection, and a reflection upon the Governor of
my State, whose loyalty i know; it has been
tested by every testby which loyalty can be tried;
and I proposed to address the Senate in his de-
fense mainly, though partly in defense of myself.
The part of the report which affects me person-
