1206
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mareli 21,
the community which receives the benefit to com-
; pensate those, if any, at whose expense it has
been attained, and who, as guiltless of complicity
with the rebellion, may be m a position to demand
it. The scheme of the proclamation is to give
into the hands of such men the reorganized State
governments, and thus to enable them to do jus-
tice to themselves. "What more can be asked in
thoir behalf?
Vattel, who is regarded as among the most hu-
mane and amiable of the great writers on the law
of nations, makes a just distinction between the
mode of treating the inhabitants of a country sub-
dued in a war that was not of their seeking, but
forced upon them by their sovereign, and that may
, properly be applied where the people are them-
selves responsible for the war, which is the case
of the rebels. " In this case," lie says, " the con-
queror may with justice lay burdens on the con-
qnered, both as a compensation for the expenses
of the war and as a penalty. He may,according
to the degree of indocility, govern them with firm-
ness and vigor, for dispiriting and weakening
them, and if necessary keep them some time in a state
of slavery."
After stating that this should endure no longer
than the defense and safety of the victor require
it, Vattel refers lo (he obligation in conscience to
restore the booty recovered from an enemy to a
third party who had been deprived of it in an un-
just war. lie declares—
l4The obligation is more certain and more extensive with
regard tofi people whom our enemy Iiudunjustly oppressed.
For a people thus spoiled of its liberty never departs from
the hope of recovering it, if not voluntarily incorporated
with the conquering State. If it has not freely as-i^ed
against us in the war, the use we are to make of our vic-
tory is not that it shall only come under a new master, but
its chains shall be broken. To deliver an oppiosped people
is a noble fmit of victory, and thus to acquire a faithful
friend is a gieat gain."
Can any language more faithfully describe the
condition of the blacks, or our interests, our rights,
and our duties in regard to them ?
it is in the light of these plain principles,which
recognize farts as they exist in their outiageous
verity, and do not insist that a thing is invisible
because it ought not to be seen} that the dismem-
beiment of Virginia and the erection of the new
Statu of West Virginia will finally be justified and
maintained. How much wiser and safer is it to
stand on obvious truths that plain people can
understand than to pile fiction upon fiction and
crown the baseless fabric with two Senators af-
fecting to repiesent that pnitof theOid Dominion
which is still unsubdued, and giving them the
same power to resist the action of this House
which is wielded by the great and loyal Slate of
New York.
t think it is nowapparent (hat this Government
possesses more extensive powers in respect to
the revolted States than all that ate asserted in
the late proclamation. Whether they are vested
in the President alone, whether he is not required
to exercise them in subordination to the diiection
of Congress, are other questions. I'do not in-
tend to surrender one jot of the legitimate au-
thority of Congress, but. while conceding away
none of its privileges, 1 will accept the initiative
of the President so far as he proposes measures
which my judgment approves, and will support
it by statute. { am ready, therefore, now to say
in what respect I think tne plan of the proclama-
tion may be improved.
{n the first place it seems to me an error to
make the preset ibed oath to abide by and support
the proclamations of emancipation contingent in
any way upon a future decision of the Supreme
Courtiu respect to their validity. The effect must
be fo tempt if not invite persons to take the oath
and thus to restore themselves the rights of citi-
zens, who are still bitterly opposed to the policy
of emancipation, and who rely for defeating it
upon a decision which they will assuredly labor
to obtain. There was not the least necessity for
qualifying the oath with this condition. The right
to exact it rests simply on the power to inflict the
extreme penalties of treason, or military.execu-
tion upon thoaewho decline the termsof amnesty.
It is very plain that a man may by his own con-
sent waive a right secured to him by the Consti-
tution or laws. So far as I know there is no such
penalty as banishment prescribed by the criminal
code of any of the States. But it is a familiar
practice to pardon offenders upon condition that
they banish themselves from the State, or from
the United States, and the moment the condition
is broken, the original sentence revives and is car-
ried into execution. If, then, the President en-
tertained a suspicion that by possibility his proc-
lamations abolishing slavery might be void, he
might have seized the occasion to put the ques-
tion at rest by extoiting the unqualified consent
of the slaveholders who accept the amnesty. It
is in their power to emancipate those whom they
claim as slaves, whether it was in the President's
power or not. He could have obtained their rat-
ification, and thus foreclosed all possible contro-
versy. Doubtless this, as a part of the pardoning
power, is a prerogative which we cannot control.
For simitar reasons I regret the intimation that
"a temporary arrangement" in relation to the
freed people will not be objectionable to the na-
tional Executive. This is liable to be construed
as suggesting some such system of apprenticeship
as that by which the British Government preceded
complete emancipation in its West India colonies.
Their experience is anything but favorable to such
an experiment. It proved that a transitionary
state was worse both for the employer and the
laborer than the absolute freedom of the latter.
It only protracted dissatisfaction, restless uneasi-
ness, sloth, wont of enterprise, and poverty on
the part of both." 1 am not prepared to say that
I look with favor on the plan of suddenly reor-
ganizing the State governments under the control
of a small fraction of the people. If the one tenth
to whom the powers of government are to be com-
mitted are really loyal men, it will be found that
they have grievous wrongs to avenge suffered at
the hands of their disloyal neighbors. All history
teaches us that such governments are inclined to
do justice with small mixture of meicy. It has
passed into a proverb that restorations are vin-
dictive.
If, on the oilier hand, which I apprehend is the
more probable supposition, a majority of those
who qualify themselves as electois sh.U^boof the
other class, dyed deep in voluntary treason, and
submitting only for the sake of immunity from
its penalties, then ! ask why should we be in
haste to commit the State governments to them?
Why should we huiry to invite such Senators as
they will send into tin* other Chamber?
Sir, I hold it best for all parlies to continue the
military government so Jong as there is a neces-
sity for nnlitmy occupation. If there is to be a
government which requires the support of garri-
sons, let it he our own Govern merit, and not those
of a so-called State, propped on the bayonets of
soidieis from beyond itsbordeis. There is not a
doubt of our authority to continue it after the
formal restoration of peace. Tins question has
also been conclusively settled by the unanimous
decision of the Supreme Couit m the case of
Cross vs. Harrison, (10 Howard's R., page 164.)
The action was for the letuin uf dutx s on goods
imported into San Fiancisco after the treaty of
p< ace, by which lNcw Mexico became a Territory
of the United Stales. The duties weie collected
under a toril^" prescribed first by Commodore
Shubrick, and afterwards modified by Colonel
Mason, signing himself u Colonel of first dragoons,
and Governor <^f Cahfoi nia," and attesting the act
by the additional signature of u H. W. 1 [alieck,
lieutenant of engineers, and secretary of Stale."
These gentlemen had organized and administered
a civil goveianient. Of this the Supreme CouU
say ;
"The I'nvcriiitirniof v\hi<*h Colonel "U.i^on w;i^ the e\
ocutive had in on iti in the teammate excrete of a belhcjcr-
ent us'it over a conquered tenitorv.1' x * * «•
" ft the tfovemmeni when the teirit-uy was ceded as
a conquest, and it did not coate a- u mntfei of comnr.h
n necisfvtiy con^cqiicncc of the lobulation ot peace.'5
After ritingtwo eailier eases m confnmation of
the doctrine, the com t s,\y:
" Our eonolit-ion is that the civil government of Cah-
foi ma, oissani/ed as it was from a jijrht of conquest, did not
ci ase or become dctunct in consequence of the .sipinuuic
of th« tiecuy of peace oi riom iH unification. We think it
was continued ovei a ceded conquest without any violation
of the Constitution or taw^ of the United State-?, and that
ur.tiI Congress Icghlatolfor it the duties on loieisn goods
were letraliy demanded and Jawtully received hy Mr. Har-
rison, the collector of ^lie port," (appointed by Governor
Mas-on.)
This, sir, establishes our right under the Con-
stitution to continue a civil government instituted
by military authority, until Congress, .in its dis-
cretion, deems it wise to ordairt a new frame of
government. Wc may then construct territorial
governments, giving to such of the inhabitants
as may be safely trusted with the elective fran-
chise the power of domestic legislation, subject
to the veto of Congress, and the right to be heard
on this floor by delegates. This is more than
would be granted by any other nation in the world.
It is more than Great Britain allows to her colo-
nics that have never rebelled. When, in addition
to this, we are asked to restore revolted States
and their inhabitants to that power of governing
us which, after exercising for sixty years, they
threw away—rejected only because they saw that
the time had come when the free States were de-
termined to exercise their proper share in the
Government—I,for one, demur. I would retain
at least a negative upon their legislation for their
inteinal concerns until time has soothed the ani-
mosities of the struggle and they can be trusted
to deal righteously and kindly with each other.
And before I ask their aid in governing me and
my constituents, in our national relations, I shall
take time to be assured that not a small fraction
but the great majority of them have got to such
a frame of mind, and have so molded their pol-
icy, that there shall be no conflict of interests or
feeling to generate fresh controversy. If this be
regarded as a punishment it is the most trifling
evei inflicted for so great a crime. Think of it,
and see how wide is the difference between a victor,
whose sovereignty is absolute, who "mayeither
admit the vanquished to the rights of subjects or
banish them, as enemies,from the country,"and
allowing the vanquished to enjoy the capacity of
self-government, and the stretch of generosity
which invites him to govern the victor.
I have been candid and free in stating my ob-
jections to the plan proposed by the Piesident.
[ have the less hesitation in doing so, because I
honor the frankness afld integrity with which he
states his difficulties, and invites the proposal of
amendments. No man in the course of time has
boon invested with such tremendous responsibili-
ties; no man has discharged himself of his great
office with such universal confidence m the honesty
of his purposes and disinterested devotion to the
public good. I shall give him my cordial support
in the general features of his plan, i f Congress shall
disagree with me as to the ob jections which present
themselves. If not thebestthatcould be proposed,
it has at least the merit of being extremely gener-
ous to our deluded brethren, amply warranted by
the law of nations, and tendering terms of pacifica-
tion which secure to ourselves much less than we
mightjustly require. We are strong enough to
abate something of our legitimate rights, confi-
dent enough of our future to put something at
risk, and while I cannot counsel, I may concur
in supporting the proclamation as it is.
Mr. STILES moved that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker/iro tem-
pore having resumed the chair, Mr. Boutwi:ll
reported that the Committee, of the Whole on the
state ofthe Union had had under consideration the
Union generally, and particularly the annual mes-
sage of the President of the United States, and
had come to no conclusion thereon.
And then, on motion of Mr. DAWES, (at ten
minutes after thiee o'clock, p. m.,) the House
adjourned till Monday.
IN SENATE.
Monday, March 21, 18(54.
Piayoi by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. ScX'dcrland.
The Journal of Fiiday last was read and ap-
proved.
EXECUTIVE CO MM UNIO ATIOX,
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Ben-
ate a report of the Secietary of War, communi-
cating, in compliance with a resolution of the Sen-
ate of the 8th of February, information in relation
to orders to the provost marshals in the States of
Kentucky, Delaware, Missouri, and Maryland,
concerning elections in those States; winch, on mo-
tion of Mr. Poweli., was ordered to lie on the
table, and be printed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. GRIMES presented a memorial of the Le-
gisiatiue of Iowa in favor of the construction of
a military and wagon road from some point on
the weyt side of the Missouri river at or near the
