18B4.
THE CONGRESSIONAL <JLOBE.
mouth of the Niobrara river, in Nebraska Ter-
ritory, to Gallatin, in Idaho Territory; which was
referred to the Committee on Territories.
Mr. NESMITH presented the petition of J.
H. Rogers and others, citizens of Oregon, pray-
ing for the establishment of a mail route from
Rosehnrg to PortOrford, in thatState; which was
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads. f.
Mr. HOWE presented a memorial of the Le-
gislature of the State of Wisconsin in favor of
the establishment of a mail route from the city of
Fond-du-Lac, in the county of Fond-du-Lac, to
Stockbridge, in the county of Calumet; which
was referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads,and ordered to be printed.
He also presented « memorial of the Legisla-
ture of Wisconsin in favor of causing all the un~
Surveyed lands in that State to be surveyed and
brought into.market at the earliest day practica-
ble; whi<Jh was referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands?, and ordered to be printed.
He also presented a memorial of the Chamber
of Commerce of the city of Milwaukee, "Wiscon-
sin, piayingfor the passage of a general bankrupt
law; which was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. CLARK presented a memorial of the offi-
cers of the northern railroad of New Hampshire,
remonstrating against the extension of Good-
year's patent, for the manufacture of vulcanized
India rubber; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. SUMNER presented a memorial of the
president and directors of the Lowell and Law-
rence Railroad Company, and the president and
directors of the Salem and Lowell Railroad Com-
pany, remonstrating against the extension of the
patent of Charles Goodyear for the manufacture
of vulcanized India rubber; which was referred to
the Committee on Patents and the Patent Office.
£le also presented six petitions of citizens of
New Bedford, Massachusetts, praying for in-
creased railroad facilities between the cities of
New York and Philadelphia; which were referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
Mr. SUMNER. I also present a petition whieh
comes fromPoUHudson, Louisiana. It is signed
by the officers of the- United States volunteer
army now holding positions in the colored mili-
tary organizations in Louisiana'. They respect-
fully petition Congress to exercise at the earliest
possible moment its constitutional powers for the
immediate abolition of slavery throughout the
United States, and the advancement of colored
men to all the civil and political rights now en-
Joyed by white men. I move its reference to the
committee on slavery and Aeedmen.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY presented the petition ofC. C.
Hutchinson, United Stat'es Indian agent, praying
-for indemnity for tfifc loss of a Treasury draft,
asvhich was lost in the destruction of the Lawrence
Bank, at Lawrence, Kansas, by Q.uantrill's band
in August last; which was referred to the Com-
mittee oh Claims.
MrvMORGAN presented three petitions of citi-
zens ofNewYork,praying for increased railroad
facilities between the cities uf New Yotk and
PlnlajJ-elphia; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
PArEIiS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. FOOT, it was
Oulered, That Geoig'! I'a«i; have leave to wlthdiaw his
tjetitimi and oilier papi.'i& fiom the files of the benato.
REPORTS S" 11031 COMMITTEES.
Mr. FESSENDEX, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was- referred the bill (H. R.
No. 151) making appiopriations for the navo^l
service for the year ending June 30,18G5, reported
it with amendments.
He ahso, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S.No. 176) authorizing the
erection of buildings for the branch mint at San
Francisco, reported it without amendment.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee oil Mili-
taiy Affairs and the Militia, to whom was re-
ferred the bill (S>. No. 175) in relation to deseiters
from the military service of the United States,
repotted it without amendment.
Mr. HOWARD, fiom the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was re-
ferred the bill (S.No. 173)to organize theiimitid
corps of the Army, reported it with amendments.
Mr. HOWE. The Committee on Finance, to
whom was referred a bill (S. No. 33) providing
for the establishment of a branch mint ofihe Uni-
ted States at Portland, Oregon, have instructed me
to report back the bill, and ask to be discharged
from its further consideration. %
The report was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. The same committee have also
instructed me to report in lieu of that a bill (S. No.
185) to establish assay offices at Carson City, in
the Territory of Nevada, and at Dalles City, in
the State of Oregon, and for other purposes.
The bill was read, and passed to a secpnd read-
ing.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. HARDING asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.No.
]SI) in reference to donation claims in Oregon and
Washington; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, asked, and by unan-
imous consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 182) to amend an act entitled "An act for
a grant of lands to the State of Kansas in alter-'
nate sections, to aid in the construction of certain
railroads and telegraphs in said State;" which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CLARK asked, an(I by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
183) in amendment of an act entitled " An act re-
lating to foreign coins and the coinage of cents at
the Mint of the United States," approved Feb-
ruary 21, 1857, which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. CLARK subsequently said: The Com-
mittee on Finance, to whom was referied a bill
(S. No. 183) in amendment of an act entitled " An
act relatmg'to foreign coins and the coinage of
cents at the Mint of the United States," approved
February 21, 1857, have instructed me to report
it back with a recommendation that it pass. I
desire to have it piiuted as early as possible, as I
wish t.o call it up in the morning for passage.
Mr. GRIMES asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
184) to amend an act entitled "An act to define
the powers and duties of the levy court of the
county of Washington, District of Columbia, in
regard to roads, and for other purposes, "approved
March 3,1863; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, in pursuance of previ-
ous notice, asked and obtained leave to introduce
a bill (S. No. 186) for the relief of the Peorias,
Piankeshaws, Kaskaskins, and Wea Indians of
Kansas; whieh -tfas read twice by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee oil Indian Affairs.
POST UOUTIS IN KANSAS.
Mr. LANE, uftKansas, submitted the follow-
ing resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:-
Resolved, Thatth" Committee on Post Officii* and Post
1?oad-s be in*tuicted to inquue into the expediency of de-
flating the load fiom Leavenwoitll city, via Grasshopper
Falls and lloulton, to Fort Itiley, a po t route.
BRIDGE IN KANSAS.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, submitted the follow-
ing resolution; which .was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to: *
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of making an appro-
priation tor the erosion of a budge across tin1 Republican
foikof the Kansas riverwhere the military road crosses the
same between Fort itiley and Junction City.
PORT OF ENTRY IN KANSAS.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, submitted the follow-
ing resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce he instructed
to inquire into the expediency ot declaring the city of .Leav-
enwonh, in the State*of Kansas, a port ot entry.
MAIL ROUTE IN OREGON.
'Mr. NESMITH submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
,, sent, and agreed to:
U Rcsolvcdf That the Committee on Post Offices and Post
I Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of estab-
ii Mungamail route from Roseburg, via Ten Mile Creek,
Camas Valley, junction of middle and south forks, of
quilie, Lenherris Prairie, and Sixes Mines.xo Port -Orford,
Oregon, -
aPAY, AND PENSION OF -CHAPLAINS, _
A message was received from the House of Rep- .
resentatives, by Mr. McPherscust* its -Clerk, re-
turning to the Senate, agreeably to its. request*
the bill (H. E. No. 302) toatoena section m$e Qt
the act approved July 17,1862, entitled "Alt act
to define the pay and emoluments of certain
of the Army, and for'other purposes," with the
amendments of th$ Senate thereto.
On motion of Mr. FOSTER,, it was
Ordered, That the Secretary eause the error in the ea- *
grossment of the amendments of the Senate to the biU of
the House (No. 302) to amend section nine of the act ap- •
proved July 17,1862, entitled "An act to define the pay 0
and emoluments of certain officers of the Army, and'for
other purposes," to be corrected, and that he return the
said bill and amendments to the House of Representatives
for its concurrence therein.
MILITARY INTERFERENCE WITH ELECTIONS. *
Mr. HOWARD. If it be in order, I move to
take upf the bill (S. No. 37) 'to prevent officers of
the Afmy and Navy, and other persons engage!
in the military and naval service of the United
States, from interfering in elections in the States,
for the purpose of making it the special order of
the day for to-morrow at one o'clock.
The motion to take up the bill was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. I now move that it be made
the special order of the day for'to-morrow atone
o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
.ENLISTMENTS IN THE ARMY.
Mr. WILSON. If there be no farther morn-
ing business, I move that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of Senate bill No. 41.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill (S. No. 41) to promote enlist-
ments in the Army of the United States, and for
other purposes; the pending question being on the
motion of Mr. Carlile to refer the bill to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WILSON. I desire, after consulting,with
some Senators, to modify the amendment that I
offered to the bill, by adding after the word "wife,"
in the sixth line, the words " meaning thereby the
woman regarded and treated by him as such,'*
and after the word " and," in the same line, to
insert the word " his;" so that the amendment
will read:
That when any person of African descent, whose service
or labor is claimed ju any State under the laws thereof,
shall be mustered into the military or navnl service of the
United States, his wife, meaning thereby the woman re-
garded and tieated by him as such, and his children, if any
h-cliave, shall forever thereafter be tree, anylavv, usage, or
custom whatever to the contrary notwithstanding.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
will be so modified. The question is on commit-
ting the bill to the Committee on the Judiciary.
M r. CARLILE. On that question Lask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 14, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—Mestis. Caihle, Cqjvan, Davis, Doohttle, Har-
ding, llowe, Ne^mith, PoweU, Riddle, Saulibury, Ten
Eyck, Trumbull, Van Winkle, and tyilley—14.
NAYS—Messis. Anthony, Hi own, Chandler, Clark, Dix-
on, Fessendcn, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Harlan, Howard,
Johnson, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Morgan, Mor-
rill, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Sumner, Wade, Wilkinson, and
Witeon—22.
Mr. ANTHONY (during the call of the roll)
stated that his colleague [Mr. Sprague] had been
called home by serious sickness in his family.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
rccurs on the motion of the Senator from Cali-
fornia [Mr. Co\tness] to refer the bill to the se-
lect committee on slavery and freed men.
The motion was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT, The question now
is on the amendment submitted by the Senator
from Kansas [Mr. Pomgrot] to the amendment
proposed by the Senator from "Massachusetts,
[Mr. Wilson.] The amendment to the amend- ■
ment will be read.
The Secretary. In the second section of the
amendment 
Mr. WILSON. ^ The second section of my
amendment was withdrawn. The only amend-
ment proposed by me now, is the first section of
my printed amendment as I have modified it;
Mr, POMEROY.- If the second section of the
