1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS:
ally, and which I have ventured to characterize,
with all the respect that I feel for the honorable
member by whom it was presented to the Senate,
as unparliamentary, is that part of it which al-
ludes to what was said by myself in the Senate
in debate on a prior day. And the honorable
member, as I am sure, is not its author; it must
have come from some other pen, or been sug-
gested by some other mind and adopted without
reflection. The honorable member in the report
has thought proper to intimate that in the remarks
which I made to the Senate upon the subject of
tliis bill i was influenced by disappointment in
the elections which were held under, as it was
stated, the control of the military. The honora-
ble member, I am glad to say, has already dis-
claimed any purpose to impute to me any such
motives. I hope he knows me well enough to be
satisfied that I am incapable designedly, in the
consideration of any public measure, of being
ill any manner controlled or affected by any in-
terested or disappointed consideration. I think
I know—I will not ask the honorable member to
say whether my thoughts are well founded or
not—I think I know whence the imputation comes;
and if I am right in my conjecture, where the au-
thor of the imputation and myself are equally well
known, 1 am perfectly willing, more than willing,
to abide the public judgment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
must interrupt the Senator from Maryland to call
up the unfinished business of yesterday.
Mr. JOHNSON. With the permission of the
Senate and the Chair, 1 have but a word or two
more to say.
.The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
may proceed by unanimous consent. The Chair
hears no objection.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, we all agree,
in the report presented by the honorable member
lie himself concurs in that opinion, that the mili-
tary should not be used for the purpose of affect-
ing in any way the free exercise of the elective
franchise, and the only question which the case
presented upon which the report was made was a
question of fact—was or was not the military in
the recent election in Maryland so used ?
Mr. HOWARD. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to interrupt him a moment?
Mr. JOHNSON. With pleasure.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not wish it to go forth
to the country that the report to which he alludes
goes so far in its defense of the freedom of elec-
tions as to allow a public enemy of the United
States to vote, or to exercise any political right
whatever. The report, so far as itcontainsargu-
ment, is based upon the principle of public law
that it is not the right of an enemy of the country
to vote or exercise any political functions, whether
that enemy be a rebel, a traitor in arms against
the country, and hence a domestic enemy, or
whether he be a public enemy owing allegiance
to a foreign Government. X hold it to be the duty
of the military authority of the United States,
and so the report holds, (the Senator will pardon
me for this recapitulation of the sentiments of
the report,) to expel from the polls and exclude
from the exercise of all political rights persons
who are known to the military authorities to be
disloyal to the United States, and hence enemies
of the United States. This is the doctrine of the
report; but in respect to all persons who are
friends of the Government, who wish to uphold
the Government, but who may happen to differ
upon questions of administration, the report does
declare very properly, certainly, that there should
be no interference either of the military or other
persons in the free enjoyment of that valuable
franchise. That is the doctrine of the report,
and that is my doctrine.
Mr. DIXON, Is the unfinished business now
in order?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Maryland is entitled to finish his speech
under permission of the Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 have not misunderstood
the report.
Mr. POWELL,. Will the Senator from Mary-
land allow me to read one clause of the bill?
Mr. JOHNSON. I would rather finish, be-
cause I am detaining the Senate longer than I in-
tended. I have not misunderstood the report;
but the particular of which the honorable mem-
ber now speaks as found in the report was a mat-
ter about which it was not my purpose to say
anything. All that I said was that the freedom
of election was not to be interfered with at all by
the military authority of the United States. Now,
.1 understand the honorable member assaying,
and I know his report goes to that extent, that
the limit of the authority of the United States,
exercised by means of its military, is to keep from
voting those whom the military authorities of the
United States shall think proper to decide are not
entitled to vote. Does not the honorable member
see that that is placing the elective franchise of
the States of this Union entirely under the con-
trol of the Executive of the United States, the
military acting under the authority of the Exec-
utive of the United States? I say to the honor-
able member that the constitution'of Maryland,
and the laws passed in pursuance of it, and the
authorities, all of whom are now loyal, are abund-
antly able to guard against the pollution of the
ballot-box by having deposited within it the bal-
lots of disloyal men. But what I protest is, if we
are to have any freedom—I do not speak for
Maryland alone, butforevery Statein theUnion,
for Michigan as well as Maryland—if we are to
have any freedom in the exercise of the elective
franchise, it is not to depend upon the will ofthe
military authority of the Government.
Mr. HOWARD. Will the Senator allow me
to put a query here?
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly.
Mr. HOWARD. How does it- happen that
the election officers and agents of the State of
Maryland are able to determine with more cer-
tainty whether or not a man is an enemy of the
country, that is whether he is loyal or not, than
the authorities of the United States on the spot?
What is it thatgives the authorities of Maryland
this peculiar aptitude and unerring certainty in
the decision of the question of loyalty above the
authorities of the United States?
Mr. JOHNSON. I answer the question ofthe
honorable member: the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States which denies to this Government the
right to interfere and leaves the exclusive judg-
ment on questions of elections to the State 
Mr. HOWARD. That is a proposition which,
with great deference to the learned Senator from
Maryland, 1 absolutely deny.
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 knew the honorable mem-
ber did, and it was against the denial that I was
protesting.
Mr. HOWARD. I should say in time of war.
Mr. JOHNSON. But I have said all that I
designed to say when I rose except this: although
for the reason 1 have stated I forbear now, and
shall forbear at any other day during which the
present session may continue, to answer the facts
or the alleged facts, the law or the supposed law,
to be found in the honorable member's report, I
shall take ari early opportunity, the first oppor-
tunity that may be afforded during the recess, to
answer it in another form by an appeal to the
people of my own State.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senate
will resume the consideration of the special order,
which is Senate bill No. 1C7, to incorporate an
insurance company in the city of Washington.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 hope the Senate will in-
dulge me for a moment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
can proceed by unanimous consent. ["No ob-
jection."] The Senator will proceed.
Mr. HOWARD. It is due to me to say in
reference to the report" 
Mr. POWELL. If the Senator from Michigan
will allow me, 1 desire to make a verbal amend-
ment to the bill.
Mr. HOWARD. I rose merely to make a per-
sonal explanation.
Mr. POWELL. I notify the Senate that 1
shall ask to have one other verbal amendment
made.
Mr. HOWARD. I think, sir, whatever im-
partial man shall read the history of these times
and the history of Maryland, and the politics of
Maryland at this time, and shall then read the
report which has been so much criticised and de-
nounced by the learned Senator from Maryland,
will not be inclined to charge me, who am the
author of the report, with having committed a
breach of parliamentary courtesy and duty in the
language or style of that report. I had occasion
heretofore to remark, I did so with pleasure and
repeat.it now, that I did not intend to cast the
slightest personal imputation against the honor-
able Senator from Maryland in that report. I
believe he has accepted that assurance.
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly..
Mr. HOWARD. And is satisfied with it. And
again, sir, as to the final appeal to which he pro-
poses to resort to determine the great question
whether the doctrine of that report is true doctrine
or not, his appeal to the ballot-box itself, and to
the freemen of the United States, to those who,
and whose brothers and fathers, have participated
in this great contest, and shed their blood in it, I
can only say to him and to his good friends here
and elsewhere, that I shall be happy to meet them
in the discussion of that question upon the theater
which he has thus selected; that is, before the
good people of the United States, at the ballot-box ,
and I will guaranty that I will beat him there if
I do not here.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The special
order is before the Senate.
Mr. POWELL. I desire to propose one sim-
ple amendment to this bill, and then 1 hope we
may take the vote.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there any
objection to the Senator offering his amendment?
It can only bo done by unanimous consent.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 have an amendment or two
that 1 want to offer.
Mr. POWELL. I am going to propose the
amendment that I think the Senator wants.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on continuing the consideration of Senate bill
No. 37.- The Chair hears no objection. The
first question is on concurring in theamendments
made as in Committee of the Whole, with the ex-
ception of the amendment reserved at the request
of the Senator from Kansas, [Mr. Pomeroy.]
The other amendments were concurred in.
The PRESIDENT prti tempore. The excepted
amendment will be read.
Mr. HALE. I move to postpone this and all
prior orders for the purpose of proceeding with
the consideration of Senate bill No. 292, to pro-
vide for the efficiency of the Navy.
Mr. POWELL, I hope that will not be done.
1 think this bill can be disposed of in n minute or
two.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I presume that if the
Senator from New Hampshire will allow a vote
to be taken on this question, which will not oc-
cupy more than five minutes, there will then be
no objection to taking up his naval bills.
Mr. HALE. If I thought I could consent to
allow three days for this bill, and we should then
have a vote upon it, I would willingly give way.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Let us try five minutes.
Mr. HALE. Well, I will give five minutes.
I withdraw my motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on concurring in the amendment inserting after
the word " America," in line mile of the first sec-
tion, the words " unless it shall be necessary to
repel the armed enemies of the United States."
Mr. POMEROY. 1 wish to amend that amend-
ment by adding to it " or to keep the peace atthe
polls."
Mr. POWELL. 1 object to that. It would
destroy the effect of the bill. The State authori-
ties can keep peace at the polls.
Mr. SAULSBURY. That is the very pretext
on which these outrages were committed m my
State, and it is the very same pretext that will ba
put forward again.
Mr. POMEROY. I have had some experience
in reference to military interference at the polls,
and I have got some sore places in my history
on that subject. When the party represented by
the Senator from Kentucky had this Government
in their control, in the Territory which is now
my State, it was very common for the military
authorities to take possession of the polls. The
sheriffs in the counties had a way of getting a posse
on that day and mustering them into the service
of the United States, and surrounding the polls
for the ostensible purpose of keeping the peace
at the polls, but 1 have seen the time when I could
not get within gunshot of the polls, and you could
not get a ballot into the box unless you shot it in
out of some revolver, I do not want any military
interference at the polls, and I never did want it.
I would not have troops there unless in some
sensible way to keep the peace and to prevent
