1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2183
it is provided that the payment shall be made in
"lawful money," and it is merely to conform
the different parts of the bill to each other that
I have proposed the amendment. 1 simply pro-
pose to say, in the forepart of the bill, on the 20th
page, that this paper which is called national cur-
rency shall not be used in redeeming national cur-
rency, that it shall not be used to redeem itself, that
it shall not be redeemed except in lawful money,
as the bill provides in the latter part of it. My
proposition is simply to conform the different
parts of the bill to each other, to make it con-
sistent with itself. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 23, nays 12; as follows:
YEAS —Messr*. Buckale.w, Carlile, Clark, Collamer,
Cowan, Dixon, Doolittle, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Hender-
son, Johnson, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Morrill,
Powell, Richardson, Riddle, Saulsbury, Trumbull, Wade,
Willey, and Wilson—23.
. NAYS—Messts. Anthony, Chandler, Conner, Fessen-
den, Hale, IIowc, Ramsey, Shennan, Spiague, Sumner,
Van Winkle, and Wilkinson—IS.
ABSENT — Messrs. Brown, Davis, Hat ding, Harlan,
Harris, Hendricks, Hicks, I-Iovvaid, McDougall, Morgan,
Netmith, Pomcroy, Ten Eyek, and Wright.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLLAMER. I now propose this amend*
rrent, to come in at the end of section twenty-three:
Every association formed or existing under the provis-
ions of this act shall take and receive at par for any debt
or liability to said association any and all notes or bills is-
sued by any association existing under and by virtue of
this act.
This is simply to provide that all the associa-
tions formed under this act shall receive each
other's bills in payment of any debts or claims
due them. It does not require them to take on
deposit or redeem each other's bills, but simply
that they shall receive them in payment of debts.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have not the slightest ob-
jection to the amendment, but I desire to know
where it is to be inserted.
Mr. COLLAMER. I propose to put it at the
end of the twenty-third section, but I have no
choice as to the place where it shall come in.
Mr. SHERMAN. I prefer that it should come
in at the end of section thirty-two, which provides
for redemption.
Mr. COLLAMER. Very well, 1 will propose
to put it there.
Mr. SHERMAN. It should be preceded by
the words " and provided further, that."
Mr. COLLAMER. I so modify it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLLAMER. I offer this amendment to
follow the one just adopted:
Jlnd provided further, That every association which shall
be selected and designated as ipeeiver or depository of the
public money, shall take and receive at par all of "the na-
tional currency bill5!, by whatev^i association issued, which
have been paid in to the Government for internal revenue,
or for loans or stocks.
The Secretary of the Treasury is authorized
by the act to designate such of these banks as he
shall select as depositories of the public moneys
received for taxes, &c. I want to provide that
these depository banks shall take all such money
as the Government takes, and therefore I have
offered this amendment to effect that purpose.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is undoubtedly cor-
rect, and I think it is already substantially m the
bill; but I prefer that it should be attached to the
section authorizing deposits.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have no choice about
the place. The Senator can select his own piace.
Mr. SHERMAN*. Let it be inserted at the end
of section forty-five.
Mr. COLLAMER. Yery well.
The amendment was agieed to.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have another amend-
ment, to come m after the word " deposits" in
the ninth line of the thirty-first section:
And one half of the coin received by each association
from the Treasury lor interest on its bond? shall by such
association be kept, held, and sequestered as a part of the
amount of money required so to be kept on hand, until the
full amount is composed of coin, which shall so remain
until specie payments shall be rei>umed.
All gentlemen speak of the institution of these
banks and the redemption of their notes in what
is called lawful money as a temporary matter, all
looking- to a condition of things in which there
shall be a specie redemption; thatis, when these
bank notes shall be convertible into specie. I
look to that, and hope that will some time or
other happen. I speak of the bonks because
they are^ already established by law. But it
seems to me it would be well to make some little
preparation for such an event, to prepare the way
to commence again the convertibility of our cur-
rency into specie. It is with a view to that that
I have offered this amendment.
These banks receive-from us six per cent, in-
terest in gold annually on their bonds, the pay-
ments being made semi-annually. My proposi-
tion is not to require these banks to buy any
gold in order to prepare themselves for an ulti-
mate specie redemption; but the bill provides
that each bank in the small country towns shall
keep a capital of fifteen per cent, on hand and
the city banks twenty per cent, over and above
and beyond their bonds which make the body of
their capital; and inasmuch as that percentage is
to be kept, and of course to be kept useless, for
the bill says they are to have that much on hand
all the time, and of course it is to remain on hand
as an ultimate responsibility and not for present
use, I desire that they shall keep some of the
gold which they receive from the United States
on their bopds in aid of that fifteen or twenty per
cent, fund until they make up that whole amount
in gold, and that then they shall retain it in gold
as a reserved fund to meet an ultimate prospect
of coin redemption. X propose that they shall
keep one half of the gold that they receive from the
Government toward this reserved capital until
they make up the whole of that capital, and that
then they shall continue to reserve it until specie
redemptions are resumed.
I am not very tenacious about providing for
keeping one half. If gentlemen think it any bet-
ter or kinder to them to say that they shall keep
one fourth of that money until they make up their
reserved fund, 1 have no particular objection. 1
think they might keep one half. It costs them
nothing. True, they cannot make so much by
dealing in that gold, selling it out and buying it
in over and over; but as they receive it from us
for interest on their bonds, and inasmuch as they
have got to keep a reserved fund on hand, I de-
sire, and I believe it would he a sound policy,
and would help the currency of these banks them-
selves, to require them to keep a portion of the
gold they receive from the Government to make
up that fund.
Mr. SHERMAN. lam really desirous to ac-
cept every proposition submitted by the honora-
ble Senator that 1 think will not defeat the object
of the bill; but I think this would be a provision
so onerous ns to defeat the system. Suppose the
Senator had in his possession $100,000 of bonds,
on which by law he was to receive $6,000in gold
every year, exemptfrom State taxation, free fiom
all liability to State governments, liable only to
the tax imposed by this Government on its own
securities, I ask him whether he would care to
invest that money in a banking system when he
would be compelled, in the first place, to pay all
the local Uixps that he might be assessed on al-
most an equal amount of currency issued on the
bonds; whether he would be willing to pledge
those bonds as security for circulating notes;
whether he would be willing to run the risk of the
assessment of taxes, the n-sk of banking, and yet
be compelled to lay aside one half of the gold re-
ceived as interest to lie idle in the vaults of the
bank ? It seems to me it would defeat the sys-
tem. It can hardly be expected that this national
currency should be made better than our lawful
money issued by the United States. Itcannotbe
required to have any more safeguards or sanc-
tions than we impose ourselves on our lawful cur-
rency. To require one half the interest to be set
aside to lie idle as a fund, it seems to me would
be very harsh, and would prevent men from em-
barking in this business.
When specie payments are resumed in this
country it will be by the gradual approach of our
lawful paper money to the standard of gold and
silver. For instance, if General Grant, and the
other generals who aie acting under him, should
have gained this week a great and glorious vic-
tory, and our armies should every where be victo-
rious along the whole line, that fact alone would
make our lawful money approach the value of
gold and silver. Suppose that to-morrow in con-
sequence of such a series of victories peace should
be proclaimed in this country, and a united and
happy country should again commence us his- j
lo'-y with evea a large debt of $2,000,000,000, i
who does not know that our lawful money would
at once come up very nearly to the standard o£
gold and silver? But when that lawful currency
is reduced and funded, as it would be gradually
by the operation of self-interest, by being con-
verted into interest-bearing bonds instead of be-
ing simply used as a currency from hand to hand,
who does not know that that would bring us back
to specie payments? It cannot be done suddenly,
nor can we fix a day on which it shall be done,
nor will it be done by laying aside little three per
cents of gold. It will only be done when the
march of victory, when success shall have given
us a country able to bear the necessary taxation
and able to bring our paper money up to the stand-
ard of gold and silver. It seems to me that the
immediate effect of the amendment proposed by
the Senator from Vermont would be directly con-
trary to what he desires. He wishes to promote
the speedy resumption of specie payments. So
do we all. But I ask him whether the accumula-
tion of this gold in the banks of the United States
at the rate of $9,000,000 a year, laid aside, ac-
cumulated, and withdrawn from circulation, re-
served beyond the power of use, will not be likely
to make gold scarce? We all suppose that the
natural tendency of the hoarding of gold is to
raise its value. Is not that the Senator's idea?
It seems to me that I have heard something like
that from him. We know that the natural tend-
ency of the day, hoarding gold m the vaults of
banks and the pockets of individuals, tends to
raise the price of gold. Why? Because a cer-
tain amount of gold is absolutely necessary to
pay the interest on the public debt and for other
purposes, and the very moment you diminish the
stock of gold that can be used for these purposes
you raise its value and consequently put o(F the
time of resuming specie payments. If your law
provided for an accumulation of gold at the rate
of $9,000,000 a year, because three per cent, on
$300,000,000 would be $9,000,000 a year, you *
would withdraw that gold from the ordinary cur-
rency of the country toward the payment of the
interest on the public debt; you would hoard it
up,and at the same time you require those per-
sons who have to pay your duties on imported
goods to pay m gold; and if you add to the ac-
cumulations already held by the banks the ac-
cumulations recently held by the United States
Treasury, it seems to me you defeat the very pur-
pose of the amendment.
The better way is not to depend upon these little
leserves, this hoarding of gold in the banks, for
the purpose of securing specie payments, but
rather to depend on the victory of our arms, the
success of our cause, the restoration of the Union,
those great public facts which will unlock the bags
of the miser and will pour out from the vaults ot
your banks the accumulated gold that is hoarded
by cowardice and fear; and certainly in organizing
a system which I hope will lead to the resump-
tion of specie payments sooner than the present
system, i would not provide for the accumulation
of gold in the vaults of the banks; I would make
gold free as air, circulate it as broadly and as read-
ily as possible, in order to expedite that time when
gold and paper may stand on a footing of perfect
equality, when the debt of the United States may
he funded, I trust, at a low rate of interest, ana
when the national currency which is provided for
by this bill may fill that vacuum in our country
which has not been filled for many years; when
we may have a national currency convertible
everywhere,in one part of the United States as in
another, redeemable every where, based u pon pub-
hc securities, the faith of the nation, redeemable
in gold and silver wherever presented. Certainly,
in order to lay the foundation for that " good time
coming," I would not require these banks to
hoard in their vaults beyond the power of use the -
specie of the country, thus making a demand for
that which is absolutely necessary for the legiti-
mate wants of commerce.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move to amend the
amendment of the Senator from Vermont by add-
ing to it the following:
Provided further t That eveiy Plate bank and individual
banker shall be compelled to hold and retain one half of
ihe specie received tor interest on Government bonds, un-
til the resumption of specie payment*.
1 want to perfect the Senator's proposition.
Mr. COLLAMER. If the Senatorcan contrive
any way to execute his, I shall not object to it.
