8160
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
June 22,
contests which might be likely to arise. I think
the Senator from Kentucky should be the last
man and his party should be the last party to
undertake, after what occurred in my State, to
prevent men being at the polls to keep the peace
and prevent collisions. In an excited political
contest, in a new country especially, collisions
between parties are very common at the polls, and
it is very important that there should be some
authority there to preserve peace, not to interfere
with the election, not to prevent men from voting,
but to see that every man is protected in his right
to vote. That is the only purpose for which I
want a force at the polls, i do not care to discuss
the matter; but that is the most important part of
the proposition to me.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I am one of those who
were taught to think that the weapon of the bal-
lot in the hands of a free citizen was a better
weapon than steel of the finest temper. That
point of instruction in my youth has become the
faith of my maturer years. The ballot, the free
ballot, the uncontrolled ballot, is the only power
possessed by a free people which enables them to
overawe those in authority. Arbitrary power is
most expressed by the presence of armed men,
and I would not have them where the citizen was
exercising this high privilege.
The Senator from Michigan says this bill
would make the ballot-box a sanctuary for per-
sons hostile to the Government. Let me say to
him that there have been sanctuaries in all times.
Among heathen nations there were places of
sanctuary; in the old Hebiew times there were
places of sanctuary, and in Christian ages there
have been places of sanctuary, and if there be a
place of sanctuary in a free republic, it should be
where the ballot-box is open and where the free
ballot of the citizen, uncompelled by force, may
express his mind. I do know that force has been
employed to control the free voice of citizens,
and when it shall be so employed as to accom-
plish results, that is military despotism.
I say this much. I am for the measure in its
substance.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment of tiie Senator from Kan-
sas [Mr. Pomerot] to the amendment made as in
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 16, nays 15; as follows:
YEAS—iMessrs. Anthony, Chandler, Claik, Collnmor,
Foot, Grimes, Harlan, Harris, Howard, Lane of Kansas,
Moigau, Motrin, romeroy, Ten Evek, Trumbull, and
Wade—16.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckalcw, Uarlile, Davis,Foster, Hale,
Hendricks, Ilicks, Johnson, McDougall, Powell, Richard-
son, Riddle, RauUlmrv, Willcy,and Wilson—15.
ABSENT—Messis. Brown, C'onness, Cowan, Dixon,
Doolittle, Fessenden, (larding, Henderson, Howe, Lane
of Indiana, Ncsmuh, Ramsey, Sherman, Spiague, Sum-
ner, Van Winkle, Wilkinson, ami Wright—18.
So the amendment to the amendment was agfreed
to.
The amendment as amended wasconcurrcd in.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I move that the bill be
indefinitely postponed.
Mr. POWELL. I hope the Senator will with-
draw that motion.
Mr, McDOUGALL. Very well; if the Sena-
tor wishes to press tiie bill in its present shape,
I withdraw the motion.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. FOSTER called for the yeas and nays on
the passage of the bill, and they were ordered;
and being taken, resulted—yeas 19, nays 13; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bnekalevv, Carlile, Davis, Grimes, Hale,
Harlan, Hendricks, Hicks, Johnson, Lane of Kansas, Mc-
DougaJI, Pomcioy, Powell. Richardson,Iiiddle, Saul&bury,
Trumbull, Wade, and Wiiley—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Clark, Collamer,
Dixon, Foot,Foster, Harrw, Howard, Morgan. Sumner, Ten
Eyck, and Wilson—13. '
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Conness, Cowan, Doolittle,
Fessendcn, Harding, Henderson, Iiowe, Lane of Indiana,
MorriJJ, Ne.with, Ran^ey, Sherman, Spiague, Van Win-
kle, Wilkinson, and Wright—17.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. HARLAN subsequently moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed, and
the motion was entered.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Cleik, announced that
the House had passed a resolution for terminating
the present session of Congress by adjournment
on Thursday, the 30th of June, instant, at twelve
o'clock; in which it requested the concurrence of
the Senate.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
following enrolled bills; and they were thereupon
signed by the President pro tempore:
A bill (S. No. 265) to expedite and regulate
the printing of public documents, and for other
purposes; and
A bill (S. No. 306) to grant to the State of
California certain land for State prison purposes.
TRANSFERS FROM THE ARMY TO THE NAVY.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The unfin-
ished business of yesterday is the bill (S. No.
167) to incorporate an insurance company in the
city of Washington.
Mr. HALE. I move to postpone that and all
prior orders for the purpose of proceeding to the
consideration of Senate bill No. 292.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
292) to provide for the efficiency of the Navy
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It provides that any person enlisted in the mili-
tary service of the United States who shall apply
to the Navy Department to be transferred to the
Navy or marine corps shall, if his application be
eipproved by the Secretary of the Navy, be tnins-
ferred to the Navy or marine corps to terve the
residue of his term of enlistment therein, subject
to the laws and regulations for the governmentof
the Navy, but such transfer is not to release the
transferred person from any indebtedness to the
Government, nor, without the consent of the Presi-
dent, from any penalty incurred for a breach of
military law.
Any seaman or mariner, or person who may
have served as such, drafted into the military ser-
vice, may, by order of the President, be trans-
ferred to the naval service, to serve therein, sub-
ject to the laws and regulations for the government
of the Navy, for the term or residue of the term
for which he was drafted. All enlistments into
the naval service or marine corps during the pres-
ent war are to be credited to the appropriate town-
ship, precinct, or district, in the same manner as en-
listments for the Army. Persons hereafter enlisted
into the naval service or marine corps during the
present war are to be entitled to receive the same
bounty as if enlisted in the Army. And the res-
olution approved February 24,1864, entitled "A
resolution relative to the transfer of persons in
the military service to the naval service," is re-
pealed by this bill; but such sums as may have
been paid as bounty to persons transferred from
the military to the naval service or marine corps
are to be charged to and paid out of the proper
naval appropriation, or appropriation for the ma*
rine corps.
The Committee on Naval Affairs proposed an
amendment, which was in line six of section one
to strike out the words " Secretary of the Navy "
and insert (< President of the United States."
Air. HALE. This amendment is moved by the
committee, not from any want of respect or con-
fidence in the Secretary of the Navy, but, as this
transfer affects both the Army and the Navy, it
was thought proper that the power should be
vested in the President of the United States rather
than in the head of either the War or the Navy
Department.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate, and the
amendment was concurred in. The bill was or-
dered to be engrossed for a third reading, was read
the third time, and passed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. ANTHONY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduced bill (S. No.
323) in relation to naval patients in the insane
asylum; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. CHANDLELl asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
322) to change the name of the steamboat Mag-
net, of Buffalo, to Home; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. HALE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 324)
prescribing the punishment for enticing or aiding
seamen to desert the naval service of the United
States; which was read twice by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Nava) Affaits.
Mr. JOHNSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
325) to repeal the act of the 17th of June, 1864,
prohibiting the sales of gold and foreign ex-
change; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. GRIMES asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution
(S. No. 70) to authorize the acquisition of cer-
tain land for the use of the Government hospital
for the insane; which was read twice by its title,
and oidered to be placed on the Calendar.
CREW OF THE ESSEX.
On motion of Mr. HALE, the bill (S. No. 273)
to compensate the officers and crew of the iron-
clad gunboat Essex for the destruction of the
rebel ram Arkansas was read the second time,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to appropriate $25,000 to enable the
Secretary of the Navy to pay to the officers and
crew of the iron-clad gunboat Essex, for the de-
struction of the rebel ram Arkansas, the bounty
provided by the fourth section of the act for the
better government of the Navy of the United
States, approved July 17, 1862.
Mr. HALE. This bill is reported to enable
the Secretary of the Navy to carry into effect a
provision of law to be found in the fourth section
of an act approved July 17,1862, in the following-
words:
"That a bounty yhnl] be paid by the United States for
cach person on boaid ativ ship or ves?el-uf-w ar belonging
to an enemy at the eoinmencem"nt of an engagement
which shall be sunk ot otherwise destroyed in such en-
gagement by any ship or vessel belonging to the United
State«, ot which it may bo necesecuy to destroy in conse-
quence of injuries sustained in action, of £100 if the ene-
nvy'f vessel was ot mfenor foice, and of $200 if of equal
or fupenoi force, to be divided among the officers and
crew in J he ?ante manner as pnze money; and when tho
actual number of men on board any such vessel cannot he
fceUitfacloiiJy ascertained, it shall be estimated accouling
to the complement allowed to vessel* of their class m tin;
Navy of the United States; and there shall be paid as
bounty to the captors of any vessel-of-war captuicd from
an enemy, which they may be instructed to destioy, or
which shall be immediately destroyed for the public in-
terest but not in consequence ot injuiies received m ac-
tion, fitty dollars foreveiy person who shall be on boaid
at the time of &uch capture.''
A petition, very numerously signed, was pre-
sented here, and referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs. That petition was sent to the Sec-
retary of the Navy, and he wrote a letter, which
has been published, recommending it, and stating
that the law would have been carried into elfect,
but that they had no appropriation fpr the pur-
pose, and he asks for this appropriation to en-
able u to be done.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
NAVY-YARD AT CAIRO.
On motion of Mr. HALE, the bill (S. No. 190)
to establish a navy-yard and depotat Cairo, in the
State ofilhnois, was considered as in Committee
of the Whole. It proposes to authorize the Pres-
ident of the United States to select and purchase
a sue for a navy-yard and depot at or near the city
of Caiio, and to erect such buildings and make
such improvements thereon as may be nccessary
for the construction and repair, accommodation
and supply, of vessels-of-war of the United States;
and aiso to purchase any water rights which may
be required to propel the machinery or supply
dockage for the navy-yard, and to receive any do-
nations of lands, water rights, or rights of way,
which the trustees of the Cairo city property, or
the authorities of the city of Cairo, or any other
body-corporate, or any person or persons, may
deem proper to makeorgrant to the United States
for the purpose; and $200,000 is appropriated to
the objects mentioned.
The amendment of the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs was in line four, to strike out the words "se-
lect and purchase," and insert "accept from the
corporate authorities of the city of Cairo, in the
State of Illinois, or from any other poison or cor-
poration;'5 and in line seven, before the word
"city," to insert " said" after "Cairo;" and m
line seven to strikeout "in the State of Illinois,"
