162
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12,
thousand colored men marshaled into the field to-
day, and I believe it now. I believe that there
might have been, and ought to have been two
hundred thousand colored men in the field at this
moment, and that instead of our being compelled
to pass a bill appropriating $20,000,000 for boun-
ties, ad we have done to-day, and passing a bill to
amend the enrollment act, we need not have re-
quired a single new white soldier to enter the
Army.
The reason why I have judged so is, fiest, that I
have not seen the persons selected to transact this
business and to raise these men who have exhib-
ited any great degree of knowledge, or skill, or
" zeal, in accomplishing their purpose. I should like
to know, if such has been the purpose of the Gov-
ernment, how it happens that General Order No.
229, the only general order on the subject that
has ever been issued by the War Department,
has never been published among the other general
orders. That is the general order which relates
to the enlistment of colored men. How does it
happen that there is so much strictness in inquiry
with regard to the capacity and qualifications of
officers for colored regiments? If there is not a
desire on the part of somebody—I'donotsaythe
Administration, and I do not believe it of the Ad-
ministration—but of somebody who is intrusted
by the Administration with the carrying out of
their views in this icgard, why is it that wc have
a board -of regular military officers before whom
every young man is sent who aspires to any par-
ticular command in any one of the colored regi-
ments, who is not interrogated as to his capacity
to command, as to his 'ability to maneuver a
company., or a battalion, or a regiment, but is
interrogated as to the movements of the celestial
bodies^interrogations put to him in regard to the
most minute and difficult questions of astronomy
and mathematics, so that 1 am told it is almost
impossible to find men who are able to pass the
examination in order to officer these regiments?
Send your major generals and brigadier generals
before that hoard, and subject them to the same
examination to which 1 understand these young
men are subjected, and not one in twenty of them
can pass the examination. I do not want to
jud<?e my fellow Senators here; but permit me to
say that, if 1 understand what that examination
is, I will frankly admit that I could not pass it.
Mr. HOWARD. The Senator from Iowa will
allow me to inquire of him how he has ascertained
the supposed fact that the board to which he re-
fers puts applicant upon their examination in
reference to their knowledge of the science ofas-
tronomy or any of the higher brunches of muthc*-
matics. I beg to say to the Senator that I under-
stand the direct contiary from a member of the
board, that really the examination is confined to
those- branches of science and knowledge which
are, in their nature, somewhat elementary and i
simple, certainly does not extend to the science of '
astronomy. They are interrogated occasionally
as to their knowledge of geometry, ofarithmetic,
of algebra, and other branches of that kind, but 1
fancy neveras to astronomy or any of those higher
branches.
I beg to say further to the Senator while 1 am
up, that I have been informed very credibly that
since the organization of that board they have ex-
amined nearly twelve hundred applicants for com-
missions in the colored troops, and that out ofthe
number whom they have thus examined, they
have recommended only about six hundred, not
quite one half of them, and that the rejections
have been made by the boai d on accou nt ofthe man-
ifest incompetency of the applicants, their want
of skill and knowledge in the simple branches of
human science to which I have alluded, and m
which they are examined. I think the Senator,
though not of his own knowledge, is doing injus-
tice to the board to which he refers.
Mr. GRIMES.1 My knowledgeisderived pre-
cisely as the knowledge of the Senator from Mich-
igan is. His is hearsay; so is mine. He has his
information from members of the board, and 1
have my information from persons} who stood be-
fore the board and were examined.
Mr. FEJSSENDEN. And rejected.
Mr. GRIMES. Some of them were rejected i
and some not. Furthermore, I have seen it so j
published in the newspapers, and I have never j
seen any contradiction from anybody connected :
with the Administration. !
Mr. COJNNESS. Will the Senator from Iowa
permit me a word?
Mr. GRIMES. Certainly.
Mr. CONNESS. I desire simply to say to the
Senator from Iowa and to the Senate that I pos-
sess some more exact knowledge in regard to the
examinations and the mode of conduct before that
board than the Senator evidently does. I know
that the Senator would not misrepresent any per-
son or any fact. I understand that perfectly *, but
I beg to say for his information and that of the
Senate, that the direct contrary of the statement
which he has been induced to make is the fact;
and in proof it, the examinations have been so
conducted with regard to the capacity ofthe can-
didates to take care of their men, to understand
the proper keeping of their muster-rolls and their
accounts, the immediate duties necessary by them
to be performed, that the board have found the
most efficient and fit men, and given the highest
commissions to sergeants and privates who gen-
erally knew little of astronomy, little of the move-
ments of the spheres, but very much, having been
taught in their capacities, of the treatment and
management and necessary discipline of men. I
can assure the Senator that the statement I make
is well founded, and that he will ascertain it to be
true; and it is due to that board, than whom a bet-
ter one in my opinion cannot be constructed, that
the statement should be so made here.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 may have been entirely mis-
informed.- The information which I have de-
rived may be altogether false. The Senator from
California has not told us the means of in formation
that he has, but doubtl.ess his knowledge is de-
rived in the same manner as the Senator from
Michigan derived his, from membei sof that board;
but you will leeollect that the Senator from Mich-
igan states that these applicants are examined in
geometry, questions of Euclid arc submitted to
them, and questions in algebra are submitted to
them, and if they do not understand exactly the
equations in algebra I suppose of course they
are rejected; else why are those questions put to
them?
I\lr. HOWARD. I do not understand that they
ate rejected m consequence of their defective
knowledge either of algebra or geometry. Some
questions lelatmg to those branches of science are
put to the applicants, but I fancy that the exam-
ination is not perfectly thorough.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not pretend to know the
particular specific groundupon which they reject
applicants; but 1 think it would be a fair inference
that if a man went before that board and did not
undei stand either algebra or geometry, they would
reject him; else why do they put the questions to
him ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senatoi will allow
me to explain why those questions are put I will
state what was told me by one ofthe board,a very
able officer, in whom 1 have very great confi-
dence. When candidates present themselves be-
fore them—they are desirous of getting competent
officers—they examine them only (unless they
request to go to a higher giade) in precisely what
it is necessary that they should understand—tac-
tics, the management of troops, &c.—things ab-
solutely essential. But if they present themselves
i for highergrades after they get through, and wish
| to be examined fui ther, the board, considering that
even in an officer general information, general
intelligence,good education, an acquaintance with
thohigher branches does no harm, very frequently
go on, after satisfying themselves in regard to the
particulars necessary for a lower command, to ask
general questions on other matters; but not at all
unless they themselves desire it, and m those
cases they have done so.
My friend from Yeunont [Mr. Coi.lambr] has
just told me one fact in regard to it, that in one
! regiment, the tenth Vermont regiment, they took
seven privates who presented themselves for ex-
amination and they were made officers from their
fitness. It was remarked to me—I will not say
by whom, but by one who knew—that so far as
the examinations had gone, it had become quite
evident that a very consideiable portion of the
education, to say the least of it, and the ability
of the Army was in the rank and file, in the ser-
geants and the privates. One citcumstance was
stated to me—I do not know that I can now give
it to the Seriate exactly as I heard it, though 1
afterward saw if sin ted in the newspapers; on
one day a man who was a major or a lieutenant
colonel presented himself for examination for the
same rank, and there was a captain who presented
himself, and two lieutenants and a sergeant pre-
sented themselves. The board examined all of
them. Their idea was to recommend men for
particular grades according as they went through
the examination. They were desired to go as far
as they pleased, and were very thorough. They
rejected the major for everything; they rejected
the captain, did not find him fit even for a lieu-
tenancy, the first lieutenant who presented him-
self they made a second lieutenant; and the ser-
geant they made a lieutenant colonel, and thaf
upon the examination. - The idea of that board is
that it would be a good thing—it is done abroad—
to subject our Army, not only those who present
themselves as officers for colored troops, but as
officers for white troops, the whole of them, to a
board of examination and let them go through
regularly, and not take them as they happen to
come and because they happen to be particularly
educated; and to pursue the same course if we
enlarge our regular Army.
I had this statement from one of the board in
whom 1 have entire confidence. The stories that
are told about examinations in astronomy, &c.,
come, probably, from men who, having been re-
jected and found utterly unfit for officers, tell these
stories about the questions that were put to them.
It is very natural, perhaps, that they should do so.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, we are con-
stantly learning; we are deriving a good deal of
information, and I trust that the chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs and his subordi-
nates will learn something from this debate, and
that to-morrow they will introduce a bill by which
there shall be a change made, and by which the
valuable officers assigned to the colored regiments
i shall be given to our white boys, and the poor
officers now in command of the white regiments
shall be assigned to the colored regiments, for it
seems that the colored regiments are always to be
kept in camp, and not to ^o into the field.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is not the fault of
the board of examination.
Mr. GRIMES. I am talking about the course
of the Administration in this regard. As it seems
to bo the policy of the Government to keep the
colored men in camp and not send thern into the
field, it would- appear to be impoitant that those
who go into the field should have the services of
the valuable, experienced, and well-educated offi-
cers who have passed this board of examination.
I trust we shall have a bill to-moriow fiom my
friend the chairman of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs making this modification in the or-
ganization of the Army at once. If the Senator
from Maine is correct in that regard, I think the
public necessities require thgt these office!s should
be transferred to the white regiments.
Mr. President, I was merely assigning reasons
why I was gratified at the enunciation of the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts that theie was a change
in the opinions of the War Department on this
question, and that they were honestly intending
hereafter to enlist colored regiments. I tuistthat
there will be sofne dibit from this time forwaid
to i aise colored regiments in the State of Missouri.
It is only a few months since there was an effort
made to raise a colored regiment in that State, and
yet they were thwarted in it-*by authoiities who
had control there, so that they weie obliged to
make the rendezvous ofthe regiment in my State,
in the town of Keokuk. I think that was withm
the last four or five mouths, and my colleague
concurs m that opinion. I am giatified, I say, and
I know that my constituents will be giatified and
the whole country will be gratified at thcarmounce-
mcnt made by the Senator from Massachusetts
that from this time forward we are to have an
earnest, persistent, energetic effort on the part of
the Government to enlist colored men into our
service.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I should like to ask
the chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs
if there is any law in force or does this bill pro-
vide for enrolling negro troops in Kentucky ? Be-
fore he answers the question I propose to send to
the Secretary's table a Kentucky newspaper which
contains a*couple of advertisements that I ask the
Secretary to read,, that the Senate may know
what they are doing with colored materiel in that
State.
