2184
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9,
Mr. CHANDLER, itisas practicable as the
Senator's.
Mr. COLLAMEK. There is no way of exe-
cuting that; (lie other we have power over.
Mr. CHANDLER. It will be equally unjust
to both; but if it is to be applied to the national
banks, I want it applied to all banking institu-
tions, so that there shall be equality.
Mr. COLLAMER. In the one case we have
control over the institutions; in the other we have
not. In relation to my amendment, I do not
wantto occupy much time; Ido not suppose there
is any possibility of its being adopted when the
committee are opposed to it, but I will sav a single
word for it.
The Senator from Ohio says it is requiring the
banks to keep money withoutany usefor it. Wc
require them already to keep fifteen per cent, or
twenty per cent, on hand, and not use it. That is
the provision of the bill. This amendment there-
fore does not require them to keep any greater
amount on hand than the bill now compels them
to keep. The result will be that instead of the
whole fifteen or twenty per cent, being in green-
backs, the gold they put into that fund will re-
lieve just so many of theirgreenbacksforuse. It
is therefore no burden to them. As to its lying
idle, 1 requite nothing more than the bill does, so
that that argument haft no application. Is it sup-
posed that the small amount of gold set apart in
this way will affect the currency of the country?
Is it desirable that it should be understood by the
country that these banks are to have nolhingelse
but their greenbacks and national bonds, that they
are not to have any gold, that they are to make
no preparation for ultimate redemption in gold,
and that we will do nothing calculated to make
thetndoso? Do we want to keep them irrespons-
ible except in a paper currency which wc think
so valuable ? I do not see the wisdpm or propriety
of it, and I persist in my amendment.
. ^ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Michi-
gan to the amendment of the Senator from Ver-
mont.
Theamendment to the amendment was rejected.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the Senator from Vermont by reducing
the proportion from one half to one fourth.
Mr. COLLAMER. I suppose I am at liberty
to accept thatamendment?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
thinks not, the Senator's amendment having al-
ready been partly acted on; but it can be modified
by unanimous consent.
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 wish to accept the modi-
fication.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
hears no objection, and the amendment is so mod-
ified.
M r. CHANDLER. I object to all discrimina-
tions between the national banks and other bank-
ing associations or private bankers. Take the
Fust National Bank of the city of New York,
with a capital of $5,000,000, and the proposition
as fust offered, reserving one half, at the price of
gold to-day would deprive that bank of $1U5,U0U
premium on the gold which it might sell, and
throwmir such-an amount of coin upon the mar-
ket would depress its price. Jt is perfectly un-
dejstood that after the close of this rebellion, or
as soon as the Woild shrill have become satisfied
that the Government is to stand, capital from
abiond will rush in here for the purchase of our
securities, because we pay a higher rate of in-
terest than any other nation on the face of the
eaith. Satisfy the world to-day that Grant has
won a substantial, decided victory, and it will
not be ninety days, it will not be thirty days be-
fore money will he coming over in millions to be
in\ ested m secui ities that will pav five or six per
cent., when they can only get two or three per
cent, on the other side of the ocean. Why com-
pel these banks to hold s;old to the detriment of
the Treasury, to the detriment of the nation, when
they can sell it at seventy per cent, ptemium and
buy it back at five within six months? Why
compel them to submit to that loss? It is essen-
tially wpMig. You do not compel individuals,
you do " H compel the State banks to (to this.
Whv compel the national banks to do it?
Mr. HENDERSON. I hope that this amend-
ment of the Senator from Vermont will be adopted
if it be only for the purpose of getting the word
41 coin" into this bill. I sincerely desire that it
shall appear somewhere in the measure. And
now, as an answer to the argument made by the
Senator from Ohio to the proposition moved by
the Senator from Vermont, that if General Grant
gains a victory the green backs will be worth equal-
ly as much as com, f oppose this proposition, that
if the greenbacks shall rise to be worth as much
as coin it will be just as easy for these national
banks to keep the whole reserve in coin as to keep
it in greenbacks. Why not keep then the whole
fifteen or twenty-five percent, required in the bill in
coin, because there is no difference between coin
and greenbacks; and if we desire that there shall
be " com " in this bill if it pusses, why not require
the banks to keep it? If the two are not equal in
value, it is onegood reason why they should keep
a part in coin, so that the object intended ultimate-
ly, I presume—specie payments—shall be brought
about in the country as speedily as possible;
and as 1 have just said, if they are equal in value
it is as cheap to the banks to keep the com needed,
every cent of it, as it is to keep the greenbacks.
I think I demonstrated the other dayjhat this re-
serve is totally inadequate to the redemption of the
paper anyhow. The idea of fifteen per cent, of
immediate liabilities, circulation and deposits, be-
ingasufftcientreserve fund to meet the paymentsof
a bank, I say is a thing reaily out of the question.
Now, the idea of having no coin on hand, and
making no arrangements for the future acquisi-
tion of com, is perfectly outrageous. The idea
of specie lesumption, the idea that a day will
come when specie resumption can be had under
a bill of this kind is certainly foreign to the mind
of any man who will look at it for a moment, i
shall vote for the amendment m order to get the
word 44 coin" into this bill in someway. 1 really
think we ought to use it so as to signify to the
world that the people of the United States have
not forgotten that a paper circulation is worthless
unless it is redeemable in com.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 did not wish to reply to
what the honorable Senator said on Friday until
I saw it in print, it pained me excessively. lie
was not attacking simply the currency of the
country, the national currency of these banks,
but lie attacked the public securities in a way
that, whatever he might think of it, was exceed-
ingly harsh and offensive to me. 1 do not intend
to reply to what he said until I see it in print.
I knovthat was the effect on all of us. We are
endeavoring to make this national currency as
good as lawful money of the United States. He
may he able to show that our lawful money is
now depreciated; he may be able to show that
our bonds are worth only fifty-seven or fifty-eight
cents m gold; he may repeat all these facts about
our national credit, m defense of his own State
institutions, the notes of which are certainly not
as good as either greenbacks or national bonds,
lie may talk about "coin" not being in this bill,
and "about our purpose to exclude coin from the
bill. He is entirely mistaken, i do not wish to
reply to his speech until I see it in print, because
{ prefer to have precisely his words befotc me.
I have replied to theSenatoi fiom Vermontupon
the merits of thia proposition, not wishing to go
into collateral matters. I again repeat, why re-
quire these banks to lay aside a portion of the
interest which the Government pays to them?
That inteiest is not paid to them for the benefit
of these ciiculatmg notes; that interest is their
inteiest,which they aio entitled to under the law,
which you have pledged to them, which you have
seemed to them as against the States and against
State taxation. Why should they riot have thus
interest? Why should not the banks who own
these bonds have the full interest of the bonds?
Then; is no reason why they should not. The
amendment will tend to cripple the opeiutions of
the system, but the Senator from Vermont pays
that this gold can be used as part of the reserve
fund, but under the language of his amendment it
cannot be used for any purpose.
Mr. COLLAMEIt. Neither can any of the
reserve fund.
Mr. SHERMAN. The resei\e fund may be
paid in and out; it is a floating tescrvo fund. A
Urge portion of it may be in New Yoik. Ail
that the bill requires is that the fund on hand
shall be so much. It is not always required to
be the same identical money. Sometimes it may
be in the form of a draft on the city of New
York; sometimes it may be in the form of bills
on a bank in Boston; sometimes in one form and
sometimes in another. This reserve fund is kept
there on hand, but it assumes various forms, it
changes and modifies; but here you take the gold,
the identical pieces, you put them m a vault, you
exclude them from the national currency, you
exclude them from the volume of gold and silver
com, you hoard them precisely as a miser does,
it seems to me the thing is very different. This
gold coin, under the amendment of the Senator
from Vermont, cannot be used for any purpose,
even to pay their own bills, under the language
of his amendment. I think, therefore, it tends
to cripple these banking associations without do-
ing any good.
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire to say one word
simply in answer to what has been said by the
Senator from Ohio in reference to my deprecia-
ting thecreditof the United States in the remarks
I made last week. I am not disposed to rest under
a charge of that sort. The Senator makes the
charge and then says he will wait until he sees
my printed remarks in order to ascertain whether
the charge is true or not. I made no attack upon
the credit of the United States. If anything which
I said can be tortured in that way, i simply say
that I did not intend any such thing, and I hope
this statement will be perfectly satisfactory to the
Senator from Ohio and to others, i am aware that
1 spoke hurriedly, rapidly, and without time to
select the language that I used; but I did not intend
to make any attack upon the credit of the United
States, nor to depreciate their bonds. I am aware
that when any Senator makes an objection to a
measure in this body it is very easy to say that
he is against the best interests of the country. We
are required to swallow down every thing without
making a grimace, we are required to take for
granted everything that is presented to us here,
or else the accusation is made that we are trying
to decry the credit of the United States, that we
are attempting to do something that is prejudicial
to the best mterestsof the countiy. I apprehend •
that 1 am just as anxious to maintain the credit
of the country as is the Senator from Ohio. I
am just as anxious to see this rebellion put down
as the Senator from Ohio. I am just as anxious
to see General Grant march into Richmond and
over every inch of territory of the soil of the se-
ceded States as the Senator from Ohio. 1 think
the Senator has done me a very great injustice in
the remarks he has seen fit to make.
As to his remark in reference to the ciedit of
the institutions in my State, I care nothing. I
can tell him that the banks of my State to-day
are ready to redeem in com every dollar of their
circulation; they could do it to-day with a repeal
of the legal-tender law of Congress. I do notask
that it be done; i have not made such a proposi-
tion; I voted for the legal-tender law. There is
a very large amount of com on hand in the banks
of the State of Missouri; but I am not here to
vindicate them. I wish the Senator would permit
us to require a reserve fund in these national
banks equal to one tenth part of the coin in the
banks of the State of Missouri according to their
circulation. The proposition of the Senator from
Vermont, as modified by the Senator from Mary-
land, does not now give that one tenth pait; arid
yet the Senator from Ohio objects to it. 1 caie
nothing about his slur on those institutions; lam
not defending them; this is not the appiopnate
time to do it; and therefore 1 let that pass. But,
sir, I do not intend, without sayingaughtagainst
the insinuation, to permit the Senator to insinuate
thai 1 am attempting to depree.iate the bonds of
the United States. Does not the Senator know
that the bondsof the United States are not worth
dollar for dollar m gold ? A nd is it disloyal to say
so? We had better comprehend the fact and go
to woi k to elevate the bonds of the United States,
to appreciate them in the maiket, and adopt asys-
tum ot fin«noiuiing that will do so. 1 am not pre-
paid to do it; I am aware that my abilities are
not sufficient to enable me to do it; but when a
measure is presented here which is calculated to
flood the country with an irredeemable circula-
tion, and 1 propose some amendments to it which
1 think will benefit the country, will impiove the
bill, 1 do not think it is altogether chariUble in
the Senator to insinuate improper motives on my
part.
Sir, 1 am willing to let the bill go; let it ha
