1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
im§
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kentucky yielding the floor, the Chair will now
call up, wuh the consent of the Senate, the unfin-
ished business of Friday's session, which is the
special order foi to-day.
INDIAN" AFFAIRS IN CALIFORNIA.
The consideration of the bill (S. No. 80) to pro-
vide for the better organization of Indian affairs
in California was resumed as in Committee of
the Whole, the pending question being on'the
amendment of Mr. Conness to the amendment
reported by the Committee on Indian Affairs.
The amendment of Mr. Conness proposed to
strike out, in line twenty of the first section of
the amendment of the committee, the word " fif-
  teen,,J and to insert the word "eighteen," so as
to read, " that the superintendent shall be author-
ized to appoint a clerk at a compensation not to.
exceed $1,800 per annum."
Mr. CONNESS. I believe the opposition which
was made to this amendment when we consid-
dercd the bill last is withdrawn, and I hope there-
fore it will be adopted at once.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire for a very few
moments, if 1 can have the attention of the Sen-
ate, to explain what will be the effect of this bill
in California upon the expense of administering
the Indian department there, as near as can be
estimated.
Under the existing law there are two superin-
tendences in California, a northern and a south-
ern supermtendcncy. In the northern superintend-
ency there are now four reservations, the Mendo-
cino reservation, theNome-lackee reservation, the
Round valley reservation, and the Smith River
valley reservation. In the southern superintend-
ency there is but one which is denominated as a
reserve, and that is the reserve at Tejon; but
there are other agencies in California for the
Owens' river Indians, for the Colorado district
Indians, and for the Tulare river Indian farm.
By the present bill it is proposed to reduce the
superintendencies into one, and to have but four
agents. Under the existing law there are five su-
pervisors, as they are denominated, substantially
agents. The present bill reduces the number to
four. It provides for the leduction of all the res-
ervations in California to four. There is to beat
least one in the northern district; there m,.,"' be two
there and two in the southern, or one in the north-
ern and three m the southern district.
The reduction in the expense of the working
force in California in the Indian department will
be seen by a short statement. There are now two
superintendents at $3,600 each; the bill proposes
to have but one, at $3,GOO. Theie are now two
clerks; the number will be icduced to one. In-
stead of five supervisors at $1,800 cach, there will
be four agents at $1,800 each. Instead of twenty
laborers at $12,000, as is provided for in the ex-
isting appropriation bill and under.the existing
laws,there will be for each reservation onefarm-
er, one carpenter, one physician, and one black-
smith, at $50 a month; and an appropriation in
all for the sixteen (if theie arc four reservations)
at £600 each, will be $9,600, instead of $12,000
for the laboreis under the present system. The
expense of the whole working force will bo re-
duced to $21,900, whereas under existing laws it
is $9,300 more, making $30,200. It will reduce
the expense of the Government in the working
force of the officers employed in California by
the sum of $9,300.
A question was suggested to me by my friend
from Maine [Mr. Fess>enden] m relation to the
extent of the reservations which are to bo set
apart under this bill. The bill provides that these
reservations shall be located by the Secretary of
the Interior under the direction of the President,
and they may be located upon some of the exist-
ing reservations. Tt is true the bill does not limit
by metes and bounds, or by numbers of acres or
sections, the size of the reservations; but there is
this limitation put in the bill, that in relation to
any improvements or any property belonging to
individuals which the Secretary of the Interior
may contract to purchase for the sake of these
reservations, those contracts foi purchases are to
be reported by the Secretary of the Interior to
Congress for their examination and for their ap-
propriation before they becomc binding upon the
Government.
Mr. CONNESS. Will the Senator allow me
to say one word light here?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONNESS, In my opinion no acre will
be purchased underthat power. There willbeno
need to purchase any; but on the contrary some
of the existing reservations will be sold.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. There is power contained
in the bill to dispose of some of the existing reser-
vations, and we hope that what we get for the
reservations disposed of will more than pay for
all the expenses we shall be subject to in purchas-
ing out the improvements that some white men
have got in some of these valleys where we may
desire to establish the new reservations.
Hut, Mr. President, that for which we most hope
under this bill is that our Indian affairs of Cali-
fornia may be reduced to a system. It has been
altogether too indefinite, too expensive, too loose
in its administration. We hope also that we may
secure a system which will bring us permanent
peace. Perhaps it is not known to the Senate,
but such is the fact, that in some portions of Cali-
fornia there has existed almost continual war be-
tween some of our troops and some of the Indi-
ans, and these war expenses are the enormous
expenses connected with the administration of In-
diiyi affairs. It would be far more economical if
we should spend by fifties and hundreds of thou-
sands of dollars in feeding Indians and in making
presents to Indians, even if we run the risk of
having our agents sometimes misapply a portion
of the funds to their own use, rather than to deal
with them as much as we are dealing with tlicm,
in my opinion, at the point of the bayonet, in act-
ual war, because the expenses of these wars run
up by millions where the expenses of dealing with
them in another mode are counted only by thou-
sands and hundreds of thousands.
Mr. President, the Indians in California, like
the Indians all over this continent, are fa&t fading
away. In a short time there will hardly anything
he left of them but the beautiful names which they
have fixed upon our rivers and our towns. It has
been so in our whole history fiom the earliest col-
onization, beginning with New England, They
have been fading away a.* the white population
has been advancing upon them. They have faded
away from the whole eastern slope of the Allegha-
nies, and indeed they have almost passed away
fiom the valley of the Mississippi; and now since
the discovery and opening of California and Ore-
gon and Washington Territory, when our popu-
lation is setting m upon the Pacific coast, and
advancing from the Pacific coast eastward, the In-
dians are driven to the mountains, and the mount-
ains being discovered to abound with gold our
haidyand energetic pioneers are in the mount-
ains, and the Indians are being driven and scat-
tered everywhere. Their game, their means of
living, being destroyed, they are reduced to that
condition where from the very necessities of their
position they are sometimes tempted to plunder
upon the white population, to steal, m order to
live, rather than starve. This course of proceed-
ing on their pai t leads to conflicts upon the border
beyond the reach to a certain extent of the power
of our laws and their administration; and these
conflicts between the Indians and the white inhab-
itants lead on to war and millions of expense to
the utter destruction of the Indian race.
The system proposed by this bill corresponds
somewhat, as my friend from Maine [Mr. Fes-
senden] will recollect, to the system proposed by
another honorable Senator from California, (Mr.
Latham,) who preceded the Senator upon my
light, [Mr. Conness,] and which was adopted
by the Senate last year, but was not adopted by
the other House, and we were therefore thrown
back upon the old system.
- Mr. President, as i am upon the floor, and upon
the question of our relations to the Indians, I de-
sire to digress for a single moment and to refer to
another subject-matter which must very soon be
brought before the Senate, and that is m relation
to our Indian affairs on this side of the Rocky
mountains. -Itisknown that there are large num-
bers of Indian refugees now in the State of Kan-
sas, who have been driven out by this war from
then homes in the Indian territory to take refuge
in that State, where they are being fed, at a large
expense to the Government, and it is very neces-
sary, if they are to be removed to their homes,
that it should be done early; and I expect that in
the course of a few days we shall have to take
into consideration the passage of an appropriation .
bill of a considerable sum of money to carry-out
that purpose. The Indian's in the Indian terri-
tory—the Cherokees, the Creeks, the Seminoles
—are further advanced than most others in civili-
zation, in agriculture; they live by pastures, they
cultivate the soil, they raise sheep, horses, and -
cattle. Many of thom were very wealthy at the
outbreak of this rebellion, but have been stripped
and impoverished and destroyed in consequence"
of this war. These tribes are capable, if they be
returned to their homes, of sustaining themselves;
and the Committee on Indian Affairs, while mak-
ing provision to return them to their homes, desire,
as far as possible, to take all the small Indian
tribes and remnants that are to be found on this
side of the Rocky mountains, and by some new
arrangement with those Indians get them to lo-
cate within the Indian territory. Possibly it
may be thought advisable to give some kind of
organization, like a territorial foi m of government,
for the Indian teriitory. If we expect to save
any of the race we must save them there, under
some laws and provisions to prevent their com-
mingling with the Anglo-Saxon race.
I do not wish to take up the time of the Senate
any further than to explain the views of the com-
mittee which induced them to concur in pressing'
this bill upon the Senate to carry out the views
of the Senator from California, [Mr. Connxss,]
for it is to him especially that the Senate is in-
debted for having this question brought before us
at the present time. I hope the Senate will adopt
the amendment of the committee.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
and was read the third time, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPheuson, its Clerk, announced that
the House of Representatives had passed a bill
(No. 15) to provide a temporary government for
the Teiritory of Montana; in which the concur-
rence of the Senate was requested.
The message further announced that the House
of Representatives had agreed to the first, second,
and third amendments of the Senate to the bill of
the House (No. 34) making appropriations for
the support of the Military Academy for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1865, and had agreed to
the fourth amendment of the Senate, with an
amendment; in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate.
The message also announced that the House of
Representatives had passed the bill of the Seftate
(No. 142) for the relief of the owners of the French
ship La Manche.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
The message also announced that the President
of the United States had approved and signed, on
the 16th instant, an act(H.R. No. 50) making
appropriations for the service of the Post Office
Department during the fiscal year ending the 30th
ofJtine, 1865;and ajointresolution (H.R.No. 43)
authorizing the settlement of the accounts of J.
N. Carpenter, a paymaster in the United States
Navy, And that on t!*> 17th instant he approved
and signed a joint resolution (H. R. No. 37) to
authonze the Secretary of the Treasury to anti-
cipate the payment of interest on the public debt,
and for other purposes. 4
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the-
following enrolled bills; which were thereupon
signed by the Viee President:
A bill (S. No. 96) to enable the people of Ne-
vada to form a constitution and State govern-
ment, and for the admission of such State into
the Union on an equal footing with the original
States;
A bill (S. No. 97) to enable the people of Colo-
rado to form a constitution and State govern-
ment, and for the admission of such State into
the Union on an equal footing with the original
States; and
A bill (S. No. 60) amendatory of the home-
stead law, and for other purposes.
