1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
passed, and its miseries will demonstrate the truth
of what { said the other day. You will never
make a circulation that is worth a cent under this
law. It will never benefit Mr. Chase, the Secre-
tary of the Treasury; it will neve.r enable him to
make a loan. It will never enable the people of
this country to enjoy a sound circulating medium;
but it will bring ihe same distress that the bank-
ing systems of days gone by did which were based
entirely on public credit. I am not per se ab'ank
man. 1 know no reason for the issue of a circu-
lating medium in the shape of paper except for its
convenience. The paper dollar ought* to be the
representative of a gold dollar, and the country
that under the pleaof necessity violates that rule,
in the end suffers; and the Senator from Ohio is
young enough yet to live to see that day. He
will find that his own pet measure will bring upon
the country the distress that has always been
brought upon every civilized nation that adopted
a system of this character.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, I certainly
do not desire to do the Senator from Missouii in-
justice, but he has now repeated substantially the
remark which I said gave me great pain. I do
not desire to wound the feelings of the honorable
Senator, and therefore I would have made no al-
lusion to it but for his remark. He substantially
said on Friday that this paper system would not
be good, that tTie bills would not be good, that
the people would lose by them, that they weto
not upon a sure foundation; and he has repeated
the remark now that whenever a nation resorted
to paper money they would alwaysregrct it. lie
tells us, however, that he voted for the legal
tender, he voted for issuing greenbacks^ &<\ if
these bills arc not good, it is because the United
States is not good. The Senator could not have
read, this bill without knowing it. Eveiy dollar
by this bill is based upon $i 30 of the securities
and promises to pay of the United States; there-
fore these notes never can fail until the United
States fail. Not only that, if these banking as-
sociations fail to pay those notes, there is in this
bill a guarantee that the United States will pay
them. If these bills fail it is because the United
States fail to make good that promise. I say,
therefore, it is painful for me to hear any one say
that a note based upon the public credit, secured
more than dollar for dollar by public securities,
six per cent, bonds of the United States, and that,
too, when that note is indorsed and guarantied
by the United States, is not good.
Mr. HENDERSON. Will the Senator per-
mit me to ask him what the United States agrees
to pay m, provided these notes are protested ?
Mr. SHERMAN. In thclawful money of the
United States.
Mr. HENDERSON. What is the lawful
money of the United States? Is it gold and
silver?
Mr. SHERMAN. There is the offensive na-
ture of the remaik; the gentleman seems to im-
pute that the lawful money of the United States
is not the good basis of a promise.
Mr. HENDERSON. Now, permit rac to ask
the Senator one other question. If the United
States should see fit to issue $600,000,000 more of
greenbacks, would greenbacks in the market be
worth as much as they are to-day?
Mr. SHERMAN. No, sir; and 1 say it is the
purpose of this system to substitute for green-
backs a paper money which is guarantied by
other guatantees, to have even a better currency
than the greenbacks. The purpose of this nation-
al currency is to supersede the lawful curiency:
and why? Because, as the Senator has well said,
the history of nations shows that a paper money
issued solely upon the faith of a Government,
however strong, or however able to pay, will tall
below the standaid of gold and silver; that no pa-
per money ever will existequ.U to the pat of gold
and silver, unless it is a paper money issued by
banks organized undei the law of tlx; counUy,
based upon the credit of the country, like the notes
of the Bank of England or the Rank of France.
But, sir, the remarks of the Senator did seem to
imply a want of secmity in the credit of the Uni-
ted States, and that was what I said gave me pain.
I do not wish to continue this discussion. I
desire to confine the debate on these amendments
simply to theamendinents. 1 do not look on tins
as a new scheme; it is alaw now,and we &m ply
want to pel feet it, and I have thuet'ore dechm d
to engage in any general discussion of the merits
of this bill, but have sought to confine the dis-
cussions, as far as I am concerned, simply to the
proposed changes in the law, because the law it-
self has not yet been fairly tried.
Mr. COLLAMEIl. With the indulgence of
the Senate I propose to read a short dispatch from
Secietaiy Stanton;
" Dispatches from Mewle and Grant just received. Our
airay is ' on to Richmond.' Lpg in tull retreat; and War-
ren, Ilancoek, and Sedgwick on his heels."
[Sensation.]
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that the Senate
adjourn*.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Mondays/CM/ 9,1864.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer by
the Chaplain, Rev. W. H. Chaining.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
DIPLOMATIC CORRESPONDENCE.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. I ask the unani-
mous consent to present the following resolution:
Resolved, That the President be requested to furnish this
IIou«;. if not incompatible with the public interests, cop-
ies of oil correspondence between tho Secietaiy of State
sinee the 1st December, 1863, and Mr. Adams, or Lord
Lyons, on the subject of a simulated repoitand document
ot the navy deparunentof the so-called coufedeiate State,3.
Mr. STEVENS. I suppose that all of this has
been contained in the diplomatic correspondence.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. This is corre-
spondence which has taken place since the annual
report of the Secretary of State. I presume there
will be no objection.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Pennsylvania object?
Mr. STEVENS. I do.
TIIHATY STIPULATION WITII CHIPPEWA INDIANS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a letter
from the Secretary of the Interior, recommend-
ing an appropriation to fulfill treaty stipulations
with the Chippewas of Red lake and the Pem-
bina Chipnewas; which was referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and ordered to be
printed.
PROCEEDS OF PUBLIC LANDS IN ILLINOIS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
letter from the Secretary of the Treasury, in an-
swer to a resolution of the House concerning the
two per cent, fund arising Irom the sale of the
public lands in Illinois; which was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered to
be printed.
CAPTAIN KEYNOLDS'S REPORT.
Mr. WALLACE, of Idaho, by unanimous
consent, submitted the following re&olulion; which
was readj considered, and agieed to:
Resolved, That the Sceiouu v of Wat be directed to com-
municate to this ilou-i; a eop\ of the leportof Captain
ReynoldbN exploiation of the Yellow Stone rxvei in 1660,
together with the map-: and diawmg:..
NAVY-YAltD OPPOSITE YONKERS.
Mr. PERRY, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agieed to:
Resolved, That the. Committee on Naval Affairs be in-
sUntKnl t|r\,iii)ui(' into the feasibility ot the «ito lor a pio-
poM'd nav1||ard on the wc-t o( the Hudson river neatly
oppo-ue Yonkeii, and to icport by hill or otheiwise.
COMMKUCJB.
Mr. NORTON, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to protect and promote commerce;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
REV. J0)IN It. WAIUNEK.
Mr. MOORIIEAD, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following lesolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
RcsolvcS, That the n^-e of the Hall ot the Home ofltep-
tesfiitauve* h i)er>'hv panted tor Wednesday evening, the
It'th nir-tant, t" i.i-v. John 11. Warner, of Gettysburg,Penn-
sylvania., for the delivery 0! ins oiation on tile battle of Get-
fj-'tmig. the pi - eeedi ot winch leetuie shall be applied to
K'Ugious eluu.t>.
Mr. MOORIIEAD moved to reconsider the
vote by w tin h the n solution was passed; and also :
moved that the motion to leconsider be laid upon
the ubl'-.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PRIZE PROCEEDINGS*
Mr. RjpE, of Massachusetts', by'unanimous
consent, introduced a-bij] to regulate prize pro-
ceedings and the distribution of prize money, and
for other purposes; which was read a first-and
second time, referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
DISPOSAL OF OOAX LANDS.
Mr. RICE, of Maine, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill for the disposal of coal lands and
town property on the public domain; which w.a£
read a first and second time by iu title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands*
MISSOURI CONTESTED-ELECTION CASE.
The House then resumed the consideration of
the report of the Committee of Elections in the
case of Bruce vs. Loan from the seventh congres-
sional district of Missouri.
Mr. ELIOT. I have been constrained, Mr.
Speaker, to take part in this discussion. Since
I have occupied a seat upon this floor I have gen-
erally found it safe to yield to the judgment of
the Committee of Elections upon questions which
they have examined, and I have done so the more
willingly because that committee has been con-
stituted ably, and has been presided over by one
of my own colleagues in whose judgment I have
always been desirous to place great confidence.
But 1 cannot follow that committee here, nor can
I consent to be guided now by him. Probably, i
should have felt disposed to record ray vote si-
lently upon the questions involved in the report
from this committee; nay, certainly I should have
done so if the discussion had closed on Friday
before the aigument that was presented to the
House by my friend and colleague, the chairman
of that committee. But, sir, in the course of his
argument, under some excitement, and with an
emphasis not probably appreciated by himself,
he turned toward me and holding this volume of
testimony in his hands, felt it his duty to say that'
he was surprised that any gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts could be found willing upon this proof
to record his vote in favor of the sitting member
from the seventh district of Missouri, and could
not understand how, to a Massachusetts constit-
uency, such a vote could be defended.
Sir, since I have been here, my action in Con-
gress has been regarded with more than friend-
liness by the constituents whom 1 have endeavored
to represent. No gentleman has felt, 1 am quite
sure, more untrammeled in his actions upon all
questions than I have been. Indeed, 1 do not re-
member that it 1ms occurred to me at anytime to
put to myself the question, before my name was
called from the Clerk's desk, how any vote that
I might feel prepared to give would be regarded
by those for whom I spoke, because I have felt
assured that whether it wouid commend itself to
their judgment or not it would be accorded to me
at home thatithad been rendered upon deliberate
examination and in accordance with my best con-
victions. If I should find myself voting to make
vacant this seat from the seventh district of Mis-
souii upon this evidence, unsatisfactory as it
seems to me, inconclusive, partisan-like, resting
no t upon facts but opinions, upon guess- work, how-
ever much my friends at home might be disposed
to regret my action, they would, I am quite sure,
hold me justified, because they wouid believe that
upon the evidence, studied, examined, deliberated
upon by me, I had honestly come to that con-
clusion. The difficulty, sir, in this case wouid
be that I should feel ashamed of myself.
1 listened with as much care as 1 could to the
argument which came from my colleague [Mr.
Dawks] on Friday tost, and 1 propose as well as
I may in a few sentences to state the argument
before I reply to it. i 1 egret that he is not here,
for I should be pleased to have any error into
which I have fallen corrected on the spot. But
yet f believe, that f underhand distinctly the
ground which he assumed. He did not discuss
the evidence in the ease, Urn he made an aigument
which 1 am bee to say, in my judgment, is not
justified by the case itself, but which suggests a
question that it may be thought best for some
gentlemen from some ccntial State to.discuss.
it is the duty of the Government to protect the
people, to contiol the rebellion in the field, and
to control rebels at home. If it be necessary,
to protect the ballot-box fiom attacks by rebel
