1864.
THE COMHlESSIOiTAL ftiOMk
mm
and insert " if in his opinion the good of the pub-
lic servicc requires itso as to make the bill read:
That the President of tin? United States be, and he is here-
by, authorized to accept from (he corporate authorities of
the city of Oatro, in the- State of Illinois, or from any other
person or coiporatioii, a site for a navy-yard and depot at
or near the ^atd city of Cairo, if in his opinion tile good of
the public scrvice requires it, and to erect such buildings
and make such improvements thereon as may be necessary
fsir the construction and repair, accommodation and sup-
ply, of vessels of war of the United States, &C.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to inquire of the
Committee on Naval Affairs whether there has
been any examination of the ground at and about
Cairo with aview to ascertain the suitableness of
that locality for such a depot. I am aware that
it is in a central situation so far as the valley of the
Mississippi is concerned, being nearthe junction
of the Mississippi and the Ohio, but it has al-
ways struck me that it was not exactly the place
for a naval depot. The land there, I understand,
is very low, the climate unhealthy, subject to bil-
ious diseases and to ague, and I have never yet
seen any report or examination of that locality,
or indeed any other locality in that vicinity, with
a view to the establishment of a naval station
there.
Mr. HALE. There were several communica-
tions made to the committee, and a good deal of
evidence before them, and there was talk about
the committee visiting the various proposed sites,
but the committee thought it was utterly imprac-
ticable, and that it was not competent for them
to form a correct judgment, and so they amended
the bill in this way, leaving it entirely to the
President of the United States and the Secretary
of the Navy, who, it was supposed, would make
such examination as would satisfy them. The
committee felt incompetent to make a decision,
and therefore they proposed anamendment, which
the Senate has adopted, which is that the Presi-
dent is authorized to do this if in his opinion the
good of the public service requires it, and we
leave it to him, thinking he will order such ex-
amination as may be neccssary.
Mr. BROWN. I ask the Senator what it spe-
cifies in regard to the location ?
Mr. HALE., Nothing, but that ho is author-
ized to accept from the corporate authoiities of
Cairo, or other persons, a site for a navy-yard
and depot at or near the city of Cairo. There
was some evidence that there was a place a little
distant from the city of Cairo, called Mound City,
and it was thought by the committee that Mound
City was near enough to the city of Cairo to come
within the purview of the bill as amended.
Mr. GRIMES. It may seem singular that I
should be opposed to the establishmentof anavy-
yard in my neighboring State of Illinois, especial-
ly when my own State has no claim foranysuch
place. As to whether there had better be a navy-
yard established on the western waters or not is
a question somewhat problematical to me. Per-
haps a depot may be sufficientforall the purposes
we want connected with the Navy,exceptduring
the pendency of the present war; but if it be an
established fact that there should be one, I think
it is not established that Cairo is the place where
it ought to be located. I know very well that the
naval officers, from the admiral now in command,
so far as my acquaintance with them extends,
are opposed to the establishment at Cairo. I have
a letter from the admiral on that subject and I
have conversed with a great many officers on the
subject. I am not going to say where the navy-
yard ought to be established, but my impression
is, with the lights I now have, that if a yard is to
be established at all on the western waters we
had better go back to the place where it was ori-
ginally established, Memphis. Although we pro-
fessed once to cede away our interest in the navy- I
yard there, I am told by gentlemen who have ex-
amined the subject that the cession is void, and
that we have a considerable amount ot land there,
and that the water is of a sufficient depth at all
seasons of the year, as is not the case between
Memphis and Cairo.
I do not think it would be wise foj us at this
session, without any investigation, to undertake
to establish a navy-yard anywhere. If we are
going to establish one, let us authorize the crea-
tion of a commission to go out and examine all
the sites, that which is proposed at Carondclet,
that at Mound City, that at Cairo, that at Mem-
phis, and any other point, and let them report to
us the facts, and then we shall be able to act in-
telligently. The proposition now is to leave the
whole matter in the hands of the President of the
United States, who is a citizen of theState of Illi-
nois. I have no doubt he would exercise his judg-
ment in the matter conscientiously, but I want to
know how, and I want to provide by law how
his judgment shall be instructed before he pro-
ceeds to settle that question. The proper way is
for us to appoint a commission. If the Senate
decide that we want a western navy-yard, the
proper way for us is to authorize the creation of
a commission to go there and examine all the
questions, for there are hundreds of questions
connected with this subject. It is not the mere
location of a piece of ground. You want to know
exactly the depth of water on all those streams
that are converging toward the point where you
propose to establish your navy-yard. You want
to settle all the questions in regard to the facilities
for procuring laborers, skilled mechanics, men
who have got to be employed by the Government
in keeping up the navy-yard after it shall be estab-
lished.
I suppose it is not denied that Cairo besides
being an unhealthy place is a very small place,
and all the citizens and mechanics that are em-
ployed there are imported from other places,and
only go there for a temporary purpose, returning
to their domiciles elsewhere the moment their
jobs are over. That is not the kind of place
where you want a navy-yard established.
Mr. BROWN. Before the amendments are
agreed to, I desire to call the attention of the
Senate to the character of this bill and to the
character of the amendments. It is known that
it has been a matter of a great deal of contro-
versy throughout the West as to where the loca-
tion of this navy-yard shall be. There are a good
many States interested in it. As far as it involves
their interests, there are a good many places that
are competing for the location of this navy-yard,
and that are offering inducements to the Govern-
ment for its establishment. Yet, if I am correct
in my interpretation, this bill proposes to confine
it to a single locality, that of Cairo, without lay-
ing before the Senate any of the evidence on
which that selection has been made, or without
giving the opportunity of a fair investigation of
the matter. 1 would propose, if it is in order, to
amend the bill before it is passed upon.
' The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Itis in order
at the present time toamend the amendment made
as in Committee of the Whole, and it will be in
order to amend the bill in other respects after
that amendment shall have been disposed of.
Mr. BIIOWN. I should like to hear from the
chairman of the committee the ground on which
the bill has been predicated. I do not care to
ob ject to the amendment, but I desire to offer an-
other as soon as the question is open for it.
The amendment made as in Committee of the
Whole was concurred in.
Mr. BROWN. I desire to offer an amendment
in the seventh line, after the word " Cairo," to
insert " or at any other point on the Mississippi
river."
Mr. HALE. That would make the bill rather
incongruous. As it now reads it is," that the Pres-
ident of the United States be, and he is hereby,
authorized to accept from the corporate authori-
ties of the city of Cairo, in the State of Illinois,
or fiom any other person or corporation, a site
for a navy-yard and depot at or near the said city
of Cairo;" and the Senator proposes to add " or
'at any other point on the Mississippi river." It
is not likely the city of Cairo will be apt to pre-
sent a navy-yard elsewhere than at that place.
Mr. BROWN. I think the Senatoris mistaken,
and that I am correct in the amendment. The
amendment of the committee proposes to accept
a site from the corporate authorities of the city
of Cairo, in the State of Illinois, " or from any
other person or corporation," holding out the idea
that there is to be a competition, and yet in a sub-
sequent line it confines it to the city of Cairo.
Now, 1 want to make the subsequent line cor-
respond with the pieceding line.
Mr. HALE. That was put in in that way by
the committee from the idea that there might be
land that it would be necessary to occupy if the
yard was loeated at Cairo, owned by some other
ownership than the city; there might be otl*et
persons or corporations fawning lanti there that
would be necessary for the jyard, and that they
would give for that purpose. That was the in-
tention of th&t amendment.
Mr. BROWN. Do I understand the commit-
tee to take the ground that the President in mak-
ing this selection shall not pat it any where-else
than at Cairo, if, in his judgment, the good  of
the public service requires another location? 1 !
Mr. HALE, The bill is confined to CaifOtoV
near it. ;
Mr. BROWN. Ybu do hot allow the gbod o'f
the service then to determine the question at Ml1,
it is for the purpose of locating it M Cairo that
the bill is introduced.
Mr. HALE. It is easy to misunderstand.
The bill is based on the ground that it was neces-
sary to take some action, and Cairo was selected,
provided upon a suitable examination it lihotihl
be found that the public service demanded it. If
the public service does not demand it, if a com-
mission reports against it, the whole thing flails
to the ground. It does not institute a roving
commission to go all over the country.
Mr. BROWN. But it does not authorize the
selection of the best place either, does it?
Mr. HALE. The bill speaks for itself.
Mr. GRIMES. Will the Senator from Mis-
souri withdraw his amendment for one Moment?
I offer the following as a substitute for the bill':
That the President of the United States be, all3 he is
hereby, authorized to appoint 'a commission of seven offi-
cers of the Navy to examine proposed sites for a navy-yaiti
on the Mississippi river, and to report their conclusions at
the next session of Congress.
Mr. BROWN. I withdraw my amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Iowa.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I regret that the Senator
from Iowa should have thought proper to come
forward with this amendment, though it is not
unexpected. I have had some conversation with
him, and I thought he would probably introduce
some amendments which would prevent the es-
tablishment of a navy-yard at all during the time
it is wanted.
This bill is no new proposition. It is no propo-
sition that has not received examination. It was
recommended by the Secretary of the Navy in
as strong language as he could use two years
ago. His recommendation is repeated in his last
annual report, and I can send for those reports
and read thorn for the information of the Senator
from Iowa, if he has never heard of them; but I
know he is familiar with them all. It has been
repeatedly urged upon Congress to establish a
navy-yard ana depot in the West.
Mr. GRIMES. At Cairo?
Mr. TRUMBULL. On the western waters,
and there is evidence to show that Cairo has been
examined. The Senator will find this is no new
proposition; but the Senator proposes delay;
that is the way to defeat a measure indirectly.
If this navy-yard and depot is ever needed, it is
needed now during this time of war, needed es-
pecially now. A navy-yard and depot are needed
in the West particularly, because we have nowa
large fleet upon the western waters, and in the im-
provements in naval affairs in the construction of
naval vessels they are chiefly now made of iron,
and these iron-elad vessels corrode very quickly
in salt water. We need some place where they
can be kept in fresh water for their preservation.
We have a fleet upon the western waters at this
time consisting of more than two hundred ves-
sels, I think, costing to the Government many
millions of money, and 1 have no doubt, and
have so understood from persons connected with
the construction of these vessels, that they have
cost the Govern'mcnt millions of dollars more
than they would if we had had a navy-yard
somewhere upon the western waters.
Now, sir, in regard to the location o£ this navy-
yard, the Senator from Iowa asks if Cairo has been
recommended. No, sir, not by the Secretary of
the Navy, he would not be likely to designate a
particular point in his annual recommendation to
Congress; but he has urged upon Congress the
importance of the establishment of such a yard,
the very thing which the proposition of the Sen-
ator from Iowa seeks to thwart. The very ob-
ject of having a navy-yard, and at the earliest
moment, k to have a rendezvous for our naval
