2186
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9,
voters, that the ballot-box, consecrated as it has
been said by prayer in the more regions
where my colleague and myself reside, should be
defended by armed soldiery, it is right, and what
the Government has done has been properly
done. It is the bounden duty of the Government,
where it is needful, to sec that the ballot-box is
thus defended, as it may have been done in Mary-
land and in Kentucky and elsewhere perhaps.
My colleague found it in his heart to commend
fully the action of the Government in that behalf.
But if in defending the ballot-box against the
votes of rebels, who would use bullets and steel
instead of ballots if they dared to do so, it shall
so turn out that a terror was caused m the com-
munity by reason of which masses of men were
intimidated or deterred or kept from the polls,
then although the Government is to be protected
and defended in the discharge of its duty, yet
Congress also has its duty, and that is to hold
that such an election should be declared void,be-
cause it is the object of the Government not to
strengthen itself by voters here, but to *pr°tect
the ballot-box in its purity and to pievent the
rebels from assaulting it through the polls. That
I understand to be the argument of the chairman
of the Committee of Elections.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I have to say that that ar-
gument is not justified by the case which we are
to passupon. It suggests a question which I will
state but will not discuss, for the case does not
call for it, and that question is this: if it be true
that it is the duty of the Government to protect
the ballot-box against the votes of rebel traitors
at home, as it is conceded, as it is claimed, as it
is avowed to be, and if all loyal men without re-
gard to their political opinions are free to vote, then
whether because rebel sympathizers are deterred
from voting by reason of oaths of allegiance which
have been required and which their sensitive con-
sciences will not permit them to take, or have
been kept from the polls because they have been
registered or enrolled as disloyal, or have remained
from the polls because of a wholesome fear of
anything that might befall them at the hands of
loyal men indignant that rrcoidrd and registeied
disloyalists should thrusttheirti aitorous headsinto
the company of honest men—whether then it be the
duty of Congress to declare that such an election
shall be vacated is a grave question, not ansing
in this case, but which, if it shall aiise, may prob-
ably concern gentlemen upon this floor from the
border States.
I do not propose now to debate that question;
this is not the case when it needs to be done.
But I may say, for it is in my heart to say it,
that when that case docs present itself, and when,
on the facts I have stated, I am called upon on
this floor to take part, by vote or voice, as a
Massachusetts man, no actor vote or voice of
mine shall be withheld that can uphold the arm
or strengthen the heart of a loyal Representative.
But the chairman of the Committee of Elec-
tions speaks of a great terror which existed in
this community' Where does he find the proof
of it? It is in the imagination of my friend and
not in the case before the House. Why, sir,
there was a convention in Missouri in the early
part of 1862, and an ordinance was passed, a por-
tion of which I shall refer to. I do not under-
stand that the contestant questions at all the va-
lidity of the action of that convention. In the
ordinance defining the qualifications of a voter
of Missouri there is an oath prescribed which is
a pretty strong oath, an oath which loyal men
would love to take and rebel sympathizers would
not care to expose themselves to:
<< J, . do bolcmnly pwoar (or nfiitni, as the rasp
may be) that I will support, plotter, and defend the Con-
stitution of the United State.-* and the constitution of the
State of Mi^ouu against all enemies and oppose*a, whether
domestic ortoreign ; that 1 will hear tiue faith, Io>alry, and
allegiance to the United States, and will not, dircctly or
indirectly, give aid and com tort or countenance to the ene-
mies oi oppo&er*. thoreof, or of the piovisional government
of the State ofMissouu, any ordinance, law, or resolution
of an}- S'tate convention or ^eaislauirc, or any older or oi-
g.imzdUon, M'eret oi othciwi&e, to the eontrai v notwith-
standing ; and that T dothm with afnll and honest denerm-
iuation. pledge, and puipose, faithfully to keep and perforin
the same, without any mental reservation or evasion what-
ever. And I, do further solemnly swear (or affirm) that 1
have not, since the 11 th day of December, A. D. 1861, will-
fully taken up arms or levied war against the United ^tatc^
or agairt-t the provi-iunal sioxeimmjiit ot the ritate of Mi-
ssouri. fc>o help me God."
Now, oil, that oath wa& taken by all men in
Missouri who assumed to vote at the election.
That was one trouble in the way of disloyal men.
Then General Schofield, on the 4th of August,
18G2, issued an order, which is known as Order
No. 24, and which I do notfind referred to in the
majority report of the Committee of Elections.
I shall call the attention of the House to it. The
order is to be found in Miscellaneous Document
of this session, No. 13, page 62. It first provides
that all loyal men of Missouri subject to military
duty will fee organized into companies, regiments,
and brigades, as ordered in " General Orders No.
10, from these headquarters, dated July 2%, 1862;"
and in the second place, that all disloyal men,
and those who have at any time sympathized with
the rebellion, are required to report at the nearest
military post, or other enrolling station, be en-
rolled, surrender their arms, and return to their
homes or ordinary places of business, where they
will be permitted to remain so long as they shall
continue quietly attending to their ordinary and
legitimate business, and in no way give aid or
comfort to the enemy.
Now, Mr. Speaker, if there were any such
cause of terror as has been suggested, upon whom
would it fall? Certainly not upon the loyal men
of Missouri. By organizing the loyal men into
militia and the enrollment of the disloyal men, by
their own reports, it would be ascertained who in
that State at that time were loyal to the Govern-
ment or sympathized with the rebellion, and had
been aiding or abetting Price, the rebel general.
During that year, from these counties which are
the subject of controversy here, from Buchanan,
Holt, Andrew, Atchison, Nodaway, De Kalb,
and Livingston, men had gone into the rebel
army of Price which was battling against the Gov-
ernment. Some of these men had returned, and
they aided the rebels as much at home as they
did when they were away from home. And it
was for the purpose of ascertaining who in the
State of Missouri could be relied on as true to the
Government that this order of General Schofield
was issued. If anybody was deterred, if there
was any terror in the community within the
bounds of that congressional district, which is not
proved, on whom did it fall? Not on the loyal
men of the country. If it be true that there were
bodies of men who refused to take the ordinance
oath bccuuse they could not honestly take it, or
who remained away, being enrolled under the
order of General Schofield, not caring to expose
themselves as rebel sympathizers, as they were,
then all I can say is that it seems to me that i.t
was a wholesome fear which ought not to be cast
out except by that perfect love for the Union
which returning loyalty will inspire.
But, sir, I want to come to an examination of
this case, and to see upon what ground it is that
a majority of the committee ask this House to say
that the seat occupied by Mr. Loan ought to be
vacated by him. One fact meets us on the thresh-
old. llere are two reports made by a committee
that is as equally divided as possible: five upon
one side, represented by the honorablegentleman
from New York, [Mr. Ganson,] and four upon
the other, whose report is signed by themselves
Fn person. Now, Mr. Loan has his seat just as
I have mine, and just as you, Mr. Speaker, have
yours, lie holds, sir, his seat among us; his cre-
dentials have been found to be sufficient; the case
before us is not an outside one, but ope within
ourselves, and the question is as to the'right of his
remaining here. 1 say thata divided report upon
a case like this presents one argument,and not a
weak one either, in favor of the sitting member;
for if, as I think is not the case, the question were
involved in fairdoubt, ifit were a matter of uncer-
tainty whether in fact the sitting member should
hold his seat or not, inasmuch as itis in his pos-
session, all reasonable doubt should operate in
his behalf, and he should retain his seat.
Again, I understand that this election in the
seventh congressional district of Missouri was an
election not only for members of Congress but
for State officers, and that many persons were
voted for and have since held office m the State of
Missouri under the same circumstances which at-
tended the election of Mr. Loan. 1 do not under-
stand that the question has been raised in the State
of Missouri as to the existence of such a terror as
my friend and colleague referred to, or that objec-
tion has been ever made within that State to the par-
ties there elected to State officer holding their trukt.
Mr. BRUCE, (contestant.) The gentleman's
remark is to this extent, that while these raccs
for Congress have been contested, there have
been no contests in reference to State offices. £
will set the gentleman right in that respect by
stating—and the sitting member will bear me wit-
ness to the truth—that a man who ran for the
State Senate took more than one hundred pages
of testimony, which is printed in the appendix to
the journal of the State Senate, for the purpose of
contesting the seat of the sitting member. The
testimony of over three hundred witnesses was
that theywere driven from the polls. The ques-
tion came before the Senate of Missouri, but the
case was thrown out upon the ground of the want
of proper notice of contest.
In the county of Buchanan there wasa contest
over the office of sheriff, which is worth $5,000 a
year.
Mr. ELIOT. Iam not quite sure that I under-
stood entirely Svhat was said by the contestant. If
Idid,itamountstothis, thattherewasonecontest-
ed case which for some informality was unsuc-
cessful, and that there has been a contest for one
other office, that of sheriff. Well,sir, those ex-
ceptions, after all, go to prove the truth of what
I said. This election extended to all portions of
the State of Missouri now represented upon this
floor. At that election many St te officers were
chosen. Now, if contests were made in only two
cases,one of which was examined,and thrownout
for informality, how can it be said fairly that any
such terrorwas actingupon the minds of the peo-
ple as to occasion any feeling of discontent and
dissatisfaction with the proceedings of that elec-
tion ?
But this is not a question between Mr. Loan
and Mr. Bruce. Mr. Bruce cannot have his seat,
because no member of the committee has found
reason to report in his favor. It is a question
whether there shall be any representation from
that district. The question is not one of expul-
sion, although Mr. Loan may be ejected from
his seat. If it were, a two thirds vote would be
required. But as the effect will be the same, the
reasons constraining us to act in accordance with
the report of the majority of the committee should
be clear and conclusive.
Now, sir, what rule ought to govern us? My
friend, the chairman of the committee, intimates
that the rule applicable ordinarily does not apply
in this case. Is that so? There are fifteen coun-
ties in this district. The question raised by the
contestant is only in regard to eight. The evi-
dence which has been taken confines itself to five
of those fifteen countics. There are many voting
precincts in those counties. How many there are
does not appear m the case, but it is said in the
course of the report made by the committee that
there are not less than ten voting precincts in each
county; then there would be within the district
one hundred and fifty voting precincts. The whole
difficulty which is complained of here is said to
have been occasioned in eight of those precincts.
The evidence applies to five counties, and is con-
fined to eight precincts out of the one hundred
and fifty. Now, suppose the irregularity had
been confined to one precinct, and that by wrong
proceedings, punishable in the courts, by violence
or fraud, or otherwise, one hundred men were
prevented from voting who tried to vote, it will
hardly be contended that with a majority of 2,028
that should set the election aside. No matter what
the force, no matter what the fraud, no matter
what the violence, I suppose it will not be con-
tended that if it shall appear that, with a majority
of 2,000, but one hundred or one hundred and
fifty were operated upon thus wrongfully* that
election should therefore be hold void. I do not
understand that that will be contended for by those
who act here yrith the majority of the Committee
of Elections, because they claim that there were
men enough in this district who were deterred
from voting, and who were qualified to vote, to
change the majority. That is a question of fact.
There is no question of principle involved in it.
Wealladmit that there should be purity and free-
dom and fairness of election. We all admit that
without a free election there was no member
chosen. The question is, how is the fact here?
I understand that the sitting member presents
himself here with a majority of the largest vote
given in any congressional district in Missouri
during that year. In no congressional district,
