1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
any record, occurred in 1844 and 1849. At nei-
ther of these periods did the water rise to the top
of the levee at Cairo. Before the levee was per-
fected, water came into Cairo, and I am not sure
but that water came into Cairo in 1844; but since
the levee was perfected the papers show that the
water has never been over the levee at Cairo or
within several feet of the top of the levee. It is
as well protected from an overflow as any other
portion of the country. There is not only the
levee, but in building up the city of Cairo they
are filling up the streets. In regard to the keeping
of ammunition of which Admiral Poote speaks, it
would dampen it to keep it in the ground perhaps
anywhere there, but there is no difficulty in con-
structing buildings in Cairo in which to store am-
munition. There are structures in the city of Cairo
three or four stories high, built of brick, with
stone foundations, heavy buildings which have
stood there for years. The foundation at Cairo
is as solid as anywhere in the country. There
is no sinking of the buildings there—no trouble
in that respect.
Now, sir, even if the yard were not perma-
nently to be established at Cairo, and one should
eventually be established at Carondelet, or any
other point, a subsidiary or auxiliary yard is
deemed essential in the opinion of Admiral Foote
at Cairo. It is but a small appropriation that is
asked by this bill, $200,000, and it is only to be
used at the discretion of the President, if in his
opinion the good of. the public service requires
the establishment of a navy-yard there. With-
out the passage of this bill you have got to ex-
pend probably this amount of money anil per-
haps more in providing the means of repairing
your vessels at Cairo. During thin war, naval
vessels have repeatedly come to Cairo to be re-
paired and improved; and when there are no con-
veniences there for making repairs, it is attended
with very great expense. It will be a matter of
economy to make this appropriation. You will
have then some permanent place, and not have
to provide at great expense for the repair of each
vessel as she comes up.
Besides, sir, the corporate authorities of the
city of Cairo propose to donate to the Govern-
ment forty acres of land for the purposes of this
navy-yard and depot. Now, the Government has
to pay for the ground it uses, has to rent it, and
perhaps pay an extravagant price for it. Let the
Government have a location of its own. It is
but a stnall.sum that is asked for the purpose.
It is at the point where, without any fostering by
the Government, all the great expeditions for the
Southwest have been fitted out. It is the center
of commerce. It is the point of convergence of
rivers reaching thousands of miles in different
directions. It is the terminus of the Illinois
Central railroad. It is convenient to timber, it is
convenient to coal, and has all the advantages
that could be asked for as a location for a navy-
yard or any Government work.
Under these circumstances, 1 hope the Senate
will not adopt the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Iowa, which amounts to doing nothing
at all, which postpones the work at the very time
when we want it, puts it off indefinitely, because
if we are to wait for the report of a board of
naval officers, we cannot get that report until the
next session of Congress, and when the report
comes we are then to make provision for it, and
then another year is to transpire, so that that
proposition will require at least two years before
we can avail ourselves of the benefit of a naval
depot, and I trust this war is to be over sooner
than two years.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, it is very nat-
ural that both Senators from Illinois should feel
a very deep interest in the passage of this bill,
because it is the nucleus around which is to be
built up a very large establishment that will
greatly inure to the advantage of the State which
they have the honor to represent.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No more than yours.
Mr. GRIMES. It may not be any more than
to mine, as the Senator from Illinois seems to
think; but I do not entertain the opinions in that
regard that the Senator does. I suppose the
Senator does not intend, of course he does not
intend, to create any incorrect impression as to
the depth of the Mississippi river, nor does he
intend to convey a wrong idea when he refers to
the map which lies before htm and intimates to
us that that is a map published upon the authority
of the Engineer Eureau. I think the Senator is
mistaken in that; it is not a map published by
authority of the Engineer Bureau. The Engineer
Bureau never made any such survey as that of
the Mississippi river. Colonel Humphreys, now
brigadier general, and Mr. Abert made a survey
of the Mississippi river, but they never made
such soundings of the river as purport to be laid
down on that map. All there is on that map
which refers to Messrs. Humphreys and Abert is
a mere attachment, a piece of paper written and
stuck on to it, the map itself being nothing more
nor less than Lloyd's map of the lower Missis-
sippi, and they have adopted in that map what
are generally understood as the soundings of the
river, neither more nor less. They may be accu-
rate or they may not be. It is very important
for us to know what the soundings of the river
are before we proceed to establish a navy-yard
that is to be a permanent institution of the country.
The Senator says that it is a very small appro-
priation which is asked for. True, the amount
is not large as we look at things now, when we
are expending money by the million every day;
but it is the entering wedge by which the Senator
and the friends whom he represents expect to rive
the Treasury open hereafter to pour it out to as-
sist in.building up the swamp in the neighbor-
hood of Cairo.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Perhaps I ought to have
read the letter sent to me from the Department
with this map; I see that the Senator from Iowa
is laboring under a misapprehension. The De-
partment took this map and marked upon it the
depths. Lieutenant Woodruff, who was then in
charge, says in his letter:
"The iow-wnter depths on the santf-bars of the Missis-
sippi river from St. bonis to the Gulf will l)e noted upon
the map of tile lower Mississippi (Lloyd's) which he deliv-
ered to me, and it is sent to you with the information."
Mr. GRIMES. They have taken what are
considered and published in the pilots charts us
the ordinary water-marks. The engineers have
made no such survey. They do not know what
high-water marks or low-water marks are.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I can refer the Senator
to the report.
Mr. GRIMES. I have read the report of Col-
onel Humphreys. They do not profess to tell
and no man can tell in a fresh-water stream what
the average depth of the water is at particular
seasons of the year. You cannot go into the
Mississippi river and sound it and come here and
speak accurately as to the depth of water as you
can in salt-water streams, where the tide ebbs
and flows, and you have the same amount of
water from year to year.
But, Mr. President, the Senator relies, in his
suppori of the measure, upon a letter written by
Admiial Poote. Now, let us see what this letter
of Admiral Foote is. First, the Senate will re-
mark that it was written at Washington, after he
had retired from the command of the Mississippi
flotilla, and after he had had a year and a half's
experience in the Mississippi and the confluent
streams; and what does he^say? He says:
"Regarding the best location for a navy-yard, I must
frankly confess that 1 am noi at present prepaieil to give
an opinion wholly satisfactory to myself, not having visited
Memphis, nor given that attention to Carondelet, Cairo,
and Mound City which is requisite in one who is thus sud-
denly called upon for his views.5>
Admiral Foote, after he had been engaged in
commanding that flotilla and going up and down
those streams for eighteen months, frankly con-
fesses to his correspondent (and this correspond-
ence is published to convince us) that with all his
observation and experience he is not able to give
an opinion satisfactory to himself; and yet the
Senator from Illinois and the Naval Committee
of the Senate, without making any investigation
at all, except to elicit inquiries from interested
people who came here before them, have not any
doubt as to the propriety of establishing a naval
depot and navy-yard at Cairo. How much reli-
ance can we place on this report and this assump-
tion on the part of the Senator from Illinois, when
a man as capable of judging of that question as
Admiral Foote, who had had eighteen months'
experience running up and down these streams
in various kinds of vessels, confessed frankly
that he was incapable of coming to a correct con-
clusion, because his mind had not been directed
to the particular subjects of inquiry which it was
necessary for him to pursue in order to reach a
correct conclusion ? "
The Senate will have observed as the Senator
from Illinois read this letter that it was written to
Hon." J. W. Noell, a member of the House of
Representatives. The issue at that time seemed
to be between Carondelet and Cairo, and a con-
trast is drawn in the letter by Admiral Foote be-
tween these two points. Now, I wish it to bo
borne in mind by the Senate that thete are other
points than Cairo and Carondelet. There- are
points all along the lower Ohio and on the Mis-
sissippi river that ought to be investigated.
When Admiral Foote spoke of the necessity of
an auxiliary yard at Cairo if there should be one
established at Carondelet, he only spoke of thatas
being necessary in case the yard was established
at Carondelet. He says:
" If Carondelet should be selected for a navy-yard, a sub-
sidiary or auxiliary yard at Cairo or Mound City is believed
to be essential while the water between St. Louis and
Cairo is in its lowest stage."
But suppose that some other place is selected
than Carondelet for the- yard of construction,
then he does not pretend that it will be necessary
that there should beany auxiliary yard at Cairo.
It is only in case one of these two rival points
shall succeed that he says it will be necessary
there shall be two yards, an auxiliary yard to the
main one. Admiral Poote's idea was, Isuppose,
in that connection, that there should be a yard of
construction in the vicinity of St. Louis, where
mechanical labor could easily be obtained and
where there was not dampness, and where tim-
ber and material for naval purposes could be kept
and stored without deterioration, because he tells
us in this letter that the soil at Cairo " isslluvial,
and in the highest stage of water it is difficult at
times to prevent the overflow of thelevee,involv-
ing seiious damages of material and stores. This
was the case in May last."
The Senator told us that the highest water that
had ever been known was in 1844 and 1849, and
that in neither of those years did the water break
over the levee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Admiral Foote does not
mean to say that the water came over the levee,
but it was difficult to keep the stores.
Mr. GRIMES. Let us see what he says:
" And in the highest stage of water it is difficult, at times,
to prevent the overflow of the levee, involving senoua
damages of mateiial and stores. This was the case in
M; y last"—
I submit that the legitimate conclusion from
that language is that it did overflow and did de-
stroy the stores.
Mr. TRUMBULL. He did not mean that.
Mr. GRIMES. He says that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. He says it would be diffi-
cult to prevent it, and it was last May.
Mr. GRIMES—
" It Is difficult at times to prevent the overflow of the
levee, involving serious damages of material and stores.
This was the ease in May last—the powder and shell could
only be safely stored aboard of steamers lining the levee,
while it affords no safe place for a magazine or even store-
houses containing perishable articles."
And yet this is the place where it is proposed
to establish a permanent navy-yard ofthe United
States! Is it not known to every man here that
in consequence of the difficulties attending the
post of Cairo and the destruction of public prop-
erty that there has been there in consequence of
this dampness and from other causes, the ill-health
of the place, it has been necessary to remove the
naval depot to Mound City? Is it not known
that the whole profession connected with the Navy
believe that Cairo is the last place in the world at
which to establish it? Has not our own experi-
ence found that it was necessary to take it away
from there? Why is it that you propose to place
it at this point which has been tried by our ex-
perience and found wanting, instead of puttingit
at Mound City where we now have our naval
depot? It is said that Mound City may be in-
cluded in this bill. I do not believe it will be in-
cluded in the bill. I am perfectly well satisfied
if this bill shall pass the yard will be established
at Cairo, the very place of all others that the men
who have had the most experience in connection
with the subject, who know most about it, say is
the last place in the world to establish it.
Mr. President, Admiral Foote says:
"The importance of a navy-yard at some point on tlio
Mississippi river cannot be overestimated, especially lu
time of war.J?
