1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
105
whole matter, involving hundreds of millions of
dolkus, to the Court of Claims, that the Govern-
ment may now be forced to adjustment and set-
tlement, or whether we will wait until we can de-
term'ne'some general system by which justice
may be done to the claimants who should be paid
by the Government. When we come to examine
these claims we shall find that many are now
pressed upon the Government foradjustment and
settlement which have never been recognized at
any period by any Government. For the pur-
pose of reserving these questions until Congress
can devise some scheme for the adjustment of all
that should be adjusted, the committee have di-
rected me to report this bill. X thereforefeeldis-
fosed to press this bill on the House'at this time,
f the House shall determine that this jurisdiction
shall be conferred upon the Court of Claims and
the Treasury burdened beyond what it can bear,
the tesponsibility is not with me.
Mr. YEAMAN. In reply to the remark made
by the able chairman of the Committee on the
Judiciary, I make this suggestion: this bill says
that property taken or appropriated by the Army
or Navy shall not be adjudicated in the Court of
Claims. The Constitution says that the property
of citizens shall not be taken without just com-
pensation. Yet it is taken, and it is declared upon
the face of this bill that we shall have no remedy
in the courts of the country.
Mr. WILSON. The gentleman will allow me
to correct him. The bill provides simply that the
Court of Claims shall not have jurisdiction in the
classes of cases mentioned in the bill. It does not
deprive citizens of any of the other remedies^vhich
they have heretofore had.
Mr. YEAMAN. By the bill, the claims are
left, not upon the law of the case, hut upon the
will of the House, which has never time to inves-
tigate them.
Mr. MALLORY. I hope the House will not
proceed now to pass this bill. As my colleague
and the honorable gentleman from Pennsylvania
remarked, there is a large number of claims held
by the people against the Government which are
just, and we want some tribunal which can decide
upon the validity of those claims. If, through in-
advertence, jurisdiction was given to the Court of
Claims by the last Congress, why notletitremain
until Congress shall provide some other tribunal
to which all these matters may be referred? When
that is done, you can deprive the Court of Claims
of this jurisdiction. Let the jurisdiction remain,
and in case Congress shall fail to provide some
other tribunal for adjudication, we $hall have a
court to which we can go.
I hopefor that reason the House will not vote
for the bill reported by the chairman of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WILSON. I now renew the demand for
the previous question; and upon that I demand
tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs.Wilson and
Eldridge were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes 69, noes 39.
So the previous question was seconded,and the
main question-was ordered to be put.
Mr. STEVENS. As the bill is not open to
amendment, I move to lay it upon the table; and
upon that I demand the yeas and nays.
■ The yeas and nays were ordered. _
The question was taken; and it was decided ill
the negative—yeas 59, nays 82; as follows:
Messr-. William J. Allen, Ancoiia, Anderson,
Jacob !5. Blair, Illiss, Biooks, William G. Blown, Chanler,
(!|av. Cufl'ioll), t;o\, Cravens, tavain, Dcnnison., I'rtcn,
Iab-ei ton, nidi nine, Fmck, Hall, Ifeiriek, Elolman, W i Uaiii
John-oil, Kall.llei.cll, Kellev, Knapp Law, Le I.loml,
I,on.>. Million", McDowell, MoKlimey, William II.•
Janie.- It. Mm us, Mnrri-on, Nelson, Noble Jonn O Ncill,
Oi th, Pom*, Samuel J. Randall. iihamJI. luindii
AYW—Messrs. AIU'V. ^IH^, „ v '
John D. Baldwin, BaUci, Blame. Blow, Loutw.'ll IU.i i-
Bronmntl, S. limwn. AiiiIh^t U . U.uk,
Cobb, Cote, flonrv Wiutit pawc**,
Doming. Dixon, r.uot, Emrli-h. l\mi-\voiih. Jm-ii
ton, FiVuk, ftan-on, Ooooh.(Ju^woM, llaio. H'pbv. IloU'h-
kiv 'Wild YT. Unbbaui. John 11 HnblMrd, fhtlmuJ. Ju-
lian! Ka-sou, Fra'ien \V K ■No™. Oilando KHloiia. K«'i-
iian. Iviim. I.azoii). Loan, Lonsif.", Mamn,
MrlSiido McCluts.', Sa-itifl F. iMiiloi, Mooiiiead. Mori ill,
Danit'l Mrniis Am"" Leonard Norton,
Od< 11 (iMilcsU'A'eiitJ'OiMllctoJi.PeUi.uiijPjivr.U.mc ro\\
Trice \IoAdndcr II. Uicc, John II. Rico, Sclienckjfecoflekl,
Shannon, Smitliers, Spalding, Stebbms, Thayer, Thomas,
Tracj, Upbon, Van VaJkcnburgh, EUhu B. Washbume,
William B. Washburn, Williams, Wilson, Wlndom, and
Woodbndge—-82.
So the House refused to lay the bill on the table.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. UPSON announced that Mr. Beaman was
detained from the House by.illneSs.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. With a view to
allow the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] to
offer a verbal amendment, which is perhaps ma-
terial to the accomplishment of. the purposes of
the bill, I move to reconsider the vote ordering
the previous question.
Mr. WILSON. I merely wish to state to the
House that I hope that will not be done. While
1 do not think that the point made by. the gentle-
man from Ohio lies against the bill, still I may
state that the same objection covered bythe amend-
ment the gentleman proposes, is involved in an-
other bill which the committee is now consider-
ing. The object of this bill is only to keep the
matter in the hands of Congress until it can be
set right by more complete investigation. 1 there-
fore hope we will pass tlie bill.
Mr. S'CHENCK. I have not made any point.
Mr. WILSON. I made my remark upon what
was stated to me by the gentleman from Mary-
land. •
Mr. SCHENCIC. I prefer that the vote should
be reconsidered m order to afford an opportunity
to make this bill better, to say the least, than it
is as it now stands, and I prefer not to await some
other probable legislation to take place upon some
other proposition before the House to amend what
seems to be a very fatal defect in this bill.
This bill, the House must have observed, pro-
vides that there shall be no jurisdiction taken in
cases where property has either been destroyed
or injured orappropiiatedfortheuseofihe Army.
Now every one knows that it is the common prac-
tice to appropriate property, and, where there is
no money in the hands of the quartermaster, to
give certificates of indebtedness, and those are out-
standing claims justly against the Government.
This bill, it seems to me, is too sweeping. While
I agree with the gentleman that we ought to cut
off from the Court of Claims any construction of
the law under which that court was organized,
which will give the court a right to look at ques-
tions of tort, of wrong, of incidental damage, we
ought not to make our legislation so broad as to
cutoff the consideration of such cases as these I
have referred to. _ *
Mr. PARNSWORTH. I would inquire if the
law does not now authorize the payment of claims
for property appiopriated by the Army for which
certificates have been given by quartermasters?
Mr. PENDLETON. I shall object to further
debate unless the previous question is reconsid-
ered, so that the debate may be open to all.
Mr. WILSON. I hope it will not be recon-
sidered. I call for tlniyeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 73, nays 71; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Aneona, Anderson.
Jacob I!. Blair, Bliss, iliooks,Broomall, James S. Brown,
William G. Brown, Clmnler, Coflrotli, Cole, Cox, Cravens,
Cie-well, U.'niy Winter Davis, Daw son, Dcnnison, Eden,
Edwrton, Eklndae, Find-:, Gat field, Hall, Hardin", Hcr-
riek, William Johnson, KalMlcNch, Kel!ey,King, Knapp,
Law, Xiazeai, Le Blond. Long. Mnlloiy, Marry, McAllis-
ter, McKinnoy, William II. Miller, James ii. Morris, Mor-
rison, Amos M \ ok, Leonaid Myers, Nelson, Noble, diaries
O'Neill, John 'O'Neill, Oitii. Pendleton, William H. Ran-
dall, Robinson, Hocers. James S. l!ollin<\ Ross, Sehenek,
Scott, Smith, fcSpaldina. John B Steele, William G.Steele,
Stevens, Stiles, Strouse, Sweat, Webster, Whaley, Chilton
A. White, Joseph W. White, Wilh.uns, Wintieli), Fer-
nando Wood, and Voaman—73
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ame--, Arnold, Baily,
John ]). Baldwin. Baxter. Blame. Blow, Boutwell, Bovd,
lirandeitee, Aaibio.-e W. CI.ok. i-Vemail Ckuke, Cobb,
Thomas T- Dnvis, Dawes, Deimng, Di von. Driae;s, Eekley,
Eliot, English, r.irn-wortli, Fenton, Frank, Oanson,
Gooeh,(II;uneH, Criswold, Ilalc. Higln, Holman, Ilooprr,
Ilotcbkisj, A-nhel W. Hubbard, Jolm H Hubbard, Julian,
Francis W. KcHosre, OilandoKello"!;, Kenian, Loan, Long-
year, Lovejoy, Maivm, MetJnde. Samuel F. Miller. Moor-
head. Daniel Moin-, Norton, Odd!, Patter-on, Perbam,
Pike.' I'onieroy, Price. Alexander H. Hice, John H. Rice,
Scolield,Shannon, Sinitlier.-,Stebbiri-.Thayoi/I iae\. Up-
son, Van Viilkcribuijrh. Elihn 11. W.isiitiuiue. Willi,on IS.
Wa-llbu. a, Wlldi-i. Wll-ou, and Wiiidom—71
So the vote- ordering the main question was
j lecou-ndeted.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, informed the House that the Senate
had passed joint resolution H. R.. No. 15, to pro-
vide for printing the annual report of the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue; and joint resolu-
tion H. R. No. 16, to continue the bounties here-
tofore paid.
MEMBER SWORN IN.
Mr. WEBSTER. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege. One of the members elect from Missouri
[Mr. Blair] is present, and is ready to take the -
oath of office.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, appeared anil took
the oath of office prescribed by the act of July 2,
1862.
JURISDICTION OF COURT OF CLAIMS.
The question recurred upon ordering the bill
reported from the Judiciary Committee to be en-
grossed and read a third time.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. I am in favor of
this bill so fur as I have been enabled to discover
what its.contents are in the brief period that has
been allowed for its consideration, but I do not
believe in the principle of putting bills through
under the whip and spur which involve as seri-
ous consecjuencesas does the one now under con-
sideration. If forced to vote upon the bill now, I
shall certainly vote in favor of it, because I be-
lieve the general principle is correct; but I think
we should have it printed, and have time to con-
sider it. i therefore move that the bill be referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and be printed.
Mr. SCHENCK. While I was on the floor
before, Mr. Speaker, I sent to the Clerk's desk
an amendment which, if read now, will indicate
the view which I have in desiring to have this bill
laid over for further consideration. I ask to
.have it read. '
The Clerk read, as follows:
Add to the bill the words 11 except in cases sounding in
contract, wheru material, food, forage, or other property
for the actual use of the Government lias been taken, a>«d
certificates orotber evidences of indebtedness in writing
from some proper authority given therefor."
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 am going to vote, Mr.
Speaker, for the reference of this bill to the Com-
mittee of the-Whole on the state of the Union,
unless its friends will agree to have it amended
in the House. Iam not willing to trust that some
future legislation even by this Congress will amend
defects which seem to be apparent in this bill itself.
I prefer, if possible,- to have this bill perfected as
a whole, leaving other legislation on other points
involved in the same general question to come
up in its turn and be considered on its own merits.
Mr. WILSON. .1 desire to ask the gentleman
from Ohio whether he intends by his amendment
to cover any claims against the. Governmentex-
cept those which come from the quartermaster's
and commissary departments?
Mr. SCHENCK. Yes, sir. The engineers
may have taken timber. I intend to coverall the
cases where material, food, forage, or other prop-
erty, has been actually taken and used for the
purpose of the Army. Contracts are sometimes
defective; forms are sometimes not such as to
carry the claim through the Department and have
allowance made. 1 am not willing to close the
doors of the Court of Claittis or of any other tri-
bunal against the fair consideration of claims for
such materials actually used by the Government
in the prosecution of this war. I have another
purpose, which will show why I prefer to take
this position now. I am told that there will bea
bill introduced providing for some sort of depart-
mental court or tribunal which shall take into
consideration all questions of tort, all claims for
damages of every kind done to property during
the progress of this war, in order that proper al-
lowance may be made. 1 understand that some
such bill is likely to be introduced.
Mr. WILSON. I know nothing about that.
Mr! SCHENCK. Very well. I will develop
what 'l consider to be the proper policy on this
subject. I hold that all these claims sounding in
contract, all these instances where pronerty, ma-
terial, subsistence, has been actually taken, an(l
whete the Government'has had the benefit of it,
oughi to be paid for. Under the rules of the court
they will be paid for only to loyal claimants. But
they ought to be paid for. I do not hold that it is
safe for us to attempt to go any further. I know
that there is a vast number of cases that will
arise hereafter under claims against the Govern-
