1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
.2187
with perhaps one exception, was there a larger
vote thrown.
Mr. LOAN. It was the largest vote in the State.
Mr. ELIOT. I am told thet it was the largest
in the Stale. I find by the report that the whole
number of votes was 13,803. Of these Mr. Loan
received 6,589, Mr. Bruce received 4,554, and Mr.
Branch received 2,665. We find that the voters
throughout the district exercised their rights to
that extent. Where was the terror that acted
upon the men who would have voted for Mr.
Bruce? Where was the terror that paralyzed the
men who gave their votes for Mr. Bianch? No,
sir; we have to settle this matter upon the proof;
and with the proof before us, we have to ascer-
tain whether it be true that the majority upon
which Mr. Loan stands, and has a right to stand,
can be overcome.
That brings us to theevidence. Iftheevidence
overcomes that majority, Mr. Loan has no right
to his seat, and we are bound tifsay so. I am
not hero not to say so; but I am not here to aid
in turning out a loyal man because it is charged
that one or two thousand men, or any number of
men, were kept from the polls without proof of
the fact.
There are thirty-four witnesses who have been
examined, and upon the evidence I cannot find
that thirty-four voters were intimidated and driven
from the polls. There was a poll-book torn up
in one precinct i*pon which it is said there were
about one hundred names, and that of those
hundred names nine tenths voted for the contest-
ant. That might give to him 130 additional votes.
And I find no proof in this document that more
than that number of men qualified to vote were
kept from the polls in that dislrict upon that day.
Now, sir, how is it that of the intelligent gen-
tlemen, conversant with work of this kind, who
compose the Committee of Elections, five of them
should be found to say that the sitting member
ought not to have his seat because the election
was not a fair and free one?
I will not go over the whole testimony, but I
will refer to enough of it to show the character
of the whole, and to show upon what the ma-
jority of the committee base their report.
The first witness is a man who was a candi-
date for the office of justice of the peace, a Mr.
Edward J. ICnapp. He lives in St. Joseph, in
Buchanan county, a county from which, perhaps,
. more rebels had gone into the southern army
than from any other one in this district. He tes-
tifies of what occurred in two voting places. In
fact he says he attended four. He says he was
at the Allen House, the market-house, the court-
house, and a precinct near the Harness House.
But he gives evidence concerning only two, and
therefore it would appear from his testimony, at
least negatively, that he saw no trouble in either
of the precincts in reference to which he gave no
evidence. He testifies in relation to the market-
house and Allen House precincts. Well, sir,
this general question was asked him:
"State, from what you saw and lie.ud on that day, how
many persons wore prevented from voting by intimidation
or interference by the militia at thn seveial precincts in St.
Joseph on that day."
To that general question he gave this general
answer:
"A great many; in lny opinion one fourth of the votes."
Now, he was at two places, and he tells us
what he saw at those two places. And that is the
proof upon which we must rest. We have no
right to be guided by his guess.
The next witness but one, Samuel Ensworth,
m answer to the same general question, says:
" I think there wen: at least one thousand votes that were
not taken on account of improper influences broughl to
bear against the voters."
He attended two voting prccmcts, and only two.
He swears to the whole county, as Mr. Knapp
swears to the city of St. Joseph.
"One fourth the vote." What is that evidence
worth? Are we prepared to say upon this proof
that one fourth the votes in St. Joseph were af-
fected? What does Mr. Knapp state as coming
within his own knowledge? He says he saw
John Gowie somewhat hardly handled; but fur-
ther on it appeared that John Cowie voted. He
did not lose his vote. Mx. Bruce received his
vote. He says:
"T have no recollection of hearing anything said calcu-
lated to intimidate voters prior to the day of diction."
That is an important fact: a man living in
that community, who mingled with the people
there, and yet heard nothing said about any in-
tended violence prior to the election. If that fact
be true, it goes far to give the negative to the state
of facts which is represented to have existedhy
the chairman of the Committee of Elections. This
witness, Knapp, states, however, that on the day
of the election he saw Cooper B. Colman, James
B. Pendleton, and several others, legal voters,
leave the polls without voting, on account of in-
terference with Mr. Cowie. Well, what of that?
It does not appear that Cooper B. Colman had
not voted earlier in the day. The witness does
not negative that supposition at all. Onthe cross-
examination the questioh is asked:
" Did von hear any threats or see any violence used
against Cooper 13. Colman to preventiiini from voting?"
Well, sir, I wanted to know that fact; but the
record says in reference to the question, " Ruled
out by court on account of irrelevancy." Why.
was it not relevant? If the answer was not a
proper one, this House could rule it out. If it
was relevant, the House has the right to judge
of it. But the question was not permitted to be
put, and the fact that it was ruled out by Judge
Tutt goes far to establish what were the feelings
of the magistrate. The facts as they appear in
this case show that this magistrate, Tutt, was
himself a partisan of the contestant.
Now, Mr. speaker, the testimony coming from
this man shows that three peisons may have been
intimidated. They are all that he knows of. He
could'not have known anything beyond the pre-
cincts tlmt he attended, tie does not give facts.
He gives no circumstances. He heard nothing
until the day of election. And I put it to the
House that there would be no propriety, there
would in fact be indecency, in giving to this test-
imony any more weight than that he saw three
persons who he believes were qualified voters who
were not permitted to vote.
Then comes the testimony of Samuel Ens-
worth. I want to call the attention of the House
to it, because I suppose that he is one of the strong
witnesses upon which the majority of the Com-
mittee of Elections would rely. But before I do
the^ I want to call the attention of the House to
another fact, showing the mind of this magistrate.
Mr. Orton M. Loomis was called as a witness.
In the course of his examination two questions
were put to him. They are to be found on page
64.
• " 1. Did jou, befoie said election and during the present
rebellion, evei raise what is known as a secession flag on
youf premises? If so, was if raised m public view, and
how long was it kept up on your premises ?
" 2. Were you ever arrested and placed in jail by Fed-
cial troops? If so, when and for what wore you arrested?"
Those questions did not appear in the depo-
sitions. They were put by the counsel who rep-
resented Mr. Loan. I should like to know the
character of that witness. Mr. Loomis states
some matters of opinion. I should like to know
whether his opinion is one in which I should have
confidence. The magistrate certifies that during
the examination of that witness the afoiesaid
questions were asked, and that he refused to suffer
them to appear upon the record. He says that he
considers them impertinent,and unworthy of the
case to record these questions as to the loyalty or
disloyalty, of the witness who is giving opinions
which are"Vipposed will influence the judgment
of this House. He objected to these questions.
Mr. Bruce, or the counsel representing him, did
object to them. The judgadid what I have rarely
known done anywhere. He not only refused to
record the questions which were put m thedepo-
sitions and to take answers subject to the objec-
tion, but to have them recorded at all. He ruled
them out as irrelevantand impertinent to thecase.
Mi. BRUCE, (contestant.) The gentleman
from Massachusetts states that " Mr. Bruce or
his counsel objected to those questions." If the
gentleman will look through the record he will
find that neither on my partnoron the part of my
counsel was there one objection to thegentleman
asking uny questions whatever. He vvill, on the
contrary, find more than fifty objections on the
part of the sitting member.
Mr. ELIOT. I find that these two questions
were objected to. I do not know that it is stated
anywhere by whom they were objected to. 1 do
not mean to say that Mr. Bruce objected. I said
that Mr. Bruce or His counsel objected. If it.be
trse that neither Mr: Bruce nor his counsel ob-
jected, then I withdraw the remark. This magis-
trate not only objected to theevidence being taken,
but to the questions being put upon the fecord.
If this be so, it shows that this magistrate was
nptin acondition to take testimony involving the
loyalty or disloyalty of any man. He was not
in a condition to give an opinion.which should
have any weight in this House.
I come now to the testimony of Samuel Ens-
worth. He undertakes to give an opinion as to
the whole county of Buchanan.
"Question. State if you heard of any threats of interfer-
ence by tiie enrolled militia or others previous to the elec-
tion on the 4tli of November, 1862, with the voters at said
election, or at any time.
"Jinsu-er. I do not recollect that I heard of threats made
before the election, but heard often that threats were made
print to the election that persons enrolled under Order Ho.
24, and secessionists, would not be permitted to vote on the
day of die election; I heard oftentimes tlneats that sueli
peisons would not be permitted to vote.
" Question. State your opinion, from all the facts that
came to your knowledge, how many voteiswere prevented
from voting by intimidation or interference by the enrolled
militia and others with the polls and with voters from vot-
ing on the 4th day of November, 1862, at the election in
Buchanan county, Missouii.
"[The opinion of the witness objected to, under'the
abovo question, by B. F. Loan, as being illegal.]
"Jlnswer. I think there were at least 1,000 votes that
were not taken on aecountof improper influences brought
to bear against the voters.
" Question. The class of voters alluded to above: please
state what ticket was deprived of their votes by this inter-
ference, m your opinion.
"[Tile above question objected to, because it calls for
the opinion of ihe witness upon an imaginary state of facts
that witness don't pietend to iiave any knowledge of. The
above question objected to by li. F. Loan.]
"Jlnswer. I can't say what particular ticket they would
have voted; but do not think that the nominees of the
unconditional Onion ticket weie deprived of many votes.
" Question. How did you intend to vote between Brace
and Loan?"
" Jlnswer. I should have voted for Mr. Loan.
" Question. How many men did you see vote on that
day, to the best of your knowledge ?
"jlnswer. I cannot tell how many I saw vote. I was
ill the market-house several times in the morning and saw
several persons vote, and also two or three times at the
Allen House in the morning, and saw several persons vote
there ; after dinner r was at the market-liouse again, and
the table where they were voting was surrounded by an
excited crowd, among which were many of the enrolled
militia, and it was difficult to get up to the voting place,
and I did not consider it safe for a person that was odious
to the crowd to go there to vote, and I left disgusted."
But this witness intended to vote for Mr. Loan.
How was he " odious to the crowd?" If his test-
imony can be relied on the " crowd" musthave
been his friends.
Now. what is that evidence worth ? I do not
care what Ensworth thinks. We do not any of
us care what he thinks. We want to know what
he knows; and we will do the thinking for our-
selves. He thinks thousands of votes were kept
from the polls. What factslfrocs lie know? He
was himself at only two precincts in the county
of Buchanan. He was at the Allen House, and
tells us what he saw there. He was at the mar-
ket-house, and tells us what he saw there. He
was there but a little while, and he has narrated
all the facts within his reach, but there is not a
fact he gives us as a foundation upon which to
rest these sweeping opinions.
Mr. UPSON. I desire to remind thegentleman
that there are eighteen precincts in Buchanan
county.
Mr. ELIOT. 1 will say that I have not heea
able to find any evidence as to the precise nuin-
berof precincts in Buchanan county; butthe gen-
eral estimate is that there are about ten precincts
in each county. But it seems there are eighteen
in Buchanan; and this Mr. Ensworth attended at
two of them; and he tells us everything he saw
there. Now, what is his opinion covering the
whole county worth?
lie was asked how heintended to vote,and he
says to us that he intended to vote for Mr. Loan.
That fact is made a point. It has been urged in
the argument, and is used in the report, that here
is a witness who intended to vote for Mr. Loan,
and who comes before the judge and gives the
opinions as 1 have stated. He says, in answer
to the question whether he heard any person in
the crowd he says were at the doorspeak against
Mr. Bruce, that he does not recollect hearing Mr.
Bruce's name mentioned. Again, when asked
whether he saw any person in that crowd intim-
idated from voting for Bruce, he replied:
«I cannot say that 1 lieard John 1'. Brace's name men-
