1212
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21,
"The right of eminent domain give* to the legislative
authoiity the control ot private pioperty for public list's,
subject to the condition that a icasonablo and just compen-
sation shall be made to the owner whenever his piopeity
is taken." (Hamilton us. Annapolis and Elk lUdi^e Rail-
road Company, 1 Maryland Olian. Decis., 107, inj'-i a 47, 48,
50.52.) "
u It is a portion of the inherent sovereignty of a State,
when public necessity or utility requues it, to appiopuate
to the public use private property, upon securing to the
owner a just compensation for any injury hi; may receive.
This is an exeici&e of the right of erri incut domain as con-
tradistinguished from the taxing power." (5 Maryland,
314.)
In Maryland the right of eminent domain does not au-
thorize the Government to take private propeity for public
uses without making compensation to the owner, even if
there were no provision in the constitution restricting it;
but such appiopriation by law, without compensation,
would hem conflict with the sixth and twenty-first articles
-of the bill of lights." (Ilarnes vs Chesapeake and Ohio
Canal Company, 1 Maryland Chan. Decis., 248.)
" The constitutional prohibition against taking private
properly for public u->e until compensation has been paid or
tendered means the actual taking, and not the preliminary
steps of surveying and assessment of damages, wlii'-h do
not require such tender in oider to i*e legal." (Sic wait vs.
Mayor of Baltimore, 7 Mainland, 5U0.)
North Carolina:
fi The twenty first section of the Tennessee bill of riplit.--,
declaim® 'that no man's particular services thai! be de-
manded or property taken or applied to public ihc without
the consent of his representatives or without compensa-
tion betmr made therefor,' means that pioperty shall be
taken only when the Legislatuie have authouzed such
taking by a pievious law, under such regulations to prevent
Abuse and oppression as their wisdom may pre&eiibe.'5
(Barrow vs, Paige, 5 Haywood, 97.)
"A division ot militia in the service of the United States,
though lie could piocurc forage, Stc., in no other way, was
held to be an actionable trespass upon the owner." (5
Haywood, 97.)
Ohio:
" The property of a man which has been appropriated to
public use must be held to he taken withm the moaning of
tlio constitution of Ohio, of 38<)si, after an ordinance to that
effort lias been passed. If compensation is secured before
the property is taken, it is stWheient, It need nor be act-
ually paid to the owner." (Jackson v?. Winn, 4 I.iuell,
333. See also Mercer vs. Me Williams, Wtighf, 13*2; Ihites
vs. Cooper, Uamon, Ohio, U5; Young vs. Buckingham,
5 Hamon, Ohio, 485; Wellyaid vs< Hamilton, 7 Uamon,
Ohio, pait 2, 119.)
u Three disinteiested freeholders of the county wheie
the pioperty is amiatcd, appoints! by a judge of a court ot
record, ate a sufficient tribunal to'asse^." (Cleveland
and Pittsbuigh Railroad Co., 5 Ohio, new mm ie^, 140.)
Wisconsin:
SvActs authorizing the flowing of lands of other* by the
crection ofnnii dams aie constitutional if they provideduo
cotupensaiiou thetei'or, such flowing being taken lot public
U'sC." (Allien w Voegtlander, 3 Wisconsin, 401.)
" Open, niKMiltli'ated, and utnuclosed land, when owned
by individuals, is pnvate pioperty within the meaning ol
that arti< In m the Constitution which prohibits the taking
nf such ptoprrrv tor public u^e without < on^en'-ation.'"
(Norton vs. Peck, 3 Wisconsin, 714. i
WA plea of justification o( taking land for a highway is
bad if ir omit to bet fouh that any damage.^ were awaid^d
or compensation made lor sueh taking, aecoiding to the
Constitution." (Norton vs. Peek, d \Viscon>in, "ill.)
Georgia:
"The light of eminent domain, bv which the State of
Gcoigia is authorized to take, private pioperty foi public
use, when tin: uuee^mes ol the country require it, is an
inherent right of theOoveinmntit; although, under the con-
stitution, compensation must be made to the owner ot piop-
erty so taken." (Young fs\ ilairison, (5 Georgia, Kj(M
"The Georgia act ot Jb34 authorized the in Jen or com ts
of the several counties m the State to grant fho nghtof pi i-
v.ue ways, in certain ca^es, but contained no piovi^ioii lor
making any just compensation to the owuei of the lamN
which might he taken lor sueh private ways. Held that it
was unconstitutional and void." (Biewer us. Uowman, 0
Georgia, 37.)
^ t£ The general rule tn,ihntprivate piopeity ennnot be taken
foi public n?.e withon! juM. compensation, and cannot b'> «^o
taken without  n act ot the Legisiatme authorising it, and
i bract muM make pi uwr-lonior t lie compensation." (I'ark-
Oj'l') rS' *'1'1C ^>ec;itur county, 9 Georgia,
"That provision ot the Federal Constitution winch pro-
hibit: the taking of pu\ate piopertv lor public use without
just compensation was held to be an affirmance nf a great
principle of the common law." (9 Georgia. U4l.)
" The value of laud takm for public use not restricted
to its ngi icidruial ot produi-tive qualities, but inquny may
he made as to all other {'•gitunatw puipoacs to which the
property could be apptopriaied," (ilain-on v$. Young, 0
Geoigia, 359 )
"It should lequire a strong ease to ju^tifc the courts in
interfering with piivate right-*, except lor public purposes,
and making a just compensation; that is going quite, tar
enough " (Kowou v* ftoy«*ton,9l Geoigs'a K., 101.)
"The Legijslatmo cannot divest a man ot hi.-. pmpiuty
again.stlns will without compensation." (Powers n. Arm-
strong, H> Geo.-yia, 407.)
" In othei ca>e< paities taking private property without
fir-'t making compensation ma> be enjoined.,} (37 Missis-
sippi, 6 Gcoigi.i, J7J.)
" /n fti.tiinaiuitr damages' to wfiieh a party h entitled
whose land has been t.iken foMhe ptupo-cof a levee, no
deduction can constitutionally be made for probable ben-
efits to result to him from &avtng Ins property fiom a pros-
pective flood.'-' (37 Mississippi, 8Georgia, *172.)
Tennessee:
" When land is taken for the conduction tff a railroad,
the 'jiust compensation' which the Constitution secutes to
the owitei Is: tht; value of the laud at the time it is taken,
without deducting therefrom any benefit oi advantage he
may in fact or by supposition denve from the making of
the road in the appreciation of his remaining land or othei
wisp. Hut so far as incidental benefits- and damages aie
involved, the Legislature inav take sueh regulations as aie
deemed proper m the way of placing one as a set-oft against
the others. (Woodfold t'i. Nashvilleand Chattanooga Liail-
load Company, 2 Swan, Tennessee, 4&2.)
Mississippi:
"The Legislature has general power to pass laws pro-
viding for measures ot internal impiovement of the public
livers and other highways withm the limits of the State,
subject only to the lcstrictions and limitations in the con-
stitution. One of these tesfrictions is, that private prop-
city shall not be taken or applied to the public use without
jus-t compensation. Tins clause applies to propeity of a
specific, fked, and tangible natuie, capable of being had in
possesion and transmitted to another, as houses, lands,
and chattels." (Homochitto Paver vs. Withers, 29 Missis-
sippi II., 7 Curbing, P'igc 21.)
" Without compensation, for the purpose of making the
piehinmaiy examinations and *uiveys before the location
ot the ro.ui. piivate pioperty may be taken." (25 Missis-
sippi, 4 Jones;, 5277.)
"Undei the piovision of the bill of rights of Mississippi,
'that no por?nur* piopeity shall be taken m applied to pub- i
he use without the const utot the Legislature,and without |
a j list co in pen-at ion first being made tiiei efoithe compen-
sation must piocede the Semite tor public uses." (Thomp-
son t'c. Giand Gulf Railroad and banking Company,3 ilow-
aid, Mississippi R., 210.)
" A ptovision, theretore, in the charter of a railroad cor-
poration, authorizing the company to take the land of indi-
viduals without providing for such previous compensation,
is void " (3 Ilowaid, Mi.-i iss-ippi, 240.)
" When, and only when, the public necessity is so ur-
gent as to admit of no delay, property may be taken with-
out first making compensation," (I'enrice us. Walks, 37
Mississippi, 8 Georgia 172.)
"Under a constitution ptoviding that private property
cannot he taken for public use without justcompensation,
n would be incompetent for the LeaivUnue to declare that
in assessing the compensation the benefits to he deuved by
the landowner from the public n>e of his land should be
tnken into at count " (Newly vs. Platf Count}, 25 Mis-
sissippi, 4 Jones, 2.VM
'• Coder thegeiietal lailroad law of Missouri, no entry
lor the putpose oi ennstrueting a railroad upon land taken
undei the rudit of eminent domain can be justified until
the compel^.ition has been actually* paid." (Walthcr rs.
Wat ncr, 2.) Mt-jsissippij 4 Joiu^. 277.)
Indiana:
The constitution of Indiana, articles one and seven,does
not requue that compensation shall be made beiore pi ivate
piopeiiy is uiken toi public il eb (McCormick vs. La Fay-
ette, 1 < 'alter, Indiana, IH.)
" When a public work is authorized by the Legislature,
and a mode oi obtaining < ompensatiou fut piivat'- piopeity
taken therelnt is spp<*ifieally piescnhed, such compensa-
tion must be sought in ihe mannei so pieseribcd, and not
othei wise.'1 (Kimble v* The White Watei Valhsy Canal
Co , 1 <-«uter. Indiana, 2^5.)
(Jalilornm:
" The eompens.Hion mu-t be the \alue oftJic piopert) at
the time of the pa\ ment 1' (13 Cahloini 1. 3i)6.)
" Ample meiins oi comptuisation must be provided before
piivate pioperty can !><• tiiken foi public uses, <n an injunc-
tion will i-*ue .iiiauisT the State ininistejia! otlieei'3. (Me-
(J,inn v<:. Sti'iia County, 7 California, 121.)
" Piivate ptop(>ity cannot be t-tken by a municipal cor-
poiattou foi public use without comp« ns.itiou or piovi>lou
tln-ieloi, and it nunc is made the paity maj retake the piop-
ertN'."1 (Colton vs. Ilossj, 9 Caliionna, 595 )
Damages must he paid or seemed beloic tfae pn^perty
is taken.M (Hens-ley vs. Mountain Lake, Co., 13 Cali-
fornia K., 3Ut>.)
"Nought aci'ruesto the taker until such pnvitfent be
made. 01 tsi cui itv be gtvui." (13 Califoi nia, 30i>.)
" Piivate piopeity cannot be-takenforpuhlic u- e without
compensation being made beioie theeui/en is divested of
his nghts." (San Fianciscim. jscott, 4 Caluoruia K., 114.)
Vn-ima:
"The iianchise as well as the piopeitj of the citizen may
fie taken lm public uses, upon makmyjust conipcas.iuou
tlieielor."" (Jame^ Kuer and Kan. Co. ? 5. Thompson, 3
Giatten, 270.')
'• I'm ate piopeity may be taken for public use, piovided
that in all ea-es just compensation i.s made to the owner.11
(Oonnaher is. State, S. Sc M., 619.)
Massachusetts:
" Tt is incident to the sovereignty of everv Government
that it may tak3 pnvute piope'tt\* tor public use, of the
necessity or expedient y ot winch the Government rnu&t
judge. But the ohligvtion to make ju-t eompensation is
concomitant with the 1 Udit." (Pei Baldwin J . 1 fialdwln
2^0; per Lane J., 4 HanionV Ohio, 2.73; Cooper is. Wil-
liams, 7 Gieculcaf, 273, Spaii'4 Ilus3^lj, 3 Watls. 294;
Ileni-y r?. Cndervvtiod, i T>ana. 247; Clhua/s. i e\mgton,
See., fiailroad Company, 1 Dana, 233; Perry is. Wd&on, 7
MdbS.,39j.)
The numerous authorities cited, with which
there are none in conflict, clearly establish these
positions: fust, that private property can be taken
by the Government of the United States, or of the
several {States, only for public vse; second, that ;
the owner is entitled to the fair and reasonable :
intrinsic value of the property; third, that the as- I
certainment of that value is a judicial question,
and the mode of ascertaining it a judicial or quasi-
judicial proceeding, and therefore not to be done
by Congress or the Legislatures of the States, be-
cause their powers and functions are exclusively
legislative; fourth, the value of the property must
be paid or secured to the owner before it can he
legally taken from him, otherwise the title remains
with him unimpaired, and any person disturbing
his possession of it is a trespasser and subjects
himself to a suit; fifth, the chancellor will upon
application restrain the officer, United States or
State, from taking possession of the property or
interfering with the owner in its use; sixth,until
the value of the property as determined by the
contract of the owner, or by some judicial mode
of proceeding, is paid or secured to the owner, he
has the right to hold possession of the property
against any and all United States or State officers,
and to repel all forcible attempts to divest him
of it with the force necessary and proper for that
end, and if it result in slaying the official tres-
passer he will be excused as he would be if the
trespasser was an unofficial person.
The taking of private property against the con-
sent of the owner is one of the highest and most
repulsive acts of political sovereignty; hence gen-
eral law and the constitutions of the United States
and most of the States allow this to be done only
for public use. That is, as a necessary agency to be
used in some operation or business of Govern-
ment; and the cases in which itcan be legitimately
taken are to be ad judged by the general and com-
bined principle of delegation, limitation, and re-
striction which pervades the Constitution and the
Government it forms. We are now in a great
war to put down the biggest rebellion that ever
loomed up in the civilized world. Soldiers and
supplies aie necessary to enable the Government
to carry on this war. That is the legitimate oper-
ation of th*e Government. Granting that it is ne-
cessary to have slave men as soldiers to fight our
battles against the iebels,and to enable the white
men of the loyal States to hold the country and
enforce its laws, youdo not propose to makesol-
dieis of, or to appropriate to any military service
their wives and children, but only to free them to
stimulate their husbands to volunteer into the mili-
tary sei\ice, when, according to your assumed
power, you can conscript and force into the Army
both the white man and the negro. This is truly
a war measure not against the rebels, but against
sla\erynnd the loyal owners of slaves.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will my friend allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Has he any doubt that
if it becomes necessary for the Government, in
the pursuit of the accomplishment of a publicob-
ject, absolutely to destroy property belonging to
an individual, they have a right to do so, and that
that is taking the property forpublic use although
they make no use of it?
Mr. DAVIS. Why, sir, T read two decisions,
one of the Supreme Court and the other of the
Court of Claims, the other day to establish that
proposition—the opinion rendered by Judge Wil-
mot, of the Court of Claims, and an opinion of
the Supreme Court, by Judge Taney, m a case
arising m the Mexican war.
Mr. FESSENDDN. Then they are not bound
to use the property.
Mr. DAVIS, They do use it. They use it
for the purpose of destruction, and to prevent
it from falling into the hands of the enemy; that
is a universal military use of property. Both of
those coutts decided this other principle also,
that the property must be of such a character as
that the enemy could and probably would use it,
to make the Government responsible, and unless
the case had those features the officer would not
be authorized to take or destroy the property or
the Government liable for its value; but the offi-
cer would be simply a trespasser and personally
responsible by the suitof the owner for the prop-
erty.
But granting everything that the honorable Sen-
ator from Maineelaims, still it leaves inexorably
upon the Government of the United States its plain
constitutional obligation to make a just and fair
compensation to the owners of such slaves as
may be taken in viitue of the bill that is now be-
fore the Senate if it shall pass.
But, sir, the proposition in the bill that I am
