2188
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9,
Honed in ttic crowd, but the feelings of the crowd were in
favor of those that were to vote for the ticket called the
unconditional Union ticket, and violent against those'op-
posed to that ticket."
He says he was at the market-house twicc in
tile forenoon and twice in the afternoon, and he
says that in the morning but few votes were
taken, and that Louthen and several others ap-
plied to have their names enrolled and offered to
take the conventional oath; that one of the judges
objected, and said that if Louthen insisted upon
his right to vote he would be arrested; that he
still said he would vote, and did vote, and was
arrested. He further said he saw no one turned
off, nor any other intimidation there.
That was the fact in one ease, and that was all
he saw. He saw no intimidation there at alt.
Then lie was asked what the loud talk was which
he said resembled the action of a mob. He re-
plied that it was the talk of a number of people
who were excited, and were talking about a Mr.
Cunningham having been struck by asoldicr with
a gun, about some one who was hit by it, and of
some persons who were kicked and driven down
stairs, as it was said. He knows nothing about
it, and it is manifest that he is telling us of a little
riot which occurred in the street, such as occurs
in too many of our election districts all the coun-
try over during the excitement of an election.
Now that is what this man testifies to; that is
the evidence he brings to us. The fact is that this
guard which is complained of by the contestant
and by the committee in their report was a guard
which to a certain extent had been put there at his
own request. Mr. Ens worth is asked:
" Have you ever heard said John P. Bruce bay that he
requested guards of the mihtui to bo placed ut the different
voting precincts on .-uml election ?
u Jinswcr. IheaulMr. Biuec; say .ihat he wont to Cen-
er.il Hall and told the genoial that he understood thattheie
was to bean intrrtorenee, with voters at the polls; that per-
sons that were enrolled under Order No. iM were to he  ■<-
eluded fiom voting, and ief|ucs>u.'d of General Hall to have
a guaid put at the different precincts to pievent any intcr-
l'eienee with the votei.s, and to leave the qualification of
the voter*, with the judges.
Question. Was Bugadier General Hall acting as com-
mando! of the eni oiled mil ma hete at that time ?
u slnnver. 1 think HugudKT General (Iail acted a* com-
mands of the enrolled mihtia of this dislucuittluu time.''
Mr. Cyrus E. Kemp is the next witness, and
he gives an account of the circumstances which
transpired at that same election precinct. He
says the election proceeded quietly until after one
o'clock, at which time a hand of enrolled militia
entered the court-house, at which time the voters
then present dispersed. He says he handed his
book to one of the judges of the election and saw
nothing more of it until it was returned by Cap-
tain Ilax, the officer of the day, and General
Hull, about half an hour after it was taken.
This is the strongest evidence wo have in this
case of that kind of interference which has been
referred to by the chairman. More than one of
the witnesses gives an account of this same mat-
ter. One of the judges of the election states that
the polls were interfeied with, and it may be
claimed that the votes winch weie on the lists
weio lost to the contestant so far as they were
for him. If the whole number wen; for him it
would add but one hundred to Ins votes; and it
is wholly impossible to weigh down the majority
of 2,098 by any evidence in the ease.
Now look at the testimony of John Fox. I
will lead it. He has given apparently a fair
statement.
[Here the hammer foil.]
Mr. UPSON. Gentlemen have called my at-
tention to the fact that the minority u-purt waives
uny chum to a s<Mt in this House by the contest-
ant. I have to say that the minority of the com-
mittee nndetstood the gentleman, in his argument
before the committer, to claim that the election
should be set aside, and referred back to the peo-
ple, and we so stated in our repoit. We now
understand that the contestanl did not so mean
to bo understood, but that he claimed he was en-
titled to the seat. _ I make this statement now in
order not to do him any injustice. Yet the mi-
nority of the committee do not propose any
amendment to the resolution now before the
House, but prefer to take the vote directly upon
the lesoiotion.
COMJWnTEE OX KNltOLLKD BILLS. i
The SPEAKER. The Chair feels it his duty '
to announce to the House that neither of the
members of the Committee on Enrolled Bills is
in the city, and therefore no enrolled bills can be
examined. The tjhair therefore asks the House
to enlarge the committee to three members. It
has happened once or twice before that both of
the members of the committee have been absent.
Mr. Cobb, and Mr. Steele of New Jersey, who
compose the committee, are both absent now.
Mr. MclNDOE. I will state that Mr. Cobb
is absent on account of sickness in his family.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
Chair increasing the number of the committee to
three?
Mr. PRUYN. I suggest that two additional
members be added to the committee.
The SPEAKER. la there objection to that
proposition ? The Chair hears no objection. The
Chair appoints Messrs. Pomeroy arid McKinney
as the additional members of the committee.
MISSOURI CONTESTED-ELECTION CASE AGAIN.
Mr. BAXTER.. Do I understand that the
present debate is to be confined to the contestant
and the contestee ?
The SPEAKER. It is the unanimous order
of the House that when the contestant (Mr.
Bruce) rises to make his speech the debate shall
be confined to him and to the sitting member.
Mr. BRUCE, (contestant.) I understand that
the gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Davis] de-
sires to speak, and I yield to him with great pleas-
ure.
The SPEAKER. No gentleman rose, and the
Chair was about putting the question on the res-
olution. If the gentleman from Maryland'desires
to speak he must speak before the contestant.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Mr. Speaker, it is
with some reluctance that I make any observa-
tions on the case bcfoie the House at all. I do
so merely because of observations that full from
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
on Friday last, who is not now in his scat; and
my reluctance to address the House arises, in great
measure, from the fact that he is not in his seat.
But for those remai ks, it would have been wholly
unnecessary, indeed presumptuous, for me to
undertake to discuss this case after the elabo-
rate argument of my fuend from Delaware, [Mr.
Smitiiers.] The principles assumed by the^en-
tleman from Massachusetts virtually touch all the
States which have either themselves had civil war
within their borders or have been near enough to
the war to be affected by it; and bearing in mind
the sneering and slurring tone in which the gen-
tleman saw fit to refer to the States of Maryland
and Delaware, it would, perhaps, not be alto-
gether excusable if I allowed his speech to pass
without some observations directed to those sub-
jects.
An election case is not a personal contest be-
tween the sitting member anu the claimant. It is
a question relating exclusively to the i ights of the
people represented. The interests of the sitting
member and the interests of the contestant are
subordinate considerations, scarcely worthy of a
moment's thought. The question is, whether"
cither of the patties claiming the seat is entitled
to speak here for the people of the district, and that
is the only question.
That question, sir, can only be presented in
two aspects: first, was there a valid election at
all and anywhere in the disttict; and secondly,
if theie was a valid election, which «of the two
parties had a majority? If there was no valid
election, then it is wholly immaterial whether one
man was excluded frcpn thn polls or ten thousand
men, whether one or the other hud a majority of
votes, none of which were cast legally. There
being no election, no count is necessary, no count
is relevant. No count can bear upon the issue to
be decided here.
The question raised by the Committee of Elec-
tions is not whether the sitting member had a
majority of thy votes actually cast, nor whether
he had a majority of the votes actually cast or
actually tendered and illegally excluded. Those
are questions which can only be considered after
determining the previous question, whether there
was an election at all. The question, and the only
question, which the committee raises is whether
theie was a vuhd election in the seventh congres-
sional distnct of Missouri at the period at which
the sitting member claims to have been elected.
What is necessary to a valid election? Is it
that everybody who is a voter in the whole dis-
trict shall have had an absolutely free access to
the polls? if that be so, then an assault and bat-
tary which prostrates a man near the polls in a
private quarrel anepprevents him from voting, or
in a quariel created for the purpose of preventing
him fiom voting, will avoid the election. Is it that
wherever an election poll is opened the voting
shall be absolutely free and legal ? If so, then all
the hostile party have to do is to pick a quarrel with
some one at some one place of voting and break
up the election by violence at that one precinct,
and the whole election is gone, although the sit-
ting member may have had a majority of ten 01*
twelve thousand out of an actual vote of thirteen
thousand in the whole district. This is a reductio
ad absurdum. To void an election at one poll in
a district is not therefore an avoidance of the elec-
tion everywhere.
What is the rule of law?
Where a wljple election is centered at one poll,
and the facts show that an overbearing force was
present at that poll on the day of the election,
with menace and violence such as would deter a
man of ordinary firmness from approaching the
polls and tendering his vote, that election is void.
Where, however, as in this contest, election
polls aie open at more than o'ne place, a very
different question is raised. There it has never
been held by any parliamentary body in the Uni-
ted States that violence at one of several voting
places operates to strike out rrfbre than the vote
of that single election precinct from the count. If
the violence extends over the whole district, or
perhaps if it extended to the voting places in that
district at which the great mass or a clear major-
ity of the voters in the whole district must cast
their votes, it may be reasonably adjudged to jus-
tify the avoidance of the whole election, i do
not know that it has yet ever been so held. But
it-is the decided and ad judged election law of the
American legislative assemblies that where, at an
election, there are several precincts or places of
voting, and violence invades the freedom of the
election, the question is at what precincts did the
violence prevail, and when you have ascertained
its extent you have ascertained the extent of its
operation upon the election. The question is not
hownnany voteis were deterred from voting, nor
whether such voters so intimidated were the
friends of the contestant or of the sitting member;
but was there such violence used as to overturn
and destroy the validity of an election itself—to
show that no votes are entitled to be counted
though cast; and when that fact is ascertained in
respect to any precinct the vote of that precinct is
to be stricken out, so far as that election is con-
cerned, in making up the returns.
That, sir,is the parliamentary law of elections
as known to the parliamentary bodies of this
country. If there be any exception to it, I am
not aware of it.
The prevalence of rumors or threats or intim-
idations before the day of election, or elsewhere
than at the polls or in gaining access to them, is
no consideration at all relevant to the validity of
the election.
Now apply that rule to the case before the
House. There are fifteen counties, I think, in that
district. There is no pretense in the evidence—
if I may by allowed to adopt the report of the ma-
jority of the committee—there is no pretense of
any question as to the vote in any of these coun-
ties except as to five. That disposes of the whole
case, then, except as to those five counties. In
lespect to them there is no pretense that there
was violence except in eight precincts out of over
a hundred.
Then, sir, the operation of this violence on the
election ought to be confined to the precincts
where it existed and not, as the majority of the
Committee of Elections would have it, to oper-
ate to annul the election at all the precincts
of those counties. Apply that rule, strike out
the precincts where the violence is pi\ ved to have
existed, and the pretense on which it is proposed
to void the whole election is seen to be frivolous.
Ten out of fifteen whole counties unquestioned,
and no violence that could intimidate the people
in one tenth of the precincts of those counties
wherein the violence existed, relying on the report
as submitted by the^majority of the conimittcc,
andi hate confined myself to the examination
of the majority leport.
