1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS;
Helena, and Helena is one hundred miles below
Memphis. There is no obstruction from the
mouth of the Ohio river until you approach Hel-
ena. You have one class of water, always easy
of navigation, never obstructed by low water,
never obstructed by ice, for a distance of upwards
of four hundred miles from Cairo south, and the
same objection that is urged to the navigation
in reference to Cairo applies with equal force to
Memphis. These are the points, I believe, that
are now being discussed.
I state the fact to be that the entire supply of
munitions of war, both for the Navy and the
Army for the entire western country, has been at
Cairo. Gentlemen talk about the overflow and
all that sortof thing. Formerly that was true. The
construction of the Central railroad to that point,
terminating there, resulted in building up a levee
high enough to exclude all high water, and when
they come to build the city, the foundations for
the houses are already excavated and dug.
Mr. GRIMES. Two or three stories deep.
Mr. RICHARDSON. As many as you want.
You can go down two or three stories deep, till
you get to the rock after a little.
Mr. GRIMES. Pretty deep.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Not so very deep either.
If this objection existed, if you could not take
care of your munitions of war, your provisions,
your ammunition, and everything of that sort at
Cairo, why have the Army and Navy both con-
centrated there for the last three years? That is
an argument, I apprehend, that the Senator from
Iowa will not undertake to deny. They have had,
as I repeat, at Cairo, the provisions, the munitions
of war, quartermaster's and commissary's sup-
plies for three years, both for the Army and Navy
m the West. Yet the gentleman tells us here, in
reply to that very experience that we have all had,
that you cannot preserve them there.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not say so. It is Ad-
miral Foote wlio says so. I recommend ihc Sen-
ator from Illinois to hear what Admiral Poote
says. I will refresh bis memory with it:
" Cut, on tin' other hand. ttie «oil is alluvial, and in the
highest sialic of water it is difficult at times to prevent the
oveiflow ot the levee, involving serious damages of ma-
teiial and stoies. Tina was tile case in May last; the pow-
der arul shell could only he safely stored aboaid of steameis
lining thefevee. wiiiic ltaiTords'no safe place for a maga-
zine or even storehouses containing perishable articles."
The Senator must quarrel with the admiral,
who is cited here to sustain his side of the case,
not with me.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I am not disposed to
quarrel either with the admiral or with the Sen-
ator from fowa. I certainly understood the Sen-
ator from Inwa to use the argument. I did not
look around to sec where he found it. I think he
was pretty hard pressed to find an argument; he
seized upon this and made the most of it. Take
to-day the amount you have paid for construct-
ing steamers for war purposes and the amotint
paid for transporting the munitions you have upon
them, and you would have saved money by hav-
ing a navy-yard at Cairo. You pay every month
for such purposes more than the $200,000 appro-
priated by the bill; and yet gentlemen insist on
going up to a place where you cannot complete
your vessels, but"from which you now bring them
at enormous expense to Cairo to be completed.
I have but a word to say in reference to Mem-
phis. I will not vote a dollar, certainly not now,
to construct public works at a place where you
must send armies and navies to defend them. I
want them certainly in a safer place than that.
If Senators desire to have places in their own
immediate neighborhood considered, bo it so, and
when they are brought before the Senate for con-
sideration I shall endeavor to dispose of them ac-
cording to the best interests of the country. I
certainly do feel some anxiety for the passage of
this bill, but not that it will benefit the people
of the State of Illinois more than it will benefit the
people of theentire country. I hope I have taken
a more liberal view than that. I say to the Senator I
from Iowa now, that if he will show me any- |
where a place that combines more advantages I
than either Mound City or Cairo, a place with
the same amount of water and with all the con-
veniences of timber and every thing needed to make
up a vessel-of-war, I will vote with him, I care
not whether it is in his State or mine. I am not
wedded to this particular place. The unanimous
opinion of the Senate seems to be that we ought
to have a naval depot on the western waters. In
my judgment—and by that I am to be governed
—the point named in the bill is the best point at
which we can make an expenditure of money for
this purpose now. So believing, I am in favor
of the bill. If I believed there was a better point,
I certainly would go for that. I am not wedded
to a particular locality inside of the State of Illi-
nois. I have voted since I have been in Con-
gress for improvements far away from toy own
State, and I have not asked for anything for my
own section of the State.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thequestion
is on the amendment of the Senator from Iowa.
Mr. GRIMES. On the adoption of my amend-
ment I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 13, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—-Messrs. Brown, Buckalow, Clark, Grimes, Hen-
dricks, Howe, Lane of Indiana,Lane ofKansas, Pomeroy,
Kiddle, Sumner, Ten Eyck,and Wilson—-13.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Carlile, Chandler, Conness,
Dixon, Doolittle, Foot, Hale, Ilauis, Hicks, Howard,Mc-
Dougall, Morgan, Nesmith, Powell, Ramsey, Richardson,
Saulsbury,Ti"mnbull, Wade, and Willey—:il.
ABSENT—Messrs. Collamer, Cowan, Davis, Fessen-
den, Foster, Harding, Hailan, Henderson, Johnson, Mor-
rill, Sherman, Spiague, Vail Winkle, Wilkinson, and
Wilght—15.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BROWN. I move to insert after the word
"Cairo" in the seventh line of the bill the words
" or at such other place as may be found best
suited to its location." This amendment will at
least give the President the opportunity of se-
lecting a site which in his judgment shall be the
best. Gentlemen have predicated this billon the
idea of a reference to the President of the United
Slates, if it is going to him for selection, 1 think
he should be unfettered m regard to its selection
along the Mississippi river, I can see no reason
why, if he is to be intrusted with the duty of
selection, he should be confined exclusively to
the city of Cairo or near by. , I trust the amend-
ment will be adopted. I uslc for thfe yeas and
nays on it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CHANDLER. Any one looking at the
map can see that there is but one place for this
naval depot. The Senator from Missouri pro-
poses just. what we do not wish to do. We wish
to settle the point ourselves, to place the depot
where it belongs, the only spot on either river
where it ought to be located. We wish to leave
no discretion any where, but to put it where we
know it ought to be. You might as well put it
in a barn-yard or above the falls of St. Anthony
as at St. Louis, where there is not water enough
to float your steamers one half the year. Let us
settle this point, and settle it so that it will stay
settled, and leave no discretion anywhere.
Mr. BROWN. 1 am thankful to the Senator
from Michigan for enlightening me on this sub-
ject. He professes to know all about it, to have
his own mind fully made up, and I have no doubt
it is fully made up; but I think it very strange
that the Committee on Naval Affairs in determin-
ing on so important a matter, upon which each
Senator has to pass his judgment, has given us
no report of the facts or the grounds or the evi-
dence upon which tlicy arrived at such definite
conclusions. It is a very strange proceeding, sir,
and I should like to know on what ground it can
be justified.
Mr. CHANDLER. On the ground of com-
mon sense and a view of the map: that is all that
js requisite. We require no report from that or
any other committee: a look at the map will set-
tle it.
Mr. BROWN. The Senator seems to monop-
olize common sense. He ought to give us the
benefit of it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas II, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Brown. Buckalew, Claik, Cowan, Doo-
little, Gumcs, Ilailau, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas,
Pomero\, and Ten Eyck—11.
NAYS—Messn. Anthony, Carhle, Chandler, Conness,
Dixon, Foot, Hale, Ilairi*, Hicks., flowaid, McDougall,
Moigan, Nesnuth, Powell, Rieluudson, rfaul=bury,funnier,
Tiiimbull, Wade, Willey, and Wilson—31.
ABSENT—Messrs. Collamer, Davis, Fessenden, Foster,
Harding, Henderson, Hendricks, Howe, Johnson,M-orrlll,
itamsey, Kiddle, Shei man, Sprague, Vau Winkle, Wilkin-
son, and Wright—17.
So the amendment was rejected.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was rtfarf the third time. On its pas-
sage Mr. BROWN called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken,result^
—yeas 28, nays 3; aa follows:
YEAS-—Messrs. Anthony, Carlile,Chandler, Clark; Oori-
ness, Covvan, Dixon, Foot, Sale, Harlan, Harris, Hicks,
Howard, Lane of Kansas, McDougall, Morgan, Nesmitb,
I'omeroy, Powell, Rapusey, Richardson, Sauisbury, Sum-
ner, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Wade, Wiiiey, «nd Wilson—W.
NAYS—Messrs. Brown, Doolittle, and Grimes—3.
ABSENT->-Messrs. Backa|ew,Collsmef, Davis, Fessen-
den, Fosterj Harding, Henderson,Hendricks, Howe, John-
son, Lane of Indiana, Morrill, Kiddle, Sherman, Spraiue,
Van Winkle, Wilkinson, and Wright—18.'
So the bill was passed.
RELIES1 OF SEAMEK OB LOST "VESSELS.
On motion of Mr. HALE, the bill (S. No. 246)
for the relief of officers, seamen, and others borne
on the books of vessels wrecked or lost in the na-
val service, was considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
It proposes to authorize the accounting officers
of the Treasury, under the direction of the Secre-
tary of the Navy, in settling the accounts of offi-
cers, seamen, and others, borne on the books of5
any vessel in the Navy, which shall have been
wrecked, or which shall have been unheard from
so long that her wreck may be presumed, or which
shall have been, destroyed or lost, with the rolls
and p^peis necessary to a regular and exact set-
tlement of such accounts, to fix a day when such
wreck, destruction, or loss shall be deemed and
taken to have occurred, and to adjust and settla
the accounts on principles of equity and justice.
Whenever the officers, seamen, or others, borne
on the books of a vessel of the Navy, shall have
lost their clothing or other personal effects by the
wieck, destruction, or lossofauch vessel, the Sec-
retary of the Navy may appoint a board of three
officers of the Navy, including a paymaster, to
make a careful examination and scrutiny of
claims for losses so incurred,and the board is to
have power, with the approval of the Secretary
of the Navy, to award to the officer, seaman, or
other person, who may have incurred such loss,
without neglect or fault on his part, the value of
the property lost to an amount not exceeding two
months' pay, in the case of an enlisted man, nor
one month's sea pay in any other case. The
benefit of the act is to be extended to the officers,
seamen, and others, borne on the books of any
vessel of the Navy wrecked, destroyed, or lost
during the present war, \yhose accounts shall not
have been settled, or who have not heretofore been
compensated for clothing or other property lost
by the wreck, destruction, or loss of such vessel.
The Committee on Naval Affairs proposed to
amend the bill by striking out the word " officer"
before " seaman," in line ten of section two, and
inserting after " person" the words " not an offi-
cer;" and in section three by striking out, in line
two, "officers," and after "others" inserting
" not officers."
Mr. HALE. The bill was prepared at the
Navy Department and sent to the committee for
the purpose of enabling the Department to settle
these matters without coming to Congress for a
special act in every case. Thejr inserted the
word "officers" so as to extend this relief to offi-
ccis; but as the uniform practice of the Govern-
ment has been the other way, against compensat-
ing officers under such circumstances, the'com-
mittee did not deem it advisable to make that
departure at this time.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate, and the
amendment was concurred in. The bill was or-
dered to be engrossed for a third reading, was read
the thiid time, and passed.
IIODSE BILLS KKJEIfftED.
The following bills and joint resolutions from
the House of Representatives were read twice by
their titles, and referred to the Cotnmitteeon Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia:
A bill (No. 121) for the relief of William P.
Richner, seventy-seventh regiment of Ohio vol-
unteer infantry;
A bill (No. 543) to increase the efficiency of the
medical corps of the Army;
A bill (No. 545) to amend an act entitled "An
act to provide for the payment of horses and
other property destroyed in the military service
of the United States;"
A bill (No 546) to regulate the rank, pay, and
