1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
What, I ask, is the law in reference to each of
these precincts? There must be some overbear-
ing; violmee which would prevent a man of ordi-
nary firmness, for fear of personal violence, from
approaching th? polls; notfrar of the use of force
by legal means, whether civil or military,not fear
of the sworn officers of the law, whether in uni-
form or not, executing the law at the polls, no
sanctuary for offender's,whether traitors or thieves.
"*• A civil or military airest may take place at the
polls as legally as it may at any other piace or at
any other time. I say, therefote, that when the
guns of the militia of Missouri wero there at the
polls in the hands of men in uniform with their
glitteringbayonets—as somebody in the testimony
states—it is no evidence of violence. They are
there for the purposes of protection, they are there
as the officers of the law, and it is no violence that
any man can complain of. If arrests were made
they were made by the ministers of the law, and
if any person arrested complained that his arrest
was illegal, he had but to biing his complaint to
the proper authorities, and if decided to be so ille-
gal, and if he was thereby prevented from voting,
still, in accordance with the decisions of the courts
in election cases, the contestant would have the
right to have his vote countcd and allowed, if his
airest was illegal the law would remedy the in-
jury inflicted by its officer by allowing the vote
to be counted, not aggravate the injury by dis-
franchising a whole district. I think wherever
there was an armed, uniformed, offieeied, mus-
tered militia, it was not an illegal force oveibcar-
ing the freedom of election, but the law present
with force to protect the people from illegal vio-
lence.
When they come to apply tbat to the precincts
in question here it does not appear that there were
more than three precincts or voting places in ref-
erence to which a decent question could be raised
as to the absolute freedom of the election.
There was one of the precincts in which it is
said that the uniformed militia did a violent act.
J think it was in St. Joseph, at the court-house
precinct. It is said that they came in, tore up the
ballot-box, and ended the election. That, accord-
ing to the election law, would strike out that pre-
cinct. But it also appears in reference to that
precinct that the judges of the election had not
taken the oath that the constitutional law of Mis-
* souri prescribes m these rebellious times to test
their loyalty.
Mr. BRUCE, (contestant.) With the permis-
sion of the gentleman from Maiyland I will say
that 1 do nut think he has read the Testimony, if
he had he would have found the following on the
cross-examination by the sitting member:
"e Question. Befojf pioceiding and eutoiing upon your
duty u-j judge of <;u<j election, did you and your associate
jndjjes take an oarli prescribed by the Mi->soim Hute con-
vention, entitled 'An oidinanee defining the qualifications
ot' voteid and civil offices in tins Stat'V oidmanre
bein<j adopted J line 1U, 1^02, and winch oath is now shown
to you in sec ion two of said oidinance.?
"Jlmioei. My leeolicx tiou s  that that oath was admin-
istered to th«j judges hy Hie county clerk.
" Question. ({Wore enteisng upon the duties of your otfice
as ,iudye of .said election precincts did you and >our asso-
ciate?. take another oath, as now bliowu to you in section
five of said ordinance?
"Shtsti-er. My impression is that the convention ordi-
nance was complied with."
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. They say that they
were qualified by the clerk. That was the phrase
quoted m the report of the majority of the com-
mittee. The statement in the minority report evi-
dently is that they had not been sworn accord-
ing to the convention oath. I thinlc that the ad-
mission of the gentleman is equivalent to the same
thing, for the gentleman said that a dispute hav-
ing arisen on the question whether the judges had
been sworn or not, when bethought they had been,
he admitted for the purposes of the case that
they had not been.
But that is a matter of detail, nnd I do notcon-
template going into the details of the election. 1
merely mention that in passing. I do not propose
to go into the details of the testimony. I merely
state what I understand to be the election law, and
in general terms that L think the evidence shows
that the contestant wholly fails to make a ques-
tion about the election, i have carefully exam-
ined the majority report of the Committee of Elec-
tions since the last session of the House, and I
think since the case of Vuliandigham and Camp-
bell there has been no such fmolous case brought
before this House; no such groundless attempt
to cject a gentleman from a seat which he holds
by as good a title as any man upon this floor.
That is my judgment.
But the honorable gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Dawes] thinks that, having had the
misfortune to have been educated in one of the
slave States on the bordets of the rebellion, and
having secret conclaves in my district in Mary-
land, brought up under the tuition of American
clubs, and without the sanctification of Massachu-
setts prayer-meelings, it is not surprising that 1
and my fi iend from Delaware come to that conclu-
sion; but he is at a loss to understand how his
colleagues can face a Massachusetts constituency
with those facts. I rather think the honorable
chairman of the Election Committee will soon find
an explanation more simple than satisfactory of
the conduct of his colleagues. He may find it
more difficult than they will to meet a Massachu-
setts constituency with this evidence, accompa-
nied by his argument and vote to crush their
friends, discredit their cause, and weaken the
hands of ioj'al men on the burning borders of the
rebellion. 1 am content Jo leave him to the people
of Massachusetts.
But am I to be told that the law of elections is
one thing in Massachusetts and another thing in
Maryland and Missouri; and that men's judg-
ments on election law must vary with their icsi-
dence? If so, by what right is a Massachusetts
i ule to be applied to a Missom ielection ? If not,
why is Massachusetts opinion invoked ? If every
Massachusetts Representative is to judge a Mis-
souri election justly, he will not apply his Mas-
sachusetts ideas to the Missouri election. The
Massachusetts mind must be educated to deal
with every category of facts relative to elections
under the conditions existing in Missouii; and
if that gentleman means to draw disparaging con-
trasts between Maryland and Massachusetts,
and would insinuate that the great prevalence of
lawand order in Massachusetts unfits him to deal
with the more disturbed condition of Maryland
or Delaware or Missouri I respectfully remind
him that Massachusetts history is notone of un-
broken quiet; and that he will not have to turn
back many pages to find violent resistance to
laws of the Jmtud States—unpopular, but still
laws; and they may aid him to a moie elevated
view of his duty, or at least to understand how
his colleagues can form unprejudiced judgments
on the laws of Maryland and Missouri, and ad-
judge equal justice according to the evidence.
But according to the gentleman from Massachu-
setts our education has been so bad, the violence
around us has so deadened our sensibilities, that
we, the members from Maryland, are not lit to
judge of elections. Because, forsooth, our peo-
ple, when they ^o to an election, do not open it
with prayer their judgment is not to be taken !
Why, f2n, if the election that sent the gentleman
hero was opened with prayer, 1 cannot say much
for the answer to it. 1 fear it will not commend
that form of electioneering^ the people ofMary-
land. I entertain serious apprehensions lest it
injure the cause of true spiritual piety in matters
of election. I rather incline to think that our
Maryland people, uncivilized, Border Ruffians,
and Plug Uglies, will think the lightof the human
reason, and a manly lesolution to f'ave the Repub-
lic—a resolution not to be frightened by any force,
but to make the Republic supreme against any
opposing violence—better guides than a prayer-
meeting. I have no objection to those solemn |
forms. I regret that they have not been more
effectual in the particular case. It is fortunate
that that form of initiating elections seems to have
been better responded to in other districts ofMas-
sachusetts than that which the honoiable chair-
man of the Committee of Elections represents;
and their conduct may vindicate and save the sys-
tem which his so seriously impeaches.
But, sir, in our uncivilized and rough way, we j
arc lesolved to maintain the majesty of n pub-
lican government in Missouri as well as in Mary-
land; and we think that in tiying times we have
done it. We take it as the most unkind and un-
expected occurrence that ageptleman from Mas- j
sachusetts should rise, after the gieat stiuggle for i
freedom in the loyal slave States of the Union, ]
when triumph has perched upon their banners, J
and reproach them with the dust andsweatof the i
conflict, rather than swell the chorus of cxulta- i
tion by the^oi'ce of Massachusetts, They 6did
not expect that a man of Massachusetts would'
walk over the battle-field of freedom and give
them occasion to recall the words of Harrjf
Percy:
" I remember, when the fight was done,.
Wlion I was dry with rage, and PxtreftiP toil} *
Breathless and faint, leaning upon my sword, -
Came there a certain lord, neat, trimly dress'd.
Fresh as a bridegroom." * * * - * " *
"And still he smll'd, and talkrdj -
And, as the soldiers bore dead bodies by, ;
He cail'd llicm—untaught'toiaves, unmannerly,
To bring a slovenly unhandsome corse
Betwixt the wind and his nobility,"
Nor will it be surprising if
" He made them mad
To see him Rhine so brisk, aud smell so sweet,
And talk so like a waiting-gentlewoman,
And telling them the sovereign'-U tlrnlg on earth
Was luirniaceti, for an inwaid bruise."
Though the gentleman would substitute a
prayer-meeting for u parmaceti."
But the gentleman from Massachusetts isanx*
ious to protect the reputation of the Administra-
tion. From what? From the common scolds of
the Democratic party! From the general im-
peachment of wrong! They the guardians of
the purity of elections! The honorable gentler-
man from New York, [Mr. Ganson,] to aggra-
vate the iniquity of the violence he imputes, and
paint the innocence of the victims he defends,
quoting from the sworn testimony which echoed
his own party language touchingly and simply,
said that there were still persons in Missouri
who were in favor of "the Constitution as it.is
and the Union as it was," and that they there
are designated as disloyal; and ag&ihst them
military violence was directed for that criminal
faithfulness to the Constitution. It was their
wrongs he would redress! This new-born zeal
on the part of that Democratic gentleman and
others for the purity of election may perhaps
captivate inexperienced gentlemen like the one
who heads the Election Committee, absorbed in
thinking how his Massachusetts constituents
will look at evidence, and forgetful or ignorant of
events not yet remote. But my memory goes
back to the time when, with economical and ju-
dicious fraud and violence, they grasped empire.
They would have forgotten now the eternal in-
famy of Plaquemines, where Slidell plundered
the Statu of Louisiana from the side of Henry
Clay. They would have Rynders forgotten,
who boasted openly that he voted some hundreds
of men twenty times at every precinct in New
York and determined that election against Mr..
Clay. They forget that that was the starting
point of all the disasters which have overcome the
Republic, and which those frauds made effective.
They have forgotten that James Buchanan was
elected by the moral force of the October election
in Pennsylvania, and that it has been proved in
a court of justice that more fraudulent votes were
polled in that city at that election than the ma-
jority by which they carried the State; so that
the foundation of his disgraceful Administration
worthily rested on a fraud.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I wantto
know who commuted these frauds; whether or
not it was John W. Forney.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I thought that
perhaps the gentleman wished to make a sugges-
tion of that kind. The mutations in public life
show many such instances; butl think thatRyn-
ders has remained faithful. But I am not allud-
ing to persons. The/acJthat 1 assert was estab-
lished by an elaborate judicial investigation.
The honorable gentleman from Massachusetts
tells us he wants to protect the Government
against the imputation of using military at elec-
tions. Jn the name of history and of the memory
of man, where did the violence of military at elec-
tions begin ? Have gentlemen forgotten Kansas ?
Have they forgotten Lecompton? Have they
forgotten New Orleans in 1857, where the sect of
Know Nothings—that sect everywhere spoken
against—were so powerful that nothing but vio-
lence could beat them down, and where the Dem-
ocratic Legislatuze organized a special and excep-
tional military foice for the purpose of suppressing
them, which the Americans, true to their blood,
defied, and after a war waged for three days com-
pelled to submit to a free election at which the
Americans asserted their usual and lawful supe-
riority ?
