1864.
TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Government shall he conclusive against that claim.
If the bill which is now before us shall be passed
without the amendment of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,] the rejection of a claim by
the accounting officers of the Treasury will be
final and conclusive.
What I wish a claimant against the Govern-
ment to have is, first of alls the short, plain, ad-
ministrative remedy of going before the account-
ing officers and presenting his claim, and then, in
the event of its being rejected by the accounting
officers, that he shall have a judicial remedy by
going before the Court of Claims. The two pro-
visions, therefore,are necessary to afford a com-
plete remedy: first, the ordinary administrative
remedy before the administrative departments,
and then, when they have failed to satisfy the
claimant that the rejection of his claim is a just
one, the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio
is necessary to give him a judicial remedy against
the Government. I take it, therefore, that both
these provisions are neccssary, and I shall vote
for both.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. Mr. Speaker, I
think itis well settled that private property cannot
be taken for publicuse withoutjust compensation,
and if that principle is worth anything, it is ne-
cessarily equally applicable to claims of every
character againstthe Government, without refer-
ence to the nature of the circumstances from which
they may have originated. Every claim of every
character against the Government, arising from
any transaction of the Government, be it small
or large, is entitled to just consideration and im-
mediate compensation. Now, as i understand
the bill before the House, it proposes to make a
discrimination in the claims against the Govern-
ment. The law now provides thatclaunsofthis
charactershall be considered and adjudicated upon
by the Court of Claims. It now has jurisdiction
over all cases of this character, but this bill pro-
poses to restrict the Court in the consideration
and adjudication of claims growing oUtof damages
done by the Army.
Sir, it appears to me that the motion of the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Brown,] who pro-
poses to refer the bill to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, is very proper.
The bill involves very grave consideuitions. We
should have time to deliberate upon it, and to in-
vestigate this whole subject, so that while we are
prosecuting this war against the enemies at the
, South we may do no injustice to rur friends in
the North. I hope, therefore, that the motion of
the gentleman from Wisconsin will be adopted by
the House.
Mr. WOODBR1DGE I certainly appreciate
the remark of my friend from Kentucky, [Mr.
Smith.] It is doubtless true that in this rebellion
immense amounts of properly belonging to citi-
zens loyal to theGovei nment have been sacrificed,
and some day or other it is quite likely that a
measure will be proposed and passed whereby
such just claimants may receive compensation.
But, sir, I a^ree with the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Schrnck,] that if we include the claims sug-
gested for damages, and settle them during the
pendency of this war, we shall indeed bankrupt
ourTreasury;andthesuggestion madeby thegeri-
tleman from Ohio, that a commission might be
well to perpetuate the testimony, meets with my
hearty approval.
Now, sir, when this bill came before the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary we were informed that the-
bill which passed the Thirty-Seventh Congress
had received different constructions; that by one
construction the claims sought to be taken from
under th'e jurisdiction of the Court of Claims by
this bill were put within their jurisdiction by that
law, while by the other construction, which the
chairman of the committee stated was the con-
struction which the committee of the last Congress
gave, jurisdiction over these claims was not given
to that court. Then, sir, the question had to be
met. So far as the Committee on the Judiciary
is concerned, they wish to have a law passed
which can have only one construction. There
come up questions of claims for damages by rea-
son of occupancy and other such matters; and a
bill, as has been stated, has been considered and
passed upon, I think, by the Judiciary Commit-
tee, providing for the adjudication of those claims
where property had been taken bf quartermasters
im
or commissaries, and wheie the appropriate re-
, ceipt had not been given. In cases of that char-
s acter the accounting-officers would not entertain
j the claim, because the receipt evidencing the claim
was not in the form prescribed by law. Under this
difficulty the bill was considered giving to the
Auditor of the Treasury the power, under certain
contingencies, to settle and 'adjust the claims for
subsistence and quartermaster's supplies where
the receipts do not meet the requirements of the
law.
Theamendmentof thegentlejmanfromOhiogoes,
in my judgment, no further than the bill which
we already have under consideration before the
j committee, and but little further than the provis-
] ion of the law already imposes on the Auditor of
j the Treasury. We hear a good deal of talk about
I property taken "sounding in contract/'atnl about
I property taken " sounding in tort." Now, it is
! a question of a good deal of significance, a ques-
tion on which, perhaps, good lawyers may have
doubts, whether the Government can commit a
tort in the prosecution of this war. It becomes
necessary, in the course of the march of our ar-
mies, to occupy property. It becomes necessary,
for the comfort of the soldieis, to use timber found
on the ground which they occupy. Shall it be
said that, in such cases, the Governmentcommits
a tort ? If, in the progress of the war, property
is taken for the use of the Army, is that a tort, or
is it not an implied contract on which the Govern-
ment is bound for the value of the property taken ?
I think, therefore, there is some danger m the
amendment. It is true that it is qualified. Itsays
that the Court of Claims shall have jurisdiction
only in cases where property has been taken sound-
ing in contract, express or implied; where some
kind of a voucher has been given. If that is not
so, I ask the gentleman from Ohio to correct me.
j The amendment provides that the Courtof Claims
j shall have jurisdiction of those claims where prop-
; erty has been taken and a receipt given.
1 Mr. SCHENCK. Any receipt, certificate, or
evidence of debt.
Mr. "WOODBKIDGcE. I may be mistaken,
but in my judgment all the cases coveied b;, the
amendment of my friend from Ohio belong ap-
propriately to the auditor's department, and will
only be thrown out in consequence of non-com-
pliance with the provisions of the law requiring
a receipt to he given. That defect will be reme-
died by the bill already under consideration. I
would not open the door of this Courtof Claims
to these cases. The Court of Claims, as it is
constituted or may be constituted, has not the
same means of ascertaining the truth and facts
that the Deportments of the Government have,
which are accustomed to treating claims of this
character every day. If you leave the jurisdic-
tion of such cases to the Courtof Claims, the door
of fraud wifl he thrown open to improper affida-
vits and to false testimony to an extent that is im-
possible where the matter is left to the proper offi-
cers of the Government.
Now, I do say that this is a safe law, to take
away from the Court of Claims a jurisdiction
which it may assume to have to 'settle these
claims for dnmages, which., if all allowed, would,
in my judgment, utterly bankrupt the Treasury
before the war is ended, even though it should be
ended in the next spring campaign, as 1 hope it
will be. It does seem to mo that the ends of jus-
tice would be obtained by claimants, while the H
Treasury would bo better guarded, by the pas-
sage of the law. 'No injustice would be done to
claimants except that which is necessarily im-
posed by reason of the existence of the war it-
self. I hope that the bill will pass immediately.
Mr. YEAMAN. The question is, Mr. Chair-
man, not as to what ought to bo done, but as to
what is to be done by the bill now before us. I
have never suggested, in the remarks that I have
made or in the bill that I introduced several weekd
ago, and that is now pending m the Judiciary
Committee, that the Court of Claims shall have
cognizance of cases of damages arising from tort.
In that bill it is provided that they shall ha\e cog-
nizance of all claims arising in cases where prop-
erty has been taken, used, injured, or destroyed
by the officers or armed forces of the Government
for the use of the Government. This bill says
that the court shalj not have jurisdiction where
the property lias been appropriated. How appro-
priated? That is not said. The ordinary mode
of appropriation is simply to go ami take it and
use it. And it is done rightfully, because there
are emergencies where the troops-cannot do with-
out it, and yet where the ordinary voucher re-
quired by the Army regulations cannot-be given.
Now it is proposed to declare solemnly by this
bill that the citizens may be robbed by the Gov-
ernment, and yet have no remedy.
I "would hesitate before I would pass such a bill
where you have given such a construction as that.
1 think that theamendmentof the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Cox] ought to pass, provided it is now
before this House for decision. I think that the
motion of the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
Brown] ought to be adopted, and the whole ques-
tion referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, where all of these bills may
be considered at once; whatever this House may
wish to do, whatever the Committee on the Judi-
ciary may wish to do, should be embodied in one
bill, so that the modus operandi of prosecuting
those claims shall be simplified and the jurisdic-
tion of that court understood. We are not claim-
ing to mulct the Government for damage's caused
by tort. We are only claiming that cases arising-
ex contractu may go ^before the Court of Claims.
We claim that there is danger that this bill, with-
out the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio,
would ignore them.
I say that there is no difference of opinion as
to what we want to do; the difference is only in
reference to the bill before the House. Give us
time to have the bill printed, and to see what we
aie doing before we act on this matter. Do not
let us act hastily on this bill, which may be con-
sidered to say to the thousands and thousands
who have suffered in this way," We have taken
your property. You invited us to Jake it, if ne-
ccssary, as a sacrifice in the cause of the Govern-
ment, and now we will not pay you for it." If
the Government cannotdo it now, if there is dan-
ger of bankruptcy, let the Government now put
the inquiry on foot, take evidence in reference to
the damage sustained,until you can pay. Butdo
not tel! them that you will not pay them for prop-
erty taken or given for the use of the Army.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin, demanded the
previous question.
Mr. LOVEJOY. This discussion shows evi-
dently 
The SPEAKER. Discussion is not in order.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I ask unanimous consent to
say a word.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. I will withdraw
the demand for the previous question, if the gen-
tleman will renew it.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I will renew it.
Mr. Speaker, so far as 1 can see, this discussion
evidently shows that the bill, as reported by the
Committee on the Judiciary, is the best bill* that
we can have on this subject. These learned gen-
tlemen cannot agiee as to what the amendment
means, as to what tort is—and whatftis that other
phrase? [Laughter.]
A Member. Sounding in contract.'
Mr. LOVEJOY. So far as I can perceive at a
glance, a man is equally entitled to pay for his
hoise, if taken, whether he gets a certificate for it
or not. Now, I call for the previous question,
and hope that the bill will prevail—that we will
pass the bill as it was reported by the Committee
on the Judiciary. It is the best bill that we can
have.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The motion to refer to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union was agreed to;
there being, on a division—ayes 74, noes 49.
Mr. WILSON. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union; and I
wish to submit to the gentleman from Wisconsin
[Mr. Brown] that xf the House will reconsider
the vote by which it referred the bill to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, I
shall move to postpone its further consideration
to a day ceitain, so that ample time &hall be
afforded for its consideration. To refer it to that
committee is the funeral of the measure.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin, Will you have
the bill printed r
Mr. WILSON, Yes, sir.
