3JL66
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 22,
erfiolumenta of veterinary surgeons of cavalry
regiments; > '
A bill (No. 548) to provide for the relief of
James Lindsay;
A joint resolution (No. 23) for the relief of the
officers of the fourth and fifth Indian regiments;
and
A joint resolution (No. 103} for the relief of
Mary Kellogg.
Ericsson's floating batteries.
On motion of Mr. HALE, the joint resolution
(H. R. No. 95) authorizing the Secretary of the
Navy to amend the contract with John Ericsson
for the construction of two impregnable floating
batteries, the Dictator and the Puritan, was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole.
It is recited that the Navy Department, on the
28th day of July, 1862, entered into contract with
CaptainJohn Ericsson, of the city of New York,
for the construction of two impregnable floating
batteries, the Dictator and the Puritan; and that
experience with a similar class of vessels in act-
ual conflict and during a varied servicc of more
than two years has demonstrated that many im-
provements could be made to render them more
complete and efficient as vessels of war; and that
these improvements have added largely to the cost
of construction of each of these vessels, render-
ing it impossible for the contractor to complete
them under existing arrangements; and that it is
of the utmost importance to the honor and inter-
ests of the country that they should be finished
and ready for service at the earliest moment; and
it is therefore proposed to authorize the Secretary
of the Navy to amend the existing contract for
the construction of these vessels, so far as it re-
lates to the Puritan, and to appoint a competent
board to ascertain the present value, as far as
completed, of that vessel, and of the material on
hand deemed actually necessary to her construc-
tion, and to pay to Captain John Ericsson, the
contractor, the amount of valuation so ascer-
tained, deducting therefrom any sums aheady ad-
vanced toward the completion of the vessel; and
upon this payment being made by the Secretary
of the Navy the rights of the contractor to the
vessel and material, or any portion thereof, are
to cease, and be vested wholly and absolutely m
the United States, which shall thenceforth pro-
ceed to complete the vessel under such arrange-
ments as may be deemed most advantageous.
The Dictator is to be completed by the contractor
upon the same terms and conditions as if this
resolution had not been passed. No action is to
be had under the resolution until the contractor
shall have signified to the Secretary of the Navy,
m writing, his acceptance of its provisions and
his willingness to superintend to completion the
construction of the Puritan; and it is not to take
effectuntil the completion and delivery of the Dic-
tator. That it shall be the duty of the Secretary
of the Navy in carrying the resolution into exe-
cution to apportion and apply to the Dictator, in
payment for that vessel, only such portion of the
gross contract price of $2,300,000, for the Dic-
tator and Puritan, as the Dictator would justly
be entitled to if both vessels had been completed
at the price and in the mode of construction spe-
cified in the contract, special reference being had
to the difference of cost between the two vessels,
arising from the difference m their construction
provided for in the contract.
Mr. HALE. As this resolution provides for
a modification of a contract and the advancement
of considerable money, I will simply state the
facts and then leave the matter to the Senate. A
memorial was sent to the Senate by Captain
Ericsson asking for relief. That memorial was
transmitted by the Naval Committee to the Sec-
retary of the Navy with the request thathe would
make any suggestions which occurred to him in
regard to it. He sentthis letter to the committee:
Navy Department, May HO, 1864.
Sir : I have the honoi to acknowledge the receipt of
your communication of the 20th instant, Inclosing the pe-
tition ol John Etiesson asking an additional allowance on
his eontiact to construct the Dictator and Puritan, and re-
questing the views of the Department on the subject.
The memorials is the well-known inventor ot the tur-
reted class of naval vessels winch have been recently con-
structed and which have rendered invaluable service to the
country. Forhaibor and con>-f defense, the turreted ves-
sel-are unequaled, and although hut btiefly in >.ervice, their
great strength, wondeiful capability of endurance, power
of tesi&tance and efficiency have been abundantly proven.
The first of this description of vessels, the Monitor, won
for herself a reputation that is since borne by vessels of her
class. Tried as an experiment, the success of which was
doubted by no inconsiderable portion of those who weie
deemed competent judges, she nevertheless proved emi-
nently successful, and in conflict with the Merrimac, at a
critical and highly inteiesting moment, rendered memor-
able service to the country, and acquired for herself his-
toric renown. One of her successors, the Weehawken,
also built by the memorialist, performed a featseeond only
to that of her predcccssor, in the capture of the formidably
armored steamer Atlanta.
The prowess and success of the Monitor, which was of
only about seven hundred and seventy tons burden, led to
an arrangement for the construction of two vessels on sim-
ilar principles, but vastly greater proportions—vessels that
could and would in conflict overcome the most formidable
armored ships afloat.
The conflict between the Monitor and Merrimac, in
Hampton Itoads, took place in March, 1862, and on the 28th
of July, following, a contract was made with the memo-
rialist for the Dictator and Puritan, (both included in one
contract,) whose united burden is six thousand two hun-
dred and ninety tons, and the price for the two vessels was
stipulated at $2,3Q0,(jyQ, one to be completed in nine
months, and the other in twelve months, from the date of
contract.
These vessels, as stated, are of the same general charac-
ter as those for harbor defense. The memorialist was
aware of the different conditions to be fulfilled, the plans
and specifications having been deliberately and carefully
prepaied by himself, (n making this contract the Depart-
ment endeavored, as was its duty, to secure terms favorable
to the Government, but without inflicting Joss upon the
contractor.
So fur as the work is completed, it is but justice to say
that it is in all respects creditable to the memorialist and
satisfactory to the Depaitment; but the memorialist claims
that m consequence of the increase in the cost of material
and labor, and of the improvements that have been made
as the work has progressed, great pecuniary loss has be-
fallen him. Some o{ the stipulations in the contract can-
not be fulfilled until the vessels are completed and tested.
Among the stipulations ptopo ed by the contractor, and
which is embodied in the contract, is one that the vessels
are to make sixteen knots per hour for fifteen consecutive
houis. Should thispait of the agieement bo accomplished
it will be a great teat; but only when the woik is completed
can this important re.sult, one of the essentials to the
efficiency of these vessels, be realized.
Alterations and improvements have, as stated in the
memorial, been sugge^ed and introduced; but it should
also he stated that all winch weie not embraced in the
specifications of the oiigutal contract are being paid ror as
extra as the work progi esses. It should aKo be seated that
the Department has not ordered any additional work caus-
ing delay, and is not, therefore, in any decree responsible
for any advance winch may have taken place m the cost of
labor or material -nice the woik was commenced.
That the memorialist and his associates, oi sub-contract-
ors, are liable and likely to su-tam a lo>« on tin' vast ex-
penditme that has been made under the original contract
is not questioned. The Department, knowing some of the
embarrassments attending this great outlay, has extended
its favorable consideration to this case. The work was
novel; unanticipated delays intervened; gieat changes
have tajRMi place in our monetary concerns affecting prices
and every business interest—for none of which, however,
was this Department responsible, and could thereiore af-
ford no relief. Hut the reservation on this, as on previous
contiacrs, lor the security ot the Government and for the
faithful execution ot the woik, is one fourth of the whole
amount. In order to aid the memonalist, the Department,
in the case of the Dictator, which is nearest completion,
has reduced the amountof tluo reservation to the one sixth
part, and has paid over the difference to the contractor.
When the remaining vessel, the Puritan, shall have at-
funed a eoi responding state of completion, a similar pay-
ment will bo made on that vessel, provided the sureties,
who as well as the Government are interested m the reser-
vation, consent, and aie not thereby iclieved liom their
liability.
One of these hulls with its motive machinery, and the
turrets foi both vessels, are being made by Mr. Deiamater,
of New York, for the conti actor. The hull of the other ves-
bel is built lor him by the Continental iron-works ot Brook-
lyn, and the motive maebmciy by the Allaire woiks of New
York. Each and all of these aie likewise doing other woik
toi this Department under direct contract with it. The De-
partment has no information m relation to ihe&e sub-con-
tractors, either as to the price or manner m which the labor
is paid—oi when or from whom the iron or other mate) mi
was purchased with which to execute the contract—or
whether the looses are to fall wholly on the memorialist
or are to be borne in part by the sub-contractors, who, if
suflereis, may hereafter appeal to Congress for compensa-
tion.
These aie matters properly to bo considered in connec-
tion with the merits of the claim presented in this memo-
rial.
While, as remarked, it is not questioned that in conse-
quence ot changer, which have taken place tance this agree-
ment was made, its completion is haul of fulfillment, ir is
due to the Department to say that it entered into this con-
tact with the memorialist on terms fixed by hnnself and
considered lair to ail, and all work not specifically included
in the onginal specifications proposed by the memorialist
himself is paid for as extra by the Depaitmnnt.
There are no professional or technical points involved in
the case.
X am aware of no complaint against the Department of
seventy or llliberality.
The case is one that presents itself to Congress for fair
and libetal consideration. The memorialist ha^ been a
public benefactor, and in the fullness of patriotic zeal has
freely given to ins country the productions of his genius
and the labors of a remarkable mind. In doing this and
| undertaking to furnish the Government with vessels that
1 tlionld give it maiitnue supremacy, he docs not appear to
have been.influenced by pecuniary motives. Ilis worft
has been well done and is worthy of the Government
and country. The machinery to execute his contracthas,
to some extent, had to bemade by the memorialist m order
to construct his vessels, which are themselves novel in
naval architecture. These and other causes, partly at
least governmental, contribute to make this case an un-
usual one. Of the wisdom and propriety of making it ex-
ceptional, and of extending relief to the memorialist. Con-
gress can alone decide and must be the exclusive judge.
The memorial is herewith returned.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient
servant, gideon welles,
Secretary of the 2v<zvy*
Hon. John P. Hale, Chaivman Committee on NavalJlffairs,
United States Senate.
I will now read Mr. Ericsson's statement, and
leave the question with the Senate:
New Yokk, June 12,1864.
Sir: The honorable Secretary of the Navy in his reply
to your communication of tho 20th of May, requesting the
views of the Department on the subject of my petition for
additional allowance on the contract for constructing the
Dictator and Puiitan, has been pleased to recommend my
case to the favorable consideration of Congress; but the
honorable Secretary, in his zeal to curtail the expenditure
of the Department, has not been so liberal in paying for
extra work as his communication would indicate, tor not-
withstanding the positive recommendation of Admh.il
Gregory to pay the whole amount claimed, and notwith-
standing the awards in my favor of two separate boaidsof
naval officers and engineers, more than one third of the
work enumerated in my supplemental specification for
extra work has been ruled out by the Department under
the assumption (most erroneous, in my humble opinion)
that it formed part of the eontiact. Nor is this ail, for the
prices m my supplemental specification were fixed a year
ago, since which an increase of thirty per cent, on labor
and materials has taken place. Again, the payment of the
difference of eight and a third per cent, of the reservation,
which the honorable Secretary promises when the woik
on the Puritan shall have advanced as fat as the Dictator,
namely, when the vessel i« neatly ready for trial, will
come too Jate. But the frank statement of the Secietaiy
ot the Navy " that the memorialist and his associates, or
sub-contractors, arc liable and likely to sustain a loss on
the vast expenditure that has been made under the origi-
nal contract is not questioned," together with his Unable
rririaik that " the work was novel; unanticipated delays
intervened; gieat changes have taken place in oui mone-
tary concerns affecting pi ices and e/eiy business inter-
est"—these statements of the honoiable Secretary would
appear to he all-sufncient to entitle me to favorable con-
sultation. Congress, \ feel confident, will not refuse to
gtant relief in view of the peculiar merits of the case, as
set foith by the chief of the Navy Department.
The suggestion of the honoiable Secretary thatsub con-
tractor ''"who. if suflereis, may heteafter appeal to Con-
gress for compensation," I deem it my duty to dispose ot
at once, and to assure you that unless I could show that
all claims had been liquidated, I should not have petitioned
for relief.
For the satisfaction of the Naval Committee and Con-
gress I have now the honor to transmit acknowledgments
from the builders of the ships and machineiy, together with
their bonds releasing the United States.
i have also tin' honor to ti anGmit the cashier's statement
marked A, duly svvoi n to, showing that up to June li tho
sum of $2,415,449 has been paid out in cash for the two
ships, in addition to which amount I owo to the sub-con-
traetors $•94,542, (see statement marked B ;) togethei, $2,-
509.991. To meet this expenditure I have received from
the Navy Depaitment the sum of §1,819,134, as per state-
ment marked C. It wilt be seen, theicfore, that the cash
actually paid out m excess of receipts, together with tiio
money now due to the sub-contractors, amounts to $690,-
857. "One year's interest on tins sum, at seven per cent.,
would amount to $48,359. Mr. Babcock has, however, not
included in his statement the disbursements attending tho
negotiations connected with laising funds; but as the build-
ing of the vessels has occupied over twenty-two months
the outlay on this account will somewhat exceed $40,000,
which, added to the before-named $690,857, shows the
actual outlay m excess of receipts to be $730,857.
To complete the Dictator agteeabie to eontiact will re-
quire, at current rates of materials and labor, $193,717.
The Puritan, with her .two turrets^ will require $.320,279,
us shown by Mr. Delamater's certificates, maiked E. The
foicgoing sums, added together, will amount to $1,447,883.
To meet this outlay, I have the balance to he paid (after
completion) by the Navy D°paitment on the ouginal
contract, and the balance due on extra work, together
$866,446. (See statement D.) Accordingly there will bo
a deficiency of $581,437 to bemade good by myself and
associates. But as the reservation will not be paid until
several months aftei dcliveiy, and since the two last pay-
ments under the contract will not be paid until after do-
ll very of the two ships at the navy-yard, the sum of
$1,447,883 must in the mean time be raised by myself and
associates. It will haidly be necessary for ine to assuio
the Naval Committee that it is wholly out of oar power to
furnish such an amount, and tnat therefore the ships can-
not be furnished unless relief is granted by Congress.
I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,
J. ericsson.
Hon. John P. Hale, Chairman of Committee on Naval
JSjfairs, United States Senate.
This joint resolution proposes to grant the re-
lief asked for, which is substantially that ho shall
go on and perfect the ship that is nearest to per-
fection, and that the Government shall take the
other at an appraisement.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to ask the chair-
man of the Committee on Naval Affairs whether
these vessels form a part of the twenty monitors
