168
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12,
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. And try to have
the other bill reported, so that we can pass'on all
the njatteis at once?
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir..
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. AH that we desire
is an opportunity to move an amendment to the
bill when it comes up. If the chairman of the
Committee on the Judiciary will allow us to move
an amendment, he can make any disposition of
the bill he chooses.
' Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. With the
consent of the gentleman-from Iowa, I will move
to postpone the further consideration of his mo-
tion to reconsider until to-morrow or any other
day. If the motion of the gentleman from Wis-
consin prevails, the bill, by being referred to the
Committee of the W^hole on the state of the Union,
will.be sent to "the tomb of the Capulets." I
will move that its further consideration be post-
poned until any time that the gentleman may
designate.
Mr. WILSON. Say Thursday next.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Very well.
Mr. WILSON. I agree, then, that by unani-
mous consent the consideration of the bill be post-
poned until Thursday of next week, at two o'clock
P Mr. BROWN, of. Wisconsin. Arid that fur-
thermore the bill shall in the mean time be printed.
Mr. COFFROTH. 1 hope the bill will be
printed. The people I represent are very much
interested in this matter. I represent the district
in which the greatest battle of this war was fought
—the battle of Gettysburg. My district has suf-
fered more from the armies of both sides than
probably any Uistiict represented by any other
member upon this floor. I desire very much to
examine this bill, because it is of great interest to
the people I have the honor to represent; and 1
want time to examine it, that 1 may come to a safe
conclusion in voting on it. Therefore 1 hope the
consideration of this bill will be postponed until
such time as we can come to a safe conclusion.
The motion made by Air. Wasiibuiike, of Illi-
nois, was ihen agreed to..
Mr. THOMAS, of Maryland. I am instructed
by the Committee on the Judiciary to report, with
. amendments, a bill relating to the subjeetjust now
under discussion,and toasktliatitm-ay be printed.
1 ask that its consideration may be postponed to
the same lime as the other bill.
The bill (tl. R. No. G3) supplemental to the
laws relating to the War^Department, and au-
thorizing the settlement and payment of certain
claims against the United States, was read by its
title, ordered to be printed, and its consideiation
postponed until Thursday of next week, at two
o'clock p. 111.
INTERNAL 1U5VKNUE REPORT.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. 1 rise to
a privileged question. 1 am instructed by the
Committee on Printing to report the following
resolution:
Rnolrcd, That six thousand extra copies ottlie rcpiutof
The Comnii.^ionerof' Intei twit Revenue, and aeenmimnyui^
tables, of which one thousand «hall be lor the use ot tie'
Internal Revenue Oliiee, r-tiall be punted.
1 demand the previous question upon its pas-
sage.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation,
thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetis, moved to
reconsidertbe vote last taken, and also-moved to
lay the motion to leconsidcr on the table; which
latter motion was agreed to.
REVISION 01'' UNITUX) STATES STATUTES.
Mr.'WILSON. 1 am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary to report back the bill
(li. R. No. 67) for the revision and consolidation
of the statutes of the United States, and to ask
that it be printed and recommitted to the com-
mittee.
The bill was read a first and second time,
ordered to be printed, and recommitted to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
CONTESTIJD ELECTION.
Mr. BROWN, of Virginia. I rise to a privi-
leged question. 1 present the papers in the con-
teMe.l-i iecthin case 1'iom the seventh congressional
distiictin the State of Vitgmia, and ask that they
be printed and referred to the Committee ol Elec-
tions.
The SPEAKER. It is not usual to print such
papers until the Committee of Elections request it.
Mr. DAWES. I object to the printing;
The papers were referred to the. Committee of
Elections.
INTERNAL TAX BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I wish to present a bill that
was not quite finished when tiie Committee of
Ways and Means was called. It is a bill to in-
crease the internal revenue, and for other pur-
poses. I ask that it may be printed, and madea
special order for two o'clock day after to-morrow.
The bill was read a first and second time, or-
dered to be printed, and made the Special order
for Thursday next, at two o'clock p. m.
CONTESTED ELECTION IN .DAKOTA.
Mr. DAWES presented some papers ill the
contested-election case m theTerritory of Dakota;
which were referred to the Committee of Elec-
tions.
PENNSYLVANIA WAR EXPENSES.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole oil thestate ofthe Union,
(Mr. Pike in the chair,) and proceeded to the coin
sideration of the bill (H. R.No 117) to reimburse
the State of Pennsylvania for expenses in calling
out the militia of said State during the recent in-
vasion.
The bill was read.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. Will it be now
in order to move to amend that bill so as to in-
clude the State of New Yoik, and to increase the
appiopiiation accordingly?
The CHAIRMAN. Amendments are nowm
order. •
Mr FERNANDO WOOD. I inovc to insert
"New York"after" Pennsylvania,"and to strike
out the amount of the appropriation,and l<iave it
blank, so as to comprehend such sum as the Stale
of New Yoik may have expended for like pur-
poses.
Mr. ROGERS. I move t.o amend the amend-
ment by inserting' "New Jdscy" after "New
Yoik."
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Chairman, it is perhaps
not precisely understood upon what * his appro-
priation is bused. By a law passed in Juiy, 18G1,
there was special provision made for all
where the militia weie culled out on occasions ot
this kind; and it was provided that when the State
militia so called out should have had their claims
audited and settled at the War Department, then
an appropriation should be made, and the amount
' found due paid.
I should not have the least objection to enter-
tain the amendment of the gentleman fiom New
York, [Mr. Fkrnanoo Wood,] as well asthutot
the gentleman from New Jeisey, [Mr. Rogers,]
if the accounts of (ho^e States had been audited
by tjhc properanthorities., hccause then the law re-
quires that we shall make an appropriation. We
are passing1 no new law. ! ask thai the law which
I send to the Cleik's desk be read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
"That the Secretary of the Tieasuiy bo and hoi* heieby
directed, out of any money in the Tjea-ury not otherwise
appioprnued, to pay to the Governor of any Plate, orto his
duly authorized a«ent«, the eo-st, ehatgeo. and expend
propetiy meutred by *ueh ^late t"r emolhng, subM>tui<,r,
Mipphnu?, arming, equipping, piymy, and rran^poitin* us
troop* cmplojt d in aiding to ^uppro-> thcpic-eni insurrec-
tion against the United Staffs, to be settled upon ptopcr
vouchee to he filed and parsed upon by the proper account-
ing otliecis of lite Trea-uiy."
Mr. STKVKNS. I no# ask the Cleric to read
the papers from the War Department which 1
semi up.
.The Cleik lead, as follows:
WAR Dn-ARTMrvT.
Wa^tunoton City, Juj naiy 4. 186h
Sir- Tne Dcpaitmnnt ha-* thiMlay leccivcd ieturn« of the
amounts requued foi the pavm°nt of the nnima called out
for the defense ot the riute ot PemiM Ivvmi.t on the -26th <>!
June, a^am.-a the invasion by the tchel force-* under
command of Geneial.I>ee. Thcie heins no appropriation
out of which tliL-^e payment - could be made at ttie tune they
were refjiun'd, p.Uuoiie i-ttt/.cii-j of Philadelphia advanced
the money, and xt is piop"rthat they should b.' icuubui^ed
without delay. I would respectfully recommend, therefore,
that an immediate appropriation for that put pose be made.
A copy of a letter ot the Second Auditor ot theTrcasmy
is herewith eomummcated, showing the amount ot elamw
audited bv him to be ,$'671,476 43 uptodate. it is supposed
that. .§700j000 will eovei the whole amount ot'theseclaiiiis.
I have the honor to be, very lespectfuily, yoms,
EDWIN M. STANTON,
Secretary of Wat.
Hon. Thaddeus Stevens, Chairman Committee of Ways
and Means, House of Representatives.
Treasury Department,
Second Auditor's Office, January 4, 1864.
Sir: Respecting the claimof the State of Pennsylvania,
amounting to $671,476 43, for payments made to the imhtia
called out under the proclamation of the Governor of that
State dated June 26,1863,1 have the honor to state that the
rolls and vouchers for said payments have been administra-
tively exam ined in tins office, and found irfihe jmuu correct.
Emus and discrepancies amounting to, j-ay, $2,900 have
been discovered, consisting principally ol cases where the
interim] revenue tax i& not deducted, or, when deducted,
not accounted for.
I am, very re>pectfully, your obedient
Second Jiuditor•
Hon. E. M. Stanton, Secretary of War.
Mr. STEVENS. It will lie seen that the law
under which we are allowed to ask for this reim-
bursement has been complied with. It is obvious
also that the payment ought not to be delayed, on
account of the manner in which the money to pay
these expenses was raised by citizens who were
patriotic enough to advance it.
There are several other States which have sim-
ilar claims, but which have not yet presented them
and had them audited, and among ihem are New
Yoik, which furnished some regiments on that
occasion, and New Jeisey some. In Ohio also
there are some claims of this kind. As soon as
they are audited, the law requires that they shall
be paid, and all that is necessary is that we should
make a specific appropiiation. I trust, therefore,
that gentlemen will see no reason for delaying
action in this case. The claims seem to have been
just; all the requirements of the law have been
'complied with; and 1 do not suppose anybody in
the House will vote so as to defeat this appropria-
tion, or to make it depend on ail appropriation
for New Yolk or New Jersey, or for any other
State. This isall the explanation 1 have to make.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. Mr. Chairman, I
am very sure that there is nothing 111 the law which
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means has referred us to, nor in the practice of
Congress, that should deny New York an equal
footing on this question witji Pennsylvania or any' •
other State of the Union. 1 tliink, sir, the alac-
lity with which New Yoik came to the aid of
Pennsylvania entitles us to the largest and most
hbeial consideiation from Pennsylvania with ref-
erence to our rights in this regald. The city of
New York alone has absolutely disbursed, through
her coiporate authorities, $5,000,000 towaul the
suppression of this rebellion, til the outfit of troops,
in providing for bounties.to volunteers, and for
other similar objects,, which, at a pioper time, 1
intend to present as a mattei of claim upon this
Government to the consideration ot Congress.
I Hut, sir, I cannot concede an a matter of justice
and right or of law that New Yoik is not entitled
[ to have her just claims considered and acted on at
I this time, as is proposed by the gentleman liom
Pennsylvania in behalf of his own State. I shall
therefore insist oti the amendment which 1 have
offered.
Mr. KING. Mr. Chairman, Missouri is very
much interested in questions of the character of
the one now before the committee; and if the,
proposition ofthe gentleman ' from New York
i [Mr. Fernando Wood] should be sustained, 1
] should be derelict in my duty if 1 (I'd not bring
up the case of Missouri. But the Mew which 1
! take of this question will compel me to vote a:;a]list
| the amendment of the gentleman fiom New York;
i and I wish to give an explanation of the views I
S entertain on the subject, in order that 1 may be
• understood, not only here, but elsewhere.
| My attention hasbeen repeatedly called to claims
; fiom the State of Missuuii similar in character to
! iiiuse of Pennsylvania, and cm looking to'see what
! had been the action of Congress ivnetofore 1 found
'• tin; law which the chairman of the Committee of
' Ways and Means has had read to us, and which
1 thought amply piovided for the cases ill M ts-
i souri. Tlieie is a resolution referred to on the
. maigin of that law in another part of the act,
