2190
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9,
Military at elections ! There are gray-headed
gentlemen on the other side of the House. Have
they forgotten the Washington massacre of 1857?
Republican gentlemen at the North were then very
silent. They did not care—like the gentleman
from Massachusetts—to soil themselves by de-
fendingthe every where downtrodden and reviled
sect of Know Nothings, though the principles of
free government were at issue in their oppression.
To that-class the gentleman from Massachusetts
belongs, who wishes to keep his skirts so clean
in the eyes of his enemies that he prefers to de-
liver over to their wrath his friends rather than
encounter the risk of seeing justice done them.
The honorable chairman of the committee and
his colleague to-day are the only men who have
learned no lesson of manly wisdom from events.
Bitter experience has taught everybody else that
the rights of every one are the interest of all; that
if there is to be power there must be unity and
mutual support, and that all who are against the
common enemy are for the Republic. When
those sentiments cease to prevail, the Adminis-
tration willcease to haveamajority in this House.
But, sir, the Washington massacre, who has
forgotten it? Who has forgotten that upon a day
of a peaceful election, within the hearing of the
President of the United States, and that Presi-
dent James Buchanan, under the pretext that
violent men had come from Baltimore to overbear
a municipal election here, on occasion of an acci-
dental and transitory fight at the polls, over in a
few minutes, and after everything had been quiet
for nearly an hour, the President and Toucey or-
dered the marines to suppress the riot; some boys,
like our pages, marched up with them dragging
an old swivel, spiked, and wanting one wheel;
and these soldiers in uniform, and with glittering
muskets loaded by order with a ball and two buck-
shot, came to the polls, and weie ordered to charge
bayonets and fire, and did fire upon those boys
and drove them away and captured their harmless
gun,and then they wheeled in the other direction
and fired point blank into a peaceful crowd of spec-
tators, and thirty-six men fell, ten of them dead,
in the streets of Washington, and all upon the
false pretense that Baltimorenns had meddled with
elections in Washington, but really to secure a
Democratic mayor! Who has forgotten that?
All dune when there was no not, when there was
no fighting, when everything was quiet, and elect-
ors were voting at those polls at the rate of two
votes and a half a minute! And when the dead
came to be countcd, there were no Baitimoreans
among them; and when the wounded came to be
counted, there was only one Baltimorean,and he
a poor brakesman, who hud come over in the cars
that morning in the discharge of his duty, and he
had cast his vote for James Buchanan; and when
they came to count the dead and wounded, only
two were of the American party at all, the lest
being friends of the President who shot them
down.
And when the Government tried fourteen men
for this riot before a court of justice, with a Dem-
ocratic marshal, a packed jury, and a court under
the power of the Government, they could notcon-
vict one man of the riot for which they had shot
thirty-six men in cold blood. And when the
coroner's jury, after inquest upon two of fhe
dead men, found that they met their death by the
filing of the marines, causelessly and unjusti-
fiably, there were no more inquests befoie the
coroner, and the victims went to their graves with
no more inquiry than if they were dogs shot by
the police ! Military at elections ! If I were a
Democrat, it is the last topic 1 would refer to.
Piudence would counsel silence. It might be
worth while even for the honorable gentleman
from Massachusetts, in defending his friends, to
take some pains to look into the history of the
country, if he has forgotten it, and see where the
responsibility rests for military violence at elec-
tions. Sir, that one year was fruitful in exam-
ples, full of instruction.
Maryland elections have been referred to, and as
usual misrepresented and misunderstood. With
them my name has been continually connected
by my enemies and the enemies of our cause. I
have sat with contemptuous silence in this House
for six years, scorning to notice railing accu-
sations elsewhere. No man ever dared in
my
presence to impeach my conduct; nor did my
competitors venture until my third election to
transfer the contest from the papers and private
slander to a tribunal competent to decide it under
other responsibilities than those which restrain
lying newspapers, the whispers of private malice,
and audacious assertions upon the hustings. And
as the honorable gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Dawes] has done me the kind favor on my
.own side of the House, in the midst of my polit-
ical friends, to sneer at the conduct of my con-
stituents in those elections in his effort to save
the reputation of the Administration at their ex-
pense, I mean to take up the gauntlet, and to
say that no elections have anywhere occurred of
more national importance, or which reflected more
honor upon the indomitable spirit and determin-
ation of the people to vindicate their rights at
every hazard, than the elections in which I was
a candidate, for which I have been falsified, and
respecting which I have scorncd to defend my-
self. My reputation was before the people where
the events took place, and where the results suf-
ficiently manifest their judgment of my conduct,
which I am now here to defend before the people
of the United States.
These are the elections that the honorable gen-
tleman from Massachusetts scorns because they
were prepared in secret conclaves of Maryland
and Delaware, not opened with prayer. But,
however decried, they were the work of that
American party which organized to rescue the
public school system from a Democratic and sec-
tarian conspiracy, and first met and broke the
power of the Democraticdomination. Yes, gen-
tlemen of the Republican party, none other ever
broke its power. You encountered its fragments
when its scepter was already wrested from Us
hand. Other circumstances arose to change the
course of events. You achieved its destruction
and drove its southern leaders to the alternative
of submission or rebellion, but that decisive bat-
tle was fought by the Know-Nothingparty, which
the gentleman from Massachusetts now speaks
so contemptuously about, and which many libel,
now that it is dead, who feared it when alive.
After years of contemptuous silence, I rise to vin-
dicate its memory,and claim its true place in his-
tory, now that events are illustrating the fruits of
its struggles.
its memory is outraged by those who occupy
the ground it won; and the language of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts requires me to break
the silence I have so long observed.
i am here to-day to speak a chapter of history.
In the fall of 1854, when I was absent from the
country in Europe, the American party organized
in Baltimore city, and by the secrecy of its organ-
ization it threw an unprecedented vote and swept
the Democrats from power in that city. They
had been in the habit of maintaining theirauthor-
ity there in their usual manner. That election took
them by surprise. It was as peaceful and quietas
one of the honorable gentleman's prayer-meetings
before elections in Massachusetts. In 1855 there
were elections, municipal and congressional. At
the latter I was for the first time a candidate; and it
was the first open struggle for power by the Ameri-
cans. The Democrats organized banded bodies
of armed ruffians and bullies, who at nearly every
poll in the city of Baltimore at the municipal elec-
tion made deliberate assaults on the people there
assembled, and numbers of persons were wounded.
They carried by a small vote the municipal elec-
tion, which took place two weeks before the con-
gressional election, by tins violence. Between
the municipal and the congressional election the
young men of Baltimore, the young mechanics of
Baltimore, the heart and strength of the Repub-
lic and without which the nation would be noth-
ing, organized themselves with arms and said,
44 We will vote if it is to be a vote, and fight if it
is to be alight." Again the Insh and Democrats,
armed with United States weapons, took the of-
fensive but failed at the polls, and the result was
that we carried the day by a small majority on a
very full vote, and nobody was fool enough to
come here, after having appealed to arms as well
as votes and been defeated, and attempt to impeach
that election.
Furious at defeat, the Democrats organized
their forces for the flections, municipal and pres-
idential, of 1856. The great Irish ward was a
vast arsenal, and men marched forth in battle
ariay and fired deliberate volleys into peaceful
crowds at a neighboring precinct Instantly it
was replied to. But the Irishman could not meet
the American mechanic, and again the Democrats
mourned defeat, while we grieved over our friends
treacherously slain. We had either to be driven
from the polls or to fight, and our young men
preferred the latter alternative. Whether that
would pass in an electioneering prayer-meeting
in the honorable chairman's district now I know
not, but it would have the approval of the Boston
men of 1775, whose prayers were not inconsist-
ent with fighting!
Then came the great contest for Governor in
1857. But in the mean time the Americans, hav-
ing got possession of power, had done what the
Democrats always refused to do—organized a
police and armed it; for we did not choose that
while we were in power ruffians should make an
election a question not merely of numbers but of
power. Representatives of the majesty of the
law, we meant to enforce submission to it, and
we organized and armed a strong police force;
and it accomplished its purpose and kept the
peace. At the municipal election in 1857 there
was peace and quiet throughout the city of Balti-
more, from one end to the other, excepting in the
eighth ward, which is under Irish domination.
There the lush took possession of houses and
armed themselves and shot at the police as they
passed, and thrice they marched in a body with
United States weapons to attack Americans at
the polls; and as often they were dispersed and
disarmed by the police. They were met every-
where by the organized and armed police, and,
without hurting one of the villains who were thus
aiming at their lives, they suppressed every at-
tempt at disturbance throughout the city on the
part of the Irish; and when the day closed there
were only nine men dead or wounded to count,
and they were policemen!
Two weeks afterwards the gubernatorial elec-
tion came off. Governor Ligon, now a traitor,
was then the Democratic Governor of Maryland.
He thought that nothing could defeat the Ameri-
cans of Baltimore city but the employment of the
organized militia of the State, and therefore he
repaired to Baltimore and issued a proclamation,
calling out six thousand militiamen, borrowed
muskets from Governor Wise of Virginia to arm
them, to keep the peace in Baltimore, because, two
weeks before, nine policemen had been shot in
keeping the peace against the Democrats, his
friends. Negotiations passed. I was a party to
them. Mr. Swann was then mayor of the city.
I am not entitled to take any share of the credit
for the indomitable firmness he exhibited at that
time. All I can say is that what he did I ap-
proved and was ready to stand by. I advised him
to yield nothing to .the Governor, but let him cull
his military into the streets of Baltimore if he
dared; and that was Mr. Swann's own judgment.
He had ample preparations for any emergency,
and the Governor knew it; but that did not answer
his purpose, which was to overawe the Ameri-
cans by military force. He therefore sent his
enrolling officers through the streets to find men
to hold Wise's muskets, prepared for a bloody
day, or to frighten the American party for the first
time in history.
Those officers for two days endeavored* to
muster a force in Baltimore, but in vain. One
store they were laughed at and they were kicked
out of the next. The light division threw
down their arms and refused to obey. And when
two days had elapsed, and the Governorfound
that though he had plenty of muskets sent him
by Governor Wise he had no men in whose
hands to put them, another spirit came over his
dream. He began to find that Mayor Swann
had a sufficient force under him to keep the peace.
He was satisfied with two hundred special police
to do the woik he called out six thousand sol
diers to do. He was content to submit to two
hundred muskets in the hands of the regular po-
lice what he intended to do with six thousand in
the hands of the militia; and, disgusted at his own
abortive attempt at military dictation, he issued
a final order announcing that having secured the
object of his official intervention he did not con-
template the use of his military force—which he
had wholly failed to organize !—and slunk from
the city which had tolerated his presence.
I recollect very well, after the negotiationshad
gone on all night, and men had become doubt-
ful as to what was to be the result, an assembly
