1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
Sl<
$iat it is understood will not float with the turret
and armament.
Mr. HALE. No, sir, these are very different
things.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate,
ordered to a third reading, and read the third time.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am in favor of the pur-
pose of this resolution, but I have had soroe diffi-
culty to understand whether the resolution accom-
plishes precisely what was intended, or whether
it does not go beyond what was intended. No
man in the country, lam sure9 can have a higher
admiration for the genius and patriotism and de-
votion to country of Mr. Ericsson. I do not
think that in this war any man has entitled him-
self more to the public gratitude. I have no
doubt that these vessels have been built faithfully,
and that their construction has resulted in great
loss to Mr. Ericsson and those associated with
him in this work, and I desire that they should be
made whole. I desire that the contractors should
receive from the Government for these vessels
every dollar which they have expended, and
which I have no doubt has been well expended,
and then I desire that Mr. Ericsson should have
a suitable reward for his exertions and discov-
eries. But I wish to ask the chairman of the
Naval Committee a question in regard to the ef-
fect of this resolution. These vessels were con-
tracted for two years ago. I suppose the iron
and machinery and large portions of the work
were contracted for at the prices then prevalent,
gold being a great deal lower than it is to-day
certainly. Now, are we to take the Puritan at a
valuation based on the present prices of materials
and labor? I suppose iron is worth now more
than double what it was when the iron in this
vessel was bought. Is it meant that we are to
pay for the vessel what it would cost to build u
now, or what it did cost at the time the materials
were purchased? The latter, I think, every Sen-
ator would be in favor of allowing. 1 think it
would not be fair to the Government to pay what
it would cost to build it now.
I feel great reluctance in making this state-
ment, because I am very desirous that Mr. Erics-
son and the very honorable gentlemen who have
been associated with him in performing a public
service should come out of it well. I wish the
resolution explained in the particular to which I
have referred: I suppose the chairman of the
committee can do it.
Mr. SHERMAN. This is a very important
proposition. I desire to know if it has any con-
nection with the bill for the relief of the contract-
ors for the double-enders.
Mr.-HALE. Not the slightest in the world.
This stands by itself; it has no connection with
any other bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is something in the
point made by the Senator from Rhode island.
The appraisement of the presentvalue of the iron
alone might give to the contractors an enormous
profit. They undoubtedly purchased the iron
much lower than the present rates. An appraise-
ment of the vessel now might give them an enor-
mous profit instead of simply making them
whole, i am disposed to vote for a proposition
to make Mr. Ericsson whole; not to allow him
to lose anything, because it was an experiment.
I am doubtful whether the resolution as it stands
would not give too much. Not being a member
of the Naval Committee I am not sufficiently in-
formed to say how that is.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have prepared an amend-
ment to be submitted if it meets the views of the
chairman of the Naval Committee, so as to make
the joint resolution read thus:
Be it resolved, fyc., That the Secretary of tbc Navy be,
and lie is hereby, authorized to amend the existing con-
nect for the construction of the Dictator and the Puiitan,
ami to appoint a competent board to ascertain their cost as
far as completed, and of the material on hand deemed ac-
tually necessary to their construction, and of interest on
the same, and to pay to Captain John Eiiesson, the con-
tractor, the amount of valuation so ascertained, deducting
therefrom any sums already advanced toward the comple-
tion of t>aid vessels; and that on said payment being made
by the Secretary of the Navy, the rights of the conuactor
to said vessels and material or any portion thereof shall
cease, and be vested wholly and absolutely in the United
States, which shall thenceforth proceed to complete said
vessels under such arrangements as may be deemed most
advantageous: Provided, Thatnoacuon shall be had under
this resolution until said contractor shall have signified to
the Secretary of th<* Navy, in writing, his acceptance of
its provisions and his willingness to superintend to com-
pletion the construction of said vessels.
And be it further resolucd, That upon the completion of
said vessels, and their delivery to the Government, and
their acceptance, the Secretary of the Navy is authorized
and directed to pay to John Ericsson, in addition to such
compensation as may be agreed upon for his services in
superintending the completion of said vessels, the sum of
 dollars.
I do not know that this is exactly right, but
I have felt it my duty to suggest it to the Sen-
ate. I would rather pass the resolution as it is
than not pass any at all, for I think some relief
is due to him and his associates. I understand
it is their opinion—and they are gentlemen who
would make no misrepresentations on the subject !
—that the resolution does not make them whole; 1
but at the same time they would rather have it
than a better one, because it is late in the session
and they fear that any amendment adopted here
may not be acted on by the House of Represent-
atives. There is also another consideration of
ver^ great importance, and that is that the ves-
sels ought to be immediately prosecuted to com-
pletion; but still I do not think the Government
ought to pay the present valuation of iron and
labor that was bought and performed two years
ago.
Mr. DIXON. I like the original proposition
better than this amendment. It seems to me this
complicates the matter, and I do not see that it
protects the Government more than the original
proposition as passed by the House of Represent-
atives, and reported by our committee.
Mr. SHERMAN. It seems to me that to pay
Mr. Ericsson and his associates the present value
of these vessels would be to give them a profit
of at least one hundred per cent, on the entire
cost of the work. That cost was disbursed by
them a year or two ago. Probably some of the
contracts were made immediately after the con-
tract with the Government. To give them the
entire present value would be to give them an enor-
mous profit on their work. They ask for relief.
Ordinarily they would not be entitled to relief.
They made a contract with the Government which
they were bound to perform, and if it were an
ordinary case I would not extend any relief to
them. But the case of Mr. Ericsson is rather
peculiar. Here was a new invention, a species
of vessel demanded by the wants of the Govern-
ment, useful for the Government, and I think the
Government ought to bear thebutdenof theloss,
if there has been any, in the experiment. There
is no reason why the whole burden should be
thrown on Mr. Ericsson and his associates. I
am willing to make them whole and allow him
a reasonable compensation for his services while
superintending these vessels. I have no objection
to that; but, under color of estimating these ves-
sels at their present value, to give to the gentle-
men who built them an enormous profit, I think
would be grossly unjust to the Government. I
hope we shall not do so. I am perfectly willing
that an account shall be rendered, and that we
shall take the vessels off the hands of these gentle-
men at their cost, allowing Mr. Ericsson a reason-
able compensation for his personal services. I
think that is all the relief we can properly render,
especially in the present condition of our money
affairs.
Mr. HALE. There is no mistake about this
matter, and if Senators will give me their attention
for a few moments 1 think I can make them un-
derstand it. There is only one vessel to be ap-
praised. The Dictator is nearly done, and Mr.
Ericsson is to go on and finish it at his own cost
and in his own way. To appraise the other at
its actual cost, without taking into consideration
its present value, would be no relief at all. Mr.
Ericsson states to you that he is actually behind-
hand in money that he has paid out on these two
vessels, overand above what he has received from
the Department, without casting interest, oversix
hundred and ninety thousand, nearly seven hun-
dred thousand, dollars; and he tells you further,
that to complete the Dictator, which hehasgotto
complete, will require $196,000, and upon that
there will be an enormous loss. How is it to be
made up ? The Government does not interfere in
the case of the Dictator; he is to go on and com-
plete it,and complete ltatan enormous loss. How
is that to be made up to him? By taking the
other vessel off his hands at its present value.
I do not understand exactly the logic ©f the
Senator from Rhode Island. He says he is will-
ing to make Mr. Ericsson whole, and to pay him
a bonus in addition, which bonus is left blank.
One of the gentlemen, of very high respectability,;
who has been associated with Mr. Ericsson,and '
is one of his sureties to the Government, stated to
the committee that if you passed the resolution in
the form in which it now is he would be very
glad to be let off with a loss of $100,000 under the
resolution as it now stands. You should remem-
ber when you come to estimate the value'of these
vessels—there are two of them—that there was to
be $2,300,000 paid for them, which! would be
$1,150,000 for one, allowing them to be equal.
This resolution proposes simply to give Captain
Ericsson for the §690,000 that he is now actually
deficient in money advances what can be made
by estimating the value of the vessel at its fair
price. That is all the relief proposed. It will
not make him whole. Such was the testimony
before the committee-; but still as it is a great un-
dertaking and involves immense capital he is will-
ing to take this rather than to wait for anything
further. Let me ask my friend from Iowa if he
thinks it possible that the increase in the price of
iron on a vessel that is to cost a little over $1,100,-
000 can be such that Mr. Ericsson can mafte a
profit. We know that he is now out of pocket
for money actually advanced $690,000, and nearly
$200,000 are required to finish the Dictator. That
will be$900,000 that he will be outof pocket; and
is it possible that he can make that amount or
anything like it out of the increased value of the
iron which ia now in the Puritan? for that is all
there is of it. The other vessel we do not inter-
fere with.
It seems to me if we are going to do anything
we had belter do this. If the amendment of the
Senator from Rhode Island should be adopted it
will be a total defeat of the measure. It is of
immense consequence that these vessels should
be prepared and ready for service. The Govern-
ment wants them, and wants them immediately.
If we are going to do anything we had better dd
it now.
The PRESIDENT tempore. The question
is on the passage of the joint resolution.
Mr.-HALE. I thought it was on the amend-
ment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair'
does not understand the amendment to be pressed.
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 shall not press it. I ,
merely wished to bring the matter to the atten-
tion of the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was ordered to
a thiid reading. 1 simply desire to offer the
amendment suggested by the Senator from Rhode
Island.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to strike out the
words " present value" wherever theyoccurand
to insert4< actual cost." Iam not familiar enough
with the amendment of the Senator from Rhode
Island to offer it. If he will explain it, I will-
offer it.
Mr. ANTHONY. That I think will not an-
swer the purpose, because undoubtedly there has
been a loss upon the Dictator, and if Mr. Erics-
son is compelled to bear the whole loss upon the
Dictator and then is only paid the actual cost of
the Puritan, he will be largely out of pocket.
The amendment I suggested was that he be paid
the actual cost of both vessels with interest upon
that sum.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator's amend-
ment is prepared and he will hand it to me I will
offer it.
Mr. JOHNSON. Is there nothing in the
amendment offered by the member from Rhode
Island that docs not go beyond that?
Mr. GRIMES. Yes; there is another section
giving a gratuity.
Mr. JOHNSON, i thought so.
Mr. GRIMES. What do I understand to be
the question before the Senate?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is no
question now before the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will offer my amendment
in order to test the sense of the Senate by insert-
ing the words " actual cost" for " presentvalue"
where they occur in the sixth line, and if the
Senate should adopt that as the rule it will be
very easy then to make it apply I© both the Die-
tator and the Puritan
Mr. JOHNSON. . I may be incorrectly in-
