1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2191
that occuried in the broad place before the Ilolli-
day street theater, near the mayor's office. Quiet-
ly and calmly, well dressed, not a word above
ordinary conversation, packed as closely as men
can stand, they waited to know the order that was
to be given; and when Mayor Swann bade them
go home, await quietly the result of the negotia-
tions, and bide their time, they greeted him with
three cheers, and dispersed. Not far off the Irish,
with clenched fists and yells, menaced them with-
out being able to provoke a word, a groan, or a
blow.
One of Governor Ligon's advisers saw that
assembly over Mr. Swann's shoulder, and found
Ins way through a back gate, and carried to the
Governor what he had seen; and it was that sight
which satisfied him probably that the arrange-
ments of Mayor Swann were adequate to the
emergency.
li was only three or four months after James
Buchanan had shot down American citizens in
the city of Washington, by the military of the
United States, that his Democratic fiiends'thus
attempted to imitate his military method of making
a minority equal to a majority in Maryland, but
miserably tailed. The day of election came and
passed quietly as aSabbaih day; and the people
recorded their reprobation of this illegal attempt
at military usurpation by an overwhelming ma-
jority; and Holliday Hicks was by their voice
Governor of Maryland ! Even the violence of
Governor Ligon could not provoke the people of
Baltimore to insult or outrage him; and the people
he came to subjugate double their police force
round his hcadquartois to insure him against the
violence he provoked.
John C. Groome, the opponent of Governor
Hicks, is now disloyal to the United States and a
fi ieml of the southern rebels!
Now let us pause and contemplate the historic
significance of this election. Where would you
have been had Groome and not Hicks been Gov-
ernor of Maryland prior to the inauguration of
President Lincoln? Where would you have been
had Groome instead of Governor Hicks held the
military power of that State in his hands on the
19th of Apnl, 1861 ?
It is strange enough to see a Massachusetts
Republican m this House overlook the connection
of this election with that period, and speak lightly
#of the men who then saved the Republic.
Well, sir, an election was held in 1858 with like
results, and Democrats submitted tdfcthe invinci-
ble. Finding they could not crush us by organ-
ized military force, which now was out of their
power, they oiganized a most infamous associa-
tion, called the Reform party, whose duty it was
to lie down, in the public prints and in public
speeches and by seciet associations, what they
could not fight down in open daylight. A few
respectable people were deluded into covering its
infamy by their names. The leaders were not of
a materia! that could meet American mechanics
on the broad ground of republican equality at the
polls; they shrank from contact with the rough
crowd at the polls; they wanted an election man-
aged like a ball-room; they would have a police i
to play gentlemen ushers in removingall unclean
contact with their vulgtu competitors at the place
of voting, and they tried their hands at party or-
ganization. They went to the polls and stayed
until about ten o'clock, getting nil the votes they
had, and when they had run dry, by a precon-
certed arrangement they withdrew from the polls,
and said they were not allowed to vote, and
whined about freedom of elections, and vented
their puny spite on their powerful and successful
antagonistsjwho exposed their iricks, defied their
power, and laughed at their discomfiture. But
fortune had reserved them for her mockery. They
were destined to an unexpected triumph, due to
other causes, and followed by an unexpected les- j
idenceoftheirchiefs in Fort Warren. They failed |
to defeat me in the city of Baltimore, but an event j
which was the precursor of the rebellion gave the :
Democrats of the counties the Legislatuie. Both j
results demand our consideration here.
It was John Brown who gave the Democrats j
and Reformers the Maryland Legislatuie of 1860 \
—that infamous Assembly which created and j
named the commissioners of police, who organ- i
ized the mob of April 19 into a rebellion against j
the United States. It was that Legislature which i
prepared in 1860 arms and troops for 1861; it was I
that Legislature which found its fitting end in
Fort Warren, but with John C. Groome in the
gubernatorial chair would have wielded all the
military power of Maryland against the United
States in 3861; and no reflecting man can doubt
that had Maryland done as Virginia did the cap-
ital must have been abandoned.
My competitor—who has since been honored
by a residence in Forts La Fayette and Warren—
was simple and honest enough to believe the howl
of his reform friends over his defeat by violence
and fraud, and in an evil hour, at their instigation,
rashly contested my election on mueh the same
sort of evidence now produced against the hon-
orable gentleman from Missouri. No„w, for the
first time, myenemiesleftthearenaofnewspaper
slanders, where I would not condescend to tattle
with them,and met me upon the fair field of a legal
contest, with sworn testimony, although they
contrived to cheat me out of an opportunity to
take my evidence, and the reform association un-
dertook the prosecution for Mr. Harrison. And
when the evidence came to be summed up and an-
alyzed only twenty-six illegal votes were proved
in all my district, and forty or fifty cases of as-
sault and battery in all of the city of Baltimore!
On that election committee the honorable, gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] voted
with Hon. John A. Gilmer, of North Carolina,
that the election was not void, and that I was en-
titled to my seat! He did not then think secret
conclaves, the prevalence of club violence in Ma-
ryland, fit topics in an election contest, and his
vote on that case leaves him without excuse in
his unworthy and groundless slur on elections
which he himself had investigated, and on sworn
evidence pronounced valid. He cannot plead even
ignorance m extenuation of his libel on the char-
acter of Maryland elections.
He insinuated that my views and those of the
gentleman from Delaware were influenced by our
contact with violence at elections, or, as he ele-
gantly expressed it, that we had part of the fiitch
of bacon. Massachusetts thoughtshe had part of
the flitch when Banks was elected Speaker. All
of the free States thought they had a part of the
ilitch of bacon when some decisive votes were
given from Maryland in the Lecompton contest.
The Republican party thought they had a part of
the flitch of bacon when William Pennington as-
cended t^e Speaker's chair. Gentlemen of short
memories cannot be allowed to forget these things
when Maryland is taunted with her elections.
It is rather late to attempt to cast reflections on
the elections in the city of Baltimoie, now that
their historic significance is written in the great
events of the times, especially when I can point
to the standing dome of tjiis Capitol as a perpetual
monument to attest the value of the triumph then
achieved. If ill becomes any man of the Repub-
lican party to cast in my teeth, of all the men in the
world, that I have a part of the " flitch of bacon."
The honorable gentleman from Massachusetts
is equally unfortunate in his sneer at the loyal
mechanics of Baltimore, wjiom he styles "Plug
Uglies." It is a sad pi oof of how much his
association with our political enemies has cor-
iupted his English. He borrows their slang to
describe their enemies, whom they blacken be-
cause they failed to defeat them. The persons
whom he sneers at as Plug Uglies are as respect-
able as the most respectable of his constituents,
as fum in their patriotism, as consistentand fear-
less in their political convictions, as rich in ser-
vices to their common country. Itis the heart of
the Amercnn mechanics that he thus slights. Plug
Uglies 1 Why sir, many hundreds of them now
sleep in soldiers'-graves in the cause of the Re-
public. They constituted in great part that fa-
mous first Maryland regiment, which, under the
heroic Kenly, arrested with their bayonets for
hours ten times their number of rebel cavalry
at Front Royal, and never yielded till they were
literally ridden down and destroyed, that they
might give the Massachusetts Banks time to save
his army; and with their blood they bought his
safety, which he, more grateful than the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, was prompt and elo-
quent in acknowledging!
The Plug Uglies of Maryland! One of them—
Captain Gregory Barrett—has just been pro-
moted by the conservative Governor of Mary-
land to be lieutenant colonel of his regiment. No
man has shown more valor, none has been more
heroicinhisjresolution,than this mat* nowstand-
ing before the enemies of his country, while
the gentleman from Massachusetts revives and
spreads the Democratic epithets by \ybich his
enemies sought to injure him.
Itwas these men, whom our enemies designate
by the name the gentleman from Massachusetts
quotes from them, that formed the great, silent*
irresistible power which palsied the traitors who
on and after the 19th of, April vainly strove to
tear Maryland from the Union; and their asso 
ciates and friends who fell victims to the weapons
of their Irish enemies at the elections whose his-
tory I have briefly narrated, died oft the same
streets, by the same hands, for the same cause,
with men of Massachusetts "who fell on the 19th
of April, and are entitled to be enrolled in his-
tory among the nameless dead who gave their
lives for the Republic.
Now, sir, my mode of vindicating the Admin-
istration is this: 1 meet the charges when they
are brought and as they are brought. I cannot
accept maudlin lectures from the Democratic par-
ty, nor Puritan lectures from the gentleman from
Massachusetts, which the peoplp of Massachu-
setts would be the first to disavow. I do notdeny
the existence of the things which they denounce
as a crime. When they impute to the Adminis-
tration and the friends of the Administration
revolutionary purposes to break down the Con-
stitution and to prostrate republican institutions,
I simply say that while we have the power we
will enforce the Constitution as we think right;
and when we will meet them before the people
they must not expect that they will state their
half of the case and that ours will not be stated or
will be stated as the gentleman fr6m Massachu-
setts states it. It will be stated by the men who
have borne the heat and burden of the day, who
have taken the responsibility and are willing to
abide it, but will yield to no judgment but that of
the American -people.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. When 1 came
here this morning, Mr. Speaker, nothing was^
further from my intention than to make an argu-
ment upon this case. In fact I was hardly pre-
pared to present properly the proofs which are
already before the House. I have a general rec-
ollection of the points upon which the committee
decided and of the force and effect of the testi-
mony, yet the proofs are not fresh enough in my
memory to enable me to present them in detail.
But the most lemarkable speech which has just
fallen from the lips of the gentleman from Mary-
land has changed my resolution on this subject,
and almost forced me, as a member of the com-
mittee, to some reply.
The gentleman from Maryland seems to have
gone over the history of the cases in which frauds
have been committed upon the elective franchise,
and has referred toRyndersand various other par-
ties who have succeeded in such frauds; and yet,
Mr. Speaker, instead of making use of those cases
for the purpose of impressing upon this House the
necessity of preventing, by strong example, the
repetition ofthose frauds, he has the meritofbeing
the first person who has ever cited such cases to
this House as an excuse or encouragement for the
repetition of like transactions.
Ay, Mr. Speaker, we know that through all
times crimes have been committed. We know
there has been a struggle through all time between
those in favor of upholding the law and those who
are in favor of violating it. Legislatures and ju-
dicial tribunals, and the whole machinery of Gov-
ernment have been constituted for the purpose of
meeting and repressing all crimes, and especially
that very class which that gentleman cites here to
sustain the side he has espoused.
Still, in despite of all the efforts of the true and
good, assassins lurk on your highways, robbers
follow the steps of the unwary, and thieves take
from industry its reward,the strongman succumbs
to combined force and craft, and beautiful woman
falls a prey to the lust of the seducer.
But what should you think of a judge or the
advocate who would cite in justification of such
outrages the fact that somewhere they occur
every day? Is an outrage against the elective
franchise, the pure exercise of which is necessary
to the vitality of a democratic Government, to be
an exception?
The gentleman undeitakes to defend the inter-
ference of the military with the freedom of elec-
