1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1215
Indiana, Powell, Sherman, Simmons, Ten Eyek, Willey,
Wil-ou ofMtsfeOUri, Wright.
" Those who voted m the negative are :
"Me^. Chandler,Olaik, Foot, Grime-, Harlan, Hanis,
Ilowaid, King, Lane of Kansas, Morrill, Pomeroy, Hnui-
ner, TiumbuU, Wade, Wilkinson, Wilmot,Wilson of Mas-
sachusetts."
This proposition of the honorable?.Senator was
In free only the soldiers themselves who were the
slaves of icbels; and as to the slave soldiers not
claimed by rebel masters, after they should have
served in our armies we were to remand them
back to slavery! And yet that Senator in his
speech rebukes the President for "conservatism"
and for his " backwardness" in employing black
soldiers in our Army and giving them their free-
dom.
On the same day an amendment was offered to
the same bill by the then Senator from Illinois,
Mr. Browning, as follows:
'•'On motion by Mr. Browning to amend the bill by
sinking out in section timtecn, linct> three and four, the
wouM ' inn mother, and Iih wile and childion,'
"'It was deteimined in the negative—yeas 17,nays 20.
" On motion of Mr. Lane, of Kansas,
"The yeas and nays being deMied by one fifth of the
Senators present. Tho<e who voted m the affirmative are •
k£ M'isms. Browning, CoJIauicr, Cowan, Davis, Doohule,
Foster, Hart is, Ilcnder&oii, Lane of Indiana, Powell, Rice,
S.mlsbuiy, Sherman, Staik, Ten Eyck, Wilson of Mt&soiui,
Wiight.
" Those who voted in the negative are:
"Messrs. Chamilei, ('Ink, Fes^ernlen, Foot, Gurnet,
Hale, Ilailan, Jlowaid, Ilowe, Kmu, Lane of lvarwa«, Mor-
rill, Pomeioy, Simmons, Sumner, Tiumbuli, Wade, Wil-
kinson, Wilmot, "Wilson of Mas>aclm. ett V
Here the honorable Senator by his vote refused
to give freedom to the mother, wife, and children
of the slave soldier in our Army. His colleague
on this flooi, [Mr. Wade,] however, was then,
and is now steadily advocating every proposition
which looks to the emancipation of the families
of those brave soldiers who are willing to risk
their lives for their country and for freedom.
Again, on the same day, Mr. Browning offered
'the following amendment. 1 read from the Sen-
ate Journal:
" On motion by Mr. Browning to amend the bill by in-
se 1 nig ni  e« tum tint teen the lull owing piuVi^o :
"• PioriJetl, Thar the mother, wife, mid ehildion of Mich
man or boy of African descent shall not be made fiee by
the opeipnou ot this aet, except wheie such mother, wife,
or childten owe service to somu peipon who, during the
pieseut rebellion, ha- borne arm-, ag.un-f the United States,
or adhered to their enemies-, giving them aid and comfoit.
" It wa^ deteimmed in the aiiii illative—)cab 21, nay& 1G.
And the Senator from Ohio was among the
twenty-one who voted for that amendment.
Again, when the bill was reported to the Senate:
" On the question to concur in the i'ollovvingamendment
made in Committee of the Whole, to wit: in section thir-
teen, line two, atter the woid ' descent,' i «ci t, who hy the
luns of a'.uj State shall ov e scriite or labor to any person
u-ho, thnina f he pi acrif, rebellion, has levied war 07 has home
arras a gaunt the United States, or adhered to their enemies
by git ? g than aid and coin fori.
' <• It was d.-t emit tied m the affirmative—yeas 21, nays 14 "
This amendment was, 1 think, olfeied by the
Senator from Ohio, and was advocated and sup-
ported oil the way through by him.
I opposed this amendment at the time because
it confined the light to free our slave soldiers and
their families to "those who were claimed as the
slaves of those who had committed some overt act
. of treason. A man might be a nioiai traitor; he
might earnestly desire the success of the rebel
armies; he might hate the Union, and stay at
home and refuse to give any information to our
generals which might aid them to overcome the
enemy; he might heartily sympathize with the
rebellion; he might even let his sous go to fight
their battles; he might do all those things, and
yet, if he staid quietly upon his farm and did
nothing that would amount to overt acts of trea-
son, by this amendment we were piecluded tiom
taking his slaves to fight our battles; and if we
should take them, we were forbidden the rightto
give tin m then fieedom unless we paid this dis-
loyal master for them. I do not tlunk the Pres-
ident ever canied his conservatism as far as that.
The.se votes wei'o taken upon the question of giv-
ing freedom to the colored (Jnion soldier, and to his
mother, wif'S and children. The record shows
that only eighteen mon'hs since a majority of
this Senate were opposed to giving these soldiers
their freedom unless they weie claimed as the
slaves ot rebel masters, and'not merely disloyal
men but men who had actually committed trea-
son. if we employed in the military service of the
country the slave of a loyal master, he was to be
compelled to fight for the freedom, yea, sir, for
the very existence of the nation, give his pay
during the war to his master, and then when vic-
tory should have crowned his efforts, when the
nation should have been saved through his valor
on the bloody battle-field, he was to be remanded
back to slavery again, to be thenceforth treated
as property, a thing, a chattel personal, to all in-
tents and purposes whatsoever. He might be put
upon the auction-block the day after peacp was
declared, and be sold asliorses and cattle are sold.
This was the compensation which the honorable
Senator from Ohio asked this Christian nation to
make to the brave black men who were to fight
and to suffer to uphold and pteserve the Govern-
ment! That I may make no mistake in stating
the true position of the honorable Senator, I will
read from the recorded debates of the Senate what
he said in the discussion which arose upon the
amendment to which I have referred. In July,
1862, when this measure was before the Senate,
what did the honorable Senator from Ohio say?
It is almost marvelous that an honorable Senator
who now rebukes the President for his 44 conser-
vatism" should have made such remarks as these
on the 10th of July, 15G2: ,
^Mr. Sherman." * * * * "If my
amendment shall be adopted to the second section, the
slaves of loyal per.-ons will not be made free by the opera-
tion of the act. and the mastcis oi those slaves will diaw
the compcn-ation allowed by the Govoi nnient for their ser-
vices, and they would get their slaves back, as*a matter of*
couise. If myamendmentto thesecond section be adopt-
ed, this me.wue will not atfect the loyal master, because
he will tcceive the compensation allowed by law for the
seivice of hirf slave, and the ^lave will be his at the term-
ination of that seiviee."—Congressional Globe, Thhty-
Seicnth Congress, second session, p.
In the same debate he said:
" I do-ire to give to the master the wages allowed by this
law, and to lix the measuie of compensation by the language
ot thelawandnotieaveitopen to dispute.-Ibid., p. 3*232.
But, Mr. Bresident, the honorable Senator, in
his recent severe attack upon the Prcsident,court-
eous in language, it is true, and mild in the expres-
sion, but still none the less severe for that, says:
" So far was tins consei vate-in canied—for X will call it
by the name it-= friends choo>e lor it—that the political
pai tv to which the President belongs* lost every election last
fall." Olno l- now repievented m the othei Ilou.se ot Con-
gress bj, thn teen gentlemen uhu ccitainlv do not rcpic&ent
the opinions ot the majnuty ot her people, and who owe
their seat< enuiely to the discouragement caused by the
mode in which the war win conducted. The whole of
the-; state of leelmg grew out of the backwardne&s ot the
President in meeting"this question of emancipation and the
employment of negioes m tin* war."
Now, sir, I cannot speak for Ohio, but I will
say that it the Republican delegation m Congress
from Minnesota had stood by the side of the Sen-
ator on the question of the employment of negroes,
and they had given utterance on the floors of Con-
gress to such sentiments as are contained in the
extracts which I have icad, it is my deliberate
judgment that we could not have carried ten coun-
'ties in that State. If my colleague in the other
House, Hon. Mr. Wixdom, who has represented
so ably the most tadical district in the State,had
assumed in Congress the positions taken by the
honorable Senator fiom Ohio, and had given
utterance to such doctrines, he could not have
cairied a single county m his district. And yet
the people of Minnesota, ladical as they are, stand
fiimly%y the President. May we not infer that
the thirteen mcmbeis fiom Ohio in the othei
House, to whom the honorable Senator referred,
owed rhoirelcction, in pait at least, to the conserv-
atism of the honorable Senator himself? I very
much doubt whether a single one of the thirteen
Democratic membcis of the other House from
his State could be induced to stand up in lnspjacc
and defend the so-called conservative positions
heretoloie taken by the Senator from their own
State. .
May I not ask, were not the Senator from Ohio
, and those Republican Senators who acted with
j! him, as I have shown, somcwhatiesponsible for
'j the backwardness of ihe PiuMdcnt, of whiclMie
ij now so bitterly complains? Has not the Presi-
jt dent bi en held in check somewhat upon this ques-
|1 tion of the employment of slaves in our armies
|| by the positions assumed by hisparty friends here
h in Congress?
[j Mr. President, let us examine briefly the posi-
!' tion assumed by the Senatoi in the last Congress.
\\ I do not desire to misi opresent Ins position, and
therefore I will quote fiom the record. On the
15th of July, 186*2, he said:
"If my amendment to the yocond section be adopted
this measure will not affect the loyal master, because he
will receive the compensation allowed by law for the ser-
vice of his slaves, and the slave will be his at the termina-
tion of that service."—Congressional GUibCyThirty-Seventh
Congress, sccondsession, p. 3337.
When has thePresidentever uttered a sentiment
like that since he has filled the executive chair of
this nation? When has he ever uttered the atro-
cious doctrine that you can employ men in the
military service of the United States, call upon
them to peril their lives and shed their blood* and
then remand them back to slavery as soo,n as the
war should be over? Again, the Senator said in
the same debate:
"If yoa adopt the clause as it now stands, you will eman-
cipate all the slaves of this country under the pretense of
uMnpr them in prosecuting this war. It is unjwst, unfair,
and I may say further that it is unmanly, to avail yourself
of this condition of affairs brought about by rebels to seize
the property of loyal people and deprive them of that prop-
erty. It will be unjust."--Ibid., p. 3337,
It will be observed that the honorable Senator
from Ohio spoke only of the slave as property.
He did not look upon him or speak of him as a •
man,and he entirelyignored thecharacterof"per-
son" which the Constitution gives him. He did -
not seem to think that a slave was any more a per-
son than a mule, and we would infer that he de-
nied entirely that a slave can owe allegiance to the
United States. How much broader and more
statesmanlike are the views of the honorable.Sen-
atorfromMaryland, [Mr. Johnson,] comingas he
does from a slave State, himself representing a
slaveholdirtg population. In a debate on the 15th
of December, 1863, in reply to the Senator from
Kentucky, [Mr. Davis,] the eminent Senator
from Maryland said: %
" Congress lias clothed him [the President] with the pow-
er, so that the question which tiie honoiable member will
have to meet before he can succeed in making good bis
proposition, is whether Congress has not the power to call
upon the blave population to take pait in the war which is
strikingattbe very existence of the Government. Why not ?
This population, we all know, has a double character.
They arc to be regarded as men as well as property. They'
are called 'persons5 in the Constitution itselt." * *
r * « in the character <7f persons they are clearly
liable to the power. Nobody can doubt that. Though not
citizens they aie men, bound to allegiance to the Uni-
ted States ; and I therefore individually have never had a
doubt that whenever these slaves are called into the service
of the United States, cither into its armies or into its navies,
and render the service, they aie by the fact of the service
free; and once free, thank God, they can never again be
made tlaves."
It is clear to my mind that by the Constitution
a slave is regarded as a person, and as such owes
allegiance to the Government of the United States.
I fully indorse the doctrine of my honorable friend
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cowan,] who lays it
down thus:
ct I say that when the negio is protected he owes allegi-
ance, and that as he owes allegiance lie is a citizen and
liable to military service. Although that allegiance may
not be the allegiance to which the honorable Senator fiom
Virginia alludes, and which he evidently has in Iih eye,
that is, the allegiance of a naturalized citizen, still it is that
allegiance which makes him a citizen—the same allegiance,
if you please, which makes a sojourner among us liable to
treason for the time being. An alien who comes here and
is protected in bis sojourn among us, if he commit treason,
may be punched tor it,and therefore owes a qualified alle-
giance."
Admit, if you please, that by the local law of
some of the States a slave may be regarded as
property. So by the local law of most of the
States an apprentice owes service to his master
for a term of years, and so does the minor child
to his father. No one thinks of paying the father
for the loss of the services of his son who is mus-
tered into the service of the country at eighteen
years of age; nor would you pay the master of
an apprentice for the loss of his services in con-
sequence of his being drafted to serve in our ar-
mies befoic he was twenty-one years of age. The
honorable Senator from Ohio would take the mi-
nor son away from his father who was depend-
ent upon him for support, by conscription,mus-
ter him into the Army, send him to Kentucky to
defend that State, and yet he would not take the
slave of a loyal master living in a State which our
northern troops had gone to protect and defend I
Yes, there was one condition upon which the
honorable Senator said that he would take the
services of the slave of a loyal master, and that
was that when the war was over the black sol-
dier, no matter how well he fought for his
try, should be returned to slavery again! ihe
honorable Senator complains of the " conserva-
tism "andki backwardness" of the President; but
when ever did Mr. Lincoln hold such sentiments
