3168
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
June 22.
formed, but I learn from gentlemen in whom I'
think I have every reason to rely, that even with
the resolution as it came from the House of Rep-
resentatives there will be a loss, and if that is so,
the amendment proposed by the honorable mem-
ber from Ohio and included m the amendment
suggested by the honorable member from Rhode
island will make that loss the greater.
The facta, as I understand them, are, that in
consequence of alterations in the vessels, not in-
cluded in the original contract, the expense of
their construction Liqs been very greatly enhanced,
and that that expense has been still more enhanced
by the expense of all the material that they have
been obliged to purchase in consequcnce of the
depreciation of the currency. The resolutionas
it came from the House of Representatives as-
sumes that we are to pay for these vessels only
what they are worth to u's, no more. We do not
propose to give anything to Mr. Ericsson or the
sureties of Mr. Ericsson beyond the value of the
vessels to us, and I submit that if the vessels are
worth so much to us, and if by giving that
amount to Ericsson we still leave him the loser,
that it is exacting a very hard bargain upon him
to reduce it by the amendment proposed by the
honorable member from Ohio so as to make that
loss the greater.
Mr. President, I had some experience in feel-
ing the great boon that Ericsson conferred upon
the nation by the discovery of what are called his
monitors. The Legislature of Maryland was in
sessionwhen the Mernmac made her appearance
at Fortress Monroe, and when she destroyed two
of the finest ships of the Navy, and if she had not
been worsted she would evidently have been able
to destroy all the rest. There was a great deal
of uneasiness at the head of the Chesapeake as to
the result. "When the morning papeis conveyed
to us the tidings that that Utile vessel called the
Monitor, under the command of Worden, had
met the Merrimac, whose size was double her
own and more, and we found that she had been
able to drive her buckand to save the fleet, there
was not a member of that Legislature, if it had
been asked as a condition upon which the safety
then felt luul been procured, would nothavc voted
millions to the inventor of the Monitor.
But these two vessels are not monitors such as
is the one of which I have spoken. They are
magnificent ships, and he who is destined to com-
mand the one, selected by the Department for his
gallantry and skill, has told me, not in a spirit of
boasting, weeks and weeks ago, when he antici-
pated to be a/loat upon her, that upon this Dic-
tatoi which we are to get under this resolution
he would not be afraid to meet the naval arma-
ments of England and France combined, and I
have confidence in his judgment. He may have
overrated her ability, but he could not have over-
rated it to such an extent as not to authorize
us in relying upon his judgment that she is more
than an equal to any two of the ships that belong
to either of the Governments to which I have ad-
verted.
I want them afloat. This resolution puts them
afloat; and why aiewe doubting about it? Uuon
what ground are we doubting about it? Not upon
the ground that the vessefs sue not worth to us ev-
ery dollar at which anybody could appraise them
now, but because if we give to that inventor who
has placed us in a situation to defy the navies of
the world what they are worth to us, it is possi-
ble that he may gain rather more than he has
expended.
Mr. HALE. I want to set the Senator right
on that point. He seems to labor under the im-
pression that wc are to appraise for both vessels.
We only propose to pay for one.
Mr. JOHNSON, f understand that. The I
honorable member reminds me, and I have not j
forgotten it, that we are to get the Dictator with- j
out any appraisement, and the only one that is I
to be apptaised is the Puritan. Appraised how? i
By what standard? Appraised by the standard i
which the appraisers may suppose to be her ;
present value; and should we halt in seeking to :
t'ntoice a haid bargain, as the result has proved !
it to be, as between the United States and this m- i
ventor, when wc must all admit that with those two ]
vessels New York will be safe, and every other |
port of the United States will be safe as against any 1
incursion ofany naval foe coming either from Eng- j
land or from France? I hope not, sir. j
Mr. GRIMES. I have not looked into the
matters of fact connected with this resolution, but
if I understand it the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Rhode Island has altogether a dif-
ferent effect from that contemplated by the Sena-
tor from Rhode Island. I think it was stated
here that Captain Ericsson, if this resolution
passed as it came to us from the House of Rep-
resentatives, would at any rate be the loser to
the amount of $160,000.
Mr. HALE. One hundred thousand dollars.
Mr. GRIMES. If the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island be adopted?
Mr. HALE. I speak of the particular amend-
ment now before us.
Mr, GRIMES. It is the same one. I believe
that the Senator from Ohio adopted it. It would
refund to Captain Ericsson every dollar he has
advanced, making him entirely harmless, and
then he has another amendment which he pro-
poses to put on to pay a gratuity to Captain Erics-
son. I will read the resolution, as I understand
the Senator from Rhode Island proposes to amend
it:
That the Secretary of the Navy be, and he is hereby,
authoi teed to amend the existing contract for the construc-
tion of these vessels, and to appoint a competent board to
ascertain the actual cost, as lar as completed, and of the
matmal on hand deemed actually necessary to their eon-
stiuction, and to pay Captain John Eucssson, the con-
ductor, the amount of valuation so ascertained, deducting
therefrom any sums already advanced toward the comple-
tion of .said vessels; and that upon said payment heingmade
by rhe Seerctaiy of the Navy the right* of the contractor
tu said vessels and imiteiial or any poition thereof shall
fcnhO and he vested wholly and absolutely in the United
States, which shall thenceforth proceed to complete said
vessels under such arrangements as may be deemed most
advantageous, &c.
That applies to both the Puritan and the Dicta-
tor. Then it directs the board to examine the ac-
counts of Captain Ericsson and his sureties, see
exactly the amount that has been expended for
material and for labor and the amount of material
that may be on hand, and pay it to him and his
sureties. There is no particular loss,as I under-
stand it. If there is, 1 should like to have some
gentleman tell me where. Then it proposes after
this has been done, after we have paid to Captain
Ericsaon everything that he or his sureties have
advanced, and paid him for all his labors, that we
shall go on and complete the vessels, and the
Senator proposes to give him a gratuity besides.
It seems to me—I may be rather obtuse and not
see it—but if it be true, as no doubt it is, that
Captain Ericsson would be the loser to the amount
of $100,000 by the original proposition of the
House of Representatives, he will be certainly
saved that $100,000 by the amendment of the
Senator from Ohio.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then wc should pay more.
Mr. GRIMES. Hut we do pay more. Wc
want to do justice to Captain Ericsson, I take it;
we want to do exactly what is right, and if it costs
more let us payit. it i3 saving Captain Ericsson
harmless, and we are getting our vessels at what
they actually cost. That is all there is in the
amendment.
Mr. FOSTER. It seems to me, Mr. Presi-
dent, that there are two substantial objections to
the amendment, either of which by itself would
induce me to vote against it. The first one is
that it would produce delay; these vessels would
not be completed nearly as speedily as if we passed
the resolution reported by the committee; and
that is to me a fatal objection to the amendment,
for I consider promptness as it regards the com-
pletion of these vessels as more important than
money. In the next place, i believe the Govern-
ent would lose money by adopting the amend-
ment. As it stands at present the board to be
appointed by the Secrctaty to estimate the value
of the Puritan will not, as I believe, place on her
any fanciful but her real value; and that, it seems
to me, the Govei nment ought to b« willing to pay.
No doubt her present value will be somewhat
more than she has cost her builders, and if that
were the only ship, if it stood there alone, there
might by possibility be an objection; but when
we take into account that here*is the Dictator by
the side of the Puritan, which has cost herbuild-
eis vastly more than the contract piice, they hav-
ing lost upon the construction of that vessel al-
ready something near half a million dollars, and
that loss is to be botne by the present builders,
they to go on and complete the Dictator accord-
ing to the contract without additional allow-
ances, it seems to me but fair that we should allow
something to the contractors on the price of the
Puritan. Estimating herat her present value will
not by any means be hard upon the Government,
while it will certainly not be extra liberal to the
builders when we take into account the two ves-
sels.
The principle of the amendment proposed is
that we take both the vessels at the present time
at their cost, ask these builders to show their ac-
counts for material and labor, and pay them so
that they are made whole, and we then take the
material which they have on hand necessary for
the completion of the two vessels and pay to the
builders a fair price for that. We cannot do that
as I believe without a greater expenditure of
money than the amount which we shall have to
pay by passing this resolution. Besides, the more
fatal objection is the delay which we shall un-
doubtedly encounter if we adopt this amendment,
making it necessary for the resolution to go back
to the House of Representatives and endangering
the passage of any resolution as between the
Houses between this and the time of the adjourn-
ment, and unless something is done these vessels
will stop where they are. These builders have
gone to the utmost of their ability. They have
exhausted their means and exhausted their credit,
and there is required a million dollars or there-
abouts to complete the vessels, which they cannot
raise. The result therefore will be that these
vessels will be unfinished, and in that condition
they are as useless to the Government as though
not a blow had been struck upon them.
Under these circumstances we are, as it seems
to me, to decide between a speedy completion of
these vessels, with a possible payment, it is true,
of a little more money than we might get them
completed for, and a delay of their completion an
indefinite time. Get them completed speedily is
the best policy—the truest economy. The Sen-
ator from Maryland [Mr. Johnson] has very
justly observed upon the obligation of the country
to Captain Ericsson. Suppose we go beyond the
strict construction of this contract and pay far
moie liberally than we should be compelled to do,
we do nothing more than what we ougntto do for a
man who has done so much in a time of pteril and
panic to save large portions of our naval and com-
mercial marine from destruction, and to protect
from bombardment and ruin the most flourishing
cities along our coast. I shall vote very cheer-
fully for the original resolution and against the
amendment.
Mr. HALE. I ask the unanimous consent of
the Senate to submit a motion that the Senate at
half past four o'clock take a recess until seven
o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The time hav-
ing arrived at which the Senate has ordered a re-
cess 
Mr. HENDRICKS. I hope we shall suspend
action on that for a couple of minutes. I desire
to move that the business brought before the
body by the Committee on Naval Affairs be the
special order for the night session to-night.
Mr. SUMNER. That motion is not in order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If such a
motion were agreed to it could be repealed the
very moment the Senate came together again, and
it would be competent for them to take up any
other business.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Nobody would think of
repealing it after we had all agreed to it.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, the time fixed
for the recess has arrived.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senate
will now take a recess until seven o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at seven o'clock p. m.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
Phe PRESIDENTpro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of War, commu-
nicating, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate of May 29, a copy of the preliminary re-
port and of the final report of the American Freed -
men's Inquiring Commission; which was referred
to the select committee on slavery and freedmen.
PETITION.
Mr. POMEROY presented additional papers
