170
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12,
- Among,the items excluded from-recognition m !
the Third Auditor'* bureau were a number in-|
vol vinga considerable amount of money expended I
for the purpose of State defense. That indebted-
ness arose in this way: at the breaking oat of the
rebellion much fear was entertained of depreda-
tions by the privateers ot' the. enemy then just
put afloat. The authorities of the State raised a
company of artillerymen to protect the national
navy-yard at Kittery, and also the city of Ports-
mouth. Thiscofopany was afterwards mustered
into the service of the United States, but the claims
for enlisting and organizing them, and for paying
them up to the time of their being mustered into
the United Stales service, were rejected by the
Auditor of the Treasury Department, and they
are there suspended. Thus our State has not re-
ceived a dollar for the troops—not militia, but vol-
unteers—raised for the general defense, and to
protect the national navy-yard, although those
v claims were filed eighteen months ago. Bui here
we find it is proposed to pay the State of Penn-
sylvania #700,000 for expenses interred only six
months ago. I have no doubt that that amount
of money was expended by Pennsylvania; but as
I desire that all the States shall stand upon the
same basis, and shall share and share alike, i hope
this piecemeal legislation will be rejected, and that
we shall adopt some general and equitable system
for ail.
Mr. COX. I believe the pending amendment
is that of the gentleman from New York.
The CHAIRMAN. The pending amendment
is the amendment of the gentleman from New Jer-
sey to the amendment of the gentleman from New
York.
Mr. COX. I appeal, then, to the gentleman
from New Jersey and the gentleman from New
York to withdraw their amendments and allow
me to offer an amendment which shall covcr the
case of all the States.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. In offering the
amendment 1 did in reference to New York I did
no.t desire to put in any exclusive claim for New
York as against her sister States; and if the
amendment which is proposed to be oftVicd by
the gentleman from Ohio ahull be adopted by the
committee, or be considered by the committee,-I
will cheerfully withdraw my amendment.
Mr. COX. I do not suppose that tin4, gentle-
man fiom Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] who re-
ported this bill to the House had any idea of
making it exclusive, or of cutting off any other
. State. He was entitled to the ben^fitof his; vigi-
lance.' TheStateofPe.nnsylvaniais happy m hav-
ing a leader in this House who could report this
bill. But other States, which are occasionally
o.verrUn by raids like that of John Mohan's, and
Whose militia happen to be called out for ielf-
defense, have equal claims to consideration, and {
trust no man here wants to give the claims of one
State preference over those of another. They arc
all equally entitled to be paid for the services of
their militia, and therefore I offer this amendment:
And thatvvhow'verthooxpenhes in calling out, the nuhtia
of other States, either to repei mva-ion oi to suppress tfi«
rebellion, shall have been audited by the proper Department,
the mitns ascertained to bo due be, and the  amc are hoieby,
approptiated out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropuateil.
Mr. THAYER, Mr. Chairman, 1 see no ob-
jection to the amendment which has been offered
by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Cox,] but how
any man who reads the law of 18G1 can doubt
that the intention of Congress was to reimbuise
such expenses as are here claimed by this biil I
cannot conceive. Could anything be plainer than
the language of the act of 1861? The expenses
which are to be reimbursed are expenses incurred
in calling out troops to aid in the suppression of
the insurrection. Does anyaaan on this floor
doubt that the troops of Pennsylvania who were
called out at the time the expenses provided for
in this biil were incurred were called out for the
suppression of the insurrection or that they did
take a most important part in the suppression of
the insurrection ? Can any man doubt that such
was the fact?
1 take issue, therefore, with the gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Wilson] in his construction of the act
of 1861. I say, sir, that the language of that act
is too narrow for him to attempt to build such a
criticism upon. I say that when the language
of the act declares that expenses sfciall be paid
which may be incurred in calling out troops to
suppress the insurrection you cannot construe
that to mean &>direction that only those expenses
shall be paid which aie incurred in the laising of
tioops which aie put under the authonty of the
national Government. 1 say that if the body
which passed the law of 1861 had intended any
such restrictive construction to be put upon that
act they would have used appropriate language
to define their meaning; they would not have
used the general and broad expression which we
find in that act. This being, according to my
humble comprehension, perfectly clear, and no
man upon this floor having the hardihood to say
that these troops were not employed in the sup-
pression of the insurrection, what is $he reason
why the law as it stands should not be enforced ?
Mr. WILSON. Will the gentleman allow me
a word?
Mr.THAYER, f wilj yield to the gentleman.
Mr. COX. With the permission of the gentle-
man, I desire to add to mv amendment the words
"not exceeding: $10,000,000."
The CIIAIllMAN. That modification will
be made.
* Mr. WILSON. I think that the construction
I give to the act of 1861 is borne out by the sub-
sequent action of Congress. By an act approved
March 25, 1862, I find it provided—
ih That the Secretaiy of War be, and he is hereby, au-
thorized and required to allow and p--' to the officers, non-
commissioned officcis musicians, and privates who have
been heretofore actually employed in the military service
of the United States, whether muMered into actual service
or not, wheto their-services weie accepted and actually em-
ployed by the geneiaU who have been in command of the
depaitment of the We5-t,orthe department of the Missouri,
the pay and bounty as in cates of regular enlistment."
Now, sir, many of the men employed in the
department of the West, and whose claims were
embraced in the section I have just read, were
raised by the State authorities of Missouri and
Iowa. If those troops raised in that way, not for
the purpose of going into the Army of the United
States under the proclamation of the President,
were embraced within the act of 18G1, why Was
it necessary to provide by this act of 1862 for the
chums of the men thus raised in Iowa and Mis-
"°M r. STEVENS. Will my colleague allow me
to say a won! just hero?
Mr. THAYER. Certainly; I yield to my
colleague.
Mr. STEVENS. The law which the gentle^
man from fowa has just i cad was passed to allow
bounty to those men raised in Missoui i and Iowa.
I believe that is expressed in the law. It says
nothing about expenses, fs not that the language ?
Mr.TtiAYER. That is the language of the act.
Mr. WILSON. The language of the law is,
pay and bounty."
Mr, STEVENS. Well, wuhoutthat law those
men could not have been allowed bounty. But
there is no bounty embraced in this bill.
Mr. WILSON. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania will allow me to correct him. The language
of the act is much broader than isstated by him.
It authorizes and requires the Secretary of War
to allow and pay to the officers, non-commissioned
ofiicers, musicians, privates, &c., " jtay and
bounty as in cases of regular enlistment." It
not only includes bounty, but the pay ofthe men.
Mr. STEVENS. So I see, mr. '
Mi. WILSON. Now, if the gentleman will
pardon me, pent of the claims, I suppose, which
the State of Pennsylvania had against the Gov-
ernment were for the pay of the troops, because
the act of 1861, upon which they base this appro-
priation, directs the Secretary of the Treasury
" to pay to the Governor of any State, or to his
duly authorized agents, the cost, charges, and
expenses properly incurred by such State for en-
rolling, subsisting, clothing, supplying, arming,
equipping, paying, and tiansporting its troops,"
&c. So that there is the same provision in the act
of 1861 in regard to the payment of troops that
we rind in the act of 1862, with the difference that
by the act of 1861 the amount is to be paid to the
State—the State paying its own troops till they
were mustered into the service of the United States
—while by the act of 1862 payment is to be made
directly to the men. And yet the Missouri ap-
propriation was made on the report of the com-
missioners appointed for the purpose of carrying
out that act.
Mr. STEVENS. The chairman of the Judi-
ciary Committee cannot fail to see that the act of
1861 did not embrace bounties, but simply the ex-
penses of transportation, enrolling, &c.
Mr. WILSON. Did it not embrace.pay ?
Mr. STEVENS. It did embrace pay; but the
bounties which were afterwards allowed to the
troops of Iowa and Missouri could not, under that
act be allowed, and hence it became necessary,
to give them more than that act authorized, to
pass another act allowing them bounties. The
act of 1862 recites that doubts have arisen as to
the true intentand meaning of the actof 1861, and
then resolves that it shall be construed to apply
to expenses incurred as well after as befoie the
date of the approval of the act.
Mr. HOLMAN. The amendatory joint reso-
lution to which the gentleman refers was passed
at the instance of one of the western States, un-
der the impression that the act of July 27, 1861,
only applied to expenses incurred prior to its en-
actment. Now,as it is known that many States
have had their claims adjudicated under that act,
I desne to ask the gentleman from Pennsylvania
whether any such appropriation as this, any spe-
cial appropriation,has ever been made under itfor
the benefit of any State? Or does not the act of
1861 make the appropriation itself, and was not
the joint resolution continuing it in force intended
for "the expiess purpose of avoiding the necessity
of special appropriations for individual States as
they might from time to time incur expenses? 1
undertake to say this, by way of application, that
the State of Indiana, which has, within the limits
and under the purview of the act of 1861, been
entitled to large claims against the Government,
has had those claims adjudicated without having
any special appropriation made by Congress for
that purpose. That was never deemed neces-
saiy. The very language of the act of 1861 made
the appropriation. It directed the Secretary of
the Treasury, out oftmy money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, to pay to the -Gov-
ernors of the several States those claims. Then
came the act of 1862 continuing in force the act of
1861. If this view be correct, there is no neces-
sity for the passage of a bill making special np-
piopriations for any State; and the motion of the
gen'loman from Ohio is also unnecessary, because,
\v heie claims ate adjusted, the claimants are enti-
tled to payment.
Mr. THAYEft. Mr. Chairman, the act cited
by the gentleman from Iowa lends'no additional
force to Ins argument. My colleague [Mr. Ste-
vkns] is entirely correct in stating that the act of
March 25, 1862, was passed for a totally diffeient
purpose, as is shown by the title of the act as
well as by its text. It is entitled 44 An act to se-
cure to the.officers and men actually employed in
the Western department, or department of Mis-
souii, their pay, bounty, ami pension." There
was no provision for any of these subjects in the
act of 1861. There was no provision m it to pay
the men as men. Its object was entirely different.
It was not to pay the men directly, but it was to
indemnify the States for their expenses in raising
forces—an object entirely different from that of
the act on which the gentleman from Iowa relies.
The title of the act of 1861 is "An act to indem-
nify the States for expenses incurred by them in
defense of the United States." The objectof the
act of 25th March, 1802, was to authorize the
United States to pay the men whether or not they
had been mustered into the service ofthe United
States, if they had been de facto m it. The two
acts were forentirelydiffcrentpurposes; and they
are so plain, both of them, that I do not see how
the most ingenious intellect could for a moment
raise any doubt or quibble in regard to their ap-
plication. The actof J 861 is a general* provision
•for the purpose of indemnifying the States that
should have taken upon themselves to laise men
for the defense of the United States; and itdirects
that whcju the expenses incurred by those States
shall have passed through the ordeal of review
which they have to pass through with the ac-
counting officers, they shall then be paid.
_ We arc now asked, in obcdicnce to this law,
simply to make an appropriation for the payment
| of the debt incurred by the State of Pennsylvania.
Mr. Chairman, I see no force m the objection
raised by the gentleman'from New York, [Mr.
Fernando Wood.] It seems to be an unfair and
ungenerous objection. Why, sir, should the State
of Pennsylvania, who complied with the law in
