172
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12,
which bad been audited by the Auditor of the
Treasury. Is there any undue haste in -that, sir?
What has Pennsylvania done that she is to be as-
sailed here, right and left and everywhere, as if
the great object was to get up jealousies among
the States and the members representing different
States,' that hereafter, when their cases shall come
up, an acrimonious discussion may arise upon
them? Sir, I had hoped that nothing of that kind
would-take place here. The law is as plain as
human language can make it. Pennsylvania had
called out, at the request of the President, a cer-
tain number of troops—about forty thousand.
They were mustered into the service of the Uni-
ted States, put under the command of United '
Statep generals, and acted within their armies. It
seems to me that, both by the original law and
by the construction given to it in 1862, the matter
is as plain as anything can be made. And yet
the only objection made to the payment of these
claims is that there may be a quibble raised on
.that law. Not a member here has ventured to say
that every dollar of the amount appropriated in
this bill is not due, that this money has not been
all honestly spent in the defense of the country.
]\To suspicion is cast upon the mode in which the
accounts have been audited and brought forward.
If there was no law at al! authorizing their pay-
ment, and if the accounts had been passed upon
by competent authority and sent here, should
they not be paid ? What kind of reason is there
why an appropriation should not be made?
I understood the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Fernando Wood] to say that the city of
New York has expended large amounts. So far
as these expenditures have been properly for the
defense of the country I shall be willing to vote
their reimbursement to New York, which I know
to be somewhat patriotic, as I will be willing to
vote for the reimbursement of other States. Let
them produce their claims and show that they
arc right, I do not care by what means and when,
and I shall vote for them.
Another gentleman from New York has insin-
uated that if this bill bo passed it may not be so
easy t.o have other claims passed. I ask you, sir,
are these insinuations worthy of the State? Are
we to hold pledged as hostages the bills of one
State—admitted to be right—because there arc,
perhaps, unworthy members here who when the
honest claims of another Suite nie presented may
not vote for them ? Sir, I will not do myself nor
the House the injustice to suppose for a single
moment that there is a man here mean enough
and base enough *o act upon such a motive; and
I hope there are but few base enough to make the
insinuation, if this House think that Pennsyl-
vania is not entitled to be reimbursed what she
has already paid, let us spend no more time over
the subject. I move that the committee rise,foi
the purpose of movingpo close debate.
Mr. POX. If it be in order, I move to amend
that motion by adding that the bill be reported
back to the House with a recommendation that it
be referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
The CHAIRMAN. That amendment is not
in order.
Mr. SPALDING. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to withdraw his motion.
Mr. STEVENS, I withdraw it for the present.
Mr. SPALDING. Mr. Chairman, I desiie to
say but a few words. I do not intend, for a mo-
ment, to impugn the patriotism of the great State
of Pennsylvania. I do not intend to say that
Pennsylvania has-not presented a justclaim to be
reimbursed for her lars^o expenditure of $700,000.
But I do wish to say that our Treasury is now on
the point of bankruptcy; that it is with the utmost
difficulty that the constituted authorities of the
nation can find money to pay bounties to volun-
teers so as to fill the ranks of our armies; and I
therefore conceive that this claim of Pennsylvania
belongs to a class of cases which should, fur a
time, remain in abeyance. H should be deferred
until the ability of the nation be commensurate
with its desire to do justice to all its members. If
wp now make an appropriation of §700,000 from
our scant Treasury to pay this claim to Pennsyl-
vania, my own noble State may next come foi-
ward and chum $800,000 due to her on the same
principle precisely, and then may come forward
Iowa and NewYoik and New Jersey, and all the
other States, if you please, exhausting the Treas-
ury, and pi eventing the rccupcratson of eur na-
tional resources to put down this rebellion. 1 say
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania that the con-
siderations of patriotism call upon us to forego
these claims, just though they may be, until the
nation, has greater ability to pay them than it now
has.
Mr. L. MYERS obtained the floor.
■ Mr. SPALDING. I agreed to renew the motion-
that the committee rise.
The CHAIRMAN. Thegentleman is too late.
Mr. L. MYERS. Mr. Chairman, I cannot
permit to pass by in silence the slur cast upon the
troops from my State by the gentleman from Il-
linois, [Mr. Lovejoy.] I could not sit still and
listen to the assertion that they had refused to
cross the State line to fight the enemies of the
Union when I knew the facts were directly the
reverse. My colleague, Judge Kelley, who dur-
*ing the first invasion was m the ranks as a pri-
vate, has already denied the assertion of the gen-
tleman from Illinois; awd he and mycpllcague on
the other side of the House, [Mr. Randall,] who
commanded the Philadelphia City Troop against
the July invasion alluded to in the bill before the
House, know that the Pennsylvania militia in
those greatemergcncies not only crosscd the State
line, but marched to the Potomac,and were ready
to march anywhere for the defense not of Penn-
sylvania only, but what was then an imperiled
country.
. Mr. Chairman, this is truly a case, as the gen-
tleman from Illinois has expressed it, " sui gene-
ris." Last summer, when free soil shook with
the tread of armed rebels who were striking at
the very life of the Republic, General Reynolds,
a Pennsylvania!), and one of the first martyrs of
the subsequent bloody battle, commanded the
troopsin theadvanceof the army of the Potomac,
not the militia, as that gentleman en-oneously
informs us. Upon his fall, another gallant Penn-
sylvanian, Geneial Hancock, took his place.
Then, too, General Crawford, another Pennsyl-
vanian, led the famous Pennsylvania Reserves,
shouting to them, as amid shot and sheli they
rushed up a steep hill and took an important bat-
tery," Don Met the Buck tails "(still another Penn-
sylvania brigade) " beat yon"—the apny being
commanded by that Pennsylvania hero,'Meade.
Nevgr before was there nobler emulation among
troops; and while the brave soldieis of the Key-
stone, side by side with their noble associates frojn
other States, stood there at Gettysburg a bulwark
against treason and its armed cohorts, near by,
fresh fiom the defense of Ilarrisburg and Carlisle,
where the enemy's cavalry were baffled and ren-
dered useless, fifty thousand Pennsylvania mili-
tia, ten thousand of them from my own city, aided
by some regiments who generously lesponded
from New York and New Jersey, stc^d ready with
their lives to defend that Union without which
Pennsylvania would be a keystone without an
arch. Let no man disparage them. It was in-
deed a ease " sui generis," and I thank the gen-
tleman for the expression.
Nor do 1 believe that when our State presents
her claim for expenses incurred against that in-
vasion—especially as the General Government
took sole control and command of those troops—
the House will ignore or postpone it-.
Yet what do we see here now ? When this bill
is reported to the House, a technical, and as I think
unnecessary question is raised as to the mode in
which a State should be paid the paltry amount—
paltry compared with the service rendered—pro-
posed by this bill to be paid. I say that when
this sum is asked to be refunded, we find upon
the one side technicality, and on the other direct
opposition. I am surprised at this, i hope that
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Fernando
Wood] and the gentleman fiom New Jersey
[Mr. SrEKf.c] will withdraw their amendments,
it has come to a strange pass in legislation when
one State has to be dependent upon the action of
the others; when it is dcelmed that one State shall
not have a bill passed in its favor, after complying
with ail of the provisions of the law, until other
Statosare ready wlm happen to desire the passage
of similaracts. If New J< rsey or New Yoi k had
presented their claims, had them duly audmd,
and were ready with a bill to pay their expenses
incuned in calling out the Hoops which nobly
came to the aid of Pennsy I voni.i on that occasion,
no one would more gladly support t ho^e mun«ui fs
than myself. My State will neverfoigel the troops
that came to her aid in that dark hour when not
Pennsylvania alone, but the whole country was
awaiting the event of the impending battle. She
will not forget them, and 1 ask their Representa-
tives not to forget her. When bills come up for
them we shall not delay or oppose, but. will sup-
port them r\iost heartily.
It is technically objected whether the actof 1861
can be construed to enable the Secretary of the
Treasury, without further legislation, to pay for
these expenses. It is enough forme to know that
the Department does not think that it has suf-
ficient authority. It is enough for me to know,
whether it has sufficient authority or not, that
there has been no special appropriation for the
purpose, and that the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means [Mr. Steyens] desires one.
It is enough for me lhat the bill is founded upon
accounts and vouchers submitted by the State,
and audited by the proper officers of the Treas-
ury. To pass it will do no harm, for it is ad-
mitted that the expenses were incurred and ought
to be paid. I appeal to gentlemen on all sides of
the House to recognize the fact that the bill be-
fore us is to reimburse the State for outlays to
her people—the feeble recompense of their great
services to the Government io that trying hour,
and the moral as well as personal aid her soldiers
lent to the veterans of the Potomac at Gettysburg
—a battle which not only made her soil classic,
but insured the perpetuity of the Republic.
Mr. KASSON. I wish to make a single re-
mark just here. It will be recollected that the
only bill we have passed this session making ap-
propriations for this species of service is the one
which applied to the State of Missouri. That
was a case in which the expenses had not been
paid by the State, and had not been assumed by
the State, but in which the payments were to go
directly to the men who did the military service
in the field. This bill now pending relates to an-
other class of cases. It is for the purpose of dis-
bursing to a State expenses which it had incurred
and paid. The point, therefore, is, whether this
House is ready now to adopt the pnnciple of pay-
ing,at this lime, the debts which loyal States have
loyally incurred in aid of the great work of put-
ting down this rebellion. It is not whether Penn-
sylvania is entitled to be paid at some time—as
thegentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.L. Myers]
who has so clearly stated her position can see—
but whether it is now consistent with the other
gieater interests of the country that we should
inaugurate the system of paying to Pennsylvania
and other States the millions of indebtedness
which they have incurred and paid.
1 submit that none of us in this House doubt
that Pennsylvania is loyal, that her soldiers are
gallant and brave, and entitled to be paid. The
question is rather one in which the financial policy
of the country is involved.
Mr. STEVENS. Do I understand from this
discussion that gentlemen contend that none of
these expenses are to be paid until the war is
over? If all the States are to bo, placed in that
category, it is quite another thing. I supposed
that all of them were to be paid; butif a different
course is to be adopted, let it be done.
Mr. L. MYERS. I am glad to have been in-
terrupted by my friend-the gentleman from Iowa,
[Mi. Kassok,] because it has called to my mind
a passage in the speech of the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Spalding] who preceded me, and
what I have to say will be an answer to both those
gentlemen.
1 do not recognize the fact that the loyal por-
tion of this country is in a state of bankruptcy,
or pending bankruptcy, but rather in a &tate of
the greatest national prosperity that ever a nation
presented. Its people are piosperous, and this
wicked rebellion alone mars their happiness. The
debt of the country to its soldiers js paid, and paid
promptly, and very soon I hope we shall give
them a better compensation than we are now pay-
ing. We can afford to be generous, but we can
at least afford to be just, and whether bankruptcy
is pending or not, whether ruin is pending or not,
1 am m favor of paying every just claim when it
is presented. I cannot recognize as pioper oi fit
theremaik which fell fiom the lips of another
gentleman upon this floor—I do not remember
lrom what State he hails—that we are to wait
until this war is over before we poy the olai.msof
the people who are periling their healths and lives
