2194.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9,
aids, [laughter,] and I have the satisfaction of
being his equal on this floor. I beat the Cabinet
minister in Montgomery county triumphantly,
[luughau,] and lam here to aid in sending orders
to him; and I beat my two opponents with all
their ingenious management; and 1 am in the
enjoyment of health and spirits notwithstanding
your censure. [Renewed laughter.]
Now, sir, 1 come more particularly to the elec-
tion under consideration. What I have said has
some bearing upon it because of late there seems
to be a great sameness in all elections. I have
not read the report of the committee, nor have I
looked over the evidence accompanying it. My
remarks will be based upon what has been as-
serted and conceded here. It is not denied that
there was military interference to a great extent
m this election. Not only was it actual, but
threatened and dreaded to so great a degree as
to keep a great number, an indefinite number, of
the voters from the polls. I contend, under such
circumstances, that unless the claimant of the
seat can show by proof that he has a clear ma-
jority of all the voting population of the district
he claims to represent, it is the duty of this
House to decide against his claim and to send
back both him and his contestant, and to continue
to do so until the free and unterrified action of
the people of the district had unequivocally de-
clared who should be their servant and Repre-
sentative. The principle I have announced shall
regulate my vote, and if the claimant shall be able
to make his facts conform to that principle, then
J will support his right to his seat upon this floor.
Thoie can bo no other intelligible mode of com-
ing to a just and honorable conclusion. I shall
presume, sir, that the claimant will thus under-
take to establish his claim, because I will not
piesume that he would accept a seat procured by
violence and not as a free gift of his people. The
honor would be plucked from the place,and self-
respect would cease to be his possession. Dis-
tant I hope is the day when many of our prom-
inent and leading men shall be so selfish, so
unpatriotic, so destitute of honorable sentiment,
as to seek posts of trust and honor by the aid of
the bludgeon and the club, or by an appeal from
the " ballot to the bullet."
Hut, sir, notwithstanding his eloquent exhor-
tation here in favor of free ballot, 1 was surprised
to find the chairman of the Committee of Elec-
tions [Mr. Dawes] claim for the Executive of
this country the tremendous power and right of
interfering by military force or other contrivances
with the elections in the States. I know there
ore some pionnnent gentlemen who will concede
or contend for any power for the Executive, no
matter how dangerous to the liberties and rights
of the people, provided it will aid in advancing
their ambitious piospccts or in gratifying their
mercenary hearts. 1 feel confident that- the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] takes
counsel from no such motives, but 1 must meet
his assertion of such a powerasl have mentioned
for the Executive with a most emphatic denial.
He consideis it the duty and right of the Piesi-
dent to enter the States on election days with mil-
itary power exhibited at the polls to see that a
puie, fair, and honest result is obtained, and also
to keep traitors from the ballot-box. Now, sir,
though both ofthesethingsareextrcmeJy definable
in win and peace, yet, in my opinion, the Executive
of the United States is the last agency that should
be adopted to accomplish them. The icmedy is
worse than the disease, or rather would generate
a new disease more dangerous than the one which
it is attempted to cure, air, 1 deny his right to
enter the States for any such purpose of interfer-
ence, and whenever he does he is not onlya trai-
tor to the constitution of the State but a violator
of the great piinciple which lays at the founda-
tion of our common Government. Can any one
suppose that our forefathers, as jealous as they
were of executive power, would' ever think of
conferring upon the President a power so easily
abused, and when abused so difficult of amend-
ment and control? Never, sir, never! They de-
signed to leave the entire management of elec-
tions with the Suite authorities; and with them,
if the people of this country are wise, they will
insist upon its being left.
But, sir, the Piesident must see that traitors do
not contaminate the polls with their presence.
Why is it that traitors are allowed to go at large
until the day of election? This is an astonish-
ing fact, or the " Order No. 53" from the head-
quarters of the Middle department, dated October
27, 1863, contains a falsehood. I read it:
" It ib known that tlierc are many evil disposed persons
now at large in the State-of Maryland who have been en-
paged in rebellion against the lawful Government, or liave
given aid and comfoit or encouragement to others so en-
caged, or who do not recognize their allegiance to the
United States, and who may avail themselves of the in-
dulgence of the authority which tolerates their presence,
to embarrass the approaching election, or through it to
foist enemies ot the United States into power. It is there-
fore oidcred:
'' I. That all provost marshal*? and other military officers
do arrest all such persons found at or hanging about or
appioaehrngaiiy poll or place of election on the 4th of No-
vember, 1863,awl lepoitsuch arrest to tlie.se headquaiters."
Why is it, I ask again, that known traitors are
at large, and that, too, by the indulgence of the
authority which tolerates their presence, and that
all that indulgence is to be suddenly withdrawn
on election day? Can traitors do no mischief to
the country except in the matter of elections, and
on thatparticular day ? And why is it there are so
many " traitois"arrested on the morning of elec-
tion, before the polls are opened, and most unac-
countably released after the election is over? This
looks a little mysterious. Sir, it is all a false pre-
tense; it is the trick of the tyrant, adopted in or-
der to involve those who honestly differ with them
in political opinions in the pretended net of sus-
picion, so that by arrests,by variousannoyances
which a tyrant knows so well how to manufac-
ture, he may keep the honest voters from the
polls, and thus secure the election of a brother
conspirator. Thus it is that this great right of
free ballot, which is the protector of all other
rights, and that, too, when all other rights are
nearly crushed to the earth, has been brutally
assailed by brutal military tyranny.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would remind the
gentleman from Maryland that he must address
the Chan\ He has not been doing so for some
time past. [Mr. liAiiRis stood immediately in
front of the Chair, and had been speaking for sev-
eral minutes with his back to the Speaker.]
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I am addressing
the Chair, and hope the Chair has heard me.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has not.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. He is ad-
diessmg the Chair. He ia not required to look
at the Speaker all the time.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Pennsylvania laise that point of order?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. It is the
Chair that makes the point of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair states that it is
the usage for the person occupying the chair to
remind gentlemen \v hen they are ad dressing mem-
bers of the House that it is their duty to address
the Chair.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I hope the
Chair will not come down again. It is a long
lane that has no turning.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not under-
stand the gentleman front Pennsylvania.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I do not yield to
my friend from Pennsylvania; I can take care of
myself. This is my business, and I object to any
intei ruption. I did not intend offense to the Chair
in turning my back, but it is very important, as
I have a weak voice, that those whom I intend to
have the benefit of my counsel shall hear me.
[Laughter.] I do not intend any disrespect to the
Chair; as I said before,! have never seen a more
impartial piesidmg officer than the one who pre-
sides over this House. I should not have known
to which side of the House he belonged politically
from his action m the Chair. I say this in all sin-
cerity and truth.
I was saying, sir, that the great privilege of
freedom of elections and of the ballot is one which
the people will not yield, and with which all ex-
ecutive interference must be withheld. The peo-
ple have been suffering in every other respect, and
much in this. Right after right has been taken
from us; the temple of liberty has, as it were, been
stripped. The shingles have been taken off at one
time, the weather-boarding at another, and you
have brought out your battering-rams tociush
out the great foundation-stone in order to bring
rafter, joist, and all the timbers of the noble edi-
fice in irreparable ruin to the earth. I tell you,
sir, we will not stand it much longer. The men
who, by the exercise of assumed tyrannical
power, shall further assail that great right, will
see erelong the ballot-boxes baptized in blood—
a baptism that may be necessary to wash away
the foul stains of tyranny and oppression.
Mr. Speaker, the President himself, in his let-
ter addressed to citizens of Springfield, Illinois,
declared that " he who appeals from the ballot to
the bullet shall lose his case and pay the costs;"
and, sir, he is the first man who has a judgment
for costs against him. He himself, by the instru-
mentality of his vicious tools, has violated the
solemn pledge which he indicated in that letter,
and this, too, upon the ridiculous and frivolous
ground that treason may possibly contaminate
the ballot-box. If a man is known to be a trai-
tor, the place of election would, I think, be the
last place at which he would make his personal
appearance. lie would know well that the risk he
runs would not be compensated for by the priv-
ilege he sought. It is futile to talk to intelligent
people about traitors being at large in justifica-
tion of the President or any of his subordinates
parading around the polls for purposes of intim-
idation with military array. It is done because
they wish to thwart the free and honest expres-
sion of the people's will, when they have reason
to apprehend that the result would be against
their selfish and tyrannical schemes. Grant this
power to the Executive, and he would be able to
select your candidates and to secure their elec-
tions, and thus to pack this House with his tools.
Grant him that power, and the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] would not be here
to talk so eloquently about the freedom of the
ballot, and to rebuke the tyranny by which it was
struck down. His occupation and that of the
committeeof whichheifitheablcchairman would
be gone. Nothing more would be necessary than
for the President to issue a proclamation (which
of course could be obtained at any time by a
squad of fanatical preachers) announcing who he
considers entitled to the places on thislloor. Be
I could, too, and would secure, by effectual intei f'cr-
' ence with elections of the members of the Legisla-
tures of the different States, a full supply of crin-
ging tools in the other branch of Congress. The
process would produce the very definition of des-
potism.
The SPEAKER. The hour of the gentleman
from Wisconsin [Mr. Brown] has expired.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I had nothing
to do with the time to which the gentleman from
Wisconsin was entitled.
The SPEAKER. Then the Chair is mistaken.
The present occupant of the chair was not in the
Hall at the time.
Mr. SLOAN. I rise to a point of order. I am
informed that the gentleman from Wisconsin did
yield a portion of his time to the gentleman from
Maryland. I call upon my colleague to say
whether it was not so.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I can only say
thatl did not acceptof any concession,if he made
any, from my friend from Wisconsin. He had
finished what he had to say, and I took the floor
by my own independent right.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hickey,
one of its'clerks, announced that the Senate had
| passed an act for the settlement, subsistence, and
! support of the Navajo Indian captives on a res-
; ervation in the Territory of New Mexico.
MISSOUKI CONTESTED ELECTION—AGAIN.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Wis-
consin [Mr. Sloan] raised the question of order
that the time of the gentleman from Maryland
had expired. The Chair is informed that al-
though the gentleman from Wisconsin expressed
his willingness fo yield the remainder of his hour,
the gentleman from Maryland took the floor with-
out any concession and is now entitled to his full
hour.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I do not intend
to tax the patience of the House by consuming
the entire time to whjch I am entitled. When in-
terrupted (as I have so frequently been) I was
carrying out my line of argument to show what
the Executive of this country could do by the ex-
ercise of such a power as was claimed forhim by
