8170
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 22,
T.hebillwas reported to the Senate asamended,
and the amendment was concurred in and ordered
to be engrossed, and the bill to be read a thud
time. It was read the third time, and passed.
MARTIIA JANE SKAGGS.
On motion of Mr. FOSTER, tho Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (H. R. No. 347) for the relief of Martha
Jane Skaggs. It directs the Secretary of the In-
terior to place the name of Martha Jane Skaggs,
widow of Alfred Sykcs Skaggs, late a private of
company E, of the twenty-seventh regiment of
Kentucky,and who died ut Elizabothtown, Ken-
tucky, on the 27th of January, 1863, upon the
pension roll from that date, to continue duiing her
widowhood.
The Committee on Pensions reported the bill
with an amendment in lines ten and eleven to
insert the words "at the rate of eight dollars per
month."
The amendment was agieed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concm red in and ordered
to be engrossed, and the bill to be road a third
time. It was read the third time, and passed.
SALE OF LAND IN IOWA.
Mr. IIENURICKS. I ask t ho indulgence of
the Senate to take up Senate bill No. 301. It is
to provide for a settler in Iowa. Jt is a Senate
bill, and if it should not pass now the pi obability
is that it cannot pa.ss daring the session. It will
not take a minute.
Mr. HALE. I must insist on the order of the
evening. I have ^iven way long enough.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If tins occupies more
than two minutes I will withdraw from the field.
Mr. HALE. 1 have given way a great deal,
and it'l  ive way now [ must give way toothers.
. I am pressed all around.
The motion of Mr. 1(knuricks was agreed to;
and the hill (S. No. 301) for the sale of a lot of
land in Iowa, in the Fort Crawford reservation,
was read a second time and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It provulex thatit may be
1m w ful tor the Commissioner of the General Land
(Mliee to cause to be sold after public notice the
tract described as lot No. 1, in township ninety-
five north, of range three west, of the fifth ptin-
cipal meridian, in the State of Iowa, situated in
what is known us the Fort Crawford military
reservation, subject to such minimum price per
acre as the Co«nmi>sioner may establish as ftnr
and reasonable, not less than 50 per aero; and
in the event of the lot not being disposed of at
public sale the Commissioner is authorized tore-
offer it at public sale, or after the second offering
to dispose of (he lot at such minimum as he may
establish, and for the sale so made a patent is to
issue us m ordinary cases.
The second section provides that if it shall ap-
pear that there are any other lots in the reserve
not disposed of by the United States it may be
lawful for tho Commissioner to dispose of them
in the manner provided in the foregoing section.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a thud
leading, read the thiid time, and passed.
IU1U50T TAX OF WASHINGTON COUNTY.
Mr. MOliRILL. I move, to take up the bill
(S. No. 299) authorizing the levy roui t of Wash-
ington county, m the Distiict of Columbia, to
levy and collect its portion of the diiect tax im-
posed by the act of Congiess of August 5, lyGl.
It will not occupy a moment.
Mr. HALE. I hope the Senate, if they ever
pioposeto proceed with the order of the evening,
will begin some time or other.
Mr. MORRILL. This bill contains but a single
section, and can be disposed of m a moment.
Mr. HALE. If 1 give way to every appeal,!
should give way all night and to-morrow too. 1
call for the oider of the evening.
The PRESIDENT yro tempore. There is no
order of the evening.
Mr. HALE. Then I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the unfinished
business at the time of the recess.
The PRESI DENT pro tempore. That motion
is not in order until the motion of the Senator
from Maine is disposed of.
Mr. HALE, ' hope it will be voted down.
Mr. MORRILL. I hope the Senate will allow
this little bill to be taken up and passed now, so
that it may go to the House of Representatives
for action there.
The question being put, there were, on a divis-
ion—ayes 13, noes 8; no quorum voting.
Mr. POMEROY. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MORRILL. I will withdraw the bill.
Mr. FOSTER. It will be necessary to call the
yeas and nays any way in order to geta quorum.
Mr. MORRILL. Then, as the yeas and nays
must be called, 1 will insist on my motion.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 17, nays 16; as follows:
—IVIeisr.-". Diowit, Buekalevv, Chandler, Clarlc,
Ooll.tmcr, I'V^eixlen, Giimes, fJ.nrK [{imrineks, Howe,
Johnson, Moiiran, Mornii, Powell, Kiddle, Van Winkle,
.mil Wade—17.
NAYS—Mews. Anthony, Cailile, Dixon, Foster,Hale,
llatlan, Howard, Lain' of Kansas, Pom';! ov, Ramsey, Sauls-
bury, Sunnier, .Tea Jijck, Tiumbull, Willcy, and Wil-
son—if).
ABSENT—Mcssis. Corniest, Cowan, Davis?, DooUuSe,
Foot, llaidin^, Heialeisuu, Ilioks, Lane of Indiana, Mc-
Douiiall. NimihiIi, RichaidbOii, Sherman, Spiague, Wil-
kinson, :uid VVngUt—16.
So tho motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider tho bill. It authorizes the levy court of
Washington county, in the District of Columbia,
to levy and collect, in the same manner as other
county taxes in the county of Washington are
levied and collected, a sum sufficient to pay the
county's proportion of the direct tax imposed on
tho District o {'Columbia by the act ofCongiess ap-
proved August 5, 18G1, and the expense andcost
of collecting tho same, and the aggregate of direct
tax imposed by that act is to be distributed and
apportioned between the cities of Washington
and Georgetown, and that part of the county
of Washington lying outside the limits of those
cities, according to the assessed valuation of prop-
erty made in the jurisdiction of each by the as-
sessment last ptior to the date of the passage of
the act of August 5, ]fc>61.
The bill was lepoited to the Senate without
aim ndment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, lead the third time, and passed.
EWCSSON'S IXOATING BATTERIES.
Mr. HALE. I now move that we proceed to
the consideration of the unfinished business.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the joint resolution
(H. R. No. 95) authoiizing the Secretary of the j
Navy to amend the contract with John Ericsson :
for the construction of two impregnable lloating ]
batteries, the Dictator and the Puritan, the pend- !
ing question being on the amendment of Mr.
Shermak, in line six, to strike out the words
" present value" and to insert " actual cost."
The amendment was rejected.
The joint resolution was oidcrcd to a third read-
ing, read the third time, and passed.
CONTRACTORS FOR DOUDLK-ENDLUS.
Mr. HALE. 1 now move to postpone all prior
orders, and that the Senate proceed to the con-
sideration of Senate joint resolution No. 50.
The motion was agreed to: and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the con-
sideration of the joint resolution (S. No. 50) for
the relief of the contractors for the machinery of
the side-wheel gunboats known asdouble-enders,
the pending question being on the amendment of
Mr. Grimks to strike out all of the joint reso-
lution after the word u that," where it first oc-
curs, and to insert:
AM claims baved upon or anting from the contacts of
pei.'Oiis who contracted with the United State? Govern-
ment toi the ui'iduueiyatid engines of the Mde-wheei !*un-
bo.it*>. commonly known aridoubic-eiuleis, bo, and the aim:
ate hereby, lefeiredto the (Joint of Claims for examination
and adjudication.
Mr. GRIMES. Gn that I ask for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not see what propri-
ety there is m refining these contiacts to the
Court of Claims. I do not see how the Court of
Claims can take any jurisdiction over them un-
less we pass a special law on the subject. Tne
Coui t of Claims can only give them, wnat they
are awarded under the contracts. We might as
well refer the resolution we have just passed for
the relief of Mr. Ericsson to the Court of Claims:
much better, I think. They are entnled to noth-
ing under their contracts but what they have ic-
ceived. _ ^ ,
Mr. President, I wii! state bneliv vvv.at tins
case is. These contiactors have built the engines
for the gunboats known as doublo-enders. I hey
allege in their memorial to Congress that they did
not seek these contracts, hut the Deperiment
sought them; there was a great necessity for the
immediate construction of these engines; and
they were told that the engines would be hk-e
those of the Paul Jones. They allege that after
having agreed to build engines of that constiac-
tion they were required by the Department to
build engines of a very different and more costly
character. They ask that if they have built en-
gines more costly than those they were expected
to build when they commenced their preparations
for building, there may be a board of investiga-
tion to decide how much they are entitled to, or
rather that is the resolution that the committee
repoit. These contractors came before us as Mr.
Ericsson came, and asked for relief; but the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs did not think that they
wete qualified to judge of the measure of relief,
and perhaps not exactly qualified to judge if any
relief at all was due. If the allegation of these
gentlemen is correct, and I believe it to be cor-
rect, because I know some of them and they are
highly honorable men, then they have built for
the Government different engines from those that
they contracted to build, and the difference in
cost has ail been for the advantage and benefit of
the Government. If they had known when they
commenced the work what kind of engines they
were to build, they would have contracted at a
dilferent price, and the DepaiUr.uU would have
concedcd different terms.
The committee, not feeling that they were a
proper tribunal to decide tins question, have te-
ported this joint resolution proposing that the
question shall be left to a board to be appointed
by the Secretai y of the Navy; not, as usual m the
case of referees, one of the referees appointed by
tho one party and another by the other and an
umpire by both, but that tho whole hoard shall
be appointed by the'Secretary of the Navy; that
when the board shall have examined into their al-
legations, shall have decided, in the first place, if
they are entitled to any relief, and, in the second
place, how much, they shall repot t to the Secre-
tary of the Navy, and if the Secretary of the
Navy shall approve the findingofthe board, then
they shall be paid. I ask if that is not fair. I
ask if that is not due to men who have contracted
with the Govcrnmcntand have performed a work
dilferent from what they contracted to perform.
I think the good faith of tho Government is
pledged to this measure.
I hope the amendment proposed by the Sena-
tor from Iowa will not be adopted. To send them
to the Court of Claims is to send them nowhere,
because the Court of Claims can only pay them
what is due under a contract. They do not pro-
fess to be entitled to anything under a contiact.
Mr. GRIMES. I intended to record a silent
vote on the passage of this resolution, and to vote
against it, but the remarks of the Senator from
Rhode Island constrain me to say a few words
in opposition, and in explanation of the vote
which I shall give.
Some two years and a half ago the Govern-
ment contracted with certain parties for the con-
struction of twenty-eight different double-enders.
Written contracts were entered into with each
one of the parties in relation 10 the construction
of each one of those boats. They weie told, and
told truly, that they were to be built upon the
plan of tho Paul Jonea, which one of these con-
tractors builr and furnished to the Government
for $44,000. Specifications were furnished to
these contractors at the time the contract wasen-
tered into, specifying in detail every paiticular
that was to compose the engines and machinery.
They were to receive £82,000 tor each one of
these engines—not §44,000 which was received
by Mr. Qmntard or Mr. Eosiduuiu, I foiget
winch, for building the Paul Jones, bur
showing that thev must have expected "o bud i .i
dilferent engine from that which v,\is in (;e: L'.uii
Jones. They built exactly siniiUi en<;u,.^ in
those m the Paul Jones, save that they buik en-
gines corresponding and In compliance wnhthe
specifications which required that they should be
