1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2W5
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawks,]
and conceded by the member from Baltimore city,
[Mi. Davis.] With this tremendous lever lie
might easily overturn the liberties of this coun-
try. As I said before, he could fill all the places
of trust and honor with the willing tools of his
power; men who, being willing slaves themselves,
are fit instruments to make slaves of others. Even
any "ism" might be voted up or voted down if
advised by the pieachcrs, through the operation of
the power now claimed for him. Anti-slavery ism
can be elected at any time, as by this process is
now in reality being done in the States in which
that institution exists. The forms of law may be
preserved, while the fraudulentandoppressive re-
alities of tyranny can be enforced. Sir, this pre-
tended design of keeping treason from the polls is
too transpaient. Why is it that this crime, punish-
able at all times, is punished only on election day ?
It is that pati to tic men, who differ with the Admin-
istration m its ruinous course, who have the high-
est regard for theirconstitutional and legal obliga-
tions, may be involved in the loss of their greatest
privilege under the infamous pretense of preserv-
ingit. Itisan easy thing,as we see, for a heated
and selfish partisan to proclaim the charge of trea-
son against a fellow-citizen; but when the charge is
made, and is unsustained by proof, there can be
no other name for the unjust accuser except the
name of slanderer.
Mr. GARFIELD, I rise to a question of
order. The member from Maryland is contu-
maciously disobeying the Chan*, lie is not ad-
dressing the Chair; he is addressing the other
part of the House. I call him to order.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I hope I will
not be interrupted. 1 will look at the Chair. The
Chair will excuse me if in the waimth of debate
I have ti ansgressed the rule of Older which the
Chair has laid down.
Mr. NOBLE. I have listened with great caie
to the gentleman fiom Maryland, and since ad-
monished by the Chair he has made no address
to anybody else but the Chair, 1 do not think
he is liable to the point of order made against
him by the member from Ohio.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I think my hon-
orable friend fiorn Ohio [Mr. Garfield] should
not be so sensitive on this subject. I will not,
however, call him my friend, for 1 do not know
him, and am not sure that he would recognize
the appellation. Rut, sir, I know I have seen
him m the ecstasies and contortions of debate so
far forget himself on this point as to biing him
within the category of those who are not priv-
ileged to cast the first stone.
This charge of treason is a wide-spread net. It
has entered the Halls of Congress and been used
for the purpose of arresting free debate and stifling
the warning voices which will reach the ears anu
warm the hearts of the American people. For
the bold utterances of my political sentiments,
this chaige of treason has been called from the
" vasty deep" in order to peosenbe me. 1 dare
to avow them in this or any other presence, and
the defiance refutes the charge. For the avowal
of my approbation of the sentiment contained in
the celebrated Cnttenden resolution, (though in a
somewhat different form,) which the gentleman
[Mr. Wasiiburne] who drew the resolution of
expulsion approved of and voted for, it was de-
clared here in his resolution that I had used j
" treasonyjjle language and had been guilty of a j
gioss contempt of tins House," and should be!
expelled. As to the charge of gross contempt of ;
the House, the recollection and reflection of the j
ruembeis who voted it must declai e it false. Not 1
a single rule of order or parliamentary decorum 1
did I violate on that occasion, and the House will J
be ashamed when they review their own ruling ;
on ihat point. But my language was "treason- '
able." This word is used in common parlance, 1
free from the rigid rules of law. But 1 defy any :
man to find in American criminal law such a woid 1
as "Treasonable." Treason needs no adjectives i
to define or construe its meaning. It has its defiu- 1
it ion written bvtho hands of our glorious fathers '
in the Constitution itself. It is an unqualified i
substantive, standing forth from the Constitution ,
like a mountain, that all may view its dark out-
lines. This word, then, used with such hot haste ;
arid indorsed by a majority of this House with ,
so little reflection, shows that they would con- 1
struct a treason to suit what they might consider !
the demand of the times, without regard to the
demands ofthe Constitution which they are sworn
to support, and without regard to the just privi-
lege of defense which they m my case ignored.
It is pitiable when such acts arc done that they
should be hastily done, and inaugurated by that
kind of ignorance which knows not the force of
language. The rule which our fathers wiote in
the Constitution saved me from your ex-pulsion,
and saved you from the stern and indignant re-
buke which I would have brought back with me
from my patriotic and whole-souled constituents.
But you did not stop here; your vengeance
was not thus to be thwarted. Another resolu-
tion introduced by the member from Ohio, [Mr.
Schenck,] and upon which he cut off all debate
by the previous question, declared that I had
used language " manifestly tending and intended
to give aid and comfort to the enemies of this
eountiy, and that I was therefore an unworthy
member and should receive its censure." The
tendency which he considers so manifest is an
absurdity. What a tendency it would have to
give the aid and comfort which he speaks of, for
one solitary member m this Hall with all others
against him to show himself the friend of the
enemy! It must cheer the heart of Jefferson
Davis-to the core to receive such great and effi-
cient aid.
Mr. UPSON. I call the gentleman to order.
He is not discussing the question before the
House. The icsolution of censure passed by the
House on the geniTeman has nothing to do with
the pending question.
The SPEAKER. The Chairhas not been able
to hear what the gentleman from Maryland has
been saying for the last fifteen minutes, if he
has been refeiring to the censure passed on him
by the House lie is out of order.
Mr. SMITH. I hope that the gentleman will
be allowed to take his own course and notbecon-
fincd to the pending question.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. The member
from Maryland was accorded the privilege of re-
ferring to other subjects than the one under debate.
Mr. FENTON. I call for a decision on that
motion.
Mr. SMITH. The gentleman fiom Mary-
land [Mr. Davis] and others have alluded to
matteis not directly or strictly under considera-
tion. I listened to their renuuks with pleasure.
I desire that the member from Maryland [Mr.
Harris] shall be allowed to proceed in the same
direction, if he gets so far out of order that it
is necessary to call him to order, no one will be
quicker to do it than myself; 1 do not mean in
violation of the rules of the House, but without
relevancy to the question under consideration.
Mr. UPSON, t object.
The House divided; and there were—ayes 57,
noes 37.
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. It is not very
agreeable to address those who are unwilling to
hear me, although 1 have nothing to complain of
as to the great attention they give me. I have said
nothing that should offend them. I alluded to
the fact that they had not been willing to give
me the privilege of defense on the occasion re-
ferred to,and it seems they are not very willing
to give me an opportunity of defense now. To
show how insidious the charge of treason can he
made and how willingly sustained is not in my
estimation so irrelevant to the issue before the
House as gentlemen might suppose. The charge
is made m elecimn cases to destroy the freedom
of the ballot, and may be used here to abolish the
fieedom of debate. But, sir, to the other bianeh
of the charge in the resolution of censuie of the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sciiknck.] Itdeeiares
that my language was manifestly designed to give
the aid and comfort spoken of to the enemies of
the country. The member when he wrote that
could not know it to be true, but I know it to bo
utterly fa4«e. But it would have been as absurd
to utter language here under the circumstances,
with such a design, as it would be to suppose the
language uttered would have the tendency which
the resolution charged. Designed ! Such uthing
never entered my mind. On that day I came into
this House unexpectedly and found that the gen- j
tleman from Ohm [Mr. Long] had been assailed <
by a tesoiuuoii of expulsion for the expansion |
of his sentiment.-? on this floor. The only feeling I
i 1 had and the only thought [ had was that of in-
dignation at the unwarranted attempt to arrest the
freedom of discussion hero. The language I used
rushectfromthemdignant heart ofa freeman when
Freedom was assailed in its very tergple. I not
only intended to show that he had the full right
he claimed, but I determined by going a bar*s
length ahead of him to test before the country
the full strength of the great privilege you have
assailed. I am thus far satisfied with the result.
Still, talking of treason, sir, the only language
that indicated a desire to perpetrate treason fell
from the member from Ohio [Mr. Schenck.] him-
self, when he declared that if he had the power
he would send his colleague [Mr. Long] across
the lines; and what would he expect of him in
the lines of the enemy except to give them aid
and comfort? Ah, sir, perhaps by shouldering a
musket and meeting the chivalrous gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] in battle, and by one
disastrous shot possibly depriving thecountryof
his valuable services. 1 say such acts are treason,
whether done by the President of the United
States or any of his subordinates. Instead of
putting a traitor in jail to suffer the consequences
of his act, you send him where his sympathies
are, and voluntarily give the enemies of your
country additional force for destroying your sol-
diers in thefield. If you or 1 had done such acts
and they were known to the late commander of
the Middle department, we should have had the
benefit of a room in Fort McHenry and a sen-
tence of a drum-head court-martial. And are not
these men to be held responsible for this crime,
for which they would so readily punish their
equals?
Sir, I wish to sift this thing called treason, these
slang phrases, loyalty and disloyalty. The latter
word, if it means anything, can only embrace
the crime of treason, and the formercaikonly mean
conformity to legal and constitutional obligations,
unless, indeed, may be added, as some construe
it, the obligation to steal a negro. Sir, I contend
all are loyal who are not traitors, according to the
definition of that crime contained in the Consti-
tution. The lines and boundaries of treason are
and were intended to be well marked. He that
steps within them is a criminal, but outside of
those lines and on their very verge the American
citizen looking over the vastfield of his rights can
defiantly exclaim:
" I am monarch of all 1 survey."
Mr, Speaker, the great event of a presidential
election is advancing upon us. The designs and
schemes which I have endeavored to expose may
be again resorted to in order to defeat the choice
ofthe people and force upon them a reign of teiror
for four years longer, I tell you, sir, it is the
right of the people to carry arms, and it may be
their duty to use them in order to preserve their
liberties. If they could hear and heed my voice
everywhere, fiom the snow-clad mountains of
New Hampshire to the wateis of the Potomac,
from the Atlantic to the Pacific coasts, they will
" arise, awake, befoie they are forever fallen."
Let those heed my voice, too, who as in the past
shall dare by threatened violence to interfere with
that great fundamental right of the people, the
very basis and "foundation of all other rights
which they hold as treasures. Mark me when I
say that the people will arise and defend their
rights although blood may flow in streams from
their veins, but they will find that blood flows in
other veins besides theirs, that their tyrants, have
some of that precious fluid. If interference shall
he persisted in with the free expression of the
people's choice at the ballot-box, that priceless
right guarantied to us by our beloved ancestors,
i I hope that blood wilt flow,and thnt traitors and
' tyrants will be trampled in the dust.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, the member
from Maryland, who has just taken his seat, made
some refeienee to me. I desiie to have read what
i send to the Clerk's desk.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" Resolved, That Benj uiin G. Harris, a Representative
fiom the titiij dMiiet of the State of Maryland, having
spoken woids tin?' d.i\ in debate manifestly tending and
designed to encourage the exi«tui? rebellion and thfi ene-
mies of this Union, i-- declared nflm an unworthy member
ot this House, and is hf-inby severely eensured."
" The question wa< taken; and it was decidrd m the
anirin.Uive -.u-a- 9M, nays 18; a.- iollows:
<• Vf ks - Me-ifis Alley> Allison, Ames, Anderson, Ar-
