1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
is sick and unable to be here. I trust there will
be no objection.
Mr. ANCONA. Say Thursday week or Tues-
day week.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I hope there will be no
objection to the postponement until Thursday.
Mr. HOLMAN. But it is not to be considered
a special order?
Mr. WASHBURNE. It will stand just as it
does now, after the morning hour.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that the
effect of a postponement to Thursday will proba-
bly throw it over to a later day in consequence
of the banking hill having been postponed until
Wednesday,and made the special order from day
to day until disposed of. That bill will probably
occupy more than one day, and will take priority.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then I move
that it be postponed until a week from Monday,
after the morning hour.
Mr. ANCONA. That will be satisfactory.
The bill was accordingly postponed until Mon-
day week after the morning hour.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I desire to ask leave of
absence for Mr. McDowell for two weeks from
Thursday next.
No objection being made, leave of absence was
granted accordingly.
MILITARY ACADEMY.
Mr. FENTON, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 34) making appropriations for the support
of the Military Academy for the year ending 30th
June, 1865, reported that they had bad under con-
sideration the Senate amendments to said bill, and
recommended a concurrence in the first, second,
and third amendments of the Senate, and a con-
currence in the fourth amendment, with an amend-
ment, as follows:
Strike out all after the word "Academy," in the fourth
line of said amendment, down to and including the word
"States," at the end of said amendment, and insert the
words "and that for one year from the 1st dayofJuly next
one additional cadet for each distiiet shall be appointed as
now provided by law."
No objection being made, the House proceeded
to consider the amendments of the Senate.
First amendment:
Add the following as a new section at the end of the bill:
Sec. 2. J2nd be it farther enacted, That the thirty-fifth
section of the act entitled "An act (or enlisting and calling
out the national foieess, and for othoi pui poises," approved
Match 3, 1863, shall not he deemed hereatterto piohihit the
payment to en listed men employed at the Military Academy
of the extra-duty pay heretofore allowed by Jaw to enlhted
men when employed at constant labor for not iess than ten
days continuously.
The SPEAKER. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Second amendment:
Add the following a? a new section:
Snc. 3. %/lnd be it further enattcd. That from and after
the 1st of July, 1883. tl«i annual pay of cadets at the Mil-,
itaiy Academy at West Point shall he the same as that
allowed to mid-.hipmen at the Naval Academy, and the
amount neefivary lor th.it puipose is hereby appiopuated.
Mr. IIOLMAN. I would impure what is the
increased compensation of cadets made by this
amendment?
Mr. FENTON. The present compensation is
thirty dollars a month. This amendment would
make it forty dollars ond a fraction. Midship-
men at the Naval Academy are allowed $500 a
year, and tins amendment would increase it to
that sum. According to the statements of the
Superintendent and other officers of the Academy
the present sum is entirely insufficient to support
these cadets, and that an indebtedness of nearly
fifteen thousand dollars has acciued against them
for supplies. The Superintendent further states
that $6,000 is now required to give the cadets a
proper uniform and outfitfor the ensuing season,
and he lias not a dollar for such purpose.
Mr. HOLMAN The whole compensation at
his time is thuty dollars per month?
Mr. FENTON. It is.
Mr. LiOLMAN. And thisamendmentincreases
it to forty dollars ?
Mr. FENTON. Yes; forty dollars and a little
"iiev—$300 per annum.
Mr. HOLMAN. h gives them §500 a year5
Mr. FENTON. Yesi sir.
Mr. SPALDING, i object to this amendment,
sir. I object to it because I regard it as an enter- 1
ing wedge to an increase in all the salaries of our
officers, i have looked for this all along. I ex-
pected that we should commence with the cadets
at West Point, and now it is upon us, and I think
we ought to take Gur stand.
If we adopt this amendment of the Senate and
increase the pay of these pupils at West Point,
we will have to increase the pay of every clerk in
every Department of the Government.
Mr.WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I believe that
I have been with the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Spalding] on every measure which has been pro-
posed in regard to the increase of salaries, and 1
trust that I shall be with him to the end, but I dif-
fer with him with regard to this amendment.
Mr. SPALDING. I had not quite finished my
remarks. I was about to say that this is a mat-
ter of principle, and hence i feel- constrained to
vote against this increase of pay to the cadets at
West Point. I have uniformly since the com-
mencement of this session of Congress voted
against increasing the pay of any employes of the
Government. I would not do it in my own case;
I would not do it in the case of any favorite friend
of mine, and I think there is nothing in the dis-
tinction about to be taken in behalf of these stu-
dents at West Point which should call upon us to
increase their pay. Why,sir, who are they?. Are
they the sons of poor and poverty-stricken men
who cannot maintain themselves and purchase
decent wearing apparel? There is nothing of this.
A great majority of these cadets are the sons of
men of wealth and position.
Mr. FENTON. I would state to the gentleman
that a majority of those at present in the institu-
tion, according to my information, are either the
sons of poor parents, or orphan boys.
Mr. SPALDING. One of the cadets from my
district wrote me a letter asking me to vote for this
increase of wages, and said to me the reason was
that he could not have new and fashionable coats
as often as he wished to under th-e present pay.
I know that the parents of that young man can
maintain him if they.see fit to do so, and it is not
necessary for the Govei n merit to give him this in-
creased pay in order to keep him in decent ap-
parel.
Mr. THAYER. I would ask the gentleman if
he has that letter? It would probably throw some
light upon this subject if he would read it to the
House.
Mr. SPALDING. The letter is in my room,
if I have preserved it; and if 1 have, 1 do not
think the gentleman has any right to call upon me
to produce it. It is a private letter; but I state
the contents correctly, substantially, upon my
honor and upon my official responsibility. Is the
gentleman from Pennsylvania satisfied ? I have
done, sir.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have al-
ready stated that I have been opposed to all these
propositions for the increase of salaries. But in
this case I can perceive the absolute justice of
raising the pay of these cadets to the same amount
as midshipmen receive at the Naval School. I
know of no reason for any distinction. And so
far as the amount which these cadets receive is
concerned, I know it to be, from information
which I know to be trustworthy, absolutely in-
sufficient to support them there. The cadet whom
I had the honor of appointing, and who stands
very high in his class, is the s^n of a poor man,'
and his father is unable to furnish him with funds
sufficient to meet his expenses. I think it just
and proper, and I hope that the House willagree
to the amendment.
Mr. STEVEIN'S. I hope this amendment will
prevail. > It is very well ascertained, certified upon
the responsibility of the Superintendent of this de-
partment, that the present pay will not clothe the
cadets in a decent manner and support them, and
they have been obliged to incur, under a most eco-
nomical administraiion,adebtfor past times; and
they say that the amount now proposed is as little
as they can be supported at without drawing upon
other funds.
Now, it is not true, so far as my knowledge
extends, that these boys are the children of nch
parents. There may be some of them who aie so.
It is no crime to be the son of a rich parent, and I
would not exclude lads on that account. But I
know that those who have been appointed from
my district have uniformly been the sons of poor
persons who could not furnish a dollar for their
support. - ' " v
Sir, I adopted this rule; I asked - three, gentle-
men to act as examiners of all applicants. They
were three learned men, and they did so, and I
requested them in my instructions not to. eo'nsi,&er
wealth as disqualifying candidates, butthat.where
there was equality of qualifications they should
prefer a poor man's son, and they have done so,and
those from my district in both the Military
Naval Schools are the sons of poor men, ana they
were sent there in pursuance of my instructions.
I say that their parents cannot, under these cir-
cumstances, contribute to their support;and those
who resist this proposition are, without intending
it, making a discrimination in favor of the sons
of rich men and against the sons of poor men.
Unless this amendment be adopted the sons of poor
men will have to leave the institution, and their
places will be supplied by the sons of wealthy
parents.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, I wish to add my
testimony to what has been said by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens.] I do not
know what may bo the class from which cadets
fiom Ohio are selected. - Very likely it is as the
gentleman [Mr. Spalding] suggests. But the
cadet from my own district is a poor Irish boy.
The only time I ever saw him he was shoveling
sand. He was selected on a competitive exam-
ination, in the same manner as has been sug-
gested by the gentleman from Pennsylvania. I
know that he would not spend a dollar unneces-
sarily. He never saw so large a sum as thirty
dollars until he went to West Point. His father
is a day-laborer, working with his spade and ,
shovel for his daily support, and is, of course,
unable to contribute anything to the defraying of
his son's expenses. .
Mr. ELIOT. Mi\ Speaker, I merely.desire to
say that,so faras I know the case of these young
men, the precise result will be brought about that
has been spoken of by my colleague, [Mr.
Dawes.] Resignations must take place among
the sons of poor parents unless the pay of the
cadets is increased. The only young man thatl
have appointed there is one whose parentsaretoo
poor to be able tocontiibuteanything to the pay-
ment of his expenses. And I have notice, be-
cause his friends cannot provide means for his
support, that he will have to retire from the Acad-
emy unless Congress increase the compensation
to cadets.
Mr. ASHLEY. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Massachusetts if he cannot clothe himself
on §300 a year.
Mr. ELIOT. It is not the matter of clothing
entirely.
Mr. ASHLEY. What is it—whisky?
Mr. ELIOT. No, sir; it is not whisky. *
Mr.-ASHLEY. The Government supplies
their board.
Mr. ELIOT. I beg the gentleman's pardon.
Their board is charged to them. 1 have seen a
statement of the necessary expenses of these young
men, and I say to the gentleman from Ohio that
these expenses cannot be defrayed out of their
present pay.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is not
clothing merely. It is the whole expenses. The
cadet is charged for board and everything.
Mr. FENTON. From 1802 to 1857 the pay
of cadets at West Point School was sixteen dol-
lars per month with two rations, which amounted
in all to about thirty-four or thirty-five dollars a
month. In 1867 it was changed to thirty dollars
a month, and that sum was barely sufficient to
suppoit the cadets prior to the advanced rates
which have resulted from the war. Not only the
clothing and board,butall the otherexpensesare
charged against them, and have to be paid out of
the thirty dollars a month. This pay is entirely
insufficient for the purpose, and already, as I have
bcfoie stated, an indebtedness of some $15,000
has been incurred. I take the liberty to read from
letters of the Superintendent. The first is dated
December 10th last:
" T take the libe^v of leminding you of the nbsoiutc ne-
cessity for putting the cadet** at the .Military Academy on
the same footing as the cadets at the Naval Academy. It
is now a domont-tiated fact that with the greatly incieased
value of pi ovi^ions and all the neee^saues of iife, the pay
oi the cadets is insufficient to support them. Month atter
mouth, with the closcst economy, their indebtedness in-
crease?, and now the corps have purchased oh a credit
