1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
made of heavier material. That was the only
variation, the only difference.
These contractors now come before Congress
and ask us to go behind their written contracts.
If you will look at the resolution you will observe
that the committee have stricken out the words
"contracted for" in the twenty-first line and in-
serted the words " bargained for." i have con-
vcrsed with these gentlemen. They have been
to see me about it, and I have listened to their
Btories. They say that some person came to them
who represented that he was the friend of the en-
gineer-in-chief of the Navy, and told them they
would be required to build under these contracts
such and such engines. Although after that time,
long after, they say, they entered into a written
contract, yet they want to be permitted to go be-
hind that written contract, and they say they
ought not to be compelled to fulfill the written
contract, because some considerable time antei lor
to its execution they had some conversation with
some other party whom they attempt to identify
as being connected with the Navy Department.
Mr. WILSON. Who was that other ptuty?
Mr. GRIMES. Some gentleman, they told me,
who they said was a friend of Mr. Isherwood.
That is what one of the committee that came on
here told me. What do they do? They go be-
fore the Committeeon Naval Affairs and ask them
to report a resolution authorizing the Secretary of
the Navy to appoint a commission of three per-
sons who shall go behind these contracts and de-
termine how much is due to each one of them.
Theie are twenty-eight of them, and they now
say that the amount that will be duo to each one
of them will be not to exceed $20,000 on the aver-
age. That would amount to a very round sum;
but how much it will be by the time the investi-
gation is closed nobody can tell.
This resolution does not specify any term of
office that these commissioners aie to hold. It
gives them no compensation. It does not require
them even to take an oath. It defines no place in
which they shall take testimony. It does not
specify in what manner the testimony shall be
taken. It authorizes them to make a report in
this most informal of all manners, and then upon
that repoit the Secretary of the Navy is author-
ized to pay that amount whatever it may be,
without coming to Congress and asking Congress
to make an appropriation.
One great objection that I have to this resolu-
tion is the ptecedent that it will establish. I do
not know of any reason, if we pass this resolu-
tion, why the man who made wagons for the
Army, the man who made the hulls into which
these engines were put, every man who has done
anything for the public service, either the Army
or the Navy during the pendency of this war, will
not be permitted to come to us and make just as
strong a claim, urge it just as forcibly, and be
entitled to the same sort of relief that these gen-
tlemen are. I do not think we are piepared to
listen to all these gentlemen upon such a basis
as tins.
It has been said that these contractors were
deceived in regard to the work they were to per-
form. Every man of them had the specifica-
tions. They say they had not any drawings. It is
not usual to furnish drawings; it never is usual
to furnish drawings. The specifications, every
particular of each one of the engines was given
to them in detail in connection with their contract.
As to their building the engines in exact corre-
spondence with those of the Paul Jones, that is
^affluently disproved, first, by the fact that the
specifications showed the contrary, and, m the
second place, by the fact that they were to receive
$82,000 each for these engines, while for the Paul
Jones only $44,000 was paid; and some of those
engines are not delivered to-day.
An attempt was made the other day to show
by the letters of Mr. isherwood that he had ex-
tended the time to these men. Let me read the
letter that was then read:
Navy Department,
Bureau of Steam Enuinekring,
September 12,
Gentlemen : Your letter of the 1 Itli instant lias been re-
ceived, in legaid to the time of completion oi the machinery
of llie two paddie-wheel steamer.
.Tite Department being fully awaie oftne difficulties un-
der which all contractor lor this species of woik now la-
bor. authorizes me to inform you that it will not ex.ict a
rigoiotis compliance with the strict term? of your contract,
in reganf to time and foiieiturefor delay, but, in consider-
ation of this liberality on its part, will expect you to remit
no effort and to use all possible means to complete the
contracts in the least time practicable.
B. F. ISHERWOOD,
Chief of Bureau.
Messrs. Boardman, HAlbrook St Co., Neptune Works,
New York,
Upon the condition that they will go on and do
the best in their power, the Department told them
they would not hold them to a strict performance
in point of time or in regard to forfeiture for de-
lay. I have here another letter written by the
same chief of bureau to Nelson Gurtiss, Esq.,
of the Atlantic Works,. Boston. He says, and
these, I understand, are the only two letters that
have been written on this subject:
Navy Department,
Bureau of Steam Engineering,
September lb, 186:2.
Sir : Some time since you informed me that on further
consideration you might decide to baild the machinery of
a paddle-wheel engine of fifty-eight inches diameter of
cj Imder and eight feet nine inches stroke of piston.
There still remains one of tho<e engines untaken.nnd
you can have it on the same terms the otheis have been
accepted, namely: seven months time and §82,000 price.
It is proper to add that in consideration of the difficulty of
piocurmg mateiials and labor, the Department will not be
rigorously exacting in the matter of time and iorfeiture,
provided the parties have faithfully endeavored to execute
their contract.
1 inclose herewith a blank contract for your information.
B. F. ISHERWOOD,
Chief of Bureau.
Nelson Curtiss, Esq., Atlantic Works, Boston, Massa-
chusetts.
It has been said that the Department was ex-
ceedingly anxious to secuie the taking of these
contracts. You will perceive by this letter how
anxious they were. They merely sent the papers
wuh the specifications and with a blank contract
and told them if thpy saw fit to accept it on such
terms and such time tliey could have the contract;
if they did not see fit to accept them on those
terms they need not do so. They had the con-
tract written out; the specifications were connected
with it. There was 110 trouble then in connection
wuh it.
If I deemed it necessary on this motion I would
go on and explain this thing further and analyze
what I understand to be the principles upon which
the report is based as I am prepared to do it if it
becomes necessary; but 1 trust that the amend-
ment I have submitted will be adopted. If these
parties have any claims, any equities at all, I
want them to goto the Courtof Claims, where is
some machinery by which testimony can betaken,
where the rights of the parties can be properly
adjudicated, and there have it determined. Ifwe
have not given that court jurisdiction in such
cases, amend"'the resolution and let them have
jurisdiction. 1 want to deprive 110 man of ills just
rights. If these parties are entitled to a single cop-
per, in God's name let them have it, but let us
not estublifh a precedent lieie that will be, in my
opinion, most dangeious to the Treasury.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Senator from Iowa
objects that these commiasionershuve no compen-
sation, have 110 definite powers, are required to
take 110 oath, and that the mode in which they
shall take testimony is not prescribed. I remem-
ber that a few hours ago the Senator from Iowa
moved to amend a bill by appointing a commis-
sion of precisely the same character.
Mr. GRIMES. What bill?
Mr. ANTHONY. The bill to establish a navy-
yard at Cairo. The Senator from Iowa moved
to amend it by providing for a commission. Noth-
ing was said about compensation, nothing was
said about an oath, but it was left to the Navy
Department to determine, and that is where it is
left by this joint resolution.
It is objected that this establishes a precedent.
If it does, I think it is time we established such
a precedent. What have been our precedents
heretofore At this very session we have paid
away large sums upon the opinions of a commit-
tee no better informed than the opinion of the
Naval Committee in this case, without the inter-
vention of any boaid whatever. Not long since
we gave, I think it was $15,000, to a contractor
who Iiad furnished Army wagons. The con-
tractor offered the wagons to the quartermaster,
who refused to receive them on the ground that
they weie unsuitable for the Government service,
although they had passed the inspection, pre-
scribed in the contract. The Government never
received one of those wnjaia, never received °ne
dollar of value from them, and yet this-Senate, by
a very decisive vote, in which I fuHy agreecl, paid
to the contractor' the^whole price of his wagons.
Mr. WILSON. It has not passed the House
of Representatives.
Mr. ANTHONY. It has passed the Senate.
In another case a contractor agreed to deliver a
large amount of corn at Baltimore; he brought
the corn to Baltimore; the quartermaster refused
to receive it; the corn was left on the hands of
the contractor; the market fell; and a bill was
introduced here and passed, the Senator from
Iowa, If I mistake not, advocating it, to pay the
contractor the deterioration, which was some
thousands of dollars. ' - '
Mr. GRIMES. Oh, no; I did not vote for it.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Senator's colleague in-
troduced it, and I thought the Senator always
voted with his colleague.
Mr. GRIMES. He is responsible for hisacts,
and I for mine.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think I may safely say
that in this case the Committee on Naval Affairs
have no doubt whatever that these men are en-
titled to relief, but they do. not think that they
are the proper judges of the amount of relief that
should be granted; they do not think they are
the best judges of the fact whether they are en-
titled to relief or not, and they propose to leave
it to a board of experts. The board is to be ap-
pointed by the Secretary of the Navy, and their
award is to be approved by the Secretary of the
Navy before any money can be paid out. Can
anything be fairer than thut?
The statement which the Senator from Iowa
makes upon this subject differs in many respects
from that which is made by the persons inter-
ested in this resolution, whom I believe to be very
honorable men, and nien who are not willing to
deceive the Senate; but if the statement of the
Senator from Iowa is strictly true, if he has not
been misinformed or mistaken about it, then the
board would award nothing, and ought not to
award anything. They allege that they com-
menced all the preparations for the construction
of these engines before the contract was drawn
up, before the specifications were given, and that
they did this at the request of the Department;
the Department was in great haste and could not
wait; and that when they received the contracts
and specifications they had gone so far forward
in the work of preparation that to break off would
expose them to as much loss as to go on. It is
to be taken into consideration also that the value
of engines when the Paul Jones was built is very
different from the value of engines now.
Mr. GRIMES. But these were contracted for
two years ago.
Mr. ANTHONY. After having just passed
the resolution previous to this, and I called the
attention of the Senate to what I thought was a
very faulty provision in it, 1 do not see how the
Senate can refuse to submit to a tribunal of our
appointment the allegations of these men. They
comprise a large portion of the mechanical skill
of the country. They have given their services
to the Goverrjmpntexpecting in the way of honest
business to make a profit, and they have been
very useful to the Government. They have been
disappointed 111 their profit, and 1 do not think
they ought to have any; but 1 do not think they
ought to suffer any loss. Although I believe
neither these men altogether nor any other men
in steam navigation have done anything for the
country like what Mr. Ericsson lias done, I think,
on a bare statement of this contract, allowing
nothing to the personal character and services of
the applicant, it is a far more meritorious case
than the one we have just passed. I would not
ask the committee, do not ask the Senate to make
any appropriation. They merely ask for a board
of our own appointment to examine and decide
whetherthesecontractors ought to have anything.
To send them to the Court of Claims is to send
them nowhere. You might as well send them
to the board of aldermen of the city of Washing-
ton'. The Court of Claims has no sort of juris-
diction of the case. The Court of Claims could
only award to them what they are entitled to
! under their contract, but that is not what they
| want. They do not profess to beentitled to any-
|l thing under their contract, but they allege thai
;j they are entitled to something for the services^
l! they have rendered the Government, it is not5-
