1220
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21,
amounting to $15,000. (Jnlee* they can obtain relief it ia
not difficult to foresee the matter must end. Many
of the cadets are absolutely in rag-'."
Fie writes again on the 25th of February:
Touching the aigumentss in favor of the increase o? the
cadets' pay, f beg to <-tate that two dajs smcc I suggested
to Coioiifi Cfitz. tbe commandant of tbe coip*. that during
the line weather it would be well to have lull diess pa-
rades. IUs reply was that so many of the corps were ragged
and shoeless that not enough were left to make a respect-
able show, and he thought it had better not be attempted.
Tii* i ragged squad ' is incieo-mg so rapidly that it some-
thing is not done to relieve the corps before the season of
out-(ioor exerci-crf begins, we snail not have preventable
cadets enough to make a eorpoiuP? guard that may app-'ar 1
out of the area of bai rack-*. This should not be. Some-
thing must be done, and done quick!}, livery specie* of
economy known to me, and to the other oiiict is in cnamc,
is used to eke out the inadequate pay, but wuh what re-
eulu the above statement wdl s how."
1 move the previous question.
Mr. CHANLER. 1 ask the gentleman to
allow me to make a statement.
Mr. FENTON. Certainly. I withdraw the
previous question.
Air. CHAiNLER. Mr. Speaker, I am in favor
of this proposition, because it equalized the two
institutions—the Mihtai vAcademy and the Naval
Academy—which cei tamiy should he on the same
footing. There is no reason why a discrimina-
tion should be made between them. West Point
is the older institution of the two, and has cer-
tainly furnished able and excellent illustrations
of the advantage of such a military school. A
plan has been adopted m the city of New York
which I hope will spread gradually over the whole
country, opening to the children in the public
schools the avenues of piomotion which some
gentlemen seem to think aie exclusively open to
the children of the wealthy classes. There cer-
tainly can be n'> reason why an opportunity should
not be given to the sons of the poor to get into
the Military Academy as cadets, with the same
advantages m every respect as those enjoyed by
the sons of the rich.
Mr. FENTON demanded the previous question
on the Senate amendments.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. SPALDING demanded the yeas and nays
on the pending amendment.
The yeas and nays) were not ordered.
The amendment was concurred in.
Third amendment:
Add as an additional m :
Hire. A Jim' he if further ciua fc'l, That cadets toiind de-
ficient at any ^vaminaiioii shall not be continued at the
Military Aead< m.v oi be u- ippooued, except upon the* i> e-
ominondauo;, oi the a' ad"mte buaid.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is imt that tin- [,uv now?
Mr. FHNTON. It js substantially the j iac-
tice at {u'.yent. Thn the matter to the
academic board.
The am"!idment w;h concurred m.
Fourth amendment:
Add the billow,ng a^ an adduional section :
Hkc. 5. ~hni hi' it jurlher diu<trTnat no part of the
money hmeby apjiropnated «hail be app^-d to tne -uppo.t
or p.i\ ot'anv e.ub t- heieutter appointed not oi i oniornuty
with the i xpru>'. pi*iivi -4oii-. '<( law i enularnig app-nntim nN
(if e;\i!er-< at that \.%ademy ; and that unUl the lehelhon m
suppres-'*d tnc President -hall be .uuiun i/,"d to appoint a
cadet :or 'Men eonine- -'oua! d litre 1r< d i epr" -. •.  t* <! in tin1
Hou-eof Uppre-mtauves to be m beted tiom til" merito-
rious and (i'.'aervni'j vosin;; -oUiiers m the re<juhu and vol-
unteer lureei oi tbi-' ")isieil Mate*, to be apportioned among
the iew)< etive M.Ue-, 'li'iir i« may lu. according to the
population ot Mid Siute^.
Mr. FFNTON . Tho Commit toe of Ways and
M eans recommend that the amendment of the
Senate be concuned in with the following amend-,
mem:
Strike out aU after the wordAcademy,1'and in lieu
there.;i itiseit tne following.
And th it for one y-at (torn Use l^t day of July n<vxt one
additional e;uJe*toj eacii di-".net shall be appointed a-> now
piovuied by jaw.
The amend ivh fit to the amendment was agreed to.
Tho nate amondmonf, a<< amended, was con-
curred m.
Mr. FENTON nvv- d to reconsider the vofp
by which th'5 Senate anu>ndmi.pts weie concuned
in; and also moved that the mofoori to reconsider
be ia:d upon the : side.
The latter ;„n;iu!i was agieed to.
NIYIUXAI, CL"li:iI^\CY HILL.
Mi. A. \V. C1.ARM, from ih^ (\)inm'tte^ on
Prtiitr'ig, reoorted back the .'ediowirir lescdutioa,
and demanded the previous question on its adop-
tion:
Renoh-cd, That th* re be prinfed for the \u c of the mem-
! bers of the flou«" thice thousand extra cop'es of the bill of
! the Houm' No. '333, to prov.de a national cur.'fney secured
i by a psedge of Unsrfd Huue* Htock^, and to provide lor the
! cireuiatio'n and redemption thereof, the .same to be r.i pam-
phlet torm.
The previous question was seconded, and the
ma>n question otdered, and under-the operation
thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. A. W. CLARK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the lesolution was adopted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PRINTING OF THE LAWS.
Mr. A. W. CLARK, by unanimous consent,
introduced the following resolution; which was
referred to the Committee on Printing:
Resolved, That tin* Supeuntendent of Public Printing.-hull
cause to b<* punted otic thousand copies ol all law-i and joint
resolutions immediately upon their pa-sage foi the u-e of
uiemb'Mi oi the Ilou-efand shall, in addition thereto, cau->e
to be printed and bound, at the end of the session, five
thousand copies thereot lor the above use.
PORT OF PORTLAND, MAINS.
Mr. SWEAT, by unanimous consent, intro-
i duced a bill piovidmg that the port of Portland,
Maine, shall bo placcd upon the same basis as the
ports (numerated in the ninth section of the act
approved May 7, 1832, entitled "An act further
to establish the compensation of officers of cus-
toms, and to alter certain collection districts, and
for other purposes;" which was rend a fust and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
FRENCH SIIIP IjA MANCIUI,
Mr. STEBB1NS moved that the Committee of
the Whole House on the Private Cnlendai bedis-
ohai£>ed fiom the fuither consideration of Senate
hill No. 1412, for the uiiet of the owneis of the
French ship La Manche, and that it be put on its
passage.
The motion was a^ued to.
Tho bill was ordered to a third reading; and it
was accordingly read the thiid time, and passed.
Mr. STEIiBINvS moved to reconsider the vote
by winch the hill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
tabic.
The latter motion was agreed to.
I-UiKT PWMASTKUS, ETC.
RICE, of Massachusetts, by unanimous
Mr
concern, muvduod the following bills; which
woe read a fust ami second time, and u-fened to
the Committee on Na\al AiTaus:
A hill authorizing the appointment of fleet, pay-
rnast( rs and ileet on^meeis; and
A hill to provide for the education of naval con-
structors and engineers at the Naval Academy,
and for other purposes.
MARY E. IIAZZARD.
Mr. DUMONT, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a hill for the relief of Mrs. Mary F. Haz-
zard, wife of the late Captain Georgo W. Hnr.zard,
who died of wounds received at the battle of White
Oak Swamp, Virginia; which was read u first
and second 'ime,and leferred to the Committee
on Military AlFairs.
NAVAL A#D MILITARY PENSIONS.
Mr. PERIIAM,by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
I1 Resolve3, That the Committer on invalid Pensions be
h mstuH-U d to inquire win ther any further legislatuui is up.
i; eessnry to equah/.e tin1 naval and military pensions, and
i[ report by bill or otherwise.
UNITED STAXKS PROPERTY AT ST. LOUIS.
Mr. BLOW, by unmimous consent, intro-
il duced a hill t'. adjust the southern boundary of
p the United States reservation powder magazine
i', and marine hospital tract; which was read a first
i| and second time, and referred to the Committee
:: on Public Lands.
ij ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
!' Mr. S f EVFiNV. I now move to postpone the
■; iq iciyl "rder, and that the House lesolve itself
1. mto the Coiomittee of the Whole on the state of
- the Union on the Army appropriation bill.
The motion wys agreed to.
So the House resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Wilson in the chair,) and proceeded to the con-
! sideration of the bill (H. R. No. 108) making np-
; pfopnations for the support of the Army for the
yea* ending June oQ, 1865.
The bill was first read through, and subse-
quently read by clauses for amendment.
The clause having been read making appropri-
ation for the transportation of the Army, &c.,
Mr. KERNAN said: I move to amend by in-
serting at the end thereof the following proviso:
Piovided, That no part of the moneys hereby appropri-
ated shall be twpended tor the transportation ot prr&ons
emp!o>( d in the civil depai tment of the Government to or
from their homos at the public expense.
In offeiing this amendment I desire to call the
attention of the House to abuses which 1 believe
to have been practiced, and which, if practiced,
ccrtainly should be stopped. This bill, and this
part of it with others, appropriates large sums for
transportation. We recently passed a bill appro-
priating large sums, and many millions beyond
the estimates. Now, sir, 1 have been informed,
and upon atuhouty so good tha-t if a committee
be appointed to examine it I think it can be proved,
that very large sums of the public moneys wcie
expended last year for the purpose of the trans-
poitation of persons employed in the civil depart-
ment of the G-ovei nment to their homes and back
again. It was done for the purpose of enabling
those persons to vote in the States where they
resided.
Now, sir, it is very proper that persons hold-
ing eleikships here should, if they see fit, go home
to vote; b.u it is very improper that they should
be sent home by thousands, as I have been in-
formed they have been, every man of them hav-
ing a ticket which transposed him at the public
expense, as though they had been soldiers going
to and fiom tho war. I do not state this, of
couise, of my own knowledge; but I do notstate
it upon mere rumor. I believe ! can name per-
sons who, if sworn, will have to testify that com-
mittees came to the Departments in this city from
the State of Pennsylvania and from other States,
that clerks were interrogated how they would
vote, and every man who said he would vote in
favor of the Republican candidate had a furlough
of two weeks without loss of pay, and was fur-
nished transportation home and back, and at the
public expense, as I am led to believe.
Now, 1 am sure this House would not sanction
such a practice. It is an outrage upon the Treas-
my, and I have desired to put a proviso m this
bill which shall call attention to the fact that Con-
gress and the law prohibit the transportation of
civil employes of the Government home at the
public expense for the purpose of voting, or for
any other purpose. If they choose to visit their
homes they must visit them at then own expense,
as every oth< r employe not a soldier in the Army
must do. Abuses, 1 am informed, have been
practiced to a very large extent, men being se-
lected out because they would vote in a particular
direction, and then furnished with transportation
home, they all the time drawing their pay and
doing no duty during the two weeks. Now, if
they go homo to vote, let them go like any other
citizens, at their own expense, and do riot let us
saddle the Treasury with any such corrupt ex-
penditure of the public money.
Mr. STEVENS. There is no necessity for
this amendment, unless u be intended as an im-
plied censure upon times past. The bill does not
authorize any such expenditure. On the other
| hand U confines it entiiely to the military service
of the country.
But the gentleman from New York [Mr. Keii-
nan] has been entirely misled, for if he had known
the truth he would not have said what he has
said; I am quite sure that his candor would have
prevented him from making such statements if
he had known the truth. I therefore take it that
he has been deceived by what he supposes to be
correct information, but which is not. I venture
to say that the gentleman does not affirm it upon
his own knowledge. The gentleman may hunt
through the Departments,and examine into every
case of a clerk who went home to vote, or upon
any o:her business, about the time of the elec-
tion, and Iw will hnd that in no cd3e has trans-
portation been furnished Dy the Government.
1 know that so far as Pennsylvania is concerned,
