8172
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 22,
as in the case of the Army wagons and of the com
to which I have alluded, where we paid men for
losses they hnd sustained in which the Govern-
ment received no corresponding advantage, but.
for every dollar that these contractors have ex-
pended beyond the amount that they contracted
to be paid tiie Government has the full advantage;
or if it has not, then the board will award them
nothing and ought to award them nothing.
Mr. CLARK. Will the Senator allow me to
interrupt him ?
Mr. ANTHONY. Certainly.
Mr. CLARK. I desire to inquire of the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island what it is that these men
claim, whether they claim that they have done
work beyond their contract and not specified in
their contract.
Mr. ANTHONY. They do.
Mr. GRIMES. Oh, no.
Mr. ANTHONY. They so claim.
Mr. CLARK. And they have done it by or-
der of the Department?
Mr. ANTHONY. They so allege.
Mr. CLARK. Then 1 submit if that be so
the Court of Claims is ample for their remuner-
ation because it would be a claim founded upon
a contract express or implied. They would have
a claim for what they had done under the ex-
press contract and also a claim for what they had
done under the implied contiact beyond the ex-
press contract, if they prove the work; and if
"tlu-y piove they did it by express order of the
Navy Department, though it might not be a writ-
ten contract it would be an express verbal con-
tract, and the Court of Claims now by law has
jurisdiction over all such cases, and there is no
necessity for passing this resolution.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think there is a claim
equitably, not legally. There is no legal claim
whatever.
Mr. CLARK. Then it cannot be on the ground
on which the Senator states it and on the ground
stated in the resolution. If they claim larger
pay for woi k done under a contract and for which
the contract does not provide, and if they,in
equity, ought to have that, that is another and a
distinct matter; hut if that be so I never would
allow a commission to be appointed to examine
such a number of claims as these, twenty-eight
or twenty-nine, and then make their report to the
Secretaiy of the Navy, and if he approve it he
shall order the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
all those claims.
I think 1 khall submit a few remarks to my
colleague if ho is the father of this resolution upon
the indefinite appropriation of money. I desire
before we appropriate the money or authorize
anybody to pay it that we should know what is
the amount we are to pay. The most that I would
do Willi a commission of'this kind would be this:
possibly—I am not certain that I would do that
— I would authorize the raising of a commission
to examine into these claims and see what in
• quity and justice these men ought to icceive, if
anything, beyond their contract, if they have
done work beyond their contiact, or if they did
not have a fair and equitable pay, and then lot
the hoard report to the Secretary of the Navy and
he send the repou to Congress to let Congress
determine what is to be paid after we have ascer-
tained what they have done and precisely what
they clam).
Now we are in this position, as 1 understand it,
no Senatoi yet tells u« what this claim is. The
Senator from Rhode Island first states that the
claim im a legal one and then says it is an equita-
ble claim, iiefore I will consent that this com-
mission shall determine upon that, I want to
know what the claim is; I want to have the claim
examined;! want them to make a report of what
they find to be the facts and the equities of the
case, and then let us pass upon it. I do not like
thus appropi iation in advance and then an exam-
ination Lifiei wards, i do not think it wise.
I do not mean to prejudge these claims. I do
not mean to say that these men arc not entitled to
something, for I do not know anything about it.
If they are entitled to anything under their con-
tract, or for work done by oidei of the Secretary
of the Navy beyond the contract, then the Court
of Chums is ample lor them. It is a court where
testimony can be properly taken, the parties heaid,
a regular judgment had, and the money paid.
If they claim upon equitable grounds that they
have not been fairly paid for the work they have
done, that the work cost them a great deal more
thun they expected, and claim in such a way that
we ought to pay them something, then I want to
know the ground of the claim before I vote the
pay. I do not want to vote the pay first and ex-
amine it afterwards. I want to know how much
these gentlemen are entitled to have. An equita-
ble claim of this kind, especially of so large an
amount, because there are twenty-eight of them,
will take a great deal of money out of the Treas-
ury, -and we pass it blindly if we pass this resolu-
tion giving them just what this commission on
the approval of the Secretary of the Navy shall
say they ought to have.
I submit whether they should not first come to
Congress and let us see what they are entitled to
have and let us pass upon it. I think in a case of
this kind we ought to hold the purse-strings and
not the Secretary of the Navy. He has made
his contracts, the contracts have been executed,
and piobably paid the contract price. 1 do not
know how that is; but we are asked now for
something beyond the contract price on some
equitable ground or for some reason or other ar
these parties would notbehere. I desire to know
on what ground they stand, what amount they
desire, and what their claim is to that amount
before 1 vote it. As I said before I do not know
but that they are entitled to it, and I shall cheer-
fully vote for it if they are. 1 will not hold any
of these men down to any xigid, non lule, if they
have served the country and arc deserving, be-
cause they unfortunately for themselves made a
contract. I will be harsh to no man, bur at the
same time I desire to see that they do not defraud
the Government. Let them state their Case fairly
and equitably to the Government before we vote
to pay it.
Mi. ANTHONY. I must confess my surprise
that after the vote we have just passed giving, I
suppose, $600,000 or $800,000 in addition to the
contract pi ice, these objections of every kind,
not one of which was raised in the preceding case,
should be brought to this?. The Senator from
New Hampshire says I have stated that the case
was both legal and equitable. I do not under-
stand it to be a legal claim at all. 1 undeistand
it to be puiely an equitable claim. For a legal
claim they have their legal remedy; for an equita-
ble claim they have no remedy except here. They
have served their Government and their country
faithfully. They have given their mechanical
skill, their capital, and their time to the service
of the Navy. Of course they have had a hard
contract, as almost any contractors must have for
materials and work under the constant deprecia-
tion of the currency; but for that they neither ask
nor aie they entitled to ask for any consideration.
But if, as they allege, they have tendered to the
Government dliferent and more valuable work
from what they agreed to do, I submit that we do
not do them justice, we do not do ourselves jus-
tice, we do not do the country justice if we turn
them from our doors without a hearing.
These parties ask for relief; they ask us to do
for them as has been done for Mr. Ericsson, as
was done in the case which my friend from New
Hampshire [Mr. Clark] examined, and which
I concurred m, for the contractor for the Army
wagons, as was done m the case brought forward
by the Senator from Iowa [Mr. Harlan] for the
corn contractor; hut the Committee on Naval
Affairs have not followed those precedents. We
have not given them the measure of relief that
we think they ate entitled to, because we do not
think we can fah 1 y estimate it; but we ask that
a tribunal of the Government erected for that
puipose shall leportto the Secretary of the Navy
what, after a full examination, in the opinion of
experts they are entitled to, and then, if the Sec-
retary of the Navy concurs with that opinion,
they may be paid for the amount of work they
have furnished to the Government beyond what
they agreed to do.
Mr. HENDRICKS. According to the state-
\\ ment of the facts of this case made by the Senator
!j from iowa it presents just this question for the
decision of the Senate: whether, where men have
made a contract with the Government during this
war, and the contract has not resulted m a profit
to them, we wili make it up and give them a
profit outsideof and beyond the contract; in other
words, whether the Government insures every
man that contracts with her during this war that
he shall make a profit. _ If the Senate is ready to
take that position, which is a plain one and a
naked one, then we can vote for this resolution
upon the statement of facts presented by the Sen-
ator from Iowa.
Mr. GRIMES. Lest I may have been mis-
taken in my statement of facts, will the Senator
allow me to send to the Secretary and have read
a letter from the Secretary of the Navy ? It will
be seen from that whether I am right or whether
the Senator from Rhode Island is right.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It can be read in a few-
minutes. If we take the case as stated by the
Senator from Rhode Island it is this: a contract
was made between the Government and these
parties for the construction of these engines at
a stipulated price according to specifications, or
at least the engines were to be made of the size
and style of a certain engine agreed upon as the
model and standard; but after the contract was
made the Government required the engine to be
largerand a better work, if that be the case, then
how do these parties stand? I do not claim that
in such a case they would be required to do the
work at a greater cost upon a different motlel than
the contract contemplated at the same price; but
the law would be simply this: there is an implied
contract between them and the Government that
they shall have beyond the contract price the dif-
ference between the model and the work as re-
quired by the Government, but the original con-
tract piice shall be the standard so far as it can
be applied even to the additional work. That
would bo the law between individuals. Then if
this is an implied contract between the Govern-
ment and the contractors, as it would be in alike
case between individuals, the parties have now
under the existing law adequate and complete re-
lief in the Court of Claims, because it is founded
upon contract, and jurisdiction is given to the
Court of Claims already overclaims growing out
of a contract; and this is an implied contract be-
tween the Government and the parties that the
Government will pay foradduional work required
beyond the model which was the standard m the
contract.
I do not think it is necessary even to vote for the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Iowa,
because these contractors have their remedy in the
Couit of Claims under the implied con tract,and the
Court of Claims in numerous decisions, as I un-
derstand , although I have not read them—I have
received my information mainly from the chair-
man of the Committee on Claims on that subject
—have lecognized implied contracts between the
Government and citizens that the Government is
to pay whatatbmgis teasonably worth, where,in
the same state of facts between individuals, the
party benefited would be required to pay. It is
plain law. If a man contracts with a mechanic
to build him a house according to specifications
and plans and drawings, and afterwards by agree-
ment between the parties the house is required
to be made of larger dimensions or of a different
style of woik, the additional cost must be paid,
but the price agreed upon is to be tho standard so
far as it can be applied, and there is an implied
contract for the payment of this enhanced price
of the work. That applies between the Govern-
ment and individuals, and it seems to me these
parties have adequate relief in the Court of Claims
according to the statement of the Senator from
Rhode Island.
Then, Mr. President, if they have a relief in
the Court of Claims, ought Congress to create an
extraoidinary tribunal for the decision of their
case? Why, sir, the Court of Claims has" its
machinery by which it can ascertain the rights
of the Government as well as the rights of the
claimants; it has its solicitors, its means of bring-
ing testimony before it; and I think it is the
proper tribunal to try a case where the claim
rests upon contract. 1 am not in favor and do not
expect to vote to pay a party by special legisla-
tion or to create special and extraordinary tribu-
nals whoie the paity has a complete and adequate
remedy in the Court of Claims. Let him go there
where the general law sends all citizens.
Mr. JOHNSON. The controversy, as I un-
deistand it, between those who support the reso-
lution as lecommeuded by the Committee on
Naval Affairs and those who oppose it is not so
much against the propriety of making an allow-
