186'4.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
175
possession of the Government, to continue the sg-
giandizemmit of (heir leaders, great and small, by
almost conn ilcss offices and employments, by my-
nads of plundering contracts, and by putting up to
sale the largest amount of spoils that were ever
offered to market by any Government on earth.
1 heir object is" * * * * 44 to destroy
or banish and strip of their property all the pro-sla-
very people, secessionists and anti-secessionists,
loyal and disloyal, combatants and non-combat-
an(s," # # # # "and to distribute the
lauds of the subjugated people, as was done by the
Roman conquerors of their own countrymen;"
* # * * "also to enslave the white man by
trampling under foot the laws and Constitutions
of the United States and the States, by the power
of his subsidized Atmy, and,lest it should falter,
by hundtcdg of thousands of negro janizaries,
organized for that purpose by the Secretary of
War and the Adjutant General." Who can doubt,
after reading these declarations and these denuncia-
tions of and charges against the " present execu-
tive Government of the United States;" against
"Abraham Lincoln" by name, and "his office-
holders and followers; against "the Secretary
of \Var"a d the "Adjutant General;"andfinally
against the " subsidized Army " and " negro jau-
izaiies," that these are the " war leaders" against
whom the "people of the North," as declared
by the Senator, "ought to revolt?" Sir, after
such a declaration, and such an array of charges
to make it good,are we to be told that the Senator
from Kentucky did not mean what he said and
took so much pains to enforce and justify? Are
we to be told that he only meant to vote down
peaceably at the polls this war, levied, as the
Senator asserts, against States, this "Abraham
Lincoln," " hisofnce-holdeis and followers," this
"subsidized Atmy," and these " negro janiza-
ries," this " Secretary of War," and "Adjutant
General?" A most lame and impotent conclu-
sion,to revolt ngmnstexecutive treasonand usurp-
ation, against duly constituted authorities and
duly organized armies, by a vote! If the Sen-
ator meant only this, how easily he might have
said it. if ho meant only thi?, why did he not
say the people ought to vote down at the elec-
tions, duly to be held, the Executive, his office-
holders and followeis, his Secretary of War, Ad-
jutant General,subsidized Army,and negro jani-
■zaries? No, sir; no man can lay his hand on his
heart and say that this was all that was meant.
Is that all that is meant by the sixteenth resolu-
tion, which declares that as " the Constitution and
laws alibi d no means to exclude from the office of
President a man appointed to it by mihlanj power,"
or who js declared to be chosen to it by reason of
" ike suppression of tlie freedom of elections," the
"people of the United States would be incompe-
tent to defend and unwoithyto have received the
riUi heritage of freedom bequeathed to them by
their fathers, if they permit that great office so to
be filled?"
" Revolt," says the Senator, venly the people
"ought to revolt," against the President, Abra-
ham Lincoln, and his followers, because he has
thus suppressed t lie freedom of elections in Dela-
ware, Maryland, Missouri, and Kentucky; be-
cause his object is backed by a subsidized Ai my,
and hundreds of thousands of negro janizaries,
to perpetuate his ptuty power! If the Senate
should pass these lesoliuions, as the Senator
ftom Kentucky proposes! it shall do, can any man
doubt that the Senators voting for their passage
would, before God and the country, be guilty of
inciting or attempting to incite the people to re-
volt against their duly chosen President, and the
executive officers clothed with authority under
htm ? Sir, suppose a resolution should be offered
in the Senate' reciting that " Abraham Lincoln"
has levied war upon several loyal States and part'?
of States, and is now endeavoring, by a " subsi-
dized Army," and "hundreds of thousands of
negro janizaries" being organized and arm<-'d by
the " Secretary of War" and the " AdjutantGen-
eral," to appoint himself military dictator, and
thereby "enslave white men by trampling under
foot the Constitution and the laws of the United
States," therefore be it resolved by the Senate
that the people of the loyal States ought to revolt
and rise in insurrection against the X3rcsident, the
Secietary of War, and the Adjutant General, hurl
them from power, and " take this great matter into
their own bands;" wherein would it differ in sub-
stance or in fact from the resolutions proposed by
the Senator from Kentucky? Who can pointout
the difference between this proposition and the
doctrines embodied in the resolutions of the Sen-
ator fiom Kentucky?
The Senate, Mr. President, ought not, in my
judgment, to tolerate for a day or for an hour in
this Chamber any man who dares thus to betray
the high trust of the people. The Senate of the
United States in this " dark and troubled night"
of our history owes it to the country whose Con-
stitution it has sworn to support to see that'pro-
jects of conspiracy, against the constituted au-
thorities shall not be thrust upon it by its own
members. It was long ago settled in the case of a
Senator, by a large majority of the Senate, that
one of its members might be expelled for treason-
able acts, even though committed elsewhere than
in the Senate. It is, therefore, too late to say that
the Senate is not authorized to expel at once and
forever from its, councils a member who openly
proposes revolt against the executive department
of the Government, and denounces as a subsidized
army the brave defenders of the Republic, of its
homes and hearthstones, against armed treason.
In other days these Chambeis rang with menaces
of disunion and civil war. The men who uttered
these words of meditated treason told the people
of'the South what the Senator from Kentucky
now tolls the people of the North, that they ought
to revolt against the Government and take the
matter into their own hands. Under the lead of
these rebel chiefs whose treasonable words once
rang through these halls of legislation the people
of the South did revolt against the authority of
the Government, took the power into their own
hands, and plunged the nation into the crimes and
horrors of civil war. Who among us does not
now regret that the Senate of the United States
did not hurl headlong from this Chamber those
rebel chiefs even as the rebel angels were hurled
from the battlements of heaven ? But these dis-
loyal leaders, these champions of the slavcmon-
gcis, whose hearts were sweltering with treason,
never nxide in the Senate a proposition so uncon-
stitutional and revolutionary, treasonable and
wicked, as is this pioposition of the Senator ftom
Kentucky. Never, sir; never. Unroll the records
of the Senate and you can find no proposition of
Davis, ofSlidell, of Mason, of Toombs, of Ben-
jamin, or their compeers in crime, so insurrec-
tionary, icvolutionary, and infamous as is this
appeal, when the nation is staggering under the
blows of armed treason, to the people to " revolt
against their war leaders." IIow sublime a thing
U would be, in this ciisis of our countiy, for the
Senate of the U.uited States to-rise to the heights
of a stern and lofty duty and cast out one who
has dated t«-Il a loyal people to revolt against their
Government and take its powers into their own
hands. Such an act of avenging patriotism would
fire the loyal heart of America, silence the mut-
tcungs of tieason, and nerve the arms of the he-
roes who are battling and bleeding for the unity
of the Republic.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I piesume there
are other gentlemen in the Senate who intend to
advocate this resolution. I have been so in formed:
I so believe. That being the fact, sip, I should
like to have the benefit of the full argument against
me before I attempt to reply. I therefore hope
that any gentleman who feels disposed to sustain,
in debate, the lesolution offered by the Senator
from Massachusetts will give me an opportunity
to hear him before I am called upon to lcsnond.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Senator ftom Ma&sa- (
chusetts, who introduced the resolution, has been j
he<ird. It, would be, certainly, very desirable, i
b'efore the Senate comes to action upon thisieso- i
Union, to hear the Senator from Kentucky; and j
further, in my opinion it would be advisable that |
this resolution should be referred, as a matter of i
course, to a committee before it is acted upon by
the Senate. I had intended myself, if no other
Senator did so, to move its reference after the Sen-
ator from Kentucky should have been heaid. The
subject is too impoitantto be disposed of sum-
muiily without reference to a committee. Fur-
thermore, sir, I desire that it should be referred j
so that the discussion may not be continued in- !
definitely upon the resolution, but that we may i
go on with the business of the Senate. The en- j
rollment bill, which is before us at the present I
time, it seems to me, having been under consid- I
eration some two or three days, ought to be
finished. Mr. President, if the Senator from Ken-
tucky desires to be heard, 1 would prefer to hear
him now; and when he has been heard I shall,
if no other Senator does, ask th$t the subject be
referred to the committee having charge of such !
matters*
Mr. DAVIS. I am ready on this occasion, and
on all others, to submit myself to the pleasure and
the judgment of the Senate. If.it is more agree-
able to the Senate, or to a portion of the Senate,
that I should now say something in reply to the
indictment and the speech in the opening of the
prosecution by the Senator from Massachusetts, "
I am ready to proceed. It is not forme to suggest
to the Senate what course it shall take in relation
to this grave matter. It may not be very grave
as it relates to the public and to the country or Jo
the Senate, but it is certainly so in relation to my-
self, and I am willing to meet its gravity. I am
perfectly willing now, sir, to make areply to the
Senator from Massachusetts, and then that the
Senate shall act upon the subject according to its
pleasure, whether by reference to a committee or
by taking any other course which it may choose
to take. I would, however, suggest tftthe Senate
that if the debate takes this course, then, when
other gentlemen shal I have made arguments in sup-
port of the resolution, I shall h&veafufl and a free
opportunity to respond to their arguments as far
as I may deem it proper.
I will then, Mr. President, proceed now in reply,
to (he Senator from Massachusetts, but prelimi-
narily to that duty, I will ask of the Senate the
com tesy that the Secretary be allowed to read the
resolutions at length.
The VICE PRESIDENT. ■ They will be read
if there he no objection. Does the Senator mean
the resolutions submitted by him?
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir. The prosecution is a
little enlarged this morning. On the previous day
it seemed to be limited to a single resolution, but
the Senator from Massachusetts seems to spread
it now over the whole series, and he has entered
somewhat upon a discussion of the principle of
most of ihem. I therefore ask that all the reso-
lutions submitted by me be read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection, and the resolutions will be read.
The Secretary read the following resolutions
submitted by Mr. Davis on the 5th instant:
]. Resolved, That the Government of |hc United States
was established hy the people of States which had befoie
been separate, «.ovc'iuign, and independent;*and they formed
their common national Government by a wutten Constitu-
tion, and delegated to iiso-mueh oi theli soveieiyn political
powet as ihey adjudged to bo nece^-saiy and pioper to enable
it to manage all then affans with foreign nations and among
the sevetal Suite*; and. both by it^ leading principle and an
express piovwon, they icfeeived "to the States respectively,
or to ihe people,  .ill " powet.s not delegated to the United
State*, nor piolnbited by it to the States."
^!. Ziesoiftrt/rjiutoursystem eons ibis of <i limited national
Government lor the whole Suited State*, of buprcnte au-
thority as to all the power* with which the Constitution has
invented it; and Slate governments lor each State, formed
by the people theieol, and holding the entue icsiduum of
political sovt'ioimiiy within then re>pecttve States, each
government, wuhm its sphere, being alike supreme. And
as lho Governor and all other civil and militaiy oflicers of
the Snites, sii other individuals, may commit tieason against
the United States hy '* levying war against them, or in ad-
hering to then enemies, giving them aid and comfoH/' so
the Piesidcnt of the United State?, and the civil and mili-
tary otheei^ ihei^of, maj commit treason against any State
whose governments in the performance of its duties under
the Federal Constitution, hy levying war against it, or in
adhering to itb enemies, giving theiu aid and comfort, as
lesisting with an aimed toree the execution of its laws,
or adhumg to such aimed foice, giving it aidandeom-
fOIT.
3. Rcsnlvah That in all the States and parts of States
wheie the lavv.s oi the United States and the States can he
executed, the militaiy authorities: should not be brought into
conflict with the civil power, hut should be stiietly held to
be, as tiiev rightfully aie. in subordination to it.
4. licsolrcd,That all elections to civil offices, JFedcia! oi
Slate, should be in stnot accordance with the Constitution
and i.uv« of the United States, and of ihe Slates lespect-
ively, and he conducted by offieets appointed by the pioper
autnoiities tor that purpose ; and where, ftom the pietensc
or epprchemion oi' toree, violence, or othereause, any elec-
tion cannot be  o conducted,it ought not to be held at all;
■md eveiv election at which any uulitaiy force may inter-
fete by imposing additional oaths or qualifications of the
elector-, or nuruSatinns for conducting the &aid election, or *
by chancing or modiiymsj the oath* and qualifications of
the elector.; or iemulations to govern it a? provided bylaw,
<u to constrain, control, or duect the ofheers of such elec-
tion in conducting it, should be held to be void and of no
eifect.
5. ILsiolvcd. That the experienceofthe worldpiovesthat
tlieie can he'neither security nor liberty in any country
without wise and just laws firmly sustained and uniformly
executed. Th.it i-> the life, the t-pirif, the «oul of litis na-
