1222
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21,
while we were waiting for the hour of opening ;
court. I stated whatl then heard upon every stump j
last fall upon which I was during the State canvass; !
I never heard it denied; I never saw it denied in
any paper; and I do not think it would be denied
in the State of Pennsylvania. I said on all occa-
sions that I held myself responsible for what I
said, that I had the proof, and the witnesses,and
named them.
And now I will state what was said. I cannot
remember the time at which this conversation
took place, but I well remember it was after the
great issues now being decided befoie the country
upon the field had become imminent, but before
any outbreak had occurred, and possibly before
any State had actually seceded, though of this 1
am not sure- But it was common talk in the
country that this thing was going to be. On that
occasion the gentleman who was the candidate for
Governor last fall opposed to the Unionists in
the State of Pennsylvania, in the supreme court
room, in the presence of probably some of his fel-
low judges, certainly in the presence of the bar
of the district I represent, and without any pre-
tense to secrecy, but aloud m public conversation,
said that if a dj vision took plac^ between the Noi th
and the South he wanted the dividing' line to go
north of Pennsylvania, i remember the circum-
stance very well, foi 1 had never heard such a thing
fall from the lips of any Pennsylvaman before.
Mr. KELLEY. I renew the assertion,quali-
fying it only m that he was not on the bench but
was waiting at the steps to ascend if, there being
five minutes oftimc before the argument-Ust could
properly be calied, that Geor«e W. Woodward
did make the remark I attributed to him; and I
say further that no man who values his character
for veracity has contradicted it or will contradict
it, for the bar of two counties certify to it.
Sir, X say that, knowing the character of the
Democratic candidate for Governor, knowing or
believing as they did that the results of neaily
three years of bloody war depended upon the elec-
tion, the loyal people of Pennsylvania, clueily, to
their praise be it spoken, of Philadelphia, con-
tributed their thousands and tens of thousands of
dollars, and .selected from among themselves men
of integrity and character to execute their noble
purpose, and thus ennied to the mountains and
valleys and towns and cities of Pennsylvania the
wounded and stricken xoMiets who, unable to
serve their country upon the field, might protect
her at the ballot-bo.xes. And, sir, in thu« expend-
ing their money they relieved thousands of hiavo
men from the monotony of the hospitals in which
they longed for the comforts and joys of home,
and seemed ijiem the light winch that same can-
didate had, as jud^re of the supieme* cuuit, hy a
doubtful decision, denied them.
1 can also speak for otht r States and for the
men at the head of our Government. Away back
in the early pait of last sptnig,whon the snow
covered the surface of New England, it was my
privilege to as&ist. in the campaign m Now Hamp-
shire, and 1 know that those people, whose souls
are smd by the chivalry of the South to be of less
value to them than their dollars, contributed from
the wenlth they extract by unremitting industi y
from their thm and ban en sod thousands of doiktis
to biing their brave sick and wounded sold/eis
home; and 1 know the cleika m the Depai tmuits
from the two States of New Hampshire and Penn-
sylvania made up by general confiibution a fund
to beat the expenses ol those whocould not atfbid
themselves to go home, in all this no Govern-
ment conveyance and no dollar of public money
was used. And I unite with my distinguished
colleague in asking the gentleman, [Mr. Jveiixaks]
as a duty pertaining to a man of'honor, to indi-
cate to the Government that one of its employes
who thus slandeis it and tiies to bring it into
disrepute With the loyal people, and I cast buck
his aspersion of the State and city which 1 have
the honor in pait to represent.
Mr. STILES. I understood my colleague to
say that this conversation with Judge Woodward
took place in November of last year?
Mr. BROOM ALL. Oh, no.
Mr. KELLEY. If my colleague will yield to
me for a moment I will iix the nine within a few
mon ths.
Mr. STILES. 1 beg my colleague's pardon;
I thought he fixed a tunc.
Mr. KELLEY, 1 say that I will fix the time.
Mr. STILES. It now turns out that this con-
versation took place before tiny State had seccded
from this Union—before this war, long before this
war; and I say to my colleague that this slander,
which was circulated all over the State of Penn-
sylvania, was dated since hostilities commenced,
and was refuted all over that Commonwealth,
denied through the press and denied by Judge
Woodward himself.
My colleague says that certain money was raised
in the State of Pennsylvania for the purpose of
transporting these soldiers to their homes that
they might vote. I say here, upon undoubted
authoiity, that that fund was-raised in the city of
Philadelphia by contractors under the Govern-
ment. Twenty-five hundred dollars were paid by
one individual having a contract in that city, and
tiie fund was altogether made up by money raised
from contractors who were plundering this Gov-
ernment.
Sir, we have heard these slanders against the
Democratic candidate for Governor of Pennsyl-
vania from the beginning of tins session of Con-
gress. I say to my colleague that, in his own
city of Philadelphia, men who had no residence
in ihut city, who were confined in hospitals—I
have it from the best authority—-were allowed to
vote in that gubernatorial election.
Mr. KELLEY. Will my colleague yield to
me for a moment?
Mr. STILES. Oh yes, let him speak.
Mr. KELLEY. Will my colleague deny that
Judge Woodward ever used that language to the
bat of Chester ayd Delaware counties?
Mr. STILES, if he did, it was a conditional
sta tement.
Mr. KELLEY. Then you decline to answer
my,C{ue.ynon ?
Mr. STILES The remark was entirely un-
meamnjg, if he made U, for no hostilities had then
broken out, no date of the conversation is fur-
nished. Tins remark was made in private con-
versation between Judge Woodward and gentle-
men who were then present, and it received no
word of dissent f<om any of the gentlemen pres-
ent at tin1 time. It was only m a contingency
that that reaiaik was made to apply, if made at
ail; whh h was the contingency of a separation',
and yet it was brought up against Judge Wood-
waul when he beenme u prominent candidate for
Governor of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania,
and never until then.
Mr. L'KOOMALL. My colleague will allow
me to say that he in mistaken in the idea that that
remark of Judge Woodward was received with
no won] of dissent. More than one of those
present expressly dissented from it, and one of
them, in particular, with a considerable degree
of u\u mfh.
Mr. STILES. Who was that?
Mr. WiOOMALL. Mr. William Darlington,
of West Chester.
Mr. STILES. Did my colleague who has just
taken his seat join m the publication of those re-
marks of J ml«e Woodward?
Mr. JJUOOiViALL. I never published those
remarks (Xeept from the stump, and I never
heard them denied, and I never saw any denial of
them in the State of Pennsylvania.
Mi. STILES. Then my colleague never read
tlie newspsoeis in the State.
Mr. MALLOUY. If the gentleman will yield
to me, 1 would like to ask one or two questions.
Tin1 gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Broom-
all,] as I understand him, states that Judge
Woodward said in that conversation that if evera
dividing line were drawn he would want the line
inn noith of Pennsylvania. Did he say where
he wanted the line run? It seems to me to have
been a very indefinite sort of conversation that gen-
tlemen arc disputing about here. We want ac-
curacy in this matter. Where, for instance, did
he want the line to go J
Mr. STEVENS. He wanted to go with the
South, and you ought to thank him for it.
Mr. &ROOMALL. I have been asked a ques-
tion. There could be no mistaking where Judge
Woodward wanted the line—at least it was clear
he did not want it along the Canada line, because
he had in the same conversation indulged in the
name remarks about the Yankees, who, I believe,
live south of the Canada line, that I suppose the
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Mallory] en-
tertains and indulges in.
Mr. MALLORY. Will the gentleman allow
me 
Mr. BROOMALL. I must first answer the
other question asked by the gentleman. 1 do know
that the gentleman who dissented from that par-
tition of the Union wanted the dividing line a little
south of the Gulf of Mexico, certainly not across
any part of the territory of the country.
Mr. MALLORY. The gentleman does me in-
justice in imputing to me any disrespectful feeling
or opinion about the Yankees. I have never ex-
pressed or felt such an opinion, and I defy the
gentleman to refer to any such opinion expressed
by me.
Mr. BROOMALL. I am very glad to be cor-
rected in that particular. I am very glad indeed that
the gentleman from Kentucky differs from Judge
Woodward, of Pennsylvania.
Mr. MALLORY. I express no difference of
opinion. I deny that I ever expressed an opinion
concurring with Judge Woodward in his detesta-
tion of Yankees; and I say that the gentleman has
no right to impute to me such a feeling.
Mr. BROOMALL. There were two distin-
guished gentlemen of Pennsylvania who agreed
during that canvass. One was General McClellan
and the other Judge Woodward. I am glad the
gentleman from Kentucky does not agree with
either of them.
Mr. MALLORY. IfGencral McClellan agreed
with Judge Woodward I believe I musat agree with
him also. I follow General McClellan's lead any-
where.
Mr. STILES. Mr. Chairman, if this conver-
sation, said to have taken place between Judge
Woodward and some gentlemen of the Delaware
county bar, was not alluded to in the canvass it
was because it was not considered a matter of any
importance. If hemade the remark it was m the
event of the party now in power breaking un the
Union, winch, by their accession to power, they
hoped to do, and which they had labored to do
for yeais. In that case he said, so says my col-
league, he would desire the line to be north of
Pennsylvania, an event he did not desire, and
hoped would not take place. That is all. He
never desired a separation of these States; but on
the contrary, every act of his long public life, and
every act of his private life, illustrates his devo-
tion to the Constitution and Union. Every slan-
derous tongue that utters a word to the contrary
does injustice to a pure man, and is a libel upon
his name and upon the great Democratic party of
his native State who have honored him from early
manhood until now. I pronounce all these vile
slanders unworthy of notice in this House. His
name will live when his assailants are forgotten
in the infamy that awaits the*).
One word as to the very proper amendment of-
fered by the gentleman from New York. It pro-
vides that no portion of this appropriation shall
be used for the purpose of transporting persons
in the employ of the Government to and ftom
their homes. It means, I hope, to prevent inter-
ference in the elections, if the Government,
thiough its corrupt agents, furnished no trans-
portation to soldiers and civilians to return to
their respective States for the purpose of car-
rying the elections, the amendment can do no
harm.
I do not know whether the charge made by the
gentleman from New York is true or false. It
has been charged in the press all over the country,
Neither does my distinguished colleague from the
Lancaster district know whether it is true or false.
But I repeat that the amendment can do nohaim.
Public rumor has said that the Government had
furnished transportation to a large number of men
to go into Pennsylvania for the purpose of influ-
encing the election in that Statu. And we have
the astounding fact, notwithstanding nearly one
hundred thousand men were m the field from that
State, that at thatelection there were thirty thou-
sand more votes cast than ever had been cast be*
| fore at a general election m that State.
I I do not see that there can be any sound objec*
] tion to the amendment; and the fact that it has
| greatly excited my colleague from Lancaster,
j shows that it is not without point. I desire that
I it shall be adopted, so as to protect the public
I Treasury, and at the same time to preserve from
| invasion the rights of the people,
j Mr. GOOOR. I should like to ask the gentle-
1 man from New York if ho can inform us to what
