m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13.
lion; and all negtcct and departure from law, and particu-
larly from constitutional Jaw, by agents appointed to ad-
minister it,although sometimes attended with seeming ad-
vantage, arc sure to produce always, sooner or later, much
greater and mora enduring mischief. Wherefoie a disre-
gard of law by such agents is never tolerated by a wise and
tree people.
6. Resolved, That the powers of the Government of the
United States ate derived wholly from and limited by the
Constitution, and by it are divided into legislative, execu-
tive, and judicial, and each class of those powers is vested
'in a separate department; that the President is the chief
of the executive department, and has no legislative or
judicial power whatever, and only such executive powers
as sire enumerated in the second and third sections ot the
second article of the Constitution, and such other poweis
• as may be, from time to time, conferred upon him by Con-
gress in virtue of this provision: "Congress shall have
.power to maKe all Jaws which shall be necessary and'
proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and
ull other powers vested by this Constitution in the Govern-
ment of the United States, or in any department or officer
thereof."
7. Resolved, That the President cannot be divested of
any of the powers with which he is ducctly invested by the
Constitution, nor controlled nor interlered with in their
execution; but all powers eonfened on him by law of Con
gress he holds in subordination to that department, which
may supervise, modify, and correct his execution of them,
or resume them, by repealing the laws intrusting their exe-
cution to him,
8. Resolved, That the power of the Tresident.to recog-
nize the existence of a state of case amounting to " an in-
vasion, or imminent danger of invasion, of the United
States," or " an insuriection in any State against the gov-
ernment thereof," or *l obstruction to the execution of the
laws of the United States by combinations too powerful to
be suppressed by the ordinary course of judicial proceed-
ings,"' and to call forth the military power to meet such
conditions, is conferred on him by the laws of Congress,
and the repeal of those laws would withdraw from the
President all that power.
9. Resolved) That Congress is invested with the" power
" to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts, and excises; to
pay the debts and provide for the common defense and gen-
eral welfare of the United States;" "to declaie war, giant
letters of marque and reprisal, arid make mles concerning
captures on land and water;" " to raise and suppoit ai-
mless;" "to provide and maintain a navyto piovide
for calling In till the mdina to execute the laws of the
Union, j-uppress insurrections, and tepel invasions;" "to
provide for arming, organizing, and disciplining the mili-
tia, and governing such part of them as may be employed
in the service of the United riiate-*" to guaranty to every
State in the Union a republican form of government, and
to protect each of them against invasion;*' and thus the
entire war power, and quasi war power, external and in-
ternal, of the Government is vested by the Constitution in
Congress, and   o pait of it what«ver in the president.
10. Resolved, That whenever there is an insurrection in
the United States, Congress is vested with the power to
suppress it, and with no other power whatever over the in •
Murt-cttoii 5 and when it is "uppiessed, either by the ami-;
of the United Slate-, or by the submission or the insurgents
to the Constitution, laws., and autlioiities thereof, theic
upon the power of Congrt sj>i> e\h,uwed, and the in -urgent^
are immediately remitted to all their lights liberties, priv-
ileges, and duties of citizens, f-nbjeet to such forteituie
thereof as tnny have be.cn declared by law, after it shall
have been adjudged by the civil courts m the mode pre-
scribed by the Constitution; and Congress, much less the
President, has no power to impose upon them any other
teirns or conditions.
11. Resolved) That the whole powei and dutv <>f the Pies•
fdent in the existing insurrection is to grant pardons to those
engaged in it, and,asCommander-ui-Ubtei ol the Armyand
Navy, to direct then* operation-* for its suppression ; and, as
Mieh, hi1* powers aie strictly military,and are not different
or greater than would be those oi the senior genera! in the
sctvice, if the Constitution had designated him to be the
Commanded in Chief; the power to device a policy o  incus-
ure-' for its suppression is legislative, to, which the" President
is incompetent, whether as the fh-t executive otiieeroj the
Goveimnent or Commandei-in-Chief oi the Auny and
Navy.
13. Re;solved, That the law of uuiihuy necessity is not
established, but only toleiated, in the United States. It
doc.-1 not. nor cannot, in peaeu oi war, abrogate or su-pend
theCon^-utution, in \yholeor in pait. It cannot authorize
arbitrary arrests atid unprNonnx nt, or in any way inter-
fere wnli the person of the citizen, botonly with hispiop-
eity. It does not appertain to tiie Pi evident, or to the (Join
mamJor-in-Chief, unless he be in the actual command of a
military force, ami then only under particular eireum-
stuuec.-.. It jc.-ult.- lrorn a pnvent and ui gent need of an
ainij or military corps which so piessnig that it can-
not await other modes, but mu<t be supplied anjwheio
Within its reach by it^ own power and action. It i-* not an
expediency but a nee<-—in of a military body, and creates
a law and confers a power, (or the oeea-kxn only, on its
commander, oi whatever guide he may be, to supply that
necessity by taking piopcity by summary milit.ny force,
without depriving the owner*ol his nahttobe compensated
lorn bythc United States. Each case of imltt.iiy neeessttj
makes its own law, adapted to its own pccuhiu eucnm-
stances,and expiring with that particular necessity. There
i* not and cannot be any uuiloiin, pet inane nt, <ji* even con-
' umunir law ot military necessity. Tne idea that a law
always" accidental, ♦vaneseent, and in truth so inconsider-
able, should have the magic loiee to enable Abraham Lin-
eohi to bound over the Constitution and all its limitations
and restrictions, and clutch the vast powers which he
cla'ius under it, I? a gigantic absurdity.
13. Rc^olool, That at the beg-n^ingoftiic war, undoi the
prune of the defeat o! liuil Run. toe party in powei pto-
lessed to curry it on for the constitutional cud to putdown
the rebellion and vindicate the jaws and authority of the
United Stales in the insurgent States*, and when that was>
effected it was to cease. ' But more than a year ago, another
and paramount and unconstitutional end, the total subver-
sion of slavery, was inaugurated by them; and, at length,
to carry on the war m this perverted and augmented form,
the annual expenditure on the part of the United States
has swollen to one hundred thousand lives, a nmeh larger
amount of per-onal disability, and a thousand millions ot'
money, and yet the wisest cannot see the end of the war.
Verily, the people North and-the people South ought to
revolt against their war leaders, and take tins great matter
into their own hand«, and elect members to a national
convention of all the States to terminate a war that is en-
riching hundreds of thousands of officers, plunderers, and
spoilsmen, in the loyal States, and threatens the masses <*f
both sections with irretrievable bankruptcy and indefinite
slaughter, and to restore their Union and common Govern-'
ment upon the great principles of liberty and compromise
devised by Washington and his.associates.
14. Resolved, That the present Executive Governmentof
the United States has subverted, for the time, in large por-
tions of the ioya! States, the freedom of speech, the free-
dom of the press, and free suffrage, the constitution's and
laws oftheStatesand the United States,Uncivil courts and
trial by jury. It has ordered, ad libitum, arbitrary arrests
by military officers, not only without wariant, but without
any charge or imputation ot crime or offense, and has hur-
ried the persons so arrested from home and vicinage todis-
tant prisons, and kept them incarcerated there for an
indefinite time, some of whom it discharged without, trial
and in utter ignorance of the cause of their arrest and im-
prisonment, and others it caused tot>e brought before courts
created by itself, and to be tiiedand punished without law;,
in violation of the constitutional guarantee to the citizen ot
his right to keep and bear arms, and ot his rights of prop-
erty, it has fotcibly deprived, as well the loyal as the dis-
loyal, of both; it has usurped the power tosuspend the writ
of habeas corpus, and to proclaim martial law, and has
established imlitary tribunals in States and parts of States
where there was no obstruction to the due administration
of the laws of the United States and the States, by the civil
courts and authorities; and ordered many citizens, who
were not connected with the Army or Navy, to be dragged
before its drum-head courts, and to be tried by thdiii lot-
new and strange offenses, declared by itself, and by an un-
defined and indefinable law, being but the arbitrary will of
the court; ordained at pleasure a militaty despotism in the
loyal States by ineansof eourts-nuurial,provost marshals,
and military forces,governed neither by law, principles, nor
rules, fiom whose t> ran try and oppressions no man can claim
immunit}; all of which must be lepudiatedand&weptaway
by the sovereign people.
lo. Resolved, That a free press, free speech, and fiee
elections are the great and peaceful forces by which the
maladministration of our Government, whether in the le-
gislative or executive department, i<s prevented, loformed,
or reversed, and its authors brought to public condemna-
tion and punishment; and those bulwark-, of constitutional
government and popular libeity are An mutable to malver-
nators, u<uipeu-,andtjiant^only, and they must be upheld
by the people at nil hazard*.
1G Revolted, That as the Constitution and laws afford no
means to exclude fiom the office of President a man np-
pomtod to it b> mihtaiy power, or who b? declared to he
chosen to it by icasou of tin; stippics-sron of the freedom of
election, or by the exclusion of legal voters liom the poll-?,
ot by any other means, the people of the United States
would he incompetent to defend and unwotthv to have re-
ceived the rich heritage of irccdom bequeathed lo them by
their lathers, if they permit that great office so to he Oiled,
or in any other mode than by their own l'tee suffrages.
17. Resolved, That the scheme of the Pi evident to bring
back the insurgent S#ues is open to many and insuperable
objections. The pardon and amnesty offered by him i«s upon
the condition thai those who aceept it shall renounce their
light to their slave property, and swear to siippott his un-
constitutional pioelamation and unconstitutional acts of
Congress, which attempted to take itfiomthcm. lie imi>t
have intended to put this condition in a form bo obnoxious
as to seeuie its iejection by most, of those to whom it was
offen-ri. lie affects the position that ten of the Indulgent
State- have foifeited or dissolved then State government^,
and requires that they be iccoiistiuctedon a condition pie-
sei ibed by hun->cit,nud this against the ti ue principle, which
he and the legi-lative depaitment of the Government had
pieviou-Iv ieeo^m/,ed—-that all the acts of the ln-mgent
States and people tending to theirseees-mn,separation/and
independence were void; ami when the inundation with
which then BiMineetion eoveied over tlie authotity of the
Con-titution and laws of the United States m them parsed
awa>, it would leave the eonstiaitions,laws,piopeny,and
iii-titutions of those State-: in eveiy inspect the same that
tliev weie prcviuUdlv, excepting only the changes that wejc
pioduced by the meie shock ot aims, the principle status
ante beliam being applicable. He imioies the eon-titutions
ot Tennessee, Atk \usas and othei< that have not been al-
teiod in any particular, but are the same that they were he-
lore their revolt; and he requires tho^e States to repudiate
their eon-Miiiiliouo that governed them many yeais peace-
fully m the Union, and to tbim new ones. lie has no nght
to uke cognizance in any way of the governments and con-
stitutions of tno-je f^iate-, or any othei States . to the extent
.that such a power is vo-trd in the Coveinment of the
United States, it is congressional, not piesidenual. lie has
no authoiity whatever to impose any conditions on the in-
surgents-, and tbev tire subject to none but what are pre-
scribed bv the Constitution and law- of the United States,
to he determined by their com ts. What tight has the Piest-
dent to pioelnim that one tenth ot as nianv of the votei> of
tho-'P States a- voted at the Ia^t pie-nientiai election may
pull down and revolutionize their State governments, anil
eioet new ones (or the other nine tenth?,winch he will iec-
ojimze and uphold w ith the dimu and navies of the United-
States ? IIh p'ojoct is to-eonlinue the wai njjon slavei v by
hi:: fiti the r u-mp Uioii-- of powei, and to get togcthei and buy
up a de-peiate taction of mendicants and adventuieisin the
rebel Stales, give litem possession of the poiis by inter-
posing the bayonet, a& in Marjland, Delaware, and poitions
of iMissuuii and Kentucky, and to keep off loyal pro-slavery
voters; and thus to form baslaid constitutions toaboli-
lioni^e those States..
18. Resolved, That the impending destiny of our country
can no longer be blinked. The people of the loyal States
are tesolved into two great parties, the desty uetives and the
conservatives. The first consists of Abraham Lincoln, bis
office-holders,contractors, and other followers; the second
ot all men who are tor ejecting Lincoln and his party from
otfiee and power. Tiie piofessed objects of the fust are to
preserve the Union and to abolish slat cry in all the States /
they have about ceased to make a pretense of supporting
the Constitution and the laws; their real objects are to per-
petuate their party power, and to hold possession of the
Government to continue the aggiandizement of their lead-
ers, gi eat and small, by almost countless othces and employ-
ments, by myriads of plundering contiacts, and by putting
up to sale the largest amount of spoils that were ever of-
fered to market by any Government on earth. Theirobject
Is not to eradicate slavery, but only to abolish its form and
the mastery. To subjugate wholly the lcbel States, and
utteily to revolutionize their political and social organiza-
tion ; to destroy or banish ami strip of their pioperty all the
pro-slavery people, secessionists, anti-secessionist?, loyal
and disloyal, combatants and non-combatants, old men,
women, and children, the decrepit and the non'rompos men-
tis, all whom they cannotabohttonlze,and to distribute the
lands of the subjugated people among their followers, as
was done by the lloman conquerors of their own countiy-
mcn ; to proclaim a mock freedom to the slaves, but by ,
military powertotake poises-ton of thefreedmen and work
them for their own profit; to do all tins, and also to en-lave
the white man by trampling under foot the Constitution and
laws of the United States and the States, by the power of
a subsidized army, and, lest it should falter, by hundreds
of thousands of neg>o janizaries, otgamzed for thnt pur-
pose by the Seeietary of War and the Adjutant Geneial.
Tiie fir t and paramount object of the conservatives is to
preseive their own libei ties by saving the Union, the Con-
stitution, and the laws from utter and final oveuhrow by
the destiuetives, not themselves to he enslaved under pre-
text of giving a fictitious freedom to the negro ; and to re-
store and perpetuate the Union, and to bring back the peo-
ple in revolt by renewed and sufficient guarantees of all
their constitutional rights. There is no choice left to any
man but to be a destructive or conservative.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, it is always my
object in life to be prepared to receive any assault
that may be made upon me. I concede that I had
not anticipated this movement against me, and
did not cxpect it until it was sprung in the Senate
a few days since. But, sir, I considered well these
resolutions, and tiie vatious subjects thnt ate em-
braced in them. They received my deliberate
thought an'd my definite approval. As the lan-
guage of those resolutions will convey their mean-
ing to enndid and inquiring; minds, and as T un-
derstand them, their force and effect, I am ready
to abide the judgment of the Senate or of any
tiibunal on earth or any higher tribunal, upon
tho.se proportions. The jaundiced, narrow mind
of the Senator fiom Massachusetts is wholly in-
competent to give a proper rendenngof those res-
olutions. His heart and his reason both disqual-
ify him from that task, and against his version I
enter my protest, and i ask candid and enlightened
Senators to interpret them for themselves.
Now, sir, at the threshold, I deny that I made
any charge or any imputation in those resolutions,
or either of them, that the army teas subsidized;
that the heroesof Gettysburg:andthe oilier battle-
fields upon which the Amencan arms have been
illustrated were maligned by me in the terms or
sense timt the Senator has imputed to me. "What
I said was this, and I repeat it: that if the present
Executive and his particular fi tends and aih iseis
entettdin the schemes Chat 1 impute to them, us i
firmly believe they do, ami as 1 charge in those
resolutions, the natural and necessary machinery
to which they would lesorl to eiFectftate their
schemes would be a subsidized army; and lest
they should fail in theircalculations of thatagency
to effectuate their nefarious and treasonable ob-
jects, they would ihiow themselves upon that
army of black janizaries which the Secretary of
War and the Adjutant General, against the laws
of this land, are now musteung into the service of
the United States. Sir, i do not withdraw that po-
sition. I stand up to it and intend to abide by it.
Now, Mr. President, 1 ask gentlemen to lead
this whole senes of resolutions. 1 deny that
there is a sentiment or an exhortation in them in-
viting to insurrection, rebellion, or war, or mili-
tary violence; and for the purpose of sustaining
this position 1 will read three of them that are a
key to the whole series:
'•5. Resolved* That the experience of the woild proves
that there can be neither seeuiity nor libei tv in any country
Without, wi-e and ju-t law* miulj sustained and ninfotnrly
executed. That i- the life, the s'pirit, the soul of this na-
tion ; and all nr«|ect :ind depasture iroin law, and particu-
Jaily from constitutional law, by agent* appointed to ad-
minister it, although sometimes attended with seeming
advantage, are sine to produce always, sooner or later,
much greater and mote enduring mischief. Wherefore a
