Mi
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 22,
[LaughteslJ When these parties come herewith
such a claim us this, clear and explicit, such
as I think will commend itself to the unbiased
judgment of every candid mind, are they to be
told that they must go and make out a legal case
in the Court of Claims? Sir, we are spending
money very fast indeed, faster than we can afford;
but I tell you we can expend money faster than
"we can afford to treat these contractors with in-
justice, with oppression, or even with harshness.
They are the men who combine the mechanical
skill and enterprise and industry of the country.
They are the men we have to rely upon. If we
ever make the attempt to construct light-draught
monitors that will float, they are the men that have
^jot to do it; and we ought not, to say the least
of it, so conduct ourselves toward them that
they shall feel that of all places on earth where
they will go for business the Government of the
United States is the last.
Mr. President, I do not want to be lavish with
the public Treasury; I do not want to be liberal
at the expense of the publicTreasury; but I want
to be just*, and 1 think justice requires that we
should give them the relief they ask. What do
the Navy Department want? Are the Navy De-
partment afraid to trust themselves? We pro-
pose that the Secretary of the Navy himself, the
man who made the contract, shall appoint the
board, and he may take, as the Senator from Iowa
says he proposed to take, in his proposition for a
commission a short time since, sworn officers of
our own. He can have these men sworn just as
much as he pleases; but let me say right here I
would not give a cent for the oath of any man
living. It is not worth the paper upon which it
is written. A man whose moral nature does not
hind him to what is required and expected of him
will not find the sanction of an oath weigh very
heavy upon him; and where you have got a man
that you think you require an oath of, you have
got a man whose integrity you do not fully trust,
and for such a man as that an oath has no obli-
gation.
I have no feeling and no interest in this matter
except what I think the very best interest of the
Government requires. Sir, wc cannot afford to
quarrel with the mechanical industry, with the
mechanical ingenuity, with the mechanical enter-
prise, and w^th the mechanical capital of this
whole country on such an i«ssue as this. They
jsimply ask that the very Department that has
employed them, the Department that knows ail
about it, the Department that has in its own
breast the knowledge of how this transaction is,
shall take such means as they see fit by a board
to inform themselves of the true state of fact,
and then to pay them what they are entitled to
over and above their contract, and for what was
done by the express order of the Government.
It seems to me the Government that is not will-
ing to do that is not willing to do what is right,
is not willing to do what is just and equitable
between man and man. Having said this much,
i leave the subject.
Mr. SHERMAN. The great diversity of
opinion among theSenators who have favored this
resolution, in my judgment shows that it ought
notto pass. The Senator from New Hampshire
says it is simply a legal claim growing out of the
fact that the Government undertook to change the
contract or the specifications after the contract
was entered into, by enlarging the character of the
work and making it more expensive, and there-
fore these parties have a right to additional com-
pensation. If that claim is true, the Court of
Claims would undoubtedly assess the increased
cost of this work caused by the changes made at
the Navy Department. But I am told there is a
paper upon the Secretary's desk froin the Secre-
tary of the Navy, in which he denies that there
were any changes made since these contracts were
entered into.
Mr. GRIMES. \ will read it with the permis-
sion of the Senator.
Mr. SHERMAN, I should be glad to have it
read.
Mr. GRIMES. I will road for the information
of-the Senate a portion of a letter addressed by the
Secretary of the Navy to the Committee on Naval
Affairs on this subject. Speaking of these con-
tracts, he says:
"The contracts In question were made under a public
advertiseirterit fully expressing ali the requirements, ami
all the offers under this advertisement will be found on
page 789 of the documents accompanying the President'*
nfessage ofDecember, 1862.'*
It will thus be observed that they were made
two years ago.
" From that exhibit it will be seen that the Department
accepted the offers made by responsible ship-builders who
were well acquainted with such matters. Some of the of-
fers were at mostexorbitant rates, and the average price,to
which the petitioners refer, is no guide as to the value—it
happening that the lowest bidders were parties of great ex-
perience and known reputation."
Again, he says:
"The hulls were all completed within the time specified
in the contract, and none of them were liable from delay.
Whatever rise there may have bern in materials or labor
took place within the time contemplated by them for the ex-
ecution of the work. All these parties voluntarily accepted
the offer of the Department,and applications were made for
contracts on the same teims by other parties, after the De-
partment had agreed for all,the vessels it wanted. The
parties knew the ve-'s«ls were to be completed in evwrv
respect for naval service, and their contract stated, as they
say it does, that there were to be no extra bills on that ac-
count.
" With regard to the steam machinery of these vessels, it
is of a well-known type, and many o( the petitioners had
already constructed similar machinery for the Department.
The specifications were so complete, and the foun of ma-
chinery so well known, that it is believed the builders in
this case, as they did in that first referred to, could with-
out difficulty have made their own diawings. It is well
understood that the estimate of co«t is always made from
the specifications. The advertisement was very full, and
the Department has exacted no more than what was ex-
piesMid m itand the specifications. A consuleiable num-
bet ofthe-e engine contracts weie taken alter the work had
been commenced by otherparties."
Again, lie says:
" The Department makes and sanctions no contract with
the understanding that, its conditions are not to he com-
plied with, and it always furnishes the fullest information
a< to the quantity and quality of its woik, and the peti-
tioners have on these point* only expressed their own
views and wishes.
li These eontiact* were made with care and deliberation
for the true interest of the Government, and only reason-
able offers of experienced peisons well known and com-
petent to do such work were accepted. The Department
has not increased the cost of this work by any action of
its own, and if by any causes beyond us control these con-
tractor have, as they state, sutlered a U>s, it is for Con-
gies*} to exercise such liberality as in us wisdom it may
see proper. This Department has no funds and has mad«*
no estimate to supply any such eo t as this exeicisc of
liberality will occasion, and it is unwilling to nn-unio the
position of eneouin-jm* additional expenditures after hav-
ing taken all proper means to obtain the work on the best
terms for the public interest."
Mr. SHERMAN. Now, Mr. President, the
case made by the Secretary of the Navy shows
that these men engaged in this contract with their
eyes open; the specifications were written; they
were intelligent men, and they knew the chaiactet
of the work; they had been engaged in similar
work; they had built similar engines; other par-
tics agteed to do the same work at the same or
similar prices; and otherparties did do the same
work at the same prices. It is the clearest possi-
ble ease of a contract not varied in the slightest
particular. We have here the statement of the
Secretary of the Navy that there was no additional
expense put upon these contractors. $They were
simply required to perform a contract reduced to
writing, perfectly familiar to them, they being
intelligent men, knowing all about the nature of
the business, there being no experiment about it
—a simple contract for the building of steam en-
gines; but. it seems, or at least they claim, that
they have suffered loss. It is purely and simply
a claim growing out of a contract not varied m
the least.
But suppose what the Senator from New
Hampshire claims is true; suppose the contract
has been varied by orders of the Navy Depart-
ment; in such a case the Navy Department sie
bound by the law and bound by the contract to
give additional compensation, according to the
well-known rule laid down by the Senator from
Indiana; and in such a case, if the Navy Depart-
ment should refuse to give this additional com-
pensation, it is the duty of the Court of Claims
to enforce the contract against the Government,
and to render judgment against the Government
for the increased expenditures put upon these par-
ties by the change of the contract; so that their
remedy is plain.
The truth js the Senator from Maryland very
frankly stated the only ground upon which this
claim can be justified; and that is, that perhaps
they have lost money by their contract. If we
are going, to act upon such a rule there wili be no
end to the claims that will be brought before Con-
gress. There is no equity in this claim that can-
not he made, in favor of every contractor who has
contracted with the Government and lost money.
I know of hundreds and thousands of contractors
who have lost money on particular contracts, but
have more than made up that loss on other con-
tracts. I have no doubt these very contractors
have had contracts with the Government ou which
they have made large sums. It is a well-known
fact that nearly all the contractors with the Gov-
ernment, especially for this kind of work, have
made large sums of money. They select this par-
ticular contract on which they claim to have suf-
fered a loss, and they ask the Government to make
good that loss; but they will not refund to the
Government any of the exorbitant profits they
have made on other contracts.
There never wasa claim presented in Congress,
in my judgment, more groundless than this.
There is no equity in it, becausc these parties
simply stand upon their own contract; they have
no right to claim anything more. They made
this contract with their eyes open, being intelli-
gent men. They were not, like Mr. Ericsson,
engaged in an experiment in which the Govern-
ment have got the benefit of the experiment, but
they engaged in a business with which theywere
perfectly familiar, and every item of their work
they could estimate beforehand. I say there is
no claim either in law or in equity to these par-
ties; and if you extend this rule now any further,
Congress will be flooded from all parts of the
country with claims. The man that has sold corn
to the Army for a price less, probably, than he
could deliver it at, would have a much stronger
claim, because he could say that he could not an-
ticipate that the price of corn would rise so much
in the market and he would lose by his contract—
precisely the same kind of claim.
Mr. ANTHONY. We have paid one such
claim at this session.
Mr. SHERMAN. If we have made such a
precedent we ought to trample it under our feet.
1 voted against that case, and against the case of
the wagons. There was another wrong prece-
dent. Those wagons and that corn and this con-
tract to-day will cost this Government millions
of dollars, because the piecedent will not be for-
gotten. We must correctthose precedents. Thoge
precedents, if followed,and this precedent, if fol-
lowed, would compel the Government to make
good the loss of every contractor, whatever might
have been the nature of his contract.
Mr. HARLAN. If the Senator will allow me,
I think he misapprehends the corn contract.
Air. SHERMAN. I do not go into it at all,
because I do not know the particulars.
Mr HARLAN". I desire to state, as my name
has been coupled with it 
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust the Senator wili wait
until I get through.
Mr. HARLAN. It will take but a moment.
The parties contracted to deliver a large quantity
of corn at Baltimore, and they delivered it in pur-
suance of the contract at the time and place named
in the contract; but the Government officers wero
unable or refused to receive it. The contractors
stored it at their own expense for several months,
appealing to the head of the Department, but the
Government still refused to takeit,and they then
sold it at the highest price it commanded in the
market, and claimed the difference between what
it sold for and the contract price, charging noth-
ing forstorage or the interestof the money or their
time and trouble.
Mr. SHERMAN. That makes a perfectly
clear case of claim against the Government; and
the only controversy that could arise in such a
case would be whether it ought not to have been
sent to the Court of Claims. Undoubtedly the
Court of Claims would have administered justice.
But here is a case where there is no such claim
whatever; where the Secretary of the Navy in-
forms us the contract has not been varied to their
injury in the slightest degree.
Mr. ANTHONY. I should like to ask the
Senator from Ohio a question.
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly.
Mr. ANTHONY. Suppose it shall appear
that the contractors were informed by the De-
partment that the engines would weigh from ten
to fifteen per cent, more than those of the Paul
Jones, and they undertook the construction of the
engines with that understanding, and suppose it
