2198
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 10,
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
pider the bill (S. No. 3) granting a pension to
Ellen M. Whipple, widow of the late Major Gen-
eral Amiel W. Whipple, of the United States
Army, which had been reported adversely from
the Committee on Pensions. It proposes to direct
the Secretary of the Interior to place the name
of Ellen M. Whipple, widow of the late Major
General Amiel W.Whipple, of the United States
Army, on the pension ioil, at the rate of fifty
dollars a month, from the 7th of June, 1862, for
and during her widowhood.
Mr. HALE. 1 will make a statement of the
bill, but I do not mean to urge its consideration
at this time if it is objected to. This is a bill
granting a pension of fifty dollars a month to the
widow of the late Major General Amiel W. Whip-
ple, who was killed in the battle of Chancellors-
viile last year. There is a like bill grantinga like
pension to the widow of the late Major General
Hiram G. Berry, and a like hill granting a like
pension to the widow of the late Hrigadier Gen-
eral Edward D. Baker, who were lulled dining
this war. With a simple statement m regard to
them, I shall move that at an early day the Senate
consider the question which these cases present.
Of six general officers killed, three were Gen-
eral Smith, General Stevens, arid 1 think General
Kearney, for the benefit of whose widows bills
were introduced precisely of this character, grant-
ing; pensions of fifty dollars per month, and they
were passed and became laws. The other three
generals killed were General Whipple, General
Berry, and General Baker, and a like pension is
proposed for the relief of their widows. The
Committee on Pensions that reported the bills last
year which passed to the statute-book, have re-
ported adversely upon the three bills which I
have now mentioned. I do not wish to urge the
consideration of the subject now; but as it is an
important one, and as I confess it looks to my
mind as if the public faith was involved, 1 will
move, if there be no objection, that this bill and
the two succeeding bills on the Calendar be made
the special oi dor for Monday next at one 0 'clock.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I made the repoits front
the committee in these several cases. I shall not
oppose the motion of the Senator from New
t?anipshirc to have the subject considered; but
i think when the Senate comes to look over this
subject they will conclude that the question of
pensions is so extensive that the Senate will be
obliged to proceed on geneial rules, and to ex-
clude altogether special bills.
The PRESl DENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire to postpone the furtherconsideration of the
bill to, and make it the special order of (he day
fur, Monday next at one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
PltKVENTlON OF SMUGGLING.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 move that the Senate
pi'o'lt;ed to the consideration of Senate bill No. 88.
Mr. MORRILL. Allow me to call attention
to the fact thai Semite bill No. 266 was made the
special oi der for half past twelve o'clock to-day;
and it is so near that time that 1 think it had
better come up now. It wants but a single mo-
m^nt or two.
Mr, TRUMBULL. If it is a special order, I
give way fo if.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
Will call up at tins lime by unanimous consent,
the special ordei for half past twelve o'clock, the
time having neaily amved. The bill (S. No.
2GB) to pievcnt smuggling, and for other pur-
poses,is before theSenate as in Committee of flic
Whol".
Mi. MORRILL. 1 move to amend the bill by
;;tnknig out in line six of faction two the wold.-;
" Bjatpotf, Maine, four.'"
The amendment was ugteed to.
Mr. MOItillLL. In section one, hue,-; ihi ee
and four, I move to Muke out the woids "the
1st day of August, A. D. 1861," and inseit the
wouls "passage of this act."
The amendment wt>s agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. In see tion six, lino seven-
teen. I move to strike out "five hundred" and
insert44 one thousand,"so as to read, " and shall
also pay a fine of not less than $100 and not more
than !$1,OOU."
The amendment was agiced to.
The bill was reported to theSenate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in. The bill
%vus ordered to be engiossed for a. third reading,
and was read the third time, and passed.
PROCEEDINGS IN CRIMINAL CASES.
On motion of Mr. TRUMBULL, the bill (S.
No. 88) regulating proceedings in criminal cases
and for other purposes was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill will
be read.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suggest that the Clerk
read only the amendment reported by the Com-
mittee ou'the Judiciary, which is a substitute for
the original bill. The Senator from Maryland
[Mr. Johnson] has particular charge of the bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That course
will be pursued if there be no objection. The
amendment is to strike out all after the enacting
clause of the bill and insert what will be read.
The Secretary read the words to be inserted,
as follows:
That from the persons summoned and accepted as grand
juior> jn any district or ciicuit court of the United States,
the couifshali appoint the foieman, who .shall have power
to admi lifter oaths and affirmations to witnesses appealing
before tlic pand jury.
Hir'c. :2. Jlnd be it jurtker enacted. That when the ofteime
charged lie treason, or a capital offense,the defendantfhall
be entitled to twenty and the United States to five per-
emptoiy challenges. Onatnal for any other oflVnho the
defendant shall be entitled to ten and the United States to
two peremptory challenges. All challenges, whether to
the array or panel, or to individual jurors for cause oi favor,
shall be hied by the court without the aid of triers.
Sec. 3. Jlml be it further enactcdi That in eveiy case
wheie any person convicted of any offense against the
United States shall he sentenced to nnpi isoninuntfoi a pc-
iiod loneei than one year, it shall be lawful for the romt
by winch the sentence is passed to oidei the s-ame to be
executed in any State prison oi peniteninny within the dis-
trict or State whi'te -ueh court i* held, the use of which j,
prison or peiuteritiaiy lsalhnved hv the Le^i.-lattue ol Mich |j
Stare for such putpo>es; and the expenses attendant upon J
the execution ot such sentence shdll be piud by the United
State*.
Si-'f. A. Jhnl be it further enacted, That issues of fact in
civil eases in any eneuit court of the United Slates may he
ti led and del ei mined by the couit without Hie intel v en turn
of a jmy, \\ henevr the panics, or then attome \ s of ice-
oid," file a stipulation in willing with Hie cleik of the com t
waiving ajui\. The finding of the coint upon tin; facts,
which findm-: may be enhet geneial or special, shall have
the <anie eiloel as the veidict of a jiny. The nilnu^ of the
comt ni the progieiss of the trial, when excepted to at the
time, may be reviewed by the Supremo Couit of the Uni-
ted Stales upon a writ ol ertor, or upon appeal, piovidod
the iiilingfc bedul} presented byabillofexeepuons. When
the finding is speiial, ihe review may also extend to the
detetmmation of ihe snfheiency of the tacts found to sup-
port the pidsrinent.
Skc. r>. ,'J)ul be it fui titer enartc'I, That all acts and paits
of act1* in conflict u ilh this act be, and the same arc heie-
by, repealed.
Sim t , ,'lwl be if further enacted, That this act shail take
e/b'ct on the 1st day of June, ifc'cj.
Mr. TEN EVCIv. Is jt in order now to move
an amendmentJ
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is in order
cither to amend (he amendment or the oiiginal
bill to wlnelt it iK an amendment.
Mi TEN EVCIv. I wish to propose an
amendment in relation to the challenges. Infec-
tion two of the substitute, hue five, 1 propose to
strike out the word 44 ten" and insert "five." i
will read a portion of the second section:
.hid he it fuither enacted. That when the ollcn-e ehaigcd
b<' treason, or a capital ofleiise, the defendant shall be en-
titled to twenty and the United States to five pciemptory
challenge-.
That applies to treason.
On airial foranv other nflen^e thed"f''nd<iut fhall be en-
titled to ten and the Uniled States to two peicmpfoiy chal-
lenge.-.
That is the way it is reported by the commit-
tee. It pmpuses to give a defendant indicted for
any of the nnnoi iufenor offenses a peremptory
challenge of ton jurors, and the CJniled States are
limned to two. I think the number allowed to
ihe defendant m entirely too gicat. Take the
e.iae of a man indicted for passing counterfeit
money, or anything of that kind, it is enrnely
too great an advantage to give him ten peremp-
tory challenges. Indeed, I do not know why j!
ho should have as many as five. |j
There is another reason, and thatis this: in dis- i!
ti icts that are agn cultural, or where the courts are ;<
not located in luijje cities, it will increase the ex- -j
pense of these district courts, and it is vei y desir- ;<
able ro hnnt them, and the Dcpai fment of the .1
Interior has for years past been endeavoring to jj
limit the expenses of these courts, Iiygiving this a
peremptory right of challenge to every defendant
who is charged with an inferior offense, it will be
necessary to keep a much larger number of jurors
in attendance,, and to be brought from a consid-
erable distance too in agricultural districts.
These are the reasons why I propose to make
the change by striking out the word <c ten" and
inserting the word " five,'* so that the number of
peremptory challenges shall be limited to "five,"
and even that number I believe to be unnecessary,
but I make the proposition as an improvement on
that reported by the committee. •
Mr. HALE. I think the bill is wrong in this
respect. It is a new principle injury trials to
allow arbitrary challenges in minor otFenses; at
least, so far as my .knowledge or practice goes it
is entirely new and novel. 1 think if you give a
prisoner an arbitrary challenge of two, the same
as the Government has, it would be an abundance;
all that justice requires, and more too. I hope the
Senator from New Jersey will alter his amend-
ment to two" instead of " five."
Mr. TEN EYCK. I agree with the Senator
from New Hampshire; butmasmuch as I thought
several gentlemen on the c&mmittee preferred a
larger number, and that if 1 were to adopt the
number of five perhaps we should m a measure
remove what I suppose to be an evil, and that
would be more acccptable to the Senate, I pro-
posed that number. I prefer that it should be
limited to two; and would therefore make themo-
tion in that shape.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from New Jersey modifies his amendment so as
to propose to strike out " ten" and insert u two."
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 think the honorable mem-
ber from New Jersey misapprehends the effect of
the amendment proposed by the committee. The
law, as it stands now, gives in cases of treason a
right to challenge peremptorily thirty-five. The
first part of this amendment of the committee re-
duces that number to twenty, and it goes further
and introduces aright which is not given by any
existing law: it gives to the United States a right
to challenge in the same way ten. As the law
now stands, the United States have no right to
challenge peremptorily at all. That part of the
committee's amendment which the honorable
member from New Jersey proposes to modify, I
understand to apply only to cases in°which there
exists already a right on the part of the accused
to a peremptory challenge of twenty, and the ob-
ject of the committee was to reduce the number
from twenty to ten, and to give in that ease to the
United States a light to challenge two. The two
provisions which secure to the United States the
right to challenge are altogether new, and it is for
the Senate to say whether, as far as those two
amendments are concerned, they will sanction
them.
I speak from some experience, Mr. President,
having acted both as prosccutor and more fre-
quently as counsel for the accused, that fierjuently
gross injustice lias been done to the Government
by the want of a right of peremptory challenge.
The right to challenge for cause it is very often
very difficult to make effective. Whether the
cause assigned be or be not true in point of fact,
m the first place is a matter not easy to ascertain,
and whether it be sufficient in point of law is a
matter about which differences of opinion have
existed.
I agree with the honorable member from Now
Jersey that if the meaning of that part of the
amendment to which his amendment is intended
to apply covers cases of misdemeanor or any
other cases than those in which a righ^ to chal-
lenge exists under the existing law, it would ho
going too far. Rut thatis not my understanding
of the amendment. I suppose it to deal exclu-
sively with cases in winch there exists a right to
challenge now twenty peremptorily, and that the
whole effect of the amendment, therefore, is to
reduce the number to ten.
Although it is not in order strictly, with the in-
dulgence of the Chair and the Senate I wi'l voiy
briefly state—not meaning to address the Senate
on the subject hereafter—how, in addition to the
particulars to which I have just adverted, the bill
as reported by the committee changes the existing
law.
The wantof uniformity which exists in the Sev-
ern 1 courts ol the United States in relation to the
manner in which witnesses before a grand jury
