1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE..-
shall appear that the engines really did weigh
from fifty to eighty per cent, more than the en-
gines of the Paul Jones, does he deny that there
would be any claim on anybody for that, and if
there is a claim, on whom?
Mr. SHERMAN. I know the fact, and the
Senator knows it, that the specifications for these
engines give the size,'the length, the form, and
the shape; and the Secretary of the Navy in-
forms us that some of these contractors built
identically the same kind of engines provided
for in this contract.
Mr. ANTHONY. But the contractors had
commenced constructing the enginesand had com-
mitted themselves in the work so far that they
could not discontinue without a loss equal to that
winch they would sustain by completing it, and
in which case they would have had no claim on
the Government. They had done all tins before
the contracts and specifications were presented to
them. That is their allegation', and if that alle-
gation is not true, if they do not prove that be-
foit' the board, they will not be entitled to any-
thing; but if they do prove it, they ought to have
something.
Mr. SHERMAN. Here is the reply: If they
make out the kind of case to which the Senator
refers, of a change of contract or even a decep-
tion, at any rate a change of contract, we have
provided by law a ulbunal before whom they
can appear. We pay the judges of the Court of
Claim*, and wo have lawyers there to protect us;
and shall wo for every claim asserted against the
Government pny a new tribunal of men who are
not provided for bylaw, with no protection what-
ever for the Government, no way m which you
can obt'uti the evidence? I think not. liow
would tin &o commissioners ascertain the claim?
You would appoint three commissionets and they
would go mousing aion^ the Atlantic coast, wher-
ever these double-eiideiN huVe been built. How
would they aseeitam the cost of these double-
i How would they know that these par-
have lost money? How would they know
what money they lost by the contract? What
) uies oft vdence would they have ? What means
of cross-examining witnesses? They would go
fiom port to port, entertained every wheie by the
contractors thems'dves, with no means to exam-
ine witnesses, no opportunity to examine even
these conrraetois under oath, no powei to admin-
ister an oath. It is now piopofed to create this
wandeiing tribunal of irresponsible men, without
any checks thrown around it by law, to ascer-
tain and adjudicate a claim against the Govern-
ment, wh 1 < h the Secretary of the Treasury is
bound to pny vulens, wilhoutany authority
of Connie?*, hereatier to supervise their action !
"Why, sir, it is a monstiousproposition, itscems
to me.
I\ir. AN iTlOIsY. I beg the Senator's pardon;
the Sccnitaiy is not bound to pay it.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Secretary is bound to
pay it '' oat of any money m the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated."
Mr. AN i'lIONV. f beg the Senator's pardon.
If he will read the resolution he will find that the
Secretary of the Tieasury is not bound to pay
one cent of the award.
Mr. SHERMAN. "The Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized to pay
to said contractors, severally, the sums adjudged
to be due them iu equity by said board." it is
his duty to pay it.
Mr. AN HIONY. If he approves the award.
Mr. SHERA] A A'. The Secretary of the Treas-
ury has no power over the award; the Secretary
of the Navy npprovos the awaid.
Mr. ANTHONY. I should say the Secretary
of the I\a\y. Of course the Secretary of the
ireasuiy v. .H pay it on the order of the Secre-
te: y of me Xiv y.
Mr. SHERMAN. Why oiganize tins com-
mis-shm : \Ye ha\e a h-tter frum the Secretary
of the Na\y o.i our tubE stating that these par-
ti s ha\e no claim whatever on account of any
change of v;.e onhart; that they made their bids
with'tlu-ir eyes open. Why then appoint this
petmmbuhvmg commission in order to bring up
tacts to bear on tee Secretary of the Navy about
it? It seems to me there is no ground lor it.
Tlirio i.s another point which seems to me is
*-eiy suong. Qui purpose m inviting bids is to
induce compotit'onand togel ihelowesticsponsi-
ble bidder. But if a man can put in alow bid
and get a contract with a full knowledge that if
he loses money by it he can come to Congress
and have a roving commission to examine into the
amount of his losses and have those losses repaid,
the consequence will be that you will always
have fraudulent bidders. They will bid any price
whatever, an inadequate price, and they will rely
upon the precedent established in this case to
come in, and that Congress will make good their
losses, that they will vote them a'commission,
and they will escort them to their factories or
founderies and show them theirbooks,and prob-
ablymislead them as to the cost-of the articles
furnished. I tell you, sir, the times are so ripe
that we must guard all the avenues which ap-
proach the public Treasury.
The Senator from Maryland was very happy
and very eloquent to-day about the services of
Mr. Ericsson, and moved our pity and our sym-
pathy very much on his account; but ho could
not excite any pity or sympathy for these con-
tractors who made these bids with their eyes
open. He told us that a millionaire would not
ailowa workman to work for him and lose money.
The Government of the United States is not m
the condition of a millionaire. It may disburse
millions of money, but it borrows all that it dis-
butses now. It is in no condition to be magnan-
imous or liberal; it must be just, and no more.
I hope therefore this resolution will bo referred
to the Court of Claims; and if these parties have
got any just claims as a matter of course they
will there be adjudicated. If that motion should
not prevail, I shall submit some amendments I
have prepared to the resolution.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster in
the chair.) 1 he question us on the amendment
offered by the Senator from Iowa to the resolu-
tion reported from the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs.
Mr. GRIMES. I have modified my propo-
sition, and I ask the Secretary to read \t as I now
propose it.
The Secretary read the amendment, to strike
out all of the join.t resolution after the word
" that" where it first occurs, and to insert:
Ail chums ba<w;d upon or ariMiur fioin tlio contract* with
person* who contmeted with the Government of the (J nited
tfitilc-. for tin.' ni.iei'inciy ami e)i«iw* oi' the Mile-wheel
gunboat^ commonly known as " double-ender-^' Op, ami
the saute aie hen'hv, leteried to the Omit of Claim* lor
examination and iuljudieation ; and said oouit w hereby
am hoi i/.tnl to examine and i I'pouto Conme^s what amount
of wotk said contractor have done, and what amount of
materials they have tui m&hed in addition to then con ti act,
and what i* the f.ur value of the same.
The question hei m taken hy yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 18, nays 15; as follows:
YCAS — Mpssis. Clark, Collamer, Cowan, Foot, Foster,
Crimes Harlan, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Motrin,
1'omeioy, Towel), Haulshuij, ^hennan, Ten Eyck, Trum-
bull, V.ui Winkle, ami Wilson—1ft.
NAYS — Me-<fj. Anthony, Chandler,Dixon, Hale, Har-
ris, Jolnt-on, MePousiali, Morull, Kam«iey, Richardson,
Uiddie, SpragiH*, Hnmnei, Wade, and VVilley—15.
ABSENT— Meft-r&. Uiown, Rnckalew,CarJiIe, Conness,
Davis, Doolutle, Fessetiden, Has dim*, Henderson, Hen-
duelc-. Uieks, Unwind, Ilowe, Ncsmrth, Wilkinson, and
Wright—16.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON. The view I take of this
claim is, that if the resolution stands as amended
by the Senate, the Court of Claims will have no
jurisdiction over the matter at all, and if the hon-
orable member from Iowa will so modify his
amendment as to give the court jurisdiction 
Mr. GRIMES. I understand from all the law-
yers around me that it does give jurisdiction.
Mr, JOHNSON. The opinion of the court is
a very dlfier«*nt one, or has been in tho past.
Mi. CLAItiv. 1 will road the section of the
law, with the permission of the Senator from
Maryland:
'• Tinit nil peMunic and hill-' pun ingor providing forthe
satisfaction of pnvate <*laim> a<Mirt t the Government,
found-d upon anv law ot Uon£re>-*,or upon any regulation
of an Excuitive J)ep n tniont, or upon anv eonii act, expicss
or impiifii, with the Government of the United States,
shall, unh>- othowi->e oideied by ie-.olutton of theliou^e
in winelt the same arc pie>euted or introduced, ba trans-
muted by the Secretary of tin; Senate or the Clerk of the
Ifou-^c of .Representative^ with all the accompanying docu-
ments, to the court aforesaid."
I drew the addition to the amendment for the
puipose of giving that jurisdiction.
The punt lesolution was reported to the Senate
as amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third readings was read the third -
time, and passed. - - * ;
RANK OP WARRANT OFFICERS.
^On motion of Mr. HAMS, the bill (H, R.No.
470) to authorize assimilated rank to be given to
the wa-rrant officers of the U nited States Navy, and,5
for other purposes, considered as in Com-n
mittee of the Whole. . .
It proposes to authorize the President'of thfe *
United States to give assimilated rank to the war-i
rant officers of the Navy, namely, boatswains,
gunners, carpenters, and sailmakevs, as follows: >
after five years of service to rank With ensigns;;;
and after ten years'service to rank with masters. {
They are hereafter to be known as " warrant of-'
ficera in the naval service of the United States,"1
and to be so entered on .the Naval Register; The
bill also provides that in all cases where it hasT
been or may be found necessary during the pres-
ent war to detain in confinement persons found
on board of captured vessels, the expenses of the
detention of such persons, when not chargeable
to the proceeds of prize or other fund, shall bC'-
paid out of the appropriation for defraying the
expenses of suits in which the United States are
concerned, and that the expenses of prisoners
sentenced by naval court-martial to confinement
in a penitentiary shall be defrayed from the same
fund. The bill also authorizes the following ad-
dition to be made to the clerical force now author-
ized by law in the Navy Department: Bureau of
Provisions and Clothing, two clerks of the third
class and two of the first class; bureau of Ord-
nance, one clerk of the third class; Bureau of
Equipment and Recruiting, one clerk of the sec-
mid class and one clerk of tho first class.
The Committee on Naval Affairs proposed to
amend the bill in section one, line three, after the
word " authorized," by inserting" if in his judg-
ment it shall be conducive to the interests of the
service;" so as to read:
The President of the United States is hereby author-
ized, if in hi< judgment it shall be conducive to the intcr-
<;>ts o( the  eiviee, to give assimilated rank to the warrant
ollieeis, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate, and the
amendment was concurred in. The amendment
was ordered .to'be engiossed and the bill to be read
a third time. The bill was read the third time,
and passed.
IUXTERY NAVAL HOSPITAL.
On motion of Mr. HALE, the bill (S. No.
308) repealing so much of an act to supply de-
ficiencies in the appropriations for the service of
the fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1864, and
for other purposes, approved March 14, I8G4, as
appropriates $25,000 for erecting a naval hospital
at Kutery, Maine, was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to inquire
of the Senator from New Hampshire what are
the reasons that'led the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs to report that bill.
Mr. HALE. 1 will state them very briefly, for
I do not want to go into a long statement. There
has been a controversy as to where this hospi-
tal should be put; I will not go into-that con-
test. Unfortunately, the chief of the Bureau of
Medicine and Surgery had formed and expressed
an opinion upon it, that the hospital ought to be
built within the precincts of the present navy-
yard, and he had further expressed not a very
complimentary opinion af the action of Congress
in taking a different view of it, as may be found '
in the letter from which I will read. In a letter,
dated January 9, 1863, he said:
" It will be noticed the bill locates the hospital legisla-
tively, without reterenec to the question whetherthe island
he the inoe-t or least judicious situation for it, and postpones
all woik upon the needed improvement until the irrelevant
subject of pui chase of the Hand be adjusted. It will thus-
be seen that all the delay in i *qaul to the erection of a hos-
pital has arisen from the unfortunate commingling dl pubr
he with private interests, and it will doubtless continue "ttil'
these interests are separated."
In the deficiency bill this year Congressappro-
priated $25,000 for building the hospital; and this
Dr. Whclan, who had expressed an opinion ad-
verse to its location on Seavcy's island and in
favor of building it in the yard, addressed a note
to tho .Secretary of the Navy suggesting to him
the appointmentof a board to locate the hospital,
and that board, he very modestly suggested,
