1224
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mareh 21,
. Now, if such an order was issued, and the Gov-
ernment transportation was used for such a pur-
pose, I submit it would be certainly very wise to
limit the appropriation of this fund to the specific
objects of the war and purposes properly con-
nected with it, and for no other purposes what-
ever.
■ Mr. STEVENS. Evidently this amendment
was not intended for any such purpose. That
order was issued in the legitimate discharge of the
duties of the office, and therefore I suppose the
amendment was not intended to prohibit it.
Mr. HOLMAN." Would not this amendment
prohibit it?
Mr. STEVENS. It ought not.
Mr. H0LMAN. It seems to me it should. It
seems to mo the Secretary of War as an officer of
war has no connection with the churches of the
country, and has nothing to do with church prop-
erty as such, so far as the Government is con-
cerned; and I think the use of Government trans-
portation for the purpose of looking after eccle-
siastical matteiss and regulating the religious de-
nominations is just as far from the legitimate
purposes of the war as the Secretary of War
could possibly get. What has he to do with
church property, unless he uses it for war pur-
poses, and with the employment of bishops to
look after that species ot property? To my mind
it is a monstrous proposition that under the un-
fortunate circumstances of the times theie should
be, through the agency of the Secretary of War
or any other agency, a bringing together of these
two elements so foreign to each oilier of Church
ant] State. The agents of consolidation are suffi-
cient without this. I think it very desirable, for
the express purpose of cutting oft' an appropria-
tion of the public treasure to objects having no
legitimate connection with the war, that this
amendment should be adopted.
Another thing: it has not been at all uncommon
for civilians, speculators, favorites of quartermas-
ters, under various pretenses—[ am saying noth-
ing now about elections—to be furnished with
transportation. Some quartermasters are more
rigid than others, but such transportation is con-
stantly allorded, and a provision expressly pro-
hibiting the application of public transports! ion lo
private purposes, except in connection with the
Army,would not possibly do any harm , and might
and woukl resutt in preventing a ical abuse.
Mr. MILLEU, of Pemisyl vunia. I move to
amend the amendment by striking out the last
word- f confess, Mr. Chairman, I have been
somewhat surprised at the direction which thw
debate has taken. f confess I cannot see the perti-
nency of a great deal that has been said hern to the
amendment under consideration. But I may be
excused for indulging in illegitimate debate m view
of the fact that my colleagues fi om Pennsylvania
have taken occasion at this time, as they have
d.one heretofore, to attack one of the purest, ablest,
and beat of the sons of the Keystone Slate, lam
not surprised that a man like Judge Woodward
should be assailed by those who are foremost in
the work. I am not surprised that they should
come even into tins Hall and retail stale slanders
which met with no credence at his own home or
among their own people.
Now, sir, with a view of answering the man
who has made himself mainly responsible foi these
attacks, I will put in contrast with the recoid of
him whom he has a«sailud that of one who has
assumed to be a leader on yonder side of the
House and for this Administration; and he has
no right to complain if 1 weigh him in the scales
as well expect the example of Benedict Arnold to produce
converts to treason as the nomination of William t). Kel-
ley, under the circumstances, and in violation of a pledge
that a brave and honest man would have died rather than
have forloited even by implication, to induce Democrats
to abandon their party.'
"The Pennsylvania!!. September20, ISol, said:
e< < It was predicted of D. Kelley, by more than
one of his intimate friends, the moment he was appointed
judge by the lamented Francis R. Slnmk, that lie would
eventually forget the hand that raised him to power, and
stab the geneious party that took lum from obscurity.' *
* + * < Those who had used him did not hesitate to7
* * ■* * f despite the shameiessnessof an exam-
ple which in any man would have been regarded as base,
but which in a jurist, clothed with sacred po\vers, was the
extreme of infamy. Little more was beard of him for a
year or two. His posiuon with the bar always was that of
aa exceedingly weak man, whose whole stock in trade was
that of ben>& a noisy and impudent deelanner, and whose
only claim to official favor had been his, effectual denuncia-
tion.-' of the Whig party. He had few or no legal abilities,
and he was too willing to fake his opinions, ready made,
from his more able and painstaking associates.'
"After accusing Judge Kelley of deliberate falsehoods,
the article goes on :
"'The following is the distinct and comprehensive
pk)dge sent by Judge Kelley to the Democratic conference,
which he says was not allowed to be read to that body,
coolly forgetting that none of the otiier pledges from the
other candidates were read, according to a resolution of the
conlerence
"1 Pledge.
" ' Philadelphia, September 4, 1851.
" ' My dear Sir: I have just learned with surprise that
my name was yesterday placed in general nomination be-
foie the Whig convention.
' This was done without my knowledge5 or consent. T
have never been a member of that party, but have umfoimly
voted the Democratic ticket; and if 1 am not nominated by
the Demooaue convention, I will accept no nomination.
1 beg leave to reqtie-t vou to lay this befoic the convention
over which you pie^ide.
" 41 ani rcs-peetluHy youia.
« < WM. 1). KELLEY.
" ' Hon. Chas. Brown.' "
Mr. MILLER, of Pennsylvania. In the face
of that pledge this gentleman was elected to a re-
sponsible office by a party then in antagonism to
the Democratic party, which had refused to nom-
inate him for that position; and what 1 have had
read is the language of the Secretary .of the Sen-
ate, the editor of ihis Administiation and court
journal of the city of Washington ! That is what
Colonel Forney thought then, and God only
ktiQws what he thinks now.
I have felt compelled to resort to this personal
line of temark for the reason that if there has been
any one man on the other side of the House who
has been unrelentingly anogant,and has done
injustice to those who have rights here, though
in a minority, it has been thegentleman to whom
I now refer. I have done it in defense of Hon.
George W. Woodward, and at the same time in
my own and the defense of those I represent. I
presume (hat this amendment will shaie the fate
of the proposition to inquire into speculations in
General Butler's department, and that it will be
tabled.
Are these times when the representatives of
the people ought to show an indisposition to in-
vestigate, to sift to the very bottom what may
have been the conduct of their officials and those
to whom they have intrusted their rights and
their means? And yet such seems to be the dis-
position of gentlemen upon the other side of the
House, ft is a matter of public notoriety—i have
heard it ihroughoutmy entitc State, not from my
own parly, but tacitly admitted by gentlemen op-
posed to me in politics—that the presence of sol-
diers at the polls m the late Pennsylvuniaelection
could be accounted for upon no other theory than
that they had been sent home, not at their own
expense, but at the expense of the Government,
and that upon the express stipulation that they
which will do justice to both* parties. [ Mk the ij w'ouhi'vot'e'the sdf^iylVdlo^UidMt "
- r","i U,° al'nclc whlcil 1 "I?- . ! Jf there has been iiothins wrong m r.
Mr. KELLEY. From whence do you derive it?
Mr. MILLER, ofP emisylvania. It is from a
Philadelphia paper, ami is an extract from the
Pennsylvania when edited by Colonel John W.
Forney, now a leaderunder this Administration,
and the article appeared in his paper as cditoii.il.
The Clerk read as follows:
'■ Tn order that we may do no inm-aiee to this vu tiiou* Rep-
resentative. and as it wjII dnnbiJe— he more .ujieeablo to
him to have the t<:>t'monv of one of hi- deaie-t political
Ij lends as to Ins ehaiactci, we republish the opinion winch
the pre«cntCleik ot' the Senate had ot him at that period.
" Tiie Fennel vaman of September 19,1 Sol, thus t-poke of
Him:
l( ' RcbLEY now stands befui e the public blackened with
the guilt of shameless innonsiytpncy.per^onai treachery, and
the meanest liypociisy.' * * * « \Ve may
regard to
this mattei, investigation can do no harm. Hence
i say that it is the duty of this House, in a proper,
honest, candid, bold discharge of its duty, to adopt
the amendment of the gentleman from New York.
Mr. KELLEY. Justice to the memory of my
colleague's lamented father requires that I should
say a few woids in response to him. He was my
fnend in the campaign of 1851,and approved my
acts and congratulated me on the ten thousand
majority with which the people honored me in
spite of this slander.
The production of this stale slander is the frank-
est avowal of cooperation with the confederate
forces I have yet heard made on this floor. The
author of the article just read was Robert Tyler,
the present register of the confederate treasury,
the son, and, as he believed, heir apparent of the
late accidental President of the United States,
John Tyler. Colonel Forney is by no means
responsible for it.
Mr. MILLER, of Pennsylvania. I rise to a
personal explanation.
Mr. KELLEY. 1 decline to be interrupted by
the gentleman. I did not interrupt him, and I do
not wish to be interrupted by him. Not even he
will dare to say that that letter from me which he
has caused to be read was ever presented to the
convention to which it was addressed. It never
reached the convention. And so indignant was
the body of the Democratic party at the trick
practiced upon them that they took up its author,
and, while the ticket of that party generally pre-
vailed in the election,gave him ten thousand ma-
jority. I let the people of Pennsylvania answer
Robert Tyler's slanders, thus retailed by my col-
league.
A word as to the amendment of the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Kernan.1 It is in keep-
ing with citations from Robert 1 yler, register of
the treasury of the so-callcd confedeiate States.
Presented under iheguise of protecting us against
official corruption, or the possibility of political
slander, what does it prove to be? Why, it is to
be the means of preventing the women and phy-
sicians and philanthropists and patriots of the
country from flocking to the battle-field to gather
and relieve the wounded and the dying. It js a
blow at the sanitary and Christiaii commissions.
Mr. KERNAN. Will thegentleman from New
York allow me to interrupt him for one moment?
Mr. KELLEY. No, Mr. Chairman, I yield
to none of them.
Mr. KERNAN. The amendment is expressly
against sending men home at Government expense
to vote at elections.
Mr. KELLEY. When I was at Antietam's
field of horrors I saw that there was but one road
by which women could come to the relief of the
wounded soldier—
Mr. STILES. Mr. Chairman 
Mr. KELLEY. The gentleman knows I will
not yield lo him. Sir, this amendment is a blow
aimed at the wounded and dying of our Army.
Mr. STILES. I raise the point of order that
the gentleman is not discussing the question be-
fore the committee.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will pro-
ceed in order.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Let him
say all he lias to say, whether in order or out of
order.
Mr KELLEY. I was, as I have said, at An-
tietam, and civilian as 1 was, lay for three days
and nights with a body of untrained civilians,
protecting the /lank of McClellan's army, and I
remember how we hailed the regiment led by my
gallant friend from Maryland [Mr. Webster] in
Kenly's brigade, when it took position on our
flank, and we felt that we had some disciplined
soldiers near us to share our duty and danger.
There was but one mode of conveyance to that
field, and it was in possession of the Government.
The gentleman's amendment would have excluded
every wife and daughter and sister of a soldier
from all chance of getting there. It would have
kept from that field not only the bishop that has
been refeired to in this debate, but every other
pious man and woman who hastened thither to
soothe the dying and speed them on their way to
the patriot's heaven. Sir, it is a blow the most
open that has yet been struck at our Army, and
cannot be concealed under the slender disguise
of its being a proposition to protect the Govern-
ment against the whispered falsehood of a craven
scoundrel who, while holding an office under the
Government, slanders it and pledges the gentle-
man to whom he breathes his slander that he will
not couple his name with the lie he utters.
Mr. Chairman, the amendment is not needed
for the protection of the Government, people, or
Administration; and there is not in the land a
soldier or a patriot who will not curse the man
that votes for this accursed stab at our soldiers,
wounded and dying on the bloody field.
Mr. KERNAN, Mr. Chairman 
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted.
Mr. KERNAN. 1 do not want to debate, but
ask thegentleman from Pennsylvania to read the
