2200
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 10,
main friend and advocate and supporter of it, he J
says that these banks are an instrumentality, and \
perhaps an absolutely necessary instrumentality, j
toenabluthe Government to return lo specie pay- I
ments. He hardly can perceivc how without |
some such agency the Government itself could
ever return to a specie currency. He attempts to
answer the question which he says is frequently
put to him, why it is that you should have these
banks made to issue paper instead of having the
Treasury issue its own notes. The case is put
thus: " You merely hire the banks, by paying in-
terest on your bonds, to issue a paper currency;"
, and the question is put," Why do that when you
can issue your own cmrency and pay no interest
for it?" Among the various answers which he
makes or attempts to make to that natural inquiry,
is this one:
"The1 restoration of the cmrency and the resumption of
specie payments does not seem to me so Jar otF.is otheis
appear to iluufc it; and bPhtvui" that the tesiimptiem ot'
specie payment- is desuabh: and not impossible within no
very di-tmit penod, it seems to me it maybe neeo^aiy,
when tli.tt time comes, to withchaw the Government notes
fiom cueulution, so that specie may again be the only
'lawful money* ol the countiy.
a [ see no way in winch Government notes could be re-
deemed in spec!'1; and f feai that an} other leg li tendei
than com could not well exist vi Uh specie payment--.
Tlieiefore, to eonlme the ritrhr of issuing paper lot cm
rency to the Trea?uiy Depaittneut'would m-ciii to he a pei-
manent ariangement ioi an uieileemable emroney. Wnea
the act wa< pa-s><'d authoi i/mi; the* u-.-'iic ol the h'jjul-fcndei
notes, no one advocated it as a permanent mea^tue, hut
only as a tcmpoiarv expedient to meet the emergency (lint
exited aftei the bank- had suspended specie p.ijiueut-. at
theelo e ot the yeai Jb()i."
You will observe, Mr. President, the theory is
that these agencies are necessary to bo put in
operation as a means of ultimately enabling the
Government to return to specie payments. ]f
that be true, if these very banks ate to be the es-
sential instruments in the hands of the Govern-
ment, the machineiy for enabling it to leturn to
specie payments, does it not at once occur to the
mind that they cannot do it unless thev have
some specie to do it with, unless they have some-
thing lo begin with ? ! fancy that it will be found
exceedingly difficult for any man to imagine how
that instrumentality can be used unless by ena-
bling them to have some specie to begin it with.
My proposition, as now amended, is nothing
more than that of the gold which they receive from
the Government they shall be required to keep
one fourth of it, as they receive it trom tune to
time, toward their surplus fund, which they are
required by the bill to keepalways on hand. Tn
that way, in the course of some si x teen yeat s, they
would get in coin the whole of then ic^erve fund.
i do not know but that the autietpationsof men
of an immediate jeturn to specie payments may
be true; but i do know that the Hank of England
did not return to .specie payments till nine ot ten
years after the close of the war because of which
specie payments were suspended,
Mr. SHERMAN. Specie payments were re-
eunted on the 1st of January, 1W23.
Mr. COLLAMER. And the war closed in
1815, so that it was eight years before they up-
turned to specie payments with ail their ability
and strength. It seems to me a plain matter of
common prudence to lutve tiiese bunks make then-
reserve fund giadually out of tins com, a fund
which they must keep and keep without using.
The Senator horn Ohio says thev may use this
reserve fund. How.' Can they redeem their cur-
rency that they put out, with it? No, not ac-
coidmg to thf; provisions of the bill, for the bill
says that they shall at all tunes have the leseive
fnud on hand. Of course if they must keep it on
hand at all times they cannot use it for their re-
demptions If the unserve fund consists of Treas-
ury notes, greenbacks, the effect of my ptopo-
sition Will be that just as much gold as they put
into the reserve hind will relieve a similar amount
of greenbacks, and enable them to redeem their
curictn'y \\ uh them. I think it is doing them no
huti, and is a preparation for doing a little good.
I ask for the yea& and nays on the proposition.
The yeas and nays weie ordered; and being
taken, je&ulted—yeas 35, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—31esst^. Cailile, Culiamer, Davis,, Dixon, Doo-
iiltie. Foot. Fostet, Gtim^s Henderson, Johnson, Ncsmith,
Powell. jHanMnu \, Ti umbull, and \Vt!ley—lo.
. XAYS-- Mwi = . Chandler. Claik,Conness, nale.Hatlan,
Howaut, Howe, Lane ot Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Mo,-
gan, I'omeroy, Kanw-y, Sherman, Sprague, Sumner, Ten
Evek, Van VVinKle, Wade, WiMun-on, and Wibon—20.
"AliSENT—•We3Sid. Anthony. Biown, Jiuckdlew, Cowan,
Feesendett, Harding, llanis, Hendricks, Hicks, McDou- j
gal!. Alortill, Ilichaidson, Riddle, and Wright—J4. j
So the amendment was lejected.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have another amend- i
ment which I wish to propose as an additional !
section:
♦#h<1 he it further enacted, That the amount of Treasury
notes in any torru now authoiized to be issued shall not ho
uwieased, and that «nch amount shall bftdirmm-hed to the
i-ame amount that bills of national cuncney are issued to
associations.
Tiie Secretary of the Treasury in his last re-
port gave us pretty distinctly to understand that
he thought the full amount of Treasury notes had
then been issued that should be issued. 1 repeat
that as I undei stand the report made to us last
December by the Secretaiy, in lus opinion the
amount of Treasury notes or currency which had
been issued was all that ought to be issued. It
would naturally occur to the mind, bow came
there anymore to be issued? I am sensible that
in many parts of the country, and especially in
New York, the papers constantly ropicsent that
the Secretary of the Treasury has put a large
amount of greenbacks into circulation this win-
ter and has also issued and put into circulation a
huge amount of the five per cent, legal-tender
notes with a view and in tent to so ieduce the price
of the currency that people would be willing to
fund it in his ten-forty nvo per cent, bonds, and
much complaint has been made about it. 1 think
it no more than justice when a question of this
kind comes up that the truth should be told about
it. The fact is, as 1 understand, that the Secre-
tary of the Treasury from last December forward
had no desire to issue any more Treasury notes,
nor has he of his own accord done it for any
amount; but Congress voted, for instance, to pay
bounties to a very large amount—I merely men-
tion that as sufficient to cover it—which con-
strained and compelled him to issue them, not of
his own aecoul, not of jus fault, and for no such
purpose and with no such motive as I see fre-
quency charged upon him m the papers.
Sir, necessity lias compelled theissue; and it is
not to he disguised that that issue has inflated J:he
cuiiency, and thus caused depreciation. Theie
is no doubtabout it. Every man knows it. The
difficulty is a gieat deal aggravated by the im-
pression upon the community that we know not
where this is to stop; we know not whether iheie
is ever to be any end to it. That is the condition
m which we are, and it is desired, if it be pos-
sible, to reduce that circulation, not to increase
it. Tln-re lire but two ways m which currency
of this kind when enlarged and too much inflated
can be taken up: one way is by taxes; tbeother
way is by funding, loaning it to the people, say-
ing to them, if you will take up some of these
nctes, say #100 ot $1,000, and return them to the
Treasury, we will give you a Government note
lunning for twenty years or forty years on in-
terest, and pay the inteiestin gold. There are
but these two ways of getting up your paper.
I do not propose to enter into a large discus-
sion of the manner m which these two modes
should be exercised. In taking them up hy taxes
there is one of those applications of the doctrine
of compensation that comes m question; and that
iSj the mote you issue and the more they depre-
ciate' tin- ca^iei&it i« to pay taxes With them. I
(i<) not know of any other blcs.sing or good that
can come out of that to anybody. The tax-payer
will [tay his taxeseasier when theyaremade very
plenty and aie much depiociated. As to funding,
we had a pretty good experience about that. So
long as we gave out bonds at six per cent, they
wore fumW fastenough. They are funding \erv
cousideiably now at five per cent.; but that is be-
cause ot tin1 met eased iSMieand the increased de-
preciation. The fact is, the Government iraiu vn y
htth* or nothing in that one per cent. If you de-
pi i-ciate your curro'ney so that, if you please, you
can tund it at four per cent., you will have to vo
a great deal more for youi supplies for the Gov-
ernment and for the Army, and for everything
else, and what we shall gam in the per cent, of
the funding we lose ten times over in the price.
1 drsnv in .lome way, if we can, to do a latie
to relieve the public mind and public apprehen-
sion on the suhpetof the amount of these issues,
if the issuts die to go on as hrge from the Gov-
ernment and continue to inciease, and these banks
put theirs out too, certain it ij that will not allay
the public apprehensions in the least. If 1 had
my own Avay about it to do'what I believed woo'd
be best, I would this day pass a distinct resolu-
tion, or incorporate it in this bill, that there should
be no more issued beyond what is now out. That
would settle the difficulty in the public tnmd in a
great degree. But, sir, I despair of beinj* ena-
bled to do that, and therefoie I wish now to do
another thing, which, I bHieve,would be exceed-
ingly acceptable to the Treasury and be of some
leiief to the people. 1 wish to say to the commu-
nity there shall not be any more issued than la
now authorized by law to be issued. I cannot tell
exactly what the limit of that authority is; per-
haps the Senator from Ohio can tell.
Mr.SHERMAN. Nine hundred million dol-
lars. In a certain contingency he was author-
ized to issue *>400,000,000 of that amount in five
per cent, legal-tender notes. The Senator will
admit with mo it is but just to say that the Sec-
retary of the Treasury has always opposed and
resisted the issuing of any of these notes until he
was compelled to do so by the legislation of Con-
gress.
Mr. COLLAMER. [ have said that as strongly
as I could.
Mr. SHERMAN. But power was given him
by Congress to issue a very large sum; 1 think
about nine hundred million dollars.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have said as plainly as
I could say, if gentlemen think that coming from
me it is of any sort of use, that this great issue
of Treasury notes is not agreeable to the Secre-
tary's views, but entirely otherwise. We have
forced him to issue them. We said, for instance,
that those bounties to volunteers should he paid,
and he had to pay them. The Secretary fold us
last December pretty plainly that in his opinion
all were out that ought to be, the limit had been
reached, and depreciation would follow any fur-
ther increase. I wish it to be distinctly under-
stood that since that time we have passed laws
requiting those bounties to be paid to the amount
of I do not know how many millions.
Mr. SHERMAN. One hundred and ten mil-
lion dollars.
Mr. COLLAMER. More than one hundred
million dollars, and he had no mode of paying it
but to issue Treasury notes. We compelled him
to issue them.
Mr. GRIMES. With his assent.
Mr. COLLAMER. I do not know how much
assent he gave to it; but certain itis, it was not his
voluntary act. Therefore, it is not true, as 1 have
before said, that he issued that currency in order
to enable bun to float five per cent, bonds. It is
due to him to say that this very imperative course
of ours compelled him to make this large issue;
but 1 believe he lias not issued a dollar but what
he was obliged to issue in payinentof debts. He
has issued these notes; but what is the effect'1
Pieeis^Iy what he told us it would be last Decem-
ber. 1 blame nobody about it. The necessities
of the case occasioned it. "We could not help it.
The issuing of these notes has increased the
currency so that there lies been depreciation,as 1
before remarked, if we could take it upon us to
say that there should be no gi eater amount issued
than is now issued, that the Secretary might re-
issue itas it comes in, butshould not increase the
volume beyond what it now is, [ should be very
glad of it, atid I believe U would be of great pub-
lie good; but despairing of being able to do that,
1 have presented my amendment simply to pro-
vide that the amount now authorized by law to
be issued shall not be increased. I do not say "the
amount which has been issued 1 suppose 1 could
not get that; but I say that the amount now au-
thorized to be issued shall not be increased.
Tixn-e is one other thing contained m my
amendment which 1 think will be worth some-
thing to the community jf tlmy pay attention to
it, as moneyed men always will, and it ss this;
buppoM*, foi 'ustanee, the pn-sent amount authoi-
ized to be issued consists ofseveul million moie
than haa now been hsu'hi; I say that that t,ha!l
not be increased. Then I propose further to add
that as much of this national hank paper, which
js to be issued from the Tieasury to me hwocm-
tions for them to circulite, as is dedivuiul out
fiom the Tieasury to these associations1, by that
amount the gioss amount of Treasury notes au-
thorized to be issued shall he diminished. For
instance, suppose that $12,000,00U are authonzcd
