1864.-
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE..
2201
to bo issued in all, and $6,000,000 have already
been issued. Then my amendment would pro-
vide that there shall not be issued any moie than
the £1:2,000,000, and that that £12,000,000 shall
be ieduced by the amount of paper which is de-
livered out by the Treasury to th 'se banks for
them to issue; that it shall not be duplicated and
be in !*oth foims at the same time. That is the
substance of my amendment. I think its adop-
tion will be woith something. I think it will
tend, in some degree, to give the public to under-
stand that there is some limit to this thing be-
yond winch n will not go.
Mr. SHERMAN. As the proposition of the
Senator fiom Vermont is a very important one, I
think I can state very briefly some reasons why
it ought not to be adopted. I will ask the Sec-
retary to read the first clause of the amendment.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Jlnd he it fnithcr enacted. That the amount of Treasury
note- in any form now authorized to be issued thai! not be
increased.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is sufficient. It pro-
vides that the amount of Treasury* notes now
authorized shall not be increased. The first reply
is, that the amount cannot be increased without
an act of Congress. It is*proposed now to say
that the amount now authorized bylaw shall not
be increased. What is the use of passing this
negative proposition when no increase can be
made except by an act of Congress? It amounts
simply to this: that we will now say that we will
not m any future time pass an actof Congress in-
creasing the amount of the Treasui y notes. That
is the position we are asked to assume. I am
opposed to an increase of any mote Treasury
notes,and 1 haveahvays n sifted the large amount
alt cad y granted; but I ask if the pro posit ion of the
Senator is anything more than a wimple promise
by Congress that they will not authorize the in-
crease of any more Treasury notes? How can
we tell ? It is a simple declaration. It has not
the force of law. It does not bind us at the next
session, and it does not bind the next Congress.
It is a simple declaration of opinion; and that is
proposed to be put on the bank bill. It seems to
me that is a sufficient objection to the amendment.
But that is not tdl. By the present law, and
the Senator is probably aware of that, the Sec-
retary of the Treasury is authorized to issue
$400,000,000 of five per cent, legal-tender Treas-
ury notes, of which he has issu* d onlv ••WOO,000,-
000. He may goon and issue$200.000,000 moip,
and this amendment would not restiam him from
issuing them; it would not limit the operation of
the existing law. It is only a kind of indirect
promise that Congress will not pass any mote
such acts. In the first place, it is idle to make
such a promise, because at the next session we
may change our minds.
But, sir, in addition to that, we know that the
Secretary of the Treasui y has resisted the issuing
of these Treasui y notes. He stated m his report
in December last that he thought the maximum
of legal tendeis had been reached, and he said he
would not, unless compelled to do so by the ne-
cessities ot the country, issue any more, although
he was authorized by law to issue them. But
when the bounty system was established he was
comp<ll<-d to do it. He resisted in the first in-
stance. 11^ Wrote a letter here and resisted it;
but it was finally adjudged by Con^ivss lhat the
public, faith was pledged to the payment of (hose
bounties; that we could not-avoid making pio-
vision f<>i their payment. The Secretary of War,
it is true, estimated the amount only at £20,000,-
000; but we ail knew that that was an eironeous
estimate, and Congress, yielding to the pressuie
of popular opinion in ali the Slates and anions
(lie people to pay to the soldi' is Luge bounties,
finally authorized by law the pnym-mt of those
large bounties. What could the Seeicteiy '!<>'
He had jesisfed it. lie had said that more Tieas-
ury notes ought not to be issued, lie sain, in
fact, that he would not be compelled to issue any
more Tieasnry notes, but Congress did compel
him to do it. Congress adopted and sanctioned
the position taken by the Secretary ot War, and
passed a law authot iztn<r the cont,nuance of those
bounties, and u (pin ed the Secietai y of the Tieas-
ury to pay them.
Mr. COWAN. He unload it.
Mr.SHERMAN. 1 know hemdmsed ufinally
on compulsion, justas wedid lie finally yielded
an assent to it; and he did wrong, in my judg-
ment, and 1 think we ail did wrong, in finally
yielding to it. I believe that at the very time this
Senate agieed to that enactment not one third of
the Senators approved it; and yet we yielded to
it because by the act of the Administration
pledges had been made, men had been induced
to enlist, the money had been promised,and there
was no way to pay that money except by issuing
Treasui y notes. At that time the Secretary was
borrowing money at the rate of about two mil-
lion doilars aday, which was absorbed in thecur-
rent expenses of the country, and there was no
way to meet this additional payment except by
issuing these notes.
Mr. JOHNSON. Those bounties ought to
have been paid.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think they ought not to
have been paid. The actof the Administration
in October last in promising these bounties was
not sanctioned by law, and we, at the beginning
of the session, ought to have put a stop to it; but
it was deemed hard upon the soldiers, who had
enlisted, hard upon the Governors who had is-
sued pi oclamations, and hard upon the people
who had been promised large bounties, and we
were compelled by a sort of duress to yield, and
the Secretary of the Treasury was compelled to
issue this additional amount of Treasury notes.
Rut he has resisted (and the Senator from Ver-
mont propelly gives him credit for it) every
issue of these Treasury notes, and he will not
now issue one dollar more if he can help it. As
he has recently told us in a letter to the chairman
of the Committee on Finance, he is now redu-
cing these Treasuiy notes. When the inteiest-
beaung legal tenders are paid into the Treasury
in the ordinary course of the collection of taxes,
they are not it-issued, but are canceled; and his
desire is to keep down the issue. Everybody
knows that the large amount of Treasury notes
now m the market inflating the currency of the
country tends to derange prices; the inevitable
effect is to tend to derange prices. He, having
the charge of the Treasury Department, natur-
ally desires to letire this money, and the purpose
of passing this bill is to furnish a kind of money
which somebody will be compelled to redeem.
The peculiarity of our Treasury notes is that
those that are on time nobody is bound to re-
deem until thoy are due. There is no way to re-
deem the greenbacks except by funding. But by
the issue of national cui lency you provide some-
body, private individuals and pi ivate banks, whose
duty it is to ledecm these bills at various places.
I say, therefore, in regard to the first portion of
the amendment, that it is simply an idle promise
which it is scarcely worth while for us to make.
1 will ask the S«cretary to read thesecond clause
of ihe aniendment:
The Secretary lead it, as follows:
And ih.-f Mich amount fh.iil be diminished to the fain^
amount that bills of national cinicney arc issued to asso-
ciations.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no doubt that the
amount of outstanding currency will be reduced
even more rapidly—and that is the desire of the
Secietary—than the channels of circulation ate
fi!l< d by these new bank hi I is. But I ask whether
if is reasonable or proper to make a requirement
of this kind, which may create embarrassment.
How can they tell? To-day, under the law, they
may issue to a banking association $$300,000 of
ihis new paper money. Would you require on
that same day the same amount of greenbacks to
be lelited ?
Mr. COLLAMER. The Senator misunder-
stands the amendment. It is not thattheie shall
be the same amount of circulation taken out. It
m that that shall be deducted from the amount
which they are authouzed by Ian'-to issue, and
not from that vv Inch they ha vc issued. Suppose,
for instance, (hat the Secretary is authouzed to
issue £iv>,000,000 of Treasury notes, and he has
is-'in d haft ot it. Now, under my proposition,
the paper ^iven to these bank's for circulation is
.tube taken out uf the 000,000 which is au-
1 Unitized to be issued, but which has not been is-
sued.
Mr. SHERMAN. Th.it is oven more ineffect-
ive than the other pi oposition, for t he Secretary ls;
authorized to i<s-oie ^'00,1)00,000 now by law,
which he has not issued, and which lie will not
i^sue unless he is compelled to issue it. Now
you rerjuire hini to operj a book in which he is to'
put down that $200,000,000, and whenever any
notes are issued to a national bank you require
him to offset that amount.
Mr. COLLAMER. How much is he author-
ized to issue beyond the amount already issued?
Mr. SHERMAN. Two hundred million dol-
lars, in round numbers. The law which I have
before me, the loan act of 1863, authorized him
to issue $400,000,000 of legal-tender interest-bear-*
ing Treasury notes. He" has issued abo&t two
hundred millions—not quite that amount. He
has the power to issue $£00,000,QQO more.
Mr. COLLAMEK. He is authorized to issue -
Treasury notes.
Mr. SHERMAN. These are the only Treas-
ury notes he is authorized by law to issue which'
have notbeen issued. All the reserves, I believe,
have been reached, except these $200,000,000.
When we know that these Treasury notes will
not be issued, unless there is some great public
exigency to require it, or Congress by some new
legislation should require it, what is the use of
requiring him to keep this account between the
amount he is now authorized to issue and whatv
he has issued under this act? It seems to me the
amendment is totally ineffective, and will only
create embarrassment without doing any good
whatever.
I desire to accomplish the object of the Senator
from Vermont; and that is, to reduce our inflated
paper money. From the beginning of the war L
have done all I could to restrain the issue of this
paper money as much as any one, and have op-
posed it so far as 1 could. I know very well,
however, that the exigencies of the war com-
pelled us to issue it; but every time we have been
compelled to increase the amount I have resisted
it as much as any Senator on this floor. I desire
yet to resist it; but we are compelled by the pres-
sure of the war from time to time to issue ^aper
money when we have not got anything else to pay
with. If, therefore, the Senator really desires to
make the point before the Senate that no more
Treasury notes shall be issued, why not intro-
duce a bill to repeal the act I have now before
me, which would take away from the Secretary
of the Treasury the power to issue any more
paper money? If such a proposition were made
in the proper place and in proper form we might
discuss it, although I think it would be wiser to
leave the power discretionary with the Secretary
of the Treasury, especially when we know that
he will never cxercise that power unless com-
pelled to do so by the force of circumstances.
This amendment is not nppropiiafe to a bank
bill. One half of it, perhaps, might be appro-
priate to a bank bill,buton the whole it amounts
to nothing. I think, however, if adopted at all,
it would come in much better in another place;
but, m my opinion, it would be totally ineffect-
ive; it would be idle, and give trouble and em-
barrassment without doing any good. That is
the impression it has made on my mind.
Mr. COLLAMEil. The gentleman,inspeak-
ing of the fust clause of my amendment,does not
put the estimate that I do upon it. He agrees
with me that prices arc much disturbed,and that
the amount of circulation is too large, if wc could
have our way about it. Certainly, it has been
enlaiged by ali that has been issued since last
December. I am perfectly sensible that the first
clause of the amendment, providing that the
amount now authorized to be issued shall not be
increased, can be repealed. I presume the gen-
tleman did not suppose I thought otherwise. I
am sensible that it is within the power of Con-
«nss to repeal the laws that we pass. But, sir,
I said before, and now say again, that if we will
say to the community in a law passed by the two
Houses of Congress that theie shall not be any
I £i eater issue of paper money, 1 behove 11 will quiet
| ihe public mind, if we >dy to them that the
( amount now authorized to be issued, which is
i £'200,000,000 moie than there is out now, shall
| not be exceeded, 1 think that would in itself have
an excellent healing effect. Even though they
knew as well as we do that Congress might re-
peal it, yet they would believe that there must be
some imperious necessity existing which would
cause us repeal. I am theiefore desirous that
that should be inserted in the bill. The answer
which the gentleman makes, that it could be re-
pealed, to me no answer at all. It wa& nut a
