.1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLQBF).
amendment, and he will see that his remarks do
not apply to it.
Mr. MILLER, of Pennsylvania. I withdraw
the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. KJ2RNAN. My amendment simply pro-
vides that persons employed in the civil depart-
ment of the Government shall" not be transported
to and from their homes at the public expense.
It does not refer to benevolent persons, or to the
wives or children of soldiers.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding:
Except, however, such transportation as may be properly
furnished (or the wives and relatives of sick and wounded
soldiers, and members of the sanitary commission.
Mr. CHANLER called for the reading of Mr.
Keunan's amendment.
The amendment was read.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate upon thia clause
is not in order.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to say that upon
reading the proposition of the gentleman from
New York, the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Kelley] was so clearly mistaken in his
statement, it so clearly does not mean what he sug-
gested it meant, that I will withdraw my amend-
ment.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is out of
order in debating.
Mr. ODELL, I will move to insert in the
amendment of my colleague the word " civilians."
The amendment as it is before us would only em-
brace a very small class of persons.
Mr. K.ERNAN. I will accept the modifica-
tion suggested by my colleague.
The question was put on the amendment of
Mr. Kernan as modified; and on a division, there
were—ayes 42, noes 65.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Rolman and
Thayer were appointed.
The question was again put; and the tellers
reported—ayes 42, noes 63.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. There seems to be but one
section to the bill. I wish to mquiie whether it
would be in order to go back to a paragraph we
have passed, i desire to submit an amendment
to the paragraph at the end of line forty.
The CHAIRMAN. The motion would not
be in order.
Mr. HOLMAN." I move to amend at the end
of line one hundred and fifty by adding to be
applied for the benefit of persons in the service
of the United States.,, The paragraph would
then read:
For medical and hospital department, $8,935,640, to be
applied for the benefit of persons in the service of the United
States.
There ought to be no objection to that amend-
ment, as it can scarcely be desired that this money
should be applied for the benefit of any other
class of persons. The whole appropriation is
$8,935,640. The object is for the medical and
hospital department. I discover in looking over
the estimates for this purpose that they are based
upon the following calculation: in the first place
the estimates were made to amount in the aggre-
gate to $10,080,000, calculated at the rate of ten
dollars per man for an aggregate of twenty-three
thousand five hundred and sixty-four regulars,
seven hundred and twenty thousand volunteers,
and five dollars each for three hundred thousand
contrabands, making §1,500,000. These esti-
mates, however, seem to have been subsequently
revised, and the aggiegate reduced to ^3,935,640,
but which still includes an estimate for three hun-
dred thousand contrabands at five dollars each,
persons not in any way employed by the Gov-
ernment. Thus, wfeile the aggregate is reduced,
the aggregate still retains the $1,500,000. Thus
nearly one sixth of the entire expense of the med-
ical and hospital department of this great Army
is devoted to contrabands, not colored soldiers,
who have been token under the charge of the
War Department. 1 add the estimate, which ex-
plains itself, although in the estimate preceding
both of the above the number of soldiers at ten
dollars each, and five hundred thousand contra-
bands, make the aggregate of $14,892,730. In
the statement below the number of soldiers is
reduced, and the number of " contrabands'* also
reduced to three hundred thousand at five dollars
each:
Sorgeox Generates Office,
Washington-, D. O., November %1,1853.
Sir: I have the honor to submit revised estimates of
funds required for the medical and hospital department of
the Army for the year ending June 30,1865. '
In accordance vyith your instructions, the several items
and aggregate amount have bwen reduced four tenths from
the estimate of the 2d of October. That estimate of
$14,892,730 was calculated at ten dollars each for an ag-
gregate of one million two hundred and thirty-nine ibous-*
and two hundred and seventy-three soldiers, and five dol-
lars each for five hundred thousand contrabands. The
present is calculated at the same ratio for seven hundred
and fifty-three thousand five hundred and sixty-four sol-
diers and three hundred thousand contrabands,ai d amounts
to §8.935,640.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JOSEPH K. BARNES,-
•Acting Surgeon General.
Hon. E. M. Stanton, Secretary of War,
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
The committee informally rose, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, a message was received
from the Senate, by Mr. Hickey, their Chief
Clerk, informing the House that the Senate had
passed a bill for the better organization of the In-
dian affairs in California; in which he was directed
.to a3k the concurrence of the House.
The committee then resumed Us session, and
proceeded again to the consideration of the
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HOLMAN. Now, if these persons here
called ucontrabands," for whom, as it'will be
seen from this statement,$l,500,0G0ofthismoney
is designed, were in the service of the United
States, whatever might be my opinion as to the
propriety of their employment, still the appropri-
ation would be proper, and ought to be made. But
if, on the contrary, $1,500,000 or §900,000 is to be
appropriated out of the Treasury for the benefit of a
class of persons in nowise connected with the Gov-
ernment, and having no employment under the
Government, then 1 think the amendment I have
offered restricting the benefits of the appropria-
tion to those in the service of the United States
is proper and ought to be adopted. There seems
to be no estimate here for the families, wives, and
children of white persons who have been driven
from their homes in the progress of this war from
Missouri, Aikansas, Tennessee, and North Car-
olina, by reason of their loyalty totheUnion,and
who are in destitute circumstances, losingevery-
thing, indeed, in their noble hostility to treason,
but the benefit is all to go to contrabands; they
alone are entitled to sympathy. Now, 1 know of
no reason why this $1,500,000 should be appro-
priated unless it be to persons having some con-
nection with our Army, and I hope, therefore, this
amendment will be adopted.
Mr. STEVENS, t hope this amendment will
not be adopted. We are making this appropria-
tion m the ordinary way to defray a portion of
the public expenses. I know the gentleman is
very much disturbed at the idea of a contraband
or a fugitive from treason now and then getting
into one of these hospitals and receiving^some
medicine at the expense of the Government. It
is very bad, to be sure, but I am not after all dis-
posed to limit the discretion of the medical offi-
cers of the Army as to who shall be admitted into
the hospitals. 1 do not think it is worth while
for us to select the exact men and determine ex-
actly how far each man in the hospital is in the
service of the Government before he gets his med-
icine. I hope the gentleman's amendment will
be rejected. We have had it offered already on
one or two occasions; it has been supported with
the same remarks, and the House has voted it
down in the same way.
Mr. HOLMAN. If it is proper to appropri-
ate $1,500,000 for this particular class why is it
not proper to appropriate §1,500,000 for that very
large class of white persons driven out of the same
section of country, and who may be presumed
equally to rtecd the fostering hand of the Govern-
ment? The objection 1 have is that it appropri-
ates so much for a particular class called con-
trabands, and not a cent for others who have
been driven out by treason—they are to have all
the kindness of the Government, and no appro-
priation is made for white persons.
Mr. STEVENS. If any of that class gets to
the hospital he will get as much medicine as he
wants,- I do not wish to re^tr^in. theirr, and|
think it had better be leftas'itiVat present.,
can discuss all of these questions. {Turing,the. heii
campaign'. ' ' ' :
The amendment was rejected. • i
The Clerk read as follows:
the expenses of the commanding,, general's office,
§HJ)UvUi " * '
Mr.FARNSWORTH. 1 move to strike that
out. The amount is not large, but I am in favor
of retrenchment in small as well as in large iterajS.
I do not see the necessity for these expenses.
Every officer in the headquarters here is allowed . *
offices or commutation for quarters, and I do not
see the propriety of the Government furnishing
offices and at the same time paying.commutation
for quarters. (Jnless, therefore, the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means can show
some necessity for this appropriation I hope it
will be stricken out.
Mr. STEVENS. There is a headquarters es-
tablished in this city for which this appropriation
is necessary. We made it last year and the year
before. We made the same appropriation to,pay
the expenses of that institution. We are asked
to do the same thing now, and we are not disposed
to refuse it. Unfortunately, General Haileckis
not commander-in-chief; but if I understood'this
recent order of Lieutenant General Grant, this
office is to be kept up,.find Major General Halleck
is to be chief of staff, to whom all communica-
tions are to be addressed. Unless this appropri-
ation is made there will be no fund to keep up
that office. It is no more now than it was before.
If I understood the Department rightly, it is ab-
solutely necessary, anu I hope the amendment
will not prevail.
The amendment was rejected.
The Cleric read as follows:
For repairs and improvements at arsenals, including new
and additions to present buildings, and machinery, tools,
and fixtures, §2,000,000.
Mr. PRICE. I move to add the following:
For continuing the work on the Kock Island armory, at
Rock Island, Illinois, §100,000.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope that amendment will
not prevail. The present appropriation is • not
confined to any particular work, but the Depart-
ment may expend it wherever it deems proper.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to add the following:
For compensation of two clerks In the signal office,
$3,800.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to add the following:
For enabling the wives and friends of sick and wounded
soldiers to visit the same, where unable to incur the ex-
pense, to be applied under the direction of the Quarter-
masterGeneiai tiuough assistant quartermasters in the sev-
eral States, under such restrictions as may be approved by
the Secretary of War, $150,000.
Mr. Chairman, I only want to say in behalf of
that proposition that the wife of many a sick and
wounded soldier is actually debarred from visit-
ing her husband in the hospital or in the field, even
in the cases where such visits are permitted, from
inability to incur the expense. The soldier's wife
with her family of little children, supported by
her own labor and whatever the soldier can spare
of his pittance of thirteen dollars per month, is
actually excluded from the privilege of soothing
his agony from wounds or sickness in the cheer-
less hospital, by the indigence to which you con-
sign the private soldier by the insufficiency of his
pay. By this bill you appropriate §1,500,000 to
persons having no connection with the public ser-
vice nor any peculiar claims on your bounty. Is
it not proper that this appeal to the beneficence of
Government should be favorably considered?
I have known many instances where the benev-
olence of the community had provided the small
pittance to enable the wife to visit her sick or dy-
ing husband.
Mr. STEVENS. I rise to a point of order, if
I understand the amendment. I ask that it may
be read again.
The amendment was read.
Mr. STEVENS. I first thought it related to
disabled soldiers, but I see it does not. It creates
a new law, and therefore I object to it.
Mr. HOLMAN. I do not understand the point
made by tliegentleman from Pennsylvania. This
