1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
that the preamble and resolutions may be referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I offcra memorial from a com-
mitteeappointed by the German Radical National
Club of Philadelphia, in relation to military con-
scription, the conclusion of which is as follows:
" That they appeal to the wisdom of Congress by the Jaws
providing that instead of conscription hereafter we shall
have a military system properly classifying all able-bodied
men without nubbtitution, and with only few exemptions
of a strictly determined character; which system, if faith-
fully executed beyond the reach of favor and discrimina-
tion, political or medical, would, in our opinion, male? this
nation unconquerable by any enemy, foreign or domestic.,}
This is signed by a committee several in num-
ber. I ask its reference to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs and the Militia.
The motion was agreed to.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, to whom was referred a message
of the President of the United States, transmitting
a copy of a treaty between the United States and
Great Britain for the final settlement of the claims
of the H-udson Bay and Puget Sound Agricul-
tural Companies, and recommending an appropri-
ation to carry into effect the first, second,and third
articles of said treaty, reported a bill (S. No. 187)
to carry into effect the treaty between the United
States and her Britannic Majesty, for the final set-
tlement of the claims of theljudson Bay and Pu-
gct Sound Agricultural Companies; which was
read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. SUMNER. The select committee on sla-
very and freedmen, to whom have been referred
a large number of nptitions calling upon Congress
to provide by legislation for the extinction of sla-
very, have had the same under consideration, and
have directed me to make a report m part of a
bill (S. No. 188) to prohibit commerce in slaves
among the several States, and the holding or trans-
porting of human beings, as property, in any ves-
sel within the jurisdiction of the national Govern-
ment.
The bill was read, and passed to a second read-
ing.
Mr. GRIMES, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom was referreda bill (S.
No. 84) to incorporate the Metropolitan Gas-Light
Company, in the District of Columbia, asked to be
discharged from its further consideration; which
was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, who were
instructed to inquire whether any additional legis-
lation is necessary to improve the sanitary con-
dition of Washington and Georgetown, asked to
be discharged from the fut ther consideration of
the subject; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, who were
instructed to inquire into the expediency of wa-
tering Pennsylvania avenue during the session
of Congress, asked to be discharged from the
further consideration of the subject; which was
agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL,from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred a bill (S. No. 87) to extend
the provisions of an act entitled "An act to pro-
vide compensation for the services of George Mo-*
roll in adjusting titles to land in Michigan, reported
it adversely.
Mr. HARLAN, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred a resolution of
the Legislature of Kansas in favor of a grant of
land to aid in the construction of a railroad from
Fort Leavenworth to Fort Scott, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (S. No. 180) in relation to
university lands in Minnesota, reported it ad-
versely.
Mr. HARDING, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was teferred a bill (S. No.
181) in reference to donation claims in Oregon
and Washington, reported it with amendments.
PRINTING OF A REPORT.
On motion of Mr. MORRILL, it was
Ordered, That the supplemental report oV the engineer of
the Washington aqueduct ot February 22, 1^64, made to
the Secretary ufthu Intcuor.and by him eommumeaiou to
the Committee on the District ot Columbia, be printed.
BILLS INTttOUUCtCD.
Mr. HARRIS asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No-.
189) for the increase of the marine corps of the
United States; which was read twjee by its title.
Mr. GRIMES. I ask for the reading of the
bill at length.
The Secretary read it. It provides that from
and after its passage the United States marine
corps, as now organized, shall be increased by
the addition of one brigadier general commandant,
five- captains, five first lieutenants, five second
lieutenants, fifty sergeants, sixty corporals, ten
drummers, ten fifers, and one thousand privates.
The additional officers thus authorized arc to be
appointed first by promotion according to rank in
the line of the marine corps and then by selection.
The title of colonel commandant, now established
by law in the marine corps, is also chang^l to
that of colonel.
The bill was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. McDOUGALL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. No.36) in relation to the occupation of
Mexico by France; which was read twice by its
title. e
Mr. McDOUGALL. I ask that the joint res-
olution be laid on the table and printed. I give
notice to the chairman of the Committee on For-
eign Relations and the Senate that I shall call it
up on Friday next.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The joint resolu-
tion will lie on the table, and the order to print
will be made if there be no objection.
REPORT ON INDIAN AFFAIRS.
Mr. GRIMES submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be directed
to transmit to the Senate copies of reports made by a com-
mission appointed by the Pecietary of the fntenor or by
the Commissioner ot Indian Affairs, in 1861. consisting of
Messrs. Day, White, and Wattles, or by cither of said
commiMioneis, and that he transmit to the Senate copies
of al! correspondence between the Secretary of the Interior
or the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, upon Indian af-
fairs, with "said cornmissioneis or with either of them, in-
eluding ail communications made by either of them.
BOUNTY TO NINE MONTHS' MEN.
Mr. WILSON submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That tlio Secrctaiy of War be directed to in-
form the Senate what number of troop? have been raided
for nine months' scrvice undei the aetof Congress approved
July 17, 1^)2, entitled ''An act to amend the act calling
forth the nulitia to execute the law* of the Union, suppiess
insurrection, and lcpel invasion, approved February 28,
liDo, and the acts amendatoiy Ihereot. and for other pur-
poses. '' specif; mg what number have been raised .as volun-
teers and what number as militia; also, whcthei the bounty
of twenty-tivo dollars pievidcd in the third section of said
act, lias "been paid to all tile volunteers so raised, and if not,
to what number said bounty has been paid, and for what
reasons said bounty 1ms been withheld from any such vol-
unteers; also, whethei said bounty lias been paid to any
of the militia eallcd out undrr taid act.
MESSA.C1E FROM TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Li.oyd, its Ciiief Clerk, announced that
the House of Representatives had passed a bill
(No. 198) making appropriations for the support
of the Army for the year ending; the 30th June,
18G5; in which the concuirencc of the Senate was
tequested.
CENT AND TWO CENT COINS.
Mr. CLARK. If there is nothing before the
Senate I will ask the Senate now to take up the
bill (S. No. 183) in amendment of an act entitled
"An act relating to foreign coins and the coin-
age of cents at the Mint of the United States,"
approved Febmary 21, 1857. It is a matter of
some importance that it should be immediately
passed.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
ill Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. The standard weight of the cent
'coined at the Mint of the United States is pro-
posed to be forty-eight grains, or one tenth of one
ounce troy, and the cent is to' be composed of ■
ninety-five per cent, of copper and five per cent,
of tin and zinc, m such proportions as shall be
determined by the Dircctorof the Mint: and fiom
time lo time there is to be struck and coined at the
mint a two cent piece, of the same composition,
of the standard weight of ninety-six grains or one
fifth of one ounce troy, with no greater deviation
than four grains to each piece of the cent and
cent coins; and the shape,'njottoe's, and.deyic? ~
of these coins are to be fixed by the Director of
the Mint, with the approval of the Secretary of
the Treasury. The laws now in force relating to
the coinage of cents and providing for theptfr-
chase of material, and prescribing'theappropriate,
duties of the officers of the Mintand the Secretary
of the Treasury, are to be extended to the coinage-
thus provided for. All laws now iaforce irei&tjffg,
to the coins of the United States.and their striking:
and coining are, so far as applicable, to be ex-
tended to the coinage thus authorized, whether1
these laws are penal or otherwise, for the security
of the coin, regulating and guarding the process
of striking and coining, for preventing debasement
or counterfeiting, or for any other purpose. ThS
Director of the Mint is to prescribe suitable regu-
lations to insure a due conformity to the required
weights and. proportions of alloy in these coins,
and he is to order trials thereof to be made frottl
time to time by the assayer of the Mint, whereof
a report shall be made in writing to the Director.
These coins are to be a legal tender in any pay-
ment, the one cent coin to the amount of ten cents
and the two cent coin totheamountoftwentyeents}
and these coins may be paid out in exchange for
the lawful currency of the United States, except
cents or half cents issued under former acts of
Congress,in suitable sums, by the treasurer of the
Mint and by such otherdepositaries as th"eSecre-
tary of the Treasury may designate, under gen-
eral regulations proposed by the Director of the
Mintand approved by the Secretary of theTreao-
ury; and the expenses incident to such exchange,
distribution, and transmission may be paid out of
the profits of the coinage, and the net profits of
the coinage, ascertained in like manner as' is pre-
scribed in the second section of the act to which this
is a supplement, are to be transferred to the Treas-
ury of the United States. It is further provided
that if any person or persons shall make, issue,
or pass, or cause to be made, issued, or passed,
any coin, card, token, or devicc whatsoever, in
metal or its compounds, intended to pass or be
passed as money for a one cent piece or a two
cent piece, such person or persons shali be deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall on conviction
be punished by a fine not exceeding $1,000, and
by imprisonment for a term not exceeding live
years.
Mr. CLARK. The bill simply provides for
the making of a cent with a different alloy from
that which we now use—a bronze cent alloyed
with tin and zinc, instead of nickel, on account of
the difficulty of obtaining the alloy of the cent
now used; and also provides for the coinage of a
two cent piece of the same kind. I have in my
hand a communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury, recommending this to be done for the
reason that I have suggested, and also a com-
munication from the Director of the Mint. I will
not take the trouble to have them read, unless
some Senator desires it. The bill was carefully
prepared at the Department, and the Committee
on Finance recommend its passage.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
whether this provision for the coinage of a new
cent, and the introduction of atwo cent piece, de-
teriorates the intrinsic value of the cent. The
cent as a general thing does not circulate in the
country now, I think. We see some few of them
here, but m my travels I very seldom see a cent.
I do not know how it maybe ill other portions of •
the country.
Mr. CLARK. There is a very large demand
for them, and we are coining a great many of
them. I think that on account of the rise in the
price of nickel the cent cannot now be made for
a cent, and it is also found to be an inconvenient
alloy. Perhaps I had better send the communi-
cation of the Secretary of the Treasury to the
Clerk, and have it read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Treasury Department, March 5,1864.
Silt: I have the lionni to transmit herewith a copy of a
communication fiom the Director ot the Mint at Philadel-
phia, under date of die 2(1 instant, recoinmenrtin? tile dis-
use of nickel in the cent coinage of the United States, ana
liic substitution of bronze, on account of the scarcity and
inciea-ied expense of the former and the superiority of
the hitter for purposes of coinage; also, the coinage of a
two cent piece of bronze. I tiansmittliedraftorabiHpro-
vidins for the above changes, which I concur with the Di-
rector of the Mint in believing to be to the advantage or
tile public interests, as well as for the convemcncc of the
