THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
January Ki
ted States, on ih'j pretense that such person\ so held or
has so escaped, or that his 'service or labor* is so ' due,' or
with the iiitntt to subject him to such 4 service or laboi,'
lie shail he punished by a fine not less than ^IjOOOnormoit'
thrm .$5,000, and by imprisonment in the State prison notless
than unc nor more than five years.
" Skc. 8. Any person sustaining wrong or injury, by any
proceeding punishable by the preeoding&ection, may main-
tain an action and recover damages therefor in any court
competent to try the same.
"Sec. 9. No person, while holding any office of honor,
trust, or emolument under tlie laws of this Commonwealth,
shall, in any capacity, issue any wauantor other process,
or grant any certificate, under or by virtue of an act of Con-
gress appioved the 12th day of Fcbruaiy, in the year 1793,
entitled'An act respecting fuqitives from justice and per-
feOns escaping from the service of their masters,' oi under
or by virtue of an act of Congress approved the iSthdayot
September,in theycarl850, entitled 1 An aetto amend, and
suppletnentary to, t;An act respecting fugitives fiom justice
and persons escaping from the seivicc of their marten-." '
or shall, in any capacity, serve any such warrant or other
pioeess.
"^ec.JO. Any person,whoshall giant any cetufieate under
or by vntue of the acts of Congress mentioned m the pie-
eediug scction, shall be deemed to have ie-*ign«d any com-
mission from the Commonwealth winch he may possess,
his office shall be deemed vacant, and he shall be forever
thereafter ineligible to any oiljee ofliust, honor* or emolu-
ment undei the laws of this Commonwealth.
" Sec. 11. Any person who shall act as counsel or attorney
for any claimant of any alleged fugitive from set vice oi la-
boi, undei m by virtue of the act* of Congicss mentioned
in the ninth section of 1 hi.s act, shall be deemed to have
resigned any commission fiom the Commonwealth that he
may posses?, and he shall be theie.ifier incapacitated from
appearing a& counsel or attorney in the courtsot thw Com-
monwealth.
{' rfec. 12. The two preceding sections shall not apply to
removal fiom judicial officii; but if either of the actions
theic spectlicd shall be perUumed by any person holding
judicial office undet this Commonwealth, it shall be con-
sidered as a violation oi good behavioi, as weilasaicason
tor loss of public confidence, and as fumis-hiii'i sufficient
ground eifhei for impeachment or for removal by address.
,{riiic. 13. No person wiio holds any office under the laws
of the United States -winch qualifies him to is-,uo any war-
lant or other pieces, oi to giant any certificate under the
acts of Congtess named in the nmlh section of thin act, or
to seivc the same, "-hail at the same tune hold ariv oiUce o!
honoi, trust, oi emolument undei the laws of this Common
wealth.
fc>n<\ 14. Any person holdiiu; any judicial office under
the fonslituhoii oi laws ol this Commonwealth who shall
continue, for ten days alter the passage of tins net, to hold
lf '* office ol United States coinim&sionei, or anv ofhee uti-
de) the lawsol the United Stales which qualifies him to
i.--ue any wtmam. or othei pioee?.', oi urant any cemlkatc
under the a<'ts ot Congios named in the ninth section ot
tlu-s net, shall be deemed to have violated good behavioi, to
Imvi, given reason ioi |o*.s of public c onlidem e, and tiu-
nish tuffieicni mound either lor impeachment or for te-
moval I)) addtess.
" Skc 1.1. Any sheriff, deputy shei iff, jailor, cotonei, con-
stable, oi oilier ofheei of tin-. Commonwealth, oi (lie police
nt any city or town, m any dMnct, eonntv, city, or town
olheer. oi any oflicei orothernieinhei of the voSntueet uiih-
tia of this Commonwealth, who shall heicafter anest, im-
prison, detain, or return, oi ntd m mre iimr, impiwmmg,
detaining, or tetmunm, any per-on. for the iCasoit that he
is claimed or adjudged to be a fugitive from sei v ice m labor,
shall be punished by fine not less, than $1,000 and not e\
coed tug .*,"2,000, and by imprisonment in the rotate [>ii>'<in for
not let-Jihan one noi moi" than two \eais.
*' ch:o. 10. "I'he volunteernulilta oi this Commonwealth
shall not act m any maun.M in the .ei/,ure, detention, oi
icmhtion of anv peisou for the reason that he e- claimed oi
adjudged to be a fugitive fiom service ot laboi. Any meip-
bei oi ihe same who sii.til oflend auaiust the pio\ colons ol
tin • serhon -h«iJl tie punished bj line not levs than ,-1,000
mid not exceed mi.' and by unpi isonment in the St,tic
piiMjii lor not le->. than one not moie than two yeai-'.
'' f?ro. 17. Toe (iovei ik>i , b\ and with the :tdvie< ami con-
sent oi the Council, shall appoint in every count} one oi
more comtnissnmeis, leai nefl in the law, whose dui\ 11 shall
be, in then respective cfmtitic--, wln'ii anv p'u-.on in tm>
riiate is arrested or seized, ot in dangei <«{ iM-tiii? .melted or
seized, a-- a lumli vc fs oin ^ci % ice oi labor, on be, ii<_'in lot in cd
theieot, diligently and faithfully t<i u-"-e all lawful tneair- lo
protet t, defend, and .-<tuie to .-neb alle^-'d lnu'iftve a fan
and tinpartial trial by jury, and the benefits of the ptows-
lon- ot this act; and anj attorney wiio-e sciviecs are de
fctu'd b) tiie alleged lugitive ma}' also act as counsel in the
4< 1H. The cons.ui^^ioiieis shall d'MKty all c\peii-es
of witnesses, clerks' fe^c. find oi^ieef^, fiM'-s, ami othei e\-
pcn-cs wliis h may be mcuried in tne protection ami d< icih-
oi any peison seized or airesfed .is a fugitive from seivice
or laboi; and the same, together with the leasonable
chaises of the coiniut^iouc^ tor then' <eivues as attoi-
neys and counsel m the oave. -hail be paid by the .State
Ueasu1 er, on a v\ at! at J fo bo i-^ucd by the Govt i noi.
k,t5LC. 19. No jail, pn.-on, <-r otliet place ot eonlinement
be!oii^ iiy to or used bv eiih. i tin Comuionu ealth of 31as-
saehusi-tts oi any coipitv tln-ifin, shall lie used for the de-
tention or nnpi wnnnem ofany person accused oi convicted
of any otfetise cieated by efthei oi tiie said acts of Congtess
mentioned m the ninth tocnoa oi tlii^ act, oi accuscd or
convicted of ob-titicting or resisting any process, wanant,
or order, issued under cithei of said acts, oi of rescuing, or
attempting to leseue, any prison «nrested ordetaiued undei
any of the prnviviorw oi euhei of !>aid acD, nor lor tiie tm-
piisoiitnent of any p< rsou .iirested on mesne pioeess, or on
execution m any suit lor damages or penalties aceiuing, ot
bcitii,' c hwmed t<; neciin.-, m eon.s(ii[U«:nce of any aid lon-
dejed to anv e*-eapm<; fn«i!'ve fiom service oi labor.
i-si.r. -l>. Ail the pioviwons ot law a- io the wit] of h>y-
Icas toti>Ub, hcietofoiu e.\i^iing and in ioict., ao f.u u& ap-
plicable, and so far as not hereby changed, shall apply to
the cases arising under tins act.
i( Sec. 21. Nothing in this act shall be construed to apply
to so much of the act of tiie 12th of Febiuary, 1793. as re-
lates to fugitives fiom justice.
Sec. 22. All acts or parts of acts inconsistent with the
provisions of this act are hereby repealed.
" Sec. 23. This act shall' take effect from and after its
passage."
Now, here is one of the Senators from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Sumner,] who avows openly and
boldly, if I understand him", that he is ana was
always against the execution of the fugitive slave
law. Here is the other one furtively trying to evade
the question. I have heard that he was an ad vocate
for this law of his State from which I have read.
If it is not so, he has now time and opportunity
to disavow it; if he does not disavow it, he must
hereafter hold his peace, and the country will re-
ceive it as true. Then, sir, here we have revealed
two higher-lawmen. What is this higher law ?
The Constitution of the United States says that
that instrument, and all laws and treaties made
in pursuance of it, shall be the supreme law of the
land,anything in the constitution or laws of any
State to the contrary notwithstanding. This law
of Congress was executed in Boston, the metropo-
lis of New England, and thereupon that State de-
liberately, wickedly, defiantly passes an elaborate
law to defeat every provision of the fugitive slave
law; and now the two Senators from Massachu-
setts—higher-law men, men who believe that
there is a higher law than the Constitution and
the laws of Congress, and which they claim the
right to institute for themselves, after sustaining
and supporting this law of Massachusetts, and
doing everything, 1 suppose, that they could do
to make it practically dominant and overthrow
the law of Congress—they come up here and
are admitted to seats in this body, and they walk
up to your chair, sir, and take an oath to sup-
port the Constitution of the United States. Sir,
I ask the Senator who so flippantly, without, 1
suppose, understanding the force of his wotds,
charges perjury upon thelips of so many,and such
hotter men than himself, to examine his own heart,
his own conscience, and to answer tins body what
etnue does heeomini!, after sustaining this law of
Massachusetts, when he comes up here and takes
no oath to support the Constitution which the
law of his State pro lanto subverts? It seems to
me that any sense of decency, of justice, any
moral sense, should impel men who occupy that
position to shrink back from making such charges
against others.
That Senator, from the time almost that I first
took my seat in this body, and particularly from
the time I invoked the constitutional guarantee for
slavery, has been making imputations againstmy
loyalty and against the loyalty of my State. Sir,
[ would scorn to defend Kither against such charges
from that source. Ikit he sets himself up as the
emi^ot valor of the Senate, its purity, its loyalty,
and its devotion to the Constitution. Colonel
Pi ide set himself up as the pui gator of the Long
i\irhament. 1 do not know whether the Senator
belongs to the Puritan race or not, but 1 should
suppose, if he does, from his propensity to pnige
the Senate, that he was a lineal descendant of the
notoi ious Colonel Pride. I do not know whether
the .Senator is of that stock. I do not know what
sunk lie is of—very good stock, innybe—but
M >m< times I almost imagine he is an l.dimaclite
from his propensity to war with everybody; and
then again, from some of his propensities, I think
he may be a gipsy; and then again I come to the
conclusion that 1 cannot even conjecture what is
his extraction.
i had not been in this body many days before
I received art anonymous letter in relation to the
Senator fiom Massachusetts. I do not pay any
attention to anonymous letters, and I believe that
they geneially stand discredited. That is the
judgment 1 paas upon tlnm. I read but few uf
them, i told an honorable Senator in the body
at the time of the anonymous letter I had received
in relation to the Senator from Massachusetts, and
that I did not believe it. I do not now believe it;
but these arc strange times,and we do not know
what is true and what is false. It charged him
with claiming to be colonel of a regiment and with
having made a pioposition to sell the place of sut-
ler for one half the piofits. I suppose—I do not
however know—that other Senators received a
oimilar communication. I did not believe it then;
I do not believe it now; for whatever might have
been the moral principle of the Senator, I thought
he would have been much too prudent to expose
himself to such a disclosure. From the revela-
tions made in this body a few days since con-
cerning the thieving and plundering, wholesale
and retail, in this great Government of ours in
this time of war and adversity, a man cannot con-
jecture what is true and what is not true.
Mr. President, 1 have not had time, from the
notice I have taken of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, to discuss the principles of my reso-
lutions. When they have been assailed by all
comers who may choose to assail them I shall
endeavor to defend them; but upon my defense of
them I will proudly put myself in judgment be-
fore this Senate. I quail not from this investi-
gation. I court any scrutiny the Senate may put
upon the principles of those resolutions. 1 abide
by them; and if I cannot maintain my position
here upon their truth and their principle, I know
a country in which, and I know a people before
whom, 1 can maintain myself, and I will appeal
from this forum to that one. But when the prin-
ciples of these resolutions are assaulted by any
gentleman or all gentlemen, I shall be ready to
defend them as best I can. I will say furlhet-
more that when there is a fair and proper blow
to be aimed at the dangerous abuse of power by
this Administration or by any Administration
when I was an actor upon the public theater, I
was always ready to strike it a blow—not a strong
one, but as willing a blow as any man could give it.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, it is not my
purpose to notice in detail the illogical, rambling,
and incoherent utterances that the Senate has been
forced to listen to for nearly three hours. Seldom
has the Senate of the United States been com-
pelled to listen to such a farrago of brutality, in-
decency, treason, and falsehood. This exhibi-
tion, that we have been forced to witn^p for three
weary hours, would not elevate even fne Senator
in a Kentucky barbecue; it will, if possible, sink
him to a lower level in the Senate of the United
States. Arraigned before the Senate for calling
upon the people to revolt against the administra-
tors of the Government, take its powers into their
own hands, go .mto a national convention, end the
war, and reconstruct the Government in defiance
of the Constitution, the laws, and the executive,
legislative, and judicial authorities, he lisescincl
babbles through nearly three hours, till the ear of
the Senate grows weary with his loose, disjointed
muttering*. The Senator tells us he has been in-
formed of this, and he has hoard that, and that
he lias received anonymous communications. lie
lises here in the Senate of the United States, flip-
pantly speaks of States and of public men, bi inging
against States and public men false and vituper-
ative accusations, on the authority of what he has
heard and what he has been informed of; swift to
accuse, fierce, bitter, and unrelenting in denun-
ciation, reckless alike of facts and the decencics
that should govern honorable men, he does not
pause to examine the characterof the tattle poured
into his car, which seems to be the receptacle of
the foulest calumnies against those whose high
duty it is to administer in these days of trial the
Government of the United States. The receiver
of anonymous communications, lie has the in-
decency to drag them out in the Senate, in the
face of men who recognize the proprieties that
should regulate the action of gentlemen.
I repeat, sir, it is not my purpose to notice the
rambling and incoherent utterances of the Sen-
ator from TCentneky, nor to notice his indecent
llmgs and personal allusions. If he is content
with the exhibition he has made of himself to-
day, I surely ought to be content. No, sir, I
shall not follow the Senator m all his idle, ram-
bling, and discursive utterances, for I might as
well attempt to follow the twitterings of a cock
snowbird. But there are two or three accusations
of a per&onal natuie that demand ft om me a notice
here and now. The Senator from Kentucky has
been informed, he tells us, that when the war
commenced I received the command of a Massa-
chusetts regiment, marched it to Washington,
went to Bull Run, and when the battle was lost
hastily left the field, refusing to help away a sol-
dier wounded in the fight. 'The Senator was in-
formed of this, but he took no time to examine
into the truth orfalsity of his information; but tha
Senator in this is quite as accurate as hegeneiaiiy
