3180
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 22,
upon the table. I ask unanimous consent to with-
draw them from the files of the House.
Mr. WASHBTJRiN'E, of Illinois. For what
purpose? ■
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. It is the intention of the
petitioner to present his claim to one of the De-
partments of the Government.
No objection being made, the leave wasgranted.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I ask leave to offer a res-
olution for reference to the Committee on Print-
<n*Mr. MALLORY. I object.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. COLE, of California. I demand the reg-
ular order of business.
The House resumed, as the regular order of
business, the consideration of the unfinished busi-
ness of yesterday, being bill of the Mouse No.
438, to amend an act entitled "An act to aid in
the construction of a railroad and telegraph line
from the Missouri river to the Pacific ocean, and
to secure to the Government the use of the same
for postal, military, and other purposes," ap-
proved July 1, 186*2, the question being upon the
motion to lay on the table the motion to recon-
sider the vote by which the House agreed to Mr.
Wilson's amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I offer the following amend-
ment to come in at the end of the bill as additional
sections:
Jjtul be it further enacted, That the Kuilmgton and Mis-
souri River Kailroad Company, a corporation oij*amzed
undei and by virtue of the laws of tlict State of fowa, be,
and hereby i-, authorized to extend its road thiough the
Tertitory of Nebraska from the point wherp it strikes ihc
Mtfsouu river, .-outh of the mouth of the Platte river, to
some point not turther we-U than the one hmuhedlh me-
ridian of west longitude, f-o as to connect by the mo-1 puie-
ticable route with the main trunk of the Union Pacific nul-
road, or that pait of it whteh iuns from Omaha to the -aid
one hundredth meudian of vve-t longitude ; and hn the pur-
pose of enabling ^aid iUulington and Mr~--ouit River Rail-
road Company t<> construct that portion of their ioad hciem
autlionzed the light of wav thiough the public !and> is
heieb} gi anted to^aid company tor the conjunctionot >aid
road ; and the right, povvei, and aulhontv is iieieby ^iven
10 >aid company to take Horn the public lands adjacent to
the Jiue ol -"aid road eaith, stone, timber, and other ma-
tertal-s (or tin* coiMttielio'i thercot. .Said light of way js
granted to -aid company to the extent of two hundred ieot
Where it may pas*, over the public laud*?, including all ne-
cwiy grouiuh tm stations, Imikling5, woik.-diup;-., depot**,
machine <shfip^, switches, -ide tiaekv, tnrn-tahhN, and
water nation*. And the United States shall cuinetuMi as
rapidly as may he the I ndian titles to all lands tailing under
the operation of tins section ,ind teqnned ior the ^aid right
ofw,i> and giant ot land heiein made.
Sec.—.JhidbeU fmtho enacted, That for the purpose of
aiding m the construction of >aid load theie tic, and i°
beiehv. granted to the L-aid Builingtou and River
Raihoad Company every alternate section of public lands
(excepting mineial innd-a>« piovnb*d in tins ad) designated
by odd nunibeis to the amount of ten alternate ^ct non^
pei mtlc on each side ot said road on the line (hereof, and
Iiot sold, ii'served, or otherwise disposed of by the United
IStates, and to whicha pieemplionoi humeste,id claim may
not have attached at tiie time the line of s-aui road is def-
initely fixed: l'rovuhd, That saul companv shall accept
this giant within one} eat iiom the parage ot thi> act bv
filing Mich ;u eepunee with the Set tcfary of the Intenoi,
and shall :tUo estahli*-h the line of said road and tiif a map
thereof with the Sceietaiy ol the 1 nferior vv itlun one j eat
of the date ot ^aid acceptance, when the said Sceietaiy
t4mI! withdraw the lands embraced in thi.s giant from mai-
ket.
Jlndhc it finthcr enwted, Jr., That whenevei mkI Rui-
Jington and Mh-osiii River Railroad C<>mp.tin -!ia!i have
completed twpnH ciiweuttve mile-; <■( the load mentioned
in the foiegomp  sections, inthe manner piovuied foi othei
roads mentioned in this act and the actio winch this m an
amendment, the i'loideut of the United State-, shall ap-
point three eomnii-sfonns to er.'iimne ami icport to him in
ielation tlteieto ; and if itshall appear to linn thar twenty
mile- ol said load have hern completed as rcqnned bv this
act, then, upon ceitiijcate of --a.d coinnn^-ioi.ei-, to thai
efi'ect. patent* shall be issued convrj nig tin- i milt and title
to said lands to '"aid companv on each side of <=anl load as
far as the -am1' is completed, to the .uijoun' afoie.-aid ; and
su< h examination, lepoit, and conv< yaoci> by patents
Khali continue (rom time to tune in like m.<nncr until said
road shall have been completed. And the President -hall
appoint said < ojnmi-.-ionei> and fill vacancies m -.aid com-
mission, as prov ided in relation to otliei mads mentioned in
the act to which this is ui amendment. And the said eom-
panv .'■hall he entitled to all the privileges and iinmtiniiii^
jIMnted to i'ie Hannibal and Jo-r,)h Ilaih-oad Company
bv the said ia^t-menuonrd act so fui as the same may be
applicable.
Mr. WI L.SOX. Thisproposition has been be-
fore the select committee on the Pacific railroad,
and is concurred in by them. It contains no pro-
vision in reference to bonds, but merely the, same
grant of land.s which isgiven to other companies.
There is no obligation upon the part of the Gov-
ernment to issue bonds, or to pay money, or any-
thing of that kind.
I say the amendment has the concurrence of the
select committee, as I am informed by the chair-
man. I demand the previous question upon the
amendment.
The previous question was seconded, and'the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the.Amcndment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON moved to reconsider the vote by
which the amendment was agreed to; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsideron the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
their Secretary, informed the House that the Sen-
ate had passed acts of the following titles; in which
the concurrence of the House was requested:
An act (No. 298) to incorporate the Potomac
Ferry Company;
An act (No. 321) to authorize the corporation
of Washington to levy and collect the direct tax
imposed by act approved August 5, 1861; and
An act (No. 115) to amend an actentitled "An
act to define the power.-? and duties of the levy
court of the county of Washington, District of
Columbia."
Also, that the Senate has passed bills of the
House of the following titles, severally with
amendments; in which the concurrence of the
House was requested:
An act (No. 495) to amend the charter of the
Washington and Georgetown Railroad Company;
and
An act (No. 442) to authorize the President of
the United States to negotiate with certain In-
dians of Middle Oregon for the relinquishment of
certain rights secured to them by treaty.
PACIFIC RAILROAD -AGAIN.
Mr. LOAN. I move to amend the sixth sec-
tion by adding thereto the following:
Peeuon thirteen of the act to which this is amendatory
ts hereby amended by sinking out tfio words £{ Hannibal
and St. Joseph"' wherever they occur in «aid '-ection, arid
ln&erinig uiheu tlureof" St Joseph and Denvei City.'5
There are several amendments I desire to offer
id! touching the same question, and with the per-
mission of the House i will state the whole ground
upon which the amendments are based in a few
brief remarks, so that the House may under-
stand the objects I have in view.
The object of granting aid in the construction
of this road, as [ understand it, is, as declared in
the charter, for the puipose of promoting the
general welfaie of the countiy. That being the
object had m view, we have provided for the loca-
tion of a mam trunk on the one hundredth degree
of longitude west, with branches from that point
east to the Missouri river, and have authorized
certain railroad companies to construct those
branch roads fiom the Missouri river to the main
trunk. In doing this the authority conferred upon
these branch roads is in the nature of a trust con-
ferred by the Government upon these corpora-
tions lor the construction of these parts of this
national wotk, fust for the benefit of the public,
and, secondly, for the incidental advantages
which may result to the roada themselves.
Jf this supposition as to the object of granting
jj aid in eonstiuctmg these branches be correct,
j; Congiess has the control of the matter at tins
ji time, and can direct what corpoiation shall con-
struct them.
\\ Among other things they have provided for the
'j construction of a bianch west by the Hannibal
ji and St. Joseph railroad. They have provided
j j furthermore for the construction of a branch from
!j Kansas City by the Leavenworth and Pawnee
,| road. They have nhso provulcd in this bill for the
.. construction of a branch fiom Leavenworth, in-
'j terseetmg the Pawnee branch, to Lawrence, and
,| a branch from Omaha, intersecting either the mam
trunk or some branch of it.
,1 Mr. STEVENS. This is a matter with which
I am not a? all acquainted. 1 would ask the gen-
1 tleman if there js such a company chartered as
j the St. Joseph and Denver Railroad Company,
!j Mr. LOAN. Yes, sir.
;{ Mi. STEVENS. Where is it to run?
j! Mr. LOAN. It runs from St. Joseph to Denver
;! City,in Colorado. The company has been or^an-
!j ized and a portion of the toad has been completed,
|| but the operations of tho company have been lu-
ll terrupted by the rebellion, which has thrown
everything in that part of the country into con-
fusion.
Mr. STEVENS. Has the Hannibal and St,
Joseph Railroad Company made any portion of
the road under this franchise?
Mr. LOAN. So far as 1 am advised, it has not.
I propose speaking upon that point.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 would like to ask^vhether
this new road is the same one to which it is said
the Hannibal and St. Joseph Railroad Company
have assigned their franchise?
Mr. LOAN. It is not.
Mr. STEVENS. I will not trouble the gen-
tleman with further questions.
Mr. LOAN. The St. Joseph and Denver City
Railroad Company is, like the Hannibal and St.
Joseph Railroad Company, a corporation well
known in the western country. It has commenced
the construction of its road and has graded the
road-bed for some twelve miles; it has the track
laid down for four or live miles, and has the iron to
lay it for more than twelve mdesalready upon the
ground.
But, as I was rbout saying, Congress, in au-
thorizing the Hannibal and St. Joseph Itailroad
Company to construct this branch, put into the
charter a requirement that it should pass the town
of Atchison, in Kansas. This town of Atchison is
represented at the otherend of the Capitol by Sen-
ator Pomeroy, who is one of the proprietor of
the town, and the memberof the Thiity-Seventh
Congress fiom the district which I now represent
was, as I have been informed, another proprietor
of the town of Atchison. It was necessary, m
order to promote individual interests in the town
of Atchison, to make a deflection t"o the south,
so that this branch road should run by that town.
This rendered the franchise conferred upon the
Hannibal and St. Joseph Com pan y en t. rely worth-
less to them; it destroyed its entire valu^: they
could notconstructthe road on the terms pioposed,
and, considering the franchise of no value to ibem
whatever, they assigned it to the Atchison and
Pike's Peak Railroad Company, of which Sena-
tor Pomeroy seems to be the solo representative.
The object of all this was not to promote the pub-
lic interests? or the public welfare in the conMi no-
tion of a branch to the Pacific, railroad, but to
promote the individual inten sts of ceitain gentle-
men who propose to construct a road not where
the public interests require it, but in such a direc-
tion as will put money into their pockets The
fiancinse being utterly worthless to the Hannibal
and St. Joseph Railroad Compan y, t hey have as-
i signed it without any consideiation, as a imie
giatuity, to the Atchison and Pike't< Peak Rail-
road Company, and as they have declined to con-
struct this bianch road, I desire that Congress
shall give tin? franchise to a corporation that will
construct the road under their charter.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Missouri one other question. I desire
to inquire whether aid for moie than a hundred
miles is granted by his amendment to this road.
Mr. LOAN. No, sir.
Mr. STEVENS. It is the same as theoiiginal
grant?
Mr. LOAN. Just the same. What I deture
is to get a road that will run west connecting the
eastern country with the western country,and not
to build a side road for the individual benefit of
particular gentlemen who manage legislation here
so as to accomplish their own ends. We haven
continuous line of railroad now from Philadel-
phia through Harrisburg, Pittsburg, Columbus,
! Springfield, and Hannibal, to St. Joseph,all now
j in running oider, except some twenty miles be~
j tween the Illinois nvei and the Mississippi river,
I on vi Inch they are laying down the iron at tins
1 time.
The general course of the road from St. Joseph
lies north of west. But the charter requires a de-
flection of twelve miles from a direct course south
to Atchison,and then a return to the line. Now,
sir, no company can afford to build a road with
( such conditions, and no company will build it.
j This amendment if adopted will secure a eon-
i tmuous line of road from Philadelphia west near
j the fottieih parallel of north latitude to the main
i tiiink of Urn Pacific road. If this amendment is
adopted the St. Joseph and Denver City Company
will build the road,and theya.sk for no additional
aid from the Government. They ask for no ad-
ditional grant, but they do ask the authority to
