1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
exasperated by their enlistment. I mink the sales
of those women and children may be more justly
attributable to the impending universal emanci-
pation of,slavery in Missouri than to any exasper-
ation of the master growing especially out of the
enlistment of his slave into the service of the Uni-
ted States.
Again, if those wives and children were sold
by their masters because the husbands and fathers
had enlisted in the military service of the United
States, it is my opinion that a change of masters
would work no disadvantage to them. They may
well be glad to escape from the custody and own-
ership of a miscreant who would indulge his evil
passions on account of any such consideration.
But the greatest difficulty that I have in bring-
ing my mind to vote for this bill is this: I am
satisfied that if it passes inlts present form it will
lead to almostendless confusion and to very dis-
tressing difficulties in the States where these slaves
live. The marital relation is not known at all
between slaves in any of those States. I do not
know how it is in Missouri. It was not and I
presume is not yet recognized in Virginia. I be-
lieve it is not recognized in Maryland. Of that,
however, I am not certain. Marriage is a civil
contract, and it has been expressly held by the
courts of Virginia that a slave is incompetent to
make a contract. There can be therefoie in Vir-
ginia between slaves no legal marriage; there can
be therefore no wife in the eyes of the law; there
can be no children of skives in the eyes of the law.
Let me allude to a decision of the supreme court
of appeals in Virginia to show how far our courts
have gone to destroy the idea of personality in the
slave at all. A benevolent master made his will
and died. In that will there was a provision that
the executors should hire out the slaves for so
many years and that they should sacredly keep
and preserve the proceeds of their labor until the
end of the term, and then such off the slaves as
should elect to be free and to go to Africa might
do so, and should thereby be entitled to the pro-
ceeds of their previous labor. Our court of ap-
peals decided that the slave could not make any
such election; and notwithstanding the explicit
provisions of the will, they retained him in sla-
very and distributed the fund, the proceeds of his,
labor during the term which I have stated. There
is, therefore, no such relation as the wife of a
slave in Virginia, and his offspring is truly nullius
filius.
It seems to me that unless the terms of this bill
are more strictly guarded a conflict may arise
with the State courts and much distressing con-
fusion will necessarily ensue. It was from these
"considerations that I desired to see this bill go
back to the Committee on Military Affairs or to
the Committee on the Judiciary, that there might
be a careful consideration of some means by which
the identity of the persons referred to in the bill
might be legally fixed and established.
Then, sir, I have another difficulty, I see in
the Constitution which 1 have taken an oath to
support a very plain provision that we shall not
take private property for public use withoutjust
compensation; and it seems to me that the plain
principles and obligations of constitutional law
and the simple dictates of justice should compel
the Senate to incorporate in a bill of this character
a provision looking to that result. It will not do
to teii me that there can be no property in slaves,
and that, therefore, there ought to be no compen-
sation for them. The very terms of the bill neg-
ative any such idea as that. I agree perfectly
with Senators as to whether slaves should have
been regarded as property in the first place; but
we are to look at things as they are and at facts
as they exist. I say then the very terms of the
bill itself include the idea of property in slaves.
Else where the necessity for the emancipation of
the slaves whose husband and father enlists m the
service of the United States? The main and fun-
damental principle of the bill is predicated upon
the very idea that there is property in a slave. It
is to take him out of the custody of his master
and give him to himself. I should like, therefore,
(for I want to vote for this bill,) tosoe this plain
requirement of the Constitution recognized in the
provisions of the bill, this plain response to the
dictates of common justice, and I had nearly said
of common honesty, heeded and obeyed under
our obligation to the Constitution.
But, sir, I caa never bring myself to lest con-
tented while the father and husband is fightingthe
battles of his country that his children ami the
woman whom he regards as his wife shall be left
in the bonds of slavery; and I trust, ere we are
brought to a vote on this matter, there may be
some amendment of this bill whereby the diffi-
culties to which 1 have alluded may be obviated
and the requirements of the Constitution complied
with.
But it was not my intention to go very largely
into these considerations. I alluded to another
bill, and 1 propose to submit a few remarks in
relation to that bill. I may as well do it here as
when the bill comes up, and especially so since
the main object of my desiring to occupy the
attention of the Senate was to suggest another
measure, which might well supersede all these
partial means of abolishing slavery. The bill to
which I allude is that introduced by the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner,] to
repeal the law for the return of fugitives from la-
bor to their misters. The constitutional provis-
ion on that subject is very plain:
li No person held to service or labor in one State, under
the laws thereof, escaping into another, shall, in conse-
quence of any law or regulation therein, be discharged
from such service or labor, but shall be delivered up on
claim of tiie party to whom such service or Jabor may be
due."
It seems to me that the idea that slaves escap-
ing from their masters in the slaveholdingStates
to the free States were not intended to be embraced
in the terms of this clause of the Constitution that
I have read utterly ignores the entire legislative
and judicial history of our Government from its
foundation to the present hour. Many of the men
who framed the Constitution helped toframethe
first law for the return of these fugitives. They
were fresh from the labors of the formation of the
Constitution itself. They gave that construction
to this law, and every action of our national Le-
gislature on that subject, from that day up to this,
has given the same construction to this section of
the Constitution.
Moreover, the Constitution has provided a tri-
bunal which is to settle finally every question of
constitutional law arising under it; and in re-
peated instances the supreme judiciary of the land
have given this interpretation to the words in the
clause which I have read, and this application of
these words. They have repeatedly recognized
not only that fact and that construction of those
terms, but they have recognized the constitution-
ality of the law of 1793 as well as of the law of
J 850.
After this uniform recognition of the plain
meaning of the terms of the Constitution from the
origin of our Government up to the present hour,
after this uniform current of our legislative his-
tory on the subject, after the repeated decisions
of the supreme judiciary of the land arriving at
the same result, it seems to me a little singular,
after three quarters of a century of our histoiy,
that there should at this late day spring up any
idea that it was not intended that this clause in
! our Constitution should apply to the reclamation
of fugitive slaves. But, sir, I merely make this
! reference without intending to go into the argu-
' ment, because it seems to me thatasimple state-
, ment of the case is the best argument that can be
: made in the premises, and I shall content myself
. with the authority of our present excellent Chief
' Magistrate. Iif his inaugural address he said:
• a It is scarcely questioned that tins provision was m-
i tended by those who made it torthe recJaimnigof what we
| cal! fugitive slaves-; and the intention of the lawgiver is
] the law. All members of Congress swear their support to
! the whole Constitution—to this provision a1* much as any
i other. To the proposition, men, that slaves, whose cases
come within the term? oi tins clause,1 shall be delivered
up,; their oaths are unanimous. Now, if they would make
the effort in good temper, could they not, with nearlj equal
unanimity, fram«5 and pa--« a law by means ot winch to keep
good ttiat unanimous oath ?
u There is some difference of opinion whether this clause
should be enforced by national or hy State authority; but
surely that difference i-> not a very material one. If the
sdavf, is to be surrendered, it can he oi but little conse-
quence to him, or toothers, by which authority it is done.
And should any one, in any case, be content that his oatli
shall go unkept on a merely unsubstantial controversy as
to how it shall be kept?"
I think the case is very plainly stated, sir, and
therefore I shall conclude my remarks on that
branch of the topics which 1 propose to discuss
to-day by simply saying that I cannot vote tor
any repeal of our fugitive slave law until there is
another law proposed accomplishing the same re-
sult in a better and more humane manner, if the .
honorableSenator from Massachusetts had intiro- *
duced a law to' supply the place of this, so that wje
might keep our constitutional obligation, and
that in its terms had been efficient and more hit-,
mane, it would give me great pleasure tovotefor
it; but while this obligation rests upon me as a
member of the Senate, while 1 am one of those
who have taken that " unanimous oath,** I oimU
feel as long as there is a slave remaining with tile
shackles on him, however much I may detest"
slavery in the abstract, that it is my solemn duty
to make a provision to carry into effect the plain
requirement of the Constitution.
But, Mr. President,-my main object to-day was
to discuss the necessity and propriety of a rem-
edy forallthese*evilsof a different character from
any of these and perfectly conclusive in its effects;
and in doing so to ask the Senate to indulge me
for a short time in a course of remarks which has
as much reference to my own personal vindica-
tion as it has to the question in hand. It is known
to the Senate that in consequence of the peculiar
condition of West Virginia and my relations to
that State I have become involved somewhat in
this controversy about slavery; and I wish to-
day, on the floor where I committed the offense,
if any offense was committed, to make my vindi-
cation for the position I then assumed.
Mr. President, whoever is responsible for the
questions connected with African slavery which
are now agitating the public mind, these questions
have, I think, assumed such importance and be-
come so interwoven with the policy and current
history of the nation as to involve not only the
propriety of discussion but the necessity also of
final adjustment. They cannot now be avoided
or evaded. Whether they should have been in-
troduced it is useless now to controvert. They
have been introduced, the issues are made, and
there is no alternative but to meet and decide
them.
For myself, however, I can have no hesitation
to say where the responsibility properly belongs.
It rests with Mr. Jefferson Davis and the other
conspirators who cooperate with him. They are
the real, practical, and efficient abolitionists of the
day. Had they remained faithful to the Consti-
tution slavery to-day would have been where it
was when the present AdminisUation came into
power, secure under the guarantees of the Consti-
tution and under the obligation of the party in
power to maintain in good faith the pledge which
they made to the country in the fourth resolution
of the Chicago platform:
" That the maintenance inviolate of the rights, and espe-
cially the right of each State to order and control its own
domestic institutions according to its own judgment exclu-
sively, w essential to that balance of power on which the
perfection and endurance of our political fabric depend."
Not only had these conspirators the protection
of the Constitution and the pledge of the party
coming into power, but they also had a majority
in both Houses of Congress. Yet they revolted
under pretense of danger to their domestic insti-
tutions. But that is not all. The friends of sla-
very, both in the North and in the South, have
now placed it upon grounds which challenge con-
troversy and preclude indifference to it. Formerly
it was generally acknowledged to be a moral,so-
cial, and political evil, tolerated only because no
feasible mode of getting rid of it had been suggest-
ed. But now it is maintained as a moral, social,
and political blessing. It arrogates to itself the
divine sanction. Uisheralded as the chief corner-
stone of the insurrectionary confederacy. It is
proclaimed as essential to the consummation of
any high degree of civilization. If this be so, the
policy of the Government should be to encourage
rather than to contract its expansion.
Sir, the apology so often repeated in extenu-
ation of the rebellion, that it originated in a just
apprehension of unlawful interference by the Gen-
eral Government with the institution of slavery
in the States where it existed, is not warranted by
the truth. To refute such a pretense it is only
necessary to quote the well-consjdered speech of
Mr. A. H. Stephens, the vice president of the
confederate States, delivered in Georgia prior to
the ordinanceof secession which assumed to dis-
solve the connection of that State with the Fed-
eral Union. In that speech he saio:
Pause, I entreat you, and consider tor a moment what
reasons you can give that will even satiny yourselves in
calmer nioni«iits. What reasons can you give to your iel-
