1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
220o
the act is to limit the as-gre^afe capital stock of
all these hanks to $300,000,000.
Mr. COWAN. That is the limit on the cir-
culation.
Mr. SHERMAN. Wo have amended the hill
so ns to npoiy that limitation to the capital stock.
Mr. COWAN. Suppose that is done, it does
not meet the objection here.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Vermont
moved to apply the limitation to the capital stock,
and that amendment was adopted; so that the
capital stock of these banks cannot exceed $300,-
000,000; and not only that, but the limit to some
extent is fixed by the articles of association, and
it must be approved by the Comptroller, and be-
yond that they cannot go without the consent ot
the Comptioller. It may be that those organiz-
ing a bank in a town or city may look to the
necessity of a future increase of banking capital,
and rather than organize a new bank when that
increase becomes necessary, they may prefer to
increase the capital stock of the old bank, if you
strike out this provision,there will be noway by
winch art existing bank can ineicase its capital
stock; but if additional banking stock is required
in any place there must be a new institution. It
seems to me that it is right to allow these hanks
to met ease their capital stock, subject to the su-
pervisory power of the Comptioller of the Cur-
rency, and all the lestiamts and limitations of
this act.
Mr. COWAN. 1, of course, admit the sen-
era! limitation of the act—that is $300,000,000.
For all the lime that the law has been in opeia-
tion lleretofoie but about fifty millions have been
taken. What I complain of, however, is that
within the limit of $300,000,000 this mischief may
take place. Two hundied and fifty millions of
bank capital yet left forms a very lat'^e margin,
within which the consent of the Comptioller
would have great room to play in adjusting his
favors among his friends, and that is the mischief.
The honorable Senator says a bank may want to
increase its capital. Suppose it does; how have
banks heretofoie increased their capital? I>y tiie
will of a single man, sitting here at the center, the
seat of Government, holding the leins over the
eapital of the whole country, moving at his will
the finances of the nation in any dnection which
he chooses to £ive them? No, sn. In order to
increase the capital stock of a corporation, in
order to enlarge its fianchise, in order to give it
ptivileges which it would not have had otherwise
by the law, it is necess^y and proper that it
should appeal to the soveiei^n, to Congress, in
order that it may be determined whether U is fit
and proper that it should be mtt usted any furl her
with these prerogatives. Then, i say, there is
no haidshsp here. Let the bank at its outstart
declare in itsarticles of association, if you please,
the maximum of its capital, and afteiwatds let
that be a fixed fact, unless Congress should de-
clare otherwise.
Mr. SHERMAN. Perhaps I can suggest an
amendment which will satisfy the Senator, as 1
desite to meet every puictical objection. The
Senator objects to the power of the Comptroller
to authoiize an increase beyond the amount ap-
plied for by the original articles of association,
and thinks that power may be abused in the hands
of the Comptroller of the Cuirency.
Mr. COWAN. Yes.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is possible.that may be
abused. A corrupt Comptroller might possibly
allowa bank which had not indicated us purpose
or desire to increase its capital stock to nieiease
it unieasonably. 1 have no objeciion, tliei efoie,
personally, although I am not authonzed to ac-
cept tins amendment by the action of the com-
mittee, to strike out, in lines ei^ht and nine, the
- words " without consent of the Comptroller so
that the bank can only increase its capital stock
to the extent and amount of its original notice,
with the assent of the Comptioller. That will
meet ail the objection ot the Senator.
Mr. COWAN. 1 would agree to tins modifi-
cation: strike out,after the woid "eunency" in
the seventh line, the words "and no increase of
the capital beyond the maximum so determined 1
shall thereafter he made without the consent of
the Comptroller."
'Mr. SHERMAN. That is the same thing. I
have no objection to striking out that clause.
Mr. CO WAN. Then I will so modify the
amendment ns to strike out from line seven, after
the word "currency," down io line nine, ending
with the wotd " Comptroller.'*
The PRESIDENT pio tempore. The words
now proposed to bo stricken out will be read.
The Secretary read them, as follows:
Aod no inctea-M- of the capital h<*yond the maximum so
(leti-iiniued ^hail theiuafter be made without the con-rent
of ihe Comptroller.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HENDERSON. I move to amend the
bill by striking out in lines fourteen and fifteen of
the twenty-sixth section the words il amount of
the circulation issued for the same," and insert-
ing in lieu of these words u value they bore at the
time4of said deposits;" so as to make the clause
read:
Whenever the market or ca^h value of any bonds de-
po.-ited wuh the TteaMiH't ot the United States us afoiu-
>.ud -hall be K-duo-d below the value liu\\ bore at the tmui
ol .-aid d'i>o-it, the Compttollei ot the Cunency is hereby
authonzed to demand and teeeive the amount ot said de-
pteciauon in other United Siato bonds, 8tc.
The twcnty-fiist section of the bill piovidesthat
upon the transfer and delivery of bonds to the
Treasurer, the association making the transfer
shall be entitled to receive fiom the Comptroller
circulating notes equal in amount to ninety per
cent, of the current maikct value of the bonds so
transfeired and delivered. The section that 1 now
propose to amend pi ovides for keeping the relative
value of the bonds and the circulating notes the
same; and it provides that whenever the market or
cash value of the bonds shall be leduced below the
amount of the circulation issued for the same,
the Comptroller shall require the depieciation to
be made up in othei bonds. It will be observed,
however, that the bonds may depredate ten per
cent, m value, and yet the bank not be required to
deposit any additional bonds, it is only when
the bonds fall more than ten per cent, that any
Anther deposit is required.
1 have many amendments that 1 desire to offer,
but i think this amendment should be adopted
by the fuends of the bill. 1 believe it has been
usual in nil banking systems of this kind to keep
up the relative value of the bonds compared with
the circulation, the same as was originally re-
quired upon the diawing of the circulation from
the Comptioller. That has been the case, I be-
lieve, m all stock systems of banking. It was
thecal in the western system, and it ought cer-
tainly to be the case here. 1 see no reason why
theie should be a diflfbiencc of ten percent, made
unless we intend to maintain that diffeience of
ten pei tent. If the Government in the end is to
be iesponsible for these circulating notes, it is
suiely to the benefit of the Government that the
banks issuing the notes shall be required to keep
an ample fund on hand to protect the Govern-
ment againstany loss, because the notes that they
may take from individuals m difteient sections of
the country will be entirely under their control
and the Government cannot lealize any Hung from
them.
For ihe protection of the Government I think
this amendment ought to bo made. I ofler it in
good faith j and not with a view to cripple the bill,
as some gentlemen may suppose in regaid to my
amendments. I am opposed to the bill, as the
Senate knows, and 1 am hoiwst enough to say
tln'l 1 would ciipple it m any way: but I think
this amendment ought to be adopted, it is one
that piotects the Government and protects the
note-holder, because the expenses of the sale of
the bonds would be a consideiable item, and we
ought nut to leave the bill in such a shape that
the amount of the bonds shall be the sameatany
time as the amount of the circulating notes.
Whenevei the bonds fall below the standard value
lequtred at the time of their deposit, we ought
to compel the banks to increase the deposit.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator's amendment
would operate very unjustly. This bill requires
a gi eater security fi om stock banks than any hank
charter 1 have ever seen. The usual way is to
limit the amount of cnculation to the amount of
the bonds and their par value; but this bill only
allows them to issue within ten per cent, of the
market or pnr value of (he bonds. It requiies
tins margin of ten per cent. at. the beginning; but
the Senator would rcqune this margin of ten per
cent, always to be kept on hand without regard
to the slight iluctnations that will always occur
in the value of bonds. The Government of the
United States never can be insecure as long as thd
matket value in the city of New York of the bonds
deposited with it as security is equal to the amount
of outstanding notes in circulation. If'it falia
below that the bill provides that a call shall be
made at once on the bank to make itgood. There-
foie, the provision is wholly unnecessary. It
would only be burdensome,and require thesefcalis
to be made when the fluctuation amounts to one
or two per cent.
Mr. HENDERSON. I ask for the yeas and
nays on my amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 12, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—Mc«!<5i«*. Backalew, CaitUe, Cowan, Davis, l)oo-
little, Grimes, Henderson, Powell, Richardson, Riddle,
Salisbury, and YVii>on—12.
NAYS — Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Clark, Conness,
Dixon, Fesscndcii, Foster, Hale, Harlan, Howard, Howe,
Lane of Kansas, Moigan, MoniN, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Sher-
man, Sptague, Sunnier, Ten Eyck, Van fo'inkle, Wade,
Wilkin-on, and Willey—{>4.
ABSENT—Mess-is. Brown, Collamer, Foot, Harding,
Hams. Heiuhick-i, 13lcks, Johi^on. Lane ot Indiana, Mo
Dougall, Ncomithj Trumbull, and Wright.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HENDERSON. I move to amend the
bill further by striking out the word " thirty,"in
line seven, section sixteen,and inserting " fifty;"
so that it will read:
That every association, after having compiled with the
pioviMons of this aei, preliminary to the commencement
of banking business under its provisions, and before it&lmll
be anihonzed toeommence bii-sine^, «h:ill transfer and de-
liver to the Treasurer of the United States any United
State* iegi-.teied bonds bearing interest to ail amount not
le*s than $50,000, &c.
It will be observed that this amendments only
to require the deposit of these banks to be a little
larger, to require a deposit of $50,000 instead of
§30,000 before commencing business.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think the Senator is mis-
taken. This bill expressly provides that no bank
with a capital of less than §50,000 shall be organ-
ized under the act; but the provision to which he
now refers is that they shall not proceed to do
any business until they invest $30,000 of the cap-
ital in United States bonds, while a larger bank
need only invest one third of its capital stock.
This section does not relate to theamount of cap-
ital stock.
Mr. HENDERSON. I was not speaking of
that. Let me ask the Senator if this does not
provide that the bank may commence with $30,000
of bonds? A bank of $50,000 capital may be estab-
lished under this law. Can it not then commence
with onehalfof its capital stock paid in,$25,0UQ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Thirty thousand dollars
must be invested in United States bonds, and the
whole of it must be paid in.
Mr. HENDERSON. Then by depositing
$25,000 here with the Treasurer I apprehend that
the bank can get the amount of notes to which it
would be entitled and commence bankingunderit.
Mr. SHERMAN. No; this limitation ex-
pressly says that no bank shalj commence busi-
ness undei the act unless it buys United States
stocks to the amount of $30,000.
Mr. HENDERSON. That is just what I want
to prevent. 1 do not want it to commence bank-
ing with so small an amount. Section seven of
the bill provides:
That no a.—oeiation f-hall be ojganized under this act
wall a !e-.s capital than $IUU,UU0, noi,m a city whose pop-
ulation < veeodi* liftj tliou-and person*, with aless eapital
ihau fc~2U'.).O00: Prowled. That banks with a capital of not
|e« than .<50,1100 may, with the approval o* the Secretary
of the Tmmmuv, be o'm.imzed in any place the population
ol whieh doe-* not exceed m\ thousand inhabitants.
Then a bank with $50,000 of capital may com-
mence business by paying in one half of its capi-
tal stock,and,as 1 understand it, can obtain notes.
Then it will receive $25,000 of circulating notes,
'less ten percent., which would be £,22,500, and
(tq to woik as a banking institution, under this
law, issuing paper.
Mr. SHERMAN. With the leave of the'Sen-
ator 1 will tiy a^ain to explain it to him. Sec-
tion sixteen ha..3 nothing whatever to do with the
capital stock. The capital stock of the bank
must be not less than $50,000, and that is only in
small towns; and it must [ill be paid in m lawful
money of the United States. Suction sixteen has
nothing to do with the amountof capital stock or
the amount that must be paid in to commence
business, it iclates to a distinct subject-matter;
it fixes the amount that each bank shall invest in
the bonds of the United States. A small bank
