1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
build this road in a westerly direction instead of a
southerly or southwesterly direction.
1 ask the House to consider for one moment
what will be the effect of building, as is authorized
under this bill as it now exists, three parallel
roads having their eastern termini on the Missouri
river within thirty-two miles north and south,
while a stretch of country one hundiedand thirty-
five or one hundred and forty miles wide is with-
out any branch whatever. Can any gentleman in
this House see any public necessity of three par-
allel branches of this road running within a strip
of thirty-two miles wide, while a strip one hundred
and thirty or one hundred and forty miles wide
above is left without any branch whatever?
And again, the eastern termini of these branches
are at Kansas City, Atchison,and Leavenworth,
and not one of them has an eastern connection or
will have for years to come. The only eastern
connection that can be had at present is through
the city of St. Joseph, and it is a singular fact
that in the bill as now presented the only point
by which the road can at present,or for years to
come, make a connection *vith the East is left
out of the bill. There is no connection with
Atchison,Kansas City, or Leavenworth, and the
only means m prospect for such a connection is
through the Missouri Pacific railroad, and that
will not be completed for years.
The amendment I have offered proposes the
only means of remedying thatdifficulty. It pro-
vides for a connection with a point with which a
continuous connection with the East has been
kept up in spite of the war; a point which, for the
last ten or fifteen years, has been the great central
point for the outfitting and starting ot traders and
emigrants across the plains, and has been selected
for that purpose because of its very supeiior ad-
vantages for the purpose. Why, sir, within the
last forty days not less than two hundred wagons
per day have been outfitted and started across ttie
plains from that point.
1 submit, therefoic, that to make the termini
of the branch roads nt the points mentioned m the
bill not only presents the anomaly of three par-
allel roads within a strip of thirty-two miles, but
that of leaving the whole travel of the West en-
tirely unp.ovidcd for for want of an eastern con-
nection. The bill provides for one branch having
its tei minus at Omaha and one having its terminus
at Sioux City. Many years will elapse before the
public demand lor lailroad communication will
requite any connection witii tho&e points.
With this explanation I hope tins amendment
will be passed, and unless some gentleman desiies
to be heaid upon it I will demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
On the adoption of the amendment submitted
by Mr. Loan 37 voted m the affirmative and 35
in the negative—"0 quorum.
The SPEAliEltoideied tellers; and appointed
Messrs. Loan and Hutciiins.
Tin- House again divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 58, noes 38.
So the amendment was adopted.
Mr. DAWES. 1 move to add to the ninth sec-
tion the following:
.Ind proi vied fui thcr. Tint any company authmized by
tins act to construct its road and telcgi.iph laic fiom the
Mi>souu rivei to the initial point albio.ud nuv conftiuct
its road and telegraph line so :t« to connect with the Union
i'acole luihoad at any point westwaidiv of such initial
point hi ca&o such company shall deem .-ueh westward con-
nection moic piucticable or de-irable; and in aid ot the
eorwiuct'on ot so much of its load and telegupli Inn* as
fchall s-o be adepai tnre tiom I lie route liereinbcloic piov.ded
Jut it- load. Mich company -hall be entitled to all the ix'ne-
fiia and be Mibject to all the conditions and ie.-.Lrirtions of
this act: Pi o ruled finthcr, however, That the bonds of the j
United States shall not be issued to such company tor a |
gn'.Uei amount than hereinbefore piowded; nor shall |
isiicli company be entitled to receive ativ greater amount of I
alternate sections of public lands than aie also heiem pio- j
vided. I
I do not think there can beany objection to the [
amendment. j
Mr. STEVENS. As f understand it I do not \
object to it; but I suggest to the gentleman to in- |
scrt after the word "nor," in the latter part of '
the amendment, these words:
If the «.arao be united with the Union Pacific railroad
on the one hundredth degtee of longitude.
Mi'. DAWES. I accept that as a modification
of my amendment.
Mr. COLE, of California. I think that the great
mistake in reference to the Pacific railroad has
been in recognizing so many companies over the
same degrees of longitude. If the energy of rail-
road men had been confined to one line from the
Missouri river to the Pacific ocean I am sure that
the work would have been much further advanced
than it is now. I have always regretted proposi-
tions to add on other companies; and 1 fear that
the amendment of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts will have the same effect.
I cannot perceive how the objection alluded to
by the gentleman from Iowa can be available.
They may continue a parallel railroad any dis-
tance beyond the one hundredth degree of longi-
tude. There is quite a space between Leaven-
worth and the Platte and Republican fork where
the Union Pacific Railroad Company may fix the
point; and it will doubtless fix on the road that
will reach that point first. It is far out upon the
plains, and I see no necessity for allowing these
other roads. The parties who are willing to build
them arc sufficiently accommodated now.
I do not like to oppose a proposition of this
.kind, but, as a citizen of the Pacific coast, I want
to see a road built, and am therefore against any-
thing that will retard the accomplishment of that
object.
Mr. DAWES. I am with the gentleman in
favor of the object he seeks to attain, and if I
thought my amendment would have the effect he
suggests 1 would withdraw it. My amendment
vis necessary in order to enable these roads to
avoid mountains* and sharp turns, and to make
them upon' the shortest line.
Mr. STEVENS. If I understand the amend-
ment 1 see no objection to it. If a road reaches
the one hundredth degree of longitude fifty miles
north or south of the initial point,instead of com-
pelling it to turn to the right or left, it permits it to
continue on and strike tho line in the shortestand
best way.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PRUYN. I move to add the following:
The President of the United States shall, by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate, appoint a board of
eommUbionois. to consist of seven persons, who Miall have
and posses* all the power* now vested in the Union Pa-
cific Jlailioad Company under lite act entitled "An act to
aid in tho eonMnieiiou ot'a taihoad and telegraph line
tiom the Missouri river to the Pacific ocean, and to secure
to the Government the u*e of the saihe for postal, military,
and other pmpot-es,'" approved July 1, 1862; and the said
eoimm-Moners hl,all pioceed without delay to eonsUuet
the said railioad and telegraph line as authonzed by the
said act. The said comniisMoneis shall not be entitled to
any compensation (or their •service^, but their nece^ary
expenses, to he audited by the Secretaiy of the Treasury,
shall be paid to them reflectively.
I had tliis amendment read last night, and gave
notice that I would offer it when I had the oppor-
tunity. If the House shall come to the conclu-
sion to adopt it 1 will then move to refer the bill
back to the special committee to make it conform
to the amendment and carry out the detail. The
Government are to contribute some ninety-eight
per cent, of the amount needed for the construc-
Iion of the road; and the question is substan-
tially whether the work shall be controlled by
the Government or by those who only contribute
two per cent, of its cost.
Now, my view of the matter is that the Gov-
ernment should,through its own commissioners,
bu lid the load directly instead of doing it indirectly,
and it will spend no more money m that way
than in the present mode, save the comparatively
small sum of §2,000,000, and it would not part
with any of its lands. I have no objection to fti
organization which, by conti ibating- a proper
amount for this purpose, would really, m view
of the hazard it incurs, become entitled to some-
thing—some large grant, even, if you please, irom
Government—for the expenditure it may make
and the risk it may run.
Mr. PRICE. 1 desire to ask the gentleman a
question. I understand him to say he is opposed
to the Government adding anything more to the
giant alieady made, or to furnish any other fa-
cilities, unless the Government takes control of
ihe work. Now I desire to ask htm whether the
gentleman from New Yoik did not, alter the or-
ganization of the Pacific Union Railroad Com-
pany, offer a resolution either in the- board of
directors or stockholder not to do anywoik
toward the construction of the road until they
should have additional legislation upon the sub-
ject?
Mr. PRUYN. I will answer the gentleman.
Before most of the gentlemen who now have the
control of this road had anything to do with it,
when parties were desirous to save the'charter,
1, in company with several gentlemen in New-
York with whom I had been invited to act, en-
deavored with that view to obtain subscriptions
to this stock, or rather my associates did, and it
was then understood, not by any agreement in
legal form, for that could not be made, that if the
necessary amount of capital was subscribed fur-
ther legislation would be needed by Congress on
several points before it would be proper to pro-
ceed with the work, and that in the mean time the
requisite surveys and examinations for the line
of the road should be made, if the legislation of
Congress should not justify individual enterprise
going on with the undertaking, or if Congress
should come to the conclusion that some other
mode was desirable to carry it on, then the sub-
scription money paid in should be refunded, de-
ducting any amount which might have been paid
for incidental expenses and surveys. Their man-
ifest object in this was to promote the work by
procuring the necessary surveys, and again bring
the subject before Congress that it might in some
way be placed upon a footing which would lead
to its being successfully carried through.
Now, sir, if Congress prefer that a private cor-
poration should go on with this enterprise, and
that in consideration of $2,000,000, or of any-
other amount, they should be entitled to this fran-
chise, with the large land grants proposed, they
will say so by adoplingthe bill before you in the
shape in which it is reported. But I wish to ask
the House, in view of the facts now before us,
andof all the considerations which have been pre-
sented in regard to this enterprise, looking to
what the Government must do—and it must sub-
stantially do everything—whether it is not better
at once, if this great work is to be thoroughly
prosecuted, that the Government should ot once
take hold of it. I appeal to every gentleman
present whether in case this road will not take
careofitself, this company or any other company
or any individuals can be expected to contribute
from year to year to carry on and support it? If,
therefore, the operation be unsuccessful, it must
necessarily come back upon the Government. If
it be successful, we are parting with a vast do-
main with a great amount of property for a very
trifling consideration.
Now, I lay out of view the fact that in the
scheme reported by the committee they propose
that the company shall raise $50,000,000 on its
own bonds, for the reason that the Government
lien being subordinate to the first lien, it in fact
devolves on the Government to take care of the
company should any difficulty arise in its affairs.
My purpose, as I before stat.ed, if the House
should adopt this amendment, is to-move to re-
commit the bill to the committee to reframe it ac-
cording to the principle which this amendrnent
affirms; and I wish here in view of some things
which have occurred during this discussion to
say, if I have not stated it fully already, that I
have nothing to say in regard to the individuals
concerned in the management of this road. In
my argument last night I assumes everything in
their favor. 1 am willing to assume it now. I
make no attack here upon individuals. I have
nothing to say on that score. There is no ques-
tion that these gentlemen are abundantly able to
pay in thecapitiil they have subscribed. Iliaveno
doubt they are prepared to go on with the work.
But the question for the House to decide is
whether, looking at the vast amount in volved and
the great interests at stake, this is the true way
to build this road. I think not, and I hope my
amendment will be adopted.
Mr. SWEAT. I did not intend to say any-
thing upon this subject, for I supposed that, being
thoroughly understood, there would be but slight
opposition to the passage of the bill as reported
by the committee. Least of all did I expect op-
position from such a gentleman as he who has
just taken Ins seat, [Mr. Prutn,] a gentleman of
hbeial views, and who understands the railroad
system of this country us well, perhaps, as any (
gentleman upon this floor; but I can construe his
proposition in no other way than this, that it is
intended to defeat the passage of the bill now be-
fore the House. I wish to ask the gentleman
from New York whether this proposition of Ilia
