THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 22,
I for the appointment of seven commissioners to
act without pay to build the Union Pacific rail-
road to the Pacific ocean is or is not founded
upon the idea that the company as now organ-
ized are either not trustworthy or are incompe-
tent to carry on the charge to which they have
committed themselves?
Mr. PRUYN. Not at all. My whole argu-
ment was framed upon an entirely different basis.
1 laid out of the question the personal character
and capacity of the company, and simpiy claimed
that as this is a Government work, for which the
Government is to pay, we ought to build it ac-
cordingly, and get the benefit.
Mr. SWEAT. The gentleman either wishes
to have the Union Pacific railroad built or he
wishes it not. I can infer nothing else from his
argument than that he is not willing that it should
be built under the present organization. Is the
gentleman willing that it shall be?
Mr. PRUYN. I declared last evening that I
was earnestly in favor of the construction of this
road, and had been for years, and that I was one
of the parties instrumental in saving the charter;
but that I thought we could construct this road,
and ought to construct it, in view of the large
stake the Government has in it, in anQther way
than that proposed by the committee.
Mr. SWEAT. Has the organization of the
company changed since the gentleman interested
himself in it by becoming a stockholder ?
Mr. PRUYN. That was before the organiza-
tion.
Mr. SWEAT. It has always been the theory,
at all events of gentlemen upon this side of the
House, that the Government ought not to appoint
their own Federal agents for any great work of
internal improvement. That is the doctrine upon
which we have all stood, and that is the doctrine
upon which the gentleman from New York and
his associates have always stood. He now pro-
poses to place the construction of the most stu-
pendous work ever undertaken on the face of the
earth in the shape of a railroad in the hands of
immediate agents of the Federal Government.
Now, does lie suppose that men can be found
who will carry on this wotk to aauceessful term-
inaiion upon any such baais or theory as he 1ms
suggested? If we adopt the proposition of the
gentleman all that has been done under the legis-
lation of 1862, the oiganization that has been
formed, all the money that has been subscribed,
all the surveys that have been made, everything
goes for nothing; we are thrown back to wheie
we weie before the legislation of 1862, and must
start anew. I trust that that proposition, which
is ignoring entirely thin bill, will not be enter-
tained for one moment by this House.
Although riot anxious to speak on this bill, yet
as 1 am a member of the special committee that
reported it, 1 desire to say a single word. I have
served with that committee, and I need not say
how faithfully I have done so. But 1 can assure
the House that that committee of fourteen has
worked faithfully, honestly, and with as praise-
worthy a desire to save the public money as can
animate the gentleman from Illinois who spoke
last evening, [Mr. Wasiiburne.]
One of the first propositions made to the com-
mittee was for uh to decide whether, in the pres-
ent embarrassed state of the Government, we
would call upon the Government for another dol-
lar of aid to build this road. The committee was
unanimous in the decision that, in yiew of the
present demands on the Treasury of the United
States, we couid not, with propnety, be called
upon to embarrass the Government by appropri-
ating one other dollar or one other bond for the
road. On examining the bii! of 1862 we found
in it some provisions that were undoubtedly in-
troduced by the enemies of the bill, who weie de-
termined to kill it by such amendments as would
prevent the acceptance of the bill by the friends
of the road. We felt it our duty to allow certain
facilities to the ro&d while refusing a further
dollar of aid.
From the attack made on the bill by the gen-
tit man from Illinois last night, a person not uii-
deistanding this bill as connected with the first
one, would well suppose that some heinous crime
had been attempted to be committed. 1 need not
say that, in my judgment, the committee are as
loyal and as economical of the funds df the Gov-
ernment as is the gentleman from Illinois. Now,
what does the committee propose to do by this
bill? Simply to give certain facilities. In the
law of 1862 a provision was made that if any one
of these roads (and there are various roads con-
nected with this line from the meridian of longi-
tude mentioned to the Pacific ocean) failed in ful-
filling and complying with every single condition
the whole line should be forfeited to the Govern-
ment, no matter whether they had expended tens
of thousands or millions of dollars. We thought
that an exceeding hardship on the company, and
this bill provides that the failure to comply with
the conditions by a single section or branch shall
not work a forfeiture of all that has been done
from beginning to end. I submit whether that
was not a fair thing to do.
That is one of the horrible things that the com-
mittee has done. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Illinois, who says he has been a friend of
this road longer than anybody else, whether he
would justify the committee in that or whether he
disapproves of it?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Idonotknow
what the gentleman refers to.
Mr. SWEAT. I will repeat the question.
The bill before the House provides that the fail-
ure of any one company to comply fully with
the conditions and requirements of the act shall
not work a forfeiture of the road of any other
company.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 suggest to my colleague
on the committee that the question is now simply
on the amendment, and that he had better leave the
merits of the case till we get through the amend-
ment. He is a little out of order.
Mr. SWEAT. I am willing to take the sug-
gestion of the Chair. But as the gentleman from
Illinois did offer a proposition a few minutes ago
to repeal the tenth section, I trust the House will
bear with me a single moment in reference to
that, as I do not propose to trouble the House
again upon it. The proposition of that section is
simply that the company may put on the rail-
road and telegraph line a mortgage equal per mile
to that of the Government bonds. By the bill of
1862 the company was to receive $16,000 for that
part of the road built over the valley, $48,000 for
thatpait of the road built over the mountains,
and $32,000 for thatpai t built between the mount-
ains, which is in fact a very difficult and mount-
ainous region.
Now, the proposition is that the company shall
issue a mortgage to secure their bonds to an equal
amount, and that their mortgage shall take pre-
cedence over that of the Government.
Now, I submit, as the gentleman who is chair-
man of the special committee on this subject did
last evening to the distinguished economist from
Illinois, [Mr. Waswburne,] that if this road was
secure for the loan winch was proposed two years
ago, it must certainly be secure for the additional
amount which it is now proposed to put upon it.
Mr. SHANNON. I ask the gentleman from
Maine to allow the previous question to be moved
on the amendment pending of the gentleman from
New Yoik, and then to allow a vote to he taken
upon the proposition of the gentleman from Illi-
nois. The debate upon the general bili may then
proceed with less embarrassment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
make n lemark just here.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Sweat] is entitled to the floor and has not
yielded it.
Mr. SWEAT. The gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Prutn-,] before me, desires to make
an explanation. I will yield to him.
Mr. PRUYN. 1 desire to ask the gentleman if
he heard the remarks 1 made on this question
last evening:?
Mr. SWEAT. I did.
Mr. PRUYN. I am surprised, if the gentle-
man heard those remarks, that he should have in-
dulged in the line of observations which he did
this morning, i very briefly referred icist night to
my interest in the road yeais since, and i certainly
said nothing which ought to lead him or any gen-
tleman to suppose that the remarks I submitted
to the House were induced by any other than the
strongest interest and desire to see the work suc-
ceed. 1 believe the road will be built sooner, more
thoroughly, and more effectually, in the way I
have proposed than in any other way, and I submit
that my motives should be as liberally and as fairly
construed as those of the gentleman from Maine.
My friendship, my active friendship,if you please,
for this road, dates many years further back than
that of the gentleman from Maine.
#One other word in regard to what fell from the
gentleman, and I will yield the floor. He says
that if my project be adopted all the work that has
been done since 1862 will fall. Not at all; the
work that has been done would be turned over to
the Government after paying for its cost. The
surveys which have been made would of course
be just as available, and everything would proceed
without delay.
The gentleman mistakes when he supposes that
persons of high reputation, standing, and charac-
ter cannot be obtained to occupy positionsas com-
missioners under an act of this kind. Sir, if this
proposition be adopted I should have no hesita-
tion in saying that I would be prepared when the
proper time came to name gentlemen of such char-
acter, position, and standing before the country
as no member upon this floor would venture to
question, and who would undertake to supervise
the construction of this road without being paid
a dollar for it.
Mr. SWEAT. Before the gentleman takes his
seat I desire to ask him if he supposes this road
can be built by the Government under the super-
vision of these Federal agents for anything like
the amount a company composed of gentlemen
who are supposed to have some interest in the
matter could build it for?
Mr. PRUYN. I will answer the gentleman by
saying that i do believe the road could be built by
the Government under the supervision of such
men as I would have appointed—men outside of
alt political connection with the Government,and
ofhigh standing andcharacter—notonly cheaper,
but better and more useful for the great purposes
for which the road is to be constructed, than any
company would be likely to build it, because they
wouid have in view all the great elements of dur-
ability and usefulness which should belong to a
great national work of this kind to a greater
extent than any company could be expected to
have.
Mr. SWEAT. One single word more. We
ought to exercise a little common sense in this
matter, and then we will arrive at a right con-
clusion. Everybody knows that the great railroad
system of this country has been pushed forward
not merely by a feeling of loyalty and patriotism,
or simply for the improvement of the public do-
main, but by motives founded on self-interest.
Most of the transactions of life are entered upon
and urged to their completion by mixod motives
rather than by a single one, and railroads are no
exception to this truth. My opinion is that
names alone will not build the Union Pacific rail-
road. Money is needed, and I am for intrusting
this great work to men who are willing to give
their time, energies, and capital to it, and am
therefore opposed to bieaking up the present or-
ganization and giving it to the disinterested gen-
tlemen, acting as agents of the Government, as
suggested by the gentleman from New York.
Mr. STEVENS. The morning hour has nearly
expired, and I hope that the gentleman will yield
to me to demand the previous question.
Mr. SWEAT. I will demand it myself. I
demand the previous question on the pending
amendment.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. HOOPER. Is it in order to go into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
now ?
The SPEAKER. It can be done by a majority
vote.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and found
truly enrolled bills of the following titles; when
the Speaker signed the same:
An act (S. No. 265) to expedite and regulate the
printing of the public documents, and for other
purposes; and
An act (S. No. 306) to grant to the State of
California certain lands for State prison purposes.
LOAN BILL.
Mr. HOOPER. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and the House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union to
