1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of the leading journals of North Carolina, thus
expressed its apprehensions:
"We have for months had fears that an organization ex-
isted in the southern States, or may be in process of form-
ation, to pull down the fabrictof the southern confederacy,
to establish in its stead a despotism or monarchy." *
* * * " We assert what we know to be true, that
there are destructive office-holders in North Carolina who
ignore the confederate constitution and republican institu-
tions. They are avowedly in favor of a military despotism
or king. They are tired of freedom of speech and free
pi ess, and they would to-morrow, if they could, vote to
change the character of our institutions. That these views
are entertained hya largenumber of the secession destruc-
tive office-holders, both in the army and in civil life, we
have the best of .reasons for believing. These views are
held both by the destructives oi the old Whig school and
by fiery open-mouthed States rights Democrats."
Recent developments have established the fact
that the rebellion was not the fortuitous result of
a sudden impulse, but was the deliberate con-
summation of a long meditated and carefully ma-
tured pl&n, and that the fundamental purpose from
the beginning was to repudiate the principles of
democratic government. During the session of
the Legislature of South Carolina in 1850-51 Mr.
■ Perry, a member of that body, rebuked Mr. Mem-
minger, the present secretary of the treasury of
the rebel government, in the following significant
terms:
" I was very much suiprised,Mr. Chairman, at the hon-
orable member's speech from Chntleston (Colonel Mem-
minger) who said lie had rather South Carolina was at-
tached to the Government of Great Btitam, as she was pre-
vious to the revolutionary war. than to remain a member
of this Union. Such an expression neither becomes an
American nor a Carolinian, and mun have been Htteredin
the heat of aigument and declamation, without due con-
sideration "
It seems the sober second thought has not cured
that distinguished financier of his propensity for
oligarchical forms of government.
The leading political organ of the South, the
DemocraticReview, in the January number, 1850,
forgot its usual prudent reserve and promulged
its views in explicit language, it said:
"The foimation of the cotton State? with Cuba into a
great cotton, tobacco, sugar, and coffee-producing Union,
culling forth the boundless fertility of Cuba, and renovating
the West India Wands with the labor of the blacks of the
southern State*, in those: hands in which their laboi and
numbers have tlmven so well, and tins empire annexed to
Britain by tieatics of perfect icciprocity, giving the latter
the command of the eastern commcice by way of Nicaragua,
and alt the benefits ot possession without the lesponMbil-
ity ot slave ownership, would be a magnificent exchange
tot the useless ptovince of Canada."
In August, 3862, De Bow's Review, true to the
policy and principles of its prototype of 1850, re-
iterates the same political dogmas in terms equally
plan). This is its language:
" A nation trammeled with a written constitution is like
a man with his hands manacled. Its capacity for action
is ciamped and diminished.
"The conledeiate constitution is a mere tub thrown
over to tin; whale. No intelligent man who voted for it
deemed it would be peunanent, but only considei cd it a
tempoiaiy expedient, a giving way fot the tune fo popular
piejudices, a bridge oi pass-way between monocracy and
anarchy and eoiwivative republicanism.
"No peopleean he well ruled by a Government of limited
poweis—by a constitutional Government."
A writer in the same journal, of large influence
and reputation, in an elaborate article, published
in 1860, had avowed similar sentiments in the
following language:
"England has once tried to dispense with nobility, and
France twice, but eacli oxpemneut was a lailuie. In
America we have the. aristocracy of wealth and talent-*, and
that at isto#iaey is somewhat hereditan. The landed ans-
toeracv ot the South, who own >laves, appioach somewhat
to the English nobility. Tune miift detcrnmn* whether the
9«fm-austoeiacy of the South has sufficient power, perma-
nence, and pimlege to give <.tabilitv, disability, and good
order to society. It is Miflieicntiy patiiotie and con.etva-
tive in its feeling's, but wo lear wants the powois, pnvi-
leges, and prerogatives that the expci icnce of ail other eoun-
tnes has shown to be necessary." * * * *
t: The most pel f< ct sjr-t< m of government is to be found in
armies, because in them there is least ot hbeity and most
ot older, ^uboidimition, and obedience.
These are not tiie vagrant ebullitions of obscure
and henzied individuals. The principles thus
avowed have the sanction, directly or indirectly, of
the wisestand greatest men oftheSouth. Among
others I may refer to Judge Pratt. He expatiates
upon the subject with all the calmness and precis-
ion of a philosopher. Hear him:
The contest is not between the North and the South as
gecH'iaphical sections, for between two such sections merely
there can be no contest; nor between the people ot the
North and the people of the South, for our relation* have
been pleasant,and on neutral giound1* there is stil! nothing
to estrange us. We eat tnjrethei, trade together, and pine-
tiee yet in mteicourse, with gioat respect, the courtesies of
common life. Buttheieal contest i* between the two forms
of society which have become established, the one at the
North and the other at the South. Society is essentially
different from Government, as different as is the nut from
the burr, or the nervous body of the shell-fish from the bony
structure which surrounds it; and within this Government
two societies had become developed as vaiiant in structure
and distinct in form as any two beings in animated nature.
The one is a society composed of one race, the other of two
races. The one is bound together but by the two great so-
cial relations of husband and wife and parent and child;
the other by the three relations of husband and wife and
parent and child and master and slave. The one embodies
In its political structure the piineiple that equality is the
right of mau, the other that it is the right of equals only.
The one embodying the piineiple that equality is the right
of man, expands upon the horizontal plane of pure democ-
racy ; the other embodying the principle that it is not the
right of man but of equals only, has taken to itself the
rounded form of a social aristocracy. In the one there is
hireling labor, in the other slave labor; in the one, there-
fore, in theory, at least, labor is voluntary; in the other in-
voluntary. In the labor ot the one there is the elective fran-
chise, in the other there is not; and as labor is always In
excess of direction in the one, the power of Government is
only with the lower classes; in the other the upper. In
the one, therefore, the reins of Government come from the
heels, in the other fiom the head of the society; in the one
it is guided by the woist, in the other by the best intelligence;
in the one it is from those who have the least, in the other
fiom those who have the greatest stake la the continuance
of existing order."
Nor are these sentiments of dissatisfaction with
our system of republican equality and popular
institutions confined to Quarterly Review*?. They
fill the columns of the metropolitan daily papers,
and are thence transferred to the country press.
Even so late as May 28, 1863, the Richmond Ex-
aminer, emboldened by the partial successes of
the confederate arms, with jubilant eagerness pro-
claims:
" The establishment of the confederacy is verily a dis-
tinct icaction against the whole course ot the mistaken civ-
ilization of the age; and this is the tiue reason why we
have been left without the sympathy of the nations until
we conquered that sympathy with the sharp edge of our
sword.
" for ' liberty, equality, fraternity,' we have deliber-
ately substituted • siaveiy, ^uboidmation, and government.'
Those social and political problems which rack and torture
modern society we have undertaken to solve for ourselves
in out own way and upon our own punciples. That'among
equals equality is right;' among those who are natmally
unequal, equality i.s chaos; that there are slave races born
to serve, master races boin to govern. Such are the fun-
damental punciples which we inherit from the ancient
world, which we lifted up in the fact' ot' a perverse genera-
tion that has forgotten the wisdom of its fathers. By those
principles we live, ami m their defense we have shown
ourselves ready to die. Keverently we feel that our con-
federacy 1-5 a God-sont missionaiy to the nation.-, with great
truths to preach. We must spaak them boldly; and whoso
hath ears to hear, let him hear."'
In perfect harmony with all these expositions
of the principles and purposes of the leaders of
the rebellion, the liteiary journals of the South
lend their pages and presses to the common on-
slaught against popular liberty. The Southern
Literal y Messenger, the leading literary periodi-
cal of Virginia, after adverting to the dangers of
the extreme democratic and popular tendencies of
the times, uses this language:
" It is against this tendency that we would warn our
young republic. Let u-^ learn fiom history that popular
principles are but poor guaiantees, ol liberty.
u We would not be understood a«? uniting in the belief of
the impossibility of a successful icptiblic, that we cry out
for the reestablislunentoi lovalty in this tice country, whose
noble ««on«i daily attest their detestation of tyranny in all its
fomis by those teinble hbations which it is the habit of lib-
erty to e\actfrom her votaues. We have no special objec-
tions to royalty when untrained by constitutional barners.
The glonous Jaiecr of Iroedom in England, illustrating for
centime*, the beauty and tiuth of free government, demon-
stiates that ioya!tyand itbeity aic incompatible. Certainly
the condition of a Mjbject ot the Czar ot Russia, the most
absolute of monarehs. is preferable to that ol that democratic
Government winch we aie nevertheless assured is the
' Ircest and best Government the woild ever ww.M'
That is a very distinct allusion to the speech of
the vice president of the southern confederacy.
Again, tracing the genealogy of the races of this
countiy, the Puiitan and the Cavalier, the writer
closes his argument in this language:
« Who will insist that the Satoni/.ed mawworm^creep-
ui" trom the Mayflower on to the cold, forbidding crag? of
the North, have anv tight to kinship with the whole-souled
Norman Bntish planters of a gallant race, en a welcoming
sunny soil r'J
Sir, the conspiratois who devised the constitu-
tion of the confederate States are entitled to more
credit for sagacity than we are accustomed to
vouchsafe to them. They are not obnoxious to
the reproaches which aie so ofyen cast upon them
for the want of foresight in the construction of
their system of confederate government. Their
wisdom is to be measured by their motives; and
when we apprehend the truth that the ultipnate
object of the rebel leaders was the establishment
of an oligarchy, or a monarchy, we shall be able^to
understand the ppHcy of their fundamehtal
which contains within itself the irrepressible ele-
ments of its own destruction. Their object was
to superinduce its overthrow, and to coerce'their
people to adopt some form of despotic govern-
ment as a refuge fr<fm the greater evils of tho-dis-
order and anarchy which they have foreordained
shall inevitably overtake them. In the language
just quoted from their review, their constitution
was " a tub thrown over to the whale." They
intended to compel the repudiation ofa Gov-
ernment of limited powers." ^
Do we not therefore, Mr. President,land in-this
juster appreciation of the purposes of the rebel-
lion, and in-this juster apprehension of the conse-
quences of its success, enhanced motives for resist-
ance to it? For, if thus far in the history of the na-
tion the policy of opposing the intervention of for-
eign Powers in the affairs of this hemisphere.has
been wise, if the existing efforts of France to es-
tablish an imperial dynasty in a distant and dif-
ferent part of the continent be just cause of ap-
prehension and animadversion, what shall be said
of the danger to our free institutions in the loyal
States if a part of our own people, on a.part of
our own sail, shall succecd in erecting a. system
of anti-republican governments© near that'the
shadow of its throne will darken the portals of
our Capitol?
Mr. President, my relation to some of the ques-
tions involving the merits of'slavery as an insti-
tution, especially in my own State, has subjected
me to the severe animadversion of both friends and
foes. But the people whom I have the honor to
represent have, I thank God, vindicated me with
a unanimity hardly ever paralleled. They have
made West Virginia a free State by a vote of
28,743 to 572. Sir, I am ready to acknowledge
a change, not of opinion as to the character and
merits of slavery in the abstract, (for in that re-
spect I entertain the same opinions now that I
have always done,) but of my sympathies for sla-
very. There was a time when it had my sym-
pathies. Once I was ready to resent the obloquy
cast upon it and to resist the threatened encroach-
ments on the slaveholder's rights. But now, sir,
when from the lips of the second officer of this in-
surrectionary government I am assured that no
southern man " can name one governmental act of
wrong done by the Government of Washington
of which the South has aright to complain;" and
when, notwithstanding this, 1 look abroad upon
the desolated fields, the sacked cities and villages,
the scenes of blood and carnage, and the widow-
hood and orphanage with which the land is filled,
all, all of which have been brought upon the coun-
try in order that a new government shall be erected
upon the ruins of the Republic, having for its
chief corner-stone the institution of slavery and
discardingtheprinciplesof republican institutions,
my sympathies for slavery are supplanted by the
higher obligations of duty to resist by all lawful
means a proposition so monstrous and humilia-
ting. whatever the slaveholder is entitled to by
the laws and the Constitution, that 1 will give him
—nothing more. I will invade none of his legal
rights. These must be sacredly regarded. I will
infringe none of his constitutional guarantees. I
will give "the devil his due.-" But if the force
of naked law cannot preserve slavery, then, so far
as I am concerned, it must fall. I will give it no
aid in word or will, in deed or thought, beyond
what the strict obligations of law will compel me
to give to it. As for me, henceforth and forever
it must stand, if it can stand, by the vigor of its
own inherentstrength and the support of the legal
guarantees that surround it. If this be abolition-
ism, then I am an abolitionist.
And, sir, when its apologists and defenders,
not satisfied with the legal securities upon which
alone it has a right to rely, abandon the only ten-
able grounds which can be consistently urged for
its existence in this nineteenth century of the
Christian era, and challenge for it the approba-
tion of mankind as an institution essential to the
liberty of the white race and to any high degree
of civilization and social and intellectual refine-
ment, 1 do not feel inclined to allow the challenge
to pass without question or rebuke. Mark you,
Mr. President, with what superciliousness and
with what terms of contempt this challenge is
sometimes made! I read, sir, from a leading organ
of southern sentiment, the Richmond Whig, of
