1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL
take up the loan"bill which was made the special
order for to-day.
The House divided; and there were— ayes 57,
docs 35.
So the motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the statoof the Union,
(Mr. Bout well in the chair,) and proceeded to
the consideration of House bill No. 540, to pro-
vide ways and means for the support of the Gov-
ernment, and for other purposes.
Mi. HOOPER. I move that the first rending
of the bill be dispensed with,
Mr. HOLMAN. I object.
The bill was lead a first time for information,
and ihen the Clerk proceeded to read it by sec-
lions for amendments.
The first section was read,as follows:
That the Secretniy of the Treasury be, and he is hereby,
authorized to bonow, from time to time, on the credit of
the United States, ,<5460,000,000, ,\nd to issue therefor cou-
pon or uttered bonds ol the United States, redeemable
at the plea^te oflhe Government after any peuod not less
than fivf! nor more than thirty je«irs, or, if deemed expe-
dient, made payable at any peuod not more than forty years
from date. Ami said bontU *dmll ho of such denominations
as Hie Secretary of the Ttea-ury fhall direct, not le^-s than
filty dollai>, and beat an annual interest not exceeding .six
pei cent., paj able semi-annually in com. And the Secre-
tary o! the Tie;\Mirv may dispose of such bonds, or any part
thereof, and ofanj bond* commonly known as five twenties
lem.iuung unsold, in the United States, or, if ho^hall find
it expedient, in Europe, at any tune, on such terms as lie
may deem ino-a advisable, for lawful money of the United
State*, or, at 1 m discretion, for Treasuty note?, certificates
of indebtedness,, or eeitiilcates of depo&it issued under any
act of Congress. And all bonds, Trea^urvnotes, and other
obligations of the United States shall he exempt from tax-
ation by or under State or municipal authority.
Mr. HOOPER moved after the word "terms,"
in the eighteenth line, to insert the words "and
condition5*."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOLiVIAN. I move to strike out the last
chiiise, which is in these words:
And all bonds, Treasury notes, and othfr obligations of
the United States >hall he exempt irom taxation by or un-
der State or municipal authority.
U will be observed, Mr. Chairman, that this
goes further than any legislation we have had on
this subject. This embraces bonds, Treasury
notes, and other obligations of the United States.
Other obligations will be construed by the coui ts
to mean legal-tender notes. Jt will al.so embrace
certificates of indebtedness. It would extend to
tiie mterest-beming Treasury notes now out, and
to all those authonzed by the second section of this
act. It will cover the entire floating wealth of the
country. It withdraws this large amount of cap-
ital fi om State and municipal taxation.
I am wi ong in saying that it willembrace all of
the floating wealth of the country. It would not
apply to the notes of the national banks, or to the
notes issued by the local banks in the country; but
it would cover $450,000,000 ofTieasury notes. It
would cmbiaceall those now out, and all author-
ized by the second section of this act.
While it may be an argument in favor of this
provision that it ia necessary for the bonds them-
selves to prevent their depreciation as compared
with those which have preceded them, still the
whole question comes up, and we will be told that
the subject is already affected by legislation and
that tins provision has been applied to loans now
in force. Now I never thought that it was m the
power of Congress to limit the light of taxation
for State and municipal purposes." When we did
so it was an unwarrantable assumption of power.
It was not expected the mischief would be so
gieat when the first law was passed; but now the
full extent of the evil can be foreseen. I do not
believe it does or can mure to the benefit of any
oth^r class of people than the largo capitalists.
The great mass of the people have none of these
bonds; they are in the hands of the banks and of
the large capitalists. It enables a man to with-
draw all of his means from State and municipal
taxation, and makes the burden of taxation un-
necessarily heavy upon the poorer class of people. :
The capitalists and those having no investments
in ieal estate and meichandise, the men least ben- 1
eficial to the country, are thus peimitted to es- I
cape the just burdens of the Government; and all !j
the burden is thrown upon labor and upon capi- l|
ta! invested in real estate and in thecommon com-
modules of the entire country. ||
I trust that the importance of this subject, as tj
it biost affect the whole financial interests of tho il
country, will command the serious consideration
of this House, and that the principle, already
bad enough, ingrafted upon our legislation con-
nected with these public securities will not at
least be extended beyond the limits already es-
tablished. If this entire provision is notstricken
out 1 hope it will be confined at least to bonds
alone, arid not extended to Treasury notes and
other obligations of the United States.
Mr. HOOPER. I hope that amendment will
not be adopted. Every other loan bill under
which obligations of the Government are now in
circulation contains a similar clause, and I trust
we shall not make this bill an exception.
The gentleman says it-exempts United States
notes issued for circulation. 1 understand, how-
ever, that this provision applies only to the in-
terest-bearing obligations or the Government. If,
however, the gentleman thinks that the provision
would be safer with an amendment in that re-
spect, I am willing it should be made.
Mr. HOLMAN. These Treasury notcsare in-
terest-bearing paper. The difference between
them and legal tender is that the one kind bears
interest while the other does not. The term
"Treasury notes,"as made use of here, refers to
the notes provided for in the second section of
this bill. The language is, "Treasury notes and
otherobligationsof the United States." If"Treas-
ury notes" would not embrace legal tender, the
other tei m, " and other obligations of the United
States," of course would embrace all others which
the Government has issued.
Mr. HOOPER. Would the gentleman pro-
pose that legal-tender notes should be subject to
State and municipal taxation?
Mr. KERNAN. I understand (he gentleman
to ask whether any notes should be subject to
Statennd municipal taxation. Surely they, should
be; otherwise all that a wealthy man has to do to
get rid of State taxation is to convert his property
into money, whiUi of all other things is the most
tangible wealth, and should be taxed.-
Mi. IIOOPER. It would be very unfair to
subject him to municipal taxation when he has
done that, as he would have no income on which
to pay a tax.
Mr. KERN AN. If a man is to be taxed on
personal estate he is to be taxed upon that which
is money, which is personal estate. If 1 under-
stand this provision, a man who has property m
currency would not be faxed at all.
Mr. MALLORY. I will state to the gentleman
from Massachusetts that in Kentucky the tax-
gatherer asks the tax-payer what he is worth in
money after all hisdebtsare paid. Ifhe answers
five or ten thousand dollars, he is taxed upon that
amount. If you exempt legal-tender notes from
taxation, and the tax-gatherer asks me that ques-
tion and I say I am worth $10,000 in legal-tender
notes, then he is at once prohibited from taxing
me, and I am free from taxation of any kind.
Mr. SWEAT. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Massachusetts a question for information.
Will the gentleman state upon what theory it is
thought advisable by the Committee of Ways
and Means that bonds, Treasury notes,and other
obligations of the Government should be exempt
from taxation by State authority?
Mr. HOOPER. In reply I would say that I
do not think the committee looked to any theory
about it. Tln y found the general practice since
the commencement of the Government had been
to exempt from taxation the obligations of the
Government issued by the United States under
loan bills.
Mr. SWEAT. I supposed that the theory was
this, that the bonds would be much sooner taken
up if they were to be exempt from taxation. If
that be the theory I think it is a mistaken one;
for it is getting1 to be so unpopular in many por-
tions of the country for men to hold bonds which
are not subject to taxation by State legislation,
that men are becoming unwilling to take the odium
upon themselves, which they must necessarily do
if it be known that they have invested a large por-
tion of their surplus funds in the bonds of the
United States. I believe if the bonds were sub-
ject to taxation men would be moic willing to take
them than they are now when they are exempt.
I was never more struck with the force of this
idea than I was when I heatd a remark made by
a very distinguished gentleman, a warm friend of
this Ad ministration, and 1 may say, without men-
tioning his name, one of the justices-of ftie Su*?
preme Court of the United States'. Hesaid th&t;
ne, for one, wo.uld be unwilling; to take bonds that
were to be exempt from taxation by the riiumci^'
pal lawsof the State wherehelrved,forthereashn
that he believed the system would become sood*-'
ous before many months had gone by that 'a man
would find it difficult to live in a neighborhood
where it was known that he had in vested his Sur-
plus funds in Government bonds, therebyescap- *
ing taxation on his personal property.
I think it would work better to let it be known *
at once that the man who invests his money in •
Government bonds shall pay State taxes upon the
property so invested, the same as upon other
property.
Mr. POMEROV. If the indebtedness created
by the United States in the conduct of this war
is to be taken at home, it is to consume pretty *
much the entire surplus wealth of the country;'
it is to be measured by thousands of millions. I
say further, that to-day Great Britain with its
present debt owned abroad would be bankrupt}
because it would have to export gold to pay the
interest. Great Britain bears the debt simply
because it holds its own debt; and so it is an ob-
ject for citizens of the United States to hold this
debt; but at the same time a proposition to ex-
empt that debt from taxation, Slate or municipal,
is in effect a proposition to exempt it from taxa-
tion altogether; because, under the Constitution"
of the United States, there is no power by which
a direct tax can be laid that con reach it. You
can only, under a direct tax, reach land and
slaves.
Now, I am utterly opposed to this proposition.
I have given the last vote I shall ever give in this'
Congress to exempt from taxation, in any form
in which it may be laid on any other species of
property, money invested in the securities or in-
debtedness of the United States. I believe that
money invested in the bonds of the State of New
York or in the bonds of the United States should
be subject to exactly the same taxation as the
same money would be if invested in any otherse-
cunties of whatever nature. I have voted for this
proposition heretofore; but I believe the principle
is a vicious one. I believe that if the debt is to be
paid it is to be paid by subjecting it to taxation
like other property, i believe that if the holders
of the bonds knew their own interest they would
come to Congress and themselves ask to have the
exemption from taxation contained in former jaws
repealed. It is for their benefit, and for that of
the whole people, that this property should be
subject to taxation. For one, I never will know-
ingly vote for such a principle hereafter.
Mr. GANSON. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr, Hooper,] in justification of this
provision, stated that it had been the uniform
custom to exempt obligations of this kind from
State and municipal taxation. Now, sir, I think
there is nothing in that view of the case that should
influence this House in its action in any degree.
We all know that prior to the rebellion and the
debt it brought upon the country the State tax-
ation, and the municipal taxation, with the ex-
ception, perhaps, of the city of New York, was
comparatively trifling, but in future the chief part
of the taxes to be raised in the States are the di-
rect consequence of the pending rebellion. The
State of New York, including county, city, and
town obligations, to-day has an indebtedness of
$50,000,000, which was incurred for the purpose
of raising soldiers to fill your Army. The taxes
to pay that debt should be imposed upon Federal
obligations as well as upon other property. There
is no sense in exempting Federal obligations from
their share of the burden thus imposed. I say,
therefore, that when the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts refers to the past practice of this Govern-
ment he makes a false reference, and one having
no weight whatever upon the subject now under
consideration.
When hereafter the people come to understand
this matter and see that this indebtedness was
contracted solely for the purpose of suppressing
this rebellion, and when they see that personal
property invested in Government obligations is
exempt from taxation, the holders of such obli-
gations and the system also will become perfectly
odious. It is for that reason that I have uniformly
upon this floor opposed exempting the national
bcinkn fiom State or municipal taxation, and for
