1232
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 22.
June 14,1861; and the extract is quite exemplary
of the general tone of southern journalism:
"Tni!" va*t region, inhabited by a people who are bred
from childhood to horsemanship and the u*e of arms, and
who know wh;u liberty is, and love and udore it, i* por-
tioned out for fubjligation by tbo disgusting Yankee race,
who don't know how to load a gun, and look contemptible
on horseback. That they may he dulled into respectable
xnilitaiy machines by the Vngmiaii"—
This was in the days of General Scott—
"who commands them is likely enough ; but without dis-
jointing the eternal fitness of tiling and dislocating the or-
der of nature, that they should become capable of empire
is simply j^jsurd. Grant that mere force should enable
them to overrun the land like a cloud of eastern locusts,
their reign would pass with themselves They potsesf not
one quality that fits them for command. Since their be
ginning as a nation, and out of all their seething population,
they have never yet produced a general or a statesman.
That is an effmt beyond their ability. But foi organizing
hotels, working machinery, and other base mechanical con-
trivance?, the> are without equals in the woild. And the
very law of nature which invests them with excellence hi
those interior departments of humanity condemns them to
inferiouty m thos e of a nobler and more exalted station."
Sir, when the assumed superiority of the slave-
holding Slates, which these extracts imply, is at-
tributed to the existence of slavery, it certainly
will be neither impertinent nor unprofitable to in-
quire into the truth of the allegation.
Sir, I would not detract a jot or tittle from the
true excellences of southern character or from
the just fame,of the immortal names which adorn
the history of the southern States, i am, as an
American citizen, proud of them all. They are
a part of the rich heritage of our common coun-
try. But, sir, when slavery is assigned as the
source of this greatness, and is thus made to in-
voke our homage and appiobntion as a political
and aoeial blessing;, I mu t enter my emphatic
demurrer. Sir, in what element or department
of moral, political, or intellectual excellence have
the slave States exhibited any superiority over
the free States? Where is the iliustiatton of the
inimitable excellence of the influence, of slavery
upon individuals or upon society? it appears to
me that there is something of temerity, not to say
of judicial blindness, in these defiant boasts of ihe
advocates of .slavery. Hut as the appeal in made
to facts, le.i farts settle the controversy.
Now, sir, the bent system of political economy
is one of the lushest problems addressed to the
mind of the statesman. Taking actual results as
the surest test of wisdom here, what do they teach
us? I shalf not weaiy the Senate with details.
I only ask you to contrast the slave States with
the free States; slave labor with free labor. When
you do so every constituent of national prosper-
ity and power; cvei y element of pro ies.s and de-
velopment; incn-ase of pojwilation; ine.ien.se of
wealth, education, agriculture, commerce, manu- ;
facturcH, the sciences, thi1 arts, ay, the fine arts too,
oil, all attest beyond the reach of the eaviler, the
superiority of fiee labor over slave labor. The
census is a standing refutation of the economical
claims of shivery. Nor will it avail anything to
attribute these advantages to sod, or climate, or
geographical position, for in all these respects no
section of the earth is to be compared with the
southern States. But then we shall be told that
these ate tneie physical achievements le.sulting
from the peculiar adaptability of the ''Yankee
race*' to mechanical and menial pursuits. It is
ni tlie higher fields of intellectual culture and re-
finement where the peculiar and beneficent influ-
ences of slavery are to be sought for and leab/.ed.
Wdl, sir, let us survey some of these exalted
fields. Is jurisprudence one of them? And was
not Marshall a southern man t He was. Cut did
slavery make him a jurist11 Let hisou n estimation
of the institution aoMvn the question. In 1^5,
in an interview with Miss £Lu ri< t Martineau, he
said:
He had seen Virginia the leading Stan? for half hi* life;
he had -ecu her become the w;ooml and -ink to the fifth'
Worse than this, there was no atri'-u.m her decjme If her
citizen-, did not put an end to blaverj."
Besides, if Virginia had a Maishal!, Now York
had a Kent, and Massachusetts a Story.
Then, sir, there \h the field of history, which
I suppose might not b<-> beneath the ambition of
the higher civilization of .slave) y. And yet what
slave State has produced a Bancroft? What age
or nation has furnished another Preseott ? In the
department of general literature, what country
would not be pronu to claim she nativity of Jr-
viri" ? And in poet, y, \vb- le is the ro, uth'jrn pai-
uliei of L-uigft'lio w
Two or three nations have claimed the honor
which undoubtedly belongs to Fulton. Shall his
genius, which has revolutionized the economy of
all civilized nations, and now controls their des-
tinies in an eminent degree", be sneered at as merely
mechanical, and therefore base and degrading?
Upon the same principle the social position of
Moise must be assigned to a servile rank. But
one thing is certain, their nativity belongs to the
North. Sir, if " cotton is king," he was a sov-
ereign without dignity or dominion until the ge-
nius of Whitney placed a scepter in its hand in
the form of the cotton-gin.
Still advancing in the contrast, what shall be
said respecting the eloquence of the two sections ?
Will slavery point to Henry as without a paral-
lel ? Sir, I shall not pause to perform the ungrate-,
ful and invidious task of seeking for his compeer.
But in our reverence for his memory let us not
foiget the lessons he taught when he said, in a
letter to It. Pleasants:
"The tune will come when an opportunity will be of-
fared to abolish this lamentable evil. 1 shall honor the
Quakers! for their noble efforts to abolish slavery."
Are instances of excellence in this department
to be multiplied upon us ? Does the name of Clay
challenge comparison > Sir, he never had a more
ardent admirer than myself, both for his eloquence
and his manhood. But although he was born in
the South and lived and died in the South, yet he
"knew no North, no South." And the thrilling
echoes of his voicc have hardly yet died away
among the Ilalls of this Capitol, where he ex-
claimed:
" So lone; as God allows the vital current to flow through
my vein-1, I will never, never, never, by word or thought,
by mind <>r will, asd m admitting one rood of tree territory
to the everlasting cutsf of human bondage,"
Sir, I cannot forbear to rend an extract from a
speech of Mr. Benton refeiringto this grand pas-
sage m Mr. ('lav's life. It was dehveied by him
in St. Louis in 1H,j(k lie said:
l| u It w;h a I'HMt and pioud day for Mr. Clay, toward the
-! latter da \ oi Jim hie, and i! an at t i-t i ould have been liirre
to c.iti h hw e\pi e-vmn us he utten d th.it -sentiment, with
,j h-ieilexou his i.ice, and his countenance beaming with
j I hi nine--* of put pOM1. it would have hecn a gloj mils moment
hi wl.ii h to u.tn-uu t him to po-tentv —his counted mice all
alive and luminous with the nleas that beat in hisho-oni;
tiiaT was a pioud d.i\. I could have wi-hed th.it I had
spoken the s une w.«nh. I mh ak them now, tellui? you
they weie hi;, and adopting them a-s my own "
But it seems that statesmen are the special re-
sult;; of the influences of slavery. And who are
the eminent men to In- adduced as the apposite
ilbihtrri, os of this assumption* The memory
insimctivi ly iccalls the names of Madison and
Jeflerson. 1 ask, does the name of Hamilton suf-
fer by a compnnson with tlnm? i may enlaige
the scope ol impmy and challenge the world to
produce another Fiankbn.
u iCripiut C(Plo (ulmea, .sceptrumque t\ ranni.s."
But, sir, what was the opinion of Jefferson and
Madison, those lliusuious, if not incomparable
statesmen, lespeoting the institution of slaver}0
The former, in a letter written m 181-1 to Edward
Coles, Esq., said:
" The hom of emancipation i« advancing in the march
o{ tune. It shall have all my prayet*, and these are the
only weapons ol an old man. It Is an encouraging obser
vation that no good measiiu; was evei pioposcd which, U
duly pursued, laih-d in the end.''
1 have heard that sentini'Mit of Mr. Jefferson
stigmatized as the resultofhis dotage; but I will
quote now from ius Notes on Virginia, wntUm
when he was quite a young man, in which he said:
" indeed I lo'inhle toi mj country when 1 retle< t that (lod
irf jtisi, and that Ills jus'n e cannot .-lei p fore ver. Uoubt-
|rvs a <i'>d ol ju~tice wjli awake to their [the slaves] dis-
tress and by diii'usm;; a light ami libeiahtj anions their op
pri"- or-«, or at length, Ih His exterminating thunder, m mi-
le-1 f I is arte ntion to tlx* thin"- ot this wo; U', and that they
nif not It-It to the dunl.uice ot blind fataliu
Mr Madison declared in the Federal Conven-
tion that, he 4i thought it wrong to admit, in the
Constitution the idea that there could be property
in man/' (3 Aladison Papers, 1-r^lh)
In the debate in Congress on the memorial of the
Pennsylvania Abolition Society, in 1791), drawn
up by Benjamin Franklin, in favoi of"£/ic resto-
ration to libeUy of those unhappy rat n who, in this
tand of ft eedom,'&i6 degraded into perpetual bond-
&^e,'5 Mr. Madison said:
'■ Tli" dictatf". ofhimiamtj, the piinciple«! of the people,
tin: national saletv ami h.ippjuesx, and prtulent policy, re-
quire it of n-. The CMisttfuUon ha-3 patticulaii) eailedour
attention to it."
And, sir, that other name which is incompa-
rable—a name belonging not to the North or the
South, nor to one clime or age, but to all climes
and to all ages to come, and to all races of man-
kind—Washington, shall we foiget that he wrote
to R. Pleasants as follows:
" There is not a man living that wishes more sincerely
than I do to see a plan adopted for the abolition of slaveiyj
but there is only one ptoper and effectual mode by winch it
can be accomplished, and that is by legislative authority,
and this, so far as my buffrage will go, shall not be want-
ing."
Again, to Sir John St. Clair, he wrote:
"I never mean, unless some particular circumstance
should compel me to it, to possess another slave by pur-
chase, it being among my first wishes to see some plan
adopted by which slavery in this country may be abolished
by law."
Sir, it is a remarkable fact that nearly all of the
illustrious men of the slaveholding States who are
so constantly and boastfully held up to our ad-
miration as examples of the elevating influences
of southern institutions have left the most un-
equivocal testimony of their disapprobation of
slavery. Is it not so, sir? Even at the risk of
trespassing on the patience of the Senate, I pro-
pose to prove it to be so. And the Senate, I trust,
will the more readily indulge me since I have been
and still am wantonly assailed as having forsaken
the old paths of my fathers and begun to follow
strange gods, even the false gods of northern fa-
naticism. Sir, 1 deny the imputation. I am stand-
ing to-day where my fathers stood, a humble dis-
ciple of the political doctrines which they taught.
If other evidence than that which I have already
given be required to prove this assertion, 1 am
ready to produce it. Sir,-I have long suffered in
silence the taunting cry that I am guilty of polit-
ical infidelity, that I am untrue to my section, that
I have been false to the interests of those I have
represented, and am wandering after an ignis
fatuus engendered in the hot-bed of modern abo-
litionism. Sir, what are the facts ?
Before the Declaration of Independence, while
Virginia was yet a colony, the House of Burgesses
declared:
" The abolition of domestic slavery Is the great object of
de>irft in the<e colonies, where it was unhappily intro-
duced m their intant state. But previous to the enfian-
ehi-iemcntof the tdave* we have, it is necessaiy to exclude
all luitli^r nnpoitationsfrom Atrica. Yet our repeated cf-
lortH to effect thlx, by prohibiting and by imposing duties
which might amount to prohibition, have been hitherto de-
feated by his Majesty's negative, thus preferring the ad-
vantages ofa few Buti.sh corsair^to the las-tang interests of
the American States, and to the ri^hu of ruim.ni nature
deeply wounded bj tins infamous practice."
George Mason, the author of the bill of rights
of Virginm, and one of her most eminent early
statesmen, has left this record of his opinion of
slavery:
u Slavery dlscouragp* arts and manufactures. The poor
despise labor when pejformed byhlave*. They prnventthe
unmisratum of whites, who really enrich and Mreiigihen a
country. They produce the mo t petmeioiw elfect* on
manners, ftvr tv mas-tor of slaves i> born a petty tv rant.
They biinp the judgment of Heaven on a countty. By "an m-
evit.ihle ehdiu of c.ui-es and etToctf, Providence punishes
national sin.- bj national calamities."
President Monroe, in the constitutional conven-
tion of Virginia in 18*29-30, used this language:
" We have found that tin* evil has pioved upon the very
vital* of the Union. It has been prejudicial to all the State*
in which it ha* existed."
Benjamin Wntkma Leigh, a member of the same
body, ami a very distinguished man too, in dis--
| cussmg the mutter used this language:
: I wl*h, indeed, that I had been born ma land where
I domestic ami negio slavery is unknown, I vvi-h that Provi-
: dei.ee had -p.ncd m> e juntry thi* moral and political evil.
(t i'! .supposed that our slave labor enables us to live in
! nixuiy and ease, without mdi^tiy, without care. Sir, the
j evil ofMaveiy i-> greater to the ma-'tei than to the fdave."
: In the convention of Virginia, which adopted the
Constitution of the United States, Patrick Henry
i took the giound that if the General Government
was clothed with power " to provide for the gen-
j eral defense," it would have authority u to pro-
i nounce all slaves free." in reply, Governor Ran-
! dolph said:
[ u f hope there is none here who, considering the Mibject
; in the calm light of philosophy, will advance an objection
so dishonoiable to Virginia; that at the moment they are
' seeming the ngiit- of their citizen*, an objection will not
he started that the*e innominate men now It eld m bondage
. by the operation of the Geneial Government mav he made
free."
Nor were such opinions peculiar to Virginia.
They were entertained by the hading men of the
, entire South. William Pmkney, in the Maryland
