186
THE' CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13,
discuss it factiously, but where gentlemen will
have the means of looking into the matter and of
deciding whether it is wise to change the law,
which now inflicts as a part of thepunishment for
treason forfeiture of estate for life. I believe that
is all that we can constitutionally do, and there-
fore I am not in favor of amending the law as it
now stands, which is clear, so as to leave itdoubt-
ful and open to legal construction.
Mr. WILSON. I understand that there are
some other members of the Committee on the Ju-
diciary who desire to be heard upon this propo-
sition, and I certainly have no desire to press it
unreasonably upon the House. I will therefore
move to recommit the joint resolution to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary. That will admit of gen-
eral discussion on the resolution. Let the dis-
cussion procecd during the present morning hour,
and then let it pass over as unfinished business to
be taken up in future. That will enable gentle-
men to examine the resolution, and also to express
such views as they may desire to present to the
House. I submit the motion to recommit, and I
also move that the joint resolution lie printed.
The motion to print was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I have drawn an amend-
ment in the nature of a substitute for the resolu-
tion, which I propose to offer whenever it shall
be in order under the rules. I ask that it be read
and printed.
Mr. Stevens's proposed amendment was read,
as follows:
Resolvcdliythe Senate and House of Representatives, That
the joint resolution parsed July 17,18G'3, and the joint icj-
ohitlon explanatory ot an act to suppress rebellion, be, nnd
the same are hereby, approved.
Mr. ORTH. Mr.Speaker, treason is the high-
est crime known to law, whether considered m
its moral or its social aspect. The man who will-
ingly betrays his country or conspires its de-
struction is justly regarded, and ever has boon,
as guilty of a turpitude, a baseness, and a moral
obliquity without a parallel in the history of hu-
man depravity or in the calendar of ciime. The
vmlatorof private friendship is regarded asapei-
fidtous man, and justly stamped with the tnaik
of opprobrium, while he who strives to break up
the foundations of society, to overturn the es-
tablished institutions of his country, to ruptuio
every tie held dear by man, lias in ail ages been
regarded as an eilemy of his race, whose extir-
pation is demanded by every sentiment of human-
ity, by every instinct of self-preservation, and by
the inexorable logic of social existence. Morally,
the traitor in his mad career breaks every bond
of a well-regulated restraint and open^ upon com-
munity the floodgates of vice, dishonesty, fiaud,
violence, and injustice. lie diffuses a malaria
into the moral atmosplieie, and defies the laws of
(jjpd with the same ruthlessness with which he
Cfidcuvors to abrogate the laws of man. In his
presence virtue stands abashed, and vice in all its
ludewus deformity i ules the hours. His object
is to destroy the foundations of society,and with
th< so every vestige of whatever isofgood repoit.
Feeling' hix own abasement, his aim is to drag to
his level all who by the practice of honorable vn -
tues and upright'walk and conversation have in-
curred his envy and his malice. Politically, In;
is endeavoring to rend the ligaments of social ex-
istence which men have formed for their mutual
benefit and protection, to upturn the civil institu-
tions of the land oidnmed for the guardianship
and safety of life, of person, and of prop< rty, and
to destroy that Government which has preserved
him, his pioperty, and his family,and extended
its blessings to all within the folds of its jurisdic-
tion. He is seeking to destroy the avenues of
trade and commerce, to obstruct the due admin-
istration of justice, to close the shop of the arti-
san and stop the farmer in the cultivation of the
soil, to light the torch of civil war and rebellion,
to array brother against brother in bloody hos-
tility, and fill the land with widows,with orphans,
with bankruptcy, with poverty, and universal
desolation and destruction.
Men so base and so wickcd have, in all ages
and jn ail countries, been held and treated ns pub-
lic enemies, and the highest punishment inflicted
upon them. 'The law of self-defense, applicable
as well to nations as to individuals, requires that
the offender who thus strikes at the existence of
the nation should be removed from society by the
infliction of the death penalty, orsubjccted to such
other punishments by way ofexampleas may be
necessary to vindicate national dignity and deter
others from the commission of the same ofiense.
" The traitor shall die" is plainly written^ upon
the statute-book of every civilized or semi-civil-
ized nation of modern or ancient times; and the
question of proper punishment to traitors now
forces itself upon the American legislator in view
of that terrible lebellion which is at this time
convulsing our land and filling it with blood.
In the proper discharge of this duty it becomes
us to look into the judicial history of that coun-
try whence we have drawn our system of laws;
to examine the law of treason; to observe its
changes and the reason thereof; to examine the
philosophy of punishments denounced from time
to time against the traitor; and deduce therefrom
the law of treason in our own dountry, and the-
power to punish conferred upon Congress by the
Constitution.
The law of treason in England was first defi-
nitely enacted and authoritatively settled by act
of Parliament in the reign of King Edward III,
commonly known as the statute of 25 Edward
III. The immediate origin of this statute was in
the fact that prior thereto
"The kinp'sjustiees in different counties adjndired men
indicted before them to be traitois lor divers matter^ not
Known by the Commons to be reasonable."—Hallum, 3,
p. 204.
By this statute the subject was for the.first time
informed of the acts which should thereafter con-
stitute the crime of treason, and he was no longer
at the mercy of imbecile or eoirupt judges, \Wio
could by arbitrary construction decide each case
of alleged treason by the particular circumstances
attending it; for it has been well said that
4' No people can enjoy a freeoonMuntion unless an ade-
quate seem ny i * iinniihed b> then laws against thedi.*>cie-
tlOll of llu'jl judge*:."
The punishment of traitors at common law,so
far as lelatod to the person, we are informed by
Blaekstone, w.v—
1. That the offender be diawn to the gallows,
and not ho earned or walk.
That he Jje hanged by the neck and then cut
down alive.
3. That his entrails be taken out and burned
while he is yet alive.
'1. That his head be cut off.
5. That hi?> body be divided into four parts.
G. That hi.s head and quarters beat the king's
disposal.
This punishment to us seems like a refinement
of ciuehy to the culprit, but serves to show the
detestation with which the crime was viewed in
that early age of the British constitution by those
who felt and appreciated good oidei in society,
and were determined to punish those who sought
its destiuction.
Hut the common law did not stop herein its
punishment. The conviction of the traitor was
followed by attainder.
Attainder was the immediate and inseparable
consequence ofa sentence of death. Being pro-
nounced a monster and a bane to human society,
he became attaint, u stained, " or u blackened.''
lie lost his civil rights, had no credit, or reputa-
tion,could not be a witness, was, m fact, regai ded
as aheady dead m law.
The legal consequences of attainder, the inci-
dents attached thereto and inseparable therefrom,
weie corruption of blood (vaiI forfeiture of estate.
A peisou attainted could notinhenl lands from
his ancestor, nor tiansmit them to his posterity,
and hence, as in the failure of issue to take the
inheritance, it revolted or escheated to the lord
of the fee. This doctrine was in deference to the
behests (if 1 may use the expression) of the feudal
system. By that grand military system, so long
and so extensively prevalent m England and on
the Continent, the land was claimed in fee by the
superior lord, and by him granted to favorites on
the condition piincipally of rendeimg military
servicc and piomising fealty, faith, loyalty to the
lord from whom the fief was holden. As a nat-
ural and necessary consequence, when the tenant
became unfaithful, or rebelled against, the lord,
and thus was found guilty of treoson, the tenure
by which he held las possession was violated,
the condition wus broken, and the kind escheated
to the loid, to be again granted to some one who
should be a moie faithful and obedient follower.
In process of time, however, as feudal tenures
passed away, giving place to more hbeialand en-
lightened notions ot government, and assuring to
the people at large a recognition of their manhood
and of their rights, the doctrine of the corruption
of blood upon attaint becamc modified, and in the
icignsof Elizabeth and William III the Parlia-
ment enacted statutes limiting and confining it to
the higher grades ofcrime. And atalater peiiod,
scveial years after the adoption of our own Con-
stitution, by the statute of 54 George 111, cor-
ruption of blood was abolished in all cases except
murder and high treason.
Forfeiture of estate was the other incident fol-
io wing the judgment of attainder, and this incident
of attainder still continues to be the law m Eng-
land. It is founded, we are tolft by Blackstone,
" Upon the consideiation that ho. who hath violated
the liuniainental pilnciplos of government and bioken Ins
part of the original coniiactbotween king and people, hath
abandoned Ins'conncetion* with society, nnd hath no longer
anv iisrht to those advantage^ winch before belonged to Innt
puiely as a meiubci of the conimunit}*; among wluehsocwJ
advantages the ught of irnn?terun? and transmitting prop-
el ty to otheis is one of the chief.1'
The reason upon which this doctrine of forfeit-
ure is founded is one which produces conviction
to every mind. Men enter into a state of society
for mutual benefit and protection. The right to
own,transfer, and transmit property is not a natural
but a social right. It is conferred upon the indi-
vidual by the rules and regulations of society,
made and altered from time to time as exigency
may require. In a state of nature I can use the
horse so long as he remains in my actual posses-
sion, and I can only retain such possession by the
arm of force against the intruder who desires to
wrest him from me. In a state of society my light
to the horse is recognized and enforced by the laws
of the land, and my right to use, possess, transfer,
or transmit him is guarantied by the same laws,
which will come to my relief whenever my right
is invaded or threatened by another. So with the
right to all pioperty. 1 do not mean the mere i ight
of temporary possession, but the absolute right as
against all tiie world. It is wholly created, reg-
ulated, and pieserved by the laws of society.
In return for the enjoyment and protection of
these rights, I owe cot respondingduties to society,
the highest of whieh is allegiance, fealty,loyalty.
Whom voi I beeomederehctin my duty as a mem-
ber of society, and especially when I ondeavorto
break its very bonds and upturn the foundations
on which it icsts, I violate my implied compact
as a member, and forfeit nil claim to the lights
which it has conferred upon and guarantied to me.
Not" only my life but every vestige of my prop-
erty is at the disposal of that government which
1 intended to destroy, and that governmentowes
it to itself, to the loyal members thereof, in pun-
ishment of my crime, to remove me by the death
penalty, and to take from me that property winch
was only nime because the government had so
decreed on condition of my loyalty.
This doctrine of forfcituie is not the creature of
the feudal system. It existed long prior tin icto,
and is traced by lawyers to the usages nnd cus-
toms of the Scandinavians. I doubt not it existed
and was exercised m the very earliest attempts of
man to establish systems of civil government,
because it is founded upon principles of reason
and of natural justice. U was recognized and
cniorced in the very infancy of English juris-
prudence, and although it has in the mutations of
time and the advancing progress of the science of
law undergone many changes and modifications,
yet the principle icmains to-day an essential part
and cl'-ment of criminal jurisprudence in every
enlightened and civilized nation.
In England, at the* time of the adoption of our
Constitution, ical estate was forfeited upon at-
tainder while peisonal estate was forfeited by
conviction. The forfeilutc of lands had relation
back to the time the act causing the fortWture was
committed, and the offender could not alienate or
incumber the same to the piejudice of the king,
while m reference to personal property the of-
fender could, at any time prior to conviction, sell
or otheiwise dispose of the same.
Bills of attainder are likewise known to British
history. They aie such special acts of the legis-
lature as infltct capital punishment upon persons
supposed to be guilty of high offenses, such as
treason and felony, without any conviction m the
ordinaly course of judicial proceedings. (3 Story
on Constitution, p. SOD.) 'And the most eminent
