Blb6
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 22,
deal of force in the suggestion of the gentleman
m>m Pennsylvania, [Mr. Broomall.] Still I
hardly conceive that it can be necessary to assert
affirmatively that these securities shall not be sub-
ject to State or municipal taxation. The provis-
ion of the act of 1862 making such exemption is
only applicable to the securities issued under that
"act. It does not seem to me desirable as a ques-
tion of policy that we shall put on the statute-
book a provision that these bonds shall be sub-
ject to State and municipal taxation. To avoid
the possibility of any mistake there might he a
clause inserted providmgthatthe bonds and other
securities to be issued under this act shall be sub-
ject to State taxation. But I will hold on to my
first motion to amend by striking out the last sen-
tence of the first section.
Mr. STEVENS called for tellers on Mr. Hol- |
man's amendment. '
Tellers were ordered-, and Messrs. Stevens j
and Holmaw were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 61, noes 44.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I now move to insert at the
end of the first section these words, 44 and that the
bonds and other obligations issued under tins act
shall be subject to State and municipal taxation."
Mr. NOBLE. I move to amend the amend-
ment by substituting the following:
And all bond0, TuM^ury note*, and other obligation* ot
the (Jailed j-lull bo subject to St.He and municipal
taxation, on eqti.il trims, this '-aim; as otliei propel ty.
Mr. STEVENS I suppose the object is to
prevent the sale of bonds so as to prevent the fur-
ther indebtedness of the Untied States. The vote
already taken has been sufficient, 1 think, to en-
tirely prevent the sale of any one of these bonds,
f do not believe that if we adopt that provision,
and it comes to be known, by implication even,
that Suites may tax these bonds, one dollar will
eyer be invested in them.
The policy of the Government has heretofore
been not to allow State taxation of the hond.s of
the General Government for two reasons: in the
first place, that they would meet with a readier
sale if not subject to State taxation; and in the
second place, that the Government might, m a
case ofextiaordimiry necessity like the present,
monopolize the entire revenue to be derived from
this (Ji so iption of taxation.
But K sei;tn.i that now the gentleman ftom In-
diami propones dneetly to <;rant permission to
nil the Stales to fax the honds of the Government.
Sir, no man of any wisdom as a capitalist will
ever invest a dollar in bonds of that kind. Why,
sir, it would subject the governmental bonds to
every whim and every change of politics in every
State. Ifa particular Ad to insi rut ion of the Govern-
ment was unpopular with the authoi Hies of a par-
ticular Slate, and they deMted to place themselves
in an attitude of hostility to the Government, .ill
they would have to do would he to tax the bonds of
tile Government out of existence; to tax them to
such an extent as would be impossible for the
Govern meat to stand. Thai is the altitude in which
honorable gentlemen have placed tin-country by
the vote which has just been taken.
Of comse evei y gentleman has the i ight to vote
as he pleases, but it ought to be known that the
effect of it is to plaee the Govei ninent at the moicy
of the whim.'-, capi ice, and malignity of any polit-
ical patty happening for the time b< log to be in
control of a State government.
No w, sir, if when wo enme intothe House (he
amendment which ha.s just passed thus committee
should be adopted, I hope my fi lend from Massa-
chusetts, who has chat go o! this bill, will be wise
enough to withdraw it, and noUttempt to put upon
the maj ket bonds winch no prudent man will ever
buy.
Alt. IIOTCHKISS, I regret asmuch asnuy
memhi r of this House can to differ with the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania who Inst addrented the
committee, hut 1 must he permitted to tematk
that dunrei; the piesent session we have heard
this same argument a<\unst taxing th" holdetsof
bunk stock based upon Government securiu
it w •
s pi e
d:- ted then f S.m the w hole sch< me won Id
be a faiime, that no wise capitalist would invest ,
his money in such stock if it wan to be suhjiottn j
State taxation, and to the mai'g.iity of any patty !
that might come into power. Sir, I for one have j
jjg fear of the malignity of parties. Parties are 1
always in the hands of the people, and they will
be very apt to so shape their legislation as to suit
the peoph; and keep m power unless they are
very unwise, and a very unwise party will not
remain in power long enough to inflict any per-
manent injury upon the country.
i only wish to say that in spite of all these pre-
dictions of failure, we ingrafted this principle
upon the bank bill, and the law to-day is popular,
so popular that all the banks will organize under
it. It will be a popular system, because it com-
mends itself to the sympathies of the people. It
appeals to their sense of justice. It may be an
unfortunate time now to adopt any such proposi-
tion , but I think no?.
M r. STEVENS. Do I understand the gentle-
man to say that by the bank law the bonds* of the
United Elates are taxable by States5
Mr, HOTCHKISS. In effect they arc.
Mr. STEVENS On the contrary they are
expressly excepted.
Mr. IIOTCHKISS. By the bank law the full
value of shares in these banks is taxable, and
that potiion of the full value of these shares which
is based upon Government securities is taxable
the same as that based on any other secuiiiies.
The whole country, and I believe every branch
of the Government, acquiesced in it.
Mr. HOLMAN. I propose by the amendment
I have submitted that the bonds and secuiities
iuithonzed to be issued under this act shall be
8uhji et to State and municipal taxation. The
a mend men t of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.No-
blk] proposes that all the botids and securities
issued under th'sar'J former acts shall be subject
to State and municipal taxation. That is the
difference between them.
Mr. KERNAN. I would suggest the follow-
ing as a substitute for both the pending amend-
ments:
And th.it the owners of i\li bunds and obligation* issued
unilei and In vnuic of this act >hall bo iuliie to Slate and
tniiiiieip.il taxation npe.i tie' value tlteieot to the s-ame ex-
tent that they aic liable to State taxation on any other se-
ctniue-5 or Mimlui port-oiia! estate owned by them.
Mr. NOI>LK. My amendment is m the exact
woi ds of f he act.
Mr. WASllBUllNE, of Illinois I ask the
gentleman to yield to mc that I may move that the
committi e rise m order to dispense with the even-
ing session.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 yield for that purpose.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved that
the commit tee i lse.
The committee divided; and there were—ayes
42, noes 4a.
Mi. FICNTOX demanded tellers.
Tel lets were oidcred ; and Messrs. Wa%hburne,
ol Illinois, and LIolman, weie appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
repoited—ayes 60, noes 28.
So the motion was ngiecd to.
So the committee tose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Boutwf.ll reported that
th" Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, accoiding to older, had the Union
generally under consideration, and particulaily
House bill No. 540, to provide ways and means
tot the support of the Government, and for other
pui poses, and had come to no n solution thereon.
DISIMSNSIVJ "WITH T1IK EVENING SESSION.
Mi. WA^IHiURNE, of Illinois. I move that
the evening session for this evening be dispensed
w 1111.
The House divided; and thcie were—ayes 60,
noes "Co.
AIi. WiLSON demanded the yeas and nays.
The yea-: and nays were ordeied.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the eili mati\e—yeas 71, nays 64, not voting 47;
as follows:
YC\S—M<-~n William J, Allen, Anemia, Ashley,
John IJ. Baldu ur, lktxter, Blisa, Dovd, James S. Brown,
Chanier, Kieeman Ckuke. Cox, Ciavens, I)awe>, Dawson,
Demon:, Denton, Dontielh. Eden, Ehiml^e, Eliot, Eng-
ii-.ii, I enton, I'iG'rfit'iil, (looch, Giidei, ll.udnig,
il.o:itii:fi'n. Hcuic k. Hi.loan, Hooper, liotehki^, Inger-
s-oll. I'tulip John-.on, William Johnson. Julian, Kaibtlei^ch,
Oi i.iiKiu iveiloiri;, knaiip, .Ma Hoi \, M .11 cy, Muivm, Mot nil,
M-'Ut-oiu Vel-ou, Notion. Ouili, Osth, Pcnulfton, Pei-
ham, l>e,i\. iY;-. J'fuvn, Ra.iioid, Samuel J. Randall,
Alexander li. Ukv, Kd'vaid II. Kollin-,, J.imi'-j £?, Rollins,
•Sen Held, ^milieu, Mihsj, Stuart, Thajer,
T:nuiia--,Ti icy. Wadswoi th, Enim lj. Washbut ne,
\\'ei)>tei, and Wmticid—"<\.
N A V?—SWe^r*. Alley, Allison. Aim1*, \ui ut.tus 1?. Bald-
win, Clair, Blow, .Bootwoll, Brooks, Brootnall, Ambrose
W Clark, Cobb, Cole, Crcswcll, Thomas T. Davis, Dixon,
Dri^s,EeUlev, Edt;erfon,Finck, Gans-on, Hale. Benjamin
G Harris. Ilighv, A«uhel W. Hubbard. John £1. Hubbard,
Hnlburd, Ketlov" Francis W. Kellogg, K-ein.tn. Knox, La-
ze.it, Loan, Long, Longyear, McAllKter. MeB-i(i«\ > c-
Olurr, McDowell, AJeKinney, Samuel K Miller, .uoor-
liead' DmtielMorris, James R. Morns. Amos Mvern, Leon-
aid Mvers, Noble, Charles O'Neill, Pomero>, Fnec, Johu
11. Rice, Scott. Shannon, Sloan, John tt. Steele, \> lijtam (j.
Steele Stevens, Sweat, vViiiiam R. WaMibma, vv heeler,
Jo>epb' W. White, Williams, Wilder, "Wilson, and Win-
doin—64. , .,
NOT VOTING—Messia. James C. Allen, Anderson, Ai-
nold, Bally, Beaman, Blame, Rrande«ce, Will.am U.
Brown, Clay. Cotfrotb, Henry Wmiei Davis, Dnmont,
Fain-«worth, Giunndl, (jriswold, Hall, Chailes M. Hams,
Hutcinnri, Jenckes, Kassson, Kins, Law. Le! l«nd, L'ttle-
joim, Mclndoe, Middleton, William ii. Miller, John
O'Neill, Pattei^on, William II. Randall, Uobinsou,
Ilo-s, Sehenek, Smith, Spalding, Starr, Stebbins, V.ui
Vciikenburgh, Voorhees, Ward, Wimiey, Clnlton A. White,
Benjiimin Wood, Fernando Wood, Woodbiklge, and Wa-
niau—47.
So tbe motion was agreed to.
WASHINGTON AND GEORGETOWN RAILROAD.
Mr. STEELE, of New York, moved that the
House disagree to the amendment of the Senate
to House bill No. 495, to amend the charier of
the Washington and Georgetown Railroad Com-
pany, and ask for a committee of conference on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses.
The motion was agreed to; and the Speaker
appointed Messrs. Steele of New York, Price,
and WjlSHbuhne of Illinois, as the conferees on
the part of the House.
ENROLLED BILLS. '
Mr. COBB, from Jhe Committee on Enrolled t
Bills, repot ted that they had examined nnd lomid
truly enrolled bills of the following titles; when
the Speaker signed the same;
An act (H.R.No. 434) to authorize the bmhfTof
the orphans' court m the county of Washington
and District of Columbia to serve processes issued
by said court, and for other purposes; and
An uct(H.R. No.240) making appropriations
for the current and contingent expenses of the In-
dian department and for fulfilling treaty stipula-
tions with various Indian tribes for the year end-
ing June 30, 1865, and for other purposes.'
Mr. ORTH moved that the House adjumn.
The motion was disagreed to.
LOAN BILL—AGA-IN.
Mr. HOOPER moved that all general debate in
the Committee of the Whole on the state of tiio
Union on the Joan bill be closed in five minutes
alter its consideration shall be resumed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER moved that the rules be sus-
pended and the House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union,(Mr. Boutwell m the chair,) and resumed
the consideration of the loan bill, on which Mr.
IIolman was entitled to the floor.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to state some points
of difference between the pending propositions.
My friend from Ohio [Mr. Noble] proposes to
tax all securities of the United States issued un-
der this or any former law. I do not think that
will hold good. While I would be very glad to
concur in the views of the gentleman fiom Ohio,
i do not believe the national faith should be im-
paired in the slightest degree. Further, if the law
exempting these bonds from taxation is not con-
stitutional, ns my friend contends, as a matter of
course we get rid of that embarrassment through
the courts of justice; if it is constitutional we are
strikmga terrible biow at the credit and good faith
of the country. That ought to be pieserved and
retained, whatever errors we ourselves may have
committed.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. I simply wish
to say that i entirely dissent from the doctrine
that a party who has notvotcd for a past contiact
or a past obligation entered into by the Govern-
ment not bound by that contract. I believe it
j is due to the country that every contract we have
I entered into should be kept in good faith; but I
i believe, also, that the provision by which these
bonds are exempted from taxation is almost fatal
to the country, and that now we should depart
from our past policy in that respect.
I wish,in additioif, to suggest that if it becomes
