2210
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 10,
for about one month, as this session is near its
close. You can afford to be*fair now without any
loss.
The gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Davis]
took tiie right view of this matter. It was that
interference in on election vitiates it. I had the
same idea myself, and I made out my tables upon
that principle, excluding the counties where there
was interference and counting only the counties
where there was a fair election, and I beat the sit-
ting member over 1,000 votes. The principle is
a correct one, and 1 am surprised that a gentle-
man who has as high a reputation as the gentle-
man from Maryland, who voted for putting out
Barrett and putting in Blair, should yet vote to
retain the sitting member in his seat.
Look at the testimony. Colonel Branch was
the Republican candidate, and was lecognized as
the emancipation candidate. Neither the sitting
member nor myself avowed ourselves as in favor
of it. In the counties where there was no inter-
ference Branch's majority over the sitting mem-
ber was 477. Branch received over 2,600 votes in
the race, 2,500 of them m the undisturbed coun-
ties, and only about lOOin thecounties where the
military interfered. Allusion has been made to
Governor Kail as having voted for the sitting
member. lie was a leading and a shining light
of the Democratic party. The gentleman [Mr,
Loan] knew his power and influence; and two
weeks before the election he wrote to Governor
Hall, saying to him that the abolitionists were
troubling him more than the secessionists. The
contents of that letter was doubtless circulated
throughoutthe wholedistrict,and it had theeffect,
as the sitting member intended, to cause General
Hall and others to vote for him, when I thought
previously that lie would vote for me. This letter
had an influence on him, as lie was opposed both
to secessionists and abolitionists.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LOAN. Mr. Speaker, to-day I speak for
and on behalf of the loyal men of northwest
Missouri and not for myself. It is their cause
and not mine that 1 plead. It is their conduct
that is impeached, and it is my duty to defend
them against the wrongs alleged against them.
The propriety of my conduct has not been ques-
tioned ; malice itself has not even dai ed to breathe
a suspicion against it; and in this I de«m myself
most fortunate, as it the better enables me to vin-
dicate my friends from the gross outrages which
have been so wantonly inflicted upon them. The
very able, eloquent, and exhaustive arguments
that have been made in this case have rendered
unnecessary much that I otherwise would have
said. But for the purpose of effecting the objects
i have in view I deem it necessary that a brief
reference should be made to the merits of tins
comoj and I respectfully ask the attention of the
House while 1 allude to them. Propeily speak-
ing this is not a contested-election case. But it is
a public prosecution instituted by a self-appointed
agent for purposes of his own. lie has no au-
thority from the public to prosecute on their he-
half, and he has no rights of Ins own to vindicate.
And while the precedents authorize such a pros-
ecution, yet the House has never disfranchised a
distnef,as is sought to be done in this case, ex-
cept where it wan necessary to be done to pio
serve the freedom and purity of the ballot-box,
and then only upon evidence the most definite,
clear, and conclusive.
The rule of action in such cases has become
fixed and is well defined. It is necessary in a
case like the present for the piosecutor to show
such a disturbance at the polls as to prevent the
majority from voting on the day of the election.
Anything shoitof this is insufficient; otherwise
the majority would ever be at the mercy of the
minority. And such disturbance must actually
exist at the polls on the day of the election; the
anticipation of trouble, disturbance, or difficulty
is insufficient. It is the duty of voters to attend
there on the day of the election, and if they fail to
discharge tins duty it is no cause of complaint that
their votes are not recorded. No one can say that
they would not have been permitted to vote had
they olferrd to do so; should a different rule pie-
vail the minority at any time could prevent an
election by inducing a few fist-fights at dome of the
precincts, or by putting m circulation a few days
in advance of the lime fixed for an election a ru-
mor that there would be a disturbance at the polls.
I have said that the contestant appears before
this House in the character of a volunteer prose-
cutor for the public good. There is no pretense
that he is entitled to a seat on this floor. He
comes to vindicate the rights, as he says, of a
majority of the loyal people of the seventh con-
gressional district in Missouri. Prima facie the
case is against him. The officers whose duty it
was to conduct the election and ascertain the re-
sult were satisfied with the fairness of the elec-
tion, and have, under the broad seal of the State,
sent a member here to represent that district in
this Congress; and unless the contestant by his
allegations and proofs can overturn this case, he
must fail in his prosecution. By the law he was
required in his notice of contest to state specific-
ally the matters of which he complained. This
he failed to do, and could not have done because
no facts existed which vitiated the election, and
hence it was impossible to specify them. An at-
tempt to have done so would have only exposed
the weakness of his case, and it was supposed
that his entire disregard of the provisions of the
statute would have been considered by the com-
mittee as equally fatal. Hence, to the general
averments of unfairness in the election contained
in the notice of contest is objected only the like
general denials in the answer. Without any def-
inite issues being made in the notice of contest
and the answer, there is no limit to the range of
cvidencc, and as the contestant continued taking
his depositions until last November, it was utterly
impossible to anticipate or rebut his testimony.
No specific issues have been made, and the only
case that is now before the House for considera-
tion is the one supposed to be founded on the evi-
dence. The committee being unable to find any
case stated in the notice, have considered it proper
for them to look into the testimony as printed to
see if they could find one there, and after looking
through tliat heterogeneous mass of incongruities,
the majority of the committee cannot say that by
the evidence it is affirmatively made manifest to
their minds that the election was a fair one, there-
fore they report against it. In their report they
say:
'•'ft is impossible to determine, either the precise ex-
tent of the interference complained of or to ascertain def-
initely the number of legal voters who were prevented
from voting by the violence and threats of the armed mi-
litia and other*."
The burden of proof is on the contestant to
show these facts, and his failure to do so destroys
his case; but the majority of the committee pre-
sume, in the absence of evidence showing the
contiary, that the interference was such as to in-
validate the election. The conclusion does not
seem to be a very logical one. But it is denied
that this statement of the majority of the com-
mittee is true in fact. It was not only possible
s but very easy to have ascertained every voter in
the county, and learned from him whether he had
been prevented from voting. The contestant had
the whole year in which to procure this evidence,
[lis depositions taken last November are on file
without exception. He had ample time and op-
portunity to ascertain the names of all the voters
m Buchanan county, and no one can doubt his
industry. The truth is he has them all in the rec-
oid, and they aie less than twenty m number.
Before pursuing fui tlier the course of the ma-
jority of the committee in their scan h for facts
which might invalidate the election in the seventh
congressional distnet in Missouri, it is proper,
for the purpose of ascertaining the relative value
of the facts, to consider them in relation to the
condition of the country. For more than eigh-
teen months prior to the election civil war had
raged among the people there with unusual vio-
lence. At the beginning the people were nearly
equally divided; communities and even families
wore separated by the most lelentless hatred.
Piior thereto and up to the time of the election
large numbeisof the citizens had joined the rebel
armies and were beyond the limits of the State,
and other large numbers had entered the volunteer
service oft he Federal Govei nmcnt. In the summer
of 1S62 the disloyal citizens remaining within the
State organized m guefiilla bands in such force
as to threaten the destruction of the provisional
government, in consequence of which all the loyal
militia of the State were organized for the defense
of the State. Some seventy-five or eighty legi*
ments were organized, clothed, and equipped.
As the guerrillas were suppressed these men were
relieved from active service, until at the time of
the election, in November, 18G2, some entire regi-
ments were relieved, as in St. Louis and else-
where. In other localities a battalion was retained
in service,and in others only acompany. Those
who were not retained in active service were per-
mitted to return to their usual avocations; and as
all business in the country had been broken up
and destroyed by the war, and in consequence
material for clothing and means with which to
purchase it were difficult to be obtained, the mi-
litiamen found themselves under the necessity of
wearing their military clothing when attending to
their ordinary labor and business. Hence the wit-
nesses speak of the militia being seen around the
polls, when it was only the voters who were there
as citizens, but who wore as usual their military
clothing, because they had no other. They were
not there in the character of soldiers, but as citi-
zens. They were not in the military service, nor
were they under the control of any officers.
By Order No. 24 the disloyal portion of the
population were prohibited from entering the mil-
itary service of the State. All citizens were
allowed to declare their own status; those who
declared themselves loyal were organized as the
militia.of the State, and those who declared their
sympathies to be with the rebellion were enrolled
under Order No. 24 as disloyal, and on condition
that they surrendered their arms they were per-
mitted to remain quietly at home, so long as they
behaved themselves, as will appear by the follow-
ing extracts from said order:
"Genoial Order "No. 23, from these headquarters, dated
July 28, 18152, is hereby levoked.
"Alt tlie loyal men of Missouri subject to military duty
will be organized into companies, regiments, and brigades,
as ordered in General Orders No. 10, from these headquar-
ters, dated July 22, 1862.
"All disloyal aic.ii, and those who have at any time sym-
pathized with the u'lK'Uion, are required to report at the
nearest military po^t, or othei enrolling station, be enrolled,
suriender their arms, and return to their homes or ordinary
places of busmen, where they will be pcimittcd to remain
to long as they shal' continue quietly attending to their or-
dinary and legitimate business, and in no way give aid or
eoinlcit to the enemy. Disloyal persons or s-ympathi/ers
with the rebellion will not tie organized into companion,
nor required nor peinntted to do duty in the Missouri
militia."
The evidence shows (see Abell'sevidence, Mis-
cellaneous Document, page 44) that this list in
St. Joseph contained some nine hundred names.
Gentlemen who voluntarily enrolled themselves
as being disloyal in their sentiments, to escape
entering the military service for the defense of the
State, are certainly not the proper persons to ask
this House to disfranchise the district in which
they reside, because it does not appear that they
were counted on the poll-books. To their ciedit
be it said that much the largest, and certainly the
most respectable, part of them never offered to
vote, not being willing perhaps to take the oath
prescribed in the convention oidmance, and no
doubt deeming its terms inconsistent with their
then recent declarations of sympathy with the
rebellion. Butafewof the more abandoned ones,
men who are sunk so low in treason and infamy
that all sense of common decency and propriety
is lost, attempted to vote, and to share in direct-
ing the policy of a Statc.that they were unwilling
to defend. Such men as Abell, the brother-m-'
law of the notorious guerrilla, bandit, and thief,
Jefif. Thompson; Dr. Lamme, who called for and
gave thiee groans for the United States soldiers
who raised the flag over the post office in St. Jo-
seph in 18G1 ; and Orton Loomis, who raised and
flew a rebel flag on his premises during the sum-
mer of 1861, and who was arrested and confined
by military authority for his treason, were of the
number; and two of these three voted at the elec-
tion in 1862. That loyal men should feel out-
raged at such a desecration of the elective fran-
chise is but natural, and some disturbance at the
polls was the consequence of such outiages; but
that it was of such a character as to invalidate
the election I deny.
The disturbance at the polls of which the most
serious complaint is made was in the city of St.
Joseph. A reference to the facts, as shown by
| the evidence, will show that nothing was done
there which prevented a full vote. There were
six precincts m the town, at winch any voter
could have polled his'Vote. At three of them the
election proceeded quietly during the day with-
out any disturbance whatever. At another one,
