188
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13,
personal estate. Both writs are in process of ex-
ecution at the same time. With the one the officer
makes a levy on the real and persona! estate and
gives notice of the day of sale; by virtue of the
other he purchases a rope and erccts a scaffold.
The defendant is to- be hung in thirty days after
sentence, hut the sale cannot be had withoutgiving,
say forty days' notice of the time and place. The
traitor is hung,lif<* becomes extinct, the attending
physician pronounces him dead; and the opposite
construction of the Constitution' pronounces the
writ of fieri facias also defunct and the forfeiture
a nullity, For, they say, you can only forfeit,
take, alienate the estate for the period of his life,
and if you'proceed to "sell property by virtue of
the fieri facias, you sell, alienate, convey the fee
simple thereof, and to do this would be, in the op-
posite view, a violation of the Constitution.
Absurd and ridiculous as such a conclusion is,
it is the legitimate result of a contrary construc-
tion of this section of the Constitution.
What, then, is the fair import of these words,
"except during the life of the person attaint-
ed To my mind they will admit of but a sin-
gle rational interpretation, and that is that there
shall be no forfeiture after the death of the person
attainted. In other words, the judgment of the
court shall be rendered against him while he is
alive, after he lias had a fair'trial, with opportu-
nity to confront his accusers, meet ihem facc to
face, and combat their accusations. That after
his death, whether according to the course of na-
ture or by process of law, no judgment or sen-
tence shall be had the effect of which shall be to
forfeit his estate, unless that judgment shall be
final and irrevocable prior to his death. If I were
disposed to indulge in mere verbal criticism I
might animadvert "upon the word " except" used
in that section. The science of philology is pro-
gressive, and the same words, m different ages
and times, may be used to mean dissimilar things,
or designate dissimilar objects. Change is a law
of nature irrevocably stamped upon everything,
animate or inanimate, and pertains to every de-
partment of hunmn knowledge. The Word "ex-
cept," we are told by lexicographers, is equiva-
lent to the word " unless," and a century ago, as
reference to the writers of that age will show,
was used almost exclusively in the same sense as
we now use the word tl unless." Numerous in-
stances of this are found in the Holy Jhblc, where
the word "except" is used in sentences in which
at the present day we should invariably use the
word 4< unless;" thus:
" Except the l^ord build the house, they labor in vain that
build it."
" Except the Lord of Hosts had left unto ua a very *mall
remnant we should have b^en as Sodom.51
" Can Uvo walk together, except they be agreed
"Except a man be born again, he cannot see the kingdom
oPGod."
tiEj>cept ye reprnt, ye shall all likewise perish "
In nil these instance*, and they could be multi-
plied almost ad infinitum from writings of that njjc,
both sacred and profane, the word "except," is
used in the sense in which we of the present day
would use the equivalent word "unless."
Now, then, let us, in further illustration of my
position, substitute the word "unless" for the
word "except"in the clause under consideration.
It will then read:
"But no attainder of treason fdmllwoik corruption of
blood or foifeituie, unless dunng the hie of the person
attainted.
Unless what or when ? The attainder shall not
work forfeiture unless it be worked, completed,
duting the lifetime. If the prisoner die after ver-
dict of guilty and before judgment, there can be
no fotfeiture. If the prisoner die after sentence
of death and be fore judgment of fotfeiture, there
can be no forfeiture. If the prisoner be executed
after sentence of death and before judgment of
forfeiture is entered, there can be no forfeituie.
The scntcnce of death and the judgment, of forfeit-
ure aro not necessaiiiy simultaneous acts. They
may be rendered separately, on separate days, if
you please, and the right is thus resurw^d to the
prisoner to move in ai rest of the judgment of for-
feiture even after .sentence, of death is passed upon
him; for the criminal law holds the rights of the
prisoner in such repaid that it will take no step
against him m any of the stages of tt ial, fi om ar-
re.st to final execution, without giving him an op-
portunity of homo heat d in his defense.
In fuithcr suppoilof my position, let tne advert
to the fact that in England, long prior to and at
the adoption of our Constitution, attainder of trea-
son after the death of thesupposed traitor (1 mean
his natural death before trial or even accusation)
was offrequentoccurrence. This was a monstrous
doctrine, shocking to every principle of justice
upon which the criminal code isfounded,to accuse
a man of crime after death, when none is to speak
for his innocence, to proceed to trial and judg-
ment, to wrest from innocent hands that property
which by law upon his death descended to and
vested in his heirs, and forfeit their property, not
his property, to the Government for his supposed
criminal conduct. Is it not more justand reason-
able to suppose that the Constitution intended to
embrace and provide against this monstrous per-
version of natural justice than that they intended
so absurd a proposition as that the forfeiture of
estate should only be for that brief period oftime
between sentence of death find its execution?
The Constitution, in conferring upon Congress
the " power to declare the punishment of treason,"
when the civilized world at that time punished
treason by death, certainly meant to confer upon
Congress the power to declare the death penalty
as part of the punishment. Congress exercised
this power at a very eaily period in our history
by declaring the-death penalty, and no man has
ever doubted the power of Congi ess in this respect.
Can it then be inferred that the Constitution had a
more tender regard for the property of a traitor
than for his life ? And yet such would be the re-
sult if a contrary doctrine prevailed.
So much for the legal view of the question, the
right of Congress to provide for the absolute for-
feiture of the traitor's property, as was done by
the act of Congress of July 17, 186^. That act
was'however restricted (in deference to the opinion
then entertained by many persons both in and out
of Congtcss) by an explanatory joint icsolution
passed on the same day.
The object of the bill now under consideration,
just reported from the Judiciary Committee, is to
" explain" said explanatory resolution, and leave
the law stand as it does by the act of last session.
I am in favor of doing this, but I prefer doing it
directly, as provided by the amendment I have
offered to the bill of the committee, by a simple
repeal of ihe explanatory resolution.
1 ask the attention of the House for a few mo-
ments to some observations as to the piopriety of
a law making fotfeiture absolute. We are told
that taking the property of the tiaitor and placing
its proceeds in the national Treasury, is n lobbery
of his innocent offspring, and a visiting of the sins
of the father upon his children. Even if this were
so, it would be buta just fulfillment of the scriptu-
jal denunciation against the wicked; for we aic
told that the sins of the father (and I am inclined
to think that this includes treason) are visited upon
the children even unto the thiid and fourth gen-
eration .
But I deny the proposition. You cannot take
from one that which ho hath not. You cannot
rob one who is not possessed of anything. • 1
propose to take from tne traitor his piopcrty be-
fore his death, and before it can dcscend to and
vest in his heirs. The child has no natural right
to the pi opei ty of the father. Even in society the
child cannot demand as a social right the posses-
sion of his father's estate. The father, during his
lifetime, can alienate Ins property by deed ofcon-
veyancc or by will to take effect at his death,
and he can by either process totally disinherit his
children, and grant hift estate to strangers, it is
only in a certain contingency that the child ob-
tains possession of the father's property, as where
he dies intestate, and this right of inheritance is
puiely a social right, depending upon express le-
gislation or immemorial usage ripened into the
validity and sanctity of express law. Society has
the right without crime to take to itself the prop-
erty of any of ils members upon his death, and
he nee we have what is denominated " collateral
inheritance tax," by which m many States the
sovereign on failure of dirert issue takes to him-
self a certain portion of the inheritance. The
right of a State to take from t he collateral heir im-
plies the equal right to take from the direct heir,
and if it ran take a part, it can, upon the same
principle, take the whole. If the State can do so
in the absence of crime, there is the greater rea-
son why it can do so for the punishment of crime,
and especially so wheie that ciime is one that
strikes at the very existence of social institutions
which atone have protected the individual in the
acquisition and enjoyment of that property.
While I should oppose the enactment of laws
which would inflict cruel, harsh, or unjust pun-
ishment upon offenders, yet we must not lose
sight of the object of penal statutes. Society
owes it to itself to inflict such punishment as i?
adequate to the enormity of the offense, and at the
same time serve as a wholesome terror to evil-
doers; and it is equally the duty of society to
enact, modify, or change their penal code as the
exigency of the occasion may demand.
We are in the midst of a terrible rebellion.
FronTthe sturdy blows of organized treason this
nation is to-day reeling and staggering like a
drunken man. The times demand of patriotism
the exercise of every virtue, of every duty, in
crushing this rebellion and punishing its guilty
authors. While the soldier has left his home and
the comforts and endearments of his hearthstone
to confront the armed traitor on the field of battle,
while he is enduring all the privations of a sol-
dier's life, undergoing the fatigues of a soldier's
duaes, to preserve the Constitution of the coun-
try and its liberties and its blessings, our duty in
these Halls is to strengthen the arm of that pa-
triotic soldier, to cheer, to succor, to aid and en-
courage him, and by the exercise of every con-
stitutional power assist in dethroning treason and
to mete out proper punishment to traitors.
BUSINESS ON SPEAKER'S TABLE.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
the House do now proceed to the business on the
Speaker's table.
The motion was agreed to.
DEFICIENCY APPROPRIATIONS.
The joint resolution (S. No. 15) amendatory of
the joint resolution to supply in part deficiencies
in the appropriations for the public printing, and to
supply deficiencies in the appropriation for boun-
ties to volunteers, was taken from the Speaker's
table.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the joint reso-
lution be refened to the Committee of W"ays and
Means.
The motion was agreed to.
PENNSYLVANIA WAR EXPENSES.
Mr. GANSON, by unanimous consent, offered
the following resolution; which was" read, con-
sidered, ami agreed to:
Whereas a hill entitled "A bill to reimburse the State of
Pennsylvania for expenses in calling out the imhtia of siid
State duiinc the rei.ent invasion" is now ponding before
thi* House, and there is nothing accompanying the said bill
showinc the character of the said expense*; and whereas
the said expenses have been audited by the Second Auditor:
Theretoie,
Resolved, That the Second Auditor be, and he is hereby,
icquucd to lepoit to this House what the charaetei of such
expanses !•-, whether the militia referred to in the '•aid lull
was called out by the Governor of Pennsylvania, whether
they were musteied into the seiviee of the United States,
and under authority of what law the said expenses weio
audited by him.
ARMY RETURNS.
Mv. ARNOLD asked unanimous consent to in-
troduce the following resolution:
Rciolvcrl, That the Secretary of War be directed to fur-
nish this House with a statement ot the number of men called
into the military service of the United States since March,
1861; thequota of each State undei each call; the numbei
furnished and also the number tendered under each call;
the length of time for which they were accepted; what State
or States furnished an excess over its quota; also what State
or States did not furnish its quota, and the number deficient.
The SPEAKER. This being a call for inform-
ation, the resolution will lie over, under the rules,
for one day, unless there he unanimous consent.
Mr. STEVENS. I must ask that the resolu-
tion do he over. 1 beg leave to suggest to the
gentleman from Illinois whether the information
called for is not of altogether too extensive a char-
acter.
Mr. ARNOLD. We want the information called
for in order to enable us to act on the enrollment
bill. 1 have no objection to the resolution lying
ovei for a day.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask that it be laid over.
The resolution was, under the rule, laid over.
PROVOST MARSHALS,
Mr. COFFROTII, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill toamend the act commonly known
as the conscription act, to compel the provost mar-
