1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
189
shals to hold then* examinations in cach county
town of the district; which was read a first and
second time.
Mr. COFPROTH. I move that the rules be
suspended, so that the bill may be put upon its
passage
The SPEAKER. The motion to suspend the
rules is only in order on Mondays,
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan. I move that
the bill be referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
MILITARY SERVICE.
Mr. A. MYEIlS,by unanimous consent, offered
the following resolution j which was read, consid-
ered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be re-
quested to inquire into and report upon tlie expediency of
amending the act enrolling and culling out the national
forces. See., as to make the term of service of dratted per-
son-. one year, and leaving the commutation clause as it i«,
but approbating the money arising thereiiom in part for
the pioeuration of s=ub.<utute<*, and 111 part to pay bounties
to diaf&d men, 01 to the families of such as enter the ser-
vice.
PENNSYLVANIA WAK EXPENSES—AGAIN.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
the rules be suspended, and that the House re-
solve itself into the Committee of the Whole 011
the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that,
in accordance with the Digest, the first business
in order iu Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union will be the unfinished business of
yesterday—the bill to reimburse the State of Penn-
sylvania—but it will lose its place as a special
order, it having been only made the special order
for one day.
Mr. COX. 1 hope the gentleman from Illinois
will withdraw his motion.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. For what
purpose ?
Mr. COX. If we go into committee will not
the Pennsylvania matter come lip?
The SPEAKER. It will come upas unfin-
ished business, but will not be a special order.
Mr. WASH BORNE, of Illinois. The gentle-
wan can make a speech 011 any subject he likes.
Mr. COX. If the gentleman from Illinois wants
to debate General Grantor anything of that kind,
I have 110 objection.
Mr. STEVENS. I should like to move to
postpone for some time to come the bill to reim-
burse the State of Pennsylvania.
The SPEAKER. The bill is not before the
House, and 110 motion can be made in reference
to it.
Mr.-STEVENS. I am aware of that, sir.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can ask
unanimous consent of the House.
Mi. STEVENS. Then 1 ask unanimous con-
sent of the House to have the further considera-
tion of that bill postponed for some time. The
discussion yestciday was not calculated to be of
any benefit to the country, and I do not desire it
to be resumed at present.
The SPEAKER. To what time docs the gen-
tleman propose to postpone it?
Mr. STRYENS. To Tuesday, January 26, at
two o'clock.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The inform-
ation called for by the resolution of the gentleman
from New York [Air. Uajjsojj] will be ready at
that time.
There boina: no objection, the further consider-
ation of the bill wah! postponed till next Wednes-
day, at two o'clock.
TREATY WITH TIIE KTCKAPOOS.
Mr. LOAN asked unanimous consent to ofler
the following resolution:
Resolved, That tin* r^cietary of the Depaitment of the
Intenoi be, find he h hereby, dueeied to uuiu^h to thiis
Ii'xwo a copy or the late tieaty made on bohalt o( the flni-
ted States by Major Keith, agent tor the Kickapoo Indians
with i aid Indians tor the ce^ion of their ie>ervation, or
any part thereof, in the noitheastem part of Kansas; mid j
also copies of all evidence filed in said Depaitment tend-
ing to -.how ftaud or ati\ unfairness in the niocui ement of,
ot in the execution of,\;nd tteatj, and copies of all other
document* and papeis lelating theieto now on file in said
Depai tment.
MESSAGE FROM T1!E SENATE.
A message was received fiom the Senate, by
Mr. Forney, its Secretary, notifying the House
that that body had passed a concurrent resolution
for the appointmentof a joint committee of three
members of the (Senate and four of the House to
inquire into the conduct and expenditures of the
present war, with power to send for persons and
papers, to sit (luting the sessions of either House,
and to employ a stenographer; in which he was
directed to ask the concurrcnce of the House.
TREATY WITH THE KICICAPOOS AGAIN,
Mr. WASH BURNE, of Illinois. Before voting
for the resolution introduced by the gentleman
from Missouri, [Mr. Loan,] I desire to have
some infoi mation m reference to the treaty referred
to. Unless the treaty has been sent to the Senate
and become public by ratification, it seems to me
to be improper to call on the Secretary of the In-
terior for this information.
Mr. LOAN. The treaty was ratified at the last
session of the Senate; but on evidence furnished
to the Secretary of the Interior, its operation has
been suspended. The whole matter is now held
in suspense.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the gen-
tleman will amend his resolution so as to pro-
vide that the information called for shall be fur-
nished if not incompatible with the public interest
1 will not object to its adoption.
Mr. LOAN. I agree to that modification of my
resolution.
The resolution, as amended, was adopted.
PACIFIC KAILUOAD.
Mr. LOAN. I ask unanimous consent to sub-
mit a resolution to instruct the committee on the
.Pacific railroad to report an amendment to the
thirteenth section of "An act for the construction
of a railroad and telegraph line from the Missouri
river to the Pacific ocean," &c.,approved July 1,
1865. . „
Mr. STEVENS. I will not object if the reso-
lution is so amended as to provide that the select
committee shall be requested to inquire into the
expediency of amending the law referred to.
Mr. LOAN. 1 accept the amendmentas a mod-
ification of my resolution.
The resolution, as amended, was adopted.
GENERAL M'CLELLAN'S REPORT.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. I am in-
structed by the Committee on Printing to report
the following resolution; and on its adoption I
demand the previous question:
Resolved, Th.it ten thousand copies of the official report
of Mnjoi (ieneial McCleJinn, not including the accompa-
nying documents be punted for the use of the members of
the present I!ous c.
Mr. WASHBURNE, ofllhnois. I would like
to ask a question of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, if he will withdraw the demand for the
previous question.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. I with-
draw the demand for the previous question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The House
refoiied to the Committee on Printing a resolu-
tion for the printing of ten thousand copies ofthe
reports of Major General Grant. Has the com-
mittee acted on that lesoiution?
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. They
have directed me to report it back with the rec-
ommendation that it do pass.
Mr, WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
gentleman again, what is the probable number of
pages of the reports of Major General McClellan;
and what the probable number of pages of the ic-
portsofMajoi General Giant? If those reports
aie not too jatge, I would iik * to have them pub-
lished in one volume. They may, I think, be
printed and bound together.
Mr. COX. I can answer that question. The
report of Major Geneia! MeClellrtit will make a
book about the size of General Pope's report,
which we ordered to be punted to the numberof
ten thousand copies at the last session of Con-
gress. It would not do to have McClellan and
Grant together.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If that be
the case, if the official leports of both those offi-
cers are npt too long, I think that they had better be
published in one volume. I therefore move ihat
ten thousand copies of the irpoits of Generals
Grant and M^CidJan bo punted in one volume
for the use of the members of this House. 1 move
thar as asnb.sntufe for thegemlemon's resolution.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. Mr.
Speaker, I understand that General McClellan'a
report will make about threp hundred pagfs, and
that the reports of General Grant will make a less
number of pages. The committee instructed me
to report the resolution as it is, or I would be in
favor of the amendment of the gentleman from
Illinois.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. I regret that the gentle-
man from Illinois has put General Grant in asso-
ciation with Ge'neral McClellan.
Mr. COX. That is an insinuation unworthy
of a member of this House. 1 wish to say to my
friend from Illinois that the report of General
McClelJan,as provided by the resolution pending,
will make a convenient book for distribution. It
is of the proper size. To put both together they
will make an unwieldy book.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the gen-
tleman from Ohio does not desire that the reports
of General Grant should be published in the same
volume witl^ftat of General McClellan, I will
not insist on it. If he prefers that the latter.shall
go by itself, I will withdraw my amendment.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. I demand
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be now put.
Mr. STEVENS. I think that five thousand
copies are enough.
Mr. COX. I think not.
Mr. STEVENS. The printing for this year
foots up $560,000.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. I cannot
agree to the suggestion of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, as the committee have instructed
me to leport the resolution as it stands.
Mr. COX. Ten thousand copies is the number
of General Pope's report which we voted for last
year. Wc intend to vote for the same numberof
the reports of General Grant. The people desire
this report. Members receive hundreds of letters
daily on the subject, and I think that we may as
well distribute it in this way.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. COX moved to reconsider the vote by which
the resolution was adopted; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MAJOR GENERAL GKANT'S REPORTS.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts, from the
Committee on Printing, reported the following
resolution; and pn its adoption demanded the pre-
vious question:
Resolved, That ten thousand copies of the various official
reports of Major General U. .S. Grant during the war be
priuted foi the Ube of the House.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the resolution was
adopted; and also moved that the motion to re-
consider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
COLLECTION OF ABANDONED PROPERTY, ETC.
Mr. CLAY, by unanimous consent,introduced
the following resolution; which was read, consid-
ered, and agieed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce he instructed
to inquire int<  the expediency of amending or repealing the
act entitled "An act to provide for the collection of aban-
doned pioperty and for the prevention of frauds in insur-
reetioimry disiiiets. within the United States.,'* approved
.March i*i, JsilJJ; and that said committee be further in-
stiueted to uiquitc into the pioprietyof eontlnumgoraboi-
Hlung the pre=cnt system of trade or commercial mter-
cotirM' with and in States declared m in^uncction, aihi
more particularly in tho^e States and districts? bordering
on and adjacent to the river, and said com-
mittee be authorized to repoit by bill or otherwise.
THE ONE IIUNDRJflD DOLLAR BOUNTY.
Mr. LONGYEAR, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced the following resolution; winch was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Whereas by the provisions of section five of an act en-
titled "An act to authorize the employment of volunteers
to aid in enforcing the laws and protecting public proper-
ty,'' approved July 22, ]Hil, every volunteer lion commis-
sioned officer, puvate, musician, and aitificer, when lion-
oiably dieehniqcd, is entitled to a bounty of $100, provided
lie shall have served for a period of two yeais or during
the wai ; and wiieieas by op"irUion of act oi CongierfS and
ordei-, ofthe War Department cou&ohdatingrogiinont* bo-
low the minimum strength a huge number of non-commis-
sioned offieeis weie honorably discharged, but withoutany
actor volition of their own. and before they had served
tiie mil penod of two yews, thus depriving them,
any tault on their part, of the said bounty ot §*00, the
