1864.
THE. CONGRESSIONAL* (xLOB$;
sorrows by,which we .are surrounded, wo are
liable to be transported by a just and patriotic in-
dignation beyond the limits of a lawful resentment.
And now it is to be feared that corrupt, men, dema-
gogues, unprincipled politicians, will be ready to
avail themselves of this patiiotic excitement, and
under the co\ cr and pretext of a holy zeal for the
public good, seek to accomplish their own ambi-
tious personal ends in defiance of the law, ft is
in times like this when written organic laws be-
come'valuable. Itwas to meet such contingencies
, especially that our Constitution was ordained.
In times of peace and harmony and prosperity,
when there is little occasion or temptation to do
wrong, but little restraint is required to prevent
the commission of wrong. When the sea is
smooth and the wind is fair the vessel glides
,safely on with little attention to compass or rud-
der; but when the tempest rises and the waves
roll h,igh, and especially when the crew mutinies,
then it reqipres a steady, true hand at the helm,
and the trumpet of the commander should utter
no uncertain sound. So I may say now, when the
great deep of the human passions is convulsed
and lashed into^ frenzy and tumult by the shocks
of battle, the nation's life depends upon a firm
and unfaltering adherence to the Constitution.
This is the great sheet-anchor ,of the national
safety. Nothing else can enable us to outride the
storm that is\>eating upon us. Detached from this
firm mooring our noble vessel of State, freighted
with the happiness of the people, and with the
final hopes of liberty, will be stranded on the
breakers of political anarchy and ruin, and thence-
forth forever its wrecked fragments, scattered
along the shores of time, shall be quoted and com-
' mended by tyrants and despots as the miserable
mementoes of the futility of the last great "effort
of humanity to vindicate the capacity of man for
self-government.
Now, therefore,has come the crisis when the
value of our national Constitution is to be tested,
and when the wisdom and foresight of its immortal
framers are to be exemplified and consecrated in
the successful application of its powers and adap-
tations to the overthrow of its enemies and to the
preservation of the publicliberty. Now, too, has
arrived the hour in the history of the country
when those who are intrusted with its destinies
should rise to the full stature of a wise and lofty
statesmanship. My humble abilities and limited
experience may forbid me from any worthy par-
ticipation either in its duties or its honors. But,
sir, I think I can properly conceive of what an
American Senator ought to be, and of what, when
I look aiound upon this august body, I feel as-
suied he will be, in this great national trial. He
will rise above the piejudicca and passions of the
hour. He will be incapable of the motives of
mere revenge or retaliation. No narrow sectional
influences will trammel his conduct. Fully in-
structed by the wisdom of the past, calmly meet-
ing the exigencies of the present, and profoundly
comprehending the behests of the future, he will |
march steadily forward to the accomplishment of i
the simple and only lawful purpose of the war 1
'iy ambition will warp ins p
pose. No thirst for blood will taint the pure as-
pirations of hit* patriotic heart. No eagerness to
inflict punishment beyond what is essential to en-
force obedience to lawful authority will prompt
his action or deform his policy. He will disre-
gard the idle clamors of the mere paitisan,and
scorn the angry menaces of the political zealot,
ltecogmzmg the force of the maxim that " lawis
reason without passion," he will be dispassionate
in the administration of the law.
And, sit, let it not be said that such a course
will fail to meet the exigencies of the country.
There will be, there can be, no other course so
successful. LettheGovernmentclotheitself with !
the awful sanctions of the Constitution, and es-
chew all other motives than the vindication and
lvestabJishment of its legitimate authority, and
thus proclaim its pure, unimpassioned purpose in
prosecuting the war, and the moral influence of
such an attitude will be more potential than "an
army with banneis." It will appall the guilty
conscience of the States*in rebellion; it will add
tenfold force to every blow struck by our armies;
it'will silence the clamors of northern factionists,
who are eagerly seeking for pretexts to embar-
rass the Administration; it will unite and consol-
idate.all the friends of theUnion; it will command
the homage and sympathy of foreign,nations; "it
will secure the blessing and favor of Heaven; and
.thus it will insure final victory. Animated by
such a sentiment and guided by such a principle,
the day is not distant when our great Republic,
purified by the fiery ordeal through which it shall
have passed, its integrity restored, its Constitu-
tion unimpaired, its authority everywhere rees-
tablished and acknowledged-j and with a history
which shall secure it against all future attempts
to overthrow it, will renew its onward march of
prosperity, power, and glory. Theny.sir, we may
catch the inspiring vision of one of your northern
poets, and sing:
"I see the living tide roll on;
It crowns with fiery towers
Tlie icy capes of Labrador,
The Spaniards 'land of flowers;'
ff stream* beyond tbe splintered ridge
That parts the northern showers;
From eastern rock to sunset wave
The continent ia ours."
Mr. President, I commenccd theseremarks by
saying that the question of African slavery could
no longert be evaded, and that it ought now, if
possible, to be finally adjusted. But how shall it-
be adjusted? In my opinion, the most effectual
method of accomplishing this result-is a-vigorous
prosecution of the war for the suppression of the
rebellion. I do not mean to say that the extinc-
tion of slavery should constitute the motive of the
war. No, sir. The purpose of the war is and
should be now what it was declared to be in tlie
beginning; and that now, as then, "Congress,
banishing all feeling of mere passion and resent-
ment, will recollect only its duty to the whole
country; that this war is not prosecuted on our
part in any spirit of oppression, nor far any
purpose of conquest or subjugation, nor for the
pmyose of overthrowing or interfering with the
rights or established institutions of the States in
rebellion, but to defend and maintain the suprem-
acy of the Constitution and all laws made in pur-
suance thereof, and to preserve the Union with
all thti'dignity, equality, and rights of'the several
States unimpaired; that as soon as these objects
are accomplished the war ought to cease."
. But while in the prosecution of the war for
thesejustifiahle ends no constitutional rightofany
individual or of any State should be renounced
or infringed, yet if by the necessary and lawful
exercise of-the authority and power vested in or
pertaining to those to whom the conduct of the
war properly belongs shivery shall ^destroyed,
and our beloved country be thus redeemed from
"the everlasting.curse of human bondage," it
will be just cause of joy and gratitude to every
patriot and Christian, and go far to indemnify our
country and the human race for the sacrifices of
treasure and blood made in the accomplishment
of a result so beneficent. One thing is certain;
the rapid and universal advance of our arms into
the insurgent States, to which all areagreed,and
for which all parties are urgent, must necessarily,
less or more, obliterate slavery whereverthey go.
In proportion as we succeed in redeeming the in-
surgent States from the thralldom of the rebellion,
almost 111 the same propoition will they be re-
leased from the thralldom of slavery. My own
State is an example. When the loyal sentiment
was left free to act, it abolished slavery. The
same result has been virtually accomplished by
the same means in Missouri. Arkansas'has
crossed the Rubicon; Louisiana is on the shore.
So is Tennessee. Even North Carolina indicates
her purpose to unite in the general emancipation
as soon as she is relieved from the yoke of the
rebellion.
Thepublicsentimentof the slaveholding States
which never passcd'any ordinance of secession is
beginning to demand the abolishment of slavery
in their limits. Maryland has already inaugu-
rated the good work. Delawaie, never more than
merely a nominal slaveholding State, must soon
follow her neighbor; and the tide of public sen-
timent in Kentucky, tending to the same result,
is rapidly advancing,destined soon to sweep away
the institution in that gallant and chivahous Com-
mon wealth'. Nothing can suppress the rebellion
but the power of our arms; and while the rebel-
lion lasts slavery will endure. Every great vic-
tory obtained in the field is of more practical value
than a thousand proclamations of emancipation,
put down the re^fflohXand ii} piOp^iHfeh
be put "down. Its pslhi'dal poWer is ev&o^nVw
forever annihilated.' And, sir, a-fevlr
P*ace slavery:in a conditioh'.wfef®jt
wm'be just and expedient to inaugurate'
wise and competent measure for' its extinfcfiMl'
What is that,measure? , { ; ~V. ',r r
The Committee oh the Judiciary feaV/e retired
a proposed amendment' of the Constitution pfo-
hibiting slavery. my^pteioLlg tfc&rtfe
Splution of the question.; It'is concltVsive, itis
final; and, moreover, it conforms to thc rcquni-
ments of the Constitution. It works o&t,thi>g£lat
result in the mode ppscribe^ hy the.'Co'j^titUMon.
It accomplishes its purpose directly ajid J^wfrijlj!,
and thus avoids all'those indiroct?paitial, Swd
questionable, if not unlawful expedients whi&i
have been proposed. I should h^verDf$fcr£ei]Va
national convention"; ami*I wou|d, pejhkpsV&Me
postponed the.jneasur'e until the nexCCforfgre^.
I will feVen now venture to suggest tor the Com-
mittee On the Judiciary and to the Senate sorhe
of the reasons why t- think it would be betted to
postpone the proposition until,th6'ned&"©ongr&ss.
I believe that mfcny of the insutgent States will
then be represented here by loyal .men. - I sap-
pose, too, that by that timcmanyof those States,
by the action of their own people, will have abol-
ished slavery, and their representativesiicre wiil
be the most earnestadvooates of the amendment
proposed. Will it not be so-.in Arkansas,* in
Tennessee, ip.Louisiana,, in North QgroHn?* and
perhaps other States?" . These 'Staies'represent-
ed in Congress,and vad vocatirig,'as I feel assured
they will, the proposed "amendm<?rft *>^Jth^:©on-
stitution, iiv connection with the-St&teii of Mary-
land, Missouri, Delaware, and West Virgmia,
constituting halfifrf the southern States* would
not only avoid theunputatiao.of unfairness in act-
ing upon the subject when thg former States^were
not represented here, but would certainly spcuj'e
tlie two-thirds vote of Congress required by the
Constitution, as well as the morcjn^yiiedia£e,ad6p-
tion of the amendment by the,-requtfiHe-number
ofStat.es, and would give to fhe measure ajihoral
influence that would'silence alJ'^Jje partisan
clamors of simulated sympathy iri fne non-slave-
holding States. - ' " ' - •
And moreover,it is 'riot to be denied, MnBres-
ident, that the public excitement conseq**enfcupdn
the-condition, of the country* in the.midst,o£ the
most bloody and tremendous war known iretSe
annals of history, is not entirety.compatible with
the calm deliberation with which.so grave a mat-
ter as the alteration ,of our fundamental'law in
reference to a most-delicate and exciting subject
should be considered. But, sir, if a majority of
Lhefriends of this measure think tins-is the proper
ttme to propose it, I shall waive my preference
for postponed action, und' support the measure
now. Sir, 1 believe that this amendment of our
Constitution is demanded, either now or soon
hereafter, by every principle of justice and- by
every consideration of expediency; by the history
of the past, by thd woes,of the present, and by the
hopes of the ftioire; by the blood of our fellow-
Citizens Sacrificed on the altar of their country in
defense of the Union; by our defeats at BullKun
aritf'at the Chickahominy; by our victories UtrA'ft-
tietam, at Gettysburg, and at Chattanooga; by
tlie millions of our national debt; by the burdens
of Federal taxation; by the genius of our Ameri-
can liberty; by the spirit of our Christianity;-by
our love of freedom; by our h&trftd of tyranny;
and by the voice of the people, which, in this in-
stance, is the voice of God.
MILITARY INTEKtflSRENCE "WITH ELECTIONS.
Mr. HOWARD. Senate bill No. 37, to pre-
vent officers of the Army and Navy, and other
persons engaged in the military and n$val service
of the United States, from interfering inflections
in the States, was assigned for to-day at one
o'clock. I will inquire whether it wTll be in order
to pioceed to the consideration "of that motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. A motion to that
effect would be in order. -
Mr. HOWARD. I make that motion. .
Mr- JOHNSON. I suggest to the honorable
member from Michigan thai the hour is rather
