1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
the Allen House, no one was prevented from vot-
ing who offered to vote. It is true that the evi-
dence shows there was a personal difficulty be-
tween old man Cowie and another man, but it
was after Mr. Cowie had voted.
There was some difficulty at the market-house
precinct, and I think it probable some two or three
persons may have been prevented 'from voting,
out it is not certain that all of these voters would
have voted for the contestant. Mr. Ensworth,
one of them, swears that he intended to have
voted for the contestee.
At the precinct at the court-house I think the
evidence shows that the poll-books were torn up,
and it also shows that no legal election was held
there; in this, that the judges and clerks failed and
neglected to take the oath prescribed by the con-
vention ordinance, which required them to swear
" that they would not record, nor permit to be
recorded, the name of any voter who had not first
taken the oath required to be taken by the first
section of this ordinance."
Two sets of judges and clerks were appointed
to hold the election at this precinct, yet not one
of them could be prevailed on to qualify accord-
ing to law, and this omission may account for
the number of the contestant's friends who voted
at that precinct. The only wonder is that the
people who were so outraged remained so quiet
as did the loyal people on that day.
But it is a sufficient and to my mind a con-
clusive answer to all that is alleged to have oc-
curred in St. Joseph on that day to refer to the
military orders issued by the Governor of the
State and by General Hall, who was then in com-
mand of the district. These orders road as fol-
lows:
[General Orders, No. 45.J
Headquarters State of Missouri,
Adjutant Genj-Rai/s Office,
St. Louis, October S3,1862.
I. A genera! election is to take place throughout the State
the fiist Tuesday m November next.
This is the first attempt of the people to choose their
officer* sdnco the warof the rebellion commenced. It will
be an occasion when angry passion, excited by the war,
might produce strife, and prevent (he full cxpieanion ot" the
populai will in the selection of officers.
Tlie convention ptovided, by ordinance, that every
voter shall, before voting, take a ptescribed oath, and that
no vote tdiall he counted in favoi of any candidate for a
State or county oflice unless he shall hav<> taken an oath
prescribed lor candidates. Tin1 ordinance of the conven-
tion fixes heavy penalties upon those who take the oath
falsely.
Tlic-e aie the salcanaids which the convention judged
neccsf-ary to keep unfaithful and disloyal persons fioni ex-
erc!?in<[ powei in the State. They are sufficient. No poi-
son miu«t be allowed to interfere with the freedom of those
qualified to vote under this ordinance.
The enrolled nuiitia, being citizens of the State, and veiy
nearly ail entitled by age to vote, will doubtle-s ho gen-
erally at places of voting.
They are a body organized for the purpose of preventing
violations of the law of the State, and they all know that
ft is essential to the maintenance of our Government that
all qualified voters should be allowed, without molestation
of any kind, to cast their votes as they please.
II. It is required of all officers and men of the enrolled
miluia that they keep perlect ordei at the polls on the day
of election, and that they see that no peison is either kept
from the poll* liy intimidation, or in anyway micifcied >
with in voting at the polls for whatever candidate he may j
choose. 1
nf. ff any officer or private shall either interfere with I
the rising or voter*, or countenance such interference by j
othtir-, it will he treated as a high mihtajy offense, and 1
punished with the utmost rigor.
IV. Whenever there is any icason to apprehend any in- |
terference with the election on the part ot band* of guer- I
riiias. the commanding officer of the nearest regiment will j
detail a s-uftieu'nt force to pievent any Mich lnrerfeicnce, j
and station it where there is any nppieh«;nd<id danger. I
.V. In case of du-tuib.ince arising which cannot be ar- |
ic'sted by the civil authorities, any commissioned officer !
present is hereby oi doted, at 1 ke request of any judge ^kcrijj, j
or justice of the y/eucc, to use the nece^saiy mditaiy force to j
SUppK'sS it. j
VI. Commanding officers of the enrolled Mi«souu mili- j
tia are hereby directed to see that the foregoing oiders are j
fttjcdt obeyed. i
By order of the commander-in-chief: i
WILLIAM D. WOOD, i
•Acting Jldjulant General, Missouri. |
t
[General Orders, No. 33.] j
Headquarters? Seventh Mtmtvry District, j
St. Joseph, Missouri, November 1, ISG-i. i
The attention of all officers and K>ldieis_of the militia ot j
tlhs district iscailed to General Oidei No.45, d.ifed <*HeacI- !
quarters State of Missouri, Adjutant General's oilier, St. ,
Loms, October23.1882," with reference to the election on
Tuesday next. The military should beat in mind that they J
are not the judges of the qualifications of voters That duty j
is devolved by law on the judge of the election. It these
officers either admit improper persons to vote, or exclude
piopei persons ttom voting, the statutes of this State pio-
vide an ample remedy. The militia wsll carefully abstain
from all act?, calculated to interfere with the freedom of
election. All officers who interfere with the lights «f voters
will be reported to the commander-in-chief, to be dealt
with as he may decide. Ali soldiers guilty of the same of-
fense will be punished as a court-initial shall determine.
By order of Bngadier General Willnrd P. Hall:
ELWOOD KlltBY,
•Assistant Adjutant General.
By these orders the military force of the State
was placed at the disposal of the civil authorities
to keep the peace and to preserve order at the
polls, and to see that all legal voters who desired
to do so were permitted to vote, and penalties
were denounced against any officer or soldier who
should in any way interfere with the freedom of
the election. And when the further facts are con-
sidered, that General Hall, now acting Governor
of the State, was in St. Joseph on the day of the
election with an ample force at his command to
enforce his orders and protect the polls; that he
was on duty that day and gave his personal at-
tention to the election; that all guards stationed
at the polls in the city on that day were placed at
the request of contestant and were selected from
the contestant's political friends, who voted for
him; that General Hall was satisfied with the
fairness of the election; that no officer or soldier,
as such, did anything to disturb the quiet of the
election; that the contestant did not nor did any
other person make any demand that any officer
or soldier be punished under the provisions of Or-
der No. 33 for disturbing the election, they ought
to be conclusive that there had been no violation
of the order and that the election was a fair one.
In addition, every State officer elected on that day
was allowed'to hold his office without any con-
test, with but a single exception. Colonel Sev-
erance's election as State senator was contested,
but the contestant abandoned the case without
pressing it to a decision.
Again, all the controversy that arose in that elec-
tion grew out of (he contest between the candi-
dates for State and county officers. Two weeks
previous to the election a county convention was
called to nominate an unconditional Union ticket
for county officers, and on this ticket was placed
the name of Colonel Severance for State senator,
Major Bittenger and Captain Brierly for the State
Legislature, Enos Craig for sheriff,&c. The meet-
ing that made these nominations did not nominate
nor in anywise indorse me as their candidate, so
far as I am advised. I had been an independent
candidate for some two weeks when this meeting
was held. 1 had left the district about the 1st of
August, 18G2,and did not return to it until about
the 1st of March, 1863. I never wrote or published
any circular or address to the voters of the district,
nor was th# re any concert of action between me
and any of the candidates. And while the county
officers were elected by small majorities, perhaps
not exceeding 100, my majority in the county was
nearly 1,000. All the excitemcnton that day re-
lated to the local election; theie was no contro-
versy about the congressional race; in the excite-
ment the contestant's name was not evmi mentioned;
andVhile the voters were excited and divided on
the candidates for the local offices, a large mujotity
of them were for me, and voted accoidmgly.
At Chillicothe Lieutenant Colonel Jacobson in-
terfered with the election for a short time. He
was there m the interest of Colonel Branch, who
was also a candidate for Congress. Within the
hour a telegram from Governor Gamble removed
Jacobson,and the votingproceeded quietly duting
the remainder of the day. The contestant received
at that precinct 173 votes, to 55 lor me. This, I
aver, was the only {dace within the district where
there was any interference to pievent voters from
voting by military authority; and I now challenge
the gentleman who will conclude this debate to
refer to the evidence that will show any interfer-
ence by military authority at any other-place,
and the evidence fails to show that any one was
prevented from voting at this precinct.
In Andrew county there was no disturbance at
the polls other than the usual jam when an ex-
citing election wasgomg on. Lieutenant Colonel
Nash, in command of the militia there, said that
he was ready to furnish a guard for the protection
of the polls when one was properly demanded by
the civil officers, but the judges and clerks of the
election did not deem a guard necessary. Ihere
is no evidence whatever tending to show that there i
was any disturbance at the polls in Holtor Atchi- I
son county;, the statement of Mr, Puryear
what was told- him is no evidence. In point of 4
fact there was no disturbance there, and Mr. Pur*
year knew it. •• . : : .
In De Kalb county, not more than -four tnen
were from any cause prevented from voting,- ad-
mitting the strongest case that-can be claimed
under the evidence. '
Before concluding it is perhaps necessary1 to
reply to some things that have been said on the
side of the majority report. As the statements
made by the contestant have no connection with
the record, and are wholly unwarranted by the
truth, I know the House will excuse me if I omit
to take any further notice of them.
The majority report in this case, instead of
being a comprehensive, intelligent statement of
the case, as a report of this kind should be, is like
the ingenious argumentof apettifoggingattorney
who seeks to gain a cause that he knows to be.
unjust; specious sophistries are advanced and are
attempted to be supported by partial extracts
from the evidence that only serve to pervert the
truth.
The report is worthy of its author, and the au-
thor is worthily reflected in the report, and the
opening speech in this case is worthy of both.
When speakingofguardsbeingplaced atthepolla,
and that the only avenue to the ballot-box was
over crossed bayonets, the gentleman had not the
fairness to say that the guards were placed there
at the request of the contestant, and that they were,
so far as the evidence shows, his political friends,
and that they voted for him. When he spoke of
Mr. Ensworth, the sheriff, and a candidate for
reelection, as a friend of mine, he did not find it
necessary to say that he was the candidate on the
Union or Bruce ticket—if there was any such in
the race—and was running in opposition to the
candidate on the unconditional Union ticket which
was nominated by a county convention, and on
which Colonel Severance, Major Bittenger, and
Captain Brierly were candidates, but he was care-
ful to tell you that they weie on the ticket with
the sitting membeiJ,and insinuated that he and iliey
were acting in concert. Thegentieman did not state
it directly because he knew it way nottruc. He had
the testimony of the witness Abell read to show that
there was a list of nine hundred names of per-
sons who were prohibited from voting as he stated.
Such was not the case; there was no prohibition
against any one voting whom the judges of the
election declared entitled to vote, and the gentle-
man knew such to be the case. The same wit-
ness swears that General Hall, who was in com-
mand, pi omised and gave protection to the voLers.
The gentleman furthorstated that many of the cit-
izens had been subject to arrest improperly and
had had their property improperly seized, and
that in consequence there was great fear and ter-
ror among the citizens. There" la no evidence that
will authorize such a statement, nor is it true in
fact. The statement in the report in jelation to
the evidence of Mr. Samuel is a perversion of his
testimony, and when I asked the gentleman to .
lead from the record what Mr. Samuel did say,
he had not the candor to do it, but declined this
act of justice with a sneer.
But I have wasted sufficient time on a subject
of such little merit or importance, and must pro-
ceed to other matters. A few words hi relation
to the honorable chairman of the Committee of
Elections is next in older; and I regret to see
that his seat is vacant at this time.
Mr. ELIOT. The gentleman from Missouri
will permit me to say that I have no doubt my
colleague [Mr. Dawes] would have been in his
seat to-day if he had not been called home on
business, business assigned for attention before
this case came on.
Mr. LOAN. Without questioning or inquir-
ing into the cause, I nevertheless cannot but re-
gret that his seat is vacant, v
The chairman of the Committee of Elections
was unequal to the task of making a report in thia
case. liis fine legal acquirements and clear, lo-
gical mind satisfied him that any adverse report
must disregard all pretense to honestyor fairness,
and consequently he transferred the task to other
hands. H is unfortunate for him that his pru-
dence did not prevent him from participating in
this debate. I make no doubt it would have done
so had he not become alarmed for tha result. He
has said that he did not intend to participate in
