2212
THE CONGRESSIONAL 'GLOBE.
May 10,
the debate on the merits of the case, and he only
* changed his mind when it became necessary to
use his character and influence to sustain the ma-
jority report. Becoming satisfied, as the debate
progressed, that the majority in the House was
against the report, he entered the contest and de-
termined to win at any cost. In his zeal and reck-
lessness he made statements unwarranted by the
facta and entirely at variance with the evidence.
He dealt in general assertions, and entirely ig-
nored the record in the case, repudiated the evi-
dence and all'rules by which evidence is estab-
lished, and triumphantly asked if this House
would restrict itself to the rules of evidence which
limit a justice of the peace at a cross-roads in
the trial of a twenty-shilling case. How much
worse than idle is it for Congress to pass laws
prescribing the manner in which evidence shall
be taken in such cases if such laws are not bind-
ing; and if the members of this House can inno-
cently disregard the obligations of such laws, they
become a positive fraud on the people.
If there is no evidence here to show that any
disturbance occurred at the polls at the election
in 1862 in the seventh district of Missouri, I ask
the gentleman how he knows anything about it.
I am sure he was not there in person, and I ask
him by what authority, in the absence of all ev-
idence, he can as an honest man cast his vote to
disfranchise the district," notwithstanding it is
represented here by a member whose right to his
seat is evidenced and confirmed by the broad seal
of the State. It is true that the gentleman, who
is possessed of a Itvelyand brilliant imagination,
drew on jt for a statement of facts that would
have excused him to some extentif the statement
had been true, but, like all imaginary sketches,
it had no foundation in fact. He made the state-
ment knowing it was false so far as it related to
the matter under consideration, and trusted to his
hitherto good character to give it currency and
weight in the consideration of the case; and 1
challenge the gentleman or any friend of his to
show any evidence or facts that will authoiize
or justify the statements he has made. He con-
ceded there was none such when lit- declaied that
this was a new case and must be disposed of un-
til i iH'W iules; when he,declaied his independence
of'all lules of evidenee, and when ho invoked
the House to avail themselves of the opportunity
which this case offered of spiking the enemy's
guns on the chaiges they were making against
the Administration that it was using the mili-
tary power of the countiy to cany the elections
aad secure its party in power; when he declared
that this House might be losing the opportunity
of lemoving from the shouldeis of the Adminis-
tration a load that was hearing it down,&c.,&e.
ilrre the motive foi the course the gentleman
haw seen fit to takeappeuis. The enemies of the
Administration ar*e making charges against it,
that it has been using the military power of the
country to carry the elections, and thereby secure
its patty in powei; and these charges are a load
on the shoulders of tin: Admnnstiation that is
weighing it down, and the members of this House
are called to the relief of the Administration, and
are urged by the chairman of the Committee of
Elections to disregaul all law, ail the uilcs of ev-
idence, all the facts in the ca.se, ail the obligation
resting on the consciences of the members as hon-
est men, to avail themselves of tins opportunity
to spike the guns of the enemies of the Adminis-
tration and to jeniove fiom its shoulders the load
that is wnghingi/ down. If the Administration
can be saved, in his opinion it matters little at
w hat sacrifice of honor, truth, or justice its sal-
vation is purchased. 1 can tell the gentleman
thar no usurpations at the ballot-boxes in half the
eongussional districts in the Republic could in-
flict so great an injury on the freedom of eh ctions
as would the d isii anchisement, by the action of
this House, of a single district wlu>rea valid elec-
tion had been held, that theieby the Administra-
tion might spike its enemies'guns or relieve us
shoulders ot a load that was weighing it down.
No, sir; let the validity of the eh etion in this case
be tested by the law as applicable to the facts, and
lei it be honestly deeuh d without considering the
< tiect it will have on the piospeets of theAdmm-
istnitiou. The gentleman paid he lmd forgotten
how the sitting member would vote in his consid-
eration of the ease; it is to he regretted that he
did not forget the interests of the Administration
at the same time and also as well the charges its
enemies were making against it.
To divert attention from the facts in this case,
and as a pretense for the course of action the gen-
tleman has seen jyo'per to take in it, he indulged
in a fancy sketch, which he drew in vivid colors,
of the disturbed condition of a rebellious district,
of the terror that enveloped the awe-stricken in-
habitants, of the troops of armed soldiery and of
the bristling bayonets, and then, in a rage of
righteous indignation assumed for the occasion,
he declared that to dignify with the name of an
election proceedings had under such surround-
ings was to blaspheme before the Republic. His
whole statement was gratuitous; nothing of the
kind stated by him characterized the election in
the seventh district in Missouri in 18G2.
But 1 have no time to follow the gentleman
further in his speech. It must suffice for me to
say that I do not now remember that any state-
ment made by the gentleman, that has an import-
ant bearing on the case in hearing*, was true in
fact. The Administration had no soldiers sta-
tioned in the seventh district in Missouri at the
time of the election in 1862, and the gentleman
knew it. There was no military authority, State
or Federal, which authorized any one to exercise
a censorship over the polls or over the action of
the voters. The only military force that was in
the district was under State authority, and was
by an order (No. 45) of the Governor, issued
two weeks prior to the election, subordinated to
the civil officers, and it was prohibited from any
interference in any way with the election, unless
called on by the civil officers to aid them in en-
forcing the laws.
State senators, members of the Legislature,
sheriffs, and othei officers under the laws of the
State wcie elected at the same election which was
held for the election of members to Congress. No
one has ever doubted the fairness of the election
of these officers or questioned their right to dis-
charge the duties of their office.
The chairman of the Committee of Elections
made a reply to a question asked him by the gen-
tleman from West Virginia, which demands es-
pecial attention from me. When asked by the
gentleman from West Virginia if the sitting mem-
ber did not receive a majoiity of more1 than 2,000
votes, the chairman of the Cornmitteeof Elections
replied in euhstance that the sitting member might
have counted up just as many votes as he pleased,
and instead of having only a majority of 2,000
votes he wondered it was not 4,000.
It will be remembered that 1 had left the dis-
tnet in August, did not become a candidate for
Congress until October, and did not return to the
district until long after the election in November;
that 1 made tiie lace as an independent candidate;
that i did not act in conceit with any other can-
didate; and when it is further understood that it
is not even pretended that any one vote of that
majority had not been properly cast by a quali-
fi> d voter, one can begin to comprehend what a
stupendousssulumny and foul slander the gentle-
man has recklessly, wantonly, and wickedly in-
flicted upon one whose mouJ character has ever
been preserved as pure and unsullied as has that
] of any gentleman on this floor orelsewhere. The
j only desemng or proper reply tiiat could be made
| to the statement of the gentleman lathe epithet that
Colonel Kenton oneeapplied toPettitof Indiana;*
but as J am inclined to think the language would
not, as a geneial rule, be parhamentaiy, i willnot <
use it; but if any gentleman will furnish me with a |
paihameutary plnase that will express the same |
idea I will thank him for the suggestion. A po- !
htical guen ilia who flies a friendly flag that there- j
by he may the more safely and sutely strike a i
fatal blow. The gentleman has fan ly earned and
! no doubt will recene the scorn and contempt of
every-honest man; and here 1 leave this unpleas-
ant subject.
Now, in conclusion, the contestant has been al-
lowed a year to collect and take his evidence. No
obstiuctjons have been mteiposed. It is in vain j
for him to say that, it was unsafe for him to visit |
certain localities in the distnet to take testimony,
it only shows the detestation in which he is con- ,
8cious the loyal people hold him and his disloyal ■
sentiments, but it is no evidence that they would
mteifere with him. He could have taken evidence
1 lie is a great liar ami a iliity dos.,:
in any part of the district, at any time, in perfect
safety, but there being no evidence to take, it
suited his purpose to pretend that itcould nothave
been taken. The statements by the witnesses that
they believed the evidence could not have been
taken, only' show their credulity and cowardice,
•if nothing worse. In point of fact, at the judicial
election last November, the time referred to by-
some of the witnesses, the military force on duty
in the seventh congressional district was com-
posed of disloyal men and officers, with rare ex-
ceptions, many of whom had served in the rebel
armies, or as guerrillas and bushwhackers.
With the most untiring energy and industry
the contestant has been unable to show by any-
thing approaching legitimate evidence that fifty
legal voters of the district who offered to vote for
a Representative in Congress were from any causc
prevented from doing so, and 1 challenge the gen-
tleman who will close this argument to show the
names of any voters beyond that number who of-
fered to vote and were refused permission to do
so, and it is evident that the gentleman who drew
the majority report was painfully conscious of the
fact and felt the necessity of avoiding its force,
therefore he attempted it by a series of comparisons
of the numbers of the votes polled in 1860 with
those polled in 1862, and thereby has endeavoied
inferentially to show that a considerable number
ofvoters Were prevented by force from voting. The
discrepancy is admitted; itamounted to more than
seventy thousand in the State; but the inference
that the discrepancy was occasioned by leasonof
any disturbance at the polls is denied.
f would ask the gentleman why he left out of
the account any estimate of those who had en-
tered the rebel army and of those who had en-
tered the Federal service butdid not vote, of those
who had been killed, and of those who had re-
moved from the State on account of the disturbed
condition of the country, or of those who within
the previous three months had enrolled them-
selves as sympathizers with the rebellion, and
who were not willing so soon to commit perjury,
as they would have done if they had taken the
convention oath so as to qualify themselves for
voting. These causes will account for any dis-
crepancies in the votes of the two years as readily
and as plausibly as the supposition that the voters
were prevented from voting by force; but they
would not answer the purposes of the gentleman
quite so well, hence they were not considered or
estimated in the comparison. I would further
ask my mathematical friend, who has the skill of
combining figures so ingeniously as to make them
show any result he may desire, to account for
the deficiency in the State of 70,000 votes at the
election of 1862 out of 155,000 polled in 18G0.
There is no pretense that there was any disturb-
ance at the polls in six of the nine districts m the
State at the election of 18G2, yet the vote is less
ifi every othtr district in the State than it was in
the seventh district, and in this district the rela-
tive deficiency was less by fifty per cent, than it
was in any other district excepting that of Mr.
Bluw's, and after the cause of this deficiency in
these distiicts has been ascertained 1 would re-
spectfully ask him to put the proper credit to the
seventh district to which it is entitled from the
same cause, and 1 make no doubt butthe balance
then shown by the figures to be the number who
were prevented from voting by'violence will pre-
cisely coincide with the number as shown by the
evidence, and in the aggregate will be less than
fifty votes in either case.
Mr. ASHLEY. Mr/ Speaker, I had some
thought of addressing the House on this subject,
but the previous question having been sustained
I cannot do so now. I desire to send to the Clerk's
desk and have read an abstract of the vote in my
own city at three dilTeient elections, for President
in 1860, for Govci nor in 38GI, and again for Gov-
ernor in 1863, when there was no pretext of mil-
itary invasion or interference with elections.
Mr. ELDR1DGE. 1 rise to a question of order.
Mr. BHUCEj (contestant.) I trust my fuend
from Wisconsin wiil not object.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I will take the responsi-
bility. 1 uuse the question of order that there
is no connection between the subject before the
House and the vote gi\en in a city in Ohio. The
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Asiilky] sends to the
Cleik's desk to be read a statement of the vote in
his district, which has nothing to do with the
