1236
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 22,
too iate to take up that bill, and with his permis-
sion I will move that it be passed over.
Mr. HOWARD. I will cheerfully give way
to a motion to go into executive session, but I
should like to have this bill taken up, so that it
may be the first in order to-morrow.
The motion to take up the bill was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. Do X understand the Senator
to wish this bill to supersede the question of con-
stitutional amendment to-morrow?
Mr, HOWARD. I made the motion to take
up the bill with a view to proceed to its consider-
ation. I'do not wish to supersede that.
Mr. SUMNER. The other is the special or-
der, but as the unfinished business this will take
precedence.
Mr. HOWARD. Of course.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill is now
before the Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
The report of the committee is adverse to the
passage of the bill.
Mr. HOWARD. It is my purpose to say a
word on the bill; but as the Senate is quite thin
this afternoon, and the hour is so far past, perhaps
we had better go into executive session.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. WILSON. As the Senator prefers to go
on to-morrow, and it is desirable to have an exec-
utive session to-day, I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to; and after some time
spent in executive session, the doors were re-
opened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, March 22, 1864.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by Rev. Frederics Hinckley, of Lowell, Mas-
sachusetts.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE TO MEMBERS.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN asked leave of absence for
his colleague, Mr. IluTCHiKrs.for ten days from
to-day.
Leave was granted.
Mr. PENDLETON asked leave of absence for
his colleague, Mr. Long, for a week from to-day.
Leave was granted.
MURDER OF CAPTAIN REED.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania, by unan-
imous consent, offered a resolution, which was
read, considered, and agreed 10, requesting the
Secretary of War, if not inconsistent with the
public interest, to instruct the commander of the
middle department to order the commanding offi-
cerof the counties of Accomacand Northampton,
on the Eastern Shore of Virginia, to institute in-
quiries at once concerning themurderof Captain
Theodore Reed, who resided in the city of Phil-
adelphia, and who, on the morning of Thursday,
the 3d instant, was shot, in Tangier sound, Ches-
apeake bay, by pirates.
MAltY H. HAZZARD.
Mr. DUMONT asked and obtained unanimous
consent to have the bill (H. R. No. 252) for the
relief of Mrs. Mary E. Hazzard, widow of the late
Captain George W. lluzzard, transferred from
the Committee on Military Affairs, to which it
had been referred, to the Committee of Claims.
MARY COLE.
Mr. MARCY, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Pensions, presented an adverse report in
the case of Mary Cole, wife of Lewis Cole; which
was laid oil the table, and ordered to be printed.
NAVAL AFFAIRS.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. Mr. Speaker,
I was absent last week on official business, with
the other menibcis of the committee, when the
Committee on Naval Affairs was called, but I un-
derstand that the House agreed to give two days
to the business of the committee. I desire now
to ask that Tuesday and Wednesday ofnext week
be assigned to that business.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 have no
objection to that, provided it will not interfere
with the business of the Committee on Commerce.
That committee has not been called for several
months, and has a great deal of business bofore
it ready to be reported, which ought to be acted
on at once.
The SPEAKER. On the 10th of March the
Committee on Naval Affairs was called in regular
order. The committee was absent on official
business, and the House authorized the commit-
tee when it should return to designate not two
days but two morning hours. The chairman of
the Committee on Naval Affairs now designates
Tuesday and Wednesday of next week.
There being no objection, the order was made.
ATTACHMENT OE DNITED STATES PROPERTY.
Mr. ELIOT, by unanimous consent, reported
from the Committee on Commerce a bill to author-
ize the Secretary of the Treasury to stipulate for
the release from attachment or other process of
property claimed by the United States, and for
other purposes.
The bill was read. It enacts that whenever any
property owned or held by the United States, or
in which the United States claim an interest, shall
in any judicial proceeding under the laws of any
State, district, or Territory be seized, arrested, at-
tached, or held for the security or satisfaction of
any claim made against such property.it shall be
lawful for the Secretary of the Treasury, in his
discretion, to direct the Solicitor of the Treasury
to cause a stipulation to be entered into by the
proper district attorney for the discharge of such
property from such seizure, arrest, attachment,
or proceeding, to the effect that, on such discharge
the person asserting the claim against such prop
erty shall become entitled to all the benefits of the
act. In all cases where such stipulation is en-
tered into, and wheie the property shall be dis-
charged and final judgment shall have been given
in the court of last resort to which the Secretary
of the Treasury may deem proper to cause such
proceeding to be carried, affirming the claim and
the right of the person asserting the same to en-
force it, such final judgment shall be deemed, to
all intents and purposes, a full and final determ-
ination of the rights of such person, and shall
entitle such person as against the United States
to such rights as he would have had in ease the
possession of the property had not been changed.
If such claim be for the payment of mon'ey, and
if the same shall by such judgment be found due,
the presentation of a duly authenticated copy of
the record of such judgment and proceedings
shall be sufficient evidence to the proper account-
ing officers of the Treasury for the allowance
thereof, and the same is to be thereupon allowed
and paid out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated.
Mr. ELIOT. The bill simply gives to the
Government the power, which every private cit-
izen has, to release property from attachment
which the Government may want to use. It
gives to the Secretary of the Treasury the power,
at his discretion, to release property from attach-
ment, instead of allowing it to be tied up by the
officers of the law. That is the whole bill.
The bill was read a first and second time.
Mr. ELIOT moved the previous question on
the third reading.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation
the bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a
third time; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. ELIOT moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
FIRST REGIMENT OF ILLINOIS CAVALRY.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, by unanimous con-
sent, submitted the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Whereas tlie papers in the matter of the claims of the
ofiieerr? and ptiviites of tile fii'-t regiment ot Illinois volun-
teer cavalry, lor homes and other pioperty Io-1 at the battle
of Lexington, Mtssouii, in September, 1801, have been
withdrawn flora the Committee oil Military Allaire under
a micappiehen-aon of their condition before such commit-
tee: Therefore,
Resolved, That leave be granted for the return of said
papers, and that the case remain as it would had no sueil
leave been granted andsticli papers lemailied with tile com-
aiittee.
COLONEL JOSEPH PADDOCK.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, by unanimous con-
sent, also submitted the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That tile Committee on Milltaiy Affairs be in-
etiueted to investigate the claim of Colonel Joseph Pad-
dock f«r servlepa commandant of the tiftb legimeiu In-
diana volunteers in the Indian war of 1810 and 1811, and the
war of 1812 with Great Eritain ; and that the resolutions of
the board of supervisors of Warren county, tlhnois, ot De-
cember 17, 1858, and of December, 1803, and the petitions
of General E. A. Paine and others, and of Judge James
Thompson and others, praying the allowance thereof, be re-
ferred to them; and that they report by bill or otherwise.
PURCHASE OF ROCK ISLAND BRIDGES.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, also, by unanimous
consent, introduced resolutions relative to the
purchase of bridges from the city of Rock Island
and the town of Molme, Illinois; which were read,
and referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
TREATY WITH OREGON INDIANS.
The SPEAKER stated the first business to be
an act (S. No. 25) to authorize the President to
negotiate a treaty with the Klamath, Modoc, and
other Indian tribes in southeastern Oregon.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
President be authorized to conclude a treaty with
the Klamath, Modoc, and Snake Indians in south-
eastern Oregon for the purchase of the country oc-
cupied by them,and that for the purpose of car-
rying out the provisions of the act $20,000 be
appropriated from any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, to be expended under
direction of the Secretary of the Interior.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
Mr. McBRIDE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
E. F. AND SAMUEL A. WOOD.
Mr. HALE. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House for leave to report back from the Com-
mittee of Claims Senate bill No. 105, for the re-
lief of E. F. and Samuel A. Wood, and that it
be now acted upon.
Mr. WILSON. I object.
Mr. HALE. The bonds provided for by this
bill were lost by the destruction of the Golden
Gate. I do not see how there can be any objec-
tion to it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Iowa
objects.
FRAUD UPON THE TREASURY.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to report from
the Committee on Commerce a bill requiring the
proof of the payment ofduty on foreign salt he-
fore the payment of allowances provided by acts
of July 29, 1813, and March 3, 1819, and that it
be put on its passage. The bill is founded upon
a letter from the Secretary of the Treasury that
it is necessary to prevent frauds which are now
committed. Fishermen defraud theTreasury by
purchasing salt abroad, and therefore escape the
payment of duty upon salt purchased at home.
1 tried to get it in once before, but it was object-
ed to.
Mr. STEVENS. Would it not more properly
come in as an amendment to the tariff bill?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Ithas noth-
ing to do with the tariff.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not object.
Mr. SWEAT. Does the bill come from a com-
mittee of this House?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is the
unanimous report of the Committee on Com-
merce, upon the recommendation of the Secretary
of the Treasury. I am sorry that I have not the
letter of the Secretary of the Treasury, as it has
been mislaid. He states that these fishermen pur-
chase their salt abroad, and thus defraud the rev-
enue. These men have bounties given to them,
and I think that it is ungracious for them to at-
tempt to defraud the Government by the purchase
of salt abroad.
There was no objection.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed,it was ac-
cordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
