1864.
. JHE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2213
subject before the House. I object to it as out of
order.
Mr. LOAN. I ask that it bo read as part of
my speech.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
the report of the majority of the Committee of
Elections opens a wide range of discussion. The
gentleman from Wisconsin is correct in saying
that the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Ashley]
would not.have a right to have the paper read.
But the Chair thinks that the gentleman himself
[Mr. Loan] would have a right to read almost
anything bearing on elections. While the Chair
sustains the point of order as against the gentle-
man from Ohio, he thinks the sitting member
would have a right to read anything relating to
elections bearing: on the case.
Mr. ASHLEY. Does the Chair decide that I
have not a right to read that paper myself?
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that tlie
gentleman from Ohio is not entitled to the floor.
The sitting member cannot yield, because, by
order of the House, the sitting member isto have
the floor, and nobody else.
The paper was then read, as follows'!
Aggregate vote in tlie city of Toledo for Piesident In
3860, for Governor in 1861, and for Governor in 1863. In
3860 there were bu* four wards in tlie city. Tiicy have
since been divided, and tfoeie are now six wards.
18G0. 1861. 1863.
First Ward  409 1S4 528
Second Ward 581 230 707
Third Ward  843 192 630
Fourth Watd G76 140 601
Fifth Ward  — 123 471
Sixth Wdid  — . 43 160
Entire vote 2,559 881 3,117
Mr. LOAN. Mr. Speaker, this is a fair illus-
tration of the reliability to be placed on tho. c< m-
ptu'ison of votes at different times. Itshows that
against 2,559 votes cast in Toledo in 18G0 there
were but 881 votes cast in 1861, and that again in
1863 the vote was 3,117, all the elections being
important ones. And yet that comparison is
sought to be made the basis for dctmmni ng the
force used to pievent men from vuung in the sev-
enth congressional dist.net of Missouri.
The whole aigument based upon the compari-
son of votes is hardly worthy of its author. It
is f.ilae without being even ingenious, and is a
mere subteifugo, resorted to to supply an obvious
gap in tho evidence; a weak and puerile attempt
to show that voters were kept from the polls by
strained inferences which are not wanauted by
any facts proven in the case. The legal and com-
petent evidence which has been taken, so far from
showing any interference with the fairness and
freedom of the election, shows clearly that the
most wise and prudent measuies were carefully
and properly taken to secure a free and full ex-
pression of the popular will at the polls, and that
these measures were enforced with unusual skill
and success by General Hall is manifest by the
very large vote polled in the district—it being the
largest vote polled jn any congressional district
in the State,not excepting the St.Louisdistncts;
and the percentage of loss is less by n<jaily one
half than it is in any other district except Mr.
Blow's. The vote in the several counties com-
posing the congressional districts in Missouri in
3860 compares with the vote of 1862 as follows: j
District. I860. Loss, ;
1  21,715 10,869 30.816 !
'2  11,160 9,168 l'.O -> I
a  10.7J3 r>,5'v 3 7;nu '
 4  4,178 U.-27fi i
 5  18,370 9,263 9.107 :
 6  18.755 9.370 9,325 ,
 7  J 8 235 13,701 4,534!
 8  UU10 11.778 7,4-W j
 9    19,035 10,498 8.537 I
LocS in the State .
0.201
From the foregoing it will be seen that the vote
in the seventh district was m 1S62 13,701 votes,
which I believe is a greater number of votes than
the average number of votes polled id tlie several
congressional districts at the conespondiiig elec-
tion in the populous and quiet Slate of Massa-
chusetts. If it were possible for a doubt yet to
linger in the mind of any that the election of 1862
was not a fair one, or that the loyal people of the
seventh district in Missouri an* not truly repre-
sented in this House, I would further say that
atari election for judges of the supreme couit,
held in Missouii ius| November, 1 for the first
time canvassed the district on behalf of the radi-
cal candidates; and notwithstanding thecombined
power and influence of the Federal Government
as represented by General Schofield, and of the
State government aided by the pawpaw militia,
organized from the disloyal fclertientof the State,
including returned soldiers from the rebel army,
bushwhackers, and guerrillas, who were armed
by Federal authority, five companies of which
were organized in my own county within the
eight weeks preceding the election, in which com-
panies I do not believe there were five loyal men,
and when guards were required at the polls they
were detailed for that service from these disloyal
troops, yet the district cast 4,500 majority for
the radical candidates for supreme judges; but the
frauds were too overpowering in other parts of
the State, and, by disfranchising a majority of the
soldiers who voted, the certificates of election were
issued to the conservative candidates.
In view of this radical majority of 4,500 votes
cast by the seventh district under such circum-
stances, I ask the gentlemen who make the ma-
jority report in this case what they expect to ac-
complish by sustaining that report except to have
this House stultify itself by disfranchising a loyal
district that the Administration may thereby spike
the guns of its enemies. I would prefer that it
should not be done on the terms proposed.
Mr. BRUCE took the floor.
Mr. KERN AN. Mr. Speaker, I desire to say
in behalf of my colleague [Mr. Ganson] that he
was called home, not by private, business but by
public business, and he could not remain here any
longer.
Mr. BRUCE, (contestant.) The gentleman
read from one vote and I read from another. In
the official evidence which has been referred to
this House the vote in the seventh congressional
disttict of Mi&suuii m I860 is stated at 21,938,
instead of J8,0(IO, ns he read fiom his statement
of the vote. He is accuiato from his table and I
am accurate from my table. He takes the con-
gressional vote and I take presidential vote. He
says that the falling off of the vote in our district
was less than the Tailing off in other districts in
the State. 1 want the House to understand the
position of the seventh congressional district of
Missouri. It borders upon Kansas and Iowa,
and I boldly assert that it is the most loyal dis-
trict m the State of Missouri and that fewer men
went into the rebel army from that district than
from any other. We had a population m that
district composed almostentirely of men who are
not slaveholders, and the counties in which the
sitting member received the largest number of his
votes wete the most disloyal counties in the dis-
trict. The circumstances m our disti ict were dif-
feient from those in the district of the gentleman
[Mr. Boyd] who succeeds Hon. John S.Phelps,
who was so long a valuable Representative m this
House. There war and devastation had existed,
armies had passed thiough it and devastated the
country, but in our district no such thing existed.
Since September, 18G1, we have been entirely free
from invasion by any lebelforce, except upon one
occasion when Poindexter passed through our
district in the rear of the brigade commanded by
the sitting member, and eluded him.
I regret, sir, that the sitting member has seen
fit to denounce the chairman of the Committee of
Elections, [Mr. Dawes,] a gentleman who stands
deservedly high, not only m Massachusetts, hut
throughout the United States, fur his integrity
and fairness. He has shown upon this occasion
that he thought more of principle and the rightful
discharge of his duties than ot his obligations to
his party or of saving a vole here. I honor him,
and 1 tell you the names of Dawls and Baxter !
will be heralded through the irftatc of Missouri ;
and remembeied long as men who have risen j
above all such consideiations and stood by prin- |
ciple. 1 tell you, gentlemen, that if you retain
this gentleman in his seat you will incur the de-
nunciations of those who liavE"nurtured him into
existenceand have felt his poisoned sting. I have
felt it, for at the hour of midnight, when I was
toiling in my newspaper office, he came to me
and asked me to sustain him for the office of
Inigaditr general, as my paper was regarded as j
the organ of the Union sentiment. I did so. 1
wiote an aiticle which met hts approval, and lie !
went to St. Louis and received the appointment jj
from Governor Gamble. When he letumed home IS
I got up an ovation to him and-made the weir
coming speech. In less thftn three months he
turned upon me and united with-,my,t;oeta)iei? t6
sting the bosom of the man who had warmed liim
into life. It was "an illustration,of the fable of
the frozen snake. A^am, Governor Gamble 'ap-
pointed him to the office of brigadier I'erieral kli'ft
tendered him thatof supreme judge, -After hold-
ing the office of brigadier general for eighteen
months he so deported himself that he had to bft-
removed from the position to which he had been
appointed, and then after having enjoyed the posi-
tion to which Governor Gamble had appointed
him and received the pay, he went through our
congressional district and through a large part of
the State denouncing that old man who wentdown
to his grave with honor from the most loyal men
of the country.
There is another exemplification of his turning
upon liis benefactor. The paper that supported
him for Congress, and to the efforts of which he
was more indebted for his election than to any-
thing else, the St. Joseph's Herald, when he com-
menced his canvass for the Senate of the United
States was not willing to desert Mr. Henderson
and go for him, and thereupon lie impugned the
loyalty of the editor of that paper, and turned
upon him, and with his own money and that of
his friends set up another paper to crush the Her-
ald, in which he has so signally failed.
. ;"Sir, I tell you that the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Elections is as puie and honest a man
a% God ever made, and his record here shows it;
and yet the sitting member has seen proper to
make a most bitter and unparliamentary assault
denouncing that gentleman; a man who when put
into the scale with him is as high as Olympus as
compared with the position he occupies here by
fraud and violence, and by driving the people
from the polls. Sir, I have aspired from my
youth up to a seat in this Hall. It is an honor-
able ambition; but 1 have never expected to get
here except by honorable means, f never ex-
pected to get here by driving the qualified voters
from the polls. I expected to reach a seat hereby
the performance of such services as I have been
able to render to my country during this rebellion,
and probably I have been incited to additional ex-
ertions m order to recommend myself to my con-
stituents. The position of Congressman is an
honorable and elevated one, and 1 have an ambi-
tion to fill that position, but I tell you that I will
never sacrifice principle and self-respect to obtain
a seat upon this floor, or resort to violence and
fraud for the attainment of th#end.
The sitting member seeks to escape from the
responsibility for the force and fraud proven in
this case by saying that he was not present when
these occurrences took place; but in his anxious
desire to hold on to his seat, in his persistent re-
tention of it, he indorses the whole proceedings,
and is welcome to all the honor he can gain by it
if you choose to retain him in his seat here; but I
would scorn to obtain the position on such terms.
Why is the sitting member unwilling to go back
to his constituency for another election r It will
be but a little loss to this House or the Repub-
lican party. This affects not only this but several
other districts in Missouri. Not only did his
terrorism override the laws in this district, but it1
several other districts.
1 have never been a pro-slavery propagandist,
and I have been opposed to the agitation of the
subject tn or out of Congress. I have never made
a speech for or against slavery; but I have de-
fended northern men when they have been as-
sailed for their opinions.-
The gentleman says that I was allowed t.o lake
testimony. Let me read something in reference
to that:
Sa-Vannah, February ~0. 1863.
IZUtors Morning Herald:
Granny Itmrc was in Savannah inking rebel testimony
all <l.\v to-diiy. in ti. A. Canon's office. Bruce having got
wirnrth.it the eeh'lirrtteil nig brigade was drilling Jm lib.
bonelit, he concluded not lu k ave tin office until iau* m the
night, when ho sneaked oil to find lodging* with someone
onus kink, ami thence made a hasty exit back to Si. Josepii
on The caiMii tin' motmng. Come again* Granny, the bri-
gade is? now pcrioetcd. Three tunes three tor General Loan,
Our next Cotuirt'^smm! . „T
A GENERAL LOAN MAN.
"The farce of taking evidence tn the contested-election
ea eo( Hnice u?..Loan commenced m tJiiscityyesterday.
" Is the authority of the Government here powerless, or
aie deltgaittl agenu reeieant tu all bcii-ae ol deeency,
