2214
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 10,
that such foul proceedings are suffered to continue? We
are law-abiding citizens and would not conn=ei violence *,
but we are of the opinion that the JE. M. M. should nor ,-.11 f-
fer their gallant champion to bo. m> dMionored."— Chilli-
cot&e (Missouii) Chronicle, February 28, 1853.
The report of the minority states that there are
one hundred and fifty precincts, and that I took
testimony in only eight of them. I have shown
that i took testimony in twelve precincts, us fol-
lows:
Falling off in Precincts.
St. Joseph   1.510
Savannah      '53 6
Fillmore  164
Oliillieothe    3.54
Atchison    2.'*2
I)e Kalb, (StewartviHe).............. ...   184
Groyne township  119
Jackson   217
Grand River    118
Oregon    321
Fores-t City...  177
Mound City .      135
Falling off       4..067
There was more loss in those twelve precincts
than in all the remaining one hundred and thirty-
eight precincts. The total loss in the twelve pre-
cincts, as compared with the vote in 1860 and 1862,
ias 4,067.
The gentleman says I could have taken testi-
mony. Witnesses swear positively that I could
not hove taken evidence in the then existing state
of things.
It is stated in the reports that there is no proof
of what the vote was in Stevvartville. 1 made an
effort to get the testimony as to what the vote was
there, but the clerk of the election was in the
Army, und his deputy could not find the returns.
But since the report of the committee was made
1 have obtained ihatevidencc,and I served acopy
of it upon the sitting member that he might not
nUe^ > that he was taken by surprise. The entire
loss m the vote of De Kalb county from 1860 to
was IDG votes, and the loss at Stewartvil!e,
whore inteiference is proved to have occurred,
was !81 votes of that 196. I give the following
ofliemi certificate of the clerk:
State of flh^oitri, County of De Kalb :
I, Irr> Brown,clerk oftlre county eomtofDc Kalbcounfy,
'Jo hcrebv certify that the number ot votes polled
in towmdnp of said county at the November
elation, A. M. I WW, according to the returns, now m this
oflier, wa- ami further that the number of vote* polled
for Itfuiuiun F. Loan anil John P. Bruce for Congies* at
the i-h-etion m November, 18b2, In said township oi VVas.li-
Inyton, \va- ax follow*: Benjamin F. Loan icceived 80
vote- and John P. Bruce received 21 vote*, and that the
tor a I amount of vofn-s polled at said time and place was
lt'l ; and fniiher that the precinct at Stewartville was the
only voting precinct during the above-named elections in
said township.
In \vitin vx whereof T have hereunto set niv hand and
f, o •  atlixi'd the seal of said court m the oflice at May&-
1 ' -J villc tliU 28th day ot March, A. D. IRG-l.
Ill A BROWN, Clcik.
1 have here the tables which appear in the re-
port of the committee,and they show that where
there was no disturbance 1 had a majority over
the sitting member of 1,047 votes, and Colonel
Branch 447.
1 tell you this election has been carried by vio-
lence and fraud. I assert, and I have furnished
the proof, that the sitting member holds Ins seat
by fraud. You may sanction it, and I shall ac-
quiesce; but if there had been a fan* election I
should have been the Representative in this Con-
gress. I ask you to deal justly. I think the ser-
vices I have rendered to the tJnion cause since
the beginningof this rebellion entitle me to a fair
trial by both sides. I love my country, and have
no higher duiy than to stand by its flag upon all
and every occasion; and 1 hope when i go home
1 filial! be able to carry such a report as will ac-
cord with their sense of propriety and justice.
Now,gentlemen, all I ask at your hands is that
you shall deal with me as 1 have dealt with your i
people when I have been placed in a position'that j
1 couldbe of service to them. I have always be- {
lieved in the justice of the northern people. I j
have always believed that it was my duty to stand j
by the Government. 1 have never arrayed one I
section against the other, and 1 can say from my j
heart that while i may have fallen short in the !
performance of other Christian duties, I never op- j
pressed a human being in my life, and none ever !
received injustice at my hands. |:
Sir, I owe to all gentlemen on both sides of the I
House my cordial thanks for the kindness and I
consideration with which I have been treated. I
shall remember it long. I am deeply indebted to
toyouforit. Whateverrnay be the result of this
case I shall carry with me from this Hall a livel y
recollection of the kindness of gentlemen of both
political parties. Nly purpose is to go home and
do my duty to that ilag which waves over the
.Speaker's c.bair. I mean to stand by that flag
wherever it waves, for good or for evil. 1 have
stood by it in times past in my own country when
it has been reared by the side of the rebel flag.
Gentlemen here have never experienced and
hence cannot appreciate the perils which we of
the border States have encountered in standing
up for the Constitution of the country, the union
of the States, and the enforcement of the laws.
We havegone for ourcountry " one and indivis-
ible. " This is my platform.
The SPEAKER stated the question to be upon
agreeing to the first resolution reported by the
Committee of Elections, and which is as follows:
Resolved, That Benjamin F.Xoan is not entitled to a
seal in this House as Representative Irom the seventh con-
gressional district of Missouri.
Mr. UPSON". If that resolution is voted down,
will that confirm the sitting member in his seat?
The SPEAKER. It requires a majority vote
of the House to oust the sitting member from
his seat. If the resolution is voted down the
sitting member will continue in his seat.
Mr. W. J. ALLEN. I demand the yeas and
nays on agreeing to the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ANCONA. I move that there be a call
of the House.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read from
the 132d rule. j
The Cleik read, as follows; ;
"A call of the House shall not be in order alter the pre- i
vlous question rs seconded, unless it shall appeal, upon an 1
actual count by the Speaker, that no quorum in present.^ j
The SPEAKER. The previous question hav- t
ing been seconded, the motion of the gentleman
fiom Pennsylvania is not m order unless by
unanimous < onsent.
Mr. ANCONA. I ask unanimous consent.
Mr. FENTON. I object.
Mr. COFFROTH- I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. ANCONA. I demand the yeas and nays
upon that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided m
the negative—yeas 3, nays 128; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Benjamin G. Harris, Robinson, and
Stil<>- -a
NAYS—Mews. William J Allen, AUKou, Ames, An-
cona, Ande^on, Arnold, Ashley. Baily, Augtihtu^O. Bald-
win, John D. Baldwin, Bnxtei. Bcauum, IJlame, Jacob B.
Blan, Biiss, Boutwell, Boyd, Brooks, Broom.ill, Jamea
S. Blown, William G. Biown, Chanler, Ambiose W.
Clark. Fieeinnn Clarke. CoJlioth, Cole, Cravens, Cres-
vveil, Herny Winter !);u if, Dawson, Deming,Dng<rs, Eden,
Eldi nine, Eliot, Englis-h. Farm won h, Fen tort, Fmck, Gar-
field, (Jooch. Gilder, Gunnel), Gu&wold, Hale. Hall, Har-
rington, C'lnule- M. Hams, Ileuick. filthy, IIoopcj, Hotch-
ki^s, Asahel \V. Hubbaid, lltrlburd, Hutchm^, Jenckes,
Philip Johnson, William Johnson, Julian, Kalbflei^ch,
ivasson, Kelley. France W. Kellogg, Oilando Kellogg,
Keman, Kinij, Law, Laze.tr, Le Blond, Littlejohu, Long,
Lon?year, Marey, MeAlli-tei, MeBnde, McChmr, Mc-
Dowell, Mclndoe, Middleion, Samuel F. Miller, William
IJ. .Milh'i, Mooi head, JMor rill, Dame! Morn-:, James It. Mor-
ris, Moni-on, Leouaid Myers, .Noble, Charlc - O'Neill, John
O'Neill, Onh, l\uter>oii, Pendlcto.i, Pethatn. I'env, Pike,
Pouieioy, Pitce, William II, iUnd.ill, Alexander If. Rice,
John II. Rice, Edwnd H. B-dlutf, Ro^, ^ehenckj^cofleUl,
Scott, Shannon, Sloan, Smith, Snntheis, Spnldrng, John
B. Steele, Steven^, Sweat, Thomas, Tracy, Upson, Voor-
hees, VVad-vvorth, William B. Washburne, Whaley,
\Vheelor, Joseph W White, Wilder, Wilson, Windum,
Feinando Wood, and Woocib'ruige— l'J8.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Dtuing the voli-call, |
Mr. MOORIIEAD stated that his colleague, [
Mr. Williams, was paited with his other col- j
league, Mr. SrROtJSE. j
Mr. POMEROY suited that his colleague, Mr.
Van Valkenburgh, was paired witliMr. Mal-
lory.
'I'he vote was announced as above recorded.
The question recurred on the first resolution
reported by the Committee of Elections, on which
the yeas and nays had been ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 59, nays 71; as follows:
YEAS—Me&srs. William T. Allen, Ancona, Augustus C.
Baldwin, Baxter, Jacob B. Blair, Bli->s, Brooks, James S. (
Brown, Chanler, Clay, Coffroth, Cravens, Dawson, Fden, ;
Edgenort,Eldridgc, English,Fmck, Gnder, Gri*\vnld, Hall, i
Harding, Harrington, Benjamin G. Harris, Charles M.
Harris, Herrick, Hutchins, Philip Johnson, William John-
son, Kalbflei?ch, Kcrnan, Law, Le Blond. Long, Marey,
McAlhstei, McDowell, McKmney, Middleton, William
H. Miller, James R. Morris, Morrison, Noble, John O'Neill,
Pendleton, Pruyn, William H. Randall, Robinson, Ross,
Scott, John B. Steele, Stiles, Stuart, Thomas, Voorhecs,
Wadsworth, Webster, VViieeler, and Fernando Wood—59.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, Arnold, Ash-
ley, John D. Baldwin, Beaman, Boutwell, Boyd, Bioontall,
Ambrose W. Clark, Cole, Creswell, Henry Waiter Davis,
Deming, Driggs, Eliot, Farnswoith, Fenton, Garfield,
Gooelr, Grmnell, Hale, Higby, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Asahel •
W. Hubbard, Hulburd, Jcnckcs, Julran, Kasaon, Kclley,
Francis W. Kellogg, Orlando Kelloiar,LittlPiohn,Longyear,
McBride, McClurg, Mclndoe, Samuel F. Miller, Moorhead,
Morrill, Darnel Morris, Amos Myers, Leonaid Myers,
Charles O'Neill, Orth, Patterson, Perham, Pike, Pomeroy,
Price, Alexander H. Rice, John II. Rice, Edward II. Rollins,
Schenck, Scofield, Shannon, Sloan, Smith, Smithers,
Spalding, Stevens, Tracy, Upvm, William B. Washburn,
Whaley, Wilder, Wilson, Windom, and Woodbndge—71.
So the resolution was not agreed to.
During the roll-call,
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, stated
that his colleague, Mr. Dawes, had been called
home by unavoidable business, and had informed
him that he was paired off with Mr. Julian.
Mr. JULIAN. Mr. Speaker, I ought to have
said when my name was callcd that I was paired
with Mr. Dawes on last Friday and Saturday
during my absence at Annapolis. The pair was
limited by me to these two days, butMr. Dawes,
it seems, understands me to be paired on this
question generally. He is mistaken in this, as
I expressly confined the arrangement to the two
days named. I therefore vote on the question
pending.
Mr. L. MYERS stated that his colleague, Mr.
Thayer, was paired off with Mr. Rogers.
Mr. STEELE, of New York, stated that Mr.
Steele, of New Jersey, was paired off with Mr.
Blow.
Mr. PERRY stated that he was paired off with
Mr. Frank.
Mr. SWEAT stated that he was paired off
with Mr. Blaine.
Mr. ASHLEY stated that his colleague, Mr.
Eckley. was paited off with his other colleague,
Mr. J. W. White; that Mr. Do.vnelly was
paired off with Mr. Chilton A. White; and
that Mr. Holman was paired off* with Mr. Du-
m0nt.
Mr. FARNSWORTH stated that his colleague,
Mr. Washburne, was paired off with his other
colleague, Mr. Knapp.
Mr. ASHLEY stated that he had been asked
by Mr. Gaxson to get him a pair, and he had
paired him off with Mr. Marvin, who had gone
home.
The vote was then announced as above re-
corded.
Mr. UPSON moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution had been rejected; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The question then recurred on the following
resolution; which was read ,considercd, and agreed
to:
Resohcd, That John P. Bruce w not entitled to a &e<it in
this House as a Representative from the seventh conces-
sional district of Missotui.
Mr. UPSON moved to reconsider the vote by
which the last resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DISPATCH FROM GENERAL BUTLER.
The SPEAKER laid before the Plouse the fol-
lowing dispatch, which he had received from the
Secretary of War:
Headquarters in the Field,
Near Bkk.uuda La>ding, May y, 1364.
Hon. Edwin M. Stamon, Secretary of Wai:
Our operations may be summed tip rn a few woids.
With seventeen hundred cavalry we have advanced up
the Peninsula, forced the Chiokahominv, and have r-afely
brought thrill to our presets position. Tlrece were colored
cavalry, and are now holding our advanced pickets to wai d
Richmond.
General Kautz, with three thousand cavalry from Suf-
folk, on (Ire same day with our movement up Jame> river,
forced the Black water, burued the railroad budge at Stony
creek, below Peteisburg, cutting in two Beam eg;n d-'s force
at that point.
We have landed here, mtrenohi-d ourselves, destiover!
many mile* of raihoad, and got a position winch, with
propei MippJlcs,wn can holdmit against the whole of .Lee's
arittv. i have ordered up the ^upplies.
