THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 2%
The question
is on the muiion of the Senator from Illinois to
ref**r the joint resolution to the Committee on
Claims.
The motion was not agreed to.
The jointresoiution was «>rdorcd lou third read-
ing* and was read the third time.
Mr, TRUMBULL. 1 ahk fur the yeas urid
nays on the passage of the joint resolution.
The yeas and nays woic ordered; arid being
taken, resulted—yeas 29, nays 3; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Ruokalow, Carlile. Clark, Col-
lamer, Couness, Cowan, Davis, Dixon, Foot, Foster, Har-
ris, Hendricks, i>anoor Indiana, Lime of Kansas, McDou-
gall, Morgan,Morrill, Nesmith, Powofl,l{icliard^on, Sauls-
bury, Sherman,- Sprague, Sumner, Ton Eyok, Wade, WiJ-
ley,and Wilson—39.
NAYS—Messrs. Doolittle, Harlan, and Titunlmll—3.
ABSRNT — Messrs- Hrovvn, Chandler, l-'e^entlen,
Grimes,Hale,Harding, Hendeison, Hiek% Ilowaid, Howe,
Johnson, I'omeroy, Ramsey, Riddle, Van Winkle, Wilkin-
son, and W right—17.
So the bill was passed.
POST ROUTE BILL.
Mr. COLLAMER. I am directed by the Com-
.mittec on Post Offices and Post Roads, to whom
was referred the bill (H. II. No. 532) to estab-
lish certain post roads, to report it hack to the
Senate with vaiiousamendmem.s for the establish-
ment of.addttional routes. I do not know whether
fontlemon would desiro to have them printed.
f there is no desire of that kind, as the commit-
tee propose to .insert all the routes which have
been applied for which aic not already post roads
or are not already in the bill, the amendments may
as well be acted upon now, and the bill disposed
of.
Mr. SUMNER. I should notthink it wasne-
cessnty to print them.
Mr. WILSON. We can net upon the bill at
once, and concur in the report of the committee.
Mr. COLLAMER. Then 1 ask for ihe present
consideration of the bill, and 1 will move that the
amendments reported from ihe committee be con-
curred m.
Tl«rc being no objection, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill.
Mr. WILSON. I suggest that it is not neces-
sary to read the bill or the amendments. It is a
very plain bill, and wo know precisely what it is
and what it contains. 1 think we had better con-
cur in the amendments wuhouuending them,and
pass the bill.
Mr. COLLAMER. The bill and the amend-
ments ielate to nothing but pout mutes,
Tlie PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reading
will be dispensed with, if there be no objection.
The question will be on agreeing to the amend-
ments reported by the Committee on Post Officcs
and Post Roads.
The amendments were agieed Lo.
The bill W83 ioported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in and or-
deied to be engrossed, and the bill to he read a
third time, h was read the third time,and passed.
PAYMENT FOR CAPTURED HOUSES,
Mr. WILSON. 1 am directed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia, to
whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 545) to
amend an act entitled "An actio provide for the
payment of horses and other property destroyed
in the military service of the United States," to
report it back without amendment and recom-
mend its passage. The bill contains but one brief
section, and I should like to have it acted upon
now if there be no objection.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill, which provides that the act to which it is
an amendment shall, from the commencement of
the present rebellion, extend to and embrace all
cases of the loss of horses by any officer, non-
commissioned officer, or private, in the military
service of the United States, while in the line of
their duty in such service, by capture by the
enemy, whenever it shall appear that such officer,
non-commissioned officer, or private was or shall
be ordered by his superior officer to surrender to
the enemy, and such capture was or shall be
made in pursuance of such surrender.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
WESTERN MILITARY CLAIMS.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Finance, to whom was rcfened the
joint resolution (H. R. No. 87) amendatory of
an act to provide for the deficiency in the ap-
propriation for the pav of officers arid men actu-
ally employed in the Western department or de-
partment of Missouri, to report it back without
amendment and with a recommendation that it
pass; and as it will take but a moment I ask for
it& present consideration.
Theie being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the joint resolution. It provides that when any
person o'r persons holdingany powerof attorney
or assignment executed subsequent to August 16,
1863, and nuor to January 22, 1864, for the sum
ail judged due to any officer or soldier by the com-
missiouets appointed under joint resolution ap-
pioved Fi binary 16, 1863, shall have paid any
money to any officer or soldier on the faith of
such power of attorney or assignment, the pay-
master appointed to disburse the funds appro-
priated by the act approved January. 22, 1864, to
ptovide for the deficiency in the appropriation for
the pay of officcisand men actually employed in
the Western dcpaitmrnt or department of Mis-
.souii, shall be authouzed and directed to pay to
such person or persons the amount thus paid to
any officer or soldier, upon such attorney or as-
signee making and filing an affidavit to the effect
that the amount was actually paid to the officer or
soldier, and upon the paymaster being satisfied
that the amount was actually paid; and the amount
paid such attorney or assignee under this resolu-
tion is to be deducted from the amount due the
officer or soldier,anything in any previous action
of Congress to the contrary notwithstanding.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, oidered to a third reading,
read the third time, and passed.
ALEXANDER CROSS.
Mr. WADE. I move that the Senate take up
House joint resolution No. 39.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution (H. R. No. 39) for the
relief of Alexander Cioss.
Alexander Cross heietofore filed his petition in
the Court of Claims of the United States, pray-
ing relief on account of certain rents alleged to
be duo fiom the United States to him as assignee
of one Daniel Sallarans, by virtue of certain al-
leged contract of lease between Saffarans (who is
now deceased) and the United States; and the
Couit of Claims, on the 24th of January, 1859,
icmleied a decision adverse to the prayer of ihe
petition, on the sole ground of an alleged techni-
cal defect in the assignment of the lease from
Saffarans to the petitioner. The joint resolution
therefore proposes to rrvuand the cause to the
Court of Claims for a further hearing, upon the
testimony heretofore filed therein, and such fur-
ther testimony as either party may take and file
pursuant to the rules of the court; and if, upon
the further hearing of the cause, it shall appear
ill at the petitioner is the equitable owner of the
lease, and in justice and  quity entitled to the
rents (if any) due thereon from the United States,
the court is to be authorized to render judgment
therefor in his favor, notwithstanding any techni-
cal defect in the assignment of the lease.
The CommtUee on Claims reported the joint
resolution with an amendment to add the follow-
ing proviso:
Provided, That no money >hall be paid out of the Treas-
iny upon any judgment winch may by rendered in favor
of this petitioner in «atd until he shall have filed with
tlm Seeietaiy of the Tieasnry a bond, with ample seeu-
nty, iii Mich sum as will fully indemnity the United States
against any demand which may be set up and established
by or on behalf of the heirs or repiesentatives of the said
Daniel Satf.uans, deceased, under or by virtue of said con-
ti.ict o  Jca*e.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
cidis up the special order of the dayat this hour,
being the unfinished business of yesterday, House
bill No. 619.
Mr. WADE. I hope that will be informally
passed over to enable us to take the question on
this resolution, it will take but a moment.
Mr. SUMNER. I have no objection to the
order being passed.over informally to accommo-
date my friend.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The/Chafr
hears no objection to continuing the considera-
tion of the resolution which has been before the
Senate. The question is on the amendment re-
ported from the Committee on Claims.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was repotted to the Senate
as amended, and the amendment was concurred
in and ordered to be engrossed. The resolution
was ordered to be read a third time; and it was
read the third time, and passed.
MESSAGlfi FROM THE HOUSK.
A message from theHouse of Representatives,
by Mr. McPiierson, its Clerk, announced that
the House had disagreed to the amendments of
the Senate to the bill of the House (No. 495) to
amend the chartpr of Lhe Washington and George-
town Railroad Company, asked a conference on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon,
and had appointed Mr. Steele of New Yotk,
Mr. Price of Iowa, and Mr. Wasiiburne of Illi-
nois, managers at the same on its part.
The message also announced that the House of
Representatives had agreed t^the amendment of
the Senate to the amendment of the House to the
bill (S. No. 26) to provide for the public instruc-
tion of youth in the county of Washington, Dis-
trict of Columbia.
The message also announced that the House
of Representatives had passed a bill (No. 550) to
establish Colfax street in the city of Washing-
ton and District of Columbia; m which it re-
quested the concurrence of the Senate.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
followingenrolled bills; which thereupon received
the signature of the President pro tempore of the
Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 240) making appropriations
for the cunentand contingent expenses of the
Indian department, and for fulfilling tieaty stipu-
lations with various Indian tribes for the year end-
ing June 30, 1865, and fon*o{her purposes; and
A bill (II. R. No. 434) to authorize the bailiff
of the orphans* court in the county of Washing-
ton and District of Columbia to serve processes
issued by said court, and for other purposes.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
The message furtherannounced that the Presi-
dent of ihe United States had approved and signed
on the 20th instant the following bills and joint
resolution:
A bill (H. R. No. 40) making appropriations
for the consular and diplomatic expenses of the
Government for the year ending 30th June, 1865,
and for other purposen;
A bill (H. R. No. 179) concerning lands in the
State of California;
A bill (H, R. No. 217) to confirm certain en-
tries of land in the State of Missouri;
A bill (H. R. No. 227) granting lands to the
State of Michigan for the construction of certain
wagon roads for military and postal purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 290) for the relief of Rhoda
Wolcott, widow of Henry Wolcott;
A bill (H. It. No. 356) requiring proof of pay-
ment ofduties on foreign salt befoie payment of
the allowances provided for by the acts of July
29, 1833, and March 3, 1819;
A bill (H. R. No. 486) to amend an act entitled
"An act lo provide a temporary government for
the Territory of Idaho," approved March 3,1863;
A bill (H. R. No. 504) to authorize the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to sell the marine hospital
and grounds at Chicago, Illinois, and to purchase
a new site and build a new hospital;
A bill (II. R. No. 513) to detach the counties
of Calhoun and Branch from the western judicial
district, and annex the same to the eastern dis-
trict of the State of Michigan;
A bill (H. R. No. 521) to amend an act enti-
tled "An actto provide forthe claims of Peruvian
citizens under the convention between the United
States and Peru of the 12th of January, 1863 "
approved June 1, 1864; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 47) for the relief
of Rev. W. B. Matchett.
WASHINGTON AND GEORGETOWN RAILROAD.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill of the House (No* 495) to amend
