192
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13.
the rebellion who desire to return to their loyalty.
Shall they be encouraged to it or shall an im-
pediment be thrown in their way? There are
njany more who have never abandoned their love
for the Union though at times they had to hide
that love as a profound secret to avoid violence.
Shali they be encouraged or shgdl an additional
restriction be thrown m their way by their own
Government? It is not too much to say that a
vast majority of the Union men of the South have
been conscientiously opposed to the proclamation
and acts of emancipation. Yet they are now re-
quired to swear to support them before they can
participate in the affairs of a State government.
Iiayitig; fought the rebellion or hidden in the
swamps and mountains to avoid its conscriptions
they would hesitate to take an oath which many
of them would construe to be moral perjury.
The requirement is hard.
Moreover, many men at the South stand in mor-
tal fear of the powers of the rebellion, and many
men on this floor would do the same thing under
the same circumstances. I rather think I would
dread it, with ail my conservatism. Those people
have seen and felt its vindictiveness. They have
seen that the fortunes of war are uncertain; that
their persons and homes may one week be in pos-
session of the Union forces and the next week m
possession of the rebels. Like other men, they
love life, and if they do not love their property,
they at least need it for their families. Shall we
require them to put on rccord an oath that makes
them the registered enemies of that posver, on a
question and in a manner and form that would
leave them less hone for quarter than the armed
soldier in the field ? It is believed they will not doit.
A reverse of war would insure their destruction.
A vast majority of the Union men of the South and
tired rebels would acquiesce in any State govern-
ment that is loyal to the Union, and abide by any
decision of the Supireme Court about the eflect of
the proclamations and statutes affecting slavery,
and enough of them would consent to take posi-
tions to put the machinery of government in mo-
tion, but we will not soon find a tenth of the voting
population of any State come foi ward and register
an oath on the subject. I doubt whether the few
who believe in these measures would do it.
1 do not quite see where all the power comes
from to do tins thing. It is not a military order
nor a military measure. Jt concerns the civil gov-
ernment of States, of which the Preside nt is not
an officer. It prescribes qualifications of electors
unknown to the Constitution, and contrary to
those fixed by the Constitution. True, it is only
applicable to those who wore voters under the
State constitution, but it fixes new qualifications
for these. If the Executive can do this because
a part of the people of a State have done a crime,
it is difficult to define what he may not do. If it
be viewed as a question of ihe admission of new
States into the Union, (which idea I wholly 11-
ject,) that is a matter with Congress, and not the
President.
It is hotter to separate the two ideas of pardon
and State citizenship. The difference is funda-
mental in our institutions. The man is a citizen
of two governments, (he State for one set of pur-
poses and duties, and the nation for another. If
he has sinned against the nation, pardon him or
punish him as you like, or as public safety de-
mands. If the same tiling has been made a sin
against the State, as in some cases in Kentucky,
that is a matter between him and his State. VVo
deal with him as a citizen of ihe nation. His ca-
pacity to participate in his State government is a
question between him and his State,subject only
to the rule that his arts, in the form of constitu-
tion and laws, must be compatible with the "su-
preme law of the land." Nor does such a par-
ticipation in a loyal State government relieve him,
in any legal sense, of the pains and penalties of
treason against the nation; I would say, how-
ever, it would be a strong consideration in the
question of pardon or amnesty. And this is the
meaning of the resolutions 1 offer to the effect that
participation in a loyal State government, or sub-
mission to it, is sufficient evidence or test of loy-
alty for that purpose^ and that loyal citizens (loyal
to the nation) will be protected every where. The
protection of present loyalty does not legally re-
lieve or shield the citizen from punishment for
past offenses, but I undeitake to say that in the
settlement of this matter a return in good faith to
loyalty will save the past in all but a few out-
rageous cases, where public safety and public sen-
timent alike demand punishment. The bc-stproof
and the most natural manifestation of a return to
loyalty is to engage in the affairs of a loyal State
government. This is what I would encourage.
This is what I fear the President's plan "vfrill
retard.
It is admitted Congtess may receive members
from the disaffected States regardless of the terms
of the proclamation. Howisthis? The Consti-
tution defines the qualifications of electors of Rep-
resentatives in Congress to be the same as is re-
quired in electors of the most numerous branch
of the State Legislature. The President practi-
cally fixes the latter, for at least one election, by
his proclamation. If the requirement be valid, no
elector can vote either for a legislator or a Con-
gressman until he has complied, and yet this House
may admit a member not thus elected. That is
not consistent. Itis hard to be consistent in times
of great convulsion. We cannot be technical and
bo wise in the midst of a revolution. I think my
plan is more consistent with itself and with the
Constitution than the President's. But I will not
be outdone in magnanimity. I will say the sug-
gestion of my own plan shall not preclude the pos-
sibility of my supporting any other. Iam too anx-
ious for restoration to stickle about the form of the
plan, so its spirit be in harmony with the theory
of our system of Government. That system is
harmonious and adapted to any emergency that
lias yet occurred. The"proclamatum is neither
consistent with that system or with itself. Un-
der it a State, or the people thereof, may have a
full delegation in Congress and yet be without a
State government because of their unwillingness
to comply with the terms proscribed. This would
be anomalous and not useful. The President yields
the whole ground, as a law question, when he ad-
mits his terms may be disiogprded by Congress
and the judges, if Congress may repeal the law,
or the Supreme Court declare null and void the
law or the proclamation required to he supported,
it was not only idle for him to do what he has,
but it were better it had not been done, because
it throws impediments in the way of some, and
because it has an unpleasant savor of executive
power. If the matter i ests at last with Congress
and the courts, we had as well let it begin there.
I would say that slaves once freed will not be
remanded to bondage; but whether freedom has
been acquired and the master's rights divested is
a legal and not a political question; and the opin-
ion of a citizen on this legal question is one which
in nowise concerns his capacity or legal qualifica-
tions for administering a State government. Let
him have his Slate government if he will have a
loyal one, and let the slave have his freedom or
not as the judge says is the law of the case.
The resolutions i have submitted embrace my
theoi y of our Government, and of the proper treat-
ment of the existing rebellion, and of the mode of
restoring the Union. They are based on princi-
ples of constitutional law that have been much
discussed pro and cow., sometimes ably,sometimes
aeutt.ly, and sometimes foolishly, since the foi m-
ation of the Government. Touching some of the
great and vital questions of law, I will state prin-
ciples and deductions rather than the aiguments,
by which they are sustained. These principles
and conclusions will fairly sustain the lesolutions
1 have offered,and condemn the plan of territoiial
governments for the people of several of the States
of this Union, based on the theory of State sui-
cide, and will exclude the power of any depart-
ment of the Government (1 speak not now of a
constitutional convention) to prescribe terms for
the rcudmission, as it is called, of any State into
the Union. I will be careful to state principles
so clear or so well established that few gentlemen,
if any, on this floor will ventuie to deny them. I
will go further,and show that the theory I assail
is at bottom based on the validity of secession.
An ordinance of secession, either as the action
of a State government or of the officials for the
time being of that State, or as the act of the peo-
ple of that State assembled m what is called a
" sovereignty convention," is either legal or not
legal, i hold that in any foim and coming f;om
any source it is illegal, null and void. If it be,
as a law or ordinance, null and void, then it can-1
not, as such and of itself, affect the relations or
the State or the people of that State to the Union.
Such effect, if any has been produced, must be
looked for outside of the ordinance. There is
nothing else to look to but the violence of the in-
surrection put forth to sustain the ordinance. But
if that was void the violence to sustain it was a
crime, at least an act not justified by it. Its legal
character not being changed by the void ordinance,
and being a personal and not a corporate act, the
violence could not, in legal contemplation, affect
the relations between the Government and the
State or its citizens. It may have suspended for
a time the harmonious or amicable action of the
system, and especially of the State governments,
as members of the Union, (if they are to be so
considered,) but the same reasoning which shows
that this violence amounts to State suicide would
show with equal clearness a destruction, pro tantot
of the general or national Government within the
same limits; for the same thing has happened to
it that was done to the State government—violence.
I hold the Government, both in its origin and
operations, to be one of persons and not of States.
A Government of, or for, or overStates, is a sole-
cism; and if the term States embodies the idea
of sovereignty, even over a limited range of sub-
jects, such a Government is an impossibility. One
soveieignty under the control of another sover-
eignty, is a thought not very well explained by
those who have urged it in defense of "State
rights." It is as stiange they have not seen that
such a system would be the tomb of all State rights
as that another party have not seen that their the-
ory that void secession amounts to State suicide
does really admit the validity of secession. For this
term suicide or abdication has been invented, not
to denotetfhat all State government there is detid
—forthey palpably have a State government there,
after a fashion—but to express that the State is
dead as to the Union,and therefore the Union may
establish a territorial government. If dead, what
killed it? Not the ordinance, surely, else it was
a valid secession. Armed violence suspended its
operation, but so did it suspend the civil opera-
tions of the national Government within the same
limits. The argument of de facto based on force,
is as fatal to one Government as the other. Dis-
ease or foreign substance suspends the normal
functions of the bodily organs—medicine or the
kmfe removes the disturbing causes and the func-
tions of health are resumed. If argument or the
sword of the Government can remove rebellion
fiom the limits of the States, the present abnor-
mal condition is overcome and gives way, and the
normal functions of " a loyal State government,"
ns it is called, are resumed as of right by loyal
citizens. The idea that interregnum is death is
contradicted by all history, by all good reason,
and foj the public necessities of the case.
Treason or rebellion is a personal act, and not
the act of aState or body-politic. Then the effect
of the act, or the effect and opeiatiun of the law
upon those who commit it, must be personal and
not aggregate or corporate—not oven political.
It is too late to argue the constitutional right of
secession, either State or personal. The argu-
ment has been transferred from this Hall to Bull
Run, Fiedericksburg, Ohicknhomm y, Antietam,
Vicksburg, Stone lltver, Gettysburg, Chicka-
mauga,and Missionllidge. Butasthe warwould
be acnmc if secession were a right, 1 may be per-
muted to state some of the results of argument or
pnnciples of law upon which my resolutions are
founded. Ouhnanct s of secession b< ing null and
void ab initio, the subsequent illegal force of the
rebellion did not impart to them any validity;
and being void they did not of themselves alter,
or in any way affect, the relations between any
State, or the people thereof, and the United States.
The actual force of insurrection did not dissolve
the relations between the Government and citi-
zens in rebellion, but only altered their present
attitude toward each other. The duty of alle-
giance and obedience remains to the rebel, and the
n;;ht to compel him remains to the Government;
else a man or a whole community may at option
become aliens by first becoming lobels. I say
the relation is not dissolved though the attitude
is altered. Allegiance and protection are said to
be reciprocal. When the offense of rebellion is
substituted for the duty of allegiance, the right to
punish takes the place of the duty of protection.
But the relation between citizen and Government
is not sundered, else the right of punishment
would be gone.
