1238
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 22,
speak of the proceedings in committee; but in-
formal conversations «.is to tiic assent or tfussunt
of any particular member of the committee, us
stated by him to any member, may of course be
referred to.
Mr. ROGERS. I was stating my information
obtained from a member when riot m committee,
and the vote will show, upon the final passage of
'the bill, that several of the committee will not
support it.
, Mr. SCHENCK. Then I will so far interrupt
the gentleman as to say that this report was un-
derstood to be assented to by every member of the
committee; and [ ask now tliut the gentleman who
gave different information be named. [Cries of
"Order!" "Order!"]
Mr. XIOGERS. I was proceeding to say that
at a time when there was no railroad to New
York, and no means of reaching that city by rail-
road communication from any point of this Union,
the Legislature of New Jersey, in 1830, chartered
the Camden and Amboy Railroad and Transpor-
tation Company for the purpose of constructing
a railroad from Camden to Amboy, and thus by
water make a through line from Philadelphia to
New Yoik. At that time it was supposed that
the investment would be a hazardous one, and it
was with the gieatest difficulty that capitalists
could be induced to invest their means in the un-
dertaking, and on that account the Legislature
of New Jersey bound themselves that if the com-
pany would build this road from Philadelphia to
New York, during the time the charter lasted,
which will expire in 1SG9, they would authorize
noothercorporation to compete with them in the
tlnough business between New Voi k and Phila-
delphia, and it was only because of the*e exclu-
sive privileges given to the corporation that this
company established tins r.nlroml communication
between the two great cities, which was one of
the fust railroads ever established in tint: coun-
try.
Its charter provided that in Unity years from
the completion of the ioad the Hiate miylit take
it, at its appraised value, and (hat the company
should pay, m hen of all otiier taxes, ten cents
for each passenger and lifreen cent* for each ton
of merchandise transposed on the road,and pro-
vided that if the .State should authorize the con-
struction of any other railroad for the transporta-
tion ot passengers across the Slate fiom New
Yoik to Philadelphia, within linee miles of i)h>
teimini of the said company \s rotul, tlie tax should
cease.
T,y a supplement passed Febiuary \, JW31, the
tax was limited to passeugws and goods nans-
ported from the Delawaie to the Rutitan. The
company at that time, deeming the investment
doubtful, were unwillin<> to he bound to pay taxes
beyond what would be a fair ratio on the amount
of business transacted. It is charged upon the
State ot New Jersey thut she taxes the citizensof
other btutrs who tiavel over her territory. The
charge is false." It is immaterial whether the
paxsengei he a citizen ot New York or Pennsyl-
vania *, whether he gets on the eais at Camden or
Bordcniown. She never taxed the pasvngeiN
one cent for crossing the State, and only adopted
that mode of taxing the business of the road.
Each State ha<? its own mode and manner of tax-
ing Us eoiporutions. The, company have to pay
this tax upon all passengets that nde from Bor-
dentown, ui New Jersey, on the Delaware, to the
Raritan, whether theyumie from Philadelphia or
Now York, or aie citizens of the State. Thine
is no discrimination m taxing the company,
whether the passengeis go across the whole State
or not, whether they me Jerseymen or citizens
of another State. It ifj a tax simply upon the
business of the road, upon the same punciplc of 1
our internal revenue act.
On the 15th of Febiuary, 1831, tlse Camden and
Amboy Rrifroad Company,and the Delawaie and
Raritan Cenal Company, both of whose charters
were giant-'d at the same time, were consolidated
into one company, and the tare between Philadel-
phia and New York was limited to three dollars,
which is less than is dunged upon most uf the
roads of the Siate, and upon the toads between
here and Philadelphia. It isa Uioit road, and had
sixty-six miles of railroad anil tinny miles of
water communication; the whole unite being only
about three cents a mile, which is ics s than any
Railroad of that chort distance charged. The ex-
pense of running a short road is much more in
proportion than a long road; hence the New York
Central or Erie railroad can afford to run for a
less price per mile than a short road.
In IS32 the joint companies were authorized to
transfer to the State one thousand shares of stock
in addition to the same amount previously given,
and were to guaranty that the transit duty and
the dividends on such stock should amount to
$30,000 annually, and the act declared that it
should not be lawful at any time during the rail-
road charter to construct any other railroad in the
State without the consent of the said companies,
which should be intended or used for the trans-
portation of passengers or merchandise between
the cities of New York and Philadelphia.
In 1837, the Legislature of New Jersey char-
tered another railroad by authorizing the joint com-
panies to construct a branch railroad from New
Brunswick to Trenton and Uordento\vn,thus con-
necting the New Jersey railroad, which runs from
Jersey City to New Brunswick, with the Phila-
delphia and Trenton railroad at Trenton and the
Camden and Amboy at Hordentown, thus making
a new line of communication between New York
and Philadelphia independent of the Camden and
Amboy line, in 1852, the Legislature of New Jer-
sey chartered another railroad, which is one of the
roads that arc now asking for these special priv-
ileges. It authorized the Camden and Atlantic
Railroad Company to build a railroad from Cam-
den to Absecom inlet, now Atlantic City, for the
purpose of doing local business between those
two points. The Legislature afterwards, in 1854,
chartered another railroad company, the Raritan
and Delawaie Bay railroad, (the other line named
m this bill,) to construct a road from some suita-
ble point on Raritan hay east of the village of Key-
port, in the county of Monmouth, by the way of
certain designated places, to Cape Island, on the
Atlantic ocean, lor the purpose of doing local
business between these two particular points.
The charters of these roads weie subject to the
chai ter ofilie Camden and Amboy railroad. These
loads when they accepted their charter knew that
they had no right to compete in business with the
joint companies,and they took theirelmiters with
full knowledge of the exclusive privileges granted
by the State to the joint companies.
After thus taking their charters, they comehere
to Congress and ask Representatives from Ohio,
fiom Now Yoik, mid other States, men of the
East and men of the West, to tiample upon the
laws of the State of New Jersey, to ti ample upon
the decisions of he i courts, to destroy hei domestic
lailroad communications, and [dace them under
I lie sole jurisdiction of the dinted States. When
the Raiitan and Delaware Railroad Company
were about completing their road they wrote a
letter to the Camden and Amboy Railroad Com-
pany, making proposals m which they admit they
could not go to Camden without the consent of
the joint, companies. Are the Representatives of
the eastern , middle, border, or western States will-
ing to open such a door to ftaud, and let it walk
foith m bold and undisturbed impunity?
These loads were chartered in 185^ and 1854.
Seven years after the last charter, m lfc>61, these
two companies entered into a joint contract to
connect their roads, so as to make a through route
Horn New York to Philadelphia,and one of them,
the Ilautan and Delawaie Bay Company, began
to build a branch road fiom Atsion to Jackson,
where it, connects with the Camden and Atlantic
railroad, for which they had no light at all in
their ch.u ter. The Camden and Amboy Railroad
Company and the Delaware and Raritan'Canal
Company, believing that the object of this was
to do a tlnou^fh business be ween Philadelphia and
New York, and thus interfere with their vested
nghts, in July, 1862, filed a bill of complaint in
the court of chancery of New Jersey against them
for an injunction to restrain the intended con-
nection, alleging it to be illegal, an invasion of
their rights, undertaken in bad faith and with the
intention to use them for transpoitation of pas-
sengeis or freight fiom New York to Philadel-
phia. That bill was answered under the solemn
oaths of the pi esidents and dn ectors of these two .
railroad companies They declared before God, .
and on their solemn oaths in the high court of
| chancery of New Jersey, that they had no inten-
tion of connecting their roads for the purpose of
I doing through business. I now read from the
opinion of the chancellor in that case to show
to what they swore:
« They also deny Unit they intend in any wny to violate
the chaitered lights of the complainants, or that they intend
during their existence to violate any of the all?zed. exclusive
pTHtlczesof the complainants. And the defendants, all and
each ot them, declare that it is not and never has been their
intention, by the construction of tbeir raihoad, or us con-
nections with the Camden and Atlantic railroad, or other-
wise, to interfere with the complainants' chartered rights
bv competing with the railroad of the complainant* by the
transportation of passengers or merchandise between the
cities* of New York and Philadelphia or otherwise."—
Pago 5.
The chancellor decided that because the com-
panies had sworn that they were simply making
this connection for the purpose of doing local
business, which they had a right to do, the ap-
plication for the injunction must be denied, and
the joint companies were turned out of court.
After this decision was made, they proceeded
to finish their road and connecting branch, and
used every means to attract the freight business
between New York and Philadelphia over their
line, and began to carry freight and passengers
through from city to city.
The joint companies then filed a supplemental
bill charging the facts and demanding the inter-
position of the court.
The Raritan and Delaware Ray Company pro-
cured their connection with Philadelphia by bad
faith to the Camden and Amboy Company, and
avoided an injunction to prevent such connection
by deceiving the court, and swearing that they had
no intention to use the roads for through busi-
ness, while the contrary was their manifest intent.
In this case, upon the supplemental bill, the
chancellor decided that they had a right to do a
local business, but that they had no right to do a
through freight or passenger business between
Philadelphia and New York; and he granted a
perpetual injunction against them to prevent them
from doing a through business in the future. I
refer to the opinion of the chancellor to show how
much the oaths of these gentlemen are worth, and
that the law is clear upon the exclusive privileges
of the joint companies. They took a solemn oath
before the court and high Heaven, and after viola-
ting thatsolemn oath ask Congress to sustain them
in their perfidy. I read from the opinion of the
chancellor, to sustain the position that the contract
between the State and thejomtcompanies is a law-
ful and constitutional one:
"It diflicultto conceive of a more express engagement
on the jhiit of the Htatc, or of a clearer recognition of the
exchi-ive light-of the companion, than it contained in these
statutes. Whatever doubts maybe entertained as to the
com-truetion ot the contract, llano can be none as to the
tact ot making it.
^ 'I'li.it the engagement is not in the form of a contract
rendeis it none tin; les> obligatory. It is the form in winch
Hit; faith uf the State iss usually pledged, and in which con-
tracts with corporations, touching the eteieise of exclusive
fianchivea under legislative authority, are enteied into."
" The contiaet K founded upon a valuable consideration
paid by the companies.
" !t was made a* an inducement to puvate enterpiiseaml
privtin- e.ipttai to construct an nnpoitant highway lerjuhed
tor public travel ;itul the convenience of ennmieiee, and
winch it \va- incumbent upon the Ftate in its ,-oveieign ca-
paeity to provide eitlnn dneetly by its- own means or tin ough
the agency of otheifs." * * * * * ■*
"The existence and validity of the grant of exclusive
piivi!e«('s by the State to the complainants, wluch they ask
to be ptoreeted, aie s^atiMuciouly established."
"The complainants' right" are cicai and unquestioned.
They have been m the actual enjoyment of their franchise
tot lnoie than thnty ycar<w Tie- defendant by using or
peimirruiL' rheii loads to be used for the e-tabliJuuent of a
llnoutih route for the tran-poitation of freight and pa^en-
ceis. between the cities of New York and Philadelphia have
exceeded the powers cont'd red upon them and interfered
with the lights and the pioprrtyot the complainants. There
Is-nothing in the charters of the defendant coipoiation® or
<>{ eithei ol tliem winch cApic-isly ot bv unpl ication confeis
the powei of establish nig sneliioute or the tranelusr of tak-
ing tolls thercorf. The Legislatuie cannot be piesumcd to
have intended or contemplated anvgtant inconsistent with
the nmmleptdesicn ofthe chaireiNofthedefendant-'. Wheth-
er the complainants' light* have been invaded bv a miftake
or a fiaudulent exercise of powci is immaterial. In either
event they ait: entitled to has e their i ialu?* protected and the
wrong suppressed The complainant- are entitled to an
injunction restraining the defendant*, from using or permit-
ting to be used their roads, or either ot them, tor the pur-
pose complained of, pursuant to the piayer of the supple-
mental lull."
It is a wdl-KNtlfd ruleof law that puhlicgrants
are to be construed strictly; and in cases of grants
of franchises by the public to a private corpora-
tion, any ambiguity in the terms of the charter
must operate against the corporation and in favor
of the public. The corporate body can take
