1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the charter of the Washington and Georgetown
Railroad Company, disagreed to by the House of
Representatives; and
On motion of Mi. GRIMES, it was
Resolved, That the Senate* insist upon its amendments
to tlio said hill, di-agrecd to by the Hou«e of Rop'-e<enta-
tivfs. nwl  u iee to the eonfeience asked by the House on
the disagieein? vote> of the two Houses thcrecm.
Oracied) That the conferees on the part of the Senate
be appointed by the President pro tempore.
Tho PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed Mr.
Wade, Mr. Willey, and Mr. Riddle.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill (No. 550) to establish Colfax street
in the city of Washington and District of Colum-
bia was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia.
REPEAL OF FUGITIVE SLAVE f AWS.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
512) to repeal the fugitive slave act of 1850, and
all acts and parts of acts for the rendition of fugi-
tive slaves.
Mr. DAVIS addressed the Senate at some
length. [His speech will be published in the
Appendix ]
Mr. SAULSBURY. I move to strike out all
after the enacting clause of the bill, and to insert
the following:
That no peison held to seivice or labor in one State, tm-
dei the laws thereof, escaping into another,shall, in con-
sequence ol :my law or regulation therein, be dischaiged
from .sueh service or labor, but shall he deiiveied up on
claim of the paity to whom such service or labor may be
due; and Congress shall pats all neces^aiy and piopoi laws
lor the rendition of all such persons whoshall faO,a:s afore-
said, escape.
I asl for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SAULSBURY. It will be petceived that
my amend mem embodies simply the words of the
Constitution of the United States, with a decla-
ration that it is the duty of Congress to pass all
proper and necessary laws to carry the provision
of the Constitution into effect.
I have stated the substance of the amendment
that the country may again have an opportunity
to observe whether the Senate of the United States
is willing to affirm what unquestionably is in the
Constitution of the United States. We have been
told, sir, by the highest judicial authority of this
country, by no less a distinguished jurist than
Judge Story, in a celebrated case where the con-
stitutionality of the fugitive slave law was in-
volved, that this provision of the Constitution,
recited in my amendment, was one of the com-
promises of ihe instt ument, without the incorpo-
ration of which into the instrument the formation
of a Constitution for a Geneial Government, a
common Government between the Slates, would
have been impossible. Sir, from the very foun-
dation of the Government after the adoption of
the Constitution theie was nostatesman whoever
questioned that a faithful observance of this con-
stitutional requnement w,1s obligatory upon the
people of the United Sidles. As we have been
told this morning by the distinguished Senator
ftom Kentucky, it was adopted by the Federal
Convention without a dissenting voice. The men
who framed the Constitution, in 1793 passed an
act of Congress to carry this provision of the
Constitution into effect. That act met with the
approval of the Father of his Country. No one
of the men who were witnesses to the establish-
ment of the Government, or paiticipated in that
establishment, ever questioned either its validity
or its wisdom; and never until these modern days,
when it has been discovered, to ihe amazementof
thoughtful minds throughout the world, that the
ne<rro is not only the equal but a little better than
the white man, was the correctness of theirjudg-
ment called m question.
Sir, whence comes this spirit to demolish the
woik of the fathers? By what means is it that
men in these modern days have become so much
wiser than the fathers that they should now at-
tempt to do away with their work? Are the
statesmen of the present day mote deeply read in
the rnneiolcb of sound ^ivcuiiTiciit than were the
wbo^s* ibli^ied tins Gov <.rpmenl ? Sir, \v<>
ate but pigmies m comparison with giants, and
by such acts as these we only demonstrate that
" Pigmk-* are pigtmc? still, though perilled on Alp?."
But, sir, not only according to the political
views of the present day is it wise to do away
with nil the work of the great men who preceded
us, but we have—I had like to have said the au-
dacity—we have the presumption, sir, to publish
to the people of this country and to the world that
we are not only wiser but purer and better men;
that we have studied more deeply and more closely,
and I presume we would have it believed that we
practice more consistently, the teachings of the
divine code than the great, the good, and the wise
men who preceded us, and that George Wash-
ington and the men associated with him in revo-
lutionary times, and during the period in which
this Constitution was formed, were not the good
Christians that we of the present day are. Now,
sir, if we would believe what is t'o be met with in
every newspaper almost that has liberty to ox-
press its opinions, and if we would look in the
so-called religious conventions of the present day,
that which they approved is contrary to the word
of God. I put it to you, sir, and 1 put it to the
country, who believes, even viewing this ques-
tion in its religious aspect, that your religious
synods, conventions, gatherings of ministers,
have the same piety, the same reverence for God,
and the same respect for man that they had in the
early days of this Republic? Sir, I wish to at-
tack no religious denomination, no body ofclergy-
men, but if there are any class of men who since
the commencement of our troubles have done in-
jury to the country and disgraced their calling,
that class of men are the political preachers who,
instead of preaching Jesus Christ and J._Iim cru-
cified, arc preaching the equality of negroes with
white men. Such men might preach till dooms-
day, they would never convert a soul or get con-
verted themselves. If infidelity was branded on
their foreheads, and they had to go out among
the people with such a brand upon them, it would
suit them much better than to be agitatingm these
days of national trouble questions of which they
are profoundly ignorant, and to speak in refer-
ence to which God never commissioned them. I
allude, sir, simply to those gentlemen because
much of this sickly sentimentality in the land,
much of this disiegard of the true teachings of the
Hible, which they profess to expound, is owing
to their own teachings, and just in proportion as
they have forgotten the weightier matters of the
law do they deal m such things as abolitionism
and negro equality.
Mr. President, while it is not my intention to
detain the Senate with anything like a speech on
this subjcct, because the mind of every Senator
is made up, because the whole country under-
stands the question, I cannot forbear a further
remark. This measure is introduced under cir-
cumstances which show thai it is done simply foi
the purpose of keeping up a most unnecessaiy
and most profitless and a most injurious excite-
ment and agitation. There is noone, I presume,
that supposes it can have any effect whatever in
the States in tovolt. Jt certainly is not intended, j
at least at present, to operate upon those States, j
because if it is, we not being in possession of,
them would be pretty much like Satan was when
ho took the Saviour up on a high mount and
showed him all the kingdoms of the earth and
promised them to him if he would fall down and
worship him, when the old creature had not a
single foot of all the land he promised, it then
can only be supposed to operate within the botder '
States. Is there any practical use for its enact-
ment so far as those States are concerned? Is
there a single slave in one of those States thatcan-
not escapc if he chooses to do so? Have you
not, sir, through your military power, held out
every inducement that you could promise to tiiem
to leave their masters and to come and enjoy the
rich blessings of freedom? Have you returned
any of them to their masters? Have you not dis-
missed military officers because you suspected
them of a d is posit ion to do it ? Is there one slave
in all the bolder States or m the States- in revolt
who, if he does escape and goes into a freehtatfr,
i can under any circumstances bo possibly retui ned,
i! although these enactments may remain upon your
statute-book? No, sir. This intense love foi
;i universal fi eedom which seems to aniniat'' a very
j' considerable portion of the northern people, if not
1; the majority, secures perfect immunity ftom ai-
H rest and return of any fugitive who may escapc
11 from his master. *
Then, sir, why not be still inf-the troublous
times through which we arc now passing? Why
not wait until tranquillity and peaeeshall return, •
and then, with cool headsand calm judgmen^up?*!
ply yourselves to such legislation as the circum-
stances of the country,as they shall then exist,
may demand? Is it wise, I ask, tn times iike-i
these to be ignoring the fundamental- principles'
upon which your Government was established, ;
to be repealing those early statutfeB wblfth ,w«re
enacted by the great and the wise men who pre- .
ceded you ? Is it a time for you by your legmla*- •
tion to teach to the young men of the country '
who are just entering upon the theater of life that,
the men who laid the deep foundations :of,thia..
Government in the principles ofconstitutional lib--
crty were unfitted for their task, were inadequate
to the accomplishment of tho purposes which they,
intended ? Is it a time amid the throes of national-
disruption and revolution for us to sitin judgment*
upon the work ofthc fathers? It is presumption,
and nothing but presumption.
Tho question being token by yeas and nays, re-
sulted—yeas 9, nays 29; as follows:
YR<VJ?t—Messrs. Buckalcw, Carlile, Cowan, Davis, Me-"
Dougall, Powell, Riehatdson, Kiddle,and Saulsbury—9:
NAYS Messrs. Anthony, Bi own,Chandler, Claik, Con-
ner, Dixon, Foot, Grimes, Hale, Harlan. Hani*, Hicks,
Howard, Howe, Johnson, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kan-
sap, Morgan, Morrill, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Spiague, Sumner,
Tea Eyek, TrumbulJ, Van Winkle, Wade, Willey, and
WiNon—29.
ABSENT—Messrs.Coltomcr, DooHttle,Fe*scnde.n, Pos-
ter, Raiding, Henderson, Hendricks, Nesmith, Sh'erman,'-
Wilkinson, and Wright—11.
So the amendment was rejected.
M r. JOHNSON 1 move to amend the bill by
striking out after the word " that," in the third
line, the following words:
Sections three and four of an act entitled (l An act re-
speetiirj fugitives hom justice and peison* escaping from
the sei vice of then masters," passed Febiu;ny 12,1793, and.
So that the bill will read:
That an act entitled " An act to amend and supplement-
ary to the act entitled < An act respecting fugitives from
justice and ner.-ons escaping fioin the semce of their mas-
ters,'passed Fehruaty 12, J7U3," passed September 18,1850,
he, and the >Bttie is hereby, lepoaled.
The amendment, as the Senate will see, makes
this bill like the one that we passed after debute.
Mr. WILSON. I ask for the yeas and nays #
on that amendment.
The yeas and nays wore ordered.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I desne to say that upon
this bill, ond all peculiar propositions connected
wiih it, 1 have agreed to pair off with the Sena-
tor from Minnesota, [Mr. Wilkinson,] and there-
fore do not vote, he being m tavor of the meas*
ure and i against it.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I wish tosay thatj am
governed by the Constitution of the United States
and the laws passed under the Constitution, and
I shall govern myself accordingly in my votes.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 17, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—Messie. Bnckalew. Carlile, Cowan, Davis, Har-
ri*. Ilieks, Johnson, Lane of Indiana, McDougaW, Pow ell,
Rieiiard-son, Kiddle, tSaulsburj, Ten JEyck, i rumbull, Van
Winkle, and Willey—17.
NAYri —Mehsis. Antlionv, Btown, Chandler, Claik,
Conner, Dixon, Fessenden, Fool, Guinea, H.iie, limlan,
lieWiii(1, How*:, Lane ol Kansas, Moi g;ui, Moil ill, i 0|ri6*
iov, Hani-ey, bpra«ue, Sunuiei, Wade, and Wilson—22.
ABSENT—Mrssif>. Collamei, Dooiutle, toMei, Har-
ding, H 'ndei?on, Ilenducks, Nesnuih, Sherman, Wilkin-
son, aud Wnght—10.
So the amendment war rejected.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, and was
icad the third time.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were oidered; and beings
taken, resulted—yeas 27, nays 12; as follows; t ,
YE  Me->r-rr<. Anthony,Brown,Chandler,Claik, Co\i-;
i ne^ bi'xon. Fe.^enden, Foot, Grimes, Hale, Uaihiu, Him-,
II re- Iluks, Howaid, Howe. Lane ot'lndinna, Lane ot h.ati-
saV, Morgan. Mori ill, t'omeroj, Ramsey, Sprague,Suiufterr*
i Ten liyck.Tiunrlnill, Wade, and Witaon—Uf. ■
xAVrt—Me^rs-. iiiK k.ik-w.Oaililc,Cowan,Davi*,Jtrt n-
i >.on,' MeDougafl, powull, Kiehardaon, Riddle, Saulsbury,;
j! Van Winkle,and Willey—12. ,,^^4
1 ABSENT—.Mess-w Uollainei, Doohttlc, Foster, Ilar<Hii&
Uundu.-oii, IKmlueks, Nesuuth, Sherman, Wilkinson,and'
" Wnght—1U.
;! So the bill was passed. '•
1 liKOESd. , •"
]1 0,1 motion of Mr. MORRILL, it was
* Ordered, That at half part four o'clock from W-.lay tlw,
i; Hr-tiMifc ivi 11 take a reeoss until ^oveti " clock p- m.
