1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
MM
Beauregard, with a large portion of his command, was
left south by the cutting of the railroads by Ivautz. i nat
portion which reached Petersburg under Hill, 1 have
whipped to-day, killing and wounding many and takin-,
many prisoners, after a severe and well-contested fight.
General Giant will not be troubled with any farther re
inforcements to Lee from BeanregaM's forces.
BENJ. F. BUTI.EE, Major General.
[The news was greeted with great applause
upon the floor and in the galleries.]
The SPEAKER stated that applause was not
in order, and that he felt it to be his duty to en-
force the rules on all occasions.
UNEMPLOYED GENERALS.
The next business in order was the considera-
tion of the bill reported from the Committee on
Military Affairs in regard to unemployed gen-
erals.
Mr. KASSON. I ask unanimous consent to
take up the amendments of the Senate to the con-
sular and diplomatic appropriation bill.
Mr. SCHENCii. 1 ask whether those amend-
ments will take up'more than the remaining por-
tion of to-day's session?
Mr. KASSON. I do not think that they will
occupy more than the balance of this evening.
BUSINESS or THE JUDICIARY COMMITTEE.
Mr. WILSON. I aslrunanimous consent of
the House that Wednesday of next week, after
the morning hour, he set apart for the reception
of reports from the Committee on the Judiciary.
We have not been able to report for two or three
months.
MY. PENDLETON. I object.
A. GUTHRIE.
Mr. SMITH, by unanimous consent, moved
that the Committee of Elections be discharged
from tUe further consideration of the memorial
of A. Guthrie, praying to be allowed mileage and
per diem as a Delegate from Nebraska, and that
It be referred to the Committee of Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
CONSULAR, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. KASSON. I move that by unanimous
consent the House take up the amendments of the
Senate to House bill No. 40, making appropiia-
tions for the consular and diplomatic expenses of
the Government for the year ending 30th June,
1865, and consider them in the House as in Com-
mitiee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
There was no objection, and the motion was
agreed to.
First amendment:
For the contribution of the United States to the comple-
tion of a new cemetery at Constantinople, to receive the
remains of American citizens transferred from an old
buiial-plnce, and also as a place for future interments,
$1,800.
The SPEAKER stated that the Committee of
Ways and Means recommend a concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Second amendment:
Strike out the word in [brackets] and inseit the words
in italics in the following:
For salaries of consuls general, consul?, [and] commer-
cial agents, and twenty-fii.e consular pupils, namely.
The SPEAKER stated that the Committee of
Ways and Means recommend a non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Third amendment:
And the consul general at Alexandria shall have the
name and title of agent and consul general.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended a concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
The amendments of the Senate from the fourth
to the twenty-seventh, both inclusive, were as
follows, in which the Committee of Ways and
Means recommended a concuirence:
Strike out the parts within [brackets] ami insert thepaits
in italics.
iii. consulates.
Schedule B.
Acapulco, Aix-la-Chappllc, Algms, Amoy, Amsterdam,
[Ancona.] Antwerp, A^pmwall, Aux rayes, Baiiia, Bai-
ceiona, Bankok, Basle, Belfast, Beirut, Bergen, Benumb,
Bilbao, Buenos Ayres, Bonleaux, Bremen, Biistol, Brindisi*
Boulogne, Cadiz, Cailao, Odnih<u Canton, CariMf, (Jhiti
Kiaiig, Cork, Cuiaooa, Dmntiata, Dundee, EUxnoro, Erie,
Foo-Ciioo, Funchal, Galatz, Ga-p^ Basin, Geneva, Genoa,
Gibraltar, Glasgow, Godendu Gottenhur^Guaymas, Hali-
fax, Hamburg, lJavie, Honolulu, Hong Kong, Jerusalem,
KannMwa,Kingston,Kingston inCc.nada,LaRocholie, La-
guayia,Ijahaina,La Paz, La Union, Leeds, Leghorn, Leip-
sic, Lisbon, Liverpool, London, Lyons, Macao, Malaga,
Malta, Ma'nchesU r, Mmizmiillo, Mamoaibo, Matanxas,
Marseilles, [Matainoras.] Mauritius, Melbourne, Messina,
Moscow, Munich, Nagasaki, Nantes, Naples, [Napoleon
Vendee.] Nassau, (West indies,) Newcastle, Nice, [Ning-
ro.] Odessa, Oporto, [Otranto,] Palermo, Panama, Para-
maribo, Paris, Pernambuco, Pietou, [Port au Prince,]
Ponce, Port Mahon, Prescott, Prince Edward's Island, Que-
bee, Revel, Rio de,Janeiro, Rotterdam, San Jaan del Sur,
San Juan, (Porto Rico,) Santander, Santiago de Cuba,
Santo«, Poit Samia, Scio, Singapore, Smyrna, Southarrrp-
ton, Stockholm. Saint John's, (Newfoundland,) Saint John,
(New Brunswick,) Saint Lambert and LongueuU, Saint
Petersburg, Saint Pierre, (Martinique,) Saint Thomas,
Stuttgaidt, Swatow, Saint Helena, Tabasco, lampvco,
Taneier, [Taranto,] Tehuantepec, Toronto, Trieste, Trin-
idatfde Cuba, Trinidad, Tripoli, Tunis, Turk's Island,
Valparaiso, Valencia, Venice, Vera Cruz, Vienna, Wind-
sor} Zurich.
IV. COMMERCIAL AGENCIES.
Schedule JB.
Amonr Iliver, Antigua, Balize, (Honduras,) Gaboon,
Madagascar} San Juan del Norte, Saint Domingo, fcanit
Marc.
v. consulates.
Schedule C.
fAthens,] Barbadoes, Batavia, Bay of Islands, Cape Hay-
tien, Cape Town, Carthagena, Ceylon, Cobija, Cyprus,
Falkland Islands, Fayal, Guayaquil, Lanthala, Maranham,
Matamoras, Mexico, Montevideo, Onioa, Payta, Para,
p3<sn del Norte, Pir$us, Rio Grande, Sabamlla, Saint
Catherine, Santa Cruz, (West Indies,) Santiago, (Cape
Verde?,) Spezzia, Stettin, Tahiti, Talcahuano, 'X umbez,
Zanzibar.
VI. COMMERCIAL AGENCIES.
Schedule C.
Apia, [Monrovia,] Saint Paul de Loando, including loss
by exchange thereon, four hundred and [fifty thousand] sev-
enty-seven thousand five hundred dollars.
Mr. BROOKS. The sixth amendment is to
insert Brindisi. I do not see the necessity for
that. When I was there a few years ago there
was hardly enough to hold the consulate.^
Mr. IC.1SSON. Brindisi has increased in mag-
nitude and commercial importance by the exten-
sion of the system of Italian railroads to that city;
a line of mail steamers has been established con-
necting Brindisi with Alexandria and the over- ,
land route to the East Indies.
The amendments were severally concurred in. I
Twenty-eighth amendment: j
And the salaiics of the con=ulsat Brindisi, Gibrahai , St. >
Helena, Boulogne, Zurich, Clifton, (Joaiicook, Erie, God- j
erich, Kingston in Canada, i'ort Sarnia, I'reseotl, Saint ;
Lambert and Longueuil, Toronto, and Windsor, shall be j
ftl r)00 each ; and the sal.iues of the consuls at Ceylon and |
I'irjus Shall be $1.00# each ; and the salary of the consul !
at Chin Klaus shall be $:i. 00; and Hie salary of the con- j
sul at lS.uikok .-hall be (JO,001); and the salary of the com- i
meieial agent at Madnaa-c.irshall be $-2,000, and the sal- j
aiv of the consul at Na-sau shall be %'1,000, to commence [
after the close of Hie pieseut liscal >car, and to continue j
duriii" 11 if present lebellion; ami the salary of the consul
at Lyons shall be 82,000, to commence after the close of
the pi esent fiscal year; and the salary of the consul at Man-
chester shall be .^J,000, to commence after the close of the
present fiscal jear.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended a non-concurrence.
The amendment was noil-concurred in.
Twenty-nintl Amendment:
Add as a new section :
Hec.2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the second sec-
tion of an act entitled "An actmaking appropriations for the
consular and diplomatic e\penses ot the Government for
the year ending the 30th of June, J858," approved Febru-
ary 7, 1W>7, be, and the same is hereby, repealed.
Mr. KASSON. I ask that by general consent
this amendment, which is the only one which is
likely to give rise to debate, be passed over in-
formally ill order that we may dispose of the re-
mainder of the amendments. Then the gentle-
man from New Hampshire, [Mr. Patterson,]
who it seems has risen to speak to this amend-
ment, can take the floor upon it.
No objection being made, the amendment was
passed over informally.
Thirtieth amendment:
Add the following as a new scction:
Hfc. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the President
may, in Ills discretion,by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate, appoint an envoy extraoidinary ami minis-
ter plenipotentiary to the kingdom of Belgium, who shall
receive no hieher compensation than is now allowed to a
minister resident. \
The SPEAKER. The committee recommend j
a concurrence. . i
Mr. PRUYN. I wish to inquire of this com- j
mitfee in reference to this matter of salary as i
connected with the new mission to Belgium, if j
it be proper to create it, I hope the proper salary j
will be attached to it. If we intend to compli- ■
ment the King of Belgium, as it is claimed, by .
the appointment of a minister of higher j-ank, we
ought to pay him a-proper salary, because if'we
pay this small amount this year, certainly "befofe
long the Government will ask an appropriation
of that kind to be made. It ought to' be; made at
once, in my judgment, and I am-ready to .vote
in favor of a full salary. " * ,
Mr. STEVENS. For my own part. I would
rather leave the matter as it is. Belg'itfm is not
of so very gieat importance. We have now 'a
minister resident there, and why we should rftftlfe
him a minister plenipotentiary, I cannot under-
stand.
Mr. MORRILL. I trust the House will not
agree to the proposition of the Senate'. It is very
clear that if we do agree and raise the grade of
the officer, ere long we will be compelled to raise
the salary. I do not understand that the king-
dom of Belgium is of sufficientiinportance to have
a minister there of equal grade with those we send
to England and Prance. If we are to raise the
grade we ought manifestly to raise the salary. If
a year or two hence we should senda man to rep-
resent the United States at that place, we shall be
compelled either to lower the grade or to raise
the salary. Now I am opposed to giving agrade
to a man simply because ne, out of his own pri-
vate fortune, can maintain the dignity of the of-
fice, when the United States itself is unwilling to
support the office by a salary equal to the grade
we designated. We might thus save the dignity
of the officer but we should lose our own. ' I trust
the House will not agree to any such amendment.
Mr. KASSON. I desire that the House may
fully understand the question before they take a
vote upon it. The committee, as will be seen,at
first recommended the adoption of the amendment
of the Senate with an amendment giving the min-
ister the same salary that belongs to the same
grade at Berlin and Vienna. We have now dif-
ferent salaries for that same grade at the different
courts of Europe, ranging from $17,500 down to
$12,000, and in South America ranging down to
$10,000. The amendment proposes to authorize
the establishment of this grade in Belgium with
a salary not exceeding $7,500. This is recom-
mended by the Secretary of State, it is recom-
mended by the Senate; and the Committee of
Ways and Means, on a reconsideration, recom-
mend the action without the increase of salary.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to ask my colleague
whether the Committee of Ways and Means as
a committee have acted upon the matter at all?
Mr. KASSON. I understand that the com-
mittee, in the presence of my friend, the other
morning discussed and acted upon the subject,
and I understood myself instructed by the com-
mittee to agree to the amendment without an in-
crease of salary.
Mr. MORRILL. I do not understand that the
committee had any consultation upon the subject.
Mr. KASSON. It was done in open commit-
tee in the presence of the chairman, and was par-
ticipated in by all, as I understood the matter.
But I leave that matter, as there seems to be a
difference of opinion between us.
When this subject was up in the Senate a sim-
ilar debate was raised in the Senate, and objec-
tion was taken to the fact that the Committee on
Foreign Affairs recommended it, but that the Ex-
ecutive Department of the Government did not
recommend it, and the Finance Committee, or at
least a part of them, had the same kind of a con-
test with the Committee on Foreign Affairs upon
that subject.
Mr. PRUYN. I wish to ask the honorable
gentleman from Iowa what is the object of this
provision when the President now has the power
to make such a nomination?
Mr. KASSON. I will answer the gentleman
in a moment. As I said just now, that difficulty
was presented in the Senate at the time this ques-
tion was discussed there. The Committee oil
Foreign Affairs of this House, however, in their
communication with the State Department, called
for a statement of the views of that Department
upon the subject, and 1 have here the answer of
the Secretary of State, by the courtesy of the
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
which I will submit to be read to the House, first,
however, answering the gentleman from New
York. The President has power to raise the grade
of the minister, under the existing law, but he
has not the power to raise it except upon the con-
