1864.
THE .CONG-RESSIQ-NAL GLOBlr
nothing not clearly given by its charter. (Pro-
prietors of Stoarbudge Canal vs. Wheely, 2 Barn.
& Ad., 793; Beaty vs. Lessee of Knowler, 4Peteis,
168; Prov. Bank vs. Hillings, 4 Peters, 5X4; United
States vs. Arredoudo, 6 Peters, 738; Charles River
Bridge vs. Warren Bridge, IX Peters, 420; Rich-
mond R. R. Co. us. Louisa R. R. Co., 13How.,
81; Proprietors of Bridges us. HobokenLand Co.,
2 Beasley, 81.) This shows that the companies
named in this bill have no authority to establish
a through business between New York and Phil-
adelphia; neither have they a right to permit
these roads to be u&ed for that purpose. They
cannot jointly do what neither ean lawfully do;
nor can they effect by the agency of another what
they cannot do themselves.
The corporations asking for this- legislation
are creatures of New Jersey for limited and spe-
cified purposes, with reserved powers, are distinct
bodies, each to do local business between defined
points. This bill in effect consolidates them into
one, with additional powers of extension, divests
the State of her sovereign jurisdiction over them
within her own limits and upon her own soil. It
is claimed under the Constitution, which gives
power to Congress to regulate commerce with
foreign nations and among the several States and
to establish post offices and post roads. Congress
has no such power as is claimed in this case, but
under the power to regulate commerce among the
several States it has a right to pass general laws
applicable alike to all the States to regulate com-
merce among them, but that is a very different
power from that of consolidating bodies corporate
specially by name, within a single State, with
power to extend branch roads everywhere in the
State and do the business of common carriers. It
was a well-settled principle of the common law
that if one had a fei'ry by prescription and an-
other erected another ferry so near it as to draw
away its custom it was a nuisance. The same
principle applies to the exclusive privileges given
the joint companies. The corporations applying
•for this legislation have gone beyond the powers
which their charters give them. The friends of
this bill say that these exclusive pitvileges and
taxes imposed upon the joint companies arc in
violation of the right of Congress to regulate com-
merce among the several States.
To sustain myself upon this point I refer to a
case in the supreme court of New Jersey, be-
tween the State of NewJerseyand the Delaware,
Lackawanna and Western Railroad Company,
decided February term, 1864. The object of this
suit was to test the validity of a claim for tax al-
leged to be due from the defendants:
u This tenti: section pi ovulesc that .ill c^ipoiations iegn-
larly dome business 111 this ^tare.and not Ik-ihitcoi porations
of ihe rftdti'j shall !>.- at: e-f-rd and taxed lor aud fu lo^poct
of the husiuc*- so bv thtjm done and ti aii^ae ted m tin* Slate,
m nmnnoi follow.us, that n to say:  ]verj such company
fvhall pay a tiaiwt dutv or ihiee rents on cvorv passenger
and two cents on evei) ton oi good-, warf;_<, and meichan-
di%e, or other ai tides earned or tiaiwport^d by oi (or such
company on any lailroad oi canal in fins* Htate, tor any dis-
tance e,\ect'dinu' unlea, ixiept passengers and height
tian^pott'>d exein-jveh wuhin the St;it<\>
" II ij- uwi-ted by the compel of ihe defendants that it Mil
violation ot the eiidiih section of the liiat amclc of the Con-
stitution oi the United Slate.-, which eonfcu? upon the Con-
gress of the United Slates the power to resrulatc eommeice
with foieign nation;: and among the seveial States. It is
claimed that tin1- posvr conlened on Congie&a has been
adjudgodto he exclusive, and that any attempt on the part
of a Stare to leirulateeomnieiee among the States, by inter-
fering with its't']ecdom. or making hostile or buidensome
{Jir-euminationsjis an niliingcmentofth.it power, and void.'5
****** *****
" Ami it may be added, the local necessities of domestic
Intercourse,' whetethe&iibiectsofsuch ime course,' (con-
imue> Juflii'' Cuitis.) c are m their nature national aud ic-
rjmnng uniform system of legulafiou. may justly be said to
regime exclusive legislation by Congress.5
Wheie eommei ce is of tins luulon.ii eharactn, there is
unconstitutional oi legal powoi in a Stale to mtoirupt, im-
pede, or leguiate it. lint when it ha* not such national but
a ioeal chatacter, the Stntes do many things to regulate ir,
and some that moie or les-5 effect commereml intercoms
without any violation of the Constitution. Laws, for ox-
ample, for the regulation of pilots and pilotage are not ques-
tioned as to then constitutionality. The i emulation or the
faies and toll- on turnpike*, raihouds,and fairies, even di-
icctly between two States, aie wholly within the jurisdic-
tion of the State, and sneh power has been continually ex-
ercised, and in the caseofth.- Chosen Freeholder* ofHud-
*on Couhtv i-s. the State, 4 Zabriskie I?., 730, it was hukl
by the court of eirors that theexerehe of <wh power was
iii nowise repuguanr to the ptovudons of the Constitution."
" Docs the act m question attempt '0 mteiruptor to l em-
ulate eommeice; oi to impose duties oi imposts ou expoits
orunpoits?
" U docs not oxeiuric irom the ^tate any ela^ ot pei-
sons or ofpioperty, or of vessels, or other vehicles of trans-,
portatiou; as did the act of New York, which granted to
ceitatn individuals thg exclusive use of its .waters for'navi-
gation by vessels propelled by fire or steam, and which was
declined to be unconstitutional in Gibbous vs, Ogden, 9
Wheat. XI., 1." - * * * * * * * •
"It imposes no impost,,tax, tribute, or duty, directly or
indirectly, on passengers or goods, and is not within the
principles of the Passenger cases, (7 How., page 283.) nor
does it impede theexpoitoi any article by requiring stamps
upon bills of lading, or otherwise, and is "not within the rul-
ing of Alney vs. The Slate of daltfornia, (24 How. JR., 169.)
It makes no discrimination between the property of citi-
zens of this State or other States. Nor are the passengers
or owners of goods, or the goods themselves, in auy,wise
made subject to the tax or retaided by it. The tax is laid
on the company without respect to the ownership of the
goodsortoiheresidenceotthepassengers." * * *
"It is a tax upon the company 'for and in respect of the
business by them done and tian&aeted within the State,'
computed by the tons of merchandise and number of pas-
sengei  transpoited." ******
<• The tax in question is neither more nor less than a tax
on the income of the company from its business in tins
State ; the easiest mode of ascertaining which is by the
company's annual statements pf the number of passengers
and oi the tons of merchandise transported.
u It imposes, it is true, this tax on a foreign corporation,
and because it is* foreign." *****
" The pimeiple of the section of the act in question is
not novel, noi it^ application without precedent. By the
act of February 4, 1830, the Camden and Amboy Railroad
aud Tiansporuition Company were required to pay to the
State at the rate of ten cents for each passenger, and fifteen
cents for each ton ofmerchandise transported on their road."
**********
" If legislative construction of a measure is of any value,
we suielyhave it in the acts refened to. They are all based
upon the piineiple ihat a Statemaytax individualsorcom-
panies who excici<e puvilegrs within the State, and aie
pioteetcd by iis laws; and they emphatically declare ttiat
by s-o doing no article of the Constitution of the United
States is violated. T am satisfied that the actin question m
the case is notinviolationof anyclausn of the Constitution
of the United States, or of this State."
The committee refer io the Wheeling bridge
case as a precedent for this legislation. 1 will read
so much of the act in question as bears on this
case, (10 United Slates Statutes at Large, page
112, an act making- appropriations for the Post
Office Department,) in sections six and eight of
which it is enacted:
"That tiie bridges across the Ohio river at Wheeling, in
the State of Viignua,aud at Rridgepoit, m the State o[ Oino,
abutting on Z.ine\, inland, in  aui i ivr i,ate hoeby declared
to be lawful stitiotures in theii piescntpoMtion and eleva-
tion. aud shall ^o be held and taken to be, anything m any
law'oi laws of the United States to the conuary notwith-
standing; and that said bridges arc declared to be aud arc
established post roaikjorllicpassageoj the mails of the Uni-
ted States."
They also refer to the ease of Pennsylvania vs.
The VVhcelin£and Belmont Bridge Company, (18
Howard, United States Supreme Court K.epotis,
pa£G 4:J1,> sustaining the said act of Congress;
which arc no precedents fur the exercise of the
powers attempted by the bill under consideration,
but aie precedents against it.
The Ohio river was a public highway of com-
merce, which under the Constitution of the United
States had been regulated by Congress, as will
appear hy the Journal of Congiess, volume four,
pa^es 637 and 63t>, and by the Ordinance of 1767,
article four, and by the act oi Congress admitting
Kentucky. (Acts of Congress for enrolling and
licensing ships or vessels to be employed m the
coasting trade and for regulating the same; 1
United States Statutes at Laige, page 305. Act of
Congress authorizing duties to be paid at ports on
the Ohio; 4 Statutes at Large, page 480. Green
vs. Biddle, 8 Wheaton, 1.)
The navigation of the river as a common high-
way of commerce having been established by
regulation of Congress and compact between the
States, it could not be lawfully obstructed by any
State authority; and before the building of the
bridge at Wheeling Congress had fully exercised
the constitutional power to regulate commerce on
the Ohio nvei, and by its own action prohibited
the erection of the bridge at Wheeling so as to
interfere with commerce. At the second session
of the Twenty-Fourth Congress application was
made for leave to build a bridge across the Ohio
at Wheeling, and opposed on account oi its in-
jury to navigation, and on that ground it was de-
feated .
In 1347 the Legislature of Virginia, whoowned
the whole river to the banks on the Ohio side,
granted a charter to the Wheeling and Belmont
Bridge Company to construct a bndgcacross tho
Ohio river at Wheeling, and while the company
were in the act of building it the State of Penn-
sylvania filed a bill in the Supreme Court of the
United States against them, and prayed an injunc-
tion against the evectioti of the'bridge and ,
eral relief, alleging: that .the bridge. wow1d-flo>4&k
struct the navigation of the river al
direct tra-de and business from'the'pubTl6lwpffe
Pennsylvania', irapair an# diminish the tolls
revenue of the State,"'and vender improvements
useless; and the court held ihat ii6' StateflaW
hinder the "free use of a license granled
act of Congress, and decided that the bridge-ilraSt
be raised' to a certain height within a desfgjji&$"d
time'or be abated. 1 • '
In the summer of 1854 the bridgebfojwtl
down by a violent storm, and the company
preparing to rebuild it according td the drignial
plan., / ' ' ' '
In jt854 the State, of Pennsylvania in Vkda'ttoii
moved for an injunotion to prevent the 'rebuilding
of the bridgcoverand across the eastern channel
between Zane'sisland and th'emainYirgimashove.,
at a less elevation than was prescribed by th'e
former decree of the court, which was granted.-
In .the mean time, betweeji;the first decree and
the gran ting of the second injunction, in 185S,tHe
act of Congress referred to by the committee-was
passed, declaring the bridge across the Ohio at
Wheeling, in the State ofYirginia,aod-at Brld^'-
port, in the State of Ohio, abutting oiiiZane^s
island, lawful structures, anything in any'Iawoi*
laws of the United States to the contrary notwith-
standing, and that the officers and crews of ves-
sels should regulate jhe rise of the vessels and the
pipes or chimneys so as not to interfere with said
bridge.
Congress being the power that made the Ohio
river a public highway for commerce had an un-
doubted right to so far repeal its former legisla-
tion as made the bridge a nuisance, declaringit a
lawful structure. The same power that gave had
a right to abridge or take away, because in Con-
gress was confided the exclusive legislation in re-
lation to commerce upon the Ohio river. This
act of Congress did not override the law of Vir-
ginia, but upheld and sustained it. This was a
lawful bridge by the laws of Virginia; but be-
cause it interfered with the free navigation of the
Ohio, which navigation had been guarantied by
Congress, it was necessary, in order to malce it a *
lrgai structure against all the world; that Congress
should repeal a part of its legislation) and henee
the act in question was obtained. The difference
between that case and the bill under considera-
tion is this, that while that only ratified and eon-
firmed what was a lawful structure by State legis-
lation, this attempts to make a through route legal
which has been declared by the courts of New
Jersey to be illegal. Instead of sustaining the laws
of a State it overrides and destroys them, and eays *
that the people of New Jersey shall not be per-
mitted to declare what railroads they will have in
their own State to do through business from New
York to Philadelphia, and not only authorizes the
roads to carry the mails, troops, and munitions of
war of the United States, but to transport goods,
wares, and merchandise of all descriptions, and
passengers, between the cities of New York and
Philadelphia and intermediate places.
The act of Congress was to establish a post
route for the purpose of transporting the mails of
the United States, it is declared a lawful struc-
ture across the Ohio river by act of Congress, be-
cause it had been decided to he a nuisance on
account of the previous legislation of Congress.
They did not undertake to authorize the company
to (io business as common carrieis,for freight and
passengers, but simply, in the exercise of sover-
eign power, to establish a post route. Virginia
had already in 1847, by an act of the Legislature;
authorized the Wheeling and Belmont BndgeCom-
pany to construct this bridge across the Ohio river.
The court decided that this bridge was arr un-
lawful structure against the commerce of the
country. Why? Because Congress had declared
the Ohio river to be a public highway for the pur-
pose of commerce among the several States; and
because this bridge interfered with that act of
Congress, it was necessary to get this act of Con-
gress to lepeal so much of its former legislation
which made that bridge a nuisance, and thereby
make it a lawful structure. It was simply this,
! and nothing more, that Congress had the right to
repeal its o wn laws. It had supreme jurisdiction
over the Ohio river in regard to commerce, and it
had passed alaw which made ibis bridge u nui-
sance, ttnd it had a right to repeal so much of
