194
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13,
shall not turn rebel because my warning went un-
heeded and my prophecy has been fulfilled.'
The right of the loyal people of a State, who
may be in a minority there, to administer or rep-
resent the State government and to bring it into
action harmonious with the Union and the Con-
stitution, has been attacked by the distinguished
author and advocate of the territorial theory and
of congressional power. It wasnecessary forhim
to do this. In polemics, as in the material world,
it is sometimes necessary to displace one thing to
make room for another. And what is his objec-
tion ? It is that such a course is contrary to the
spirit of our institutions, the right of a majority
to govern. Then rebels have some rights left, ac-
cording to this high authority. That is, in order
to get the conclusion that they have no rights, he
uses an argument based on the inferred or ad-
mitted right of rebels in arms against the Union
so to shape and influence a State government as
to keep that State out of the Union. If his theoiy
were " a thing of life" I would expect it to blush
for the support Urns offered. The objection urged
by Mr. Sumner to allowing a loyal minority to
make or administer a loyal State government,
against the wishes, or, at least, without the co-
operation of a disloyal majority, is yielding the
whole ground in controversy. Admitting the right
of a rebel majority to continue, without limit, their
violent and illegal interference with the relations
between a State, or the people thereof, and the
Union, is clearly admitting their right to begin and
consummate that interference. It is confounding
the right of a majority to govern with the right
that majority has assumed to secede. And thus it
ever is with ail who start out to make the Consti-
tution or the Bible mean a particular thing: their
arguments prove too much. In this case their
logic, instead of proving "State suicide," does
itself commit suicide.
There is another objection to my argument
might be made with more plausibility, i affirm
that the act of insuriection did not sever or dis-
solve the relations between citizens and Govern-
ment, but only altered their attitude toward each
other. Then the rebel is still a eiti/en of the
United States, and of couise of his own State,
subject to the penalties and disabilities imposed
by a violated law, as in Kentucky. Hut in some
of the States the local law imposes none such as
it does in Kentucky. Then Jt might be asked by
what right or authority is he to be prohibited
from a participation in that Govei nment? I will
not call this mere quibbling, but it is a clear mis-
apprehension of the point made. There is no
declaration or inference that he shall not do this
thing, but only that he .shall not, in doing it, be a
rebel against the Union, shall not do an illegal
act by violating the supieme law of the Itmd. 1 Ce
may enter into the affairs of his State as soon as
he pleases, only that to be recognized by us he
must do it as a Union man. The lesolution is
guarded in this partieuhu : "All who,atany time,
acknowledge, allegiance and render obedience to
the United States." This is a broad invitation,
if he do not accept if,that in his own fault. And
if by his negligence the Government falls into the
bauds of a minority it will onlyJ>e what has
often happened m tunes of peace by the voluntary
absence of a large proportion of citizens from the
polls. The scheme does not inquire for the pres-
ent or past opinions of persons administering the
Government, but requites that it be a loyal Gov-
ernment. 1 mean by that one consistent with
the Union ami the supremacy of the national Con-
stitution and laws; for if, is true that under our
system a State cannot commit treason. We judge
the work and not the workmen; or at most the
workmen by the work. If two constitutions are
claimed to be in existence, one defining the State
a member of the Union and the other defining it
a mdmber of the confederacy, we aecept the for-
mer without counting votes. We can do nothing
less. If it were not the technical law of the case
it would be the necessity of the cas<^ Shall we
send out commissioners to inquire and report
whether the Union orsecession has the more sup-
porters in a State? I would not only accept the
loyal Constitution, but I would, to the last ex-
tremity, protect'those who offer it against the vio-
lence of those who resist it. If a majority in a
State revolutionize its government ajid establish
a monarchy, shall we acquiesce, or declare it a
Territory? Or shall we discharge the duty under
the Constitution of guarantying to every State
in this Union a republican form of government"
and of protecting them "against domestic vio-
lence?"
If parties in a State are contending between two
constitutions, both loyal to the Union, bu^differ-
ing in details, that State is de jure and de facto in
the Union, and hasonly-presented ajudicialques-
tion for the courts. The civil commotion called
Dorr's rebellion did not take Rhode Island out of
the Union or make her a territory, thoughit did,
for a time, render it uncertain what the State gov-
ernment was. TheSupreme Court decided in favor
of the old " charter,"and the fortunes of a short
militia war, whose events would not now amount
to a respectable skirmish, decidcd the question
the same way. But if the courfeand the militia
forces had decidcd in favorof Dorr'sconstitution,
Rhode Island would'have still been a member of
the Union. And when Dorr was released from
prison, and his more democratic constitution sup-
planted the old crown charter, Rhode Island was
still a member of the Union, with all her rights,
dignity, and equality unimpaired.
" The whole power of the nation is pledged for
the suppression of the rebellion." Thisisneces-
sary for a consistent vindication of our principles
in a matter involving the life and existence of the
nation. And I would relieve the insurgents of
any misapprehensions of a division among our-
selves on this question. Let them be impressed
by congressional as well as military action of the
hopelessness of the task they have undertaken.
Let the powers of the nation be pledged for their
overthrow as rebels, and the same power and the
judicial ermine be pledged for the protection of
loyalty. I would carry in one hand the Consti-
tution and " State equality," (equality with each
other, and not " State sovereignty " over the na-
tion,) and with the other hand,41 the red right hand
of avenging justice," I would lift on high the
sword of the nation that they might accept pro-
tection from one or be hewn down by the cleav-
ing edge of the other. The question of secession
has to be met. It is of the essence of the case.
It is the question whether the white man of this
continent shall have a home, a country, and a Gov-
ernment, or only his wanderingcamp for a dwell-
in'/, and organized sedition for a constitution.
Most unfortunately the only way we can at pres-
ent meet secession is to meet and overthrow its
armies on the field. I would it were otherwise.
I wish we had been permitted to carry the ques-
tion to some other tribunal. But the s< cessionists
willed it differently.- They made the ifesue of
arms. The issue must be met and their armed
power overthrown, or secession, as a ruling po-
litical element on this continent, is a success. Its
overthrow is all that is needed. When that is
done, when secession is yielded or conqiujred,
and the nation, as embodied and expressed forth
in the Constitution—the covenant of the people—
is acknowledged and obeyed; when that is done,
and the negro or the slavery question remains the
chief impediment in the way of settlement, I hero
declare before God and the assembled nation that,
as a legislator for the people, I would not pro-
vide for the butchery of one child's father, one
wife's husband, one sister's brother, or one moth-
er's son of my own race and blood m tlm attempt
to determine, by the further conflict of arms, the
freedom or the slavery of the black race on this con-
tinent. Not being willing myself to die in such
a cause, I would not require others to do it. Those
who would will be able, I pray, to answer God
and satisfy posterity.
I take it the only legitimate object of the war is
to defend the Government, execute the laws, re-
duce to obedience persons engaged in rebellion,
and protect loyal citizens wherever found; and
that when these ends are accomplished the war
ought to cease. If any gentleman will avow a dif-
ferent or an additional object, it devolves on hnn
to show wherein he is not a revolutionist,a rebel
against the Constitution. In limiting and defin-
ing the purpose of the war, 1 will not mmce words
or split hairs about "expressed powers" and "re-
served rights;'5 I state in general terms that this
' object may be accomplished under the forms and
ji powers of the Constitution, and by the use and
j application of the laws and usages of war, as cs-
j tabiished by public opinion and international cus-
l torn, in all placesand at ail times where those laws
| and usages are made applicable by the fact of war
or the presence of enemies. In other words, I
state that in resisting a rebellion of such power
and numbers as that, under the laws of nations or
by our treatment of it, it has attained tho propor-
tions of a public war, and acquired, or had con-
ceded to it, belligerent rights, then "war powers"
are a part of the constitutional powers of the Gov-
ernment.
The Constitution and the laws made in pursu-
ance thereof are not only the supreme law of the
land, but, within their sphere, they are' the only
law, and nothing can be law that is contrary to
them. They were enacted for conferring powers
for given purposes. And what does the Consti-
tution embrace and provide for? Nofpeacealone
and its interests, but war and its necessities. It
recognizes and organizes tlie war-making power,
the power to raise armies and navies, and the
power and the duty to suppress insurrection and
rebellion, and to protect the States against do-
mestic violence. The minutiee of the modus op-
erandi were not and could not be specified in a
great organic law. They are the necessary re-
sults and instrumentalities of the power to do the
thing. The fathers of the system understood the
language they used; they knew the meaning of
war, of civil war, of armies and navies, rebellion
and insurrection, domestic violence, and "war
powers," without which the right to make war
would be a nullity. These war powers, or the
usages and rules of war, are a part of the law of
the land. The only question is their extent.
They are ascertained and limited by the usages
and sanction of-nations. It does not alter the case
that they may be or have been mistaken or
abused—they exist. It is clearly agreed by all
the authorities that when a rebellion or civil war
assumes the proportions and importance this one
has it must be conducted between the Govern-
ment and bodies of insurgent citizens upon the
rules of international law legulatmg the conduct
of war. It is unsafe to say that these rulesshall
obtain in proceedings against persons and prop-
erty except in so far as they depart from the letter
of the wntten law regulating these proceedings
in civil tribunals; that is to abandon the whole
code and fall back, in every case, even in the midst
of war, upon the requirements for oaths, writs,
officers, juries, courts, and public trials, no matter
with whom or under what circumstanccs you
deal. That would be impracticable, and is not
the law. It is admitting an inconsistency or re-
pugnance that docs not exist; war powers, not
abused or exaggerated, are not inconsistent with*
the Constitution. They are scarcely cumulative,
for they already exist. They are rather a dor-
mant law brought into activity and application by
the fact of war. Therefore I say they may be
applied wherever war exists or enemies are found.
But, says one, the Constitution requires an affi-
davit, an indictment, trial, jury, witnesses, coun- ^
sel, and judgment of eouit—in short " due pro-
cess of law." We all know the cases to which
these do apply. Are there any cases to which
they do notapply ? Is there nota " due process of
law" for an armed insuriection and all who aid
it? There is; it is applicable to an armed and
organized rebellion, commanding three hundred
thousand soldiers in the field, with spiesand em-
issaries and sympathizers in every State in the
Union. For this state of case the Constitution
provides war, " war powers." To complain that
they aie mistaken or abused is only to complain
of men and not principles. The rebel waives tho
rights awarded him in the civil remedy, and lays
[ himself amenable to the military remedy. His
: conduct brings a fact into the case which brings
with it a law applicable to the case, or rather the
Constitution has provided the remedy, and his
conduct makes the remedy applicable to him. It
is not so much a different or inconsistent law as
it is a different state of fact to which the same
great system, made both for peace and war, is
now made applicable. Our" Bills of Rigbts"all
say there are certain inalienable rights, and among
I these are life and liberty. Inalienable by the citi-
1 zen and as clearly indefeasible by the Govern-
ment. But in declaring this as a governing prin-
j ciple of protection did society waive the punitive
:! power as a means of protection ? ^Clearly not.
Under the same constitutions and laws made m
pursuance thereof, the same society, acting under
this Bill of Rights, assumes to take both life and
liberty in punishment forcrime. And this is not
