1240
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 22,
that law as made ita nuisance, the repeal of which
would make it a lawful structure. The unau-
thorized obstiuction of a public navigable river is
an offense at common law, and may be punished
in a criminal proceeding by indictment. (4 Black-
stone's Com., 167.)
Is there any better settled principle of law to
be found in the law books of our own or any
other country than that Congress, or any other
legislative body, has a right to repeal so much
of its legislation as it sees fit?
The case of the State of Pennsylvania vs. The
Wheeling and Belmont Bridge Company shows
that Congress has no constitutional authority to
pass such a bill as this, because this legislation is.
not within the meaning or letter of "the power
given to Congress to regulate commerce among
the several States. I will read from the opinion
of the court in that cose,in 18 Howard,page 432:
"A class of ca^ea. that have frequently occurred in the
State courts contain pi inciplos analogous to those involved
in the present case. The purely internal stream** of a State
Which arc navigable belong to the ripanan o\vnei> to the
thread of the btieam, ami as s uch they have a right to Use
the waters and bed beneath lor then own private emolu-
ment, subject only to the pubhe right of navigation. They
may coiWiiKt wharves or diuns ot canals for the purpose
of subject fug the stream to tfie vauom uses to which it may
be applied feitb|ect to this public casement. But if these
structures mateually intei fere with the public i ight, the oh-
struetion may bt: removed or abated as a public nuisance.
" In reject to tho*e puiely internal streams of a State,
the public tight of navigation is exclusively under the con-
trol and regulation of the. State legislature; and in ca-es
where these elections ot obstructions to the navigation are
constructed undei the law of the State, or sanctioned by
legislative authoi ity, they are neithei apHblie nuisance sub-
ject to abatement nor w the individual who may have sus-
tained speei.il damage from their interference wiihthe pub-
lic use entitled to any leinedy foi his loss, So Jar as the
public Use ot the ftieam is conet m< d, theLeculaturi' having
the power to eon hoi and regulate it, the statute authorizing
the stiueture, though it may be a ieal impediment to the
navigation, makes it lawful/'
I also refer to 5 Wendell, 448, 449; 15 Wen-
dell, 133; 17 T. II., 195; 20 T. R., 90, 101; 5
Cowan, 163.
The Twenty-Fourth Congress refused to au-
thorise the construction of tins bridge upon the
ground that it would interfere with the free navi-
gation of the Ohio liver. The eases to which I
have refened show point-blank that no such bill
as this is constitutional, because Jt is not within
the meaning of the power granted to regulate
commerce among theseveial Suites. It is simply
an interiei once with the lights of a loyal State;a
State which lias poured out her bloou and treas-
ure in defense of the Union; a State which ban
been loyal and furnmhed snore men and money,
according to population, than any oihi-r State.
After they were refused this act, of Congress,
after the Legislature of Virginia chartered this
bridge across the Ohio river at Wheeling, and
the decision of the courts was against it, in older
to avoid that decision, in 1KW they came to Con-
gress to get the action ot Congress to legalize it.
For what purpose? Not to interfere with the
laws of Viigima, but to icpeal so much of the law
of Congress as had by its action over this com-
mercial highway forbidden any obstruction upon
it, and had declared the bridge a nuisance. Sup-
pose a railroad weie chartered in this city to run
by hoi so power, could they, in violation of the
charter, run by steam > No more could they do
that than can these corporations of New Jersey
override then- own acts of incorporation which
gave them an existence, and which made them
comply with certain designated points and eel-
tain desii;mitcd purports. If Congress can exer-
cise the power dunned m this hill, they can char-
ter horse railroads in Broadway, New York, or
turnpike roads m the States, or authorize the
horse lailroads of Newark, New Jersey, to run
by steam, in violation of their charters.
Now, this very opinion the committee brought
here to sustain this unprecedented legislation is
against them:
'♦The hiidg'" had been constructed under an act of the
Lemsiatuteonhe ritatc ot Vugiifta; and H was admitted thai
act eonfeiri'd full authority upon the defendant" tor the
erection, Mibject only to the power of Congress in the reg-
ulation of commerce, ft was claimed, however, thatCon-
W'i-* had acted upon the -ubjoet and had regulated the nav-
igation ot the Ohio nver, and had theieby secured to the
pubhe. by vutue ot ii-authoi itv, the tiee and unobstructed
u-;e of ihc Ninie ; and that the election of ihe tn idgc. so far
as it nil"! rc:i'd w ith the *-;ijo\ ment of tins u^e, wat, incon-
sistent u ith and in Violation of the acts of Onsres-s, and
destiuctiv" ol the right deuved under them ; and 1 hat, to the
extent of this mterfeioticu with the free navigation of the
river, tin aft of the Lrgislamreof Virghiiaaflorded no <su
tbority or justification. It was in conflict with the acts of
Congress, which were the paramount law.
" This being the view of the case taken by a majoiity of
the court, they found no difficulty in arriving at the con-
elusion that the obstruction of the navigation of the river
by the budge was a violation of the right secured to the
public by the Constitution and laws of Congress, nor in
applying the appropriate remedy in behalf of the plaintiff.
The ground and ptinclples upon which the court proceeded
will be found reported in Ki Howard, 518.
" Since, however, the rendition of this decree, the acts
of Congress, already referred to, have been passed, by which
the bridge is made a poM; road tor the passage of the mails
of the United States, and the defendants are authorized to
have and maintain it at it^ present site and elevation, and
requhmg all persons navigating the rivci to legulate such
navigation so as not to inteifere with it.
u So far, therefore, as this biidge cieated an obstruction to
the flee navigation of the river, in view of the previous acts
of Congress, they are to be regarded as modified by this
subsequent legislation ; and, although it still may be an ob-
struction in fact, is not^o in the contemplation of taw. We
have already s-aid, and the principle is undoubted, that the
act of the Legislature of Virginia conferred full authority
to erect and maintain the, bridge, subject to the exercise of
the power of Congress to regulate the navigation of the
river. That body having in the exercise of this power reg-
ulated the navigation consistent with its preservation and
continuation, the authoiity to maintain it would seein to
be complete.'"—18 Howard, United States Supreme Court
Repot it, p. 430.
I say,gentlemen, that the charter of New Jersey
to the Camden and Amboy Railroad and Trans-
portation Company, even if their exclusive priv-
ileges impeded the commerce of the State, cannot
be interfered with by the Congress of the United
States.
Congress cannot have the power to control the
railroads of thirty-four States,and when the Le-
gislature of a State refuses to charter a railroad to
give it a charter here. It would take three fourths
of the time of this House to legislate upon these
charters. The very statement of the principle is
contrary to the assumption of any such power on
the part of the Congress of tfie United States.
This bridge was declared a lawful structure be-
cause the Ohio river is a highway of commerce,
and therefore Congress had to declare the bridge
a lawful structure. What for? For the transmis-
sion of the mails. I do not deny that Congress
has a right to make all the raihoads of the coun-
try post routes by one general law sweeping over
all the States, but not m regard to any one particu-
lar State alone. Congress has already declared all
the railroads of the country post routes and a
part of the military establishment of the United
States.
The committee also refer to an act of Congress
establishing certain post roads,in which it is en-
acted that the bridge partly constructed across
the Ohio river, at Steubenville, in the State of
Ohio, abutting on the Virginia shore of said
liver, is hereby declared to be a lawful structure.
That the said bridge and Holliday's Cove rail-
road are hereby declared a public highway and
established a post road for the purpose of the
transmission of the mails of the United States,
and that the Steubenvillc and Indiana Railroad
Company, chartered by the Legislature of the
State of Ohio, and the (lolhday's Cove Railroad
Company, chartered by the State of Virginia, or
either of them, are authorized to complete, main-
tain, and operate said road and bridge when com-
pleted, anything in the law or laws of the above-
named States to the contrary notwithstanding.
(1*4 United States Statutes at Large, 569, 570.)
This is not a parallel case, and no precedentfor
the pioposed legislation.
On the 24th of February, 1848, the Legislature
of Ohio chartered the Steubenville and Indiana
Railroad Company, to construct a road from Steu-
benville tr> the Indiana State hue. *
On the 12th of May, 1849, the Legislature of
Ohio authorized the company, with the consent of
the Legislature of Virginia, to construct a bridge
at Steubenville across the Ohio river so as to con-
nect the road with a road leading eastward from
that place, so as not to interfere with navigation.
(Volume 46, Laws of Ohio, page 256.)
In 1860, the Legislature of Virginia chartered
the Holliday's Cove Railroad Company, to con-
struct a railroad from the Pennsylvania line to
Steubenville, Ohio, with power to erect a railroad
bridge across the Ohio nver.
in 18G1 the State of Virginia seceded from the
Union. In November, 1861, theconvention which
fotmed the constitution of West Virginia held its
session at Wheeling; and on the 3 st of Decem-
ber, 1862, the State was admitted into the Union
by act of Congress.
The act making the bridge at Steubenville a
lawful structure and making a post road of the
Holiday's Cove road was passed by Congress
on the 14th of July, 1862, a year or more after
Virginia had seceded.
The Steubenville and Indiana railroad was law-
fully chartered by the State of Ohio and built
when the act in question was passed, and the Hol-
iday^ Cove railroad was lawfully chartered by
Hhe State of Virginia and partly built before the
act in question. Virginia had seceded and was
out of the Union when the act of Congress was
passed.
I hope the members of this House will not vio-
late the laws of New Jersey and place her on a
footing with disloyal Virginia because Congress
saw fit since this war, and after Virginia had se-
ceded, to declare a road chartered by Virginia
when she was loyal and in the Union a post road.
New Jersey is in the Union, true to every pledge
of our fathers, heroic with the fame and gallantry
of her soldiers in this war, always following in
the path of liberty, and with alacrity responding
to the call of her country upon ali occasions.
Do not violate the laws of my State and add in-
sult and injury to her institutions while she is
struggling to uphold the Government that ought
to protect her.
This last act of Congress gave no power to an
individual corporation to transgress upon the laws
of a State, and did not attempt to make a corpora-
tion legal which by the courts had been declared
to be illegal. But for the purpose of establishing
a general commercial system throughout the Uni-
ted States, and for the purpose of transporting the
mails across this bridge, its construction was sus-
tained.
It was necessary for Congress to declare the
bridge n lawful structure, because previous acts
of Congress and the United States court had de-
clared the Ohio river to be a public highway of
commerce and that no bridge ought to be erected
over it. The Constitution vests Congress with
the pow^r to regulate commerce among the sev-
eral States; but Congress did not declare,in that
case, the railroad to be a lawful structure. This
bill proposes to declare the railroads lawful struc-
tures, anything in the laws of the State of New
Jersey to the contrary notwithstanding.
What was the object of that bill ? It was a bill
to establish post roads, and it gave authority to
these two railroad companies, one lawfully char-
tered by the Legislature of Ohio and the other
lawfully chartered by the Legislature of Virginia,
to build a bridge across the Ohio river. But Con-
gress did not claim the power to declare the rail-
roads lawful structures, because the provision of
the Constitution only authorizes Congress to reg-
ulate commerce among the several States. Con-
gress only undertook to declare the bridge a
lawful structure, which they had a right to do, be-
cause it interfered with the previous legislation of
Congress in making the Ohio river a highway
for the purposes of the commercial intercourse of
the nation. (Committee'sreport, pageQ;vo!ume
12, United States Statutes at Large, 569, 570.)
It was necessary to declare that the bridge
should he a lawful structure, because it was across
the Ohio, which, by act of Congress, had been
made a public highway of commerce, and the
bridge, on that account, would have been illegal
without Congress repealed a part of its former
legislation, by declaring the bridge a lawful struc-
ture, but it does not declare the Holliday's Cove
railroad a lawful structure, but made it a public
highway and post road for the transmission of
the mails of the United States, and authorized the
Steubenville and Indiana Railroad Company, and
the Holliday's Cove Railroad Company, to com-
plete, maintain, and operate said road'and bridge
when completed, for the purpose of the transmis-
sion of the mails of the United States*, and all other
business done is by the State laws. It merely
authorizes the Steubenville and Indiana Railtoad
Company, who by their charter were authorized to
construct abridge at Steubenville, across the Ohio
river, with the consent ofVirginia, so as to connect
their road with the road in Virginia, and the Hol-
liday's Cove Railroad Company, which, by their
charter from Virginia, had a right to erect the rail-
road and a bridge across the Ohio at the same place,
to complete and operate the roads and bridges for
the purpose of carrying the mails, and in no way
interferes with the rights of the two companies,
