mm.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ina
or the laws of the States, and neither State could
preventsuch an act of Congress, being purely one
for mail purposes, and there is nothing in the act
compelling the companies to .do any particular
kind of business, and only attempts to legislate
as far as authorized by the organic law of the
United States. The bridges and the Holliday's
Cove railroad were lawfully authorized by the
State of Virginia, and this act of Congress merely
made the bridges lawful structures as to the navi-
gation of the river, which for all other purposes
were lawful by the laws of Virginia and Ohio.
They were not declared post routes for the pur-
pose of carrying passengers and freight between
one place and another in violation of tne chartered
rights of any oilier railroad.
I ask you if there is any precedent for the pas-
sage of such a bill as this ? On the conti'ary, the
precedents cited by the committee shriw that pre-
vious legislation has been simply to regulate com-
merce among the States, and not to interfere with
the commercial intercourse of one State.
This bill is in violation of the fifth article of
the Amendments to the Constitution of the United
States, which declares that private property shall
not betaken for public use without just compen-
sation.
That part of the franchise granted by the State
to the joint companies, that they shall have the
exclusive right to carry through passengers and
merchandise between the two cities, is as much
the private property of the joint companies as are
the road and its equipments; and this bill pro-
poses to take away that right, by granting the.
privilege to other corporations, without any com-
pensation whatever.
Can it be pretended that Congress has a con-
stitutional right to pass a law that has the effect
and operation to annul the jurlgmentof our State
court, already rendered,or the rights determined
thereby in favor of the joint companies, without
even any compensation? The assumption of such
a power is without precedent, and,as a precedent
for the future, is of dangerous example.
It impairs and invalidates the obligation of the
contract upon the part of the State with the joint
companies, and, if passed, may deprive the State
of o*er one hundred and eighty thousand dollars
a year in taxes and dividends, which are paid to
her by the joint companies for these exclusive
privileges, unless they are permitted to enjoy
them.
The exclusive rights given to the Camden and
Amboy Railroad Company are no regulation of
commerce, because the mere refusing to grant a
charter for another railroad across the State be-
tween the two cities would be just as much a
regulation of commerce as these exclusive privi-
leges.
Parties cannot constructa railroad or turnpike
in any State without authority of the Legislature
of the State. Each State charters as many com-
panies for such purposes as it pleases. Its neg-
lect or refusal to charter others has never been
deemed a regulation of commerce. It has al-
ways been considered a partof the domestic pre-
rogatives of a State to regulate its own road sys-
tem, and Congress has never yet interfered in
this matter. When Congress in 1806 author-
ized the great national road from Cumberland to
Wheeling, it was upon condition that the States
through which it went should give their consent.
Will Congress authorize a creature of New Jer-
sey-legislation to override the laws of the State,
and authorize the property of the jointcompanies
to be taken, regardless of their rights and the
honor of the State, and arouse State jealousies in
these times when every power of the States ought
to be excited to put down this rebellion, and in-
flict a deadly blow upon the institutions of a State
whose people are paying larger bounties and mak-
ing more herculean efforts to save the nation than
any State in the Union according to population,
and wring from the Camden and Amboy Railroad
Company their vested rights; a company that
only last summer, while New York city was con-
vulsed with riots, gave in one donation §30,000 to
raise volunteers to put down the rebellion, and
have and are making extraordinary expenditures
in double tracks, equipments, and preparation of
their entire route to accommodate the transporta-
tion and travel connccted with the great move-
ments of the war, and have during this war placed
at the disposal of the Government their entire
roacls and equipments, and in every Way facili-
tated military operations without regard to cost
or sacrifice, and having struggled through the
periods of experiment should now have the fruits
of their labor given to other corporations who did
nothing to establish this great State railroad and
canal communication withouteven compensation ?
All the railroads in New Jersey are subject to
the right of eminent domain, and the Legislature
can grant rights to other corporations, interfering
with the exclusive privileges of the jointcompa-
nies, upon making them just compensation. If
the public necessities require it, the exclusive fran-
chises as well as all the property of the jointcom-
panies may be taken by the State for public use,
upon making just compensation. (West River
Bridge Co. vs. Dix, 6 How., 529. Richmond R.
R..Co. vs. Louisa R. R. Co., 13 How., 83. Enfield
TolUBridge Co. vs. Hartford and New Haven R. R.
Co.,17 Conn., 40. Boston and LowellR.R.Co.
vs. Salem and Lowell R. R. Co.,2Gray, 1.) Why
then do not these companies apply to the Legis-
lature ofNew Jersey ? That is the sovereign power
to grant these privileges asked of us.
The case I refer to in the supreme court of New
Jersey shows that the cases of Gibbons cs. Ogden,
9 Wheaton, and the New York and Massachu-
setts Passenger cases, do not conflict with the ex-
clusive privileges of the jointcompanies.
There is no necessity for this legislation, and
the precedents referred to by the committee show
it, which I will now read:
" The second instance In which Congress exercised the
power ia to be found in an act to establish certain post
routes, and to discontinue others, (5 United States Statutes
at Large, page 271,) where, in section two, it is provided
that cach and every railroad within the limits of the United
States which now is, or hereafter may be, made and com-
pleted, shall be a post route, and the Postmaster General shall
cause the mail to be transported thereon.
" The third instance is in an act to establish certain post
roads, approved March 3, 1853, (United States Statutes at
Large,) where the same legislation is reaffirmed; and it is
again enacted in section three of said act,£ that all railroads
which now, or hereafter may be, in operation, be and the
same are hereby, declared to be post roads.' "
**********
"The fifth congressional precedent is to be found in vol-
nine twelve, United States Statutes at Large, page 334. In
an act to authorize the President of the United States in cer-
tain cases to take possession of railroad and telegraph lines,
and for other purposes, approved January 31, 1863, it is
enacted that ' the President of the United States, when in
his judgment the public safety may require it, be, and he
is hereby, authorized to take possession of any or all the
railroad lines of the United States, so that they shaH be
considered post roads, and part of the military establishment
of the United States.'"
Thoy show that the General Government has
enough power, having the right to take all the
railroad and telegraphic lines in the United States
of America and make them military roads forthe
transportation of mails and munitions of war. I
ask any reasonable man whether the chartered
rights of the Camden and Amboy Railroad and
Transportation Company to its exclusive business
between New York and Philadelphia are notpri-
vate property as much as its railroad stock is?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ROGERS. I hope the House will grant
me ten minutes longer.
There was no objection.
Mr. ROGERS. I say that the present exclu-
sive privileges of these joint companies are their
property. That was the inducement that made
them undertake in the first place to invest their
capital in these works, and Congress has no right
to deprive them of these chartered rights, espe-
cially without it makes them compensation. Why
should the companies of these sand roads, run-
ning twenty-three or twenty-four miles out of the
way along the sand-banks of the Atlantic ocean,
be permitted to take away from these other com-
panies this private property of theirs withoutany
compensation? If the Legislature of New Jeisey
makes me a grant of property, has the Congress
of the United States a right to take that property
away from me without making me a just com-
pensation for it?
I appeal to the magnanimity and judgment of
mankind, to the well-settled construction of the
Constitution, to the principles of justice, whether
it would not be a libel on the organic law of the
land, upon the good order of society, and upon
the legislation of the country, to take away these
exclusive privileges and put then) in the handsof
foreign capitalists who did nothing to make New J
Jeisey the great inter-State railroad communica-1
tion of the United States? I cannot stand here I it
and see New Jersey overridden in tfii? manned, no!
for the purpose of benefiting the Genera! Govern-
ment, but for the.purpose of putting money into the
pockets of a few speculators in England and Wall
street. , :'j ■ J *" '
. There is not as much necessity for this ro 4
through New Jersey as there is for the air line
from' Washington to New York, whieh has been
refused, because there is only one road from he'fre
to Baltimore and one from there to Philadelphia,
while there are two lines! from Philadelphia to
New York, besides the Delaware and Raritan
canal line: , . ■
1. The «Oam<len and Amboy line, by way of
Amboy and Camden. ,  ;1
2. The New Jersey railroad-^rid Camden,and
Amboy branch line, by way of New Brunswick
and Trenton.
3. The Delaware and Raritan canal line, which
is run by steampropellers carrying four hundred
tons burden. They make the trip in less Jthan
twenty-four hours, and come through to Balti-
more or Washington, and for the transportation
of cavalry and many kinds of stores are prefer-
able to railroad cars. ,
There is also the Central railroad line running
through the State, by way of Eas'ton and Har-
risburg. ;• "
I appeal to the members of this House ig the
name of the patriotism and love of country shown
by the citizens of my native State, her great ex-
ertions in the cause of her country, her adherence
to the law, her devotion to the determination to
break down this rebellion, her revolutionary
glory, her sons who left their wives and families,
their homes and fathers, to battle under the old
flag, whose bravery and discipline have whitened
the pages of our history, the honor and interest
of the State, the chartered rights of her citizens,
and her immense outpouring of blood upon .the
battle-fields of Antietam and Gettysburg, to not
override her laws and set her courts at defiance.
This same bill was before the Senate of the
United States and tabled, and these gentlemen now
come here with it. The Postmaster General in
his report to the Senate, in pursuance of a reso-
lution of that body, says there is no necessity for
any new lines between here and New Yoik, and
shows thatthere is less necessity to establish new
routes in New Jersey than from herfe to Philadel-
phia. 1 read from his report on pages 2, 4, 5, 6,
and 7:
" The usual speed of through mail trains should be thirty
miles an hour, but to attain that speed and preserve it with
regularity, the train should not consist of more than six ears,
including the mail and baggage, attached to one locomo-
tive. This appears to be the average size of the through
trains when they leave New York, but at Philadelphia they
are sometimes increased to an extent erftirely dispropor-
tionate to the capacity of the engine, and consequently fail
to reach Washington on time." * * * * "A
double track has been completed from Jersey City to a
point three miles short of the southern terminus of the New
Jersey railroad, near New Brunswick, and is now in course
of construction, and will soon be completed the whole
length oi that road. The next road is tile Camden and Am-
boy branch, extending to Trenton. Four miles of this road
has a double tiack; it then makes a curve by which it ap-
proaches the Delaware and Iiaritan canal, on the banks of
which it runs to Trenton. • An entirely new road has been
made, some twenty miles in length, for the purpose Of
straightening this curve, and it is now u«ed hy the down
trains. This new line is mostly graded and ballasted for a
double track, and will soon be completed; butas the new and
the old lines are both used, it is now equivalent to a double
track from the Hudson to the Delaware. The next road is
the Philadelphia and Trenton railroad, on which part of a
second track is laid ; and it would have been entirely com-
pleted but for the difficulty i n getting the req uisile labor and
materials." * * * * "It thus appears that
the cinef difficulty in the way of an expeditious and cer-
tain mail service between the two cities—the want of a
double traek—will soon be removed." * * * *
" But instead of removing this inconvenience by attempt-
ing now to build a new road, the efforts of the managers of
the existing roads to improve the service would be greatly
hindered, nor are the inconveniences to which we have
been subjected such as that it can be said to be necessary
to liave an additional road."
The committee report that the chancellor de-
creed that the companies named in this bill should
pay to the Camden and Amboy Railroad Com-
pany all sums collected by the former for through
business, including the amount received for the
transportation of troops, which is not so,.and
could not be so,as the jointcompanies could only
recover to the extent of the profits of that through
business. I refer the House to the chancellor s
opinion, on page 31, which reads as follows:
"It will be referred to a master to take an account of all
the through passengers and freight which liav® beet) cat
