2218
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 11,
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the following bills, reported them
with amendments:
A bill (S. No. 190) to establish a navy-yard at
Cairo, in the State of Illinois; and
A bill (S. No. 246) for the-relief of officers,
seamen, and others borne on the books of vessels
wrecked or lost in the naval service.
Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred a resolution in-
structing the committee to inquire into the expe-
diency of amending the existing laws regulating
the jurisdiction of the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States so as to confine it to questions of law,
asked to be discharged from its further consider-
.ation; which was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred a joint resolu-
tion (S. No. 25) repealing a joint resolution to
amend the Constitution of the United States, asked
to be discharged from its further consideration;
which was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia, to whom were re-
ferred the amendments of the House of Repre-
sentatives to the bill of the Senate (No. 145) to
equalize the pay of soldiers in the United States
Army, reported them with amendments; which
w.ere ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 present to the Senate a
paper in the nature of a report from the select
committee on the Pacific railroad, containing sun-
dry tables and other matters tending to illustrate
the operation of the Pacific railroad act of 18G2,
and the operation of the amendment to that act
which has already been presented to the Senate by
the committee, and I move that it be printed for
the use of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a resolution to print
three thousand copies of the report of the Secre-
tary of the Navy on iron-clad vessels, have in-
structed mcto rcportit adversely. The document
was'ordered to be printed by the House of Rep-
resentatives, and it would be very proper to print
it for the Senate but for the fact (bat the type has
been distributed, and it would cost some three
thousand dollars.
Mr. ANTHONY also, from the same commit-
tee, to whom was referred a bill (S. No. 265) to
expedite and regulate the printing of public doc-
uments, and for other purposes, reported it with
an amendment.
COLONIZATION OF COLORED PERSONS.
Mr, WILKINSON. The Committee on Ter-
ritoiics, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
3G9) to repeal all acts making appropriation for
the colonization of free persons of African descent,
have instructed me to report it back with a rec-
ommendation that it pass, and I also ask for its
present consideration.
No objection being made, the hill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr, WILKINSON. I wish simply to state
that two years ago Congress passed two acts which
evinced, in my judgment, the extiemest folly, ap-
propriating £600,000, and placing it at the disposal
of the President, for the purpose of sending out
of fhis country free colored persons. An attempt
has been made to carry out the provisions of the
laws, and one or two cargoes have been sent to
an island in the West Indies, and the results have
been most hazardous and disgraceful. I aykthat
those laws may be repealed; that no further ex-
penditure he made in that direction.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I hope the Senator
from Minnesota will not press the passage of this
bill to-day, I shall offer no objection to its pas-
sage at the proper time, but the Senate has passed
a resolution asking for a report from the commis-
sioner of emigration of the doings under those
laws. I am very anxious that that repoit shall
come in betorethis question is pressed on the at-
tention ot the Senate. I make the suggestion to
the Senator fiom Minnesota. That report is now
being made out, and I understand will be tend-
ered to the Senate in a few days.
Mr. WILKINSON. I have no objection to
the postponement if the Senator insists upon it,
though I think that report will make no difference.
Mr. HALE. The hill had better lie over.
Mr. WILKINSON. Iain willing that it shall
go over, but I give notice that I shall call it up at
the earliest possible moment.
The further consideration of the bill was post-
poned until to-morrow.
COMMANDERS IN THE NAVY.
Mr. HALE. The Committee on Naval Affairs,
to whom was referred a bill (S. No.270) to amend
an act entitled "An act to establish and equalize
the grade of line officers of the United States Na-
vy," approved July 16, 1862, have instructed me
to report the same back with an amendment. As
this bill is one to remedy a defect in the existing
law in regard to naval appointments, I ask the
Senate to consider it now.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill. It provides that the corps of commanders
in the Navy of the United States on the active
list shall be temporarily increased so as to embrace
all who had been appointed as such prior to the
commencement of the present session of Congress,
under that construction of the law which then
Erevailed in the Navy Department; butthenum-
er thus allowed is not to exceed ninety; and no
further appointments of commanders are to be
made on the active list till the number by deaths,
dismissals, resignations, or otherwise, shall be re-
duced to seventy-two.
The second section provides that all payments
heretofore made to any officers in theNavy as com-
manders, under the construction of the law here-
tofore prevailing in the Navy Department, shall
be ratified and allowed, and the proper account-
ing officers of the Treasury arc instructed to allow
them in the same way and manneras if there were
no question as to the legality of the appointments.
The amendment of the Committee on Naval
Affairs was in section one, line nine, to strike out
the word " ninety" and insett " ninety-one."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. My impression is that in the
second line of the second section the words "cap-
tains or" should be inserted before the word
" commanders." T believe the captains have been
promotud now, but it has only been done very
iccently, and so far ay lelates to pay there should
be some retiospectivo provision for them.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the Sen-
ator move that amendment?
Mr. GRIMES. Yus, sir.
Ttie PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Iowa moves to amend the bill in section two,
line two, by inserting before the word " com-
manders"the words <s captains or;"so that it will
read:
That all pa> menu* heretofore made to any officers in the
N;ivv eaptanw or eoimnaiuleM nrniei the consttuetion
of the law heretofoie prevailing. &e.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurrcd in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
was read the third time, and passed.
GENERALS SOIIKNCK AND BLAIR.
Mr. DAY1S submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was ordered to be printed:
Whereas the PicMdcnt of the United States, in a com-
rnunicaiion to the, lloiv-e of Representatives of date 2yth of
April ultimo, o-piesents " that prior to and at the meot-
ini* of the pioMMit Con^re-^, Itohmt ('. Hclienek, of Ohio,
ami I'lancis P. Riair. jr.. of Mismhui. members-elect theie-
to, by and with tin.* con-ent of tho Senate held ( omrinssion-s
fiom the E\ernt!ve a.-i major generals in the volunteer
nmiy," and that "Cenctal Sehenck tendered the resigna-
tion ol Ins said commission and look his seat in the House
of Representatives at the a-semblmg thereof, upon the dis-
tinct veiha' understanding with the Secrctaiy of War and
the Executive that he niiirht at any time during the *e-^ion,
at his own ph\i>nre, withdiaw said resignation and return
to the j'"1 and wherein the Purulent in t-,ud commu-
nication Mate; luither that "General Blair wa«, by tem-
porary cement with General tfhmmnn, in command of
a corps through the battle in front of Chattanooga, and in
the maieh to the lehef ot Kno.\viU<j. winch orcimed in the
lattei days of December la.-t, and oi coutse was not pies-
enr at the assembling of Coni'ies*." and "that when he
i ufrequently aiuvd heieMie -sought and wa> allowed by
the Peeretaiv of War and the executive the same con-
ditions and promises a-* allowed and made to General
fciehcnek and luithei, that " Ceneial Kl.ur hold-s no mili-
tary com mi-sum or appointment other than heie.a -stated
Therefore,
Ue it icsolced, That the ariaiigemeni, aforesaid, made by
the Pievident and the Secietaiv ot War with Geneials
Schenek and Blair, to receive hom them temporal ily their
commissions of major general, with di-eretion, on their
part, at any time dimng this scmioii of Congress toicume
them, was in derogation ol the Con^tmihon of the United
States, ami not within the power of the President and the
Secietaiy ot Wai, or cilhci of tlirm, to make.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the House of Representatives had agreed to some
and disagreed to other amendments of the Senate
to the bill of the House (No. 40) making appro-
priations for the consular and diplomatic expenses
of the Governme^l for the year ending June 30,
1865, had agreed to the thirty-first amendment of
the Senate to the said bill with an amendment, in
which it requested the concurrence of the Senate,
had insisted upon its disagreement and amend-
ment as aforesaid, asked a conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses thereon, and
had appointed Mr. John A. Kasson of Iowa,
Mr. James W. Patterson of New Hampshire,
and Mr. James Brooks of New York, managers
at the same on its part.
DISASTERS ON RED RIVER.,
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I offer the following
resolution, and ask for,its present consideration:
}leiolner13 That the joint committee on the conduct of
the war be instructed to investigate the causes of the re-
cent disasteis on Red river, with power to send for persons
and papers.
By unanimous consent, the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suggest to the Senator
from Kansas that the committee has all the power
necessary. It is only necessary to instruct them
to inquire into it, I apprehend. So far as sending
for persons and papers is concerned, that power
is expressly conferred on them already.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I will change the
word " instructed" to " requested." I desire to
state to the Senate and to the country that the
command of that advance was under General
Lee, of Kansas, as gallant an officer as ever drew
sword for his country. Since the disaster he has
been ordered to New Orleans in disgrace. It is
a fact that the artillery of the army was intrusted
to a wagon train for protection; that there was
in the advance a body of cavalry under General
Lee; then came the artillery, and next to the ar-
tillery came a wagon train, upon a narrow road
cut through the timber. I understand it to be an
axiom in military affairs that artillery is to be
protected by infantry close at hand, not to be in-
tiusted to cavalry even. I am informed—and I
want the ear of the chairman of the committee—
that General Lee called frequently, demanded re-
peatedly, that the wagon train be sent ba^ck and
that infantry be forwarded to him in support of
that artillery, and that his calls and demands were
disregarded. When the assault was made, the
narrow road was filled up by this wagon train,
there was no protection for the artillery, and he
was overcome by superior numbers.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Mr. President, since I
have been in Congress I have uniformly opposed
interference by either branch or both branches of
Congress with the affairs of the armies in the field.
I do not think any good has been accomplished
by such interference. 1 think armies are best
managed by the officers in command and by those
who have control over them. I have no doubt,
sir, that if the statements m reference to General
Lee are as the Senator from Kansas represents
them—and 1 do not question them—the Army it-
self will take care of Ins reputation.
I think we have had too much for the public
good of the dismissals of officers from the Army
without trial by court-martial. Great mischief
has been done to the service by this mode of pro-
ceeding; great mischief will be done again. I
hold that no officer in the Army for aqy conduct
should bo censured or disgraced withoutthefind-
ing of a court-martial, and an oppoi tunity for him
to be heard and make his defense before that court-
maitial. I make no assault upon the committee
charged with these investigations. They have
other duties to perform and to attend to. They
hear that portion of the testimony only which is
submitted to them, and which they call before
them. Great injustice, unintentionally upon their
part, often, I have no doubt, is done by the fact
that officers have no opportunity to explain their
conductduring an action or upon the field, which
are reported upon here, and they show a different
state of facts when they are brought before a mil-
itary court for trial.
Sir, I do not think that this mode of investiga-
tion is fair, just, or useful. I opposed it when I
