1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB!,
m
san purpose, nor do I seek this in vestigation merely
-for the purpose of affecting1 the Administration in
power. I am controlled, sir, by no such purpose,
but by a sense of public duty, in seeking to arrest
the peculation and fraud which now piey upon
the country. If a public officer holding a public
trust—I care not what may be his political creed
—is charged with violating his U ust and commit-
ting fraud upon the public Treasury in a tangible
form, I e*halI"votc to secure a prompt investiga-
tion. The people whose rights are involved may
justly demand this. If the gentleman from Iowa
objects to the resolution it may be weeks, oreven
months, under the rules of the House, before it
can be brought up for action again. The responsi-
bility is with him.
Mr. GRINNELL. The gentleman from In-
diana has made an extraordinary speech in ex-
planation of his resolution. I believe, sir, that J
can speak for this side of the House that it has
never objected to any investigation where there
has been a specific charge of peculation, or that
supplies were furnished without advertising for
proposals. And this side of the House never will
object to any such investigation in the future.
"The gentleman now speaks of supplies being
furnished withoutadvertisementforproposals. I
think his resolution said nothing about that mat-
ter. He talks about a gentleman from Indiana
having suffered from the acts of'GeneralBurnside.
Let him present in his resolution a particular in-
stance of grievance, and I am one who will vote
with any side of the House for an investigation.
Butheie he makes wholesale charges, unsubstan-
tiated and without specifications, and I am op-
posed'to bringing forty different things—if I may
use that latitude of expression—into one resolu-
tion. I will unite with the gentleman in investi-
gating any particular case, and 
Mr. IIOLMAN. A question of fact spiings
up as to the contents of the resolution. 1 trust
my friend will hear the resolution again reported.
Mr. GRINNELL. Certainly.
Mr. HOLMAN. I have limited this resolution
to a paiticular matter of inquiry, to contracts en-
tered into in connection with the War Department
alone.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not under-
stand that unanimous consent is given to the in-
troduction of the resolution.
Mr. GRINNELL. I object to it.
The SPEAKER. Then the resolution is not
before the House.
Mr. GRINNELL. I wish to object with this
understanding, that 
Mr. HOLMAN. If the resolution is not ad-
mitted, I object to explanation.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
OFFICIAL REPORTS OF GENERAL ROSECRANS.
Mr. GARFIELD, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced the following resolution; which, under
the rules, was referred to the Committee on Print-
ing:
Resolved, That ten thousand extra copies of the various
official reports of Major Genera! William S. llosccrans
during the war be punted fur liie u&u of this
And then, on motion of Mr. SPALDING, (at
half past three o'clock,) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, January 14, 1864.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sundebland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EMANCIPATION AND SLAVERY.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed as the spe-
ci:i! committee under the resolution adopted yes-
terday, to take into consideration all propositions
and papers concerning shivery and the treatment
of frocdnien, Mr. Sumner, Mr. Howard, Mr.
Carlile, Mr. Pomeroy, Mr. Buckalew, Mr.
Brown, and Mr. Conness.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of War, transmitting,
m answer to a resolution of the Senate of Decem-
ber 21, 1S63, a list of the names of all officers in
the legular Army who, betwe* n the 1st day of
Detembei, I860, and the 1st day of December,
left the s< rvieo, either by iesignation or dc- ■
sertion, stating which, to engage in the rebellion t
against the Government of the United States; j
wlfcich, on motion of Mr. Morgan, was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the Mili-
tia, and ordered to be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
Senate a letter of the Secretary of War, trans-
mitting a statement showing the expenditures for
the contingent expenses of the military establish-
ment during the year iyG3; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. HALE presented a petition of citizens of
Portsmouth, New Hampshire, praying that the
aid asked by the South American Steamship Com-
pany to establish mail communication by steam
vessels with the countries of South America may
be given; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. HALE, Mr. President, I have received
a paper not exactly drawn up in the form of a pe-
tition as required by our rules, but it is in the
nature of a petition from a person employed on
board one of our naval vessels off Morris Island,
Soqth Carolina, praying for an increase of the
compensation of paymasters'clerks in the Navy.
It is in the form of a petition, but instead of being
directed to Congress, it is directed to me as chair-
man of the Committee on Naval Affairs. It re-
lates entirely to proposed legislation of Congress,
and is pertinent and proper for the consideration
of Congress, although it is not, according to the
rule, receivable as a petition. I ask the unanimous
consent of the Senate to present itand have Pre-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
There being no objection, the paper was received
and referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. CLARK presented the petition of Silas
Simpson, praying for payment for property dam-
aged and destroyed by troops in the service of the
United States; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
He also presented the petition of Frederick Mil-
ler, praying for indemnification for damages sus-
tained by him in being ejected from his residence
and place of business by a surgeon in the service
of the United States; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. RAMSEY presented a memorial of the
Legislature of the State of Minnesota, praying
for a grant of lands to make up the deficiency in
the grant heretofore made to aid in the construc-
tion of the Minneapohsand Cedar Valley railroad;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
He also presented a petition of citizens of Wis-
consin and Minnesota, praying for the passage of
an act authorizing the States of Wisconsin and
Minnesota to change their northern boundary line,
to enable the State'of Minnesota to puichase or
exchange for the mouth of the St. Louis river and
the town of Superior^ thereby acquiring a suitable
harbor on Lake Superior; which was referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. McDOUGALL presented resolutions of
the Legislature of California, in favor of the re-
duction of the tax on domestic wines; which were
reforied to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented a resolution of the Legislature
of California, m favor of the establishment of a
mail route from Keyesville to Union Mills in that
State, and also a mail route from Crescent City,
California, to Waldo, Oregon; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads.
He also presented resolutions ofthc Legislature
of California, m favor of the establishment of a
mail route from Rod Bluff to Shasta, and the es-
tablishment of post officesatZelley's Ferry, Battle
Creek, Parkville, and Buckeye in that State;
which were referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. JOHNSON presented a petition of acting
assistant surgeons of the United States Army,
praying that they may be exempted from military
duty as soldiers; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. TEN Ei CK presented the petition of
William H. Conoverand two hundred and eighty- _
three others, citizens of the county of Monmouth, :
New Jersey, praying for the enactment of a law !
providing fot the establishment of a uniform am- j
bnlancc system fo; the armies of the United j
States; which was referred to the Committee on ■
Military Affairs and the Mihtia. I
Mr. COWAN presented a memorial of citizens
of Bucks county, Pennsylvania, remonstrating
against the repeal of the $300 commutation clause
in the enrollment law; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
He also presented the memorial of William Cor-
nell Jewett, praying that the joint resolution of
Senator McDougall, regarding France, may be
promptly condemned as untimely, unjust, unwise,
and unstateemanlike; which was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented a petition of citi-
zens of Portland, Maine, praying that a pension
may be granted to Jessie Go'ujd, who was acci-
dentally shot while assisting in discharging the
guns and ammunition from the schooner Archer,
taken from the Tacony pirates; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
RESOURCES OF THE UNITED STATES*
Mr. FOSTER submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of State be requested to
transmit to the Senate a copy of the report on the resources
of tiie United States presented to the international Statis-
tical Congress, at Berlin, in September last, by Hon. Samuel
B. Ituggles, delegate to that body from the Government Of
the United States.
REPORT OF THE ARCHITECT.
Mr. FOOT submitted the followingresolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
referred to the Committee on Printing:
Resolved, That five hundred copies of the report of T. U.
Walter, architect of the Capitol extension, be printed for
the use of his office.
WASHINGTON PASSENGER RAILWAY.
Mr. ANTHONY submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be directed
to communicate to the Senate whether the Wa^toington
and Georgetown Railroad Company has made any report
to CongiebS in accordance with the piovisionsof its charter.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. GRIMES asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.No. £S)
to incorporate the Columbia Railway Company
in the District of Columbia; which was read twice
by its tiile. • '
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the bill be printedj
and I desire to say in connection with this bill,
and also in regard to one of a similar charactcr
which I introduced yesterday, that I know very
little of the general provisions of the bills or of
their merits. I only sought to inform myself as
to the respectability and responsibility of thegen-
tlemen whose names are mentioned as corpora-
tors, with a desire that both bills, and all others
of a similar character, should be referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia, and be
considered by the committee.
The bill was referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILKINSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
59) extending the limits of the northern Indian
superintendency; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS REPORT.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a resolution to print
five hundred copies of the report of the Commis-
sioner of Public Buildings, have instructed me to
report it back with an amendment, and to ask for
its present consideiation.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the following resolution!
Resolved, That five Hundred copies of the annual report
of the Commiss-'ionei of Public Buildings and Grounds be
printed for the use of the Commissioner's office.
The amendment of the committee was to strike
out all after the woid " resolved," and insert.-
That five hundred copies of the report of the Commis-
sioner of Public Buildings, and live hundred copies of the
report of the architect of the Capitol extension, be printed
foi the use ot their respective offices.
The amendment was agreed to; and the reso-
lution, as amended, was adopted.
DEAF AND DUMB, AND BLIND REPORT.
Mr, ANTHONY. The same committee, to
whom was referred the resolution to print five
