12M
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 22,
against the Union, was a legal subsisting Stats
organization under the Constitution of the Unitj3i|.
States, and entitled to recognition and respect.
Hence we did not immediately discover, that the
destruction of local government had prepared the
way for the substitution of Federal authority.
Acting under such delusions, our generals in
the field published orders and proclamations pre-
venting as well the release as the esca,pe of slaves.
Colored men were property by the (aws of Vir-
ginia, and therefore you must not let them shoot
their masters. In some instances avowed rebels
proceeded to our camps and demanded and re-
ceived the surrender of slaves, claiming them as
property, secured alike by their own State laws
and the supreme laws of the land. Belligerent
rights were adopted with caution, lest the inde-
pendence ofthe rebels should thereby be conceded.
Everywhere extreme prudence was observed, and
everywhere defunct laws of defunct States were
attempted to be galvanized into life. Even in this
Hall, for a long time during the last.Congress,
we exhibited the farce of galling South Carolina
and her sister conspirators for bills and resolu-
tions. In July, 1862, the President—with his
habitual caution and prudence, and in consonance,
it is believed, with a very extensive public senti-
ment, in a solemn document in relation to the con-
fiscation act laid before both Houses of Congress
—declared that it was " startling to say thatCon-
gress can fieeaslave within a State;" and yet, on
the 1st day of January following, he issued a
proclamation that will render his name as famous
and imperishable as that of Washington, in which
he declared freedom to nearly all the slaves in the
seceded districts.
But I repeat, we have made progress. We
have after much delay determined to confiscate
the property of rebels. We no longer drive back
the fugitive from oppression to miserable bond-
age. We no longer force him against his will to
prosecute acts of treason and rebellion, but we
invite him to partake of the blessings of freedom;
we give him a musket, and rank lum among the
defenders of the country. We have determined
to prosecute the war in accordance with the laws
of nations, disregarding the pretended constitu-
tional claims of rebels in arms. Still, sir, there is
some difference of opinion in the country in re-
gard to the proper mode of treating those States
and in respect to the power of Congress over
them. Even in this Hall we occasionally hear a
feeble echo of non-coercion sentiment; but the
voice of the people is for war and complete sub-
jugation.
Perhaps among the friends of the Administra-
tion there is'not entire unanimity on all points of
minor consideration; but 1 believe they generally
agree that the Government has,authority to su-
perintend, regulate, and control themanner of the
restoration of the seceded States to the Union, and
to impose such conditions as the public safety
may require. I regard the difference of opinion
on this side of the House as one rather of terms
than of ideas, of theory rather than of practice.
Whether, ns it seems to me, the State is out of
existence, or as is alleged by thegentleman from
Maryland, [Mr. Davis,] the State survives, hut
the government is abrogated and the constitution
is "absolutely dead," (which I think is substan-
tially the same proposition,) "and incapable of
revival cxceptby a revolutionary process ;" oras
is affirmed by the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Stevens,] the seceded States are foreign
Powers, is not perhaps material to the present
discussion. The important inquiry is not what
technical words will most aptly define the anom-
alous condition of the seceded districts, but the
pertinent, practical questions are, What can we
do with them ' How far can the national Govern-
ment exercise jurisdiction within its own territo-
rial limits.' To what extent may it intervene to
protect its own loyal citizens in the midst of rebels ?
What are its powers as an agent in the reestab-
lishmentoflawful State governments,and to what
extent may it provide for security in the future?
Each of the theories to which I have referred
asserts all the power necessary to warrant the
passage of the bill in question, as well as all the
authority that I have ever deemed requisite for a
safe reconstruction of the Government. Nor do
I perceive that the adoption of either in exclusion
of the others would produce any practical differ-
ence in results. If the State be abrogated wc may
permit a hew creation with such restrictions as
we may be pleased to direct. If the State sur-
vives, but her constitution and government have
been destroyed, we may allow a reorganization
under such conditions and with such limitations
as we see proper to impose. If the Statehas be-
come a foreign Power, then, as a conquered prov-
ince, we may treat her as a part of the national
domain; and in either case we may provide for
her people suitable government and for such length
of time as she shall be unable to resume her place
in the Union. Indeed, we are solemnly bound
by the organic law to " guaranty to every State
in this Union a republican form of government."
But how? What is the construction of this pro-
vision, and what is the extent of the obligation?
It is clear that it docs not bind the Union in any
case to maintain a State government. Such an
obligation, for reasons that 1 shall state hereafter,
would be as absurd as it would be impossible of
performance.
This clausein the Constitution, by misconstruc-
tion, as it seems to me, has led the minds of gen-
tlemen into the strangest and wildest mystifica-
tion. They argue that as a necessary consequence
of its existence, both in law and in fact, a State
once organized and admitted into the Union will
ever remain a legitimate, organized State; and
therefore, assuming this as a postulate, it is al-
leged that a State cannot secede. The truth or
falsity of this corollary depends upon what is
understood by the term secession.' The rebels,
who are entitled to the credit of introducing this
word into our political language, claim that it is
the right of a State at any time, at her election,
to withdraw peaceably from the Union. This,
in popular language, we call the doctrine of se-
cession; a doctrine, I need hardly add, to which
no loyal American will subscribe. Taking this
as the true definition of secession we saythat no
State can secede, that is, legally withdraw from
the Union without the consent of the other mem-
bers. Whether there may be secession in fact is
a question of physical power. Should the rebels
prevail and establish their independence, such a
result would not vindicate the doctrine of seces-
sion, but it would he the establishment of seces-
sion in fact. Would it not, in that event, be
ridiculous to affirm that because, by the Constitu-
tion, there is to every State guarantied a repub-
lican form of government, therefore those estab-
lished independent States were still States of the
Union?
For the same reason, it is said that no State can
commit suicide; but no sane man believes that a
policy of life assurance will secure immortality to
the assured. So it may be said that no man can
commit murder, because, in all ages, it has been
a crime against law; and the Constitution of the
United States expressly declares that no man shall
"be deprived of life, liberty, or property without
due process of law." Yet Cain slew his brother.
Gibbets, as punitive instruments, may be seen
throughout the country; and withinthe last three
years the rebelshave murderedaquarterof amil-
lion of our fellow-citizens.
Now it seems to me that the principles appli-
cable to the questions of secession, State suicide,
the abrogation of State constitutions and State
governments, are simple and easily illustrated.
No State can, without consent, legally withdraw
from the Union; therefore there can be no legal
secession. No State can release her territory and
people from the claims and injunctions of the Fed-
eral Constitution until she shall have established
her independence by force of arms; so in that
sense no State is out of the Union. When a
State, by the consent and active participation of
her officers and people, has repudiated and fore-
sworn the Federal authority and joined an antag-
onistic confederacy, she is no longer a State in
the Union; but her territory and people, until she
shall have established her enfranchisement, will
remain within thejurisdiction ofthe United States
and amenable to Federal authority. If she suc-
ceeds, whatever may be the guarantees of the or-
ganic law, her whole territory is out of the Union.
By the action of the people and the State author-
ities in making war upon the United States and
forming a foreign alliance, the State, or the gov-
ernment, if you like the term better, is out of
existence. Certainly you do not recognize the
rebel authorities, and there is no other in those
States; so it follows that there is no government
in the seceded districts that can be recognized
under the Federal Constitution. As here used, I re-
gard the terms State and government as synony-
mous, because I cannot conceive of a State, in the
sense used, as applicable to our political system,
without some kind of governmental organization.
Now, I repeat that the Constitution does not
guaranty that every State shall maintain a State
government. It does not agree that every State
shall be properly officered; that she shall pe rep-
resented in Congress, and retain her constitution,
her laws, and herorganization. It does not agree
that the machinery of government shall be kept
in operation. There is no power in the General
Government to electa Governorof a State. Nei-
ther the President nor Congress, nor both com-^
bined, can elect a Federal Senator or Represent-
ative, a member of a State Legislature, or evep
a town constable. There is no power to prevent
a State from amending, changing, or abolishing
her constitution, and should she abrogate it by a
vote of her people, there is no power in the Gen-
eral Government to make another for her. State
governments, State constitutions, and State elec-
tions spring from the will of the people. If the
people will not have them they cannot exist; you
may guaranty and protect the people against
monarchy; but you cannot be assured, and there-
fore you cannot undertake, that they will keep in
operation those functions of government without
which there can be no State.
What then is the true construction of this clause
of the Constitution? The meaning seems tome
obvious. The Federal Government has pledged
its faith that no State of the Union shall be forced
or even permitted to have a monarchical govern-
ment, and that it will render all needful aid to en-
able the people to sustain one republican in form;
but if they will not have it you cannot exercise
the functions of State governmentforthem. Such
is the present condition of the rebellious districts.
They had State governments under the Constitu-
tion and within the Union, but they tore them
into pieces and cast away the fragments. They
would not have them; they would not be pro-
tected. But amid the traitors, surrounded by the
ruins of those fallen governments, are true patriots
and loyal men. They are citizens of our com-
mon country, and entitled to all the benefits guar-
antied by the Federal Constitution. They had
not votes and arms sufficient to resist the traitors.
You have strength to crush out rebellion, but
you cannot vote nor elect officers for them. But
you can give them temporary government, repub-
lican in form, such as is now enjoyed by hundreds
of thousands of American citizens without the
limits of State organizations; and adopt prompt
and efficient jiieasures for an early restoration to
their formefrights and privileges. Such, I un-
derstand, is the purpose of the bill.
I shall not now inquire whether this bill is in
all respects the best that can be devised. On ques-
tions so grave and so new it is not to be expected
that different minds will arrive at precisely the
same conclusions', especially in matters of detail.
But it appears to me that it provides substantially
for the exigencies of the case. It asserts very
distinctly that the governments of the seceded
States have been overthrown. It declares the
right, where local laws have become extinct, to
substitute Federal authority. It provides for the
appointnftnt ofta provisional "governor, who
shall be charged with the civil administration of
such State until a State government therein shall
be recognized." It provides, "so soon as the
military resistance to the United States shall have
been suppressed in any such State and the peo-
ple thereof shall have sufficiently returned to their
obe.dience to the Constitution and laws of the
United States," and one tenth of the white male
citizens shall have taken an oath to support the
Constitution of the United States, for the calling
of a " convention charged to declare the will of
the people of the State relative to the reestablish-
ment of a State government." It excludes from
the electors of delegates, as also from the dele-
gates to such convention, every " person who has
held or exercised any office, civil or military,
State or confederate, under the rebel usurpation,
or who has voluntarily borne arms against the
United States." It provides "that all persons
held to involuntary servitude or labor in the
State" shall be " emancipated and discharged
therefrom." It provides also that there shall be
