1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL.
mm
worn soldier. Give me the man with all the spirit
and dash that a young man has aboift him when
he goes frtsh from home m all the vigor of life.
He will never fight better than he does then,and
the old idea that a soldier must be in training for
several years before he is fit for the field is not at
all applicable to our soldiery. A French officer,
who had observed our discipline, told me not
long since that onr raw regiments would learn as
much in one month as the European soldier would
in one year. They are better educated; they have
more elasticity of mind, more adaptation to any-
thing that you will put them to, more self-reliance.
There never were on the face of God's earth such
soldiers as we have. There is more intelligence
in our ranks than there ever before was in the
ranks of any army in any country in the world.
It does not take long for such men to learn the
forms of discipline to make them soldiers. I have
no doubt a short period of draft, nuxmg the re-
cruits with veterans that are trained, will result
in your always having an army sufficiently effi-
cient, and you will have in numbeis three times
as many at any given period as you possibly can
get when you go to the repulsive business of call-
ing a man into the military service for three long
years. U goes very hard to get soldiers in that
way for that term. A young man before he will
submit to that and spend the bestof his life in the
Army often resorts to every means on God's earth
.to escape it. If you require him to serve for the
period of only one year he will go cheerfully forth
to his duty; he will perform it well; he will be
mixed up with veterans, and you will have a more
numerous army, and just as efficient a one in my
judgment. Therefore I am for having them for
the shortest period. In my judgment it would
be of groat service if we could call immediately
into the field even for a less period than one year
one hundred thousand men. Concentrated as the
rebellion now is in two centeis, and assailed as it
is in those two positions by our armies, and the
whole rebellion testing on those two aunies which
are almost surrounded by our own, I believe that
if the Administration could call rapidly into the
service one hundred thousand men for six months
it would end the rebellion. I have no doubt of
it. It ia not as it was in the beginning, when the
force of the enemy as well as our own was scat-
tered over a continent as it were. Then the war
was not mapped out. Now it has proceeded, and
both sides have been concentrating until they are
stiugghng hand to hand in two places where suc-
cess on our side would end the war. So fix it
then that the Administration may, if they will,
call out for a short period a great force to assist
the veteians you have got in the field, put them
at the decisive points where the struggle is now
going on, and turn the scale in oui favor at once.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator from Ohio
i:i hh argument has asserted what I do notdeny,
that our raw ttoops are execellent at a charge.
Nobody denies that they light as well as any raw
troops on the face of the earth ever did fight. But
the Senator says that by mixing them up with
our veterans we may get an eilicientaimy. That
statement admits the whole question. The ob-
ject of my amendment was that we should never
be without veteran troops. The Senator i emem-
bers veiy well that a distinguished general, per-
haps one of the most distinguished in the whole
army, said to him in my presence, "Senator
Wade, both of these armies have fought so long
and ate such thorough soldiers that you may
lepul&e either ai my and give them one hour to ie-
organize and they will give you astifffightatthe
end of that hour." The Senator will remember
that Geneial Hancock said that to him in my
pie&cnci-'. There is the difference between vet-
erans and raw troops. L<-t raw troops be repulsed
and you cannot reoiganize them; they do not un-
derstand reoiganizing and recovering fiom a re-
.pulse, whereas if you give veterans one hour you
Will fmd thi'in in line of battle and ready to give
you as stiff a fight as ever.
Mr. WILSON. Do you call the army of the
Potomac a veteran army?
Mr. CHANDLER, it is substantially a vet-
eran aimy. it is so mixed up with veterans that
it is substantially an aimy of veterans, and 1 de-
sire always to huve enough veterans to make the
whole force a veteran force.
Mr. WADE. The army of the Potomac—
and a braver and better army never moved m the
field—is to-day composed of more than one half
green soldiers who have not been in the service
six months.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, I confess
that I do not profess to know much about mili-
tary affairs, indeed, I am as ignorant of them
as though I bore a commission as major general,
in the Army%f the United States. [Laughter.]
But, sir, I think if we can believe the reports from
officers in the field, it does not make much differ-
ence for what time a man is put into the service;
it will not take him a long time to become a sol-
dier. I recollect hearing read at the desk a few
days ago a dispatch from General Butler, in
which he spoke'of the very gallartf manner in
which the negro soldiers fought before Peters-
burg, so much so that they were flanked on the
field. Certainly they were not veterans, and it
did not take a great while for them to show their
bravery.
Mi. HOWARD. I wish the Senator would
speak louder. Wc cannot hear him on this side
of the Chamber.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I am very sorry for that,
and I think my friend has lost a great deal.
[Laughter.] I see, too, that these negroes have
another very admirable characteristic for soldiers,
much better than those which veterans have. I
read m the New York Tribune of yesterday that
they not only fight equally as well as veterans,
but they have another admirable quality which
veterans have not got; they take no prisoners
alive.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I wish to state what I know
to be the desire of this Government, and that is
that the time shall not be restricted to one year
for which soldiers shall be enlisted or drafted,
for the plain reason that the Government believe
they have authority now to draft men for three
years or any lesser period, as they may determ-
ine. What the Administration desire, what they
petition for, what they beg for from Congress,
is not that the time shall be limited to one year,
but that you will give them men in this emer-
gency. The Government believe to-day that the
only way they can replenish their exhausted ar-
mies is by striking from the statute-book the com-
mutation feature of the law; and why? It must
be plain to every Senator, as it is to every man
experienced m enlisting troops, that if youaboiish
the commutation befoie the draft, the result will
be that while the draft is going on and after men
are drafted every citizen in the country will be in-
terested in seeing that, your armies are filled,and
the efforts of every man and every woman will
be to enemuage redlining, to inspire the people
wherever they can influence them to go forward
and support the languishing and tired men who
are thrusting the bayonets and sustaining the
cause which the whole country has at heart. But
in the other case, who is interested in filling the
armies? The mote pittance of $300 buys a man
fiom the service of his country, redeems him as
it were from any service whatever, or from any
interest in this Government. Three hundied dol-
lais redeems from the service of his country or
fiom*any interest whatever in the efforts which
are being made to-day and which we have been
making for three yeais past to maintain and pre-
serve ilie Government.
Sir, all that the Administiation to-day asks of
you is tostnke thecommutationclausefrom your
statute-book and to impose no limitation as to the
time men shall serve, for the very reason that
there is power now to fix that matter; and why
so? Perhaps the Senator fiom Vei mont has read
m the statute-book the clause which limits the
sei vice of men to throe yeais, but it is within my
experience that, while that clause has been in
existence the Government has called for three
months' troops.
Mr. COLLAMER. I read from the law about
the draft.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Three months' men have
been called for and obtained for emergencies.
Mr. COLLAMER. Volunteers.
Mr. SPRAGUE. This amendment, as I un-
derstand it, resmcts the Government from ob-
taining tioops foi more thanone year. ILis that
men shall not be received for more than one year.
Mr. COLLAMER. They cannot be drafted
for more than one year.
Mr. SPRAGUE. The Government have the
power how to receive them for a year if it thinks
that tbe best pol icy"for the iritereat of the '
They have the right? which this amendment' ftf
the Senator from NewYork gives them; butthef
do not believe it necessary to put such a
tion in the law. All they ask of Congresses £& 
thority to obtain troops^ and they -believe
only vt/ay in which they can be obtairied is-by
abolishing the commutation. ' ;
Mr. -WILSON. I do not think, Mr. 'Presi*
dent, that Congress is here simply to regfeUftfife
.will of the Administration. 1 am not here for'dtoy
such purpose; and I want-the^enator from Rhode
Island distinctly to understand that lam not Heft
lg register the will of man; I am here to give the
Administration a liberal, generous, and hearty
support. But, sir, we frame the Iftws, and v^e
are to judge what is proper legislation. It beV
longs to us to say how we will raise armies
support armies. ; - !
We are lold thatthe Administration Says it ha|
the power to draft men for less than three years
urider the enrollment act. I desire to'say thai
when wc framed the bill for enroltirtg'and callh#
out the national forces, we intended to pat it" on
the same footing as raising soldiers by volunteer-
ing for three years,. That was the intention of the
committee. Sir, I reported that bill, and I hap-
pen to know whatthecommittee-intended. Idid
not suppose there was a man in America w*ho hati
any other view-of it. The idea is as clearly and
distinctly expressed as the English language'gar?
be made to express a thought. Butsupposethey
have the power, what objection can they have to
our putting the provision in this act? We are
asked to repeal the commutation clause of the
enrollment act. I will not vote to repeal that
clause and draft men for three years, and force
them into the service for that period. My posi-
tion is clearly taken on that subject.
Sir, weare told to-night that every man in the
rebel States is a soldier forced into service, and
what is the result? They have desolated the
rebel States, destroyed everythingexceptenough
for a bare subsistence; they have no commerce,
no mechanic arts, no agriculture, nothing but a
bankrupt treasury, a ruined people, and an abso-
lute military despotism. 1 do not wish to follow
that example. 1 want to fill our armies with true
and brave men, men who will fight our battles
and win our victories, and 1 want at the same
time to save agriculture, to save commerce, to
save the mechanic arts, to save manufactures, to
save all the institutions of a piosperous and ftee
people. When we come out of this rebellion I
want the loyal States to stand stronger than when
we went into it in all the elements of prosperity
and power, in filling your armies as in filling
your Treasury you must exercise your reason;
you must so legislate that while you sustain the
Government you foster and protect the interests
of the country, and make the war bear as lightly
as possible upon the people.
Acting upon that idea, 1 say the original enroll-
ment act was framed in the spirit of humanity.
The $300 clause was put into the act to make it
bear as lightly as possible upon the toiling masses
of our countrymen. Theotherexemptionswere
put in for the same object. The exigencies of
the country have forced us this session to aban-
don many of the humane provisions of the ori-
ginal act; and if it be necessary, in order to get
men into the service, to abandon (he other provis-
ions for a reasonable time, I am willing to do it.
But, sir, our infoi mation, our experience, every-
thing teaches mo that in fillingouraimies we owe
it to our neighbors, our friends, our countrymen,
to the peimanent and enduring interests of our
country, to make our laws beai as humanely and.
as lightly as possible upon our people. Last
winter when we were framing the amendatory
enrollment law, I proposed to draft men foreigh-
teen months, and 1 thought then that { believed
we could draft and put into seivice for a year five
men easier than we could one man for three years.
If we now limit the draft to one year, and the
Government will call for vast masses of men and
act with vigor, I helieveVhat before the opening
of next year the rebel armies will be broken, and
the cause of the country assured; and so believ-
ing, I contend for a reduction of the time. It is
becausc 1 believe it will stiengthen our cause that
I have advocated it, and not, as has been inti-
mated, for the purpose of relieving my State or
my section of the country. I know we are will-
