THE ^CONGRESSIONAL- GLOBE:
Marcli 22,
proceedings for recoristruet'ion, which arewot very
definitely pointed Qut-by :the terms of the procla-
rffa'tion.. It may be.'saitj that all ^incipient proceed-;
in'gs maybe instituted and directed by military
officers, and that all needful rules and regulations-
may be provided from tim<j to, tiirte, by military
orders'adapted-to the circui stah'p'{$ of .each par-
ticular case. Itmay be so. -t-liave-ncver shared-
in the frightful forebodings of approaching mil-
itary despotism by which gome, gentlemen seem
tf>be tfo.seriously.distjirbejl. : IMye tho utmost,
confidence in the ability and purity of -intention,
of the pwent Comma%der-jn-p.hief.of the Army
and Navy; butwe lmve no- right to cast upon him
those duties which the Constitution and the peo-
ple havfe clearly irifpij^ed upon ,us;, and It fcannot
 e denie4 that, according to the spirit of our po-
litical institutions, the organization of civil govt
ernment belongs rather to the civil than to the
military department. Besides, it seems to me
Hot wholly-free from danger to confide matters of
sogreat concern entirely to the hands of any Ex-
ecutive. Though we may be quite satisfied with
the present*policy, we have no assurance of its
continued duration. t Notwithstanding the Con-
stitution providesthat no person shall be deprived
of life without due,process of law, we have seen
that there is a power above the Constitution; and
death or rotation in office mightproduce the most
disastrous results.. Another Executive might
adopt a-diffcrent policy; another Commatider-im
Chief Might issua proclamations and military or
ders of art entirely opposite character; and an en-
lightened: peopile need not be told that the destin ies
of a great' nffiicmishtfuld not be made dependent
upon the life or continuance in public service of a
single individual.
I do not make these suggestions in the spirit of
unfriendly criticism. While there maybe grave
doutt of.the power of the President to establish
01*.inaugurate;"new State government^;" 1 am
rejoiced, to lwoiv that tho Chief Magistrate of the
nation-Asserts the sovereignty of the Federal Gov-
ernmene&rid its paramount authority over every
part of its territory. Thfe absurd doctrine of tho
immortality of State governments is denied; and
the right to impose terms and conditions prcco
"dent to the recognition of new organizations is dis
tinctly asserted:
"A mode in and by which the national author-
ity and loyal State governments'may be reestab-
lished " has been ".suggested}" a'mode which,in
my judgment-, if seconded by the passage of this
oil some similar bill, will be found ample, safe,
and effective. Then the system will he uniform
by which the prodigal States, from' time to lime
can present themselves with the certainty of rec-
ognition by all branches of the Government; and
theeountry will feel confidence in their return as
the'result of entire regeneration, and as giving
promise of permanent restoration. - ■
■But to avoid misapprehension 1 desire to say
that I would not-refuse to recognizes reorganized
State simply because she had not heeiv recon-
structed under the provisions of this bill and the
Presidetit'sproclamatiori. According to the prac-
tice "of'this Government, almost uniform, Slates
have beeir admitted from the Territories in pur-
suance of enaMing acts-pf Congress; but in ex-
ceptional eases some have been received without
preliminary, legislation. Shoukl North Carolina
to-day present- herself with -a constitution < pro-
viding for tho purity of elections and inhibiting
slavery, and with' evidence of sufficient populai
favor to give assurance of permanency, 1 would
not hesitate toreeognize her government simply
because it had not been initiated and perfected
under tho proclamation and the proposed legisla-
tion. It is said that Arkansas will soon' appear
at the doors of'Congress under circumstances
similar to those 1 have suggested. Let her come
I would welcome her with joy and with kindly
greeting. I would rejoice to see her stripped of
the-vile rags, rank with secession and treason,
with which she has been clothed, and the hands
of her people cleansed from the blood of patriotic
martyrs.
But the passage of this bill would exclude no
such State from the Union. Congress would still
bo at Iiheity to exercise its judgment and free to
use a wise discretion in any special case that might
■arise. But the possibility that some State or that
all the States in rebellion may at some future time
take voluntary action and emerge fiom anarchy
without-encouragement and aid from Federal au-
thority ,cannot justify u"s in the neglect of the plain
duty to adopt measures for an early and method-
ical reorganization. We may not adopt the im-
provident* policy of Micawberand waitforsome-
t-hing to-turn up. It.is due to those true patriots
and loyal men who have endured sufferings inde--
scribable in their devotion to their country that
the policy of all branches of the Government be
distinctly defined and proclaimed; that the con-
ditions precedent to acknowledged restoration be
soclearly and unambiguously definedanddeclared
that when they present themselves they may de-,
mandrecognitionasaright. All occasion forcon-
flict between the several departments of the Gov-
ernment should be removed. The "time of this
House should not be-occupied in'the examination
and acrimonious discussion of the claims of gen-
tlemen -to seats on thi3 floor as the representatives
of constituencies in districts where it is notknown
that therei is any State government. And it is
equally due to the people of tlie loyal States who
have sent-brothers, sons, and husbands to thebat-
tle-field, whence they will not all return, that ample
provisionsbe made to prevent a recurrence of trea-
son and civil war. This bill would provide guards
and checlts, and it would guaranty against surprise
from rebels and the resuscitation of slavery, but
it would not retard—on the contrary, it would ae-
celerate^-the restoration of permanent peace and
union. As a people without government or or-
ganization are in a state of anarchy, their efforts
to establish law and order must be more or less
impeded by caprice, by divided counsels, and by
the want of form, regulations, and method. The
passage of this bill is the establishment of incipi-
ent civil government, and provides at once rules,
regulations, and'system, with'the proper officials
to carry them into execution. Too much care
cannot be observed in all our movements to'pre-
vent treachery and consequent miscarriage^ The
oaths of men whose hands are dripping with in-
nocent blood should be received with great caution.
We have already on too many occasions had ex-
perience of the sad consequences of attempting to
rely' on Punic faith. The rebels have a two-fold
inducement to take the oath of allegiance: first,
to avo,id punishment and save their estates; and
second,' to get control of tho new government as
a means of crushing out tho loyal' men. aiid ad-
vancing their treacherous, nefarious schemes.
The lulviee of the imitative Sambo to his com-
panion to administer the oath to the rattlesnake
and lei. it run is sufficiently suggestive. Tlie oath
of a traitor thrice perjured may well be regarded
with suspicion.
Mr. Speaker, my exhortations to wariness in
the establishment of new State governments may
seem'indicative ofovcr caution. I contcss to great
anxiety on this subject. When I reflect upon
the ruin that has been brought upon the country;
when I know that the nation has been well-nigh
depopulated; when 1 think of'the bleeding hearts,
the' widows and orphans in every pan of the
land; when'I consider that universal liberty has
been endangered; when J can see in imagination
in this and in future generations the increased toil
and privations that will become necessary in or-
der to discharge the immense national debt accu-
mulated in consequence of this causeless 1 obeli ion,
•I am not willing that thoughtlessness, want of
foiesight, timidity, or a false seritiment of tender-
ness shall prevent the adoption of means, however
stringent in their character, that may by possi-
bility be necessary to prevent those governments
from relapsing into the hands of traitors. Such,
1 believe, are the sentiments of tho loyal people
everywhere manifested. It is their wish and de-
termination that the end of this war shall forever
close the dooragamst treason and rebellion. They
desire to make the settlement a finality. They
insist ,upon complete, absolute, and unqualified
submission to the Constitution of the United
States, without mental reservation and beyond
any contingency. Nor do they believe such a
consummation attainable without the utter anni-
hilation of the slave power. They will not be
satisfied to rest upon probabilities; they will take
nothing upon trust. They have no confidence in
men who have been, of their own free wiil, ac-
tively engaged in rebellion; and they will e_xpect
that in the reconstruction of State governments
positive provisions will bemadefordisfranchising
leading rebels.
Mr. Speaker, 1 desire now to recur for a mo-
ment to a provision of the bill to which I have
already briefly alluded. I refer to that clause
which it is proposed to insert in the constitution
of the State in which it is declared that " invol-
untary servitude is forever pi ohibited, and the
freedom of all persons is guarantied m said State."
During the time that I have occupied a seat m this
Hall I have purposely refrained from entering
upon .the discussion.of slavery. I' have not pur-
sued this course with a view to the'concealment
of my opinions. My view# as to, thp peculiar
institution are familiar to my constituents; and
the yeas and nays, so often recorded in the Journal
of the House during the last three years, woul.d
indicate that they are not wholly unknown in this
Hall. But while I am opposed to slavery in
every form and have voted on all occasions in
accordance with my convictions, I have not felt
the necessity of vindicating my opinions in set
speeches.
' The question of slavery is not new. It has been
a subject of discussion ever since my earliest rec-
'olleetion; and I have been informed that it was
occasionally mentioned in history before I waa
born. A speech at this day upon the origin, char-
acter, and evils of slavery would not properly he
called a " tlmcc-told tale." Numerically it would
be more accurate to say that it is a repetition for
the millionth time. The poet has recounted its
wrongs and cruelties in mournful strains; the his-
torian has warned you that it .saps the foundation
of nations; the divine has shown you that it is a
crime against the claims of universal brotherhood
and the Christian religion; the political economist
lias proved that it impedes the growth of national
wealth; the ethnologist complains that it oblit-
erates the distinctive characteristics of the races;
and an eminent individual, disdaining analysis,
has compiehensively declared that it is the " sum
of all villainies." Indeed,foryears the questionof
slavery has been conspicuous at the hustings, in
the Halls of Congress, in the pulpit, in the lecture-
room,in the publicjournals.in the literature of the
country, ii) the literature of the civilized world. The
man who.at this day,can originate one-new idea,
or the statistician who can marshal one new fact in
relation lo slavery,, should have a patent for his
invention, and be ranked as one of the greatest
discoverers of any age. I shall not, therefore,
departfrom the rule by which I have thus far been
governed, arid allow-myself on this occasion to
be betrayed into the character.of arehearser. Nor
shall I make an argument to prove, what by the
rebels is not denied, that slavery is the sole cause
of the present rebellion. Taking this fact as ad-
mitted, and satisfied,as I am, that such a system
of bondage is wholly incompatible -sy I th the per-
manent existence of republican institutions, I re-
gard the adoption of the freedom clause of the
bill into the constitutions of the rebel States as
absolutely essential to a safe reconstruction of the
Union.
This ubiquitous and.ever-absorbing question of
American bondage has at length become the great
problem of the war. It was not so considered at
the commencement of hostilities. While we all
understood the nature of the malady, we all, never-
theless, determined to remove the disease without
disturbing- the exciting cause. But it could not
be done. Providence and the rebels had other-
wise determined, and I accept With cheerful sub-
mission thejoint decree. Every vestige of slavery
in the entire country must be removed; and to that
end we must watch with the keenest vigilance
every step that is taken to reconstruct the rebel
States. Let the great cotton and sugar-growing
regions be made forever free. Adopt speedy and
efficient measures to procure an amendment to the
Federal Constitution that will banish theevilfrom
all the loyal States; hope for its speedy extinction
everywhere; but ever remember that so long as
a slave breathes within our borders there is no
safety for-republican institutions.
I am not unmindful, Mr. Speaker, of the an-
nouncement, so often repeated, that "slavery is
dead." The early friends of emancipation, whose
lives and fortunes have been devoted to the cause
of humanity, seeing at length a prospect of the
realization of the hope of their lives, already too
long deferred, with credulity pardonable, but too
prompt and easy, catch up and reecho the decla-
ration that slavery is dead. The demagogue, from
personal considerations, and as a plea to excuse
