200
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
had before disagreed and on questions upon the
bill itself. But I repeat, I shall be very happy to !
consider the Senator's proposition if he will bring
it in in a separate and distinct form and will not
urge it as an amendment to this propositi^ of
ixiiue now pending.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning hour
having expired, it becomes the duty of the Chair
to call up the special order.
Mr. FOOT. I hope the question may be taken.
I suppose there will be no further debate.
Mr. TR0"MBULL. I should like to inquire if
this proposed change of our rules has been under
the consideration of any committee.
Mr. FOOT. It has not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It strikes me as a very
great innovation to limit debate in this body. The
Senate has always refused to adopt the previous
question, or to place any other limit ugon debate
than that which the sense of propriety of every
Senator fixes for himself. I was here for some
years in a minority, and I thought the right of
debate a very sacred privilege. Being now in the
majority, 1 am not disposed, for one, to adopt a
rule that shall limit debate in this body. I know
we have at times been subjected to inconvenience
by debates which seemed to be unreasonable, by
opposition which seemed to be factious and for
the mere purpose of delay; but for one I would
rather submit to that inconvenience than to estab-
lish in this body a rule that would prevent the
full consideration of every subject coming before
the Senate. At ail events, I think that so import-
ant a change as this ought to be well considered
by the Senate before it is adopted. I do not know
but that the proposed rule in other respects, as to
the mode of passing a bill about which the two
Houses have disagreed, maybe the very best that
could be adopted, but I would prefer myself that
it should not be pressed to a vote this morning,
at any rate.
Mr. FOOT. LfU it go to the Committee on the
Judiciary, of which the Senator from Illinois is
chairman, that he may consider that question.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no wish to take
charge of it.
Mr. FOOT. It defeats the whole object of the
rule if a bill is left open to debate at that stage
where it proposes to cut off debate; and 1 repeat
again, it prevents debate only upon questions
which have been considered fully and deliberately
in both Houses before, and have passed the or-
deal of the concurrence of the two Houses after
a full debate. It is not the ease of shutting down
debate on a question which has not been heard.
Open it to debate, and you defeat the object of the
rule, and your whole bill is lost—that upon which
the two Houses have previously agreed. It was
that debate against time, when there was but half
an hour left of the session, that lost the appropua-
tion bill for the General Post Office four years
ago.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The unfinished
business of yesterday is appropriately before the
Senate,and this debate cannot be pursued unless
by the unanimous consent of the Senate.
Mr.TRUMBULL. If ihe Senate would allow
me, I should like to answer that last suggestion
while it is befoie the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It will be better to let it
go over until to-morrow.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will occupy but one
moment. It is merely to say, if the Senate will
indulge me, that I do not exactly understand it
as the Senator from Vermont does, that this cut-
ting off of debate is upon matters about which
the two Houses have entirely agieed. It is true
it is on a part of the bill that both Houses have
agreed to, but yet neither House lias -agieed to
pa3s that pai't without the other; and therefore it
is a new question in each House whether they
will be willing to take this portion of the bill
which might be very materially modified and
changed by the other parts which each House
has insisted upon. So it does not strike me that
it is a question which has been fully discussed in
the two Houses whether the bill in that shape
should pass or not,
Mr. FOOT. I move the reference of the prop-
« osition to the Committee on the Judicially. 1
think perhaps it had better pass the ouleal of the
examination of some one of the standing com-
mittees of the body, inasmuch as objection is
made. I supposed the proposition would meet
with unanimous favor after the experience we
have already had.
The motion to refer was agreed to.
OATH OF OFFICE.
Mr. SUMNER. I understand that the Sen-
ator from Delaware, [Mr. Bayard,] who is not
now in his seat, would be glad to be heaid on the
subject of the proposed rule of the Senate offered
by me, to-morrow, at some time,say at half past
twelve o'clock. I therefore ask the Senate to take
that up now and make it a special order for that
hour to-morrow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion can
be entertained only by the unanimous consent of
the Senate. The Chair hears no objection. The
proposed rule is therefore before the Senate. The
Senator from Massachusetts now moves to post-
pone it until to-morrow, and make it a special
order for half past twelve o'clock.
The motion was agreed to, two thirds of the
Senate concurring therein.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the House had passed the following bill and joint
resolution of the Senate;
A bill (No. 57) declaring the assent of Con-
gress to an act of the Legislature of the State of
Illinois therein named; and
A joint resolution .(No. 15) amendatory of the
joint" resolution to supply in part deficiencies in
the appropriations for the public printing, and to
supply deficiencies in the appropriations lor boun-
ties to volunteers.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
The message further announced that the Pres-
identof the United States had approved and signed,
on the 13th instant, the following joint resolu-
tions:
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 15) to provide
•for the printing, annually, of the report of the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 16) to continue
the bounties heretofore paid.
AMENDMENT OF ENROLLMENT ACT.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The unfinished
■business of yesterday is now before the Sevnate,
being the bill No. 36.
Mr. DAVIS. I rise to a question of privilege.
The VICE PRESIDENT- The Senator will
state his question.
Mr. DAVIS. It is that the question before the
Senate is upon the resolution offered by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] for my
expulsion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Not in'the impres-
sion of the Chair. That resolution was postponed
by a special vote of the Senate, and the other bill
was taken up before the adjournment yesterday.
The Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Doolittle]
moved to postpone the subject to which the Sen-
ator from Kentucky refers, and it was postponed
by the vote of the Senate. Then the unfinished
business of the day preceding came up, and on
that the Senate adjourned. That is the recollec-
tion of the Chair.
Mr. DAVIS. I barely ask leave to suggest this
question: if when there is no subject before the
Senate, a question of privilege is not always in
order, and does not always supersede all other
business?
The VICE PRESIDENT. In the impression
of the Chair it does, precisely as the Senator from
Kentucky says. •
Mr. DAVIS. Well, sir, I conceive that to be
the position of business before the Senate at this
time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair disa-
grees with the Senator in that. The bill (S. No.
3G) to amend an actentitled " An act for enrolling
and calhna: out the national forces, and for other
purposes,'" approved March 3, IS63, is before the
! Sena teas in Committee of the Whole. The pending
! question is on an amendment of the Senator from
! Massachusetts [Mf. Wilson*] to the amendment
i of the Committee on Military Affairs. Both
' amendments will be read.
I The Secretary read the amendment of the com-
mittee, which was to add the following as an ad-
I ditional section:
| JinJ be if Jurtkcr cvcc'cd. Thru much <>{ the not rub
; tk.d '".An act fur cnmUnjg and calling out the national
forces, and far other puiposes," approved on tlie 3d day of
March, 1883, as authorizes the dl?ohai«;eof peisons dtaued
into the seivieeof the United States under the authoiityof
that act upon the payment or' a sum oi money not, exceed-
ing $300, be, and the bame id hereby, repealed.
The amendment of Mr. Wilson was to strike
out all after the enacting clause of the proposed
section, and to insert:
That any person enrolled and drafted may pay to such
person as the Secretary of War may designate to reeetvc
it, $300 for the procurement of a substitute, and such per-
son so paying $30° for the procurement of a substitute shall
be exempt from draft until such time as he shall again lie-
come liable to draft by reason of the exhaustion of the en-
rollment from which the draft shall be made, but such ex-
emption shall not exceed the time for which such person
shall have been drafted: Provided, That any mariied person
not possessed of property who labors for alivelihood at^oine
trade or occupation, the annual income from which does
not exceed $400, shall pay $200: And provided father.
That any person whose taxable piopeity shall exceed
§10,00u. or who may be in receipt of an annual income ex-
ceeding $2,000, shall pay $600.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish to inquire whether
that is open to amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This is an amend-
ment to an amendment, and is notopen to amend-
ment.
Mr. COLLAMER. I hope the Senator from
Massachusetts will take oif the last part of it.
Mr. WILSON. At the suggestion of several
Senators about me, 1 propose to modify the
amendment by omitting the two provisos.
Mr.COLLAMER. Very well; thatis all I want.
Mr. WILSON. I propose to tako the question
simply upon the first portion of my amendment.
I desire not to embarrass a direct vote upon the
question of striking out the $300 clause, and I
hope we shall be able to get a vote upon it.
Mr. COWAN. Allow me to suggest to the
chairman of the Military Committee whether we
had better notactfirstupon the question as to the
time for which drafted men shall be called out.
If we shorten the time, that may have a material
bearing upon the sum put into the bill for commu-
tation, because it may be one thing to exempt a
man for $300.from service for one year, and an-
other to impose that same sum for exemption for
three yeais. I think that the question of time
should be fixed first and then we can adjust the
commutation clause.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Senator
from Massachusetts "have the goodness to state
precisely what is his modification of his amend-
ment?
Mr. WILSON. I propose to omit the two pro-
visos, so that my amendment shall read:
Any person enrolled anddiafted may pay to such person
as the Secretary of War may designate to icceive it, $300
for the procurement of a .sub-mute, and such person go
paying .<,300 lor the procurement of a substitute shall be ex-
empt liom diaft until such time as he shall acain become
liable to draft by reason of the exhaustion ot the emoll-
ment fiom which the draft shall be made, hut such exemp-
tion shall not exceed the time fot which such persons shall
have been dratted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
striking out all of the amendment reported by the
Committee on Military Affairs after its enacting
j| clause, and inserting the words just read.
ij Mr. CONNESS. 1 ask for a division of the
question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not divisible.
By the rules of the Senate a motion to strike out
and insert cannot be divided.
Mr. JOHNSON. If the amendment suggested
be adopted, I ask the chairman of the committee
whether that will repeal the original provision.
Mr. WILSON. It does not repeal it, but mod-
ifies it.
Mr. JOHNSON. Had you not better repeal it?
Mr. WILSON. I think it is not necessary to
do it in that foi m. This makes the provision more
clear and distinct. It is a simple provision. The
:! Committee on Military Atfairs have reported a
.! section proposing to repeal the commutation
!' clause. This amendment, in lieu of that, provides
that a person drafted may pay a commutation of
ij £300 for procuringa substitute, and that his name
ji shall still go on the enrollment list to be called for
j; when poisons who have not been drafted have
been called for.
;; Mr. JOHNSON. I understand it thoroughly.
.! That is not my point. The bill, as oi ignudly pro-
j, posed by the committee, repeals the antecedent
j! law under which the commutation of £300 could
I1 be paid, by the payment of which tho party was
j! discharged from all draff. I know that lawyers
If uie ve y ingenious sometimes; and particularly
