2222
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 11,
in this work, and they represent themselves to
have suffered very largely from various consid-
erations that have been suggested. The com-
mittee thought it would not be wise in the Gov-
ernment to exact to the letter the performance
of the contracts when various alterations and
additions had been made, but thought it-best to
refer it back to the Secretary of the Navy, giving
him power to ascertain by a board how the mat-
ter stood. That is the whole of it. 1 have not the
le'tters here, but they are in the committee room.
Mr. GRIMES. X think it may be necessary,
in order to have a proper understanding of this
case, that those letters should be here, and I there-
fore move that this resolution be postponed until
to-morrow. I will state to the Senate that it is a
matter of a great dea) more magnitude than they
might at the first blush suppose. Upwards of
six hundred thousand dollars are involved in it,
and I have reason to believe that the public ser-
vice would not be promoted by the passage of the
bill. Whenever this bill passes, there is to be an-
other one following it immediately for every class
of vessels that have been built for the Navy.
These contractors enter into contracts agreeing to
furntsh a vessel by a certain time. None of them
do it. I know that we have not yet got some ves-
sels that were due to the Government last Sep-
tember. These contractors can get more profita-
ble woik from individuals, and they proceed to
execute that, thinking they can come to Congress
and get an act for their relief, to extend the time
or to pay them for any extra services they pro-
fess to have rendered. In that way the Depart-
ment is able to hold no control whatever over
the contractors. In order to enable the chairman
of the Committee on Naval Affairs to procure that
correspondence between the Navy Department
and the Committee on Naval Affairs, I move that
the further consideration of the resolution be post-
poned until to-morrow.
Mr. HALE. I have no objection, if it be made
the special order. This matter is of some im-
portance, and if there is to be any relief to these
contractors they ought to know it, and iftheie is
to be no relief to them they ought to know ir, also.
I haw no objection to the motion, if the i (-solu-
tion be made the special order for one o'clock to-
moi tow.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Anthony.)
Does the Senator from Iowa accept that amend-
ment of his motion?
Mr. GRIMES. I have nothing to do with
making a special older. I only want to give the
Senator an opportunity to procuie that corre-
spondence.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object to making this res-
olution a special order. If it passes, it will only be
but the beginning of five hundred similar bills. We
shall have similar appeals from contractors who
agreed to furnish flour or supplies to the Govern-
ment, and they will have precisely the same claim.
Every person who by the rise of prices has lost
money by his contract will have the same claim.
The principle would apply to ail the various de-
partments of the Government, and 1 think would
produce disorder and confusion. I certainly would
not agree to have a resolution of this sort involv-
ing private interests made a special order, and in
that way postpone the consideration of general
business.
Mr. IIALE. It is a great mistake to suppose
that there is any such analogy as that suggested
by the Senator from Ohio. It is a principle rec-
ognized in society by every man in the case of a
contract, whether it be for the building of a ship
or a house, or anything else, that if the builder,
relying upon the honor of the person by whom
he is employed, is directed by him to make altera-
tions difierentfrom those specified in the contract,
there is an implied obligation that the man who
oiders those alterations shall pay the man who
makes them. It is upon this ground that this
lesoiution is based; that the vessels were differ-
ent from those contracted for.
There is another consideration very different
from that; and that is, these gentlemen began to
build these vessels, and got them in such a state
of forwardness before the contracts and specifi-
cations were furnished, that they weie at the
mercy of the Department, and they would have
been obliged to lose a great amount, all the money
that had been invested in them, if they had not
submitted to the requirements of the Department.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to inquire if these
facts appear in evidence, and if they ai e admitted
in the correspondence between the Naval Com-
mittee and the Secretary of the Navy?
Mr. HALE. They no not appear in the cor-
respondence.
Mr. GRIMES. Are they not denied ?
Mr. HALE. I do not understand it so. How-
ever, I can have the correspondence here to-mor-
row.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senatorfrom Iowa to post-
pone the further consideration of the joint reso-
lution now before the Senate until to-morrow.
Mr. HALE. Before that is done, there is a verbal
amendment that I desire to make in the twenty-
first line of the.resolution. I move to strike out
the word "contracted" and to insert the word
" bargained," because the contract was not act-
ually executed.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion to postpone the resolution until
to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
ENLISTMENTS IN THE SECEDED STATES.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up the bill (H.
R. No. 261) to provide for the voluntary enlist-
ment of any persons resident in certain States in
the regiments of other States. ["Oh, no."] I
want to settle it one way or the other.
The motion was not agreed to.
FRIENDLY SIOUX INDIANS..
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I ask the Senate to take
up the bill for the relief of the friendly Sioux In-
dians which is now lying on the table.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (S. No. 225) for the relief of certain
friendly Indians of the Sioux nation in Minnesota.
Certain Indians of the Sioux nation, during the
outbreak in Minnesota in 1862, at the risk of their
lives aided in saving many white men, women, and
childieii from being massacred, and, in conse-
quence of such action, were compelled to aban-
don their homes and property, and are now en-
tirely destitute of the means of support. The
bill therefore authorizes and^equests the Presi-
dent of the United States to cause an examination
to be made in relation to all me facts pertaining
to the action of those Indians, and to make such
provision for their welfare as their necessities and
future protection may icquire. For the purpose
of carrying out the provisions of this act the sum
of $10,000 is appropriated.
The Committee on Indian Affairs reported the
bill with two amendments. The first amendment
was in section two, line three, to strike out
u $30,000" and insert " $7,500."
Mr. DOOLITTLE, I will ask the attention
of the Senate for a moment, as they may not un-
derstand this case. The honorable Senator from
Iowa [Mr. Harlan] introduced this bill, which
was referied to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
It was based upon the representations of gentle-
men from the State of Minnesota cognizant of
the facts—Bishop Whipple, of Minnesota, and
the Representatives and Senators fiom Minnesota
who personally knew something of the facts—and
also from the statement of one Mr. Galbraith,
who was the agent of the Indians in Minnesota,
a letter fiom whom 1 have since received and hold
in my hand, and as it is very short I will read it
to the Senate:
Washington, Jlpril 23, 1804.
Sir* Permit me through you to i «iy a word toyoureom-
mittee upon a little mutter, which lies closer to my heair
than most tiling*. A Sioux Indian chief, named Ain" pe-tu-
to-ke clui, Christian name John Othmlay, saved my wim
and ehildien and lifty-eicht whiter liosides. at the time of
the Sioux Indian ma^aere in August and September. A.
D. lbo^. iiow he saved I shall not now stop to *ay—I
know he saved them.
J wan* tiie Government by some substantial aid to recog-
nize ihi1- act ot Christian heroism. I pray tor it; I begfoi it.
Hon. Wiluam Wisdom, ol the House of .ltepies>entatives.
will fnrnL--n you the racism this matter.
I am, sir, in luu-te, vciy regretfully, vour obedient ser-
vant, THOMAS J. GALBIlAITil,
'Indian jSgent.
Hon. James It. Poor.iTTLn, United States Senate, Chairmmt
Committee on Indian Jijjairs, c.
The facts show that this Otherday, who is one
of the chiefs, with certain other Indians there, per-
formed acts of Christian heroism m saving our i
white people from massa-cre that demand recog-
nition at the hands of the Government. 1 fully-
concurred in the purpose of the Senator from Iowa
in the bill which he mtioduced, but when we came
to examine it and discuss it in detail we thought
the sum of $7,500 would be sufficient, $2,500 of
which by another amendment is to be used for
the purpose of securing probably a farm in the
State ofMini>csota for this chiefOtherday,and the
remaining §5,000 is to be paid to theotherlndiana
who were engaged in this glorious work of saving
our people from massacre.
Mr. SUMNER. How much did the bill ori-
ginally appropriate?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Ten thousand dollars; but
we thought the sum of $2,500 for the chief, and
the other sum of $5,000, to be distributed among
the other Indians according to the terms of the
bill, would be about right.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the committee.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
add at the end of section two the following:
One third of said sum to be paid and expended for the
benefit of Am-pe-tu-to-ke-eha, or John Otherday, and the
remainder for the benefit of such other Indians as shall ap-
pear -specially entitled thereto, for their friendly, extiaor-
dinary, and gallant services in rescuing white settlers from
massacre in Minnesota: Provided, That not more than the
turn of $500 shall be expended for the benefit of any one
Indian, except the chief above mentioned; and that ilm
Secretary of the Interior shall leport to the next Congiess
the names of the Indians for whose benefit the same shall
be expended, and the amount expended for each.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
was read the third time, and passed.
INDIAN AGENT NEAR GREEN BAY.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire now to call up
Senate bill No. 247, in relation to the salaiy of
the United States agent for Indians near Green
Bay. lie is the only Indian agent, I believe, that
we have in the United States whose salary is less
than $1,500. He has three small ti ibes of Indians
upon his hands. I desire his salary to be like
that of all other agents. That will end my list of
bills for this morning.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
read a second time, and considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. It directs that the salary of
the agent of the United States for the Indians in
the vicinity of Green Bay shall hereafter be fixed
at the sum of #1,500, to commence with the next
fiscal year.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed fur a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
ACCEPTANCE OP BRITISH PRESENT.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask the Senate to proceed
to the consideration of Senate resolution No. 51.
It will take no time. It merely proposes to allow
one of our surgeons to receive a testimonial from
the British Government.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint res-
olution (S. No. 51) authorizing the acceptance of
a certain testimonial from the Government of
Great Britain was read the second time, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It au-
thorizes Surgeon Solomon Sharp, of the Navy of
the United States, to accept the piece of plate ie-
cently presented to him by the Government of
Great Britain as a mark of high appreciation of
the unremitting attention and kindness shown
by him to certain officers of the British ship
Greyhound while in the naval hospital under \m
chaige at Norfolk, Virginia.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
MILITARY INTERFERENCE WITH ELECTIONS,
Mr. POWELL, i move that the bill (S.No.
37) to prevent officers of the Army and Navy,
and other persons engaged in the military and
naval service of the United States, from inter-
fering in elections m the States be taken up, not
for the purpose of considering it to-day, but with
a view to make it the special order for Friday
next; so that on Friday the Senator from Mary-
land, [Mr Johnson,} who desires to address the
