1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
' 22235
Senate upon it, umy have an opportunity to be
heard.
The motion to take up the bill was agreed to.
Mr POWELL. I now move that it be made
the special order for Friday next at one o'clock.
Mr. CLARK. I object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER., (Mr. Anthony
in the chair.) It requires a vote of two thirds to
make the bill a special order
Mr. POWELL. I hope the Senate will allow
it to be made a special order. The bill has been
very elaborately discussed, and I think it will take
but very little more time in discussion. The Sen-
ator from Maryland desires to make an argument
upon it. T wish to fix a day for its consideration,
and then dispose of it. I move that it be made
the special orde*r for Friday next at one o'clock.
Mr. CLARK. I hope that will not he done.
I do not think we ought to make any bill of that
kind a special order at this stage of the session.
There maybe on Fnday some very impoitant
business, very.much more important than that,
that should be considered, and 1 hope the time
will not be preoccupied by making tins a special
order. I do not think it should be done.
Mr. POWELL. If there are any revenue bills
to be considered on Friday, I will not press it
against them; but this is a very important bill,
and I think-we ought to consider it.
Mr. CLARK. I will suggest to the Senator
that at any time when the Senate may not be pio-
occupied, he can move to take up the bill, and a
majotity of the Senate can take it up and consider
it; but now it requires a vote of two thirds to make
it a special order; so that if he lets his hill lie along,
if be really wants to take it up, he can make the
motion at a convenient time, and a majority vote
will be sufficient; but now it requires two thirds.
Mr. POWELL. I certainly do really desire
to take it ify, and I now notify the Senate that I
shall move to take it up on Fnday. Perhaps,
however, I can get a vote of two thirds for this
motion; and so I insist on the motion.
Mr. JOHNSON. When the bill is taken up I
desire to address the-Senate, and it makes no dif-
ference to me whether I speak on Friday or at
any other time. I have no desire to have it made
the order of the day for any particular day. An
opportunity will occur, when the Senate is not
engaged in business which it may think moie im-
portant, when it will permit me to address it on
the subject.
Mr. CLARK. I dare say that if the Senator
desires to address the Senate, the Senate at a con-
venient time will be glad to hear him, and will
take up the bill at any convenient time when he
desires to be heard.
Mr. JOHNSON. That will satisfy me.
Mr. FOOT. To that end, I move that the bill
lie on the table, and then it will be subject to the
motion of any Senator who may desire to be
heard upon it at any time, and it will be within
the control of a majority of the Senate, and I pre-
sume the Senator from Maryland can rely upon
a hearing whenever he shall desire to address the
Senate on the subject. I move that the hill lie on
the table.
Mr. POWELL. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion of
the Senator from Vermont is not debatable.
Mr. POWELL. I do not mean to debate it. I
only wish to withdraw my motion, and to give
notice that on Friday atone o'clock 1 shall move
to take up the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Kentucky withdraws his motion.
Mr. FOOT. The question is on my motion
that the bill he on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
VOLUNTEER NATAL APPOINTMENTS.
Mr. HALE submitted the following report:
The committees! conference appointed to uke into con-
fiidciatiou the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the
hill (H. It. No. 3/0)'to appoint ceitam ofliceis of the Navy,
having met, after full and free confetence have agreed and
do recommend to their respective Houses as follows :
That the House of Repiesentatives concur In the first
amendment of the Senate, and that the Senate recede fiom
the other amendments made by it to the bill.
JOHN V. HALE,
W. T. WJLLKY",
ALEXANDER RAMSEY,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
" p. a. pike,
WILLIAM D. KKLLEY,
Manager on the part of the House.
Mr. HALE also submitted the following re-
port:
The committee of eonf Pinner appointed to take into con-
sideiation the disagieemg votes of the two Houses on the
bill (jS. No. 76) ermiied "An act relating to appointments
in the naval service and courts-martial," having met, after
full and free conference have agiecd and do recommend to
their respective Houses to agree as follows:
That tiie House of Representatives recede fiom its vote
striking out the first section ot the hill, which shall be
amended so as to read as follows:
Hereafter all appointments in the volunteer naval service
of the United States above the rank of acting master shall
he submitted to the Senate for confirmation in the same
way and manner as appointments in the regular Navy are
required to be submitted.
JOHN P. HALE,
W. T. WILLEY,
alexander ramsey,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
P. A PIKE,
WILLIAM D. KELLEY,
Managers on the part of the House.
quartermaster's department.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, the bill (S. No.
154) to provide for the better organization of the
quartermaster's department, was considered as in
Committee of the "Whole, it provides that there
shall be established in the office of the Quarter-
master General of the Army the following divis-
ions, each of which shall be placed in the charge
of a competent officer of the quartermaster's de-
partment, to be assigned to such duty by the Sec-
retary of War, who shall, under such rules as
may be prescribed by the Quartermaster General,
wnh the approval of the Secretary of War, trans-
act the business of such division.
The first division is to have charge of the pur-
chase, procuiement, and disposition of horses for
cavalry, artillery* wagon, and ambulance trains,
and all other purposes for which horses may be
procured for the armies of the United States. The
second division is to have charge of the purchase,
procurement, issue, and disposition of cloth and
clothing, knapsacks, camp and garrison equipage,
and all accoutcrments of the soldier which are pro-
vided by the quartermaster's department. The
third division is to have charge of the purchase,
charter, hire, and maintenance of all vessels to be
used in the transportation of the Army, and of
prisoners of war, and of their supplies, on the
ocean, and the bays and sounds connected there-
with, and upon the northern and northwestern
lakes, including all vessels piopeiled by steam or
otherwise, owned or employed by the War De-
partment, excepting river steam vessels upon the
western rivers. The fourth division is to have
charge of the purchase, charter, hire, mainte-
nance, and procurement of all transportation for
the Army, and its supplies by land and upon
western rivers, (other than transportation by an-
imal power in the field, and at camps, garrisons,
posts, depots, and stations,) including all railroad
and telegraph lines operated by the United States
for military pui poses, and of all steam rams and
gunboats owned orcmployed by the War Depart-
ment upon the western rivers, until other disposi-
tion shall be made ofthem by competentauthority.
T.he fifth division is to have charge of the pur-
chase, procurement, issue, and disposition of for-
age and straw for the Army. The sixth division
is to have charge of the erection, procurement,
maintenance, disposition, &c., of all barracks,
hospital buildings, storehouses, stables, bridges,
(other than railroad budges,) wharves, and other
stiuctures composed in whole or in part of lum-
ber, and of all lumber, nails, and hardware for
building purposes, and of the hire and commu-
tation of quarters for officers, the hire of quarters
for troops, the lijre of grounds for cantonments
or other military purposes, and the repair and
care of all buildings and other structures in this
act mentioned, and of all grounds owned, hired,
or occupied for military purposes, except such as
are lawfully under the charge of other buieausof
the War Department; and of extra pay to soldiers
employed in erecting barracks or other fatigue
duty, under the acts of March 2, 1819, and Au-
gust 4, 1854. The seventh division is to have
charge of the purchase, procurement, issue, and
disposition of all wagons, ambulances, traveling,
forges, and harness, (except such as are furnished
by the ordnance department,) and of ali hardware
except as hereinbefore provided; and of all fuel
for officers and enlisted men, camps, garrisons,
hospitals, posts, storehouses, offices, public trans-
ports,steam rams, and Army gunboats, and of all
transportation by animal power in the field, at.
camps, garrisons,posts,depots,andstations; and
of the construction an4 repair of roads other than .
railroads; and of the compensation of wagon and.
forage masters, and of clerks to officers of the 4
quartermaster's department; antl of the purchase-'
of heating and cooking stoves; and of the eX-\
penses of courts-martial, military commissions,
and courts of inquiry, and of mileage, and al|pw>.
ances to officers for the transportation of thern-
selves and their baggage when traveling upoi|V
duty without troops, escorts, or supplies; and of
supplies for prisoners of war and such refugees '
as the Secretary of War may direct to be tempo-
rarily provided for; and of the purchase of star ,
tionery, blanks, and blank-books for the quarter-
master's department; and of the printing of the
division and department orders and reports; and
of the proper and authorized expenses for the
movements and operations of an army not ex-
pressly assigned to any other division or depart-
ment. The eighth division is to have charge of
all inspections of the quartermaster's department
and of all reports made by officers assigned to
inspection duty, analyzing and preserving the re-
ports as received, and communicating, through,
the Quartermaster General, to the chiefs of the
proper divisions such portions of these reports
as may be necessary for their information and
use. The officers assigned to inspection duty are
to have power not only to report and to point out
any errors or abuses which they may discover in
the practical operations of the quartermaster's
department, but to give, by order of t,he Quar-
termaster General, the orders which may be im-
mediately necessary to correct and to prevent a
continuance of such abuses or errors. AH such
orders are to be immediately reported to the chief
of the inspection division for the approval or oth-
erwise of the Quartermaster General. The ninth
division is to have charge of all the correspond-
ence, returns, reports, and records received,filed,
and preserved in the office of the Quartermaster
General, and of-the transmission thereof to the
several other divisions of that office and Depart-
ments of the Government.
The supplies and material for the principal de-
pots of the quartermaster's department are to be
purchased after due public notice by the heads of
the several divisions, except in cases of supplies
procured within the field of active military oper-
ations, which are purchased or taken from the
inhabitants of the seat of war or its immediate
vicinity, and except in case of emergency not ad-
mitting of delay. In military departments west
of the Missouri river, or so remote from the seat
of Government as to make this mode of supply
inexpedient, the Secretary of War may, in his
discretion, assign to officers of the quartermaster's
department the duty of making purchases and
contracts for such military departments, in whole
or in part, and of making payments therefor. Such
officers of the quartermaster's department so au-
thorized to make purchases are not to inspect,
measure, weigh,or receive the articles purchased
or contracted for by them, but such inspecting,
measuring, weighing, and receiving is to be per-
formed by the quartermasters attached to the com-
mands or depots for whose use the articles are
purchased or contracted for.
The heads of the several divisions under the
direction of the Quartermaster General are from
time to time to advertise for proposals for the sup-
plies necessary for the movements and operations
of the several armies, posts, detachments, garri-
sons, hospitals, and for other military purposes,
in newspapers having general circulation in those
parts of the country where such supplies can be
most advantageously furnished, having regard
also to the places where such supplies are to be
delivered and used; and ali such supplies so pur-
chased or contracted for are to be subject to care-
ful inspection, and all clothing and camp and gar-
rison equipage is to be subject to a double inspec-
tion, first, as to the quality of the material, and
second, as to the kind and character of the work-
manship, which inspection in all cases is to be
performed by or under the direction of the officers
in charge of the depots where-such supplies may
be ordered to be delivered, or by or under the
direction of the quartermasters of the commands
for whose use they may be purchased or con-
tracted for; and all payments for supplies so pur-
chased are to be made by the officers in charge
