1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GI#«
that, in my judgment, in hiring substitutes they
ought to be confined to the State in which the
men are drafted, so that each State will furnish
the same amount of physical service in propor-
tion to its population. Then let the draft be en-
forced fairly, and I think there will be no com-
plaint.
Although my own State especially has been
drained of its labor, although forty thousand of
- (he best men of the State have recently gone into
the service for one hundred days m addition to
furnishing our full share in all the other branches,
I believe that in the critical condition of our
country, with our armies in the presence, of the
enemy, having corraled them, if you may so say,
around Richmond and Atlanta, the peopleofOhio
will cheerfully submit to a draft if they are
thoroughly satisfied that it will be fairly enforced
in all States and sections of the Union. The only
complaint about the draft is that it is not enforced.
Take my own State for instance. A strong proc-
lamation is issued by the President of the United
States calling upon the people to volunteer and
avoid another draft. In certain communities they
go to work, and with money and the aid of all the
people heartily engaged, they furnish their share
of men, while an adjoining county has made rto
elfuit to procure men, has taiscd no money, and
after a little while the matter drops and the draft
does not take place. The consequence is that the
loyal portion of the community who are will-
ing to do everything they can do to answer the
wants of the Government, who respond in men
and money and make up their quota,aredrained,
impoverished of their labor and of their finest
young men, while an adjoining county, composed
probably of men hostile to the Government, men
who do not do their share either in money or
men, contributes nothing. The consequence is
that complaints are made, complaints of injustice
and unfairness. Sometimes itis carried to States.
In one State the draft is enforced, in anothcrState
it is not. It leads to a feeling of jealousy, of
rivalry, of hostility. In the West it is a common
complaint among certain partisans that Massa-
chusetts has not made up her share. TheSenator
from Massachusetts says she has; but that is the
ordinary way in which excitement is got up
against the draft, by saying that certain States
have not done their share.
I believe that all the people of the United States
want is a fair draft, equally and honestly enforced.
As we need physical service for a short period of
time now in the armies of the United States, we
should provide by our law for that physical ser-
vice, and for nothing else. We have provided
for money by loan laws and by tax laws. This
is no provision for the raising of money. Whether
you fix it at $500 or $300, it is not what you want,
and therefore it is not what you ought to piovide
for by legislation. I am willing to suppoit the
bill as it now stands. It has been carefully and
maturely considered, I believe, by the Military
Committee. It has now assumed a form that I
believe will be satisfactory to the people. It can
be easily enforced. The term is short. The ser-
vice is not so aiduous as three years'service un-
der the former draft. Every man will feel that he
is justly dealt by. No man can pay his money
and relieve himself from the draft. Everyman
drafted must either go or hire a substitute. Such
a law, in my judgment, if fairly enforced, will
yield the additional number of men necessary to
carry on the war to a successful and triumphant
conclusion.
Mr. HOWE. So far as I am concerned I am
not carrying on this war for fun. I accepted it
as one of the sternest duties ever imposed upon a
people, and ifone of the sternest, one of the high-
est, the first one to be met, the fiist one to be
discharged; and if it be a duty at all, I know it
is a duty resting as firmly upon one citizen as
another. Money will not answer for one man
unless it will answer for every man; and wp
know that with money alone this war cannot be
carried on. I voted just now for a proposition
to reduce the term for which this draft is to be ;
made to a period not exceeding one year. I !
voted for that reluctantly, because I do not my- |
self like to vote for a measure wliich looks to- ,
ward limiting a time for the duiation of this war j
beyond which we will not go; but I am anxious |
to get rid of this commutation clause which, I }
think, has stood in the way of our success from !
the beginning of this war down to this tijpe; and
if we are going to repeal the commutation clause
I want to repeal it during the existence of this
war, for after the war closes I am willing it shall
stand; and I understood, and it was upon that
consideration that I voted for the amendment,
that if the Senate would consent to reduce the
term for which the draft was to he made, the
Senate would also accept the proposition tore-
peal and not to amend the commutation clause.
If I had not so understood I would never-have
voted for that proposition; and I give notice now
that if the commutation clause is not repealed I
shall move to reconsider that proposition, for
when the last act amending the enrollment law
was before the Senate I voted against it; and I
?ave distinct notice, which I repeat to-night, that
never will, while reason and volition are left
me, authorize this Government to draft another
man for the military service of the Government
while it accepts any sum that can be counted in
dollars as an offset for that service. Sir, I beg
leave to say just this once that out of all the
thousands of men who have perished during thiif
terrible struggle I cannot imagine the sum that
1 would put against the life of the lowest or the
humblest of them.
The Senator from Vermont who has moved
this modification of the commutation clause de-
fends it upon just one argument, which if it be
true shows conclusively to my mind that there is
no occasion whatever for the amendment. He
assumes that with $500 substitutes can always be
had. If with $500 every drafted man can pro-
cure a substitute there is no occasion for a com-
mutation clause. I can hireasubstitute as cheaply
as the Government can; 1 do not want to employ
the Secretary of "War to act as my broker; if I
am drafted and $500 will get a man to serve in my
place, 1 can as well do itas the Secretary of War;
and your commutation clause never comes into
effect except when the lime comes that it is not
equal to the price of a substitute, and then the
drafted man if he can laise the money hands it
over to the Government and steps aside from the
service. But if $500 were fixed as the sum at
which commutation could be made, and if it were
positively known that with that sum substitutes
could be had, then there would be an insuperable
objection, in my mind, to the adoption of this
amendment; because why? Your draft would be
made, the whole machinery of the draft would be
run out first to get the money into the Treasury,
and when you had got the money into the Treas-
ury you would just have authorized the Govern-
ment to go into the market and pick up the men.
That is a work of time, and time is of the very
essence of this struggle in which we are now en-
gaged, and it has been for years of the essence of
this struggle.
Mr. President, we are in the beginning of the
fourth year of this struggle, and we have been
here for weeks contending day after day as to
whether we would or would not, still, with all
our sad experience before us, allow men, with
more money than courage, to commute for mili-
tary service. It has seemed to me that we ought
by this time to have already clothed our Govern-
ment with authority by which they could meet
the exigencies of the Army at the instant. The
Government ought already to be possessed of
all the machinery by which every able-bodied
man, if necessaiy to the achievement of victory
final and complete, might be called at the tap of
the drum from the field to the camp, the ma-
chinery by the operation of which your laborers
at home might be brought from their daily labors
into line as quick as men can be turned from their
camps at the beat of the long roll. That ought
to be done, and I shall see no certain signs of
victory until that is done.
The first step toward that, I think, is for the
Government to say that money is not a substi-
tute for military service and cannot be treated as
such; that when the Government of the United
States drafts a man itis because it wants a soldier,
and wanting a soldier will have a soldier, and it
will not take up with anything less than that. If
a man who is drafted can get a soldier for a year
or for six months, or whatever the term is, for
$500, fotk over; if you can get him for $300, it is
your good luck. Unless you can get him, do not
palm off this stuff on the Government and claim
to stand aside I would just as lief a draft
should be made -tit this time fbt six morath£ a^t a
year. < S,ix months will e!©sfe^the;eamp&ign^#lid
if you are going to make a draft for a'period l$ss
than a .year I would ^Justvas lief it should
six.months,as for twelve. I would <toe£g&<Mto
see every man when he doesembarklfor this ser-
vice embark for the war*,- but if it be^th'e* delib-
erate, judgment of the-Senate, as ft s$e*K# <0 be,
that that point had-better be given 'trp ferutho
present, then-I say I would just ss lifif'ymWOiMd
draft, for a campaign/as draft -for a
your draft,-but when the. lot has fallen- crptftfn
man see that that man - meets the duty to Whieh
he is assigned. , - - * • ■ • < *
Mr. DAVIS. * Mr, President 1 am one tot
learned in early life, acd istill adhere to the prin-
ciple, that all iegitimateigsvewment.is based^n
the will of .the people. -I believe that govern-
ment in ali its operations1 in peace ami war mast
be conducted upon that grand fundamental prin-
ciple. i believe that a war cannot be long* <toh-
tinued against the feelings and judgment and Will
of the mass of the people. That is the VesuU'Of
all my reading in relation to war and the manner
in which war has been conducted by other Gov-
ernments of the world. Whenever the hearia^d
the will of the people is earnestly in favor of a
war there is no difficulty in ■ waging' it and keep-
ing it up; but when the people flag in the prose-
cution of a war and become weary and de&p6r«l-
ent with the enormous expenditure of treasure
and biood that has attended the w£r and that is
promised in its further prosectgion, the people
shrink back appalled from the contemplation of
a continuous prosecution of such a war as that.
Mr. President, I believe that such a change as
that has come over the spirit of a majority of the
people of the United States and of the loyal peo-
ple of the United States, it is my observation,
it is my conclusion, it is my deliberate judgment
that a large majority of the people of the United
States at this time are strongly and irreversibly
opposed to the further prosecution of this war,
and desire to bring it to a close. Sir, that is my
own conviction and my own feeling in relation
to the war. At the onset I was a coercionist with
the mass of the people, and I was ao upon #he
great principle announced by the party in power,
and by this Administration, that the war was to
bo/prosecuted simply for the vindication of the
Constitution of the United States and the asser-
tion of the laws, and for a reconstruction of the
Union, with all the rights and liberties and privi-
leges of the people of the United States intact
and inviolate under the Constitution. When that
was the lofty and proud and legitimate basis upon
which this war was prosecuted, and on which
the free sons of America were summoned to the
standard of the stars and the stripes, it was only
necessary for those in authority to give out their
call to their countrymen for that call to be re-
sponded to in ranks more serried and numerous
than were desired by those who were prosecuting
the war.
Mr. HOWARD. Let me ask the Senatorfrom
Kentucky one simple question.
Mr. DAVIS. No, sir. Will the honorable
Senator excuse me?
Mr. HOWARD. Of course.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 did not get up to make a pro-
tracted speech. When I get through the honor-
able Senator can respond.
Three years ago and upwards I traveled
through a large extent of the loyal State®. I
found but one sentiment, one principle, one line
of conduct in relation to the war, and that was
perfectly responsive to the Crittenden resolution,
as it was teimed, which was proposed in this
body by Senator Johnson, from the State of Ten-
nessee, and almost unanimously adoptod by this
body. When this body spoke, responsive to
that sentiment there was but one impulse, there
was but one purpose throughout this land in rela-
tion to the war, and that was to reduce the insur-
gents to obedience to the law and to the Consti-
tution. But, sir, a change has come over the
dream of this people. They have seen the ob-
jects and purposes of the war grossly perverted;
they have seen powers usurped by those in au-
thority, not delegated to them by the Constitu-
tion, and threatening to subvert their liberties.
Many of them now believe, and I am one of the
number, that the Constitution and liberties of
this country are in! more^mrainent danger now
