2224
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 11.
of the several divisions above mentioned, upon
receipts or certificates from the officers inspecting
and receiving such supplies, prepared in such
form and attested in such manner astnay be pre-
scribed by the Quartermaster General. But pur-
chases made in the field may be paid for by the
officers authorized to make such purchases, and
payments for hire of persons employed at the
several depots, or in the operations of the quar-
termaster's department in the field; payments for
mileage to officers, commutation of their fuel and
quarters, allowances to officers attending courts-
martial and military commissions, the expenses of
such courts and commissions, occasional freights
earned by vessels and steamboats, and by trans-
portation, stage, and railroad, or other transpor-
tation companies, when not exceeding the sum of
§5,000, may be made by officers of the quarter-
master's department who may be charged with
such duty.
It is to be the duty of the Quartermaster Gen-
eral to establish depots, from time to time, at
places convenient to the principal armies in the
field, for receiving and distributing the supplies
necessary for such armies, and for the detach-
ments, posts, and hospitals most accessiblc to
such depots ; and the business of inspecting,
weighing, measuring, and receiving supplies for
such armies,'detachments, posts, and hospitals,
and of giving receipts or certificates therefor to
the persons furnishing such supplies, is to be car-
ried on as far as practicable at such depots; but
the Quartermaster General, or the heads of the
several divisions above mentioned, may cause
such supplies to be sent from the place of pur-
chase directly to the quartermasters of the com-
mands for whose use they are procured, in any
cases whercit may be more economical or advan-
tageous so to do; and in cases where horses,
clothing, or camp and garrison equipage may be
so sent, suitable and competcntinspectorsare to be
sent to examine the same before they are issued
and receipted for.
When an emergency shall exist requiring the
immediate procurement of supplies for the neces-
sary movements imd operations of an armyorde-
tachment, and when such supplies cannot be pio-
cured from any established depot of the quar-
termaster's department, or from the head of the
division chained with the duty of furnishingsuch
supplies, within the required time, then it is to be
lawful for the commanding officer of such army
or detachment to order the chief quartermaster of
such army or detachment to procure such supplies
during tlie continuance of such emergency, hut
no longer, in tin* most expeditious mannei; and
it is to be the duty of such quartermaster to
obey such order; and his accounts of the dis-
bursement of moneys for such supplies are to be
accompanied by the order of the commanding
officer, or a certified copy of the same, and also
by a statement of the particular facts and ciicum-
stftnees, with their dates, constitutmgsuch emer-
gency.
All quartermaster's supplies for the use of the
armies of the United States, except as provided
in the pieceding sections,arc to be obtained from
the established depots of the quartermaster's de-
partment, or from the heeds of the seveial divis-
ions m such manner, not inconsistent with the
provisions of this act, as the Quaitei master Gen-
eral may presciibu.
It is lo be the duty of the Quartermaster Gen-
eral, immediately atler the passage of this act,
and at least once in every three months thereafter,
to requiie fiom the principal quartet masters of
the several mihtaiy departments and depots ap-
poximate statements of the aggregate amounts
of supplies on hand and estimates of the addi-
tional amounts required foi the service for the
ensuing three months, statural what places such
supplies will be required and what amounts are
legally eon ti acted for but not yet delivered. And
it is to be the duty of the heads of the several di-
visions to purchase or contract for the supplies
which the Quartermaster General may estimate
to bo necoesary in accordance with law, and ail
quartermasters arc forthwith to turn over to the
Quartermaster General, to be assigned to the
heads of the several divisions,-all contracts not |
yet fulfilled which they may have executed on
behalf of the United States, and all proposals
which they may have received in answer to ad-
vertisements fur future supplies; and if any quar-
termaster shall neglect or refuse, for the space of
one month, to turnover to the Quartermaster Gen-
eral any such contract, such neglect or refusal is
to be deemed prima facie evidence of fraud, and it
will be the duty of the Quartermaster General to
notify the Treasurer of the United States of such
neglect or refusal, and the Treasurer of the Uni-
ted States is thereupon to suspend payment of all
checks or drafts of such quartermaster, and the
pay of such quartermaster is to be stopped until
he shall have made a satisfactory explanation to
the Secretary of War of such neglect or refusal.
If an emergency shall exist, as provided in the
fifth section of this act, and the Quartermaster
General shall believe that the public inteiests will
be promoted by allowing any such contract to re-
main in the hands of the quartermaster who exe-
cuted the same, then such contract may remain
in the hands of such quartermaster for the space
of two months, and no longer.
All inspectors of horses, clothing, fuel, forage,
lumber, and other supplies of the quartermaster's
department are to be sworn (or affirmed) to per-
form their duties in a faithful and impartial man-
ner, and for any corruption, willful neglect, or
fraud m the performance of their duties they are
to be liable to punishment by fine and imprison-
ment, by sentence of court-martial or military com-
mission; and if any contractor or person furnish-
ingsuch supplies shall give, or oiler to give, to any
inspector of such supplies, or to any olher person
for his use, directly or indirectly, any money, or
other valuable consideration, such person giving,
or offering to give such money, or other valuable
consideration, is to forfeit to the United States the
full amount ofhis contract or contiacts with the
United States, and the name and®offense of such
person is to be published in general orders, and
also in one newspaper of general circulation at
his place of residence, and it will be unlawful
thereafter for any officer of the United States to
make any contract with such person.
If any contractor or person furnishing supplies
or transportation shall give,or oiler to give, or cause
to be given, to any officer or employe of the quarter-
master's department having chuigeof the receipt
or disposition of the (supplies oi tianspoitation
furnished by him, or in any way connected there-
with, any money or other valuable consideration,
directly or indirectly, all contracts and charters
with such person are, at the option of the Secre-
tary of War, to be null and void; and if any officer
or employe of the quartermaster's department
shall knowingly accept any such money or other
valuable consideration from such person, he is to
be deemed guilty of malfeasance and be punished
by fine or imprisonment, or both, as a court-mar-
tial or military commission may direct.
The heads of the several Executive Depart-
ments of the Government may designate the
newspapers which shall be entitled to publish the
advertisements required by law to be published
by such Departments. The rates of publication
of such advertisements are not to be higher than
those paid by private individuals advertising as
largely in the same newspapers. And the twelfth
section of the "Act making appropj lations for the
naval service for the year ending the 30th June,
184 G," approved March 3, 1845, is to be repealed.
Whenevei it shall become necessary to purchase
any steam or sailing vessel for the use of the quar-
termaster's department, the same shall be first in-
spected by one or more competent naval officers
detailed in accordance with the provisions of ihe
act authorizing the detail of naval ofiiceis for the
service of the War Department, appioved Feb-
ruary 12, 1802, and all steam vessels are to be in-
spected by an officer skilled in the consti uction and
operation of steam machinery, in addition to the
other usual inspection of such vessels. And it is
to be unlawful for any officer of the quartermaster's
department to purchase any vessel for the United
States until such inspection shall have been fully
made, and until the inspecting officers shall have
repotted favorably upon the condition of such
vessel.
The officers placed in charge of the several
divisions thus to be created are, duiing the time
that they remain in such charge, each to have the
rank, pay, and emoluments of a colonel in the
quartermaster'!? department. The Quartermaster
General may, with the approval of the Secretary
of War, from time to time, and according to the
necessities of the public service, change the distri-
bution of duties among them; and all such changes
are to be forthwith published in general orders of
the War Department.
During the continuance of the present rebellion
the Secretary of War may assign to duty, as in-
spectors of the quartermaster's department, six
officers, to be selected from the regular and vol-
unteer officers who have served for not less than
one year in that department, who shall have,
while so assigned and acting, the temporary rank,
pay, and emoluments of lieutenant colonels of the
quartermaster's department. When any one of
those officers is relieved from such duty, his tem-
porary rank, pay, and emoluments will cease, and
he will return to his lineal rank in the depart-
ment.
The bill had been reported from the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia with amend-
ments. The first amendment was in line twelve
of the first section, after the word 41 horses" to
insert "and mules;" and m line fourteen to in-
sert " or mules" after " horses;" so as to make
the clause read:
The first division shall have charge of the purchase, pro-
curement, and disposition of horses and mules for cavahy,
artilleiy, wagon, and ambulance trains, and all other pur-
poses for which horses or iriuies uiay be procured for the
armies of the United States.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert the words
" and barges" after "vessels," in line twenty-
eight of section one.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
woids "principal depots of the" before "quar-
termaster's," in line two of section two; so as to
make the section read:
That the supplies and material for the quartermaster's
department shall he puicha^d after due public notice by
the heads of the seveial divisions, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strikeout the word
4< transportation" before " stage," in line thirty-
three of section three.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert the word
" mules" after " horses," in line sixteen of sec-
tion four.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line two of section
eight, after the word " horses" to insert " mules;"
and after " lumber" to insert " hired transports;"
so as to make the section read:
That all inspectors of hordes, mules, clothing, fuel, for-
age, lumber, hired transpoits, and other supplies of the
qu.utermaster's department shall be sworn, &c.
The next amendment was to insert the words
" or transportation" after "supplies," in lines
nine and ten of section eight.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the tenth
section of the bill, which was as follows:
St c. 10. Jind he it further enacted, That the heads of the
seveial Executive Department* of the Government may
de-i^nate the newspaper which shall he entitled topuhh<h
the adverti--inents lequired by )<uv to be published by such
Department: Pjovided, That the rates of publication of
mu'Ii adv< i ti^eim-nts j-hull not he luyherthan those paid by
pi ivate individuals ndvettiMiig as hu ely in the s.ame news-
paper*. Ami the twelfth action of the ",\et making ap
pn |iriatioii-. foi the imvjI ^eiviee !oi the year ending the
30th June, 1HG,*' approved Match 3,184.), shall be, and the
same is hereby, lepeuled.
Mr. GRIMES. I hope that section will not
be stricken out.
Mr. WILSON. I think it is unnecessary to
have that section m the bill; it will do no good;
and I hope, therefore, it will be stricken out; and
if Senators want to legislate on matteis connected
with advertising let it be somewhere else.
Mr. GRIMES. As the section is here I hope
the Senate will consent to let it remain here. The
first portion of the section only declares what the
law ought to be, and perhaps already is:
That the heads of the several Executive Depauments
of the Government may designate the newspapei which
shall be entitled to publish tne advertisements reqiuied by
law to be published by such Departments : Prodded, That
the rate:, of publication of such adveitis-emcnt5- shall not
be hijilu'i than tho^epanl by private iudividualsadverusing
hugely in the bame newspapers. °
That is the valuable part of the section. The
quartermaster's department, as the Senate very
well know, furnishes an immense amount of ad-
vertising; and under a provision which m some
mysterious way got incorporated into an appro-
