1248
1KB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
* Marcli 23.
negotiate a treaty with the Klamath .Modoc, and
other Indian tribes of southeastern Oregon; ana
A bill (H. R. No. 299) to provide for carrying
the mails from the United States to foreign ports,
and, for other purposes.
' HOBSB BHO, REFERRED.
The bill (No. 355) to authorize the Secretary
of the Treasury to stipulate for the release from
attachment or other process of property claimed
by the United States, and for other purposes, was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
PRINTFN& OF MESSAGE AND DOCUMENTS.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Printing, to whom was referred a reso-
lution submitted 1>y tlio Senator from Illinois [Mr.
Tromboli/Ho printfive thousand additional copies
of themessage of the President, with the accom-
panying documents, to report it adversely. I de-
sire to state that the message and accompanying
documents will make six volumes, and the eost
of printing the five thousand additional copies
would be $30,000, which the committee suppose
is more than the Senate would like to ineur for
thM<P.°WlLSON. Has not the type been dis-
tributed also? .
Mr. ANTHONY. Yes, sir. The Superin-
tendent of Public Printing states that the type has
been distributed; and if a new edition should be
ordered, such is the immense quantity of printing
already ordered for Congress and the various Ex-
ecutive Departments that the work could not be
executed at the Government printing office before
next fall.
The Senate will remember that at the last ses-
sion a bill was passed to facilitate the printing of
the public documents, which required that all the
reports should be prepared before the commence-
ment of each session of Congress, in order that
they might be printed and kid on our tables very
early in December. Some of the reports it was
impossible to present in time from the Depart-
ments,anil 1 believe it was the opinion of the War
Department that it was hardly proper to make
some of the reports public for fear they might give
information prematurely to the enemy. Those
that were presented were printed immediately;
and those that were presented after the meeting
of Congress, although not within the time pre-
scribed by law, were printed earlier than they
ever were before. The Joint Committee on Print-
ing propose to submit to Congress an amendment
to the law in regard to public printing that will
somewhat increase the number of documents of
this character printed, which is manifestly too
^mall.at present; but they hardly deem itadvis-
able to recommend the setting up of type anew.
The report of the War Department has not yet
been printed,and  t the last interview I had with
the Superintendent of Public Printing it had not
all been sent in. It was impossible to doit for the
reasons I have stated. When it is sent in it will
perhaps accomplish the object of the mover of this
resolution to have extra copies of that report
-printed, which'Can be done without resetting the
type, and at comparatively very, small expense.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before this subject passes
from the consideration of the Senate, I should like
to inquire if now would not be the proper time to
make that order for the publication of an addi-
tional number of copies of the report of the Sec-
retary of War, or the first we shall know thetype
of that report wilt be distributed. Never in the
history of the country have these documents been
so much sought for as at the present time. The
reports of the Secretary, of War and the Secre-
tary of the Navy give a history of the doings of
our Army and of the Navy duringthe past year.
They are sought for by the people very generally.
We are publishing but very few copies of them.
It seems to me that 110 expenditure we could make
would be more serviceable to the country than to
inform it of the movements of our Army and of
the Navy. Everybody is interested in them. The
perusal of these reports will haye a tendency to
increase the patriotism of the country. It seems
to me we ought to publish more than some two
or three thousand copies of them. I do not know
the precise number.
Mr. ANTHONY. Two thousand.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Only two thousand of
.those reports are published, it seems. If this is
the proper time, I will submit the motion I have
"The''PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) If there be no objection, the resolu-
tion will be considered at this time; and no ob-
jection being interposed the resolution reported
from the Committee on Printing is now before the
Senate and open to amendment.
Mr. GRIMES. Let it lieover for thepresent.
Mr! TRUMBULL. But the first we shall know
the type will have been distributed,and then there
will be additional expense.
Mr. GRIMES. It has not been sent to the
PrMr.rTRUMBULL A portion of it has.
Mr. GRIMES. Of the report of the War De-
partment?
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 understand so.
Mr. ANTHONY. A portion of the War De-
partment report has been sent to the printer.
Mr. TRUMBULL. So I supposed.
Mr. ANTHONY. The reason why the com-
mittee did not recommend the adoption of this res-
olution in substance is, that the rule of the com-
mittee is never to report in favor of printing
document without an estimate of the cost of it,
and it is impossible to get an exact estimate of
the cost of this until the whole shall have been
sent in. The Senate, however, can weigh that
objection without any difficulty, and can come to
a conclusion for themselves. The House of Rep-
resentatives has ordered ten thousand copies of the
correspondence of the State Department, which
is very voluminous and very interesting, to be
printed for the use of that Department, and that,
I suppose, will supply all the demand for that
document. Of the Navy report there have been
fifteen hundred extra copies printed for the use of
the Navy Department. .
Mr. GRIMES. But the extra copies of the
Navy report have been printed so as to put one
copy on board each vessel-of-war. Six hundred
and eighty-eight of them, therefore, have gone for
that purpose, and some of the others go to the
navy-yards, so that there are very few of them
left for distribution. ,. ..
Mr. TRUMBULL. Now it is disclosed by the
chairman of the Committee on Printing that the
House of Representatives has ordered the publi-
cation of ten thousand copies of the report of the
Secretary of State in relation to foreign affairs.
What interest does that possess to the great mass
of the people compared with the report of the
Secretary of War and its accompanying docu-
ments ? There is not a family in this land that is
not interested in watching the progress of our
arms. The people want to see the reports of our
generals. If we can publish ten thousand copies
of the foreign correspondenceof the State De-
partment, it really seems to me that we ought to
be able to publish more than two thousand of the
official reports of our generals, giving an account
of the movements of our troops, of the battles that
have been fought, in which there is scarcely a
famiiy in the land that is not interested. I sup-
pose it is competent to amend the resolution.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is open to
amendment.
Mr TRUMBULL. I move to amend the res-
olution by striking out all after the word " re-
solved," and inserting the following:
That there be printed for the use of the Senate ten thou-
sand additional copiesut" the annual reportofthft secretary
of War, and accompanying document*, communicated to
the Senate at its present session.
I will confine it to the report of the Secretary
of War, that being the most valuable.
Mr. GRIMES. It strikes me thatwe had bet-
ter let this resolution lie on the table for the pres-
ent and for this reason: I understand the chair-
man of the Committee on Printing to say that a
part of the report of the Secretary of War has
been submitted and printed, and it may be possi-
ble that the type of that portion has been already
distributed  . , _
Mr. TRUMBULL. If it has, I would reset it.
Mr. GRIMES. But then we ought to know
what that portion is. Is it the report proper, or
is it the report appended to it of some battle, or
of some engagement, or of some general. Let us
know exactly what it is that we are going to order
to be printed. It may be possible that that part
which has already been printed may be a mere
statistical part that is not of v^ry great value-
and which, through the bureaus of the War De-
partment, the Secretary of War was able to send
in at the commencement of the present session of
Congress withoutany trouble, whereas other por-
tions of it have been kept back and he has not
been able to submit those other portions up to
this time. We are legislating m the dark until
the chairman of the Committee on Printing can
tell us the exact condition of that portion of the
Secretary's report which is now in the hands of
the printer; and the resolution willfiot lose any-
thing by lying over for a day or two until we find
out what the facts are. ...
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection to this
course, (and perhaps it would be the most appro-
priate,) to let the amendment be adopted as a sub-
stitute for the original resolution, and then recom-
mit it to the committed, and let them hold it until
they can report back intelligently to the Senate as
to what the condition of the report of the Secre-
tary of War isi What I desire is to get before
the country the history of last year's doings.
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 desire to state, before the
subject passes from the consideration of the Sen-
ate, that these documents which grow more and
more voluminous every year, and which include
a great deal of useless printing for popular distri-
bution, ought tobeedited. Thereshould be some
competent person to take the whole of them, to
select those portions that are proper for popular
distribution, and have large numbers of those
printed, and of the full documents small numbers
printed for libraries. In the Navy report each
individual bid for every article of supplies or-
dered is printed 
Mr. GRIMES. That is required by law.
Mr. ANTHONY. It is required by law of
that Department, but isnotrequired by law from
any other Department; and I cannot see any pos-
sible use of it in the Navy Department. The dis-
bursements for public printing for the year 1862
were $549,000, and for the year 1863 §1,404,000.
This increase of course was rendered necessary
by the calls for printing from the Treasury and
the War Departments. The printing fqr the In-
ternal Revenue Bureau has been enormous, ail
the blanks having been printed here instead of
having them printed in the various States. . J. he
Superintendent of Public Printing estimates that
at the rate at which printing is now ordered the
amount expended this year will not be less than
$2,000,000.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to know if the
gen a tor from Rhode Island can give us any idea
of the possible extent of this publication. Will
it be one, two, or three volumes?
Mr. ANTHONY. I think it will be pretty
voluminous, but I can give no idea.
Mr. SUMNER. I understand it is proposed
that the resolution lie on the table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amend ment of the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. SUMNER. There is one remark that I
should like to make in regard to something that
fell from the Senator from Rhode Island. He said
thatthesepublicationsought to be edited. I agree
with him. They are comparatively useless from
the fact that theyare not edited and that they have
no proper index. It is absurd to print one of
these large volumes, and a collection, if you please,
,running through two or three volumes, without a
complete index. Let any one refer to the Eng-
lish Blue Books or the corresponding papers of
the Legislature of France, and he will see that
every volume is armed with a perfect and most
exhaustive index. We ought to have the same
for every volume thatwe publish, and I think
there would be no better economy of our money
than the expenditure laid out upon such a work.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I move now that the resolu-
tion be referred to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to have it
recommitted with the understanding, though it is
probably unnecessary to put it in the shape of an
instruction, that the Committee on Printing will
examine and report what portions of the report
of the Secretary of War and accompanying doc-
uments it is advisable to publish. Of course we
do not want bids and things of that kind pub-
lished.
Mr. ANTHONY. They are not published in
the War Department, but in the Navy Depart-
ment only. ♦
