1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
203
§300 commutation money, and that, in the opin-
ion of the Secietary of War, was not sufficient
to induce the enlistment of veterans,aciass which
above all others we desire again to enter the ser-
vice, and whose services are most valuable to the
Government, It will be perceived by the Senate
that the amount is not fixed at $500, but that is
merely made the maximum. The Secretary of
War, if he deems §300 sufficient, may retain that
sum. If he deems $400 necessary, he may de-
mand that; but he cannot go beyond $500. That
is the maximum. The minimum, as a matter of
course, may be just so low as is necessary to get the
substitute. There is a constant variation and
fluctuation in the value of money, and that con-
sideration must not be overlooked. Three hun-
dred dollars now is not equivalent to more than
$200al the commencementofthe war. We must
guard against a possible fluctuation in money.
We cannot make a given sum now the standard
of value, because we do not know what may be
the depreciation nor the inflation of paper money
—the difference between gold and paper money.
It is therefore difficult to fix a standard. I be-
lieve $300 is too small; and that was shown by
the fact that so many of those drafted camc for-
ward and paid the $300 instead of hiring substi-
tutes.
Now in regard to the other point, suggested by
the Senator from Rhode Island, he agrees to that
portion of this amendment which provides that if
one man is drafted and hires a substitute who is
himself subject to draft, the drafted person shall
again take his place on the roll subject to a future
draft. Now is it right or proper to give to the
payment of money a greater effect than you give
to the hiring of a substitute? There is the ques-
tion. The honorable Senator from Vermont en-
tertains the same view of the question. That is
the only difficulty with me. 1 do not care about
the details, I simply wish to get the substance as
near as possible; but it seems to me that we ought
not to give to the payment of money a greater
force than the hiring of a substitute who is him-
self subject to draft. I can see no hardship in it.
If a mail prefers to pay his money, let him take
his place on the roll subject to future draft. What
is the hardship? Ifhehiresa man subject to draft,
we all think it proper that heshould go back and
take the place of the substitute on the enrollment.
Why should you give to the payment of money
a greater force than the employment of a substi-
tute? Under the operation of the amendment sug-
gested by the Senator from Rhode Island no man
would hire a substitute subject to the di aft. Why'
Because, by paying a sum of money he could
derive agreater advantage than he would by hiring
U substitute;and therefore he would always pay
the money rather than lure a substitute. That was
the reason that induced me to insert this clause.
I think the maximum ought to be $500, consid-
ering the depreciation of paper money, the infla-
tion of prices, the abundance of money in this
country, and the price of labor which enters into
the elements of the price of a substitute. All
these things must be considered. The ordinary
wages ofacommon laborer now are fully fifty per
cent, more than they were before. If $300 was a
proper standard two years ago,itis not a proper
standard now.
I merely make these suggestions. As a matter
of course this amendment is open to amendment;
and I offerit in this case for that purpose, so that
if any amendments arc offered they may be dis-
cussed and acted upon. I look up n this ques-
tion of commutation or substitution as the most
important feature of this bill. I think therefore we
ought to consider it carefully, wisely, give to il
fuU reflection, and then adopt and stand by it. As
for the popular clamor that may be raised in regaid
to the commutation, we must meet that without
fear, favor, oraffection.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest to the Senator
that, after all, whatever sum he Axes as the price
of commutation would be very likely to be the
one fixed upon by the Secretary of War; because
men would hold themselves aloof very much from
coming forward as substitutes, and from enlist-
ing, unless the price was fixed precisely in that
way. Three hundred dollars being fixed in the
bill before, regulated very much the price of sub-
stitutes, and it was intended to regulate the price
of substitutes. If you put in $500, that will be
very likely to have the same effect. The Senator
says, in relation to this change of the sum, that i|
he merely fixes the maximum beyond which it j|
shall not go; but my friend will recollect that
when we fix a rate of interest in a loan bill, and
say it shall not exceed so much, we are very apt
to go to the maximum. People will not lend their
money unless they can get the maximum interest.
It is likely, also, if we are to continue this sys-
tem of bounties, that the sum thus fixed will be-
come the standard by which we shall regulate the
amount to be offered as bounties hereafter. Ydu
say that the bounties now offered and sanctioned
by Congress are—what? The $100 fixed by the
law originally and $300, which is fixed as the price
of commutation. Then suppose we are to go on
and have a difficulty about getting men, and the
Government, or Congress, apart of the Govern-
ment, is still to keep up this system of bounties,
will not the increase be just the same, and the
next offer be $600? My friend from Ohio and I
have had the misforture, if you please to call it
so, to stand almost alone m our views with regard
to this system of bounties and its operation upon
the Treasury, and we found ourselves most de-
cidedly overruled in every direction about it. It
seems that the Treasury is to bear these heavy
burdens. If it is, and if it is likely to be the stand-
ard hereafter, if every new call is to increase the
amount to be fixed on, I should think we ought
not to be in a hurry to fix thatsum which would
be very likely to be the next standard assumed in
relation to it.
I merely suggest these things to him. I have
really no very definite opinion on the subject, for
I have not been able to give my mind to it. lam
only looking at it, as far as I can, to guard against
evils of which perhaps I.am too apprehensive,
and yet of which I am very apprehensive in the
futuie.
Mr. AWTHONY. I propose to amend the
amendment by inserting after the word " call,"in
the twenty-first line, the following words:
Provided, That no person who has been drafted and fur-
nished a substitute or coin mutation as herein provided,
shall again be liable to draft until the picftent enrollment
shall be exhausted.
That, 1 think, meets the objection which the
Senator from Ohio raised to making a distinction
between furnishing a substitute and paying com-
mutation.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It ought to be limited as
to time, as the amendment of the SenatoV from
Massachusetts was.
Mr. ANTHONY. It is limited by the words
"until I he present enrollment shall b.e exhausted.'-
Mr. WILSON. The limitation in my amend-
ment was, " but such exemption shall not exceed
the term for which the person shall have been
drafted."
Mi. FESSENDEN. Otherwise the roll may
not be exhausted in that time.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will mention in a word
my objection to this proposed amendment. There
is no justice in it, as between the United States
and !lie drafted man. If the drafted man would
i^o into the service, as he ought to do, the substi-
tute would still stand upon the roll, and would be
liable to draft at the next turn of the wheel. Now,
ifadrafted man chooses to hire a substitute thus
subject to draft, why should he have a bcttpr place
than the substitute would have had if this ai rniige-
mentltad not been made ? It seems to me that jus-
tice between the United States and the drafted man
requires that the (liafted man should occupy the
piecise place, and no other, that the substitute■em-
ployed by him held, or would have held if the
drafted man had gone into the service, instead of
hiring a substitute. I shall therefore vote against
the amendment of the Senator from Rhode Island
to my amendment.
Mi. ANTHONY. I will add to my amend-,
ment these woids: " but such exemption shall not
exceed the term for which such person shall have
been drafted." 1 cannot see how this amendment
is unfair toward the United States. IE merely
spreads the liability over a larger suiface. It
makes two men liable for a portion, instead of
making one man liable for the whole time, arid the
United'States will have just as many men if this
amendment prevails as it will without it under the
original proposition. The only difference is that
the hardship is divided among a greater number
of persons.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the adoption of the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island to the amendment of the
Senator from Ohio, which will be read from the
desk.
The Secretary read the amend ment to the amend-
ment, in line twenty-one, after the word " call,"
to insert the following:
Provided, That no person who has been drafted and fur-
nished asubstitute or paitfeommutation as herein provided,
shall again be liable to draft until the present enrollment
shall be exhausted; but this exemption bhall not exceed the
term for which such person shall have been drafted.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio.
Mr. HARRIS. I move to amend that amend-
ment by striking out the word " five," in the
twenty-second line, and inserting "four,"-so as
to make the maximum of commutation $400.
Mr. HOWARD. If it be in order, I move to
amend the amendment by striking out that last
clause entirely.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not now
in order. The amendment of the Senator from
New York is an amendment to an amendment.
Mr. HARRIS. I ask for the yeas and nays on
thr amendment to the amendment.
The veas and nays were ordered.
Mr. "FESSENDEN. I will inquire if the
amendment of the Senator from New York were
adopted, and $400 substituted for $500, would the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Mich-
igan to strike out the clause entirely be in order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
of the opinion that it would.
Mr. JOHNSON. Suppose that amendment is
rejected, then the proposition will stand at $500.'
ThcPRESIDING OFFICER. It will so stand.
Mr. JOHNSON. Those who vote for $400
and think it should not be $300, will not be bound
to vote for the amendment should the $400 be
adopted ? . .
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks they will not,
Mr. HENDRICKS. I desire to ask, if this
amendment be adopted will it then be in order to
strike out $400 after the Senate has inserted it,
and insert $300?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair has
no doxibt, the question being taken on the largest
amount first, that it could still be reduced.
The Secictary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I wish to state, at the
request ofmy colleague, [Mr. WIi.lky, j that heis
detained from his seat by indisposition.
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 make the same statement
in relation to my colleague, the Senator recently
reelected from Maryland, [Mr. Hicks.] He is
quite sick at his lodgings.
The result was then announced—yeas 31, nays
6; as follows:
YEAS—Me-srs. Anthony, Brown, Olark, Collamer, Con-
Cowan. Davit, Dixon, Dooiittle, Fessenden, root,
Foster. Ilalo. Harding. Harris, Henderson, Hendrick?, How-
ard. Johnson, Law; of Indiana. Lane of Kansas, Morgan,
Motiill, f'omeioy, Powell, lUm*oy, Saulsbury, J en -byes',
Tmmbuil, Van Wmkic,and Wii&on—31.
NAYS— Mc>srrf. Grimes, Harlan, Howe, husjuilh} Sher-
man, and
So the amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and the question recurred on the amendment
as amended.
Mr. HOWARD. If it be in order, I will now
move to strike out the clause itself; that is to say,
the following words:
And the maximum of commutation under said act thall
hereafter be §500 instead of $000.
I think that sum is entirely too high. In its
operation, if, seems tome there is danger of its de-
feating the very object.which we have had in view
in enacting a commutation at all,for it would dis-
able a very great number of men from escaping
the military service as to whom it was the inten-
tion of Congress .to give ihem the privilege, and
it would work this effect in consequence of then-
want of means to raise the money. Besides that,
sir, I confess I do not like this sudden alteration
of a law which isso important in thepubliemind
as the present one. The sudden transition from
the S300 clause to a $500 clause would take the
country by surprise, and disappoint the expecta-
1,1 Mr, COWAN. It is now $400. The $500 has
inst been stricken out.
Mr. HOWARD. Well, I would not increase
