1250
THE, CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 23,
they^ are afraid to come back. Now I wanta par-
don for them for running away and for whatever
offenses they have committed up 10 that time.
Mr: WILSON. This bill says that they may
return " without punishment, except (he forfeit-
ure .of pay and allowances due atthe time of their
desertion and during their absence." Theobject
is to pardon them entirely.
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 want all these little of-
fenses wined out.
- Mr.WiLSON. I think it would be a very wise
arrangement, and provision is made for it in this
bill, never to return these men back to their own
regiments again. It is said that when several
thousand .of these men, I think some twelve or
fifteen thousand, returned under the previous proc-
lamation of the President and joined the ranks of
the Army and went back into theirold regiments,
there was a very deep feeling of indignation in
those regiments that they should be pardoned and
allowed to come back without punishment. The
men who had been faithful to the flag thought it
wrong that the Government should permit those
men to return without punishment; )>ut they came
backand were not punished m any'respect what-
ever, and I believe they have been as faithful as
other men ever since.
I think the true way would be this: these per-
sons who have gone out of the country should
be allowed to report at several points along the
Canadian line,say Detroit, Buffalo* Rouse's Point,
Ogdensburg, and Portland, to officers appointed
to organize them into companies, and then those
companies should be organized into regiments,
as the bill provides they may be if the President
chooses to do so; and then you can send them
away to the Southwest or anywhere else in the
coun try.
My judgment is that the bill will have a tend-
ency to bring back into the service of the United
States several thousand men who have deserted
•it. In order to hasten their return and make
them feel what they are losing, we provide in the
firstsection of the bill that in addition to the pen-
alties they have incurred they shall be deemed to
have forfeited their rights of citizenship. The
penalty of desertion is death in every case if they
are brought back and the courl-miu tial chooses
to inflict it upon them. Perhaps all of them are
not morally guilty of the crime. Some of them,
perhaps, ran away thoughtlessly, and did not
mean to commit such an offense at* they have com-
mitted; but they are in reality guilty of the crime
of desertion, and the penalty of death rests upon
them. We provide in addition to all (he penalties
now upon those who refuse to return, that they
Shall he deemed and taken to have voimitanly iclin-
quishcd and t<>ricit<-d tJieij i ights of iMti/.eiislii|> <>| the Uni-
ted tftatey, and their i ights to become cur/,ens thereof, and
^ such deseiter ^hall thereafter he ineaji.thle of holding any
office ol mm or profit under the United ritato*, or of ex-
ercising any of the lights of citizen* ol tho United States
Mr. CARLILG. If the Senator will permit
me, the object of the Senator from Vermont, it
seems to me, might be obtained by insertingafter
the word lt punishment," in the eighth line of the
second section, the words, 44 fordesertion or any
offense committed by them while in the service."
That would reach the suggestion of the Senator
from Vermont. It would he a general amnesty,
not only for desertion, but for any misdemeanor
that might have caused desertion.
Mr. WILSON. I am not clem- that it irf best
to put that in. This bill now covers all the cases
r>f desertion from the service.
Mr. COLLAMER. Has notthePresidentthat
power now?
Mr.WiLSON. He has the power to pardon
them after they arc tried; but he has not the power
to get them back. He has not the power to par-
don them in advance. There is no Jaw that allows
it, and he cannot issue any such notice. Congress
passed an act to allow him to do it once, and he
did it under the positive order and direction of
Congress; but the Pi est dent ran not issue any such
proclamation of his own motion.
Mr. COLLAMER. ThePresident, under the
Constitution, has the power before a man in tried
i\t nil to pardon him for any offense.
Mr. WILSON. They do not so understand it.
Mr. COLLAMER. ft is so; and a man may
go nun court and plead his pardon.
Mi. WiLSON. The question has been piessed
on the Government by Army offict rs and <>thei«
for the Jayt throe or Jour mouths; but the Presi-
dent artd the Secretary of War felt that they ought
not to do it, and that they had not the power to
do it without the sanction of Congress. They
may technically have that power; but we passed
an act through Congress requiring the President
within thirty days after the passage of the act to
issue a proclamation of'pardon, and that procla-
mation brought back to the service of the coun-
try from twelve to fifteen thousand men.
Mr.-CLARK. If the Senator will allow me
I will state a case which will perhaps illustrate
this whole matter, and show that the President
thinks he does possess the power. A case oc-
curred within a few weeks past—and this will
show how easily men may get out of the Army
as well as how easily they may be returned—
where a young man from my own State received
a furlough, because he was sick, to go home. He
was not well enough to return when his furlough
expired, and his physician undertook to get him
an extension of that furlough, and afterwards to
get him a discharge; but he failed to do it. The
young man became frightened, understanding that
his name wns borne on the books of his com-
pany as a deserter, and he did not dare to go
back to his company. But he would not quit
the service, and he went and employed himself
as a teamster for a quartermaster. After lie had
been in that service something like a year, he be-
came dissatisfied. Ho felt for his father; he felt
for his friends; he felt for himself. He did not
like to be considered as adescrter. Nobody had
ever apprehended him. He had sometimes been
back to his own company and they had known
him; and yet nobody would arrest him.
He came to me some little time ago and ex-
plained the matter to me. I went to the Picsi-
dent and laid his case before him. The Presi-
dent said to me, " If that young man will go back
and serve in his company and regiment faith-
fully 1 will give him a pardon, Bring him up
here and let me see him." I did not carry hnn up
there, butthe President sent me a piudon for that
young man, and he has gone back to the service
and 1ms never been tried. The President has the
power without any law to do that. lie may send
any of these menlmck.
And now, while I am up, perhaps the Senator
will permit me to say that 1 doubt very much
whether we ought to bring these men back in this
way. If they will not return upon the voluntary
proclamation of the President they willbefoiever
expatriated. The Piesident may authorize them
to come back and go into the service if he will,
and have we the power under the Constitution,
let me inquire, to direct the President and say
I hat he shall issue this proclamation and shall par-
don these men? Aie we not attempting to use
.the very authoiity which was given to the pres-
ident by the Constitution? We say in the second
•section that lie shall do it, that he shall issue a
proclamation promising them that if they return
there shall be no further punishment. That is
left entirely in the discretion of the President, ac-
cording to the Constitution; it is not left to a law
of Congress. While I would be very glad to
have these people return, as many of them as will
upon proclamation, there maybe danger in it.
As is suggested to me by the Senator fiom Iowa,
[Mr. Grimes,] it may demoralize the Army. It
may show to the men in the Army how easily a
deserter can return and how slight a punishment
is inflicted. 1 know there is great objection on
the part of true and loyal soldiers to havedesert-
eis by the sideofthem. They may be organized
in separate legimcnts, but what would a regiment
of deserters be worth, and where would you put
them except in jail or prison ? Who would want
to command them except a deserter?
I have been of opinion that severity, more se-
verity than wc have been exercising on these de-
serters, was necessary and useful. I know there
are a gieat many of them, and we cannot punish
them all; but 1 snsrgest to the Senator whetherit
would not be better to lea\e this matter entirely
in the hands of the Executive. If he does not
choose to issue his piocianmt.on and offer to these
people pardon if they will come back, they will be
just where the bill proposes to put them—fotuver
expatriated. They will notdaie to return. If they
do, they will come back as a thaf m the night,
and not dtue to show themselves. They will for-
ever he a living and a standing punishment, an
example to everybody, with the mark of Cain
Upon them. I think that the matter stands well
ositis. I doubt whether the bill will do good.
Still lam not opposed to it if the military author-
ities think it to be necessary upon more consid-
eration than I have given it.
MILITARY INTERFERENCE WITH ELECTIONS.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The morning
hour having expired, it isincumbent on the Chair
to call up the special order of the day. The Chair
will remark by way of explanation that there
are two special assignments for this hour. The
first is the joint resolution (S. No. 16) proposing
amendments to the Constitution of the United
States, which was assigned for this day at one
o'clock as a special order. The other is the bill
(S. No. 37) to prevent officers of the Army and
Navy, and other persons engaged in the military
and naval service of the United States, from inter-
fering in elections in the States. That comes up
as a special order, being the unfinished business
of the last day's sitting; and according to the ex-
press rule of the Senate, as the unfinished busi-
ness of the preceding session, it takes precedence
among the special orders. That bill, therefore,
is now before the Senate; and upon it the Sena-
tor from Michigan [Mr. Howard] is entitled to
the floor.
M*r. TRUMBULL. Before the Senator from
Michigan proceeds, as the special order for to-day
is superseded by the unfinished business of yester-
day, which I very much regret, I desire to ask that
the joint resolution which was the special order for
to-day be made the special order for to-morrow,
so that it will come up to-morrow. I hope the
Senate will consent that we take it up then, and
not have it postponed by other matters again.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That order
will be entered, if no objection be made, without
the question being put on themotion.
Mr. SUMNER. There is a special order for
to-morrow. I merely makearemark with a view
to the public business. The special order for to-
morrow is a bill which was assigned, I think,
on the motion of the Senator from Iowa, [Mr.
Grimes.]
Mr. GRIMES. That will notstandin the way
of the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope to be able to take
up the Navy appropriation l>ill to-morrow.
Mr. POWELL. I hope the bill which is now
up will be pressed until there is a vote on it. -I
dislike to have any special order made for to-mor-
row. The Senator from Maryland, as I under-
stand , desires to follow the Senator from Michigan
in the discussion of the bill which is now before
the Senate. I hope the Senator from Illinois will
not insist upon his motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Illinois moves the postponement of the bill
under consideration with the view of taking up
for consideration the joint resolution proposing
amendments to the Constitution, for the purpose
of making that resolution the special assignment
for to-morrow at one o'clock.
Mr. DA VISv 1 do not like that mode of doing
business. I think that when the Senate has taken
up a subject and is progressing in its discussion
it ought to finish that subject by continuous ac-
tion from day to day before taking up another,
lt seems to me that the practice of blending de-
bates upon different subjects is not the best mode
of doing business. I hope, myself, that the sub-
ject upon which the honorable Senator from
Michigan intends to address the Senate to-day
will be disposed of before any other subject is
debated.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I presume that the re-
marks of the Senator from Michigan to-day may
refer to occurrences in my own State which have
been investigated by the Legislature of that State,
and if so, I should like an opportunity to reply
to his remarks so far as they may relate to that
State. I hope, therefore, that if the Senator from
Michigan speaks to-day upon the bill introduced
by the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Powell,]
an opportunity will be allowed to such of us as
may feel called upon to reply in behalf of our
States and the people of our States, to do so with-
out the intervention of any special order which
may possibly prevent the hill now before the Sen-
ate from being considered at a future day. If I
knew that even next week we could call up this
bill again, and be allowed to reply to the remarks
