2226
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
May 11,
mittee on Patents one or two Congresses since I
have been a member of the Senate, and we had
before us a good many applications for the ex-
tension of patents by acts of Congress. During
the period that I was a member of that commit-
tee we revised the law on the subject, and extend-
ed the period of time for which parties could take
out patents, so that I think it is now seventeen
years.
Mr. COWAN. Twenty-one.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I had forgotten the exact
time. It used to be fourteen years. Congress was
troubled with these applications for the extensions
of patents. Almostevery party who had a patent
would come with an application, and introduce
testimony to show that his improvement was a
valuable one, and that he had been subjected to
litigation or to some extraordinary expense that
had prevented his realizing from it the profits
which he thought the discovery had entitled him
to, and therefore he would want his patent ex-
tended. As the law formerly stood authority
was given to the Commissioner of Patents in cases
of that character to extend the patent for seven
years, when the patent originally was taken out
for fourteen years. On making a proper show-
ing that he had used due diligence in order to in-
troduce his invention to the public, that notwith-
standing this duedihgencc he had, from some un-
foreseen obstacle or other, been unable to realize
a fair remuneration for his discovery, the Com-
missioner of Patents was authorized to extend
the patent for seven years further, making the
whole term twenty-one years. There it was sup-
posed the thing would end.
But now what is this case ? These parties ob-
tained their patents in 1843, almost a generation
ago. They had them originally for fourteen years,
which, in the judgment of Congress, was a suffi-
cient period of time for a party, by the use of or-
dinary dilligence, to receive a fair reward for the
discovery which he had made, if it was of any
value to the country. Congress supposed that in
a period of fourteen years, if a discovery was a
valuable one, a patentee could introduce it to the
public so as to receive a fair compensation for the
impi ovement. These parties had fourteen years.
They then applied to the Commissioner, in 1857,
and obtained, each of them, seven years more.
They have had twenty-one years, and now they
come again and say that from the peculiarity of
these patents they have not yet been able to make
money enough out of them. Whether these are
valuable discoveries or not 1 do not know. I sup-
pose the Committee on Patents have satisfied
themselves on that subject, that they are valuable
discoveries, and I suppose the committee have
satisfied themselves that these men have exer-
cised, not only during the fourteen years but the
seven years additional, due diligence, and have
not been able yet to receive a fair remuneration
for the labor they were at in perfecting these dis-
coveries. But it does seem to me that it is set-
ting ft wretched precedent for Congress, by spe-
cial legislation, to extend patents beyond twenty-
one years.
Hut gentlemen will say, " We do not propose
to do that, we propose to let the Commissioner
of Patents do it, just the same as if it had not
been extended once." That amounts to the same
thing. Whenever you pans an act of Congress
of this character, the Commissioner of Patents
takes it as a sort of license to extend the patent,
and not only a license to extend it,butasan expres-
sion of the opinion of Congress that it ought to
be extended. These parties are now to go before
lum just the same as if they had had but one term,
without having had an extension already.
If wc adopt this proposition we shall have ap-
plications for cxtensionsin almostevery case. It
must be a very peculiar case that will ever justify
me in voting to extend a patent by act of Con-
gress, or to authorize a party to apply a second
time to the Commissioner for this extension. J
did vote for one case. I think there were two
casts while 1 served upon the Committee on Pat-
ents where authority was given to extend the
patents, but they were very peculiar. One was
where a pat ty had made his application for exten-
sion in due time: he had not had the seven years'
extension, but he made his application in due
time, senr on his papers regularly, but from some
failure of the mails they were not received m time.
Another was a case where the patentee, where
the improvement was valuable, went crazy, be-
came insane, and in consequence of his condition
the application was not made at the proper time,
and it was shown that his family were poor, and
that he had never received a fair compensation
for his invention. I think in those two cases bills
were passed; but there is no such peculiarity
shown about this case, and, for one, I ho^e Con-
gress will not adopt the system of allowing patents
to be extended beyond the period of twenty-one
years. I think it is long enough.
Mr. TEN EYCK. Mr. President, in the pres-
ent condition of the Senate I know it is hazardous
to add any further expressions on the subject,
because I think the Senate are disposed toward
an adjournment, or, perhaps, have grown weary
of this business, but I may, perhaps, be excused
for making a short reply to some of the objections
urged by the Senator from Illinois in relation to
this bill.
I think the general scope of his remarks would
go as well against the granting of any patent ori-
ginally as against the proposed extension of these
patents. The theory upon which we have granted
patents is encouragement in the useful arts and
manufactures, an inducement held out to men of
genius and ingenuity to set their wits to work in
order to benefit mankind by inventions and im-
provements, and that they should have some re-
muneration or return for the exertions they make
in that direction. In this case two patents are
proposed to be extended. In regard to one of them
£ have more knowledge than of the other, be-
cause the place of business is located within the
borders of my own State, although the invention
was originally in the State of New York. My
knowledge in regard to it enables me to say that
there is a necessity for the extension of that pat-
ent at the present time, if we recognize the prin-
ciple upon which we grantpatentsatali. It is an
improvement m the pipe as a conduit for water;
it is claimed to be an improved mode of coating
the interior side of metal water-pipes with hy-
draulic water-cement; and from its very nature
and character it requires the lapse of time to
prove its usefulness and its durability. The public
have been cautious and wary in expending large
sums of money in the use and employment of
this kind of pipe, because in the first instance the
purchase of the pipes and fitting them up and lay-
ing them beneath the surface of the ground is at-
tended with gieat expense; and it was hazardous
to employ this impiovement and embark in a
very great expense lest it might all turn out to be
insufficient. It was not known till the lapse of
many years whether this cementwouldetand the
corroding influences of the water, mixed with va-
rious substances that are to be found in water,
and would prove to be valuable; and it is proved
by the affidavit of the parties interested m the
patent that for a period up to within three or four
yeaia past this patent was altogether unremuner-
ative; but within the last three or four years a
company has been established and located, and
by the experience which has been afforded from
the lapse of time, a few pipes having been laid
down many years ago, the public have gained
confidence in it, and they are being generally in-
troduced.
It appears that the whole amount of receipts
fortius patent have been nine per cent, upon the
money expended, and that is all. The statement
made by the applicant was in round numbers, in
general terms,of the expenditures attendantupon
the introduction of the business and the receipts
derived from the introduction of the pipe in pub-
lic use. We thought as a committee that we were
not able to take up this balance sheet and critic-
ally examine it; that it would be better for us to
pass a bill, which is a sort of enabling bill, au-
thorizing the parties to go before the Commis-
sioner of Patents, who is a kind of watch dog,
and who will not allow these patents to pass
through unless they stand on the principle which
authorizes the extension of a patent after it has
been granted for fourteen years in the first in-
stance; and that is all this bill proposes to do, to
refer these parties to the Commissioner, to require
them to lay before him a statement of their busi-
ness to show whether it has been remunerative;
and if the Cmmissioner of Patents should be of
the opinion that it has not been, he is authorized
to extend the patent for seven years longer. If
he should be of a contrary opinion? the matter
falls to the ground. We thought the Commissioner
was better able to judge of the merits of this ap-
plication than either the Committee on Patents or
the Senate itself acting hastily on a measure of
this kind.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. TEN EYCK. 1 hope the Senator will
allow this matter to be settled. There is certainly
a quorum here or about the Chamber. There have
been but three bills reported from the Committee
on Patents during the session, and this is the sec-
ond one that has been acted on.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Massachusetts,
The motion was not agreed to.#
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on ordering the bill to be engrossed for a third
reading.
Mr. COWAN. I have a single word to say in
regard to this bill. The question raised by the
honorable Senator from Illinois is whether a pat-
ent, after it has once been extended according to
the laws in force, shall ever thereafter be extended
or not. If the Senate will determine that question
definitely and precisely as it arises on these bills,
I am very free to say it will save the labor of the
Committee on Patents perhaps more than one half
the work it has to do. But if we are to be guided
by the principle that he who invents a valuable
improvement ormakes a valuable discovery shall
be entitled to the exclusive use of that improve-
ment or discovery until he is remunerated, then
I think we shall be going in accordance with the
past conduct of the Senate in that respect, and
that these cases will then furnish examples which
are within'the rule.
Here is Fitzgerald, who invented, as he alleges,
a valuable improvement in fire-proof safes; but
how was the public to know whether it was a
valuable improvement or not ? A man may keep
a safe for twenty years before a fire occurs by
which to test it, and a great many accidents may
occur in the mean time to prevent this invention
from being remunerative to him. It was not re-
munerative after he had it fourteen years. He
alleges that it is notremunerative after he has had
it twenty-one years, and that he can show that
to the Commissioner of Patents if he has an op-
portunity to go before him. All that we enact in
this bill, if it becomes a law, is that he shall have
that opportunity. Ball's case is very similar.
He invents a hydraulic cement for the purpose of
coating the interior of metal water-pipes. How
long is that to be tested before the community
will have confidence in it, such confidence m it
as tp make it profitable for his remuneration?
He says that the twenty years he has already
had have not sufficed for that purpose, and that
he desires an extension of seven years. The bill
says to him, "If you can satisfy the Commis-
sioner of Patents that it has not been remunera-
tive, then it may be extended for another period
of seven years."
I should be glad to have a determination of the
Senate on the first question, shall patents be ex-
tended at all after they have been once regularly
extended? If non-extension in such cases is to
he the rule, it ought to be known, because then
it will be useless to consider such cases any fur-
ther. If they are to be extended after having
been once extended, I have no hesitation in say-
ing that these are fit cases for the operation of
that enabling power in Congress, and the appli-
cations ought to be granted.
Mr. HALE. How long is it since the patents
cxpiied ?
Mr. TEN EYCK. Neither has yet expired.
Mr. SUMNER. It seem to me—I rimy be par-
doned for*eaymg a word—that it is very difficult
to answer the suggestion of the Senator from
Pennsylvania. In short, the argument of the Sen-
ator from Illinois is against any extension of a
patent 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Unless there is some cas-
ualty without the fault of the patentee which pre-
vents the full enjoyment of his rights.
Mr. SUMNER. Unless there has been some
casualty without his fault which prevents the en-
joyment of his rights. The Senator alluded to his
experience on the Patent Committee, it so hap-
■ pened that the Senate placed me in yearn past on
i that committee for some time, and while there the
I rule that I followed was to go against an exten-
