204
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
it at ail. I think §300 is as near the mark as we
can conveniently fix it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Michigan proposes to amend the amendment
by striking out the last clause of the amendment
in the following words:
And the maximum of commutation under said act shall
hereafter be $400 instead of $300.
Mr. COWAN and Mr. HOWARD called for
the yeas and nays, and they were ordered.
Mr. HALE. I wish to inquire of the Senator
from Michigan how that will leave the bill in re-
gard to the commutation, if this clause is stricken
ogt?
Mr. HOWARD. This increases the commu-
. tation.
Mr. HALE. But suppose it is stricken out?
Mr. HOWARD. That will leave it at $300,
as it has bocn since the act was passed.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 23, nays 14; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Buekal<nv, Clark, Oollamcr,
Cowan, Davit, Dixon, Fc^cndcn, Foot, Hale, Henderson,
Hendricks, Howard, Johnson, Lane of Indiana, Lane of
Kansas, Morrill, Powell, Hanlsbury, UVn Eyck, Trumbull,
Van Winkle, ami Wilson—iW.
NAYS—Messrs. Chandler, (Jonness, Doolittle, Gumes,
Hardin??, Harlan, Harris, Howe, Moigan, Nesmith, Pomc-
joy, Ramsey, Sherman, and Wilkinson—14.
So the amendment to the amendment was agreed
. to.
The amendment, as amended, was adopted.
Mr. I*IOWE.t I move now further to amend
the bill by adding as an additional section:
Sec—. JhxA le it Jurlher enactcd, That all sums pan! to
the Government, or to any officer thereof, by persons drafted
into the military service of the United States, by way of
commutation for such seivice-s, shall constitute a fund
which shall be equally distributed among the several per-
sons who shall be diatted into and enter upon the s-ame ser-
vice nndcr the same call of the President, one third of which
shall be paid at the termination of each year's seiviee:
Provided, That any portion of sueh bounty remaining un-
paid whenever any such drafted person shall die in the ser-
vice,or shall be honorablydlsoharged therefrom,shall then
be paid in full to such discharged soldiei, or to the legal rep-
resentatives of such deceased soldier.
The Senate lias already decided that it will not
abolish all commutation; it has already decided
that it will not compel a man who is drafted to
cither serve or employ a substitute; it has already-
decided that it will exempt a man from service
on the paymentof a given sumof money, whether
that sum is sufficient to employ a substitute or
not; and it has already decided that it will not re-
quire a'man to pay more than $300. Now, 1 do
not think that is just; I do not think we have a
right to say, as we have said by the force of our
votes, that we will allow a man in large business,
deriving a large income from it, possessing, if you
please, a large fortune, to be exempt from mili-
tary service upon the payment of $300, when we
say at the same time that that is not sufficient to
lure a man to take his place. 1 wrrs anxious to re-
tain a provision alio wing com mutation for personal
service, but I wanted to take care that the sum
should be sufficient to secure substituted service,
or that the person who could not avail himself of
the commutation should bo benefited by the pay-
ment of it. I still shall not object to the net re-
sult of the different votes we have taken if you
allow the money which is raised from commuta-
tions to go into the pockets of those who go into
the Army. They have to serve because they
cannot pay the $300. You will still have taken
care, since the name of the man who pays the
money is still borne upon the roll, that the Army
shall be filled up to its maximum, and therefore
the drafted man is not injured by being compelled
to serve in depleted ranks, which has been an in-
jury we have inflicted upon him often heretofore,
if you now provide that he shall have the benefit
of the money which is paid for commutation, he
. has then no reason to say that he is injured by
the paymentof the commutation. On the other
hand, he is benefited. The Government is not
impoverished in any sense, because it does not
come out of the Treasury. You lighten thebur-
dens which would otherwise fail upon the shoul-
ders of those upon whom these burdenssitheavi-
esf, and who use d,epiived by adveise fortune of
ail pecuniary ability to escape these burdens. 1
want to vote on the amendment, and I ask for the
yens and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered- and being
taken, resulted—yeas 10, naysSG; as follows:
y Meccie. C< ane.c,l)avi-,Di.\ynj Doolntte, Hend-
ricks, Howe, Lane of Indiana, Ramsey, Saulsbury, and
Wilkinson—10.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Btickalew, Chandler. Clark,
Cowan, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Hale, Harding, Harlan,
Hams, Hendeison, Howaid, Joh.w>u, Moigan. Mornli,
J'omeioy, Powell, Sherman, Spragtie, Sumnei, Tea Eyck,
Ttumbull, Van Winkle, and Wilson—26.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. DIXON. I now offer the amendment
which 1 proposed a few days since in regard to
clergymen. It is to insert as a new section:
And. be it further enactcd, That all persons recognized as
clergymen or mimsteis of religion by the ecclesiastical au-
thority of the denomination or communion to winch they
belong, when called into the militmy sei vice under this act,
shall be regarded as non-combatants and employed as chap-
lains or in hospitals.
Mr. WILSON.- I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out all after the enacting clause,
and inserting:
That ministers of the gospel and members of religious
denominations conscientiously opposed to the bearing of
arms may, when drafted into the military service, be con-
sidered non-combatant-*, and shall be assigned by the Sec-
retary of War to duty in the hospitals or to the care of
frecdmen, or shall pay the miiii of $300 to Mich person as
the Secretary of W;u shall designate to receive it, to be ap-
plied to the benefit of the sick and wounded soldiers ; and
such dratted pci&ons vhnll then be exempt from draft dur-
ing the tune for which they shall have been drafted.
Mr. HARLAN. I will inquire of the chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs if he
will not accept, as a modification of his amend-
ment, the addition of the following words after
the word "arms" in the third line of his amend-
ment:
And who are prohibited from doing so by the rules and
articles of faith and practicc of said religious denomina-
tion,
Mr. WILSON. 1 accept that modification.
Mr. SUMNER. Let it be read now as a
whole.
The Secretary read, as follows:
That ministers of the gospel and members of religious
denominaiions conscientiously opposed to the beaiingof
aims, and who me prohibited from doing so by the inles
and articles of faith and practice of said religious denomi-
nation, may, when drafted into the miluaiv service, be
consulted non-combatants, and shall be assigned by the
Secretary of War to do duty iu the hospitals, or to the carc
of freedmen, oi '•hall pay the sum of $300 to tnch person
a?, the Secretary of War shall designate to receive it, to be
applied to the benefit of the sick and wounded soldiers;
and such dial'tcd persons shall then be exempt from draft
dining the time for which they shall have been drafted.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am in favor of this amend-
ment, but I think as it stands now it is liable to
abuse. I think the persons claiming exemption
on thegroundsofreligious conviction should make
it appear before some tribunal or officer that their
walk and conversation has been in accordance
with their religious profession.
Mr. COWAN. That is a wide field.
Mr. ANTHONY. Forinstance,Uke the mem-
bers of the Society of Friends, I think they ought
to be exempted from military duty, but there are
many young persons in the Society of Friends,
who arc in membership of the society, who have
no objection at all to bearing arms and who do go
into the military service. Thereuroagreat many
members of that society in the military service.
Mr. HARLAN, The amendment as it now
stands meets the case the Senator fiom Rhode
Island suggests precisely. It provides for the
case of those who are conscientiously opposed to
bearing arms and who are prohibited from doing
so by the rules of the society of which they aie
members. If they are not conscientiously op-
posed to bearflig arms, then, of course, they are
not exempted, although they may be members of
such asOciety. Throwing tn these words "pro-
hibited by the rules of the society" would pre-
vent persons, I suppose, from making a pretense
of that kind. The society to which the Senator
has refcired has had a rule of that kind, I have
understood, ever since its foundation, a period of
more than two hundied years.
Mr.SAULSBURY. Mi. President,thisamend-
, men t, if ad op ted, will not practically result, 1 think,
i in exempting cleigymen, while it will exempt
ij members of the Society of Friends. 1 confess that
j1 I, for one, am in favor of exempting the mem-
'■ bers of tiiut society. 1 would not require them
,i to do military duty when rhey have been brought
| up from then* early childhood in opposition to
lj beaiing arms. But, sir, the amendment proposes
not only that the minister or preachei who asks
!j to be exempt shall be conscientiously opposed
i! himself to beaung aims, but he must be prohib-
ited from bearingarms by the articles of faith of
his church. Under that provision there is no cler-
gyman of the Episcopal church, no clergyman of
the Methodist church,no clergyman of the Pic-s-
byferian church, or theBaptist church, or the Cath-
olic church, and no Jewish -teacher who, I appre-
hend, would be privileged frdm beating arms in
this contest, because there is no article in the faith
of any religious denomination that I know of, ex-
cept, perhaps, the Friends, which prevents the
ministersor preachers from bearingarms. While
1 believe there is a large class of preachers in this
country who ought to be made to go into this
Army, and into the front ranks of it, to fight, and
to fight until it is through—men who take occa-
sion on the holy Sabbath, when we should sup-
pose they would preach the gospel of their pro-
fessed Master, " peace on earth and good will to
men," to occupy the time allotted to religious
purposes for p reaching war and bloodshed—while
I believe that that class of men ought to go into
this war and to fight the battles of the country,
yet there are scattered throughout this broad land
hundreds, and 1 trust thousands, of peaceful, quiet
Clnistian ministers who feel that they bear but
one commission upon earth, that of an embassa-
dor from Heaven to beseech men to be reconciled
to their professed Master; and for the sake of ex-
empting these "men from participation in this or
any other war, I would excuse the whole class of
clergymen of whatever denomination. I would
extend it also to men who are not ministers of the
gospel technically—to teachers among the Jews
—all religious teachers. If this amendment be
adopted, unless a clergyman can show not only
that he is conscientiously opposed to bearingarms,
butalso that the articles of faith of his church de-
prive him of the privilege of bearing arms, he is
not exempt. I am for exempting the whole body
of the clergy of ail denominations.
Mr. WILSON. In order to meet the objec-
tion suggested by the Senator from Delaware, I
propose to modify the amendment slightly, by
striking out the woid " and" in the first line and
inserting "or;"so that it shall read, " ministers
of the gospel, or members of religious denomi-
nations conscientiously opposed," &c.
Mr. DIXON. - If that modification be made, I
can accept the Senator'samendment, for I do not
see that it changes the character of mine in the
least. My proposition is that ministers of the
gospel, when drafted, shall be employed in the
hospitals, or as chaplains. I suppose, if so em-
ployed, they could commute, I take it they would
have the privilege of saying whether they would
serve in that capacity or pay $300. The only
effect, therefore, of the proposition of the Senator
fiom Massachusetts is to make it certain that they
may commute; they may not even perform this
duty; if assigned to a chaplaincy, or to hospital
service, they may pay the $300. That, I think,
is right. 1 therefore, if it is in order, accept the
Senator 'samend men tasa modification of my own.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
may modify his amendment. The Senator from
Connecticut modifies his amendment by accept-
ing the amendment offered to it by the Senator
from Massachusetts. The question then will be
on the amendment as modified.
Mr. ANTHONY. Mr. President, I am sat-
isfied with the explanation of the Senator from
Iowa, [Mr. Harlan,] and I hope that the amend-
ment as modified will be adopted, although I
should have preferred to have the amendment of
the Senator from Massachusetts put separately
from the amendment of the Senator from Iowa,
for I think it is rather stronger before the Senate.
I had intended myself to offer a more comprehen-
sive amendment for tlae relief of persons consci-
entiously unable to bear arms, and I had prupaied
one and given notice that I should offer it; but I
am satisfied from the fate which that proposition
met at the last session, and also from conversation
with Senators, that we could hardly get it through,
and therefoie I assent to the most practical mode
.of accomplishing all the good that we can.
The object of this bill is to amend the defects
which experience has found in the working of the
_ enrollment act, and I submit to the Senate that
i the invasion of the rights of conscience is one of
! the most serious of those defects. Theie has not
j been a single man added to the Army who was
jj worth the rations that he ate by the refusal to
i! exempt persons conscientiously scrupulous as to
