1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
S2#3
its terms expressly indorsing the justice of the President's
conduct in the beginning of the war"—
About that, lie was very much mistaken—
<c so that he found himself here, if he was inclined to
give the President his supplies, and say nothing about the
original justice of the wai—if he was Inclined to go with
him, to jook ahead and not back—in a position that he
could not do so. lie should feel compelled to vote on this
resolution in the negative. And as the President and his
friends would not allow them to do as he wanted to do,
and as Mr. Van Buren approved, lie had pet himself about
examining what position was therightoneonthejusticeof
the war.51
The Senator from Michigan thinks that in time
of war no voice should be raised in opposition
either to the wisdom of the Presidentof the United
States or of his policy. Sir, Mr. Lincoln and lie
differ upon this point.
Mr. HOWARD. I really hope my honorable
friend from Illinois will not impute to me so
strange a proposition as that nothing; should be
said in opposition to the Administration duringa
war. I certainly never said any such thing, and
I am sure I never intended any such thing, what-
ever mistaken language I may possibly have used.
1 believe in the utmost freedom of discussion upon
every administrative question; but I confess at
the same time that I have very little charity for
those who are the enemiesofmy country, whether
foreign or domestic. Of course, however, I do
not include my honorable friend from Illinois in
the latter category at all. I know him too well.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I am'bound to accept
the Senator's disclaimer. Possibly I misunder-
stood his argument. But, sir, i know I am not
mistaken in supposing that he attributed to some
persons somewhere in the country an improper
motive for their conduct. I supposed it had ap-
plication to somebody. I am glad to know it
had none.
Now, Mr. President, in my judgment, the dis-
cussion involves this whole question. I state to
the Senator most frankly and most candidly that
I do not indorse his views that we are to make
this war perpetual; and in that I plant myself
again behind the Executive. In his inaugural
addiess lie told us that the war, if commenced,
could not last always; that it must terminate at
some time; that you had to compromise it at last.
The Senator saya he would not receive any prop-
ositions from the people of the South at all. I
do not misunderstand him in that.
Mr. HOWARD. No; I would not receive any-
thing at ail—no proposition whatever.
Mr. RICHARDSON. How does the Senator
know that they arc unwilling to lay down their
arms? Would you not rcceive a proposition
from them proposing to do that? The Senator
is silent.
Mr. HOWARD. What I intended to say to
my fiiend from Illinois was that I would not re-
ceive any proposition from the rebels for a com-
promise or settlement upon any other terms than
these: that they shall unconditionally lay down
their arms and submit peaceably, honestly, frankly
to the authority of the United States. Those
would be my only terms, and unless theyshould
consent to accept those terms £ would light the
war until they weie sick of it, as sure as the
world.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Mr. President, I do not
know how you can arrive at those facts unless
you are wiilmg to receive propositions from them.
The great error on the part of those who have
managed affairs has been that they were unwill-
ing to receive any proposition. We know that
at one time our armies were successful at every
point; we were every where victorious; they weie
sulTeung as no people had ever suffered upon the
face of the earth. What is there degrading to us
in proposing to them to lay down their arms and
to come back to the old flag and the old Union,
such as their fathers made? I know of nothing
degrading to us in that. The Senator seems to ;
think there is something very degradmgm it. Sir, j
youi minister went with his hand upon his mouth '
and his mouth in the dust to ask the Empeior of'
France to receive an apology fiom the Executive of'
the United States because the House of Represent- '
ativeshad deelaied that they wanted no monarch- •
ical Government upon this continent fosteied by a j
European Government. The nation was a thou- '
hand timet; more degraded by apologizing to Napo- ;
icon for v. hat we had a clear light to do, and had •
done for yeais before without question, than to \
have said to the people of the South, who have |
erred, who have done a great wrong, 44 Return to
yourduty;lay down your arms." 1 do notseehow
that could degrade us. I would a thousand times
rather bear such a message and make such a prop-
osition than go to the French emperor and toll
him, "It is only the House of Representatives
that has passed this resolution."
Mr. President, we have had a proud history
upon the subject of the Monroe doctrine. From
the foundation of our Government up to this hour
Presidents and Congresses have said to Europe
and to the world, ""You shall plant no colonies,
no dependencies upon this continent." This is
the fust time in our history that we have ever
apologized for the assertion of what all parties
and all men of all parties have Approved. When
the gentleman is discussing the question of na-
tional degradation he may as well turn his atten-
tion to the position that we occupy, humiliated
as we have been in our conduct with France.
Mr. HOWARD. Will the honorable Senator
from Illinois allow me one word ?
Mr. RICHARDSON. Certainly, sir.
Mr. HOWARD. I beg to say that bo far as I
am concerned—I can speak only for myself, of
course—that i do not approve, I never did ap-
prove, I do not think I ever can approve the lan-
guage contained in the dispatch to which the hon-
orable Senator refers. I disapprove of it just as
much as he does, and undoubtedly for the same
reason that the Senatorfrom Illinois disapproves
of it. 1 will go with him, shoulder to shoulder,
in defense ofthe Monroedoctrine when the proper
occasion shall present itself. I will be as ready
as lie,and I predict that my party will be as ready
as his party in the country to assert the true
American doctrine. I will go with him if he will
go with me, my party will go with his if his party
will go with mine when the pioper occasion shall
present itself, and we will try titles to Mexico
with Monsieur Crapean. I hope the honorable
Senator from Illinois is satisfied on that subject
so far as I am concerned.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Mr. President, theopin-
ion of the Senator fiom Michigan is worth noth-
ing to me. He is trying to place the power of
this Government in the same hands that have
broughtabout this degradation. He tells me that
he is opposed to it. That is a queer way to op-
pose anything, to tiy to keep in power those who
have thus degraded us. If the Senator is in favor
of placing our nation upon her ancientproud po-
sition of'maintaming the integrity of the entire
Union, the Constitution of our fathers, and that
Monroe doctrine of which he speaks, he will come
out and go with me.
The Senator says when the " proper occasion
arises he is for trying titles with France to Mex-
ico;,s when France demands to know why tiie
House of Representatives by very tame resolu-
tions protests against the occupation of Mexico,
Lincoln degrades us by apology; the time has not
come. You cannot defer questions of national
honor any more than you can questions of indi-
vidual honor. When you lower the standard of
national position by degradingyourselves toavoid
war, you invite aggressions. I know that war is
a ternble calamity; but, sir, there is a greater
calamity than war to individuals and to nations.
National degradation is a greater disaster to any
country than war.
Sir, there has been a great deal of fallacy and a
great deal of alarm spread among certain peo-
ple by talking about this question here and else-
where; but I tell the Senator and I tell other gen-
tlemen that as soon as we place a President in
the White House on the 4th of March next we
shall receive whatever piopositions the people of
the Souih send to us; we shall make to them the
proposition of coming back to their duty to the
oid Constitution and the old Union as our fathers
m ule it, and if they do not come back we will en-
force it against them.
Mr. I10WAKD. Good, good.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Butyou will not do it^
We will presents the Union, the Constitution,
and civil hot i ty
Mi. HOWARD. We will.
Mr. RICHARDSON. No, yon will not.
Mr. HOWARD. We will.
Mi. RICHARDSON. You have not done it,
sir. You started out in this contest with a major-
ity, or certainly a large minority of those south-
ern people with you. You started out with a
united North, for there were not enough in op-
position to make mile posts thrOughthe country.
You laid down the plan of your campaign, the
principles upon which you were going'to fight.
The distinguished Senator from New York [Mr.
Mougan] the other day enlightened us a little
upon this subject of what we really were doing.
He was reported as saying in the opening of the
Baltimore Convention that nominated Mr. Lin-
coln that they had been fighting for four yeans,,
upon the line of abolishing slavery. JDo I mis-
represent the, Senator? *
Mr. MORGAN. If the Senator will read my
remarks he will find that he is mistaken.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Will the Senator tell mo
exactly what he did say, for I do not wish to mis-
represent him.
Mr. MORGAN. Does the Senator want an
answer at this time?
Mr. RICHARDSON. Yes, sir; as I certainly
do not wish to do the Senator injustice.
Mr. MORGAN. 1 stated that the party that
was formed in 1856 was formed for the purpose
of bt inging the Govern men t back to the principles
of George Washington and Thomas Jefferson.
Mr. RICHARDSON. And, Mr. Prudent,
the Senator from New York to-day voted to re-
peal a law that was approved by George Wash-
ington. He and the Lincoln patty passed a bill
repealing what Washington approved; and every
day they are des'roying some or other of the le-
gislation recommended by Washington and Jef-
ferson. They are for destroying all that thvsd
patriots have done. If to destroy is to come back
to the doctrineaofWasihmgton and Jefferson, then
they are for it.
I will ask the Senator ft om New York if this is
a correct report in the Chronicle of what he did
say:
££ Member* of the convention. His :t little more Una eight
year* since it was resolved to lotm a national party to he
conducted upon the principles and policy which had been
established and mam wined bythosc illustrious statesmen,
George Washington and Thomas it flerson. A convention
was held in Philadelphia, under tin: shade of the tiocs that
bummnd the Hall or Independent; and candidates—Fre-
mont and Dayton—were chosen to uphold ourcausf*. • Out
tiie State of Pennsylvania gave its electoral vote toJaim**
Buchanan, and the election of J8^G was lost.
" Nothing daunted by tlclear, it was immediately detenu
mined 'to tight on this line,' not only 'all summer,' but
tour summers and foui wintcis; and tn 18Q0 the party ban-
ner way again unittrled, With the names ol Abraham -Lin-
coln and iiamubal llamini inscubed thereon. Tina nnio
it was successful, but with suecevs came icbelliou; and
with rebellion oi'ioutse eainu war; and war. terrsbl« civil
wat has continued with varying success up to nearly tin*
pei tod when it is neeessuiy undei our Constitution to pre-
pate lor another pie^ldenual election. It is foi this Uiunly
revpun^ibl'' ptnpo c that yon are to-da> assembled. It i«
not my duty nor my purpose to nulieate any general course
of action thi this convention; but I trust I ma> be per-
mitted to saj that, m view of the diead lealitie-s of t!ift
past, and of what is passing at tins moment, and of the
Met that the hone- ol om soldier* he bleaching in every
folate ol this Union, anil with the knowledge ot the lurthcr
fact that this has all been caused by slaveiy, the patty of
which you, gentlemen, aie the delegated and honoied rep-
resentatives will fall shoit ot accomplishing its gteat mis-
sion. unless among it> other resolves it shall declare tor
such an amendment of the Constitution as will positively
pioinbit Ahicau slavery in the United States."
Mr. MORGAN. That is y. correct report.
Mr. RICHARDSON, i leave the speech of
the Senator with his acta to go for what they are
worth.
But, sir, f resume Mr. Lincoln's speech in
Congress in 1848. In speaking of President Polk
he says:
"In all this the President showed himself dissatisfied
with the conclusions he had assumed. He took up one
suggestion and tned to argue us into it,but argued himself
out of it; he tlien took up auothei, and went through the
same pioeess, and returned to the first, showing himself
dissatisfied with all, and appealing like a man on a hot
shovel, finding no place on which he could settle down."
He said the other day, if i am correctly in-
formed—and if I am not some gentleman will
correct me—that he was controlled by events,
that he did not control events. In this speech he
says Mr, Polk argued himself out of all the posi-
tions he had assumed. Suppose I were to turn
back and see how many positions he has assumed
during these four years and argued himself out
of, or allowed events to argue htm out of them.
No man in any history, certainly none in modern
times, has been such a weathercock on the house-
top to show the shiftmgs of the wind in great
emergencies where it required a statesman to hold
the helm of the ship of State with a firm and
manly hand, that he may g^uide her to port where
