1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1251
of the Senator from Michigan, I should have no
objection to a postponement; but 1 am apprehen-
sive that after the Senator from Michigan makes
his speech on tins subject, if the Senator from
Illinois sih eon]* in making the subject to winch
he haw refeneu a special older, we may not have
the opportunity of considering this milter even
at a futuie day.
ThelTtESlDlMxOFvtCER.^ The first ques-
tion is, wih the Senate take up the joint resolu-
tion at the present time, with a view to consider
a fuithet motion to po.Mpone it to a futui n day,
and mak'- it the special order for such day?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not wish to take up
the l:me of the Senate to-day in a diacussion us
to whether it shall be made a special onlcr ornot,
and thereby defeat the object I have in view,
which is to get the early consideration of the Sen-
ate to this important question of submitting to the
{States an amendment to the Constitution, so as
to forever prohibit auJ abolish slavery. I have
heretofore had that matter set as a special order
foi two different days. I think there is a dispo-
sition in the Senate to consider it. It lias met the
favor of the Committee on the Judiciaiy, and has
been reported to this body; and I do ask of the
Senate that at some time they will consider itand
not have it put offfiom day to day in this way.
And now, not to tak<- up further time, I withdraw
my motion to make it a special order forto-mor-
row, and give notice to the Senate that I shall
move at one o'clock to-morrow to proceed to the
consideration of the joint resolution to amend the
Constitution. It will then be for the Senate to
decide. If a majoi ity decide that ^iey will not
consider it, of course they may do so. I shall
have done my duty m reference to it.
Mr. COLLAMER. Why not go on with it
to-day?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Because another special
order lias preference of it, and the Senator from
Michigan is entitled to the floor and is prepared
to 2,n on. That is the reason I have to give way
to-day. I would prefer going on to-day, but the
Senator from Michigan claims the floor on the
unfinished business of yesterday.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Senate bill No.
37, to prevent officers of the Army, &c., from
Mturfeiing in elections in the States, is before the
Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HO WARD addressed the Senate for about
two houis. [See Appendix.]
Mr. HALE. If the Senator from Michigan
will yield the floor, I will move that the Senate
adjoin n.
Mr. HOWARD. I give way.
Mr. TRUMIjULL. I hope the Senator from
Nt w Ilampshue will withdraw that motion and
let us go into executive session.
Mr. HALE, i withdiaw it for that purpose.
EXECUTIVE fcJiSoIGLW
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the contideiatior: of executive business.
The mot.on was agreed to; and aftersonn time
spent in the consul* tation of executive business,
th" doot<3 were reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, J>larch 23, 186*4,
The House met at twelve o'clock, rn. Prayer
by Rev. W. P. Tildln, of Boston.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
LKYV13 OF ALSKXCK.
j\jr, FENTON. 1 ask leave of absence for ten
davs u Mouda/ next.
L"cv<' v/js p-ant'd as lequesteu.
The bi'KAu Ell. As tequesfs for leaves of
absru! e eavt become so frequent oi late, the Chair
de> ms it io be Ins duty to state that, m Ins opin-
io1;, e\ en whi. li granted thi.y do not exempt inem-
IM•:i from di auction fiom their pay, for tlio rca-
Mii, the i;uv iimpio alive that deductions shall be
jjsj-!e ir i o caoc except wheie the member is
sick hitusnfor theie is sieknc^s m his family.
T;I rojiurs Mr.nTucr.
''■'y. j.> sVSO.n , by \i.uS cmscnt, intro-
U it <'' a the ;': I h > V> IM'J" liruUi!
/i. i j-'t r 'That th<ne !v p.ii.i "'it of the cr,ntineent fund
oi theilou-e (r> the motniM <>;' Tmdd' Moj;lee a Mim
equal 1n in- -=.u«iry to tiie cad oi the pie-'cnt session or Con-
gie ; ah>o h.-. pioper inweuii expend.
Mr. DAWSON. There is a congressional pre-
cedent On thus resolution in the proceedingsof the
Thirty-Fitst Congress. I trust that it will re-
ceive ;he unanimous sanction of this House, No
employe of this House is more entitled to our
just and generous consideration than Thaddeus
Morr'ce. lie was a young man ofexndlent char-
acter, distinguished for his wonderful knowledge
of paihamenMry law, and of great fidelity in the
important office he filled so well.
The resolution was pureed to.
GOVERNMENT TRANSPORTATION TO CIVILIAN'S.
Mr. KEllNAN asked unanimous consent to
introduce the following resolution:
BccolraL Tlmt n committee of fiv<; be appointed by the
PpeuKor to investigate aiuj repoit to tins i!ou e whether
civilians iti the employ of the Government in and about
Washington were <-ent or allowed to yo to their jionies with
tho view of their voting at State elections; for what length
of tune were they granted leave of absence for such pui-
pose, and did their pay continue while they were thus ab-
sent; were all such employee sent ot allowed to go home
for Mirh puipove. nr t'io^c only who professed to belong to
the Republican p.uty so cnlled, or proteased oi pounced
they would vote toi itv candidates*; and were said employes
n.ni'-poitr-d home and back .it their own expense oi wu->
then tiausportiUinn oi any part of it at the expense of the
(Joveinment; and said committee is authorized to send for
persons and papers, and to employ a cJcik, and that they
iiave leave to import .it any tune.
Mi. STEVENS. I will say to the gentleman
fiom Now York, [Mr. Kerxax,] that if he will
modify his resolution so ns to refer this matter for
investigation to the committee on the conduct of
the war instead of to a select committee, 1 will
not object to it. [Cries of "Oh no."]
Mr. KERNAN, No, sir; I prefer to let the
resolution stand just as 1 have drawn it.
Mr. STEVENS. Then I object to it.
PE uso N AL E XPL A NATION.
Mr. McCLURG. Mr. Speaker, I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to make an explana-
tion. In my remaiks of the 9th instant, some
reflections were cast upon the character of one of
my colleagues from Missotui, [Mr. Blair,] and
an open question was left in regard to veracity and
the matter of an alleged forgery. I hope 1 shall
be permitted by the House to make an explana-
tion upon that subject.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can proceed,
•by unanimous consent. The Chair hears no ob-
ject ton ,
Mr. LAW. Before the gentleman pioceeds, I
ask Iron to yield to me foramomenton a question
of piivileg'1.
Mr. McCLURG. I yield to thegentleman for
that purpose.
CORRECTION.
Mr. LAW. 1 rise to a question of privilege.
( find m the Globe of yesterday my name recorded
;is vntnor in the negative upon an amendment to
i what is called the "cold bill." I did so vote;
| but I find also that during the roll-call the follow-
i ins: remaiks were made:
| "Mi. AltI'Sow J have paired, by an auanireinetit in ule
; bv the gynile nan fiom Ohio. [Mi. Pl.vdluton.] with M'".
i Law. fdiMit'io .^k the {""irlcnian ixom Oi,'o whr-tliei
j i«i his j'id'ji.:>'Pt that p.oi oujfht to extend to this vote, i
j oiionld. il pes milt.'d, vote foi lha. aniendment.
j *-Mi. i'o'nixroN". I will t-.iy to the gentleman ftorn
I low.i that in my iudi^n'-nt m.dei lw  pair lie ought not to
j on this <111. slion."
I I desite to say, sir, that no such arrangement
| took place and no such pair was made-, i never
j have pn!red with any gentleman in this House,
and 1 do not know that i ever shall. I think the
gentleman has mistaken me for Mi. Long.
i urn infoimed now that the gentleman from
Ohio [Mi. Pn^DLCTON"] did pair me, but he did
it without aiy knowledge or consent, if 1 had
been pancd, I certainly oughenot to have voted,
e and .siiould iioi have done so.
|| The SPEAIxER. The Chan thinks it is an
jj error. Tin* Chair think* the gentleman alluded
ij to \va« not the gentleman from Indiana, but was
il Mr. J. \V. Wiutk, ot Ohio. The Chair is c,-r-
J tain tliai the statement did not refer to thegcrtie-
| man fi em Indiana.
j Co i reetions oftr.e Giobeaic not, however, ques-
! tlons of piuil'Q;.^ .'iltho'lijl col rectioos (d th'
i .Toil'nai to\.. iinaUiUioa.'! c-'nsf nt has to he asked
! foi coiiecuoua of the Globe as for anything else
! noi a cptestton of privilege^
j Tiie gentleman from Missouii [Mr. McClurg]
I has the tioor to make a personal explanation.
CHARGE AGAINST A MEMBER.
Mr. McCLURG. Mr. Speaker, lam sorry that
my colleague from the first district of Missouri
[Mi. Blair] is not in his seat. If any of his
friends know where he is I hope they will send
for him.
Mr. Speaker, in my remarks on the 9th instant
some reflections were cast upon the character of
my colleague from the first district [Mr. BlairJ
by the inference being drawn that he was proba-
bly connected with what may have been a liquor
speculation. I was interrupted by my colleague,
and in reply I intimated i had no disposition to
do him injustice, and, whenever satisfied that an
error had been committed, that I would gladly
retract. I desire thcrefoie to make such expla-
nation as will place all parties fairly before the
public. 1 hope I will have unanimous consent.
Mr. Speaker, doubt may have remained on the
minds of some as to the truth of the execution of
a certain older for hquorsby my colleague,[Mr.
Blair,] a copy of which, with a corresponding
invoice, was given in my speech of 9th instant.
It will be recollected that my colleague, [Mr.
Blair,] in one of his interruptions, seemed to be
surprised that I had not seen the acknowledg-
ment by n Treasury agent, Mr. Bonner, of St.
Louis, that the order and invoice were forgeries,
and that he, Mr. Bonner, knew them to be for-
geries when they were published. 1 here quote
the language of that interruption, Tt is as fol-
lows:
"Mi. Blair, of Missouri. I ask my colleague if he dons
not know that the order which he lias quoted here was a
forgeiy committed by one of Mr. Chase's agents, and that
its publication was procured by another of Mr. Chase's
agents, who knew it to be a foigeiy, in a paper which waa
in the pay of Mi. Ciiaf>c. The whole thm«j can he traced
to malice and malevolence. Ir is acknowledged now to
have been a forgery on the part of thebe two agents of Mr.
Cha«.e.
u I was in the field doing my duty when these miserable
miscreants committed tins forgeiy which the gentleman
parades here. I suppose he lias seen the denunciation of
that pietended ordei as a forgeiv m a St. Louis paper, and
he may have all the credit he can get loi circulating the
foig'-ry of .Mr Chase's asem-s.
"Mi. McClurg. Will my colleague give us the name
of tin* person he alludes to?
'•Mi. Blair, of Mi^ouii. I allude to Mr. Bonner.
<l Mr. .Me{,'r.ei?fi. I have «-een the printed corie«pondencfe
on this subject between the gentleman's fuends and rh '
friend* of the Tieasuiy Department, and i am confirmed in
the belief that 1 have given the conect and fail intcrpiota
tion of tlu« whole matter. I shall, with great plcasme, at
any tune, acknowledge the erior if the gentleman wilt con-
vince me of a; but he does not convince me by the retuaiks
he h is now made.
u Mi. Blair, of Mi^oun. I tell the gentleman that I
have the admission o( Mi. Bonner himself that he fcnew U
was a foiger) at the time he published It.
" Mr. McCi.urg. If the gentleman will get his wiittea
admission and pmducc it to me, I wiU wuhdrawand retract
what I have said about this matter/'
*My colleague [Mr. BlairJ stnted that Mi. Bon-
ner acknowledged 4< he knew it was a forgery at
the time he published it." I plainly intimated I
did not ri, believe, but stated I would retract if,
at any time, my. colleague [Mr. Blair] would
produce in writing such an acknowledgment from
Air. Bonner. The gentleman [Mr. Blair] ban
had tune to procure that acknowledgment. Two
weeks have elapsed, and in one week a letter is
conveyed by mail to St. Louis and an answer re-
tin ned. Thatacknowledjrment has not been pro-
duced; itcannot be. I desire,Mr.Speaker,to re-
mind those under the sound of my voice of one of
the acknowh d&ed piincipk-s in passing upon tes-
timony and determining- whether it should be ad-
mitted eri'i jeeicd. It i^ this, when tram-dated into
English: '-Kulsein one, false in all.3J Therefore,
one falsehood of a witness being exposed, the
\vhok testimony of that witness is rejected as
woithkss.
The gentlcmn i [Mr. Blair] has ar> several oc-
casion:', appeared here as hisown witness. I ex-
posed the falsehood in the charge he made of du-
plicity and infidelity to tne Pu-sident againsthia
four radical colleague*, when, in the face of his
own language, he then acknowledged he did not
intend to appiy his remaiks to tiie radicals of the
House. 1 also produced the proof that decided
m favor of h:* colleague from the second district
(Mr. Blow] thocpi sr.op of vciacity as to the
-Cutierna.;'., [Mr. Blair] having approved aies-
; olution foraaeh gutiou to procuie the appointment
[ ot another commander m Missouri than General
I Schofield. It is also borne in mind thatnot many
' days since it was denied by the gentleman [Mr,
I Blair] that slaves had been run oft to Kentucky
