1864,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
205
bearing arms. I might tell you, Mr. President, i
the most piteous stories of the sufferings and per- ]
secutjons of this class of people. I might tell you I
of many instances of moral heroism m men of the j
humblest pretensions, who believed and I believe
that they were sustained by no arm of flesh in the
sufferings which they endured for the sake of con-
science. But 1 cannot show you and you cannot
show me one single efficient man that has been
added to the Army by the impressment of men
conscientiously scrupulous against bearing arms.
I know the argument that every man who en-
joys the protection of the Government is bound
to render it defense inarms; but these men enjoy
the protection of the Government, so far as that
protection is enforced by arms, under compulsion,
not voluntarily. They ask the protection of no
laws which require the shedding of human blood.
1 think something should be conceded from the
fact that the largest class of men affected by this
provision have always borne their -testimony
against the great wrong, moral, social, and eco-
nomical, which has produced this rebellion. They
have not been slaveholders. Even in the slave-
holding States they have not been slaveholders.
As long ago,l think,as 1716 their Yearly Meet-
ings all bore testimony against slavery, and even
now this class of people in the rebel States arc
mostly Union men, and have suffered greatly for
their attachment to the Union.
I have not ventured to offer the comprehensive
amendment which I had intended to submit; but
I hope that in the modified form in which it is
now proposed the Senate will agree to the ex-
emption.
Mr. TEN EYCK. One of the objects of the
amendment is to relieve the religious Society of
Friends from theimrden of this bill, and the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island has stated very truly
the difficulties to which members of that society
have been heretofore subjected, and the persecu-
tions., to adopt his language, that have been heaped
upon them in regard to the performance of military
service. If we intend to do them a favor and to
relieve them from the conscqucnces of this act, I
respectfully submit that wo must go further. We
must not only relieve them from the draft, but from
the liability of paying the commutation money,
for I have always understood that Friends, as they
call themselves, not only object to the perform-
ance of military service, but to the payment of any
fine or commutation in lieu thereof; and many of
them, even who were possessed of huge estates,
have lain for months in jail rather than violate
what*they understood to be a principle of then-
faith by paying a miserable fine of from one to
five dollars for not discharging military duty un-
der the militia system in the several States. I
think it will not reach or answer the purpose that
certain gentlemen ha\e in view, to so amend this
bill as to relieve them from the discharge of mil-
itary service by the payment of the commutation.
In ail the petitions and in all the proceedings us
published coming from this very large respectable
class of citizens in the United States, 1 have seen
the objection raised to both features of the bill,
and, to adopt their language, they bear testimony
as strongly against the payment of the money as
they do against going into the field.
So, without stating how [ shall vote myself
upon this amendment, 1 suggest that if we design
to respect their conscientious scruples and to le-
heve them on account of them, we must relieve
them also from the payment of the commutation
money. When this matter was before the oenate
a year ago, I voted against relieving them.
Mr. HARLAN, i think the amendment, as
modified, meets the case suggested by the Sena-
tor from New Jersey. This amendment relieves
the party drafted in the case named from military
duty entirely, and provides that he may serve m
the hospitals, or that in lieu of this hospital ser-
vice he may pay a sum of money to be applied
for the relief of sick and wounded soldiers. T.he
objection made by Filends to paying money lias
been to paying it us an equivalent fo'r military ser-
vice. They say, u We might as well bear arms
as In re a man to bear arm^ in our sfend. ' This
amendment, iff understand it, relieves them from
the performance of military duty entirely, but it
provides that they shall perform duty in the hos-
pitals, and then gives them the alternative of pay-
ing money rather than performing this hospital
service,
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 would say, injustice to
the scruples which the Friends have as to the
payment of money, that I do not think they object
to a military fine being collected from them by
warrant of distress, as, I think, the lawyers call
it, or Uy taxation. They do not pay them vol-
untarily, but they do not go to prison rather than
have their property levied upon. But under the
enrollment bill a man must either serve or pay
§300 for the procuration of a substitute. They
can see a difference, but no great difference in
principle, between serving themselves and hiring
somebody else to serve for them. The money
which they pay is " for the procuration of sub-
stitutes. " If the money could be appropriated to
any hospital purposes, to any purpose towards
which they can conscientiously contribute, they
have no objection. These opinions may seem
very absurd; I know they do, by Senators smil-
ing around me; but they are opinions that have
been entertained for two hundred years by as in-
telligent men as have ever spoken the English
language, and men have borne every persecution
that the old martyrs ever bore in defense of these
principles—educated, intelligent men; and I think
we ought to respect them.
Mr. GRIMES. Will the Senator inform m'e
whether they will not regard the requiring of
them to go into the hospitals as an equivalent for
military service, and whether that will not be re-
garded in the same light by them-as the paying
of §300 substitution money ?
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not think they will
consider that in the same light. 1 should prefer
a different amendment; as I said, I piefer the
amendmentwhich I offered at the lastsession; but
1 have no hope of getting that through, and I
think this will be an amelioration. It is not what
I should like to have, but it is the best I see any
chance of getting.
Mr. CONNESS. I rise, sir, not to occupy much
time, but to take occasion to say that 1 am op-
posed to thisamendment and all the modifications
that have been made of it; and yet 1 suppose f
have among my constituency many of the classes
pioposed to be exempted. The object of this act
is to get soldiers. The purpose of the soldiery
to be obtained is to preserve the institutions under
which we live. The exemption proposed ig more
extensive, ltoccurs to me, than Senators take oc-
casion to reflect sufficiently upon. It goes to min-
isters fust, to all engaged in the performance of
ministerial functions. That embraces a very large
class indeed, a very numerous body in the Uni-
ted States. Next it goes to the bodies of religious
congregations, and exempts persons who are eon-
sen ntiously opposed to hearing arms.
Now, sir, what shall hinder the Unitaiians, for
instance, being exempted under the opeiation of
thisamendment if it shall prevail? The great
man who was the founder of that form of faith,
the itnuioi tal Chmimng, has wiitten and produced
pei haps the pi ofoundest and ablestessay that was
ever written by man, illustrating the horrors and
the terrible character of war; and is it to be held
that members oftluu body of religious Christians,
so tespectable as they, so elevated as they, do not
believe m the doctrines mid philosophies promul-
gated by their great leader, and shall not they go
foi th when drafted, but are they to claim to serve
in the hospitals, or at any rate to be exempted
from service in the field? It appears to me that
you aic pioviding very liberally for your hos-
pitals under the operation of this amendment.
Now, let me say to the Senator from Rhode
Island that the Society of Fi lends of winch he has
spoken, has claimed my attention to perhaps as
great an extent as that of any other Senator upon
; this iloor. 1 hav.e happened foitunately to have
I access to and acquaintance of an intimate eharac-
I terwith members of thatdenomination for twenty
i or more years past; and my lespect for them,
' my regard for them, my estimation of them is
j certainly equal to that of any other Senator here.
J But, eir, 1 would in this great war fake issue with
1 that body upon the question of whether they
^should be exempted from paying tins commuta-
tion; nay, sir, further, upon thequeslion whether
I they should be exempted or can propeily claim
' exemption as a matter of conscience from per-
i forming the part that is theiis, in my opinion, in
' this war. Why, sis, it is a Quaker's war. For
j two hundred yeata they have taught that slavery
1 was the gteatest evil that ever cursed the earth,
and they have borne their universal testimony'
against it everywhere. They havegone to mak-
ing up that sentiment that aggressed slavery as
an institution barbarous' in its character, and
against the civilization of the world. They have,
I say, been making up that opinion, and that ag-
gression did take place under their fostering care
and direction.
Mr. SAULS&UK.Y. Will the Senator from
California allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. CONNESS. Certainly.
Mr. SAULSBURY. The Senator states that
this is a Quaker's war, that they have borne their
testimony against human slavery fortwo hundred
years. -Do [.understand the Senator from Cali-
fornia to say to the Senate and to the country that
this is a war for the abolition of slavery?
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President, I knew that
the Senator from Delaware would be brought into
this debate by the line of remarks that I was about
to make. The Senator from Delaware will find,
before he sits very long in this Chamber with me,
what my opinions upon that subject are. As I
believe that the Senator from Delaware is pro-
slavery, I desire him now to understand, although
it is not pertinent to the question before the Sen-
ate, that 1 am anti-slavery, and upon a. more
proper occasion we will discuss that question in
its relations to the war itself, but it is not perti-
nent here.
I asseverate, sir, again, that this is a Quaker's
war. I mean that it is a war of moral forces
against the institution of slavery. The South have
said it. The gentlemen occupying the position
of the Senator from Delaware have said it. They
have undertaken to rear up a negro empire in the
South upon the proposition that slavery was a
great right, that you could not have morals and
society without it, that it was essential to the ex-
istence of society; and in addition to that, neces-
sarily a part of their proposition was to tear down
our Government; otherwise they could not build
up theirs. They have promulgated that doctrine.
We accept it, sir. The loyal men of this coun-
try accept it in its complex form by saying, " You
shall neither build up your negro empire for fos-
tering and perpetuating this accursed institution"
—does the Senator from Delaware hear the empha-
sis ?—" nor shall you tear down this great empire
established for fieemen by the great fathers, to
be preserved and perpetuated by us."
1 say,sir, that no citizen, be he Jew orGentile,
be he Quaker or Catholic, be he what he may, to
whatever religious persuasion he may belong, can
perform a higher duty, nor, in my opinion, a more
ennobling one,,than to go to the field and to fight
this great battle of civilization forthc preservation
of human liberty; and 1 am opposed to every
amendment of this kind. There is a means pro-
posed by which persons may become exempted,
since the Senate have decidcd and passed upon that
proposition; but I am opposed to this exemption
for conscience* sake. I believe, as 1 live and ex-
ist, that the shortest and truest way to heaven is
to strike a rebel wherever you can reach him.
[Applause in the galleries.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. Order!
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, a single word.
A large number of clergymen have petitioned us
forexeniptiou. Some of them have put their rea-
sons upon giounds that I think few of us can pay
any gieat legard to. I suppose Senators care
quite as mu^h for the cause of Christianity in the
world as other men, but I do not believe that
Senators think it demeans a Christian to fight the
battles of our country. The Quakers have been
represented here by petition and by delegations.
We received a delegation before the Military Com-
mittee, and heard their views. I believe that the
Quakers have contributed as much of money, and
I had almost said of men, to this war as any other
portion of the community. The Senator from
Rhode Island says he thinks they have in men.
Mr. ANTHONY. Taking the numbers of the
society.
Mr. WILSON. I know that many Quakers,
young men, have entered into this war with the
same zeal that Nathaniel Greene entered into the
war of the Revolution. In fact we have been
told by gentlemen of these committees that they
knew families where nearly all the young men
had entered into the service. I asked those gen-
tlemen what they said to them or did to them.
They said they felt pretty kindly toward them
