3204
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
June 23,
ihe storm can beat against her no more. But he
goes on and says*
''Again, in r«Iation to the termination of the war, thp
Pie*|dcnt nowhere, if he had rend the message right, inti-
mated nay opinion as to When thi<* war would come to an
AHd., It did not seem to have occurred to him to say any-
thing about that. N<nv, if' he remembered right, General
Seou was thrntvn iruo disfavor, if not into disgrace, by the
?ame AdmlnMrailon for intimating, when the war com-
menced, that peaoe could not be conquered in less than
four or five months, it was now more than twenty months
before this last message was wUHen ; it had been prose-
cuted ino^t vigotousiy ; officers ami mem had done all that
it was thought men could do., and hundreds of filings never
before dreamt of; and lite President, who was so impatient
nt a veteran officer for havmg expressed the opinion that
it would take at lea^tfour or five mouthy eamo to Congress
with a Jong ajid elaborate message, in whie!) he did not
even express an imagmaiy concept fun of his own as to when
it would teiuiinate I IJmv i*  tins? Was it not tiue, as lie
had said before, that Mr. Polk was lo-t—that he d4d not
know where In* wa-*—that lie did not know what to do?
He was not satisfied u'jtn any pn-irion. ih; lbigot to fike
up the points that arose mo-t obviously out of wimt he did
aay. All ibis went to show that he wai tnos.t completely
bewildered, and he (Mr. L.) should Ik- nun-t happy to be
assured that there was not something ahour his eonM-ieiiee
that wa^ inoic harassing than all hmmmtal perplexities."
Mr. President, I believe the President of the
United States told us it whil ag^>, or if ho did
not his Secretary of State did, that the war was
to be over, first, I believe, in ninety days, then it
was to be over in the fall campaign, and then in
another campaign, and then in another campaign,
and we have been told here day after day that tiie
backbone of the rebellion was certainly broken;
fhut it was all gone, Weaienow told that the
Presidentund the Secretary of War want more
men; but they do not inform us when the war is
to end. They are at fault; they are bewildered;
and gentlemen tell us now we must fight it out
and bequeath it to our children. I think you
have to fight it out during this and certainly an-
other campaign. I do not think the groat Pow-
ers of Europe that have such vast influence m the
affairs of the world will wait longer than one
 nor« campaign after this; and notwithstanding
the fact that they have been abused bete day offer
day for their interference i will do them the jus-
tice to say that upon that subject they have for-
borne with remaikable forbearance. This country
knew of no people struggling anywheio that it
did not recognize them as soon as they had won
a battle. Our own example, ourown history was
Against us. For nearly four years they have for-
borne to interfere. I do not think that a recog-
nition would amount to much. 80 fat as the con-
test between inmies is concerned, it would not.
Rut, sir, you have to conquer the armies of the
enemy during this campaign or next summer or
our people will not be willing to fight any longer.
You might as well understand that to-day as at
any other time.
Mr. WILSON". I hardly think you are com-
missioned to speak for the people on that point.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I am certainly, with ail
deference 10 the Senator  
Mr. HOWARD. Will my honorable fiiend
yield to me foi u moment >
Mr. RICH A II D SON. Certainly.
Mr. MOWAJM). I suppose he is willing to
answer an inquiry, i wish to know upon what
authority he speaks when he says that the peo-
ple, " our people," moaning, I suppose, his own,
that in the population of Illinois, will not con-
tinue the prosecution of this war beyond another
campaign. He must not assume to speak for my
people; that is, the people of Michigan, I take
it lie only means to speak for his own people.
Mr. RICHARDSON, i speak fioni the Sen-
ator himself. He says you cannot get armies
unless you force them into the field, and he said
so over and over again to-ni^ht. He said so re-
peatedly to you dunng the last week. He is the
witness, not me. The declaration lias not only
been made by him, but by hall a dozen Senatots,
that you cannot get aimies unless you employ
force to bring the men into the field.
Mj . HOWARD. Does the honorable Senator
ft uiii Illinois allude to me when he says that Sen-
ators have declared we oaimotg'H men 01 armies?
Mr. RICHARDSON, i allude to the Senator
when I say the Senator said that unless you pass
ihe bo'] under consideration with the commuta-
tion clause nut y-ht cannot get armies.
Mr. HO WAK D. The honorable Senator will
allow me to say that lie is totally mistaken so far
t\s I «m concerned. I have never paid any such
thing; 1 have never intimated it; I do not believe
it; and certainly the honorable Senator will not,
in the presence of this denial, undertake to im-
pute such a statement to me.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I have been very un-
fortunate in understanding the meaning of the
Senator, 1 do not wish to attribute to him words
he has not used.
Mr. HOWARD. Of course I know that. If
the Senator will pardon me, I believe the people,
his people, my people, your people, sir, all loyal
people will fight this battle to the bitter end, if
that end is not reached until a quarter of a cen-
turv shall pass. That is my opinion.
JVfr. RICHARDSON. Why then nil this talk
a'bout passing this bill? !f you can get armies
into the field what do you want to pass ft for?
You want to pass it for the purpose of getting
armies. The proposition to pass the biil is the
confession of the fact that you cannot get men
without it. I suppose the Senator is in favor
of passing this biil; and yet he says we nan get
plenty of men without it.
Mr. HOWARD. No; I did not say that.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Then 1 do not under-
stand the Senator, and I do not think he under-
stands himself The President, the Secretary of
War, the Provost Marshal General, urge this
bill because you cannot get men without you
draft them. The chairman of Military Affairs
[Mr. Wii,son] has said time and again that Gen-
eral Grant needs men. if you did not need men
and could get them any other way except by
draft you would not pass this bill.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. We want to equalize
the burden.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Mr. President, I must
confess that I sometimes find it difficult to under-
stand the views of gentlemen here. Some of them
are so incomprehensible that I doubt whether
they understand them themselves. The fact can-
not be denied that you cannot tins day get men j
except by draft by Juice, and gentlemen say the j
people me fuiious for wat forever. )
llutjSu, I was drawn oil into this episode. I j
trust it will not. ho an impertinent mqunv to ask j
wh< 11 you do expect to end this war' You say 1
you will not compromise; you will reject all com- ■
promise; you will receive no propositions. I 1
know you assume that these people down South '
will not agree to any terms but independence, 1 ;
remember m ourown history that we said m 1^44 |
—and I was one of those who said so—talking to :
Great Rritoin about some little possession in the !
Noi'iii west, we would haveupto 54° 40'or fight, :
and fight forevei; we nevti meant to give it up. j
But, sir, thai was all ttied without a li&ht. We j
said, iluting the ptogress of the war with Mex-
ico, that we must ha\M indemnity for the past and j
serially for the futuie. I do not think we got ;
either. If you will turn back to the history of
nations everywhere you will find that they have
said pretty much the same thing, and yet they
have compromised. Lay your position firmly
down ihal from ihe Hag no star is to be stricken,
liom your domain no inch of soil is to be taken
away; tell those people South amnesty for the
past, flie Constitution and Union is our proposi-
tion. liepeal jf once your confiscation bills, with-
draw your proclamation of emancipation, that
amounts to no more legally than the last year's
nlmannc; let us ti y it a while on that line and see
if it will not bung peace, (Jnion, happiness, con-
coid, and prospeuty to this nation now engaged
m civil stiife. Try that tor three months and
you will have no double about it.
Sir, you have tiled it upon your line for thiee
years; you have sent into the field armies as brave,
01 courageous, under leaders as skillful, as any
the winki has ever seen; but you have made but
Irttle progiess; you are fighting to-day befuie
Richmond. We have progressed about ninety
miles. Your policv against a united people in-
volves their destruction. That is what you have
to accomplish. Sn, lorn hack in history, exam-
ine it, and tell me whete it was that a people
""rmitvd, scatteied over three thousand miles (if
country, with a population of eight millions, have
been eonqueied 111 uar.
Mr. Piesideni,! maybe mistaken about it, but
in my opinion we .ire going to lick you gentlemen
tolerably comfortable in tlio presidential election.
: I believe it is for the benefit of the country, for
: the interest of the whole human race that we should
: have u change. 1 believe the people will think
so. When Mr. Lincoln entered the presidential
chair and you into power in both Halls of Con-
gress, the sun in its circuit of the earth had never
seen such a country anywhere in any period of
time. We could feed and fight the world. Where-
ever your flag floated upon the face of the earth,
wherever the breeze of'heaven unfurled it, it was •
honored and respected. No minister of ours was
reduced to the sad condition of going with his
hat in hand and telling the minister of a crowned
head, " This is not the act of my whole Govern-
ment." Sir, if we had been in power and re-
duced to that alternative we would have spoken
to them through the cannon's mouth upon their
own soil, upon ours, or wherever their flag was
unfurled on land or sea.
Sir, what is our condition noW ? It is beyond
all controversy that the policy of this Adminis-
j tration is a failure, and has ruined the country
| and burdened with taxation our people. 1 may
jj be wrong, but I believe as firmly as I stand here
j| to-day that another policy would have terminated
j; this conflict, and placed us again, if not in as
j; good condition as we were, certainly in an infi-
ll nitely better position than we are in now.
Before I take my seat 1 desire to say th'at I in-
!j tend to vote against the repeal of the commuta-
|j tion clause. The election of any other person
|l tiiis fall will render all such laws as this and all
j| draft unnecessary, for no man in the land would
i| or could be so mischievous as Mr. Lincoln has
li been to our cause and country. No other citi-
|J zen could exhibit such weakness and such imbe-
II cility in the management of our affairs. The "
; good of the country requires that we should re-
jt Jieve him from the responsible position that he
i| now occupies. For one 1 shall do whatever in
i[ iny power lies to help to relieve htm from that
ji position.
i| it has been sometimes said that Mr. Lincoln
j: was sent to us as a great national blessing. The
j! Almighty has been afflicting this land terribly for
ji the last three or four years,and I do not know but
|j what Mr. Lincoln is the instrument sent to pun-
jj ish us for our sms. No doubt we deserve it all.
j. I shall try to get rid of him. i want him to come
■ | back to Illinois, where he can tell his jokes wuh-
I; out injury. I am perfectly willing to hear him
- m the bar-rooms or the court-rooms. He is a very
| agreeable companion there, and perfectly harm-
i less. But, sir, 111 great times like these the thoughts
: of the Chief Executive of the country should be
I turned upon something e'se than jokes and anec-
dotes. If we discharge our duty we can defeat
■ bun. We should defeat him for the good of our
country, forcommon humanity. The memories of
I the past, the hopes of the future, the sad realities
: of the present ail unite in the stern demand, turn
i ihe despot, the heartless joker out, leave him to
1 commune with his own conscience as the most
i awful punishment that earth can give.
> The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
j is on the amendment of the Senator from Vor«
! mont, [Mr. Collamer.]
I Mr. SPRAGUE. Let'the amendment be re-
. ported.
; The Secretary read die amendment, to strike out
1 the first section of the bill after the enacting1 clause
and to inset t in lieu thereof:
That the thirteenth section of the act entitled "An act
for eniolhnt? and calling out the national finee^, and for
other purpose*," approved March 3, 1863, i-> hereby so
amended that the suin to be paid by a dialled man to the
Government lor ille procuration of a substitute ahull not
exceed $500, instead of §300.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Several Semators. Oh, no, let us vote.
Air. MORGAN. 1 call for the yeas and nays
on the motion to adjourn.
Mr. SH ERM AN. I suggest that it is notneces-
sary to call for the yeas and nays. We can vote
it down. J do not think anybody else wants to
speak.
Mi. MORGAN. I will withdraw the call.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I want to speak, i re-
new the call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas t>nd nays were ordered.
Mr. HOWE. 1 defjire to state that I have
paired off with the Senator from Indiana, [Mr.
Hendricks,] who has been obliged to leave the
Senate, and for that reason I desire to be excused
from voting, except on the question of the pend-
ing amendment.
