1S64.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ml
signed by the President(t to such consulates and
with such duties as lie may think proper." It
should be kept in mind, too, that the salaries of
our consuls were graded by the law of 1856 upon
the assumption that these pupil-clerks would be
appointed and paid by Government. If, then, the
House do not concur with the Senate in the res-
toration of this section, and do not make the re-
quisite appropriations therefor, the salaries of our
consuls, diminished by the compensation of in-
dispensable clerks, will, as we are assured by the
Secretary of State, be altogether inadequate for
an economical support of themselves and their
families in expensive foreign capitals.
It was while Mr. Hawthorne was serving at
Liverpool that the act went into operation requir-
ing all consular fees to be paid into theTreasury,
and the consuls to be remunerated by a fixed
salary. That eminent and gifted American was
compelled to remove his family at once from the
social and literary intercourse of the city back
amid the more simple enjoyments of the country,
by a laudable desire, if not.an inexorable neces-
sity, to bring his expenses within his income.
The salary fix6d at that time for both Liver-
pool and London was §7,500. It has not since
been ad vanced, though the unavoidable expenses
of these consulates have greatly increased, as
there is manifold and most mournful evidence in
the correspondence of Messrs. Dudley and Mann
at the State Department.
The consul at Glasgow reports that his present
salary will not enable him to eke out an econom-
ical support for himself and family. The consul
at Marseilles writes to the same effect, as follows:
"The consul* at Marseilles of all the pnucipal Foweisaie
paid sonic; double and trome more than double the salaiy ot
your consul; yet fill complain of the inadequacy of their
pay, assei ting that five francs five years ago had a'vnluu
there that eight have not at the prudent tune. Mi .Mack, ihu
English consul, with a salary ot $5,000, infmnis mo that Ins
expenses foi living during the last tin ec year? have outrun his
income tor that period to the amount oi $;j,; 00, yot he lives in
a plain style, and assures me that the only JuMity he al'ows
himself is a daily morning walk. I had-mteiulccl to ho-ud
myself and family,but with only my wife and tv\o little
children, 1 found that my plan, if earned out sir a report-
able house, would cost me much more than my nnnu sal-
ary, leaving than nothing to pay lor clothing, elei k-hire,
&c. I remomboi that when X went to Iowa, an old giay-
headed lawyer a^ked mo if X was or had been a tailor.
( All, you have not,' lie exclaimed; 'can't -uecood here
then ; nobod} hut tailor- make acceptable lawyer-, for Iowa
people.' In anoiher hon*.e it u ttuo hcte: to make his
mean* fit tho cud, n rc<pines> a tailor loi a United State-,
consul at Maiheillef-.'5
Our consul at Paris, at the close of an exceedingly
interesting and instructive communication, sums
up the whole matter in the following statistics:
"The annual and indispensable expenses of the consul-
ate then, foi Hie woik I am now doing, may be briefly ic-
eapitulated as foliows.
Per annum. Pa annum.
Clerical expenses pei month
1,! -Wf. 13,~-28f. J*2,755 GO
Fuel ami lights fot th -  year  250 50 00
Cleaning office, concieure tees,
  150 30 00
Use of funntme, say  15U 30 00
Relief of An)<,i-iean«, other
charities, newspapers, cai-
riage lure, religious seivices,
hospitality, &c  - -
* H,278f. $3,MS 60
My income from the office may be moie briefly .'Kin
Salary, three per cent $1,850
Receipts for unofficial soiviee«,ftitehas writing
legal opinions, thawing an occasional will,
taking testimony uinlci eonmnsMoii'',attend-
ing mvaluU at their residence lor the c;eeu-
tionof papers, &c.,all earned by extra p.otcs
^ional laboi, and amountin<: l.r-t. year to the
sum of  £23
My s-luue in levetmes of three consular agen-
cies for the yeai 1663  683
Tola
Eating
Office expenses,
Total expense?..
Deducting receii
Leaves the sum of.....
14
f'-tilllil
no
60
§3,930
38
"An office has need to he one of great dignity which can
command feisch apieiniuin lor the pnvil.'^e ol holding u;
and then he oujrlit Uube vcty ambition^ ui veiy lieli who
would care todiold Irlnn^.1'
It should be homo in mind, sir, thut this if; from
the pen of an able and accomplished gentleman,
who iias reuduied valuable service to theUovcin-
ment during the pending struggle in other than
official ways, especially in. the publication of a
work in French, setting forth the resources of our
country and the character of our people in away
to secure for us the favorable judgment and good
opinions of the European mind.
But, sir, I apprehend that these matters may
all be left without solicitude to the operations of
the laws of mind, which are more irresistible than
the enactments of States. Men are insensibly
drawn into those pursuits which harmonize with
the habits and taste? which, if not created, have
at least been matured and made permanent by
education and association. These pupils, having
become familiar with the languages of the respect-
ive countries to which they would be assigned,
and affiliated thereto, in a measure, by ties of taste
and friendship, and seeking to complete intellect-
ual pursuits upon which they had entered, would
be held to the consulates without law by a natural
gravitation.
If, at length, drawn away by the tempting
prizes held out to commercial enterprise, in the
majority of cases their business operations would
be confined to those countries with which both
study and experience had rendered them familiar,
for these would be to them the path of success.
What then?
Knowledge would widen with the circles of
trade and the intercourse of business, until these
men, comprehending the higher relations and ab-
struse economy of commerce, and familiar with
the institutions and habits of foreign society,
would be fitted as no other American citizens
could be to fulfill the responsible and often deli-
cate duties devolved upon the consuls of this great
commercial people. j^or would this be theentire
outgrowth and fruitage of the system which the
Government through three Administrations has
attempted to establish. Many of the appointees
passing to their professional training fiom our
! higher institutions of learning would not rest with
1 the acquisition of foreign languages and a knowl-
edge ot what pertains immediately to official du-
ties, but would pass on to a study of the literature,
the history, the laws, and the genius of foreign
Governments, and thus we should have in time
what we never have had, a body of public men
fitted, eminently fitted, by their comprehensive
and vaned attainments, to sustain the national
reputation and welfare at foreign courts ill the
higher ministerial iclations.
It will be perceived that 1 do notrest this argu-
ment upon any statute, nor even upon the legu-
lations laid down by the State Dcpaitmentin re-
spect to the duties and advancement of consular
pupils. I base it upon an inevitable sequence of
events that are in their nature related to each other.
The advancement of these consular pupils to higher
and more responsible duties and their continuance
in office will be a necessity growing out of their
superior qualifications and the demands of both
commerce and diplomacy for the very best ability
which the genius of our institutions can produce.
Thus it seems clear to my appiehcnsion that the
scheme,in accoi dance with its design and contrary
to the fears of some gentlemen, will tend to ob-
viate the instability which hitherto has beenthe
great evil of our diplomatic and consular policy.
A still stronger argument for the vestoiation of
the rescinded section of the law of 1856, if possi-
ble, is to be found in the increased and urgent de-
mand for clerical service growing out ot'anactof
the last Congress requiring triplicate invoices of
all impoits of foreign goods, certified to by the
consul, vice consul, or commercial agent of the
United States nearest to the place of shipment.
This act is precautionary against fraud, and
specifies that one of the triplicate invoices shall
be given to the shipmaster for the entry ot his
goods, wares, or merchandise, one forwarded to
ii the collector of the port of entry, and the other
j! carefully preserved among the archives of the con-
Si sulate. This act has added $100,000 to the re-
i! ceipts of the Treasury in consular fees, and, by a
rough estimate made by those whose judgment
upon this matter is entitled to great respect and
confidence, has increased the annual revenues to
the extent of §10,000,000. But at the same time
it has tnereiised the business of the consulates
sixty or a hundred-fold, and thereby mad'1 a ne-
cessity for an increase of the cleucal force. As
a consequence of this our consuls vol y generally,
and, as it would seem, not unita-ioiiably, have
applied for an advance of salaries. These appli-
cations, with but three exceptions,, have; been
held in abeyance in anticipation of the relief. to
be given to the principal stations by the .clerical
pupils provided for in this bjli, " _
If now we reject this measure, we oijjjKt"iji
simple justice to' increase the salaries of our com-
mercial agents of various grades to meet ..tjiis
unprecedented and unavoidable outlay,and wf>
sir, would be a burden heavier than it is proposed
to lay upon the Treasury by this bill. Perhaps
state-craft will justify, such economy, but my
limited observation has left me simple enough'to
suppose that a true statesmanship would scorn
" With one hand to put
A penny in the urn of poverty,
And with the other take a shilling out."
Itiseasyfor this House to perceive that a.single
fraud, such as the operation of this law discovers
to us to have been practiced upon our revenue offi-
cers heretofore, to the extent of millions of dollars
annually, might deprive us of a sum sufficient and
more than sufficient to cover the entire expense
of this system of consular pupils. And in view
of the unfortunate prejudices of the ' European
mind against us, is it unreasonable to Suppose that
our commercial and governmental interests would
suffer far less from frauds perpetrated through
collusion with consular clerks if they were intelli-
gent Americans than if they«wereof foreign birth,
intimate with foreign merchants,and educated into
all the antipathies aiid antagonisms of European
society?
The appointment of American clerks would
seem to be dictated by common prudence, and from
the consideratinon also that it would secure free-
dom and efficiency within the sphere of their ac-
tivities. Yattel says:
" The functions of a consul require that he bo not a sub-
ject of ttie State where he resides, as in this case he would
be obliged in all things to conform to its orders, and not be
at liberty to acquit himself of the duties of his office."
This would apply in its full force to the chief
clcilc in the absence or sickness of the consul, and
measurably to all the clerks in the discharge of
their proper functions. We cannot afford to fore-
go the advantages proffered to us in this bill.
But, sir,"it is objected that the appointment of
these twenty-five pupils will increase the patron-
age of the President, already fearfully large.
There is an old proverb that4t is the last straw
which breaks the camel's back. Now, sir, all I
have to say is, if Ihis straw will break down the
Government, or even demoralize an honest Chief
Magistrate, neither the one nor the other will be
worth saving. There are weighty reasons why
these clerks should be appointed by and lespons-
jble to the Government and not to the consuls.
Let me bring to the notice of the House the words
of one of our ablest writers, at the time a consul
•atone of the principal marts of Europe. He says:
" In my opinion the whole staff of clerks should be ap-
pointed, not by the con?nl, but by tile State Department,
ot which they should lie the servants, and not removable
by the contnl except on grounds approved by the Secretary
of Stale. With clerks of my own selection I would en-
gage to commit defalcations to the extent of at leat.t one
lialf of the iceeipts of the office without ttie possibility of
proof awainst me. No mail ought to be exposed to so gie.lt
a temptation as this. Many men will certainly yield to it.-'
It will be remembered by members familiar
with our consular history that the successor of
this distinguished gentleman, unfortunately for
himself and the Government, proved the feasibil-
ity of the plan so ably foreshadowed.
But it is still further urged, in language which
has conveyed to my mind certainly something of
bitterness and contempt, that the effect of this
measure would be to establish schools in which
the sons of political favorites would be educated
abroad at public expense for the discharge of du-
ties which theywoutd never perform. One might
suppose from the tone of this groundless charge
that it contained " a charm of poweiful trouble"
that must inevitably drag the bill into the limbo
of perished legislation.
But I affirm thatnocandid mind can appiehend
danger from this source when it is considered
that the administration of Government frequently
passes from one party to another,and that parties
themselves are constantly changing. If it were
true, it would be the most innocent of all political
patronage, and an evil likely soon to cure itself;
for these young men, haying neverentered deeply
into the struggles of politics, would, after a brief
absence, cease to be partisans and become, what
