THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGllESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 1st Session.
Mr. DAVIS. Gentlemen assure me that they
are comprehended by the language of the amend-
ment, and if that is so 1 will not press it.
Mr. COLL AMER. The Quakers are not men-
tioned in terms, either, but they are included.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yens 98, nays 12; as follows:
YEA?—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Clark, Collamcr, Cow-
an, Dixon, JDoolittle, Fessenden, Foot, Fo>tcr, Gimies,
Hale, Ilailan, Harris, Howe, Johnson, Lane ot Indiana,
Lane of Kansas, Morrill, Nesnntb, Pomeioy, Powell, Ram-
sev, Sheunan, Sumner, Van Winkle, Wade, and Wilson
—28.
NAYS—Messis. Rtiek.alew, Chandler, Conncs*, Davis,
Henderson, Hendileks, Howard, Motgan, Spiague, Ten
Eyck, Trumbull, and Wilkin&on—12.
So the amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. I desire to move an amend-
ment in the nineteenth section. I move to amend
that section in the fifteenth line by inserting after
the word " recovered "the words, " upon informa-
tion or indictment," and in line sixteen, after the
word " jurisdiction," to strike out the words, " in
an action of debt;" so that the clause will read:
And any ajjent <>i attorney who shall, directly or indi-
rectly, demand or receive any greater compensation for his
services under this act, and any physician or suigcnn who
shall, directly or indirectly, demand or receive any com-
pensation tor furnishing said certificates of disability, shall
be deemed cuilty of a high mi?-demeanor, and, upon con-
viction, shall, toi every such offense, be lined not exceed-
ing i£3U0, to be recovered upon information or indictment
bet'oie uny court of competent juri.-dietioiij for the use of
auv informer who may sue for the same in the name of the
United States; &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. I have one more verbal
amendment. It is in line seventeen of the same
section, after the word " may," to strike out the
word "sue" and insert the words "prosecute
fin," so as to give it the features and characterof
a criminal prosecution.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS. I offer the following amend-
ment as an additional section:
^nd be it f'ui ther enacted, ThaMlio fourteenth section of
the act hereby amended shall be amended so «is to read as
follows: That alt drafted persons shall, on arriving at the
rendezvous be caiefully inspected by the surgeon of the
hoard, who shall tiuly rcpoitto the board the physical con-
dition of each one; and all pm<o <* diafted and claiming
exemption trom imlltarj duty under the -ecomi taction ot
said act shall present such claims to the board of enroll-
ment, which board hhall be governed in making their de-
cision by the rules pre?cnbed by the I'rovosst Marshal Gen-
eral undei section *ix of this act.
The change contemplated by this amendment
consists in requiring boards of enrollment to be
governed by the regulations prescribed by the
Provost Marshal General in exempting drafted
persons for disability. It appears by the report
ofthe Provost Marshal General thatthese boards
of enrollment have sometimes acted upon their
own responsibility, and have exempted persons
for disabilities which were not embraced within
the rules prescribed by the Department. I want
to confine them to the rules prescribed by the De-
partment to govern them in those eases.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mi. HARRIS. I offeranotheramcndmentjto
insert at the end of the third line of the sixteenth
section the following words:
Unless it shall satisfactorily appear to the board of en-
rollment that Mich party is absent from the country, or
unable to make Mich oath or affii mutton.
So that it will read:
That all claim* to exemption shall be verified by the oath
oi afiiitnation ot the parly claiming exemption to the tinth
of the lacH stated, iinie^ it *hafl ^iti-sbietoriJy appear to
the board of eniollimnit that Mich person is absent fiom the
countiy, or unable to make such oath or affirmation; &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. I move further to amend the
bill, in the tenth section, by inserting after the
word "diaft," in*the fifteenth line, the words:
And who have been in such service for the term of mo
ycaio dm ing the pu'S"iit wai andbyon honoiabiy discharged
theicfiOin.
So that it will read:
That the following persons be, and they are hereby, ex-
cepted and exempted fiom the piovi^ions of this act, and
shall not be liable to military duty under the same, to wit:
SATURDAY, JANUARY 10, 18C3.
New Series Ko. 14.
14
such as are rejected as physically or mentally unfit for the
service, the Vice President of the United States, the judges
of the various courts of the United States, the heads ofthe
various Executive Departments, of the Government, the
Governors ol the several States, and all persons actually in
the military or naval service of the United States at the
time of diaft, and who have been in such service .for the
term of two years during the present war and been honor-
ably discharged theiefrom ; and no persons but such a-> are
hciein excepted .shall be exempt.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. 1 have another amendment, to
insert as a new section:
Jlnd he it further enacted, That any person not liable to
be enrolled or drafted into the militaiy service ofthe Uni-
ted States may volunteer and then furnish an acceptable'
substitute and be -relieved from performing duty in person,
either upon a call for volunteers or when a draft is or-
dered.
Mr. President,any one who is drafted mayfur-
nish another person as a substitute to go into the
Army for him; but I have found, during the prog-
ress of this war, that there have been persons who
are* not liable to be drafted and not. liable to be
enrolled, who desire to volunteer for the name or
pride of the thing and then furnish a substitute.
I know an instance in my own city, where per-
haps the most influential business man in the city,
a man who is in the condition of those mentioned
by the Senator from Ohio the otherday, who had
hundreds of persons in his employ, who was con-
ducting a large establishment for the manufacture
of guns for the Government, desired to volunteer,
but was told that if he did he must go. There
are other persons of that class who desire first
to volunteer and then furnish a substitute. This
provision may secure some sol&ers to the Gov-
ernment. It may not operate very extensively,
but it is desirable perhaps to adopt it if it secures
a few.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I desire now to call up
the amendment which I proposed a day or two
since to the eleventh section. It is to strike out
all of that section after the enacting clause, in the
following words:
That section third of the "Act for enrolling and calling
out the national forces, and for other purposes," appioved
Maich 3, Jbb.'i, and so much of section ten ot said act a*
piovides for the x'paiato enrollment of each clas^, be, ami
the same are heieby, lepealcd ; and it shall be the duty of
the board of enrollment of each district to consolidate the
two cla-s^'h mentioned in the third section of said act.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
That the national foices of the United States not now in
the military service, enrolled unddr this act, shall he di-
vided into two clashes ; the fn-t of which shall comprise ail
porous subject to do military duty between the ages of
twenty and loitj five )eai.s, and who arc unmarried ; the
second class j-hall comprise ail other persons subject to do
military duty ; and the prisons o! the second clas.s shall not,
in any distuct, be called jnio the service of the United
States until tho^e of the fii-t o),i-s shall have been called.
I presented this amendment to the Senate,and
it wa« voted down when the other enrollment bill
was befoie the body. 1 think it is light. In the
language of the Senator fi om Massachusetts, [Mr.
Summer,] I think it will " popularize" the bill to
some extent. It cannot impair the efficiency of
the measure. I do not intend now to discuss it.
If it is the pleasure of the Senate, I should like to
have the yeas and nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Air. HENDRICKS. As there may be some
Senators present who were not present when this
amendment was before the body on a previous
day,l will say it Ls simply this: that, the military
force shall be divided into two classes, married
and unmarried, and that the unmanied men sub-
ject to do military duty shall be drafted before
there shall be a draft of the married men, It is
suggested by a Senator near me thai it might le-
quiie a reeniollmcnt. In reply, I will say that the
present enrollment shows who are mairied and
who arc unmarried, and there will be no practical
difficulty and no delay consequent upon the adop-
tion of this measure. ;
The question being taken by yeas and nays, !
res ulied—yeas 12, nays 29; as follows: j
YEA^—Me>-rs. Buckalew, Collnmer, Pavis, Ooohttle, j
Ilendrickf, Johnson. Lane ol Indiana, Lane oi Kansas, I
Neomitb, tJowel!? Saulsbury, and Sumner—12. 1
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony,Urown, Chandler, Clark, Con-
neas, Cowan, Dixon, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Grimes,
Hale, Harkm, Harris, Henderson, Howard, Howe, Morgan,
Morrill, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Sherman, Sprague,TenEyek,
Trumbull, Van Winkle, Wade, WilkiiiSbn, and Wilson
—29. •
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. DAVIS. I laid an amendment on the table
some days since, which I desire now to offer. It
is to insert as an additional section:
Sec. —. J3nd be it further enacted, That in every ease
where heretofore any person lias agreed to join, and has in
fact joined, or may hereafter join, the military service of
the United States, and has been received into the said ser- '
vice by any military officcr thereof, the person so joining
and received into such service shall, for all purposes what-
ever, be deemed to have been regularly mustered into said
sei vice m the position of officer, non-commissioned officer,
or private, in which he may have served, notwithstanding
ho may not have been mustered in according to law ana
the regulations of tins Wai I>i partmeiit.
I will say a single word in support of this prop-
osition. There was a regiment raised in my
State that was in two battles before it was mus-
tered into service. A portion of the regiment was
killed and a very considerable portion of them
wounded; several of them mutilated, losing arms
and legs. It was not the fault of these men that
they were not mustered in.* They were ordered
to a rendezvous to be mustered in on a particular
day. They were marched there, and the process
of mustering m continued about a day. They
were then ordered to a point called Cymhiana, in
the State of Kentucky, and there they engaged m
a very bloody battle, for the number of soldiers
engaged, and a good many of them were killed or
wounded. In a few days afterwards they were
ordered on another expedition toward Richmond,
in that State, and there they entered into two
other battles, one at a place called the Btg Hill,
and tiie other at the little town of Richmond, in
which the regiment again suffered very severely.
The consequence of these senes of battles was
that a good many of them were killed, and a good
many of them wounded, and some of them per-
manently disabled. One of them was in my of-
fice a few days before I left for this city, who had
lost his right arm. I think there can be no ob-
jection to this amendment. I offered this propo-
sition at the last session several times as ? sepa-
rate bill, and I could not get it to receive the
favorable consideration of the Senate. I offeied
to attach it to seveinl bills, and toputitinto good
company, but not better company than it was
itself, and in thai form 1 could not get it through
the last Congress. I trust the Senate will now be
disposed to accept the proposition asan additional
section to the bill.
Mr. WILSON". The amendment proposed by
the Senator from Kentucky has no concern with
an amendment of the em oilment act, and this bill,
so far, only relates to that act. I certainly do
not oppose the principle embodied in the amend-
ment moved by the Senator from Kentucky, but
it is not germane to this subject. I hope, therefore,
it will not be pressed, or if pressed that it will not
be put upon this bill. We shall have one or two
hills up within a few days on which the amend-
ment may more fitly be moved, and I hope that
it will not now be put upon tins bill.
Mr. DAVIS. I am not at all tenacious about
oficiing it as an amendment to this hill, but i
could not get it connected with any subject, last
session, to which it was germane, and I am seri-
ously apprehensive that that may be its fate at
the present session. However, I will risk a few
days, and wait for the coming bills of whicli the
Senator speaks. I withdraw it with the under-
standing that I shall offer it on some other bill to
which it will be more appropriate,
Mr. HOWE. I move to reconsider the^vote by '
which the'Senate rejected the amendment reported
by the committee;  
Mr. WILSON. You can do that in the Semite.
Mr. HOWE. I may just as well do it now.
Mr. WILSON. I think you had better do it
there, and let us "-el along with these amendments.
Mr. GRIMES. We are in Committee ofthe
Whole now.
