1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3207
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was read the third time. On its pas-
sage,
Mr. BUCKALEW called for the yeas and
pays, and they were ordered; and being talsen,
resulted—yeas 24, nays 7; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, ('handler, Clark, Doo-
little. Foot, Foster, Grimes, Harlan, Howard, Howe, Lane
of Kansas, Morgan, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Sherman, Sprague,
Ten Ky<;k,' Trumbull, Van Winkle, Wade, Wilkinson,
Willej', anil Wilson—2-i.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckalew, Carllle, McDougall, Powell,
Richardson, Riddle, and Salisbury—7.
ADSENT—Messrs. Oollamor, Conner, Cowan, Davis,
Dixon, Fessenden, Hale, Harding, Harris, Henderson, Hen-
dricks, Iljcks, Johnson, Lane oflndiana, Morrill, Nesmitli,
Sumner, and Wright—18.
So the'bill was passed.
On motion t>f Mr. MORGAN, its title was
amended by adding the words" and for other pur-
poses."
On motion of Mr. WILSON,
Tfie Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, June 23, 18G4.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. W. H. Channino.
The Journal of yesterday was read and ap-
proved.
YOUNG MEN'S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION.
Mr. STEELE, of New York, by unanimous
consent, reported back from the Committee for
the District of Columbia House bill No. 537, to
incorporate the Young Men's Christian Associa-
tion of the city of Washington.
The bill was read St length.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. STEELE, of New York, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
The letter motion was agreed to.
COLFAX STREET.
Mr. STEELE, of New York, also, from the
Committee for the District of Columbia, by unan-
imous co-nsent, reported a bill to establish Colfax
street in the city of Washington and District of
Columbia; which was read a first and second
time.
Mr. COX. There is no objection to that bill,
Mr. Speaker, none whatever. [Laughter.]
Mr. STEELE, of New York. I will simply
say that the bill only changes an alley to a street.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a
third time; and being engrossed, was accordingly
read the third time, and passed.
Mr. STEELE, of New York, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
washington public schools.
On motion of Mr. PATTERSON, by unani-
mous consent, Senate bill No. 2G, to provide for
the public instruction of youth in the county of
Washington and District of Columbia, was taken
from the Speaker's table.
The amendment of the Senate to the amend-
ment of the House, striking out the clause which
makes provision for the payment of compensa-
tion to school commissioners, was agreed to.
Mr. PATTERSON moved to reconsider the
Tote by which the amendment of the Senate to
the amendment of the House was agreed to; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CORRECTION OF AWARD.
Mr. PATTERSON. I ask the consent of the
House to lepott from the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia a joint resolution amending the
award of tile commissioners under the act of the
16ih of April, 1862, entitled "An act for the re-
lease of certain persons held to service or labor
in the District ofColumbia," m the ease ofNicho-
las Bowie, claiming for Martha Manning. The
objcct of the joint resolution is simply to correct
a clerical error and make tile payment correspond
with what was really the award of the commis- !
sioners.
There being no objection, the joint resolution
was introduced and read a first and second time.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. PATTERSON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SALARIES OF JUDGES OF SLAYE TRADE COURT.
Mr. COX asked unanimous consent to report
from the Committee on Foreign Aflairs a bill to
increase the salaries of the judges and arbitrator
of the mixed court under the treaty with Great
Britain for the suppression of the slave trade.
Mr. HOLMAN objected.
OREGON LAND GRANT.
Mr. SLOAN, by unanimous consent, from the
Committee on Public Lands, reported back Sen-
ate bill No. 279, to amend the act of Congiess
making donations to settlers on the public lands
in Oregon, approved September27, 1850, and the
acts amendatory thereof.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SLOAN moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PATENT LAWS.
Mr. CIIANLER, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Patents, reported back Senate
bill No. 162, amendatory of an act to amend an
actentitled "An act to promote the progress of the
useful arts," approved March 3,1863; which was
read a first ami secotid time.
The bill provides that any person having on
interest in an invention, whether as the inventor
or assignee, for which a patent was ordered to
issue upon the payment of the final fee, as pro-
vided in section three of an act approved March 3,
18G3, but who has failed to make payment of the
final fee as provided by that act, shall have the
right to make the payment of the fee, and receive
the patent withheld on account of the non-pay-
ment of the fee, provided payment be made within,
six months from the date of the passage of the
act; and provided that nothing therein shall be
so construed as to hold responsible in damages
any persons who have manufactured or used any
article or thing for which a patent was ordered to
be issued.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. CH ANLER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to lecotisider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
washington levy court.
On motion of Mr. DAVIS, of New York, the
House took from the Speaker's table Senate bill
No. 115, for the proper organization of the levy
court of the county of Washington, m the Dis-
trict of Columbia; which was read a first and
second time.
Tiie bill provides that the first clause of the
third section of the act to define the powers and
duties of the levy court of the county of Wash-
ington, District ofColumbia, in regard to roads,
and for other purposes, be amended so as to read
as follows:
That the said court shall have the care and charge of
and the exclusive jiiiMiction ovtr all the public roads anil
l-rldses m said county, exempt such Hi,ills and bridges a-,
belong to and are under the care, ol the tinned btates, and
except such road-, and bridges. as .Hall Have been or may
hereafter be specially provided tor by Congress. A id the
said court shall have power and it shall be their duty. ^
That the tenth section be amended by staking
out the words " thirty-first" and inserting the
word " thirtieth:" that all cemeteries in the Dis-
I trict of Columbia, outside of the cities of Wash-
| ington and Georgetown, the owners ot which sell
1 lots or burial rights therein iadisciimmuteiy to
! those applying therefor, shall be assessed and
i Hixed as other piopeity in the same parts of the
; Distikt; provided thatall lots in cemeteries, when
actually sold for burial purposes; and any ceme-
tery held and owned by a religious society* hav-
ing a regular and known place of worship, shall
be exempt from taxation; that hereafter ihtcotirt
shall have power and it shall be their duty reap-
point the colm ty surveyor of the county of Waster
ington, to define his duties from time to timo, te
fix bis compensation, and to remove him when-
ever they shall deem it proper so to do; that it
shall be the duty of the collector of taxes for the
county, whenever the owner or keeper of any dog
shall neglect or refuse to pay the tax thereon., to
kill or cause to be killed every such dog; that the
time specified by the act of February 21,1863,
within which certain roads in the county ahull be
surveyed, platted, and recorded, be-extended to
three years from July 1,18G5; that the court shall'
have power to issue, classify, and tax licenses
for taverns, hotels, and restaurants, and for' re-
tailing goods, wares, and merchandise in, the
county, in proportion to the amount of business
the person applying for a license is likely to do;
the maximum sum to be charged for any one
license not to exceed $250,*and the minimum to
be so chargod not to be less than £>2; and thatall
laws and parts of laws inconsistent with the act
be repealed.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed; and
ulso moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
POTOMAC PERRY COMPANY.
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio, moved to take from
the Speaker's table Senate bill No. 238, to incor-
porate the Potomac Ferry Company.
Mr. ALLEY objected. -
COLORED CATHOLIC BENEVOLENT SOCIETY.
Mr. TRACY, by unanimous consent, from the
Committee for the District of Columbia, reported
a bill to incorporate the Colored Catholic Benev-
olent Society; which was rend a first and second
time, oidercd to be engrossed and read a third
time; and being engrossed, it was accordingly read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. TRACY moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; und also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PAYMENT OF BOUNTIES.
Mr. TRACY. I ask unanimous consent to
submit the following resolution:
iicjoieerf, That the Committee on Military Affairs be, and
they are hereliv, instructed to inquire into tiie justice and
propriety ol' providing by the immediate enactment of a
law lor the payment tosoldiers who volunteered lor a term
jess than three year?* and not less than mile months, and
who iiave died or may heica'l'ter die in the military seivicts
of the United States in the line of their duty, the same
bounty as is now allowed by existing laws to soldiers who
volunteered for three years; and icpoit by bill or oilierwise.
Mr. FENTON. The Committee on Military
Affairs have been already instructed on this sub-
ject, but I do not object.
The resolution was adopted.
Hudson's bay company, etc.
Mr. ORTH. I ask unanimous consent to re-
port brack from the Committee on Foreign Affairs
Senate bill No. 187, to carry into effect the treaty
between the United States and her Britannic Ma-
jesty for the final settlement of the claims of the
Hudson's Bay and Puget Sound Agricultural
Companies. ,
Mr. HOLMAN. What are the salaries to be
paid to the umpire and commissioner;
Mr. ORTH. Five thousand dollars each,
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 object unless the salary
for each is. reduced to $4,01)0.
Mr. ORTH. The committee tried to reduce
it, and they were unanimous in fixing it at this
rate. This is necessary to carry out the provis-
ions of existing treaties. .
Mr. HOLMAN. Four thousand dollars is all
that we have heretofore paid for like services; and
these officers also have their personal expenses
paid. I object.
j THE SLAVE TRADE,
' Mr COX, by unanimous consent, from the
! Committee on Foreign Affairs, reported a bill to
