1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the product of New England schools,and trained
in no foreign courts. And our diplomacy has been
illustrated too by Irving as minister to Spain, by
Van Buren, minister to England, and by Motley,
another offspring of New England schools, and
New England schools alone; and by Hawthorne,
also trained in no school of diplomacy. Everett I
had almost forgotten to name among the brilliant
list; but if the last named, he is among the fore-
most of the scholars, not only of our country, but
of the world.
In the whole diplomatic history of Europe,
when we come to compare name with name, his-
torian with historian, scholar with scholar, neither
France nor England nor Russia, nor all com-
bined, can presentso beautiful a galaxy of literary
men as the American diplomacy has afforded,
from Franklin, the printer, down to our day, al-
though they have been men trained in our own
schools. What need, then, for consular schools
in Europe or anywhere to educate our young
men? Our system differs entirely from foreign
systems. I had almost forgotten the name of
Lewis Cass among the list of those who have so
illustrated our country abroad—Cass, a man born
of New England, but educated on the frontier
among the savages ofthe Northwest. Ithas been
our policy to take that class of men from among
the great body of the people and send them to
Europe to meet counts and lords and dukes, and
we have lost nothing in the result, but gained
much. - ■ i
Their system is an hereditary one; their diplo-
macy passes from family to family; they are edu-
cated and trained only for diplomatic purposes;
while our representatives, the offspnngof our free
institutions, have presented the class of men I
have described here. The gentleman from New
Hampshire [Mr. Patterson] well says that in
courts like those ofJapan,Siam, and China,highly
educated consuls are necessary. I know they are.
Judicial processes are intrusted to them, but qual-
ified men are abundant if the Executive will but
selcct them to fill those places. And I hesitate not
to say, from a personal knowledge and experience,
that the consulate at Constantinople has been
filled for years by one of the best educated men
that could have been selected in any country of
Europe for that purpose. Theconsulatein Japan,
filled by Mr. Harris, and the consulate in China,
filled at one time by Dr. Parker, afterwaids made
Commissioner, were provided with men most ad-
miiably fitted for their places. And if good men
are not always selected for such places it is the
fault of the Executive, berause such men are
abundant in the country, and the Executive can
nlways have them if he wills.
And now our whole system of education and
training is educating our young men far more
than they used to be for filling these consular
offices when the honorable gentleman from New
Hampshire and myself were young men. Even
the Arabic is taught in some of our schools to fit
men for consulships in the East. Our late con-
sul at Beyrout was one of the best educated
Arabic scholars in the East,a native-born Amer-
ican citizen. Indeed, the important consulships
have been in the main adequately well filled; and
where there are wrong men, 1 repeat, the fault
is in the Executive, whom no consular schools
can correct.
Sir, I should look upon it as a great calamity,
a great misfortune, to this country if we should
be represented abroad in high places by consular
pupils, by men who have been twenty or thirty
years from their country. It is necessary for every
young man to come home within five or ten ycais
and fiee himself of the courtly associations and
despotic modes of European thinking, to breathe
once more the spirit of our own free institutions;
then, after thus mingling with the great body of
the community, to go abroad once nioieif neces-
sary to represent thatfiee spirit abroad. The
law, therefore, here proposed is not necessary,
and I trust and hope that it will not be accepted
by the House. I trust that the action of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means—a committee with
which I do not always agree—will be supported
by all sides of the House, and that we will not
now, in the midst of war, not now in the midst
of ableedingTieasury,as well as of a bleeding peo-
pie, not now, when economy is more than evel
necessary, begin to educate young men abroad
for any diplomatic purpose whatever.
Mr. PATTERSON. I wish to occupy the at-
tention of the House for a few moments only . I
do not desire;to reply to the gentleman's illogical
and irrelevant inferences in respect to my advo-
cacy of consolidation. I wish simply to say that
his remarks, so far as they have any force, would
stand against an act authorizing the appointment
of diplomatic pupils, notagainst the Senate amend-
ment to the bill now before the House, which
would restore the rescinded section of the law of
185G, providing for the appointment of consular
pupils.
Does not the gentleman know that several of
the distinguished men whose names lie has paraded
with such triumph were trained diplomats, that
they enjoyed as a prerequisite of their great suc-
cess the professional discipline which I advocate
for our consuls? This is true of Jefferson, Ad-
ams, Everett,Wheaton, Motley, and others whom
I might mention.
I am not unmindful of the great services and
splendid abilities of Franklin, Jay, Wheaton, and
other honored names never to be forgotten in our
diplomatic history. Those venerated names but
illustrate the rule and shadow forth the possibilities
of a better system.
Of such, and of such only, could Horace say,
" Nil mortalibus arduum est,"
but the verse which succeeds in the splendid lyric,
" Cccluni fprium petitnus nultitia,"
though but a poet's myth drawn from the fables
of the giants, is but simple verity if applied to
our present American consular system.
Why, sir, Mr. Everett,to whom the gentleman
refers, was the first to introduce this policy by
embodying it in the treaty which he negotiated
with the Ftench minister in 1853. The Secreta-
ries Marcy and Cass, whom he lias summoned
before us, urged it earnestly and persistently.
They who have had the best means of knowing
thedefects and necessities of ourconsularsystem,
are the men who press this measuie. The names
to which the gentleman has referred are excep-
tions. That our commercial and revenue inter-
ests and the reputation of the nation have suffered
sadly from the utter ignorance of our consuls of
the languages, laws, history, and policy of the
Governmenls to which they have been sent and
of their own proper duties, is notorious. I do not
say this to their disparagement. They may be.
intelligent in all other matters but not in this. It
is then' misfortune that they have been thrown
from their proper sphere by the blind policy of
parti's. I call attention to the following com-
munication from a very intelligent gentleman, for-
merly a member of this House, who has lately
returned from his consulate at Matanzas.
Washington, April 18, 1804.
Sir : VVJiile my connection with a consulate ha* not been
loner enoH^Ii to lend much v.Uue 10 my MisgeMiom it was
60 recent that the recollection* of my expeuenee are vivid,
and may help lo a eoirect appn'ciation of' Ihe difficulties
suriouiidmg that biancli ol executive service; and I beg
to etier my observation to the ilepaiiment.
I have recently lead the dcb.ites in the .Senate on the
pendnni bill, a pinvision of which authoiizc the appoint-
ment ot consular pupils ; and if anything can demonstrate
the necessity of the measure it is the MMinin<i lailure of
some of the ablest of that body to appreciate Ihe subject.
To ;--ay tiiat tlieie are incurable evils inevitable to our
system ol government, and toaceept tbedefeets in ourlor-
ei ii service as one of them, is a weak escape from lesponsi
bihty. Our commercial representation may be below that
of anv other lespeetable Government. Its defects are so
i obvious and the remedies so apparently possible that to say
the seivice cannot be vastly improved is an assertion not
to be accepted without persistent effort and experiment.
Tbe consul is appointed with little releieuee to Ins act-
ual fitness, lie is the Auiciiean average of ability and
intelligence; lias had no commercial or legal education;
without any examination a* to qualifications,he oftensoes
out without the advantage ot personal instructions uudor
the Consular Bureau, and does not readily master the val-
uable (Jonsulai Manual furnished him. As but one other
nation speaks his language, he doubtless goes among a
people with whom be can hold no possible communication.
He knows notluuq of their customs, mode of thought, or
channels of Humiliation ; knows nothing of their commer-
cial oidinanccs and policy, or of the treaties of bis. own or
their Government; cannot communicate with their author-
ities so a.s to procure a local recognition, pending the ar-
rival of his exequatur. An instance occurred in Cuba
wlieiean American cousui remained four months belore
lie established lelations with ttie Government. ^
The newly arrived American consul stands in the pres-
ence of a loreign people deat and dumb, and i* obliged to
aumire many of the iiidiuientsot human irifercouiseanew.
With no familiarity with the common routine onus office
or of commercial aflairs, lie receives his post from a pre-
dece&sor who i's in too much ot a hurry or too churlish to
instruct hnn, and many men in middle life are incapable
of ever being instructed. His compensation usually prfe-
cludes tlie possibility of employing a clerk- lie is tortile
first time to see a ship's register, and the shipping articles
are a new and oecuit revelation. At fir^t -the difference
between an invoice and a ship's manifest is not apparent?
and an extended protest is an extensive arrangements Be
does not know the use ofthe numeious blanks with wlueli
his office is filled, and never finds them all out ' Thean^dc
of keeping tlie consular accounts he floes n<S appreheifed,
and not one in fifty of the newly appointed consuls con by
possibility make up the necessary quarteiiy reports or fur-
Dish the commercial statistics that swell the annual volume
of our Commercial Relations; and whoever examines tUose
will be astonished at the many blanks which the incompe-
tency of American consuls at nnportantports makes in those
fragmentary and imperfect works. The captain of thepwt
sends him a clearance for his vis64 yet what it is, or irom
whence, ot for what purpose, he lias no conception; and
when in his pursuit of knowledge under difficulties he
finds one who can make its contents known he then has to
be informed what he is to do to it, to tlie utter astonish-
ment oi the foieign officers who wonder mostat Ins being
sent among them at ali.
Perplexing controversies constantly arise between sea-
men and thfir captain*. The new consul knows nothing
of either class, or in what way the disputes are or should
be dealt with, and yet lie must decide piomptly. Hetioes
not know in what caf.f.* ho may ask the aid of the local po-
lice, nor to whom or how he may apply.
Grave questions of commercial law are often met, aris-
ing from loss of cargo, wrecks, general average, &c., the
authentication of records, taking proofs, &.c., with a con-
stant demand for drafting pnpeis, for which he has no
forms, tfo of the disposition of the remains and property
of deceased Ameticnns. So, too, he is ignorant of the dfil-
icate textuie of our relations with the countiy where he
resides, of subsisting treaties, of their construction, and
whether questions arising under them were ever betore
settled, and how. Often the official correspondence of the
State Department with his predecessor on questions that
perplex him remain a sealed book to him; and lie is igno-
lcint of the ordinary precedents of the office he holds and
the cases and traditions of his own consulate. Aconsular
pupil of two yeais would be equal to most of these ques-
tions, or would have access lo means of information which
he would understand. An Ameiican consul was once im-
piisoned for one hundred days in Matanzas for attempting
to exercise a consular right under a treaty with Spain.
Though honest he was mistaken, and wa< left without
redie-s.
] f the new consul succeeds to one of the most important
posts which t'uiployh subordinates, henccessauly and in-
evitably falls into their hands and under then control. He
takes their impiessions, adopts their views, sees what they
desne him to ^ee, and hears only their rendering of the
things ho would hear. A man thus commencing forever
remains the ward of his subordinates; and these may have
been the employe* of a predeqessorremoved lor cause, and
who sustain no icJation of re.-ponstbiiity to the Govern-
ment. as a consular pupil would.
In my own cxpciience 1 received the constant and gra-
tuitous asr^tancc of one of the most accomplished of our
consular officers in the Spanish dominion*, and thus, I
triift, the public f,eivioe was not compromised m my per-
son ; and L was saved from the inevitable nustortunes and
persona! moi rifie.uion"* that would otherwise have attended
me, and received thanks for services that were ically due
to another.
The constant education of twenty-iive competent and
emulous young Amerieans as consular pupils, not remov-
able except for cause, and who should not succeed to con-
sulates till after two years' tuition, and who should be l re-
quited to master commercial law, modern languages, or
some of them, become familiar with our commercial trea-
ties, &.C., would soon supply a corps of competent consuls,
and no AdnimMration could leave them unemployed.
Many would doubtless resign to seek places in foreign
commercial houses. Then return to other pursuits would
be avenues thiough which a rare fundot knowledge would
find its way into public service in Congress and ioreign
mission?. ^ , , ,
X trust the motivesWith which this is offered to tne heart
of the State Department may excuse it& intrusion upon *
him.
I am, sir, your obedient servant,
A. G. RIDDLE, late Consul.
Hon. Wm. H. Seward, Secretary of Slate.
It may be said that these places of higher trusts
and emoluments will continue to be bestowed as
rewards for political services. But give us a body
of men eminently iitted for the work, and it will
be found that there are interests of trade and ot
Slate stronger than the claims of party which
will wrest these appointments from the category
of party spoils.
The seventh section of the act of 1856, repealed
in 1857, which it. is now proposed to repeal, is a
first movement in the proper direction. The im-
portance of having well-informed Americans in
the inferior grades of the consular service may
well be illustrated by a reference to the illicit
trade between Canada and the United States.
That smuggling, to the extent of millions of dol-
lars annually, is being carried on in silks and vel-
vets and other goods from France and Switzer-
land, and teas from China, under the protection
if not undor the direction of our alien commer-
cial agents in the British provinces is well under-
stood by high officials who have the best means •
of information; and this is but an illustration, on
a small scale, of the frauds practiced upon our
