2232
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 11,
revenues through the dishonesty of foreign clerks
and the professional incompetency of consuls in
other parts of the world. How long are we to
endure such things for the mere gratification of
what, by an expressive vulgarity, has been styled
buncombe ?
Mr. KASSON. Mr. Speaker, it will be seen
that by the provisions of that general act it was
intended to devise, improve, and permanently
establish a diplomatic and consular system for
the.United States. It was proposed as a part of
that system that the President should be author-
ized to employ these persons who are there called
consular pupils. They are in fact consular clerks,
and the term "pupil" may perhaps mislead some
gentlemen as to the purport of the law. It is
simply designed to establish a class of men not
liable to constant removal, but who should be al-
lowed to become acquainted with the language,
the laws, and manners and customs of the coun-
try to which they may be sent.
Now, what is the mischief m the existing law
which it is here proposed to remedy, and which
it is desiied to lemedy by the gentleman from
New Hampshire, [Mr. Patterson ?] Nu sonnet
does a consul become familiar with the duties of
his office and the mode and manner of tiansaeting
business with which he is churned than, by a
change of Administration, he is liable to removal
and a new man sent out, while in the mean time
our commercial aftaits inquire an efficient man.
There is not an American ship going info a for-
eign port that the captain or seamen do not de-
mand the sei\iees of our consul to present their
case to the loicigu authorities and have justice
done to them. Uy the present system we cannot
secure the services t f competent and efficient offi-
ce* s as consuls, and this is the evil that we seek
to remedy. Will tins proposition as it comes
from the Senate do it? It simply authorizes the
President to appoint these consular pupils.
But when will they be r< moved? Will they
not be removed just as consuls are removed?
When they get to be efficient will ihey not be
taken away under a change of Admmistiahou,
and leave the same embarrassment to existnndei
which weaio nowlnboiing? In the opinion of
the committee there is no guard thrown around
this section to pievent the incurrence of the same
mischief which we all desire to lemedy. Under
these circumstances the committee cannot consent
to the establishment of this corps of consular
clerks, thereby adding this burden to the Tieas-
ury, though it is not veiy huge, unless the sec-
tion be accompanied by n pioviso which should
make the system one w iiich would a perma-
nent benefit to I he com me i cm! and other inlet eh is
Ot the counny. Now, if we h id a security thai
wc could secure ihe light kind of men lor tins
purpose, and could seciue them as clei ks to con-
suls abroad when they leach their destination, I
should feel strongly inclined to support the gen-
tleman from New Hampshire.
With this statement of the question, if there is
no other gentleman who desnes to speak, 1 pro-
pose to Utk< ihe aefion of the House upon if.
Mr. MORRILL. After the veiy attiachve
tfpeech of the gentleman fiom New Hnmpsluie,
[Mr. Patterson,! I am ,1,)f disposed to have the
question taken until the House can look at the
matter in its practical opeiation. Now, if these 1
pupils shall be appointed, there is no guarantee
whatever upon their pait that they are toseive !
the couimy, nor is there any obligation upon the i
counny that they shall be continued in the ser-
vice. The eul sought to be n-mcdied cannot be
reachul in that way. The real evil is in the ap-
pointing powei. Theie ate a plenty of young
men in the countt y who are well qualified for these
positions; young men, sons of nieichants, who
are not only educated with some reference to the
duties they aie to perform in future life, but aie ii
educated in the languages of those countries u ith
which their lathers aie engaged in commerce. )!
Among our citizens you will find a sufficient sup- ji
piy of these men to fill nil these appointments if '
the Executive would but do his duty. I hope i!
that we will hold the Executive responsible tor ;i
these appointments, and not create by law a cla^a "J
of popinjays who will receive the contempt of the Ij
country when they return home. 1
The SPEAKER. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concuired in
The SPEAKER. The next amendment re-
served for consideration will be read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That The President
may, in lus discretion, by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate, appoint an envoy extiaoidmary ;ind minis-
ter plenipotentiary lo the kingdom of Beicium, who shall
receive no higher compensation than is now allowed to a
minister resident.
The SPEAKER. To that amendment the gen-
tleman from New York offered an amendment.
Mr. PRUYN, I did not offer the amendment,
as the Speaker supposes. Jt was offered by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Broomall.]
Mr. PROOMALL. I will father the amend-
ment, and withdraw it.
Mr. KASSON. I move to amend by insert-
ing after the word " that" the following:
Tf the President, in his di-ciotion, shall nominate an
envoy extraordinary and number plenipntentmty to the
km«dom of Belgium, the bum appiopnau-d to the minister
resident i-> hcieby uunMeried lo such envoy. ;uid the addi-
tional sum ot ,^,500 nheieby .tpptopriutcd ni eonfonmty
to the fust section of the diplomatic and conbuiai act, ap-
ptoved August 18, ISoG
I will explain the effect of the amendment. The
first section of the diplomatic and consular act to
which I made reference a little while ago provides
the rate of compensation for ministers, envoys,
&.C., abroad. In schedule A, after naming cer-
tain countries in which the salary shall be $17,-
500, and others in which the salaiy shall be
$iy,0UI), it is piovided that in nil other cases the
salary shall be §10,000. The President has the
tight to designate the grade, and the object is that
if he makes an appointment theie shall be the
money appropriated to meet it. If he does not
make the appointment nobody will draw the
money.
Mi. S PEVENS. I do not understand that any
vote of yesteiday sanctioned the idea of laising
this grade, or of appropriating anything beyond
the $7,500. 1 slated that if a minister of that
grade was to ho appointed he ought to have a full
salary, but 1 am nothing to invite the President
to raise the giade of a minister and make an ap-
pointment unless he chooses to do so himself.
And this is nothing more not less than an invita-
tion to the Executive to do what he ought to do
without any prompting from us. If it is neces-
sary let him make the appointment and ask for
an appropriation to pay the salary, and we will
vole it. But for us, for reasons which I'eannot
understand, to come hero and ask the President
to do a thing which he has shown no inclination
to (lit, and then say that if In; will do it we will
pay the man he appoints, iy not according to my
taste, I hope the whole thing will be voted down.
Mr. KASSON. We have a communication
from the President, tin ough the Secretaiy of St ate,
stating that it is the wish of that Depaitment to
raise the grade of this mission, and it cannot be
done, of course, unless theie is an appropriation
made.
^ Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman ismistaken.
The Secietaty says that he does not want anap-
propi lation,
Mr. KASSON. The House voted down that
yesterday. The law of ltC>6 expies&ly fixes the
salary at $10,000 when the appointment is made.
We have heie a conunnnieatiou from the Secre-
tary of Stale saying that he desires the appoint-
ment to be made1. Now, all it remains for Con-
fess to do, if it doejj not see pioper to contravene
the action of the Executive Depat tment, is to ap-
piopnate the additional #"2,51)0 called lor by the
law of 1K>6. If the appointment is not made, of
cour;>e the appiopiicUton will not be dtawn.
Mr. STEVENS. May 1 ask the gculeman if
1 have misunderstood tin; communication of the
Secretary of State? i understand him to say ex-
pressly that he asks no appropriation.
Mr. KASSON. The gentleman stated yester-
day that he did not wish the grade of this mis-
sion to be raised without an appropriation equal
to the requirements of the increased grade. Other
gentlemen took the same ground, and aecoidingly
liie House cast the vote yesterday which we all
n mem ber.
AI! I ask, therefore, is that we coufoim our ac-
tion to the existing law. Inasmuch as the Ex- j
ecutive Department proposes to raise the grade ]
of this mission, it becomes necessary for us to I
make an appropiiation m accoidance with the re• i
quest made of £>2,500 as proposed. >
Mr. SPALDING. I think it sufficient for us
to vote appropriations for these foreign ministers
whenever the President himself shall designate
the grade. I object, as does the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, to traveling in advance of the move-
ments of the President upon these subjects.
I do not understand that the Secretary of State
asks for an advance of grade in this case with an
increase of salary, but simply that the present
incumbent shall he advanced, to retain the same
salary which he now enjoys. Nosv, to this many
members object*, for they say that the present
incumbent may not be very long in that office,
and then a man may be placed there who will re-
quire this increase. I say, in view of this rea-
soning, that it is better for us, in my apprehen-
sion, to vote down this ptovision and wait until
the President shall advance the grade of this mis-
sion and ask us to make the appropriation.
Mr. KASSON. I have only to say that that
request has been already made in the usual man-
ner through the Secietary of State in an official
communication coming here through the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, and theHouse decided
yesterday that the grade should be raised with
an increase of pay. I do not think that in a
matter of this kind we ought to contiavene the
action of the Executive Department. I hope we
shall not do it in this case without better reasons
than have been stated. I now demand the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded,and the
main question ordered; the question being fiist
upon Mr, Kasson's amendment.
Mr. KASSON demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordeied;and Messrs. Kassonand
Thomas were appointed.
The House divided, and the tellers reported—
ayes 40, noes 53.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
The question recurred on agreeing to the amend-
ment of the Senate.
Mr STEVENS. I move to strike out what
remains of the amendment of the Senate.
The SPEAKER. The House is now acting
under the previous question, but that would be
the effect of non-concurring in the amendment of
the Senate.
Mr. STEVENS. Then I hope we shall vote
down the amendment of the Senate.
The question was taken, and the amendment
of the Senate, as amended, was disagreed to.
Mr. KASSON. 1 now move that a committee
of conference be asked on the part of the House
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the
amendments of the Senate to this bill.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. The next business in order
is the consideration, duting the morning hour,of
House bill No. 276, to secure to persons in the
military or naval service of the United States
homesteads upon confiscated or forfeited estates
in insurreetionaiy districts.
1'JllCVKNTION OF SMUGGLING.
Mr. ELIOT asked and obtained unanimous
consent to have taken from the Speaker's table
an act (S. No, 266) lo prevent smuggling; which
was read a fust and second time, and referred to
the Committer on Commerce.
Mr. HROOXCS. J wish the gentleman from
Massachusetts would ask to have the bill printed.
Mr, ELIOT. I have no objection.
The bill was ordered to be printed.
NAVA.TO INDIAN CAPTIVES.
Mr. WiNDOM asked and obtained unanimous
consent to have taken from the Speaker's table
an act (S. No. 226) to aid m the settlement, sub-
sistence, and support of the Navajo Indian cap-
tives upon a reservation in the Territory of New
Mexico; which was lead a first and second time,
and refencd to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
COMMISSIONER OF PUBLIC BUILDINGS.
Mr. YEAAIAN, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced an act relating to the office of Commissioner
of Public Ouiklings; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee for
the District of Columbia.
CONFISCATED ESTATES.
The House then proceeded, as the business
next m oider, to the consideration of House bill
