1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
'211
this question. I do notknowanythingabouthis
character, judicial or otherwise, but h,e has de-
cided, as i understand, in conformity with the
argument of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Orth.] Indeed, theargumentof the gentleman is
drawn from this precious reservoir of learning.
After quoting the constitutional clause, that
"Congress shall have power to declare the punishment
of tieason; but no attainder of treason shall work corrup-
tion of blood or forfeiture cxccpt during the life of the per-
son attainted• ' *
He has held that—
" If we use the woid ' except' in the above sense in the
'constitutional provision, or make it read, (unless during
the life of the person attainted,' we shall at once come to
the true intent and meaning of the provision, to wit, that
the forfeiture was to be periected during, and not after, the
lifetime of the party attainted."
Wonderful jurist! Profound logician! Sage
philologist! He actually holds that the word " ex-
cept" in the Constitution really means something
else than its own common and technical meaning;
that it means " unless." By all the processes of
Ins court, as I am informed, he is striving to give
effect to his absurd decision by conveying the
absolute title to those estates which have been
confiscated before him.
Well, sir, if this judge, under the confiscation
law and the joint resolution interpreting it, had a
right to do anything of thatkind, what is the need
of this legislation? Why is this additional legis-
lation proposed? The very fact that the gentle-
man from Iowa has brought in this bill is evidence
to my mind that this judge is a corrupt man and
deserves impeachment for breaking down the ex-
isting law which the gentleman from Iowa is now
tiying to amend so as to make such proceed-
ings valid hereafter. The introduction of this
hill is a stigma upon his name, which will grow
blacker with time. I would need no other evi-
dence of the corruption, the bad heart, and the
perverse judgment of that judge than the simple
argument which can be drawn from the words of
the Constitution against his mode of confiscating
property.
The gentleman from Indiana? [Mr. Ortii,]
whose speech I had the pleasuie of reading a few
minutes since, for I could not altogether hear it
while he was delivering it, concluded his argu-
ment with an invocation to the House to be vir-
tuous, to stand firm to their duty in this time when
the nation is reeling and staggering under the
sturdy blows of organized treason. He appeals
to us m this time to gather around the Adminis-
tration and to put down tiaitors and punish the
guilty. Very well. I am with the gentleman in
all that, but I should have liked his appeal better
had he'called on us to stand by the Constitution
as all-sufficient for these purposes. In almost the
same bieath the gentleman says he would oppose
the enactment ot'lawf^which inflict ciuel, harsh,
or unjust punishment upon offenders. Indeed!
The question here is not how, by penal statutes, to
reach the guilty. The guilty aie aheady reached
by the present law. This bill reaches beyond the
guilty traitor,and involves, by a posthumous pun-
ishment, the innocent and good—ay, even the un-
born innocents, it inflicts on the children of the
guilty the punishment due to the patents; and the
gentleman from Indiana, who seems ftmn his
speech and countenance to he benevolent, shows
that*in fact he pai takes of the ferocious humanity
of the hourby arguing in favor of a bill to punish
the inoffensive offspring of the traitor. How kind
his logic is may be seen tiorn this extinct:
'■ You cannot take from one that which he hath not. You
cannot rob one who is not possu^-ed of anj thins,'. I pto- !
po-5.' to take from the traitor hi- piopeity In-tme In-death, j
.and befoie it can descend to and vos-t in his heir-. The j
child ha- no natuial right to the property of the father, j
Even in f-ocietv the child cannot demand as a M>oial risht ,
the povM'^bion of his lather's e-tafe. The f.ithei,dutim  his 1
hie time, can alienate his piopern by deed ot eon\ey:iwe oi
by wtll to take effect at his death; and he can bv either !
jnoceS'S totally diMuheut hit- chihheri.aml mant hi- estate j
tosnangei*. it is only m a ceitani eontihgencv that tiie j
chii<lobtain-; possesion of the father's piopeity. as where ;
he dies mte-tate, and tins right of mbeiiwnce is pureh a ;
social nght. depending upon express legislation or lmmc- 1
moual u.-age npeited into the validity and sanctity oi j
expiess law.15 *
The child has no natural right to the property .
of the father! What an unnatuial proposition.
It is only " by express legislation or immemorial !
usage" that gives to the child, in the absence of
an unnatural will, the estate of the father! Truly,
sir, we have fallen on evil times, when to bolster
up bills of penalty like this upon the children of
the guilty the beautiful and sacred relations of the
family are to be disrupted.
J am shocked that in this age and in thiscoun-
try and in this House I am required to stand up
before the American people, and, as a matter of
pure philanthropy and common decency, protest
against thecrue! and remorseless character of bills
of this kind , and to defend the rights of those who
have committed^ no crime, but upon whom it is
proposed to visit, after the death of the parent,
the crimes of the ancestor.
Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from Indiana, in
his elaborate and learned speech, drew from the
old feuilalsysteni, from the black-letter laws, from
the whole history of oitr common law with refer-
ence to forfeiture, to show that there should be
another and a different interpretation given to the
Constitution from that which was given by the
men who made the Constitution, by the men
who passed the law of 1790, to carry out that
clauseofthc Constitution to w hich I have icferred,
and by all the interpreters of the Constitution'to
whom he himself has referred. He says that the
science of philology is progressive, and that a
word which meant one thing at one time and
in one age may mean another thing at another
time and in a different age, and upon that princi-
ple he says that the word "except" in the Con-
stitution means 44 unless,'* and then he draws,
hke the Virginia judge, the conclusion that the
only meaning of the Constitution is that the pro-
ceedings shall be commenced in the life of the pur-
son attainted.
It will be borne in mind that the phraseology
of our Constitution was most carefully guarded.
It was as pure and simple as the spirit of the Con-
stitution was kind and liberal. The word except,
in I7S7, had as plain a meaning then as it has
now. The word " imta" was not its synonym
then, nor is it now, except m very rare and re-
mote instances.
But suppose the gentleman should by some
technical logomachy find out that the word "ex-
cept" meant sometimes "unless:" he does not
find the word " unless" in the Constitution, and
if he had it would make no difference intheargu-
mrnt. The word "except," accoiding to my
philology, which has notprogressed very lapidiy,
is derived from the Latin wot-ds cx and capio, to
take from, to exclude from, to leave out. This
is the primary, and not the secondary meaning
into which the gentleman would distort it. That
is the meaning always attributed to it by all the
public writers who have commen-ted on this part
of the Constitution. Tins, too, is the otdmary
and simple meaning of the Constitution. Hieuds
in this way, and cannot be made to read in any
other: "But no attainder of treason shall work
corruption of blood or forfeiture txcept during
the hfeof the person attainted." There are some
clauses which interpret themselves. Discussion
only obscures, and does notelucidate their mean-
ing. This clause is one of them.
Now, suppose the gentleman inserts his favor-
ite wotd " unless;" how does that help him? It'
is still a limitation on the power which woiks
coiiuption <jf blood or forfeiture, ami that limit
is during the life of the person attainted of treason, i
That word " unless "does not change the meaning
of it at all. You.may use it with all emphasis,
and still the limitation would be on forfeiture
during life.
But, Air. Speaker, there can be no such con-
struction given to it. The word " except," ac-
coiding to Worcester, Webster, and all other die-
tionaiU'S, in its first and best meaning simply
means "to exclude fiom;" so that when the Con-
stitution said that the attainder of treason should
not woj;lv forfoituie of property except dm ing the {J
life of the pei son attainted it meant that the for- j|
feituie should exclude the fee. H was taken outof !i
and from the effects of the forfeiture. The for- j!
feiture nevei went beyond the life. Arid there ;j
are good reasons for such a construction which {;
the gentleman fiom Indiana seemed to ovetlook. {'
He might have found them laid down by Judge j.
Story. Ho miy ht have found them in the United ji
Stntescourtsdccisions. He might have found them 1;
m common smise. Ho mi^ht have found them in jj
the hisjtoiy ofrhe English Parliament. He might ;!
have found them in the history of English and ]
Irish confiscations, It was intended by our Con-
stitution to pi event forever this crime of Govern-
ment taking from those not in legal existence,
| from minors, from the weak and helpless, from
| those not guilty from those incapable of crime,
; that property which always in cases of intestacy,
j and generally in cases of will, the law gives to the
j children, and which,by natural right, and accord-
j ing to every code of inheritance known among men,
j always goes to the children in the absence of a
I will. The only authority which can j^e offered by
| the gentleman for lus construction is this Virginia
| judge. The gentleman has brought no authority
! here for the purpose of sustaining his view—none
j whatever. He has evidently been diligent, ami
| has tun over all the authorities, and found them
against him. Can the gentleman name one au-
thority which sustains his view ofthe case^xcept
j this trashy decision of this Judge Underwood?
« Not one. He relies solely on hisprogressive phi-
! lology. So it is progressive. This war is learning
i us many new meanings to old words and terms'.
I A patriot used to mean one who loved his whdlc
country; who \vasdevoted,by a principle ofsym-
pathy and un-ion, to every part; who had a com-
mon feelmgand a common interest with thosewho
lived under the same Government, or are con-
tained within the same natural or historical bound-
aiies; who cherished thetie that holdsthe country
together, and who held that evil to any part of
their fellow-countrymen was evil to themselves.
Now it means otherwise. Philology is progress-
ive. Now a patriot is one who can break the
supreme law, who can hate half his nation, who
can rejoice in the bayonet at the election and the
gieenbaek in corruption; who is anxious to see
a war of extermination, and who, as the climax
of his devotion, is willing to see the last one of
his wife's blood-relations offered upon the altar.
Philology is progressive. A traitor now is a
man who loves the old order, who dislikes to see
the old Constitution dismantled, who is willing to
make any sacrifice thai will restore the Union,and
whose very love of those who used to be under
the same old family roof-tree amounts to such a
sympathy that he would love to have them all
restored.
A philanthropist used to mean a friend of man.
Now it means a friend of the black; or, rather,
such friendship as drags the negro from home,
happiness, and content, to pauperism, crime, and
starvation! Philology is progressive.
Hut Judge Story did not progress as the gen-
tleman fiom Indiana in his philology; but kept
the old meaning of the fathers, which was for all
time. My ftiend from Indiana said that he could
find but In tie written by our commentators upon
this mooted clause of the Constitution. When he
turned to Judge Curtis he found but one single
sentence: "The punishment of treason is not pre*
scribed by the Constitution. It is left to be pre-
scribed by Congress;with thelimitation, however,
that no conviction for treason shall work corrup-
tion of blood or forfeiture of property except dur-
ing the life of the offender."
The matter was so plain to Judge Curtis that
he could make but Itttle commentary upon it. So
it was with JudgeStory. After quoting the clause
in question, he sayx:
'•Two motives probably concurred in infrodueingit asau
expre-s powei. One was, not to leave it open to implica-
tion whether it wa.s 1o he exclusively punishable with
death, accvj<f rnr to the known rule of the common taw, and
with the haibaious aecompannuents pointed out bv it, but
to confide the punishment to the discretion ot Coumess.
The other w;h, to impose so.mic limitation upon the na-
tiju: and rxri.NT of the punishment, ko that it should not
woiU coiiuption of blood oi ioifciture bcyond the life of.
the ojjcntlci." *****
"Ubiiulv i*> ennu«h foi soeiciy to take the life of the of-
• fender, n- X just pnni-hinent ot Jus enmo, without taking
; fioin his offspring and relative* that piopeity winch may he
the onlv means of saving them from poverty and ruin. It
n b.id policy t<>o 5 for it enN off ail the attachments which
these unfortunate victims might otherwise fee! for their own
Government, and pieparesthein to engage ui any othei ser-
vice by which their s-uppo-ed injmie^ uiaj. be ledre^cd or
their hereditary hatred gratified. Upon these and similar
grounds it may be presumed that the clause was first intro-
duced mto the oiigmal draft ot the Constitution; and, after
some amendments, il was adopted without any apparent
resistance. I'y the laws since pilled by Congress it i  de-
clared that no" conviction or judgment for any capital or
other olfen&cts shall woik coirnption of blood or any for-
feiture of estate. The history of other eountties abundantly
prove.-, that one of the -.tiong incentives to prosecute ot-
tenses as tieason h.ts been the chance of sharing in tho
plunder ofthe victim.-. Rapacity has been thus stimulated
to exert it-elf m the service of the mo-t corrupt tyranny;
and tyranny lias been thus furnished with new opportuni-
ties of indulging in malignity and revenge ; of gratifying its
envy of the rich and good; and oi increasing its means to
reward favorites and secure retainers for the worstdeedn."
—3 Story's Commentaries o. 170.
