3210
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 23^
i Stfates, bonds of any denomination notfess than $100, pay-
able Hv lawful money three years from the date thereof, and
bearing interest not exceeding flight per cent, per annum,
payable semi-annually in lawfut money, and may receive
at par therefor the lawful money of the United States,Treas-
ury notes, certificates of indebtedness, or certificates of
deposit issued under any act of Congress. And the Secreta-
ry ©f the Treasury, in.KUfitfon to the total amounts id bond*
authorized by.the first and secohdsectionsof this act, shall
Issue at par, in redemption of any outstanding notes, cer-
tificates of deposit* or certificates of indebtedness of the
Vnited States, bonds similar to those hereinbefore in this
second sectionauthorized, in denominations of not let?s than
, $100, or of like denominations similar lo those authorized
by the first section, and payable five years from date, with
Interest at six cent., payable semi-annually. And
the Secretary of thd' Treasury is further authorized to is-
sue, in lieu of any bonds heretofore authorized by Jaw,
and not now issued in pursuance thereof, bonds similar to
and in the denominations hereby authorized. All out-
standing notes, other than United States notes,shall cea^e
to be a legal tender in payment of public or piivate Indebt-
edness on and aft r the 1st day of October, J $64. And no
notes, other than United States notes, shall hereafter be Is-
sued or reissued. Nor shall the total amount of United
States notes Issued or to be isbued ever exceed $400,000,-
000,and such additional sum, not exceeding $50,000,000,
as may be temporarily required for the redemption of tem-
porary loan.
Mr. POMEROY. As this proposed substitute
embraces several propositions, I will submit to
the House at this time barely a statement of the
points of difference between the two sections.
Before proceeding to such statement I will ask
permission to make one or two verbal amend-
ments, and to call the attention of those who were
not in the last Congress and may not have had
their attention directed to it to the technical mean-
ing of the words t{ United States notes" and
"Treasury notes." I desire to insert after the
word " outstanding," where it occurs in my
amendment in line twenty-two, the word "Treas-
ury;"so thatit shall read " outstanding Treasury
notes." i also desire to strike out "notes,"
where it first occurs inline twenty-six, and insert
in lieu thereof the words u Treasury notes made
legal tender;" so that it will read, u and no Treas-
ury notes made legal tender other than United
States notes shall hereafter be issued or reissued."
For the information of the House I will say that
by a Jaw of last Congress the original non-intorcst-
bearing greenbacks were denominated w United
Stales notes," and all othets " Treasury notes."
The amendments were agreed to by unanimous
consent.
Mr. POMEROY. I believe the substitute I
have offered brings directly before the House the
whole substantial difference of opinionupon the
subject of the issue of these bonds and Treasury
notes. The policy to be adopted in the negotia-
tion of loans first arose two years ago, in reference
to the bonds authorized by the act of February,
18&2. The Committee of Ways and Means then
recommended to the House a loan of $500,000,000
upon five-twenty six per cent, bonds, the inteiest
to be payable m legal-tender notes. The Senate
amended it, and the bill came back with the in-
terest payable in coin. Thatamendment was con-
curred in by the House, and from that day to this
I believe that has been conceded by the Secretary
of the Treasury, by the Committee of Ways and
IVIeans of this 1 louse, and by the whole country,
to be the established financial policy of this coun-
try in raising money. At that time I took occa-
sion to make sonic remmks to the House upon
that question, in favor of pioceeding upon the
gold basis as to our bonds, and I adhere now to
the statements I made then. There is no mode
by which the Government can raise money except
through loans and through taxation. It cannot
make money any more than i can make it. The
legal-tender not<>s then authorized were a simple
loan without interest, necessarily made to nerve
the purposes of currency by the exigencies of the
time, protected from depreciation by convertibil-
ity into bonds, and were thus made an available
instrument in conducting the finances of the coun-
try, and have since remained and still are so.
But there must be a limit to this issue of paper
by the Govemnif nt, and the principle on which
the Governmcnt should act is to make such a
limit, end to prevent nowand forever the issue of
the hybrid legal-tender notes, such as are author-
ized by the second section of theoriginal bi:l, pay-
nig interest, and still made a legal tender for their
tace, which, I behove, have produced more finan-
cial disaster within the last six months than any
one thing that has occurred
The principal difference between the original
section and the substitute which Iproposeis that
the latter prohibits the further issue of any Treas-
ury notes made legal tender other than the non-
interest-bearingUoited States notes. The original
section authorizes the issue of $200,000,000 in
♦Treasury notes to run not exceeding three years
at seven and three tenths percent, interest, the in-
terest to be accumulated, or to be made payable
semi-annually, at the discretion of the Secretary
of the Treasury; and if the interest is accumu-
lated, then such notes to be legal tender at their
face for all purposes, except the redemption of
the currency of national banks. In effect, the
Secretary of the Treasury may further inflate the
currency b/fcaoo.ooo.ooo more of this mongrel
interest-bearing paper.
Now, the amendment I have proposed provides
in place of that the issue of bonds of any denom-
ination not less than §100, to run-three years, and
at a rate of interest not exceedingeight per cent.,
payable, principal and interest, in the paper cur-
rency of tiie country, to be issued in redemption
of the outstanding interest-beaiing Treasury notes,
and the other outstanding floating indebtedness of
the Government.
It also withdraws all authority from the Secre-
tary ofthe Treasury to issueor reissueany Treas-
ury notes made legal tender other than the Uni-
ted States notes; that is, it confines him. to the
"old original genuine Dr. To wnsend "greenbacks.
It authorizes further the substitution of these
bonds for other bonds authorized by other acts
and not yet issued, if, in the judgment of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, it shall be deemed advis-
able. It further provides that all outstanding
Treasury notes other than United States shall
cease to be a legal tender from and after the 1st day
of October next. The time is immaterial only that
some definite time be fixed. The substitute finally
provides that the entire amount of United States
notes issued or to be issued shall be limited to
$450,000,000. This latter provision is the same
as contained in the original section.
Now, Mr. Chairman, the success of the loan
authorized by the acts of February and July,
18(W, commonly known as the five-twenties,
which were six per cent, gold-interest-paying
bonds, was unprecedented-. The world has hardly
ever seen a popular loan thus-taken. When Con-
gress met in December last the Treasury was
being fully supplied, and so eagerly were the
bonus sought after that when the entire amount
of §500,000,000 had been taken, before the tele-
graph with lightning speed could bring the an-
nouncement home to the people that the loan was
exhausted, more than $10,000,000 additional had
accumulated in the various agencies authorized
to receive subscriptions, requiring subsequent ac-
tion by this Congiess to enable the Government
to furnish these additional bonds; and the condi-
tion of the Treasmy was so easy that you, Mr.
Chairman, will recollect that the Secretary of the
Ticnsury was enabled to advance money from
the Treasury to prevent a financial crisis in JNTew
York.
How is it now? 1 ask the question of gentle-
men around mo and of gentlemen upon the other
side of the House, for 1 am speaking of a matter
in which we have ali a common interest. How-
ever much wc may differ upon other subjects, I
take it that we ail agree upon one thing at least,
that the credit ofthe Government must be main-
tained. This Congress has been in session seven
months, and yet no tax bill has been sent to the
President for his signature; and duiing all that
time the receipts from taxation have been the
merest pittance of oui expenditures. This Con-
gress has been in session seven months, and yet
in that time no money to any amount lias been
leceived into the Treasury from permanent loan
except about $70,000,000 at par from t he ten-forty
five per cents.; and deficiencies have been largely
made up by the issue of these hybrid interest-
bearing legal-tender Treasury notes. This con-
dition of things has been well known to Congress.
The Secretary of the Treasury is not the party
to blame for it. He cannot collect taxes which
we have not authorized him to levy. We have
no right to ask him to make brick without straw.
The principal responsibility rests upon the i
shoulders of Congress by reason of the delay J
that has occurred m our legislation. For every >1
hour speech that has been made during this ses- -
sion the Government has lost 4],000,000. It is !i
this Congress that is-responsible. The Secre-
tary of the Treasury it but its agent. And if he
has not been properly conducting the finances of
the country, we have known from day to day,
and from week to week, and from month to
month how he has been conducting them; and it
was for us to bring him to account and to estab-
lish the policy on which the finances ofthe country
should be conducted.
Deceived by the great success of the popular
loan, the Secretary of the Treasury was in my'
opinion lured into a great mistake, but a mistake
which we might at any time have corrected. In-
stead of following on in the wake of that pros-
perous loan with another like it, an attempt was
made to reduce the rate of interest to five per cent ,
and the result has been that, money not beina: pro-
curable at five per cent., an issue of $150,000,000
additional of legal-tender currency has been made
necessary. And there being no taxation ade-
quate to sustain our large expenditures on which
to base the national credit, it is no wonder that
yesterday on the streets of New York it was
hard to tell whether gold was worth 210 on £50.
The people as well as the Government have rights
involved in this question. Commercial men, man-
ufacturers, all classes' of business men, stand
aghast at the presentation by us of such a con-
dition of our finances. Wc have been told, and
we have believed, that that was a successful
financial plan which was based upon taxation
sufficient to meet the ordinary expenses of the
Government, and to lay up a small sinking fund
to meet the accumulated debt. It is not so; we
cannot afford to issue bonds for a dollar of money
for which the Treasury docs not receive the value
of a dollar in gold; and for all gold values funded
into debt we can pay interest in gold. What
are we doing to-day? For every dollar repre*
sented m the twenty year six per cent. loan,
which has just been negotiated at a rate less than
one hundred and six per cent! in paper, we will
be paying, in the legal currency of the country,
an annual interest of twenty-four per cent. Call-
J*ng gold worth two to one of paper, we receive
fifty dollars in gold for every $100 borrowed in
paper. On that we are to pay six per cent, in
gold, which makes twelve per cent, on every
$100 in gold, or twenty-four per cent, in paper
currency. In other words, under the delusion of
cheap money we in fact borrowed at a shave of
fifty cents on the dollar of principal, and that at
twelve per ccnt. interest, or at the rate of twenty-
four per cent, in paper for every real dollar that
we now get.
Now, i ask, can the country live under such a
state of things? And I ask why is it? I say it
is because, while in theory we established gold
as a basis three years ago, we have departed from
it in practice. And so 1 now contcnd that unless
the theory thus established is to be followed up
in practice, the theory proposed by the distin-
guished chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means [Mr. Stevens] is unquestionably the pol-
icy ofthe United States; that is, now and atonce
to repudiate and discard all obligation to pay in-
terest and principal in coin, and to set afloat on
the vast ocean of paper money. The gold dol-
lar must be the standard of value, or there can be
none, and unless the amount of paper circulation
can be proximately fixed, and its value ascer-
tained by that standard, how can taxation be
graduated to meet the wants of the Government'
Unless the value of the thing in which the tax is
to be paid is reasonablyascertained, how can the
tax itself be adjusted ?
Mr. Chairman, it is still in our power, with the
exercise of only ordinary wisdom and ordinary
statesmanship, to carry ourselves back over the
financial misfortunes of the past seven months to
a safe and successful basis. But, Mr. Chairman,
in order to do it we must go in practice as well
as theory back to the gold basis which was then
established. I am myself for fighting the devil
with fire, for fighting gold with gold, and not with
paper, and for going back to a gold basis; 1 do
not mean a resumption of specie payment, but
that every dollar of funded debt shall represent a
goid equivalent received by the Government.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. POMEROY. I move to amend,proformcif
by striking out the last line. I insist, Mr. Chair-
man, that the present price of gold is not the re-
sult of speculation. It mayhavebeen aggravated
