1258
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 24,
ti\c House of Representatives had passed the joint
resolution of the Senate (No. 31) authorizing the
issue of a register to the steamer Mohawk, with
an amendment, in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate. *
The message further announced that the House
of Representatives had agreed to the amendment
of the Senate to the bill of the House (No. 341)
to carry into effect the convention with Ecuador
for the adjustment of claims.
The message further announced that the House
of Representatives had agreed to the report of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 34) mak-
ing appropriation for the support of the Military
Academy for the year ending June 30, 1865. „
The message also announced that the House of
Representatives had passed a bill (H. R. No. 30G)
to amend an act entitled "An act prescribing the
times and placcs for holding terms of the circuit
court for the districts of Iowa, Minnesota, and
Kansas," approved January 13,1863, in which it
requested the concunence of the Senate.
STSlAMEIt MOIIAWIC.
Mr. TEN EYCIi. I ask the Senate to take up
the joint resolution (S. No. 31) authorizing the
issue of a register to the steamer Mohawk, which
has just been icturned to us from the House of
Representatives with an amendment, with a view
of concurring m it.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the amendment of the House
of Representatives to the joint resolution, which
was to add at the end of the resolution the fol-
lowing:
Provided, That notlilns? herein contained elmll in any
wi^c afluet any loyal proceeding now ponding in regard to
the *.i!<l >-tcamei Mohawk.
The amendment was concurred in.
MILITARY ACADEMY AmtOLUUATION HILL.
Mr. HARRIS (during the progress of Mr.
Howard's speech) said: With the consent of the
Senator from Michigan, 1 present a report from a
committee of confei once.
The PRESIDING OFFICER,(Mr. Clark in
the chair.) It wdl be received by unanimous
consent.
The .Secretary read it, as follows:
The committee ofeoi'feience on the disagreeing votes of
the tw o IIuumj.s on the amendments to the inM (11. K. No.
34) tnaUii!!^ nppiopuatmn loi the Mippoit of tin- Miht.uy
Academy lot ihc yeai esnlintr June «i;), having met,
after (till and lice ooafeienee have n^ieed to locmnmemi,
and do H'coimncad, lo ihctr io^p''<Mivr Uouno follow-.:
That Ilr> II Mi-o of Ri'|>icsciitalivci jreede fiom then
amendment to the fouitli amendment of tlx* Senate, and
agiee to flic sv.me with liie joilmving amendment: Ptukc
out lines m.\, seven, eight, iun< , it ji, t }< \ en, t\\ clve, tlui-
tcen, and fointeen of >anl amendment; and that the Sen-
ate agree to said amendment to then luniih amendment.
W. 'J'. \\ it,hKY,
IRA I'AllltlS5
Managers on the jatt of the Senate,
H. K. KbivTOiY,
I1KNRY 'J1. 15LOW,
JAMKri R. MOHRI.S,
Managos on the pent of the llouse.
Mr. GRIMES. Let us hear an explanation of
that repoit.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to know
what those amendments were.
Mr. HARRIS. The efleet of this report is
simply to recede from the vote of the House of
lloprcMenlntn ine.reasing the number of appoint-
ments to West Point, leaving the law to stand n«
it is now. That id the only effect.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 will inquire of the Senator
what has becomcof the amendment proposed by
the Senator fiom New Hampshire?
Mr. HARK IS. That remains in the bill.
Mr. HOWE. 1 suppose it has been noticed
that I (Jul not concur in the repoit of tin; commit-
tee. I am not about to object to the adoption of
tile repoit by f he Senate, hut I think it due to 1113'
colleagues, and perhaps to myself, that 1 should
state 111 as v.' words ay I can tin: reasons why i
did not concur in that report.
TiiC Government of the United Slates is main-
taining a Military School at West Point ai a very
heavy cost. Tiic law provides to-day that the
number of pupifs to be instructed in that School
shall be Imhti'd to the number t>r congressional
district in 'In United Siaies, who !he addition of
ten t'j be selected at huge by tic President. It
gives the appointment of those cadcto to the Pirii-
ident of the United States, instructs inm to assign
the cadets to that School; but the law instructs
him to select those-cadets from the several con-
gressional districts.
Mr. 110WARD. I did not yield the floor with
the expectation of having a subject intervened
which was going to consume much time.
Mr. IIOWE. I was not aware that the^floor
had been yielded. I came into the Senate and
found this report before the Senate. I did not
expect it would come in this afternoon, and if it
did come in I did notexpectit would betakenup,
and especially I did not expect it would betaken
up until I was present. I found the question
pending here.
The PRESIDINGOFFICER. The report was
received by the unanimous consent of the Senate,
and is now before the body.
Mr. HARRIS. I did not suppose the matter
would elicit discussion. I supposed it was a mere
mattcrofform, and therefore asked to have it con-
sidered; but if the Senator from Wisconsin de-
sires to speak on the question, I am willing to
have it passed over for the present and let the Sen-
ator from Michigan go 011 with his remarks.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I move that this re-
port lie over until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
MILITARY INTHUFIiKENCE WITH ELECTIONS.
- Mr. FOOT. As there appears to be no other
morning business, I move that the Senate now
proceed to the consideration of the unfinished
business of yesterday.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
mean the unfinished business of the morning hour
or of the day ?
Mr. FOOT. The unfinished business of the
day 011 which the Senator from Michigan was ad-
diessing the'Senate.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
ciation of (he bill (S. No. 37) to prevent ofliceis
of the Army and Navy, and other persons in the
mililmy and naval service of the United States,
from intcifcring in elections in the States.
Mr. HOWARD resumed and concluded his
speech. [It will be published in the Appendix.]
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I move
that the Senate now proceed to the consideration
of the joint resolution for the amendment of the
Consiitution.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clauk in
the chair.) It is moved by the Senator from Illi-
nois that the Senate now proceed to the consid-
eration of the joint resolution indicated by lnm.
Mr. SAULSBUIIY. Upon that motion lhave
but a woul to say. I think after the speech made
by the Senator 1'iom Michigan, and his allusions
to other States of the Union than that which he
lepiesenls himself, it is proper that this debate
should proceed. I should have no objection, how-
ever, to the motion of the Senator from Illinois if
1 knew that at an eaily day next week, say Mon-
day or Tuesday, we could be allowed to resume
the consideration of the bill now before the Senate.
But, sir, coming from that " great and mighty"
St,Ue" of Delawtiie, to which the Senator from
Michigan has alluded, a State which was a St£Ue
when the terutory that he represents here was a
waste, howling wilderness, and whose early cit-
izens helped to finme and fashion and mold the
institutions of the Government under which wo
liv c and (hi ough whose action 111 part he has been
permitted to make the speech that lie has deliv-
eied here to-day, it is proper that we should have
an opportunity to icpiy to those remarks; and if
110 other Senator, the action of whose State has
been called in question, shall desire to proceed to
addiess the Senate this afternoon, 1 will take upon
myself to lepiy to the assaults which that Senator
made both 111 his lcport, and m bis speech upon
the "great and mighty" State of Delaware.
These remarks perhaps are not pertinent to the
question now before the S"nnt". The question
is whether the Senate will pioceed to the consid-
eration of another matter. 1 trust they will not
unless there can be a distinct understanding that,
at the furthest during the early part of next week,
I; we may have an opportunity to resume the con-
;j sideiatum of this suoject.
i| Mr. TRUMBULL'. I should like to inquire
■l of the Senator fioin DeLwaie whether he is pre-
;! pai ( d to go on now and desires to proceed now.
1 lur. SAULSEURY. I caio nothing about
preparation; I have no preparation to make. I
am perfectly willing to let this bill go over to next
week or to proceed now; but I do not want this
matter to be postponed so that we cannot bring it
up again. [" Go on now."]
Mr. TRUMBULL. The inquiry I addressed
to the Senator was not in regard to preparation.
1 wished to know whether he was ready to pro-
ceed this afternoon with the discussion of the
matter now under consideration.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Yes,sir. I-willgoon now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator desires to
proceed now at once I will withdraw my motion,
and he can proceed.
Mr. SAULSBURY. If the Senator withdraws
his motion 1 will proceed at once.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Very well.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
is withdrawn. The Senator from Delaware is
entitled to the floor.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, I congrat-
ulate my friend, the Senator from Kentucky,
upon the success which has so far attended his
efforts to institute an inquiry into the proceedings
of this Administration, into the enormities prac-
ticed by them upon the rights of the States and
the people of the States in respect to their elec-
tions. It will be remembered that during the last
session of the Senate I made several ineffectual
attempts to bring this matter to the consideration
of the Senate. 1 offered a resolution, coming im-
mediately from my people who had suffered from
this interposition of Federal power, calling upon
the Secretary of War to know whether the inter-
ference that had taken place with the freedom'of
elections in my State had been by his authority
or by the authority of the Federal Government.
The Senate by a party vote refused to make that
inquiry; and every attempt that was made during
the last session was uniformly voted down by the
party in power in this Chamber. My friend, the
Senator from Kentucky, however, has been more
successful at the present session, so far at least
as to be allowed to introduce this bill, to have it
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and then to have it taken up for consideration by
the body. This is one step in the right direction.
I therefoie congratulate my friend that he has
been more successful than I was at the last ses-
sion of the Senate.
Ought this bill to be passed by the Senate?
That is the question. It depends upon several
considerations. First, is there any necessity for
its passage ? If so, what is that necessity ? The
Senator from Michigan has told us that it ought
not to be done; and one of the reasons which he
has assigned why it should not be done is the fact
thc.t it has never been done during the previous
history of the country, and that 110 application
has heietofore ever been made to the Congress of
the United States for the enactmentof such alaw
as this. He has told us that we passed through
the war of the Revolution, and no such enact-
ment as this ever was asked for; that we passed
successfully through the war of 1812, and that the
Congress of the United States was not called upon
to enact a bill of this character. He might have
added that we passed successfully through the
war with Mexico, and there was no necessity for
such an enactment. *
Did it not occur to the Senator that there was
a very good reason duiing those wais why the
Congress of the Uniled States should not pass a
bill of this character? Could he not perceive the
reason why the people of the United States did
not then ask for the passage of such a measure
as this? The reason, sir, was that the men who
lived in those days saw nothing in the history of
the times, nothing in the action of political par-
ties, nothing in the vast snides of Federal power,
to call upon them to enact such a measure as tins.
Durnig the war of 1812, 111 the times in which
the Senator has said there was such imbittered
partisan feeling, wise men, great men, giants—
political giants—controiledaud shaped the policy
of this country and guided the ship of State amid
that storm. We had not then, sir, political pig-
mies perched on Alps, the laughing-stock of the
universe. We had men at the head of affairs who
had laid the deep foundations of this Government
in constitutional liberty. We had men at the
head of affairs who had helped to ftnme that Con-
stitution against the violations of which we now
complain. The fathers lived then; and' while they
