2234
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 11,
the assumption that the Union shall never be re-
stored. Like nearly every proposition of a polit-
ical character which has been submitted by the
majority to Congress at this session, it is based
upon an assumption that the Union ought not to
be, will not be, and shall not be, restoied; that
the southern people shall never again live under
a Government with us centered in Washington
city. This is palpable. If this Union is to be
restored under the Constitution of the United
States, every one of the States in which these
confiscated lands lie wilt come back into that
Union with all its territorial integrity and with all
the rights it has heretofore maintained. If we
are to have an American Union again, we must
have a Union in which each State stands in the
same position, no one State possessing any more
right and interest in the administration of the
Government than the other, each reserving to
itself the full exercise of all rights where not oii-
ginally delegated to the Federal Government.
That reservation implies exclusive control and
jurisdiction over all domestic questions, and that
of course includes not only slavery, but it in-
cludes the rights of property in lands held by
private owners. And yet, by the passage of this
act, and by your confiscation measure, you forci-
bly and violently seize those lands and part with
them to individuals. Of course, you will have
to give them up again or pay for them, or else
you cannot restore the Union. You have got to
do one of two things: either you must restore
private property or, under the Constitution, give
" just compensation for it." If not, you disre-
gard the Constitution and the existence of the
Federal Union. That isthealternative. Youdo
not propose to give the property of the States,
but the property of the people in rebellion, as a
punishment for treason. Some of the southern
people are as good and true Union men as any
who live at the North. You propose indisriim-
inately and irrespectively, whether there be trea-
son or attainder of treason, or not, to lay your
hands violently upon this private property and to
give it away. When you assume that you have
the light to give it away, you assume that the
Union is forever gone and that you hold these
lands by conquest.
Mr. Speaker, I would take no step tending to
the creation of one obstacle, however slight, m
the way of a restoration of the Union. 1 have
never done so—1 never shall do so. I have never
uttered one word, nor will I, so help me God,
tending to prevent reunion if it is possible. I am
willing to make any sacrifice to aid in blingiiig
back the American people, JNToith and South, to
a full realization of the terrible destruction which
they are bunging on theirown unfortunate heads.
I am one of those who yet hope almost m fear
against hope for trituration; and by no vote of
mine in this House shall I, in any way, dnectly
or indirectly,give countenance to the assumption
conveyed in this bill. In no way can 1 give
countenance to this disunion heiesy by, in ad-
vance of the settlement of the question, disposing
of the lands and of the rights and interests of in-
dependent communities who, in my judgment,
have a right to return to the Union, and whom,
under our Constitution, we have no light to ex-
clude. On the veiy slight examination which 1
have made of the hill, these defects appeared so
palpable that I have, in this manner, endea\oi(d
to state them W the House. I repeat in coiicIum'oii
that in my judgment the bill is objectionable, be-
cause it proposes to give what we have not got to
give, and to which we can have no valid title in
fee under the Constitution; that under the pre-
text of benefiting the soldiers we are really doing
by this bill nothing of the kind.
Again, it says in substance that " we will kill
or seize the masters, and give then' estates to their
slaves." That, in my opinion, is a very grave
objection. Another objection is that if it beiight
to give homesteads to soldiers and sailors they
should be given from the public domain.
Again, it is the black laborer and not the white
soldier that excites the philanthropic concern of
its framers.
Finally, my objection to it is that it is based
upon the assumption that the Union cannot and
shall not be restored; that that is a thing of the
past; that the privileges and the obligations of the
Constitution have been withdrawn from those
States. Whctherwe design itor not we are mak-
I ing a decision to the effect that the penalty of re-
I bellion is the subversion of all theirrights and lib-
) ertiesasStates; the rightof governingthemselves;
| the right of ownership to their lands, and their
I reduction to a condition below that of a depend-
ent people in an ordinary Territory. We are de-
ciding by this bill that the people of the South
have committed a crime which entitles us, not only
to take away any government they may now
have, but to substitute in lieu of it just such a
government as we may in our judgment think
proper to establish. For these and other reasons
stated, Mr. Speaker, thus briefly and imperfectly
expressed,! shall vote against the bill under con-
sideration.
Mr. SLOAN. Mr. Speaker, I think it is true,
as stated by the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Fernando Wood,} that this bill has not received
as much attention as its importance deserves. But
I think it is not true, as the gentleman further
stated, that the principles involved in it have not
been considered as fully and deliberately as they
ought to be considered before action is taken. In
my view, the only principles involved in the bill
now before the House have been definitely set-
tled by the action of this body after the fullest
consideration, and after the most mature deliber-
ation.
This bill, Mr. Speaker, is the legitimate result,
the natural consequence of two measures of very
great impoitance which have passed into laws by
the action of Congress, after an extended discus-
sion of each. I mean the act confiscating the
property of rebels and the act granting free home-
steads on the public domain to all who will settle
upon and cultivate them.
This bill is the legitimate consequence of the
principles embodied in those measures. The gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Fernando Wood]
assumed in the remarks he has made that the
only way in which we are to acquire the lands
on which this bill operates is under the confisca-
| tion act. J!ut if he had lead the bill carefully he
would have seen that these lands are to be ac-
quired,and are runstanlly being acquired, under
the act for the collection of direct taxes in insur-
rectionary districts, and under the act to provide
internal revenue to suppoU the Government, as
well as under the confiscation act.
If these acts aie enforced, as we are already
enforcing them, we shall acquire a large amount
of landed properly, the title to which will be in
; this Government; nnd thijbill simply proposes
| that the lands thus acquired shall be treated as a
part of the public domain to be disposed of in
accordance with the wise policy winch Congress
has already deteimined to apply to the disposi-
tion of our public lands by allotmg them as home-
steads to those who are willing to cultivate them,
with the exception that in the disposition of the
lands acquired ander the acts which I have named
preference is to be given to those patriotic men
who hove pcifoinied iiiilitiiry iiiid naval service
for the country in this terrible struggle for na-
tional existence.
The first objection which the gentleman from
New York makes to the bill is that it gives our
soldiers and sailois the right to occupy the land
;i thus aequiied as homesteads. He is not willing
I to extend to tliem th's pnvilege. Yet he claims,
i as all the members on that side of the House
l! claim, to be the especial friend of our soldiers in
; the field. He says that the members on that side
have been wilhngand anxious to pay the soldiers
! in gold, and that they have also been desirous of
j increasing their pay.
i Am I right in supposing that the motive which
j prompted the attempt on that side of the House
I to have our soldiers paid in gold was, that such
j a measure might be the means of enibanashing
j the Government m carrying on the war' They
:! undeistand that another currency and another
!| standard of value have been established and are
j now in use in this country. If it would not be
|! impossible to carry out the measure of paying
;! our ainiies in gold, it would certainly entail great
! financial embarrassment, and perhaps financial
|| ruin upon the Government to compel it to pay in
!l gold the vast sums of money which we appropri-
| ale for the payment of our officers and soldiers.
' Is that the motive which animates the gentleman
n from New \orlc? Is that the motive which ani-
') mates the members on the other side of the House.'
!i Aie these the objects which they seek to accom-
plish in pressing the proposition as they have
done,thatour armies shall be paid in gold ? What
other motive, what other object, can they possi-
bly have? But, sir, they are not only willing to
pay the soldiers in gold, but they are willing to
very largely increase their pay. The proposition
which comes from that side is to increase it far
more than was provided for in the bill which was
reported on this side of the House and has be-
come a law.
The sincerity of the gentleman from New York
and his political associates is shown in the fact
that while they have been proposing to pay the
soldiers in gold and to increase their pay so large-
ly, they have voted against the taxation necessary
to put the Govern men tin possession of the money
to pay them at all. If the gentleman was in his
seat and voted on the tax bill his vote will, un-
doubtedly, be found recorded in the negative. By
what process of reasoning can such inconsistencies
be reconciled ? Gentlemen on the other side rise
in their places and with many professions of
friendship for and support of our soldiers strenu-
ously advocate an increase of their wages, but
when it is proposed to lay the taxation necessary
to pay even the wages they are now receiving, and
which is absolutely necessary to the continued ex-
istence of the Government and sustain it in its
efforts to crush this rebellion, many of these same
gentlemen are found voting against it. And now
when we come in with a measuie of simple jus-
lice to our soldiers fully within the power of the
Government to giant, when they know that large
amounts of lands in the States in rebellion are
being acquired under the confiscation act, the act
for the collection of taxes in insurrectionary dis-
tricts and under the internal revenue law, and it
is proposed on this side of the House as an act of
justice to give homesteads upon them to the sol-
diers who have periled their 1 ives in defendmgthe
country, who have saved the Government, and by
whose valor these lands have been acquired, and
will be held and occupied, we find the gentleman
from New York and his associates upon that side
of the House opposing it. There is no doubt that
they will vote against this bill, notwithstanding
all their professions of regard and friendship for
our soldiers. And yet, sir, it is a practical meas-
ure of the highest justice, which may be extended
to them without in any degree weakening or im-
pairing the resources of the country.
But the gentleman states that it is impossible
for us to acquiie title to lands under the operation
of the confiscation act, because that act is uncon-
stitutional, and cannot be enforced. Itis'toolate
to discuss that question. Congress has settled,
so fiir as its deliberations are concerned, the right
to confiscate the lands of rebels. Under the am-
nesty proclamation this confiscation operates only
upon the property of those who persist m their
treason, and refuse to lay down their arms. Does
the gentleman from New York feel any tender-
ness for that class of rebels? Does he desire to
preserve and restore the property of those who
refuse to desist from imbruing their hands in the
blood of our people? All who are engaged in
war against the Government can avert the confis-
cation of their lands, under the amnesty procla-
mation of the President, by laying down their
arms and availing themselves of its provisions.
It is only those who persist in treason that this
act will liijiiieand punish. This House has set-
| tied the principle of confiscation, and it is too
j hue for the gentleman from New York, or any
other gentleman, to urge its unconstitutionality,
or that it should not bo enforced. The loyal peo-
ple of this country are satisfied of its constitu-
tionality, and demand that it shall be fully en-
forced.
Rut the gentleman sees another objection, and
it seeins to be the paramount objection in his
mind to this bill, and that is that it allows the
blacks, or, as he denominates them, "the nig-
gers," to participate in its benefits. To those
blacks who have been enrolled m our armies, to
those who have stood with the soldiers of our
own color in the deadly storm of battle, to those
who have periled their lives for the salvation of
the country, the gentleman insists upon denying
those rights which we grant to the other soldiers
of the Union armies.
j What is the motive for this continued and bit-
! ter hostility toward the blacks? Is the fear
I which animates the gentleman from New Yoik,
