1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
House to Dr. Lieber's volume. He may not bev
good authority for my friend from Pennsylvania,
' [Mr. Kelley,J who has, however, informed the
House that he is in communication with him,
though he told the House the other day that he
pieferredhisown instincts to Dr. Lieber's reason.
He argued the other day that'he would rather
trust his own instincts of liberty than the author-
ity of the war codifier. We have had too much
legislation "upon instinct." I think at the time
Dr. Lieber wrote the volume from which I was
about to quote that he was looking at the spirit
of the law with that large roundabout common-
sense view which a student of Montesquieu might
wed take; and with that enlarged observation he
tells us:
"The true protection of individual property demand4?
likewise the exclusion of confiscation. For although con-
fiscation, as a punishment, is to be rejected on account of
the undefined character ot the puni.-hment, depending not
upon itself, buf upon the fact whether the punished person
has any property and how much, it is likewise inadmissi-
ble 011 the around that individual property implies individ-
ual transmission, which confiscation totally destroys. Jt
would porhaps not be wholly unjust to deprive an individ-
ual of his propettv, as a punishment for certain crimes,!/
we would alio -o it to pass to his heirs. We do it in fact when
wo imprison a man for fife, and submit him to the regular
prison discipline, disallowing him any benefit of the prop-
erty he may possess; but it is unjust to deprive Ms children
or other heirs of the individual property, not to *pcah of ike
appetizing ejfcct which confiscation of properly has often pro-
duced upon Governments. w
"The English attainder and corruption of* blood, so far
as it afFects piopeity, is hostile to this great principle of the
utmost protection of individual proputy, and has come
down to the present times from a period of semi-commu-
nism, when the Kins* was eon*ideied the primary owner
of ah land- Corruption of blood is distinctly abolished by
oui Constitution."—Dr. Lieber on Civil Liberty, vol. 1, n.
123.
"What does the learned publicist mean by the
"appetizing effect of confiscation upon Govern-
ments?" Did his prescient mind take in the adju-
dications of Judge Underwood? Did he look for-
ward to the auction at Alexandria ? Did he see
town lots and Arlington heights under the ham-
mer? And did he see how little enthusiasm life
estates produced, and whatan appotizirfgcffect the
fee simple would'have produced ? Has the learned
doctorstruck, in hiscomprehensive reasoning, the
motive for this b111^? I charge that the object of
this bill \s to make a case in the courts, if possi-
ble, whereby some judge like Underwood, by a
corrupt, unjust, and dishonest decision, may over-
turn the organic law to give a quasi absolute title,
and thus place the burden on the heirs hereafter
of contesting for their rights, and, by harassing
and oppressing the innocent and helpless, gain
that possession which proverbially is nine points
of the taw in favorof its continuance. It may well
be asked by a considerate legislator, how long
will the innocent heirs remain out of their prop-
erty if they must sue and await the decision of
the question in the courts ? Shall it be until they
attain their majority, or when ? After the prop-
erty has been once taken, there will, I fear, be
but little remedy in the courts, for the judiciary
itself may be the next department to cower be-
fore the behests of power and the " military
necessity" of the hour.
Mr. Speaker, I am opposed to this bill, because
I have gleaned fiom history a profound distrust
of all such measures as that of confiscation fcs a
means of restoring allegiance and order. It is the
system of revenge. ^ It is hate cnacted into law.
It will not and it cannot come to good. It is un-
christian. Indeed, any system which does not
restore good will and kindness between the two
sections, and especially if it robs the coming gen-
eration, will only tend to perpetuate with the
children the hate which we might hope would
evanish "with time. Such a system is the very
Wantonness and excess of tyranny. It always has
in it a self-punishing and coriective power. It
carries a Nemesis with it as inexorable as fate.
The history of Poland, Venctia, and Ireland
should make us pause. Do we indeed desire to
restore our Union? Do we desire to keep our
plight to the Constitution? Dcwwc crave in our
hearts the return of that happier time when our
public order reposed securely in the hearts of the
people and m reverence for the Constitution ? 1 f we
do. let us rather repeal our lot uicr haish and vin-
d.ctive legislation and not enact other and harsher
penalties; and if wai must needsgo on, if blood,
blood, blood must still flow, and force must still
be used against those who were once our brethren
in the same nationality, then let us add to that I
force at every moment of decided success to our
arms, at every pause in the dread conflict, the
benignant policy of conciliation.
Mr. KELLEY. Will the gentleman from Ohio
permit me to ask him the reference of his quotation
from Dr. Lieber?
Mr. COX. I will give it to the gentlemarr.
Mr. KELLEY. I do not know whether his
quotation is a correct one, for the doctor has pro-
tested that the gentleman has always misquoted
him,and charged him with entertaining opinions
the reverse of what his opinions really are.
Mr. COX. The gentleman from Pennsylvania,
when lie says I have misquoted Dr. Lieber, can-
not be correct, for I have not pretended to quote
him until to-day. I said the other day that he
was opposed to the unrepublican scheme of con-
scription. I have the authority, and I will pro-
duce if at the proper time.
Mr. KELLEY. If the'gentleman will permit
me I would like to have the doctor himself speak
upon this subject. I hold in my hand a note from
the doctor, of the date of December 6, 1863.
Mr. COX. The gentleman from Pennsylvania
is not quite us logical as 1 could wish. I do not
propose now to discuss the consciiption bill. I
will pay my respects hereafter to the gentleman
on that subject.
Mr. KELLEY. I would rather the question
be between the gentleman from Ohio and the gen-
tleman he quotes as authority than between the
gcntlemnn and myself,
Mr. COX. I should feel it a much greater
honor if it were so. [Laughter.]
I was about to conclude by o*nc general ob-
servation. The members upon this side of the
House have not made,and do not intend to make,
any factious opposition to this Administration.
We intend to sustain it to the fullest extent of our
ability in every legal way which it may mark out
—in every way possible by which we can restore
the old order of things in this country. Our views
do not always agree with your views as to the
best mode of restoring the Union and preserving
the Constitution. If we could but agree upon one
object—the rehabilitation of the States, with all
their rights, dignity, and equality unimpaired—
though our views may be diverse as to the means
to attain that object, this Congress might carve
out a historic fame as the restorer of that consti-
tutional freedom which the last Congress did so
much to destioy. Upon this side we will sustain
any measure to put down rebellion which is war-
ranted by the Constitution. But we will never
lay sacrilegious hands upon that ark of our cove-
nant. "YVe constitute the constitutional opposi-
tion to this Administration. Wo have no oppo-
sition except it be inspired by that instrument,
lis written grants of power, its limitations, and,
especially in these times, its reserved powers,
furnish the enginery of our antagonism. Draw-
ing from this source, we fear no criticism. We
defy all aspersions. Come evil or good repoit,
we will labor—it may be in vain—to protect that
instrument against any such breaches as thatpro-
posed by this bill-arid legislation of like character.
Since 1 have been a member of this House I have
laboied, without rest, to make up in vigilance and
study what I lacked in years and experience, tliat
I might perform my whole duty to my constitu-
ents, and with one object ever uppermost in my
mind—the object which Daniel Webster held to
be first with a free people—the preservation of
their liberty by maintaining constitutional re-
straints and just divisions of power.
Mr. ORTlI. Before the gentleman from Ohio
takes his seat, I would like to ask him one or two
questions, ami i have no doubt he will answer
them without hesitation. My first question is,
whether he is in favor of punishing the traitors
who have been guilty of bringing on this rebel-
lion ?
Mr. COX. Yes, sir. I am in favor of pun-
ishing traitors according to the Constitution, by
trial, by conviction, and byalfthe modes pointed
out for the punishment of treason.
Mr. ORTH. I have no doubt of that. My
next question is, whether he is in favor of punish-
ing tiaitors by the death penalty?
Mr. COX. Yes, sir; and almost every day I
have been voting money and men to inflict that
penalty.
Mr. ORTH. I would ask him whether taking
from innocent children the life of the father who
sustains them is not visiting *the sins of the pa-
rent on the children ?
Mr. COX. Yes, sir; that is one of the inci-
dents which, perhaps, might have once been
avoided, but which we cannot now avoid, but for
which I am not responsible. *
Now, I wish to ask the gentleman whether he*
is in favor of punishing innocent persons for the
guilt of their parents?
Mr. ORTH. No,bv. -
^Mr. COX. Well, sir, tlien you must be against
Mr. ORTH. t contend that we putiis'h those*
who are guilty during their lifetimes.
Mr. COX. I would be very glad to.welcome
the gentleman within the pale of humanity.
Mr. GARFIELD. I gSto ask my colleague
a question, not with an^^Hious purpose, nor
with any design to prevent a calm discussion of
so_ important a question as this. I am sorry that
this discussion has assumed a somewhat partisan
character. It ought not to have tliat character
at all, and so far as I am concerned it shall not.
I wish to ask my colleague a practical rather than
a legal question. I wish to know whether th-e
objection he raises to this bill is not itself obnox-
ious to this objection: we punish men for civil and
for criminal offenses, great and small, in all the
higher and lower courtsof the country by taking
their property from them, so that their children
can never have the benefit of it after the parent's
death. Now, while we do this constantly in our
courts, by civil and criminal process, does not
my colleague propose to make no exception in
favor of the cume of treason? Why should not
the children of traitors suffer the same kind ofloss
and inconvenience as the children of thieves and
of other felons do ? I ask the gentleman whether
his position docs not involve this great absurdity
and injustice?
Mr. COX. I will say to my colleague that, as
he knows very well, in criminal procedures we
do not at once by execution reach the real estate.
But my colleague cannot withdraw me from my
constitutional position as to this bill. All I pro-
pose to do in opposingthis bill is to stand by the
Constitution, and to stand by it all the time, re-
gardless of consequences; and I will ask my dis-
tinguished colleague how he reads that clause of
the Constitution under debate. Does he believe
in the construction which has been given to it by
the gentleman from Indiana? [Mr. Ortii.] Does
he believe that he can constitutionally take a trai-
tor's properly forever, or only during his life ?
Does he rend the Constitution in opposition to
Judge Story and to Judge Curtis? Would bo
set aside the construction given to it by the law
of 1790? Or would he, date he, with his oath
upon him, now break the Constitution by voting
for this measure, in order to get absolute title to
the lands of those' in revolt? Would he, to ag-
gravate the punishment of the traitor, or to pun-
ish the innocent childien of the rebels, break the
Constitution ?
Mr. GARFIELD. I would not break the Con-
stitution for any such purpose.
Mr. COX. lam very glad to hear that.
Mr. GARFIELD. I would not break the Con-
stitution at all unless it should become necessary
to overleap its barriers to save the Government
and the Union. But I do not see that in this bill
we do break the Constitution. If the gentleman
can show me that it violates the Constitution, I
will vote against it with him, even though every
member of my party votes for it; that makes no
difference to me. I will say,however, that I hod
supposed that the intention of that clause of the
Constitution was to prevent the punishment of
treason when an individual was declared guilty of
it after his death. I had supposed that that was
the purpose of it, and if so, it seems to me that
this bill is not obnoxious to the objection which
the gentleman raises to it.
Mr. COX. If the gentleman will examine that
other clause of the Constitution which I pointed
out, he will find, as Judge Story found, tliat it
provided for the outrage of trial and punishing
treason after the death of the person, by prohibiting
all bills of attainder. The other clause of the Con-
stitution is so exceedingly plain that the wayfaring
man—even Mr. Lincoln himself—did not err in
construing it.
Mr. DAVIS,of Maryland. Mr. Speaker, with
whatever pleasure the gentlemen upon this side
