1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
and prompts him to oppose this bill the same as
that which we have heard so often expressed up-
on that side of the House, that this is a step to-
ward negro equality, toward raising the negroes
up to a level with, or making them superior to,
the white race in this country?
Prompted by the worst and meanest passions
that corrode the human heart, avarice and the de-
sire to domineer and tyrannize over fellow-men,
the negro was brought by fraud and force and
planted in this country. We have oppressed
them here for upwards of two hundred years; they
have been ground down under the heel of oppres-
sion; they have been held in bondage, in abject
slavery; have been treated as brutes, bought and
sold and worked like cattle in our markets and
fields; all means of instruction and mental culture
have been denied them; they have had absolutely
none of the means of advancement and elevation
extended to them which have been found neces-
sary to civilize and elevate the white races. And
yet gentlemen rise i  their places here pretending
to speak for the white race which has had all the
means of progress and advancement which have
been denied to the black, and insist that no meas-
ure of justice, that no act whatever which shows
any favor to that downtrodden race shall bo ex-
tended to them, because there is danger that they
may become equal or superior to the white race.
It is an argument which no white man who pos-
sesses any sense of self-respect should or could
use.
But, sir,* I do not desire to detain the House
long, and I hurry rapidly over these points. The
gentleman from New York further said that the
strongest objection in his mind to the passage of
this law was that it would prevent forever the
restoration of the Union. I deny it. I say it is
but a step in a series of measures adopted by Con-
gress calculated to restore the Union in its highest
and best sense, by eliminating from it all that is
evil and preserving all that is good; by destroy-
ing what is in antagonism to the principles upon
which our institutions and upon which the Gov-
ernment and the Union are founded; by making
the whole country free; by setting at liberty the
oppressed and despised black race, and giving
them some sort of a chance in this country.
The delusive scheme of attempting to export
and colonize four million people has proved, as
was to be expected,an ignominious failure. The
blacks are here, and must remain here. The
great majority of the loyal people of the country
are already convinced, and the minority are fast
adopting the same conclusion, that the only
means by which we can restore the Union upon
a foundation of lasting peace is to destroy sla-
very, and the only way to destroy it beyond the
chance of resurrection is to recognize at least the
simple natural right of the blacks to own prop-
erty, and to enjoy the product of their own labor.
If they have been endowed by their Creator with
qualities of mind equal to those of the white race,
if they were designed by the Almighty, who cre-
ated the black as well as the white race, to occupy
a position equal with the white race, why should
we deny it to them; why should we notgivo them
some right, some justice, some chance for im-
provement and elevation? The blacks came to
us naked and ignorant; long years of oppression
and slavery have stripped them of every natural
and political right. Yet they come with loyal
hearts and strong arms, and stand by the side of
our own soldiers in bearing up our national flag
in the deadly shock of battle. For this we give
them freedom, for aiding us in preserving our in-
stitutions and preservingour Government. This,
with other measures which we have adopted, pro-
poses to give to those who survive the dreadful
conflict of battle, and escape after the battle is over
massacre at the hands of brutal fiends who arc
making war on the Government, the means to
live by their own industry; and if they have any
capacity for improvement it will also give them
the opportunity for advancement. To this gen-
tlemen on the other side of the House are op-
posed. I do not envy them the position which
they occupy.
This bill in my judgment is an important one
in its provisions and in its effects. As the dis-
tinguished and able chairman of the Committee
on Public Lands who drew and reported it has
shown, we shall acquire large amounts of lands
throughout the seceded States, and they will be
the lands of those who have gone the furthest
in upholding this rebellion. By dividing these
lands up and allowing thesoldiers who have served
in the Union armies to occupy them, we shall in-
troduce into the refbel slave States what we who
live in free States believe to be a higher and bet-
ter civilization. Our own population will be com-
mingled with such of the people of the southern
States as renew their allegiance to the national
Government. They will carry there our school-
houses, our churches, our agricultural, mechan-
ical, and manufacturing enterprise, and harmony
of feeling and community of thought and senti-
ment and interest will be the result of it. Those
men who persist in their treason to the end will
justly have forfeited the right to their property as
they have justly forfeited their lives. They have
set the example of a more groundless, red-handed,
accursed rebellion than history records. I trust
that we shall set the example of so punishing it
that history will never record that it has been re-
peated.
I believe there is a settled determination on the
part of this House as there is a settled determin-
ation in the country, that some punishment shall
overtake those traitors who persist in their crime
and in their attempt to overthrow this Govern-
ment. Such punishment is necessary for the es-
tablishment of a permanent peace; lenity toward
them is cruelty to our own loyal and patriotic
people. The argument of the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Fernando Wood,] is founded
upon the idea that treason is no crime; that
whatever is taken from the rebels is to bo restored
to them. Sir, any man who believes this does
not understand the character or temper of the
American people. While they have been patient,
self-sacrificing, and cnduiing m their efforts to put
down this rebellion they will be equally steadfast
and determined in their demand that all these
measures which Congress and the Government
have adopted for the punishment of treason and
the establishment of peace upon a firm and last-
ing basis shall be executed with a stern and un-
faltering purpose.
Mr. JULIAN obtained the floor.
DISCHARGE OF UNEMPLOYED GENERALS.
The morning hour having expired, the House
resumed, as a special order, the consideration*of
joint resolution of the House No. 40, to drop
from the rolls of the Army unemployed general
officers.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not propose to speak
at any length in closing the debate upon this reso-
lution. When it was last before the House my
colleague [Mr. Ashley] had the floor. He is not
now present, and unless some other gentleman
desires to be heard I propose to move the pre-
vious question.
The SPEAKER. There are several amend-
ments pending.
Mr. SCHENCK. I was not aware of that, but
I am reminded by that statement to ask leave to
modify the resolution before any vote is taken
upon it by striking out "April" and inserting
"July" in the fifth line.
ThcSPEAKEIt. Thegentlcman mustdo that
before he moves the previous question.
Mr. KERNAN. Was there not a substitute
offcied for the joint resolution and also an amend-
ment?
The SPEAKER. Yes. The gentleman from
New York himself offered a substitute for the en-
tire resolution, and the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Cox] moved to add a proviso at the end of the
original resolution. The vote will first be taken
on the motion of the gentleman from Ohio which
was designed to perfect the original resolution,
and then upon the substitute.
Mr. SCHENCK. Before demanding the pre-
vious question I desire, on behalf of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, to modify the joint
resolution by substituting July for April. The
time is already past when it was proposed that
this resolution should take effect.
The joint resolution was modified accordingly.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now demand the previous
question.
Mr. KERNAN. I would ask the gentleman
if it is true, as I have been informed, that some of
these officers have been dismissed since this meas-
ure has been reported.
Mr. SCHENCK. I think that one or two have
been mustered out ofthe service,and that a nhm-
ber of others have been employed. ' '
Mr. KERNAN. Does not the gentleman thirik
that we had better postpone, this matter arid let
the President take the proper action ?' '
Mr. SCHENCK. No, sir. I-prefer that we
should pass this resolution, in order that we may
insure proper action. '
Mr. KERNAN. You do not think the ot&er
would answer?
Mr. SCHENCK. I think this would b.e the
better course.
Mr. KERNAN. The gentleman is a.wave that
this measure has become old.
Mr. SCHENCK. I think the mere pendency
of this joint resolution has done good, and that
its passage will do more.
Mr. KERNAN. My substitute merely pro-
poses—and that is the only difference between it
and the original measure—that instead of the of-
ficers mentioned being dropped they shall ap-
pear before a board of officers to be appointed by
the President, and that, if found incompetent,
they shall be dropped; and if found competent
they shall not be dropped. Thatis the only dif-
ference. 1 believe I copied the original resolu-
tion in all respects but that.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman will havea
vote upon his substitute.
Mr. KERNAN. Before the vote is taken I
will modify the substitute as the gentleman has
modified the original resolution, by substituting
July for April.
Mr, SCHENCK. I now demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, as chairman
of the committee which reported this joint reso-
lution, I propose to make a few remarks, and to
call the attention of the House to the circum-
stances under which the subject of it came up for
consideration. At the time this Congress assem-
bled it was generally understood throughout the
country that a large number of officers of high
grade in the Army to whom, oi^that account, per-
haps, attention was more particularly, directed,
had, either on their own request or without appli-
cation, been relieved from duty, and were then
altogether unemployed or only employed in du-
ties of minor character, more appropriate to offi-
cers of inferior rank. It was a subject of com-
ment in the newspapers; it was the occasion of
remark everywhere; and members of Congress,
in speaking here, very naturally shared in that
common disposition to comment on such a con-
dition of things.
As a consequence, very soon after the session
began a gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farns-
■wortii] called the attention of the House to this
particular subject by the introduction of a reso-
lution, which 1 shall send to the Clerk's desk to
be read. The resolution was introduced on the
14th of December, 1863.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Jn the House of Representatives,
United States, December 13, 1664.
On motion of Mr. Faknsworth,
Resolved, Thar, the Secretary of War be direetedto in-
form Ui is House ofthe names, number, pay, and emoluments
of major g< nerahs and brigadier geneials of volunteers, and
of tfie regular Army, and their staffs respectively, not on
duty, and the length of time which has elapsed &mce each
of them has been relieved fiom duty, arill which of thf-m,
and how many, are not now on duty m consequence ol'
wounds or disability incurred in the service.
Mr. SCHENCK. In answer to the coll made
by that resolution, which was passed without a
dissenting voice, the Secretary of War sent to
the House a letter which I hold in my hand. In
this letter he embodies the facts in accordance
with what had been the gencial understanding,
namely: that twenty-five general officers—four-
teen major generals, and eleven brigadier gen-
erals—were entirely unemployed, and that cer-
tain officers of their personal staffs were also
unemployed with them—numbering twenty-five.
At the same time another list was furished of
general officers on duty who weie not actually
commanding or serving with troops, amounting
in number to thirty-nine, making an agregate of
eighty-nine officers reported as being either un-
employed altogether or not employed in the com-
mand of troops. I must remark, however, that
in looking over the list of general officers on duty,
