3212
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 28,
no arithmetic that I know of can I get more than
twelve per fcerit. out of it. I will not detain the
, House, however, but I hope that the amendment
will be rejected.-
' * Mr. BftOOKS. -Ml*. Chairman, I rise to reply
to some of the remarks of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, an(^ f°F ^at purpose I move to
stnkeeutthe lastwortl-oflhe pending amendment.
He wishes to give to this bill the sanction of the
Treasury Department. "1 hold in my hand three
distinct bills which carae from the Committee of
Ways and Means. I wish to know which of them
has the sanction of the Treasury Department?
Here is a bill introduced by the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Hooper,] from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, which was printed
tfnd laid upon our tables, but afterwards with-
drawn. Here is another bill, Juno 20th  
.Mr. HOOPER. I never withdrew the first'bill
I offered. It was not from the committee, but I
" hrad it printed and referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
Mr. BROOKS. Which one has the* sanction
of the Treasury ?
Mr. HOOPER. The original bill came from
the Treasury Department, and was concurred in
by the Committee ofWays and Means, with some
amendments, mostly of a verbal character. The
present printed bill is the same one received from
the Secretary as it was reported from that com-
mittee.
Mr. BROOKS. Has the bill the gentleman in-
troduced here the sanction of the Committee of
Ways arid Means, and that of the Secretary of
the Treasury been repudiated ?
Mr. HOOPER. The bill of the Secretary has
not been repudiated, as 1 before stated; it is the
bill which has been reported back from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
Mr. BROOKS. The bill reported back has
two or three additional sections.
Mr. HOOPER. Tlu-te are .several verbal alter-
ations, and a new section in reference to claims
for bonds that have been lost orstolen,to protect
the rightful owners.
Mr. BROOKS. These are essential changes,
as gentlemen will find by examining them.
Mr. HOOPER. I ask the gentleman to point
out one essential change.
Mr, BROOKS. Here is one bill from the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. HOOPER. I beg the gentleman's pardon;
there is no such hill.
Mr. BROOKS. Here is one from Mr. Ste-
vens, chairman of the Committee of Ways and !
Means. j
Mr. HOOPER. Does he report it as chairman i
of that committee? j
Mr. BROOKS. He reportsitas Mr. Stevens, j
and he is chairman of the Committoc of Ways
and Means.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman refers to
House bill No. 515 ?
Mr. BROOKS, {do.
Mr. STEVENS. That was presented an an
amendment I intended to the hill reported by my
colleague on the Committee of Ways and M«-ans.
I did not agree to the bill as reported, and that
was the amendment I gave notice 1 would offer.
Mr. BROOKS. What I mean to say is that
here are three bills from the Committee of Ways
and Means. The gentleman from Massachusetts
represents that his lias the sanction of the Treas-
ury Department.
Mr. SPALDING. 1 ineistthat the gentleman
shall confine himself to his amendment,
Mr. BROOKS. When members are fairly dis-
cussing measures they ought not to be inter-
rupted. I will not detain the House longer.
The question recurring on the amendment to
the amendment,
Mr. BROOKS withdrew his amendment to the
amendment.
Mr. POMEROY called for tellers on his amend-
ment.
Tfllers were ordered; and Mr. Pomeroy and
Mr. Hooper were appointed.
Thecommittec divuled;and the tellers reported
<—ayes 65, noes 42.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER moved that the committee rise
and report the bill to the House.
The motion waa agreed to.
So the committee rose: and theSpeakcr having
resumed the chair, Mr. Boutwsll reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the §t^te of the
Union had, according to order, had the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly
the bill (Pi. R. No. 540) to provide ways and
means for the support of the Government, and
for other purposes, and had directed him to re-
port the same to the House, with sundry amend-
ments.
Mr. STEVENS. I now offer the amendment
of which I gave notice in committee yesterday.
It is to amend the first section by striking out all
after the enacting clause and inserting in lieu
thereof what I send to the Clerk's desk.
The Clerk read the amendment, as follows:
That the Secretary of the Treasury be,and he is hereby,
authorized to borrow, from time to time, on the credit of
the United States, 1)00,000, for the service of the fL-cai
year ending June 30, 1865, and to isMie therefor coupon or
registered bonds of the United States, redeemable, at the
pleasure of the Government, after any pc.riod not less than
twenty nor more than thirty yeat^, and, Jf deemed expedi-
ent, made payable at any period not morn than forty years
from date, payable in coin. And said bondss-hall be of such
denominations as tin- Secretary of the Treasmy shall direct,
not Ic^tf than fifty dollars, and hear an annu.d interest not ex-
ceeding eight per cent,, payable semi- ;mnuul!y,and theinter-
est on all bonds heretofore issued, payable annually, maybe
paid semi annually; and in lien of such bond, authorized to
he issued, the Secretaiy of the Treapury may issue bonds,
bearing interest, payable semi-annually. And the Secre-
tary ot the Treasury may dispose of such bonds, or any
part thereof, in the United States', or, if he ^hall find It expedi-
ent, in Europe, at any tune,on j-ueh terms a^he may doom
most advisable, for lawful money of tin1 United States, or,
at his discretion, for Treasury notes, certificates of indebt-
edness, or certificates ofdeposit issued under any a< tot Con-
gress. And lie may also iv.ue in exchange for Treasury
notes heretofore issued bearing seven and three tenths per
cent, interest, besides, the mx per cent, bonds heretofore
authorized, like bonds of the denomination of§100 and of
§.")0, And ail bonds,Treasury notes, and other obligations
of the United States shall be exempt from taxation by or
under State or municipal autbouty.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a point of order. It
is based upon the 110th rule, which provides that
" No motion or proposition for a tax or ehnige upon the
people shall be discussed the day on which it h made or
ottered; and eveiysueh proposition shall receive its fiist
discussion in a Committee of the Whole House."
If anything can be icgnrded as a charge upon
the people, it would be a loan of $400,000,000.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the point
of order made by the gentleman from Indiana
under the rule which he has rend. *
Mr. STEVENS. What tax is laid m this bill ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes that
the five, six, or seven million dollars of loans
authorized by the amendment is a charge upon
the people.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to say to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania that the only object
I have in raising the point of order ia to get a
direct vote upon the proposition with reference
to the taxation of these securities by the States.
If the gentleman is willing that a direct vote shall
he taken upon that in the House, I will withdraw
the point of order.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
in order to introduce my amendment.
The SPEAKER. The bill is not in the Com-
mittee of the Whole. It is now m the House.
The gentleman can move to recommit the bill to
the Committee of the Whole.
Mr, STEVENS. I make that motion for the
purpose I have indicated, and I would inquire if
that motion is debatable.
:( The SPEAKER. It is.
\! Mr. STEVENS. 1 am taken somewhat by
jj surprise by the ruling of the Chair, which, how-
ij ever, I suppose is right; but I suppose I can say
,j what 1 desire to say upon this motion. 1 did de-
l| sire to make one more effort, probably the last I
;j shall ever make upon this subject, for the purpose
;i of arresting what! believe to be the rapid down-
;| ward course to ab&olute ruin of our system of
ij currency.
;! 1 say 1 suppose it will be the last, for even if I
should happen to survive and be here again, if
; we do not make the arrest now in our ptogress,
j! we shall have sunk so deep into this "Avernus"
:: that no prudent man would venture to thrust
j| down his hand to pluck us out. In my judgment,
J all the difficulties which we are now encounter-
,1 ing, from the high price of gold and consequently
,■ the high price of everything, has arisen from the
j cause sustained by the gentleman from New
ii York who criticised it so freely this morning, and
still adheres to, though by his amendment he
seems to have contradicted his own theory.
Let me say, while I am upon this point, that
the Committee of Ways and Means feel thank-
ful for the censorship of the learned and able gen-
tleman who has rebuked them this morning. Ho
supposes that our calamities result, from the tardy
reporting of the taxation measure. Now, at tho
very commencement of the session the commit-
tee reported a bill which, if it had been adopted ;
here, would have given us before this time
$10,000,000 of revenue, and that bill was retarded
more than two months by those gentlemen who
resisted its passage because they were anxious to
put a tax on what they call " stock on hand."
Mr. POMEROY. I was not one of them.
Mr. STEVENS. Theeommittee then wenton
j to the general taxation bill,and though 1 arrogate
' to myself no part of the credit for their labors, yet
the committee generally labored more hours in
the day by one half than any committee of this
House has ever labored on any other occasion.
Seldom did some of them go to bed until twelve
o'clock at night. They may nothavebeen rapid
workmen, but there were large interests to be ex-
amined and more than a hundred committees to
listen to before they acted. Of course they did
no business before the holidays because there
was no time, but coming here in January they
reported that voluminous bill in March,and they
not only reported it, but passed it, and sent it in
that month to the Senate. It is not the fault of
the committee if the bill has not finally passed
yet. They have done their best according to
their ability, and, sir, I shall rejoice/when the
gentleman from New York shall be deemed com-
petent to take charge of th% business of that com-
mittee, to find him laboring more hours and la-
boring more wisely than the present unfortunate
committee, if; in the course of divine Providence,
that time shall ever come.
But, sir, I will now proceed at once to the prop-
osition which is before the House. I believe that
all our financial troubles arise from the extraor-
dinary demand for gold when gold is not the cur-
rency of the country, and the business of the
country does not produce it to pay the taxation
of the country. I thought so from the first, al-
though it looks like tautology to repeat it every
time when this question comes up.
When the Committee of Ways and Meansand
the House first framed a system of finance which
was to continue during the war it consisted of
two branches. It provided-first for the issue of
legal-tender notes. It must be remembered that
in the pteceding December all the banks of the
country had gone into suspension,at)d there was
nothing in circulation but the irredeemable cur-
rency of the banks. The committee deemed it
wise that the Government currency should be tho
currency of the nation under these circumstances,
because there would be more confidence in its
final redemption, and because the profits of the
interest would in the mean time inure to the ben-
efit of the nation instead of to the benefit of the
banks. Any one who remembers the terrible
crisis through which we passed in 1862 knows
that the banks had not only ceased to pay specie
even for the last loan of $50,000,000, which was
taken upon a specie basis, but that they refused,
and that the people refused to lend another dollar
payable in any thing. We were driven, thoicfore,
to this terrible necessity which is so censured in
this House by the wise men in it; we were driven
to the legal-tender system; and I venture to say
that none has ever worked better in this or any
other country. I supposed then, as I suppose
yet, that specie payment will not be resumtd for
j the next ten years to come at least. I could not
j help lemembcrmg what history taught us, that
during the gt eat Napoleonic war the Bank of Eng-
land was authorized to suspend, and did suspend
her specie payment about 1796, and never re-
sumed it until 1822, seven or eight years after the
termination of that war; and who looks for a more
speedy resumption of specie payment in this
countt y has not well studied history, and, in my
judgment, is doomed to be disappointed.
Then, sir, having taken upon ourselves the re-
sponsibility of issuing legal-tender notes as the
currency of the country, when it was proposed
M to make a dilfc-tence between those who dealt m
j! Government bonds and those who dealt in lands
ii and other bonds, this House, when the vote was
