1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to the grave questions involved in the measure
now before the Senate that consequences might
result from the premises which he laid down, from
the argument which he was making, from the
doctrines which he was advancing, that might
render the freedom, the personal safety of every
man, woman, and child in the adhering States
perfectly worthless and a thing of naught?
But, sir, we are in times of revolution. He is a
wise man who, amid such scenes as those through
which we are now passing,can keep his intellect
cool or his heart unimpassioned. But, sir, history
has a voice; it comes up through hundreds of years;
it teaches a great lesson. If no other considera-
tion could operate upon the mind of the Senator,
and those who entertain views similar to his, I
should think that sometimes, in the quietude of
night, in the seclusion of home, when dark-
ness and silence are all around, the voice of that
history would whisper in his ear, teaching him
and instructing him of this feet, that although,
in the first moments of revolution, and of the op-
pressions of a successful party,those who advo-
cate and support a departure from fundamental
principles, and therefore, for the time being, are
secure, may yet, in the turn of the wheel of for-
tune, become the very objects and subjects of that
oppression which they have inaugurated, and
against which others raised their warning voices.
It is no new drama, sir, that we are enacting.
The pathway of the past is illuminated at every
step, and teaches us the great lesson that those
who inaugurate and justify oppression, under the
operation of that retributive law of justice and of
God which sooner or later will vindicate itself
and set all things even, become the subjects of
their own arbitrary doctrines. Who was it, sir,
in the days of the French Revolution that came to
the block? Those who inaugurated and justified
oppression. I trust that the day may never come
in the history of this people when a similar visit-
ation may come upon those who upon all occa-
sions justify oppression, for I know of no man
and no body of men and no political party in this
country against whom, even when their teachings
shall be discovered to be unwise, when their pol-
icy shall be overruled, and when men of differ-
ent sentiments and opinions shall be installed in
power, that I would have to be injured even to
the smallest hair of his head. But, sir, God sits
in heaven; his laws are immutable, justice is im-
mutable, and that which a man sows, says God's
word, he shall also reap.
I said, Mr. President, thatthe only justification
for the interference by Federal authority through
its military in a State was upon application made
by the Governor of the State when the Legisla-
ture thereof was not in session, or by the Legis-
lature when in session. The Senator from Michi-
gan has said on this occasion what has frequently
been said before, that he can see nothing, or very
little at least, in the action of the military within
the States which is reprehensible. He assumes
that whatever has been done has been done from
patriotic motives and considerations. Although
I speak somewhat warmly and feelingly generally
upon a subject in which 1 takeinterest, 1 will say
frankly that it is more charitable to think with the
Senator from Michigan, if the facts involved in
the case will allow you to entertain such a chari-
table opinion. For myself, I have no idea that this
military interference with the elections in the ad-
hering Stales of the Union has been prompted by
any patriotic consideration, or any desire what-
ever to preserve the Union or to regard the con-
stitutional rights of the people. I believe that it
has resulted and resulted alone from a desire to
perpetuate political power in the hands of those
who now have it, and to give to them the control
in the future over the destinies of this people; and
that they are not willing that the people of the
adhering States, in which there has been not one
particle of attempt to oppose any action of the
Federal Government by force since the commence-
ment of the present troubles, shall be trusted with
the free exercise of their rights as citizens, lest
the judgmentof that people should be against the
policy of the party in power and against the per-
petuation of that party power in the future. The
unconstitutional acts of this Administration and
of the party in power are a sufficient and con-
clusive warrant for the expression of this opinion.
The Senator alluded to my State, and 1 do not
propose to say anything in reference to the other
States to which he referred. I shall say nothing
in reference to the State of Kentucky. She has
two noble champions upon this floor perfectly
able and always willing to defend her rights and
the rights of her people. I shall say nothing in
reference to the State of Maryland, because her
distinguished Senator [Mr. Johnson] is perfectly
competent, as is known to the Senate and to the
country, to vindicate her here and before the coun-
try. I shall therefore confine what I have to say
to the fact of military interference in my own
State as evidencing the necessity for the passage
of the bill now under consideration.
. Mr. POWELL. If the Senator from Delaware
will allow me, I will move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
The PRESIDING dFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Delaware yield to the Senator from
Kentucky?
Mr. SAULSBURY. I make no application
for an adjournment, but I yield for the motion.
Mr. JOHNSON. If that motion be waived for
a moment, I move that when the Senate adjourns
to-day it adjourn to meet on Monday next. To-
morrow is Good Friday.
Mr. POWELL. To-morrow is Good Friday,
and I think every good Christian ought to ad-
journ on that day.
The PRESIDING OFFICER put the question,
and declared that there was no quorum voting.
Mr. CLARK. I suppose then, it is not com-
petent for us to do any business.
Mr. POWELL. Did I understand the Chair
to announce that the motion to adjourn to Mon-
day was not agreed to ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
has not announced the vote except simply to de-
clare that a quorum has not voted.
Mr. POWELL. It does not require a quorum
to adjourn.
Mr. CLARK. But it does to adjourn over.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the motion to adjourn to Monday.
The yens and nays were ordered, and taken
with the following result:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, BuckaleW, Carlile, Conness,
Foster, Harris, Henderson, Howard, Johnson, Morgan,
Powell, Ramsey, Riddle, Saulsbury, Van Winkle, and Wil-
ley-10.
NAYS—Messrs. Chandler, Clark, Doolittfe, Foot, Har-
lan, Lane or'Xndiana, Lane of Kansas, Morrill, Pomeroy,
Sumner, Ten Eyek, Trumbull, Wade,Wilkinson, and Wil-
son—15.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is not
a quorum voting.
Mr. FOOT. There is evidently no probability
of securing the presence of a quorum, and I there-
fore move that the Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, March 24,18G4.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. W. H. Channing.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
COMMITTEE OS THE CONDUCT OF THE WAR,';
Mr. LOAN. I ask the unanimouS'consent of
the House to take up from the Speaker's table the
joint resolution No. 37, for the* payment of ex-
penses incurred by the joint committee'on the con-
duct of the war.
Mr. HOLMAN. Let it be read.
The joint resolution was read.
Mr. HARRINGTON. I object.
ISSUE OF A REGISTER.
Mr.WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hold in my
hand Senate bill No. 31, authorizing the issue of
a register to the steamer Mohawk. 1 am directed
to report it back by the Committee on Commerce
with an amendment. It is a bill in which the gen-
tleman from Michigan [Mr. UpsoNjis interested,
and is in relation to the issuing of a register to a
Canadian-built steamer.
There being no objection, the bill was reported
back from the Committee on Commerce.
The bill,which was read, merely authorizes the
Secretary of the Treasury to issue an American
register to the Canadian-built steamer Mohawk.
Mr. WASHBURNE, oflllinois. It seems from
an examination of the papers in the case that there
are some legnl proceedings in regard to this ves-
sel, and I am therefore directed "to offer the fol-
lowing amendment:
Provided, That nothing herein contained shall 111 any
wise affect any legal proceedings now pending in regard If
the said steamer Mohawk.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill,as amended, was then ordered to athird
reading; and it was accordingly, read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to have one or two
bills taken from the Speaker's table, and referred.
Mr. CHANLER. I object.
AMENDMENT TO THE CONSTITUTION.
Mr. BLAINE, by unanimous consent, submit-
ted the following resolution; which was read, con-
eidered, and agreed to:
ResolveJj That the Judiciary Committee be. directed to
inquire into the expediency of proposing an amendment to
the Constitution of the United States, by striking oat the
fifth clause of section nine, article one, which forbids the
levying of a tax on articles exported from any State. _ -
UNITED STATES COURTS IN THE WEST.
Mr. WILSON, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on the Judiciary, reported back
bill of the House No. 306, to amend an act en-
titled "An act prescribing the time3 and places of
holding the terms of the circuit courts for the dis-
trict of Iowa, Minnesota, and Kansas," approved
January 13, 1863.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WILSON moved to reconsider the tote
by whicli the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
POLICE OE THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill supplemental to a:n act entitled
"An act to amend an act to create a metropolitan
police department of the District of Columbia,
and to establish a police therefor," approved July
16,1862, and for other purposes; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia.
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio. I would like to have
the bill printed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is not
customary to print bills before they are reported
back, and therefore I must object.
WILLIAM WHEELER IIOBBELL.
Mr. MOORHEAD, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee on Naval Affairs, reported a
joint resolution relative to the claim for letters
patent of William Wheeler Hubbell; which was
read a first and second time, ordered to be printed,
and recommitted to the same committee.
INVALID PENSIONS.
Mr. WIIALEY, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, reported a bill supplementary to
an act entitled "An act to grant pensions," ap-
proved July 14,1862; which was read a first and
second time, ordered to be printed, and recom-
mitted to the same committee, with privilege to
report at any time.
DIPLOMATIC, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. KASSON, by unanimous consent, moved
to take from the Speaker's table Senate amend-
ments to House bill No. 40, making appropria-
tions forth? consular and diplomatic expenses of
the Government for the year ending June 30,
1S65, and to refer them to the Committee of Ways
and Means. '
The motion was agreed to.
FOREIGN COINS, ETC.
Mr. KASSON, by unanimous consent, also
moved to take from the Speaker's table Senate
bill No. 183, in amendment of an act entitled
"An act relating to foreign coins and the coinage
of cents at the Mint of the United States," ap-
proved February 21,1857; which was read afirst
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on a Uniform System of Coinage, Weights, and
Measures.
