1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
first taken, by a mnjority of thirty-nine refused
to entertain the monstrous proposition. It went
to the Senate, and the New York brokers and
gamblers and bankers came here and besieged all
the branches of the Government, from the Secre-
tary of the Treasury down, until they—I donot
say corrupted their judgment, butinfluenced their
judgment to introduce into that bill the fatal clause
of paying interest in coin. That came back into
this House, and notwithstanding tlie resistance
of those who thought otherwise, it was admitted.
Hence all our woes. At that moment we found
it necessary, as a small palliation to the Govern-
ment, to make the duties on imports payable in
gold. That is a drop in the bucket. But it still
creates a demand for the article to the amount of
sixty or eighty million dollars a year, and' mer-
chants must buy it from the bullion brokers nt
their own price. And thatamountincreases from
day to day and from year to year, from the fatal
policy which sits like an incubus on this Congress
and on this nation; and the price of gold is in-
creasing in pioportion, and will go on increasing,
until this nation cannot bear the taxation to pay
it, and will not bear the taxation to pay it. It is,
therefore, to save us from the disgrace of inevi-
table repudiation that 1 make one more effort to
save the national credit.
Sir, I feel a little on this subject, for I abhor
repudiation, and I see it staring us in the face, at
no great distance in the future, just as plainly as
if I saw it here to-day, if this policy be continued
any longer. Everybody will admit that if we
had no demand for gold in this country there
would be no rise in gold. Wherever there is no
demand for an article it bears no value beyond its
intrinsic value. Just as in proportion to the in-
creasing demand will be the increasing rise, so
in proportion to the smallnessof the demand will
be the fall in price. And he who charges this
rise in gold to the Jews and gamblers in Wail
street is but a shallow statesman. Before you
undertake to correct that evil by some small salvp
spread over a uiging cancer, before you can ex-
pect to regulate this evil by goldiselhng and gold-
prohibiting bills, you had better take away the
demand for gold, for in no other way will you,
in my judgment, depreciate gold one per cent.
What aie we doing? If the construction of
the law given by the Secretary of the Treasury
be correct there is to-day a debt of $837,000,000
bearing interest in gold. That does not include the
$75,000,000 lately bid for, which my amendment
excepts, letting it be issued for immediate relief.
In that sum, however, is included what the Sec-
retary says is law, but what all the couits of the
country say is not law; that is, that bonds given
before the war, without any reference to com, must
be paid in com. The Secietary has said, in a let-
ter sent to the Clerk's desk the other day by the
gentleman from Massachusetts, that their inter-
est is payable in com. Two months after the
legal-tender bill was passed I was called upon by
a constituent of mine to say whether a debt of
$23,000 which heowed,and which was to be paid
in gold, could be paid in legal-tender notes. I
gave it as my opinion that it could be. He made
the tender, and it was refused. A suit was then
brought against him before the proper court in
Philadelphia, and it was decided that the tender
was an adequate one. It has been so decided in
three, at least, of the States since then. In every
case, except in one single insignificant-nisiprius
case in New York, it has been held that forall the
transactions of this country legal tender was gold.
I therefore place but little credit on the hasty opin-
ions of tlie Secretary of the Treasury on a ques-
tion of law where heis overruled by all thecourts,
I know it is contended by gentlemen who hold
the old bonds that tlte interest must be paid in
gold, because it enhances their value one hundred
per cent.; but it is a fraud on the honest men of
the country who have to pay it. There is no
reason why a man who holds $20,000 in bonds
issued in 1858 should be paid m gold, or in its
equivalent, at the rate of two hundred per cent.,
any more than there is reason why I who now
borrow money should be called upon to pay it in
the same way. It is a perversion of the law. It
is injustice to thu people. It is a favor to u few
moneyed men. 1 do not begrudge the money to the
men who hold these bonds, but it is not their right.
Mr. SPALDING. I desire to ask the gentle-
man if in his judgment the principal of the
$500,000,000 of five-twenty bonds is payable in
gold?
Mr. STEVENS. It is just aa clear as any-
thing is clear that the interest is payable in gold,
but the principal in lawful money.
Mr. SPALDING. I ask the gentleman if he
knows whether that is the opinion of the head of
the Treasury Department?
Mr. STEVENS. Well, sir, I have not con-
sulted him. I know that a great many legal genr-
tlemen of distinction agree with me in the opin-
ion I have expressed. I suppose I should bow
to the opinon of the Secretary of the Treasury on
the subject if I had it and it was right, but I have
not.
Mr. PRUYN. I would like, with the permis-
sion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, to ask
thegentlemtin from Ohio [Mr. Spalding] whether
he has any information that the Secretary of the
Treasury has decided that the principal of the
five-twenty bonds was payable in gold.
Mr. SPALDING. If I may be permitted to
reply to the gentleman from New York I will
say that 1 have this morning learned from the
Secretary of the Treasury that in his opinion the
principal of the five-twenty bonds is payable in
gold.
Mr. STEVENS. Then, sir, his opinion is
entirely different from the law. These bonds are
made payable in money by the express terms of
the law, and if legal-tender notes are money then
the notes are payable in that. But, sir, if both
principal and interest are payable in gold, then
the difficulties in which the Government is be-
coming involved arc all the more aggravated.
Mr. WILSON. Was not the statement just
now made by the gentleman from Pennsylvania
based upon the payment of these five-twenties in
gold?
Mr. STEVENS. Upon the payment of the
interest in gold. There is no doubt that the in-
terest is payable in gold.
Mr. WILSON. 1 speak of the principal. I
understood the gentleman to say that there were
now about eight hundred million dollars of the
public debt payable in gold.
Mr. STEVENS. No, sir; the interest is pay-
able in gold. I say that no man whois a lawyer
—and I could not say that the Secretary of the
Treasury is not a lawyer—who will carefully read
the law can possibly come to any other conclu-
sion than that the principal of these five-twenty
bonds is payable in currency. The law says
expressly that the interest is payable in coin and
that the principal is payable in money. The dif-
ference m the terms employed is as distinct and
definite as if it had been, m so many words, that
one is payable in coin and the other in paper cur-
rency.
But, sir, I will proceed. I was remarking that
we have ahcady §>800,000,000 funded on which
we have pledged the Government to pay the in-
terest in coin. With the floating or outstanding in-
debtedness the entiie amount for which the Gov-
ernment is to become obligated at the present
day is from $1,700,000,000 to $2,000,000,000. And
I repeat that if the war goes on for two yeais our
indebtedness will be $4,000,000,000. It cannot be
a dollar less. Instead then of having $50,000,000
inteiest payable m gold we shall have $240,000,-
000 annuaily. And I put the question to the
House whether if when we have §50,000,000
payable m gold the brokers ran put us in their
power and lun the price of gold up to two for one
for money, what may we expect when instead of
$S00,000,000 on which we have to pay interest we
have §4,000,000,000 ?
Some two years ago I said in this Houco, very
much to the dissatisfaction of some of my friends,
that within two years this gold-bcaiiog interest
system would bring the price of gold to 175, and
that before another year it would go up to 200. It
was said then that I was discouraging the people.
Sir, I was telling what 1 supposed to be the truth,
and what is now history. I repeat the ques-
tion, that if this result occurs when we have
only $50,000,000 interest payable in gold beside,
what h required for importation, what may we
expect when we shall have §240,000,000? VVliy,
sii, it will go to three hundred per cent., which
will give $720,000,000 in currency to be raised
by taxation besides the $100,000,000 which will
be necessary to meet the ordinary expenses of
the Government, and this you will have m two
years from this time. You will have $82O,GG0$Otp:
to pay without reducing'the indebtedness of ihe\
country one' cent, and this'to be'r&ised "by.tax^r,
tion of the people, . '
Now, sir, no man will pretend that a nation of
twenty million people impoverished by war can '
bear such a taxation as that. There ts not any
man here so sanguine as to suppose or expect for
a moment that the people will bear it. The loan
lately offered, the ten-forties, is made payable in- *
coin, principal and interest. It is the only one
issued since 1861 where the principal is made
payable in coin. The interest, as I said before,
is at present made so. In the bill we are actiag
on, the principal ia payable in.money, whatever
that money may be.
Now what I propose is this, that we shall re-
verse this and make the interest payable in cur-
rency and the principal in coin by express words.
We cannot raise coin now, for there ia no circula-
tion of it now. We can pay in currency, and it -
will answer all the purposes of life as well as
gold. We can use it to buy landand everything
else—to be sure at a high price, but everything
is high now, and this will answer all purposes'.
The principal, twenty years hence, the holder is
to receive in solid money. If the owner dies he'
leaves to his heirs an amount ingold equal to the
amount he paid in paper money. In my judgp
ment these bonds will be better than where the
principal is payable in currency and the interest
in gold.
The difference between the two systems is
follows:
When the debt shall be #4,000,000,000:
Interest in gold    $240,009,000
It must be bougUt at three Cor one  3
Interest  720,000,000
Ordinaly expense*        100,000,000
820,000,000
In currency...    §4,000,000,000
Interest at six per cent  §240,000.000
Orel mary expenses   100,000,0(50
  340,000,000
Difference in favor of lawful money......... 450,000,000
In order to insure a loan I have provided that
the interest on these bonds shall be eight per cent,
instead of six and eight per cent, in currency. It
will leave $480,000,000 in favor of the system
which I propose shall be adopted, and that will
afford the greatest relief to the present generation.
Thirty years hence it will be no distress, I trust,
to pay in coin. This and the next year, and tho
year after, it will be a constantly increasing dis-
tress. My proposition would relieve this gene-
ration from the exaggeration in the price of gold.
We will have better and happiertimeswhen coin
will be the currency of the country. Then we
can make payment in coin which we now cannot
do.
I cannot see, sir, why such a system is not
adopted. I have no doubt that any man who has
money to lend will lend it at eight per cent., the
interest payable in currency and the principal in
gold.
I have also provided that there shall be is-
sued the same kind of bonds to the amount of
$500,000,000 to be tendered to the holders of the
five-twenty bonds at eight per cent, in exchange,
I say that in five years we have the right to nay
them off and pay them in money; and that what-
ever functionary of this Government undertakes
to overrule the law deserves the censure of the
nation and of the people who are to bear these
burdens.
Far be it from me to suggest that in reference
to bonds where the interest is payable in coin it
shall not be paid to the last farthing. That is to
be paid under my proposition; but.if they will not
convert them, one into the other, in five years, I
provide that the five-twenties shall be redeemed
by the sale of eight per cent, bonds for lawful
money.
The bill of the committee proposes to give these
bonds for what? For currency. It proposes to
issue them for the present currency, to take that
which is worth two hundred per cent, less than
that which it gives.
Gentlemen will determine on this finally, for
this is the last chance we shall have. They will
decide whether this is right or wrong. I have
spoken my opinions. I am sorry that so far my
