216
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
January 14,
milted to the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, to be Held
and collected, or any part thereof, or surrendered in accord-
ance with the final judgment, order, or decree of the court
having jurisdiction of the case; or, if the owner frhall not
apply as aforesaid, the assessor, upon the application of the
marshal of ilie said district in whose custody and control
said'spirits or other articles seized as aforesaid may be,shall
appraise or have the same appraised underhisdirection and
cotitroijaud shall issue and return to the marshal aforesaid
an ord<;r to sell the same, and the said marshal shall there-
upon advertise and sell the same, and the proceeds of sale,
after deducting therefrom the costs of seizhre and sale, shall
fee paid into the court having jurisdiction of the case, and
paid out as the said court shall on final judgment order or
decree.
SBC. 3. Jh}dbei} further enacted, That ail distilled spirits
upon which an excise duty is imposed hy law may be ex-
ported withont payment of said duty, and when the same
Is intended for exportation maybe icmoved without being
charged with duty, if transported directly from the distil-
lery or bonded warehouse, under such rules and regulations,
•ana upon the execution of such transportation or other
bonds, as the Secretary oftheTieasury may prescribe; said
bonds to be taken by the collector of internal revenue of the
'district m which such distilleries or bonded warehouses
maybe situated to a bonded warehouse at any poit of entry
of the United States—said warehouse at the port of entry
to be established in conformity with the law and Treasuiy
regulations, and to he used exclusively for the stoiage of
distilled spirits—and to be placed in elnu e of a proporofli-
cer of the customs, who, together with thp owner and pro-
prietor of the warehouse, shall have the joint custody of
all the distilled spirits stored in said warehouse; and all
the labor on the goods sfi stored shall he performed by the
owner or proprietor ofthe warehouse, undorthesupervision
of the olfieer of the customs in chytge of the same, at the
expense of the >.aid owner or proprietor, and shall also be
subject to the same rules and regulations, and be charge-
able with the same costs and expenses, in all respect*, as
other goods may be subject to that are deposited in public
store for exportation from the United Status; and no draw-
back shall in any case be allowed on any distilled spnits
upon which an excise duty has been paid either before or
after it has been placed in bonded warehouse as afore-
said.
Sec. 4. Jlndbe it further enacted, That, from and after
the passage of this act, in lieu of the duties provided in the
act referred to in the fustsectlon of this act, there shall be
levied, collected, and paid upon all cotton pioduced or sold*
nnd removed for consumption, and upon which no duty has
been levied, paid, or collected, a duty of two cents per
pound; and Mich duty shall be and remain a hen thereon
until said duty fhall have been paid, in the possession of
any person whomsoever; and Anther, if anv person or per-
sons, corporation or association of persons, remove, carry,
or transmit the «mme, or procure any other party or patties
to remove, carry, or transpoit the same from the place of
its production, with the intent to evade the duty thereon, or
to defraud the Government, before said duty shah have been
paid, such person or persons, corporation or association of
person*, shall forfeit and pay to the United States double
the amount of said duty, to bcrecoveied in any couit of
competent jurisdiction : Provided, That all cotton sold by
or on account of the Government of the United Sratesshall
be free ami exempt fiom duty at the tune of and after the
sale thereof, and the same hhall be marked free and the
purchaser furnished with suclra biil of salens shall clearly
and accurately desenbe the same, which shall be deemed
and taken to be a permit authorizing the hale or lumoval
thereof.
Skci. 5. Jlndbe it further enacted, That every collector
to whom any duty upon cotton shall be paid shall maik
the bales, of other packages, upon which the duly shall have
been paid, in such manner as may eloatly iudicatethcpay-
ment thereof, and shall give to the owner, or other person
having charge of such cotton, a peimit for the removal of
the same, which shall be dated and contain a dociiption,
including the weight and othei tnaiks of the hales, or pack-
ages, and a statement of the fact that the duty lias been
paid, VVhenevei any cotton, the pioduct of the United
States, «hall arrive at any port of the Uniti'd States fiom
any State in indirection against the Government, the as-
sessor or assistant assessor, under the act ref'ened to in the
fiist section of this act, ^hail immediately a^se^H the taves
due theieon.andshali, Without delay, return the same to the
collet lor or deputy collector of said district^ and the said
collector or deputy collector sh.tll demand ol the owner or
other person having charge of such cotton the tax imposed
by tins act, and .ussessed thereon, unless evidence of pie-
viotispayiuentof said tax shall he produced,undersuchieg^-
ulation.s as the Commissioner of hiLeiual Revenue, by tiie
direction of the Seeietaiy of the Treasuiy, shall from time
to time prescribe; and in case the tayso assessed shall not
be paid to such collector within tliiity days after demand,
the collector or deputy collector as aforesaid, -shall institute
proceeding* for the tecovery of the tax, which shall he a hen
upon said cotton fiom the time when suidasscssmeutshall
be made.
Sk,c. 6. ~1nd he it farther enacted, That, fiom and after
the date on which tiu- act fakes effect, in computing the
a'lowance or diawbaek upon aificles manufactuied exelu
sively of cotton when e.\poited, theie phall he allowed, in
addition to the thiee pei cent, duty which shall have been
paid on such article-, a drawback of two cents per pound
upon such articles in all eases when* the dutv imposed by
this act upon the cotton u*ed in the mamifaetuie thereof
shall he saiu>factoiily shown to have been previously paid;
the amount of said diawbaek to be a.-eettained in such
manner as may be proacubed by the Commiss-ionei of In-
ternal Revenue, under the ducetiou o( the Socictajy of the
Tj easuiv.
Sec. 7. Jlnd be it further enacted, Thar, fiom and after
the passage of this act, in addition to the dutic< hei^toforc
impo-rd by law, theio .-hail he levied, collected, and paid
on the-piriN distilled fiom giain or other mateiials, im-
ported irom fuiumi countries, of fiist proof, aduty of loity
cents on each and every gallon, and no lower i ate of duty
shall be levied oi collected than the ba-uof tih-t piool, and
shall be increased in proportion for any greater strength
than the strength of first proof.
The Clerk proceeded to read the bill by sections
for amendment. *
Mr. STEVENS. I am directed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to move one or two
amendments. I move to amend by inserting on.
line twenty, after the word "spirits," the words-
"distilled since the 31st day of August, 1862."
By the law which laid the tax originally on whis-
ky, the article then on hand, previously manu-
factured, was .exempted from taxation. This
amendmentis merely to continue that exemption,
so as not to run back behind the time of the ori-
ginal law which laid the tax. *
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. 1 desire to make a remark
in opposition to the amendment offered by the
chairmanthe Committee of Ways and Means.
It is known, Mr. Chairman, that a large quantity
of spirituous liquors has been distilled and bonded
in the various markets of the country since the
passage of the act of 1§62, and since the passage
of the act amendatory of it assessing a tax, of
twenty ccnts per gallon. I am opposed to having
included within the operation of this bill any
spirits manufactured prior to its passage. In my
judgment it is not fair.
Mr. STEVENS. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman that my amendment does not affect that
question. The question can be raised after the
amendment is acted on.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. Then I decline making
any further remarks on the subject.
Mr. BROOKS. I desire to ask the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means whether
he intends to put through this bill directly.
Mr. STEVENS. I do notintend to force any
bill through until gentlemen have had an oppor-
tunity to discuss it.
Mr. BROOKS. The bill has not been published
in any-of the newspapers of the country, and I
think we should not act upon it finally until the
press shall have spread it before the people, as it
is a bill of groat importance to our constituents.
Mr. STEVENS. After the Committee of Ways
and Means shall have perfected the bill, if the gen-
tleman desires more time, I shall not insist upon
its immediate consideration.
Mr. BROOKS. I also wish to ask the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means why
it is that the articles of spirits and cotton have
been specially selected, and whether he intends to
bring m a general taxation bill including tobacco
petroleum, and other articles.
Mr. STEVENS. As to whisky, it is being
very largely manufactured, of course in anticipa-
tion of the tax, and we have thought it right to
give the eai liest notice to the country as to the tax
which it is intended to impose. As to tobacco,
we find a greater difficulty m drawing a law that
will meet the views of the committee and will
probably answer the purpose. It is a very diffi-
cult question to decide whether the tax should be
laid on the leaf, according to the recommendation
of the Department, or whether it should be con-
tinued, with some modifications, on the manu-
factured article. If it is to be laid on the leaf,
gentlemen will see that it requires considerable
machinery to perfect it, and it would take some
time to draft a biil to effect that object. If it is
to be continued on the manufactured article, it re-
quires many more guards than we now have to
protect the Governmentfrom fraud. It is just so
with the article of oil. We find great difficulty in
coming to a conclusion as to the best mode of
laying a duty on it. We therefore desire to de-
liberate a little longer upon if; and we intend to
enlaigo very much the articles to be (axed.
Mi\ RROOKS. I wish also to ask the gentle-
man, what is the amount of "revenue which it is
calculated will be produced from this increased
duty on spirits?
Mr. STEVENS. If the law shall be faiily ex-
ecuted it cannot,! think,be less than $25,000,000
for the next year. The law as it now stands has
been impcifectly executed, so impcifectly that not
one third of the revenue which the Government
ought to have had has been collected.
Mr. RROOKS. One othVr point.
Mr. STEVENS. Let me answer further. This
is my own calculation. The Department calcu-
lates that the bill will produce $36,000,000. I do
not thmk that it will ptoduee ho much. Last year
we collected $4,000,000, when the amount con-
sumed ought to have produced some twelve or
thirteen million dollars; and this was owing to
the exceptional mode of collection. „
Mr. BROOKS. I would like to know whether
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means has taken into consideration the import-
ant fact that, with a long line of frontier upon
the Canadas, this high duty of sixty cents per
•gallon may not lead to a great amount of smug-
gling. Does he not think that there is some dan-
ger in laying so high a duty?
Mr. STEVENS. AH high duties lead to smug-
gling. There is no doubt of that. Therefore
the guards must be more stringent. We think
that the high duty of sixty cents per gallon will
not reduce the manufacture of the article in this
country. Experience in England has shown that
as the duty was raised upon spirits, even when
it reached twelve shillings per gallon, or $2 50 of
our currency, which it is now, it has never.seri-
ously affected the consumption of the article. In
other words, men will drink, no matter what it
costs. [Laughter.]
Mr. BROOKS. Mr. Chairman, there is a vast
difference between the topography of the United
States and that of Great Britain ami Ireland.
Great Britain and Ireland are surrounded by water,
while m respect to the United States there is only
arr imaginary boundary of two thousand miles,
along which it will be utterly impossible for a
cordon of custom-house officers to be effectually
established.
Mr. STEVENS. The committee were aware
of that difficulty.
•Mr. BROOKS. My own impression is that
this duty is too high to lead to actual revenue.
Mr. STEVENS. Of course there will be smug-
gling. I hope that the committee will now be
permitted to submit its amendments.
Mr. BROOKS. I want to have information
from the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means, and I may not have another oppor-
tunity. He answers questions so usefully to us
all that I hope he will pardon me for further tax-
ing his patience.
Mr. STEVENS. I would be glad to have
questions put to me, and to have suggestions
made by which the bill may be perfected.
Mr. BROOKS, And now, Mr. Chairman, as
I have the floor, I desire to call the'committee's
attention to anotherand important matter. I feel
somewhat embarrassed about it; indeed, after the
Latin quotation of the gentleman from Maryland,
[Mr. Davis,] it is somewhat doubtful whether
any of us on this side of the House have any place
here to do anything, except as tenants by cour-
tesy. " Nan taliauxiho," said he,44 nec istis de-
fensoribus eget."
The same Latin poet, however, who said this,
also said, " Fas est ab hoste doceri."
Let me begthegentlemen, then,on theotherside
of the House, especially the New England gen-
tlemen connected with manufactures, to hear me
on a matter of importance at least to them.
This bill taxes all spirits sixty cents per gallon,
in addition to duties payable for licenses. Alcohol,
which is a component part of many, very many
manufactured articles, is under this bill taxed at
least $1 13 per gallon, for sixty cents on proo*
spirits nearly doubles on alcohol. I have a suddenly
made up list of a few articles into which alcohol
enters; namely, for hatters, soaps, candles, heat-
ing chafing dishes, jewelers' and artisans' lamps,
perfumery, medicines, hair tonics, cleansing pur-
poses, an embrocation, dyeing, chemicals, vine-
gar-making, whisky vinegar, fortifying wines and
eider, preserving fruits, culinary purposes, var-
nish, dissolving gums,burning to give light,gun-
powder., gun caps and cartridges, &c., &c. Now,
England,in order to protecthormanufactures,re-
verses this policy of taxation in order to enable {un-
people to compete with foreigners. There is an ar-
ticle of commerce, that called methylene, (methu,
wine, and uhlS, wood,) ormethilated spit its, upon
which there is no excise. When wood is bub-
jected to destructive distillation there is formed
along with the tar, acetic acid, and other product*,
a highly volatile and inflammable liquid,-which,
when purified by distillation of qme.ks'h'er, is
called spirit or alcohol of wood, or pyrolixic spit it.
The hydiocarbon which forms the basts of this
foim of alcohol, and to which this term methylene
has been applied, is presumed to consist ofeaibon
and hydrogen m propoi tion. This methylene, en-
