1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. PENDLETON. I will yield to the gen-
tleman.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman yield a
portion of his time, or does he yield uncondition-
ally?
Mr. PENDLETON. I yield unconditionally,
hoping I will ho able to obtain the floor again
before the vote is taken.
The SPEAKER.* That will depend upon the
alternating of speeches.
Mr. BROOMALL. I am opposed to this pro-
posed enactment, for reasons which I will now
endeavor to make as plain to the Honeeas I can.
The parlies asking for this legislation are the
Camden and Atlantic Railroad Company and the
Raman and Delaware Bay Railroad Company.
What they ask is, in effect, that Congress should
enact an amendment to their charters, granted by
the State of New Jersey.
The Legislature of New Jersey, in 1852, char-
tered the Camden and Atlantic Railroad Company,
with power to run a road from Camden, opposite
Philadelphia, eastward to the ocean, at Atlantic
City.
In 1854 the same body chartered the Raiitan
and Delaware Bf\y Railroad Company,with power
to run a road from Sandy Hook bay, near New
York city, southward to the Delaware bay, at
Cape May. This second road crosses the first
one nearly at rightangles. After thesecond com- ;
pany had run its road a part of the way south-
ward toward Cape May it formed a connection
with the road which it was intended to cross at
right angles,and thereby made a continuous rail-
road from Camden to the bay oppositeNew York,
and commenced, as 1 undersold it, to carry
freight and passengers in opposition to the Cam-
den and Amboy railroad. The Camden and Am-
boy Railroad Company, having until 1869 theex-
clusiverightto certain transportation across New
Jersey, objected to this, and the question came
up before the courts of New Jersey—the proper
tribunals to decide what the powers of those two
roads weie under their charters—-and on the 3d of
February last the chancellor of New Jersey, the
highest judicial power in the State, as I understand
it, decided that these roads could not thus form a
connection and make an air line between Now
Yorkand Philadelphia!!! theshapeof one's elbow
when very much crooked.
That decision was made on the 3d of February
last, and within a month of that time a biliwas
reported to this House, the object of which is to
correct what gentlemen here suppose to be blun-
dering New Jersey legislation.
Either the decision of the chancellor was final
or there is a higher court to which this company
can take the question and have it adjudicated. If
it is final, then all the rights which these two com-
panies obtained from the Legislature of New Jer-
sey are what they are decided to be by the chan-
cellor; and that is the law of New Jersey. If it
is not final, these companies have the opportunity
to take the question further and ascettam what
their rights are.
But instead of doing that they choose to come
here and ask us to enact an amendment to their
charter. That is a plain, simple statement of the
matter. We are now either asked to entertain
an appeal from the highest court in the State of
New Jersey upon the question of chartered priv-
ileges to companies the creatures of the Legisla-
ture of New Jetsey, or we arc asked to enact an
amendment to their charter, and m either case I
am opposed to this whole business.
It is said, with very great truth, that we have
the i ight to make military and post roads through
States, and to regulate cornmercc, and i have no
kind of doubt of our right to do all that is neces-
sary to carry out the powers vested in us by the
Constitution, and that without regard to what any
particular State may want or object to. But it
must be borne in mind that our rights must come
under one of these three heads in order to justify
us in using the power to enact this legislation. I
have no doubt of the power of Congress to make
military roads aci oss any part of (he United States;
' I havenoduubtof thepowerof Congress toadopt
roads, already made, as military roads; I have no
doubt of the right of Congress to provide post
routes and either make them anew or adopt those
already existing; and I have no doubt of the power
of Congress to regulate commerce between the
States.
Now, let us see whether the legislation asked
for comcs within either of these three heads. Is
it pretended that this road necessary-for mili-
tary purposes? Is it pretended that the Govern-
ment of the United States needs a more direct mode
of transporting troops between New York and
Philadelphia than the straight-line road? If it is,
in Answer to that I will say, without this legisla-
tion these roads are military roads by the law of
the land. By the first section of the act of Jan-
uary 1, 1862, any railroad in the United States,
either made then or to be made hereafter, may,
without further legislation, be taken asamilitary
road at any time when the President of the Uni-
ted States thinks necessary to do so. That power
has been exercised in respect to many of the rail-
roads in the United States, and it may be used in
respect to" these roads whenever it shall become
necessary.
There is, therefore, no military necessity for
the act which is now being asked of us. That
to my mind is clear,and anygentleman who will
look at the act of 1862and see the general powers
conferred upon the President of the United States
to take raihoads anywhere for military purposes,
will see that this enactment is not needed for any
such purpose.
It is remarkable, too, that this report comes from
the Military Committee of this body. Does not
that committee know that these roads are already
military roads? If so, that committee should
have had nothing to do with this bill, but should
have done as was done with other matters this
morning, asked its reference to some other com-
mittee, say the Committee on Post Roads, for
example.
But the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, when taking up this bill, would have
found themselves very much in the predicament
of the Military Committee, because they, too,
would have found that no legislation is necessary
to make these roads post roads. They are made
so by the act of July 7, 1838. The second sec-
tion of that act authorizes the Post Ogice Depart-
ment to lake any railroad, either then built or
thereafter to be built, without any further legis-
lation whatever, as post routes; so that the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads would
have had to return the bill to the House and ask
its reference to some other select or standing com-
mittee.
My colleague [Mr. Williams] suggests the
next reference would have been to the Commit-
tee on Commerce, and I will grant there would
have been some sense in that. But I deny the
propriety of any other committee meddling in this
business at all. It looks to me supremely ridic-
ulous for either the Military Committee or the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads to
have anything to do with it or make any report
upon if, because, as I have already shown by
legislation which exists, and to which 1 have re-
ferred, there is no military necessity and no postal
necessity for any such enactment.
Now, what would my colleague's Committee
on Commerce have done with this matter? If
there is a commercial necessity for doing this, I
will grant that we have a right to do it, although
if there is such commercial necessity, I want to
know why we should take this circuitous route
rather.than a direct one? I am not apt to limit
the powers of Congress within very narrow con-
stitutional limits. I have, grown to be of late
years almost afiaid to say that Congress has not
the constitutional power to do any given thing,
for fear those to wiiom I am talking might look
me m the face to see what metallic symptoms
might be there. But I will say this, and I say it
without fear of contradiction, that Congress has
no right or power under the Constitution to make
two lines of a triangle taken together shorter than
the third; Congress'has no right to make a straight
line between New York and Philadelphia which
shall takcin Cape May. [Laughter.] Congress
has no constitutional right to do anything which
would lender this body more ridiculous than it
has been sometimes heretofore.
When 1 first came here a proposition coming
from my own State, and from various other quar-
ters, was presented for a gieat national railroad
between New Yerk and Washington. At first
I was taken with the idea, buttrom some doubts
about the propriety of our exeicising the power
at this time I voted, I confess, against it. Con-
sideration of the matter since has* howeTCjyletl
me to a somewhat opposite conclusion; and when
that question comes up before us I am not pre?
pared to say that I shall not be in favor of it.- It
would be a grand scheme to lay a great national
road with four tracks abreast between New York
and Washington; and I am willing to admit can-
didly thatit will be a still grander scherae,;m my
judgment, inasmuch as it must run through my
district, unless Congress should take it upon itself
to make an " air line" round us by way of Pitts-
burgh or Erie. [Laughter.]
I am the more pleased with the idea of a great
national road, inasmuch as there exist in my own
district about fifty miles of the road which the
Government would require already built. 1 al-
lude to that portion of the WestChester direct road
and the Baltimore Central road.extendingall the
way from Philadelphia in a direct line toward Bal-
timore, almost to the Susquehanna, through a
country second in productiveness to none in the
world, and densely populated by a 'thriving, in-
dustrious, and highly educated people. 1 say
that the idea is a grand one; and when the ques-
tion comes up it will require very considerable
consideration. - '
But when the thing melts down, wilts down-,
fizzles down, if you will allow the expression^ into
a mere squabble between two New Jersey corpo-
rations, it looks to me as if the Congress of the
United States had stepped down about a half a
dozen steps beneath its dignity in taking any
part in the quarrel.
Mr. Speaker, what will those gentlemen who,
with myself, are pleased with the idea of a great
national road from New York to Washington,
say to this beginning? You start at New York
and run almost to Cape May, then you turn at
right angles and run to Philadelphia, and where
you will go then with your airline it is impossi-
ble for metosay. Butitdoesstrike me that Con-
gress only raises up another, opposition to this
frand air line between Washington and New
'ork when it creates this additional new railroad
company out of two old ones. Gentleme« may
expect the report of the committee on an air line
to be met by the opposition of this elbow line
which it is now proposed to create, as well as by
that of the Camden and Amboy line. These cor-
porations are creatures of the New Jersey Legis-
lature. It is asked that we shall extend their
powers. Is it not remarkable that New Jersey
corporations, existing only by virtue of New Jer-
sey laws, when they get from the New Jersey
Legislature all the privileges they can, -should
come here and ask us to give them more?
Nov/, suppose we were to pass this act, what
will these corporations be then? Will they be
New Jersey corporations? Ido not know. "YVill
they be United States corporations? I do not
know. It strikes me that their character will be
much more amphibious than some other things
which are in the habit of being pronounced so on -
this floor. In what courts would you proceed
against these corporations? In the courts ofNew
Jersey? If so the corporations wouldsay, " We
§et our powers from the Congress of the United
tates." If you proceed against them in the courts
of the United States they will say, "We are crea-
tures of the Legislature of Newjersey." How
will you hold them to their duty ? Will they not
be something now in the history of corporations?
But again, I have said they derive their very
existence from the Legislature of New Jersey.
Let that Legislature withdraw their privileges,as
it can do to-morrow, by repealing their charters,
and what becomes of them then? There is then
no Raritan and Delaware Bay Railroad Company.
There is then no Atlantic and Camden Railroad
Company. What then becomes of our legisla-
tion? The people of New Jersey, the Camden
and Amboy Railroad Company, and the world
will laugh at us for our folly. If we want a cor-
£ oration, let us have one of our own making,
et us, if you please, have a corporation to make
a road from Washington to New York; but let
it be our corporation, amenable to our laws, with
a charter subject to modification and repeal here, x
and not m any State Legislature. Letusnotmix
up jurisdictions in the ridiculous way in which it
seems to me this bill proposes to mix up those of
New Jersey and the United States.
I have heard it said, on many occasions, that
the Camden and Amboy Railroad Company is
