1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
22S9
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. SPRAGUE, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom whs referred the bill (S. No.
210) establishing a portof entry at Washington,
District of Columbia, reported it with an amend-
ment.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affaiis and the Militia, to whom was re-
ferred a bill (S. No. 102) to establish certain post
roads, to regulate commerce among the States, and
for other purposes, asked to be discharged from its
further consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same, committee, to whom
was referred a joint resolution (S.No. 4G) to facil-
itate commercial, postal, and military communi-
cation among the several States,reported it with-
out amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of John
Hastings, praying for relief, submitted a report
accompanied by a bill (S. No. 274) for the relief
ot John Hastings. The bill was read and passed
to a second reading, and the report was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. HARLAN, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was refeired a bill (H. R.
No. 227) granting lands to the State of Michigan
for the construction of certain wagon roads for
military and postal purposes, leported 'it with
amendments.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. The Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to whom was referred a memorial
of the Legislatuie of the State of Wisconsin, in
favor of the passage of an act requiring the issue
of patents for lands purchased from the Stock-
bridge Indians in confoimity with an actapproved
March 3, 1843, and recommending the sale of all
unsold lands of the Stoekbridge reservations, and
that the price be fixed at ยง1 25 per acre, have di-
rected me to report that, m their opinion, there
is no necessity for any further legislation on the
subject, that opinion being based upon the letter
of the Secretary of the Interior and the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs, which are annexed,
which I ask to be printed as part of the report,
and the committee ask to be discharged fiom the
further consideration of the subject.
The report was agreed to; and the papers were
ordered to be printed.
BILL RECOMMITTED.
Mr. GR.IMES. A few days ago a bill (H. R.
No. 383) to incorporate the Home for Friendless
Women and Children was referred to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia. The com-
mittee reported against the propriety of passing
the bill. 1 believe that report has not been acted
upon,and I wish now to move to take up the bill
for the purpose of recommitting it to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia.
The motion to take up the bill was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 now move that the bill be
recommitted to the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
NAVAL HOSPITAL AT KITTERY.
Mr. GRIMES submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed tS:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be directed to
inform tile Senate whether any steps have been taken to
eioct :i naval hospital ;tt Kitrery, Maine, or to extend the
one plreadv there, and it' not, to state to the Senate the
reason tor the delay and ail ot the tacts and correspondence
of the Department in lelation thereto.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the House of Representatives had passed the bill
of the Senate (No. 33) to authorize the settlement
of the accountsof A. Bush,late pubheprinter for
the Territory of Oregon, and had also passed the
joint resolution of the Senate (No. 21) to provide
for the printing of official reports of the operations
of the armies of the United States, with an amend-
ment; in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate.
The message furtherannounced that the House
of Representatives had passed the following bill
and joint resolution; in which it lequested the
concurrence of the Senate:
A joint resolution (No. 49) to drop from the
rolls of the Anny unemployed generals; and
A bill (No. 27G) to secure to persons in the |
military or naval service of the United States
homesteads on confiscated or forfeited.-estates in
insurrectionary districts.
The message further announced that the House
of Representatives had agreed to the amendments
of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 185) to estab-
lish a postal money order system.
The message further announced that the House
of Representatives had agreed to the report of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the hill (H. R. No. 370)
to appoint certain officers of the Navy; and also
that it had agreed to the report of the committee
of conference on the disagreeing votes of the<two
Houses on the bill (S. No. 76) relating to appoint-
ments in the naval service and courts-martial.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message furtherannounced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
following enrolled bills; which were thereupon
signed by the President pro tempore:
"A bill (S. No. 172) concerning the disposition
of convicts in the courts of the United States, for
the subsisting of persons confined in jails charged
with violating the laws of the United States, and
for diminishing the expenses in relation thereto;
and
A.bill (H. R. No. 159) for a grant of lands to
the State of Iowa, in alternate sections, to aid in
the construction of a railroad in said State.
LIST OF GENERAL OFFICERS.
Mr. WILSON. I submit the following reso-
lution, and ask for its present consideration:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to fur-
nish the Senate a list of all geneiai officers of the regular
and volunteer forces appointed since die beginning of the
present war, with the States in winch they were born and
lioiu which they were appointed, designating also those
whoso nominations have been withdrawn from the Senate;
those negatived by the Senate; those which have expired
by constitutional limitation, not having been continued by
the Senate; and those resigned, declined, dropped, dis-
chaiged, dismissed, or mastered out of the seivice, and
those who iiave died in the service.
Mr. COWAN. I suggestto the Senator whether
it would not be better to insert in place of the
words "appointed since the beginning of the
present war" the words "now in commission
or those who have been in commission since the
commencement of the war,'' so that we shall have
a complete list.
Mr. WILSON. The word " appointed"was
used for the purpose of having it complete, to in-
clude all those ^ho have been appointed. Some
have been appointed and had commissions sent
them, which were afterwards withdrawn and their
names not sent to the Senate. I want to get an
entire list to know exactly how it stands. It can
be made up without any trouble; the records are
all in the office. It will give us that kind of in-
formation which will enable us to knowthefacts
when we are culled on here.
Mr. COWAN. The resolution onljr takes in
those appointed since the beginning of the war,
but there were some in commission before.
Mr. COLLAMER. ltevidentlydoesnotapply
to those who were in commission before the war
and have remained in since. We want them, too.
Mr. WILSON. I have no objection to putting
them in, and I will modify the lesolution to read
in this way:
Resohed, That the Rpcretaiy of War be directed to fur-
nish the Senate a list of all general officers of the regular
and volunteer torces in commission at the beginning of the
present wur or appointed since, with the Stated ill which
they were bom, &c.
The resolution, as modified, was agreed to.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The joint resolution (No. 49) to drop from the
rolls of the Army unemployed generals was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia.
REGISTRATION OF VOTERS.
On motion of Mr. HARLAN, the considera-
tion of the bill (S. No. 114) to amend section five
of an act entitled "An act to continue, alter, and
} amend the charter of the city of Washington,"
j approved May 17, 1848, and further to preserve
j the purity of elections and guard against the
I abuse of the elective franchise by a registration
! of electors for the city of Washington, in the
District of Columbia, was resumed as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, the pending question being ,
on the amendment of Mr. Cowan .to insert the'
word "white" before "male," in the third line,
of the first section.
Mr. MORRILL. Is that open to further
amendment?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is open to,
amendment.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend the see 
tion by striking out from line nine to line fifteen
the following words:
And shall have paid all school taxes and all taxes on
personal property properly assessed against him, shall be
entitled to vote for mayor, collector, register, members of
the board of aldermen and board of common council, and -
assessor, and for every officer authorized to be elected at
any election under any act or acts to which this is amend-
atory or supplementary.
And in lieu thereof to insert:
And shall within the year next preceding the election
have paid a tax, or been assessed with a pari of the revenue
of the District, county, or cities therein, or been exempt
fiom taxation hating taxable estate, and who can read and
write with facility, shall enjoy the privileges of an elector.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The Chair will
inquire of the Senator from Maine'if he proposes
to strike out the words mentioned by him in ad-
dition to the word " white"or to retain the word
"white?"
Mr. MORRILL. To strike out the word
" white."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. With this in
addition?
Mr. MORRILL. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Then it is an
amendment to the amendment, in the opinion of
the Chair, and the question is on the amendment
moved by the Senator from Maine to the amend-
ment of the Senator from Pennsylvania.
Mr. POWELL. I will ask the Senator from
Maine to explain the effect of the amendment to
the amendment. I do not understand it.
Mr. MORRILL. If the bill should be amended
as proposed it will present this case: all citizens
of the United States who have been inhabitants
of this District for one year, and resident in the
particular locality where they propose to vote for
three months next preceding the election, and who
have been assessed or who are liable to be as-
sessed, having taxable estate, and who can read
and write with facility, shall have the right of an
elector. Those are the qualifications.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
was mistaken in regard to the amendment of the
Senator from Pennsylvania. The Senator from
Pennsylvania proposes to insert the word "white"
instead of striking it out; so that the amendment
of the Senator from Maine would not be an amend-
ment to the amendment, and it will be necessary
first to dispose of the amendment of the Senator
from Pennsylvania.
Mr. COWAN. I hope that will be disposed
of, and that the amendment will be adopted. I
may state in connection with it that I should re-
gret such a.modification of it as is suggested by
the Senator from Maine; because, although the
standard which he sets up as a qualification to
vote is much less objectionable to my mind than
the one contemplated by the bill, it is still obnox-
ious to this objection: it would have the effect
in some cases of admitting negroes to the right of
suffrage, which I may say is obnoxious to the
vast bulk of the people of the border States, what-
ever it may be to those States lying upon the ex-
treme frontier, and would also prevent white men
who are unable to read and write from enjoying
that suffrage.
My principal objection to the introduction of
any-innovation at this time on this subject is the
state of the country. I think it is a wrong time
to introduce reforms, and particularly is it a
wrong time to introduce any reform which goes
to the basis of our institutions, which would strike
at the fundamental principles on which they rest.
I hope, therefore, that now this matter will be
left as we found it; and hereafter, if fortune
should favor us, we shall be better qualified and
more at liberty to make such refoims as in our
judgment we shall think best for the purpose of
securing to all men that measure of liberty which
it will be found they are entitled to enjoy, not
only with benefit to themselves but with benefit
to their fellow-men. I am willing to go as far in
this direction, I think, as anybody else; but I am
unwilling to depart in any instance from a nu-
