3210
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 23.
and expended that it has no parallel in our pre-
vious history*
Talk to iho American people to-day about
national bankruptcy and ruin! They will not
believe it. AH that is necessary to sustain na-
tional.credit is that adequate taxes should be im-
posed, economy and frugality prevail, and that
our armies shall be filled up,and we shallaccom-
plish the end, the suppression of the rebellion.
Let the resources of the country be used, be fully
and efficiently used to suppress this rebellion;
but if the necessity arise, American citizens will
rush en masse to arms to maintain the honor and
glory of our country. The idea of possible fail-
ure or exhaustion is not entertained by the loyal
masses.
Allusion has been made to the resources of
Great Britain and her ability to carry on the long
and exhaustive wars in which she has been en-
gaged. Great Britain is but a small portion of the
globe, a small island in the sea, yet we have seen
what English pluck and English determination
and persistence have done. Let us emulate her
action at some periods of her history, in standing
by the country, in imposing taxes and placing the
resources of the country, of men and money, at
the disposal of the Government, and there can be
no smt of doubt of the issue of the great contest
in which we are engaged.
Sir, the question is between maintaining the
Union and bringing to the Government all the
resources of the continent, or of vacillation and
weakness in the midst of a conflict to break up
this glorious Confederacy. The resources of this
country developed by labor, as they may be and
will be,are greater than those of the continent of
Europe.
« And I wish to call the attention of the House
for a moment to the following statement of the
resources of the country to carry on the war;
There are those who doubt whether the re-
souiees of our country are adequate to carry suc-
cessfully through the stupendous work in which
we are engaged. In reply, lot me suggest one
consideration not often adverted to. Our national
resources are, when developed, equal to those of
the whole continent of Europe. What Europe
coi*Jd do as one nation we can do when united m
one great Republic. If all Europe could pay our
national debt with ease so can we when national
unify is established. Let me illustrate this idea:
If the map of our country, extending from the
base of the Rocky mountains to the shores of the
Atlantic, were laid over the map of Europe, that
poition of the globe which for the last thousand
years has engrossed the attention of the civilized
world would be entirely covered. It would over-
spread those monarchies, empires, and nationali-
ties which for ages have been antagonistic, bel-
ligerent—the great battle-fields of Europe. The
map of the United Slates would cover the thea-
ter of the great wars which have desolated and
depopulated again and again the eastern world,
from Fiance and WaterlootoSebastopol. Human
beings by the million have been sacrificed in the
waiy ot the Fredericks, of the Louises, of the
Philips, and the Charleses, of tiie Marlboroughs,
and of the Doimpartes. Millions and millions of
treasure, wrung fioni the toil of the laboring
masses, have been expended in fortify wig frontiers
and in operations of these wars. Rivers of blood
have /lowed, so that you cannot take a day's ride
in Europe without passing overfields memoiabie
for human slaughter. Shall these scene* of butch-
ery and desolation be reonacted in our own be-
loved country? Shall this fair land, lately so
peaceful, prosperous, and happy, become disen-
thraled and broken up into fragments ? Shall the
Hudson, the Susquehanna, the Delaware, the Po-
tomac, the Ohio, and the Mississippi bristle with
fortifications? Shall the Atlantic States contend
in battle with the generous West? Shall we ever
reennct upon our fair prairies and broad lakes the
bloody pages of European history? Shall fratri-
cidal wais, with all their horrois*, theii merciless
expenditures of blood and treasuie, darken the
future pages of American history? God forbid!
Could some divine agency, a thousand years
ago, have made of Europe a great nationality, lev-
eling us dividing mountains, and mingling us j
clans into one great homogeneous people, and
made it free, virtuous, and wise enough to main-
tain unity, what untold misery would have been
prevented ! No leveling of dividing mountains
is here necessary. God in His goodness has fash-
ioned our.country, vast as it is, for unity. He
has given us ojie language, the same laws, and
one glorious flag. He has made one great na-
tionality a necessity. He has blessed us with lib-
erty. Let us second God's plans, and aid and
strengthen by every generous means the influ-
ences which shall hold us together forever.
Let our nationality be once restored and the
entire resources of the country brought to the
support of the Government, and our debt will be
discharged without ruinous taxation.
The duty of to-day is to stand firm. To-day
our duty is to fill up the ranks. To-dayour duty
is to lay taxes upon the people that our national
credit shall be maintained until the war is ended.
The other day when it was telegraphed over the
land that the President had issued his proclama-
tion for three hundred thousand more soldiers to
fill up the thinned ranks of our armies, although
it turned out to be a forgery, the business men of
Chicago, those who have spent their money like
water in raising regiments, in taking care of the
families of soldiersand in every possible way aided
the Government, cheered it upon the exchange be-
cause it indicated a determination on the part of
the Government vigorously to carry on the war
to crush out this rebellion. Every day I am re-
ceiving letters from my constituents, urging upon
Congress to take every measure to fill up the
ranks of our armies. Fill up the ranks, and suc-
cess is'within oui grasp. Recently a boy escaping
fiom the city of Richmond into our lines told us
that every man in the rebel States between fifteen
and fifty-five was pressed into the rebel ranks.
How is it here? Go to .New England; her oper-
atives are scarcely perceptibly diminished^ Travel
throughout the country, and you would scarcely
believe that such great numbers have gone to the
field when such crowds ofable-bodied men still re-
main. Talk to me about the resources of the coun-
try being exhausted ! Why sir, the wealth of the
countiy and its fighting mateiial are abundantly
able, vigorously used, to carry on the war and to
crush the rebels. Is this themoment to hesitate,
when victory and complete triumph seems with-
in our grasp? Our resources are inexhaustible,
and it only needs nerve, and determination, and
courage upon the part of the Representatives here
to enact laws which will fill up the Army, and
impose the requisite taxes, to crown the efforts pf
our armies with a glorious triumph; and I trust
this Congress will not adjourn until such a tax
bill is passed as will lestore the ciedit of the coun-
try, and such an enrollment bill shall have been
passed ns will enable the Government to fill up
the ranks, and raise all the men the necessities of
the Government may require.
One other remark only, for I am not going to
consume the time of the House by making a
speech. Up to two days ago, during all this war,
there never came a communication from the Pres-
ident and Seoretaty of War asking Congress for
men and money, or suggesting any means for
carrying on the war, that Congress has not
promptly responded to it. Nay, more, up to
that time Congress went beyond the calls of the
Executive And War Department in voting men
and money. But a few days ago the President
sent to this House a recommendation, accom-
panied by the recommendation of th.e Secretary
of War, and a statement of the Provost Marshal
General, saying that under the present system
the ranks of the Aimy cannot be filled up as
speedily as necessary, and asking Congress to
repeal the commutation clause of the law. The
House has taken the responsibility of refusing
to do that which the Government has asked at
their hands. 1 desire that every member of this
House should appreciate the responsibility of that
act. If theie aie any better ways and means of
filling up the ranks of our Army, let them be
presented and adopted. If there aie any better
ways, and if Congiess fails to adopt those ways,
and in consequcuce of such failure to fill up the
Aimy disaster comes, the responsibility of that
disaster will rest upon those who have failed to
adopt them, and who have also failed to carry out
the recommendation of the President and Secre-
tary of War, those who have the responsibility
of carrying on the war.
Mr. KERNAN, 1 desire information, and I
ask the gentleman, on this practical measure, what
is the recommendation of those who have charge
of carrying on the Government? Which bill is
the right one, of the two bills before us?
Mr. ARNOLD. The question of the gentle-
man is not in regard to fining up the ranks of the
Army, but in reference to a bill upon which I am
not now remarking. I was making a general
statement in regard to the necessity of filling up
the Army, as well as in regard to sustaining the
credit of the country. For the answer which tho
gentleman desires l refer him to the Committee
of Ways and Means. &
Mr. KERNAN. They differ about it.
Mr. ARNOLD. The gentleman's question is
not germane to what I am saying. From the
Ways and Means the gentleman must seek an
answer to his question.
Mr. GANSON asked a question in regard to
this mode of getting men which was not heard
by the reporter.
Mr. ARNOLD. I expect and believe if you
repeal the exemption clause you will get men
more rapidly than heretofore. I expect this be-
cause those charged with the execution of this
law so advise us. I vote to repeal the commuta-
tion clause because the armies must be filled upt
and those having the responsibility advise that as
the most efficient means of doing it. I can very
well understand the vote of those who, voting
against that repeal, say they do not desire to fill
up the ranks, that they are for peace on any
terms. Those gentleman upon this floor who de-
sire to have the war ended without further fight-
ing, who wish to see our armies withdrawn from
the field and to obtain peace on any terms, if such
there are, I can understand their votes, and it
seems to me their votes upon the proposition are
consistent with their views. They do not wish
to send any more soldiers to the field, and to with-
draw those already there, and therefore they vote
against the repeal. But my friends upon this side
of the House who voted for continuing the com-
mutation will undoubtedly present some propo-
sition which they deem better calculated to fill up
the ranks to enable us to carry on the war to a
successful termination. The ranks of the Army
must be filled up, and the credit of the Govern-
ment sustained, and I trust this House will not
adjourn until these objects shall have been suc-
cessfully accomplished. If we do, we assume a
fearful responsibility.
Mr. PRUYN. I wish to inquire whether the
amendment submitted by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania comes from him as chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, or whether it
is his individual proposition.
Mr. STEVENS. It is my own individual
proposition. 1 did not submit it to the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means. For three years 1 have
been of this opinion and the committee have been
agamst me.
Mr. PRUYN. Then,as I understand the mat-
ter, the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Hooper,] representing the Committee of Ways
and Means, introduces the pending bill as a meas-
uie recommended by the Government, and which
he asks this House to pass accordingly. Am I
right in this?
Mr. HOOPER. I was instructed to report this
bill by the Committee of Ways and Means unani-
mously, with the exception of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] the chair-
man, and I think the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Mallory.J There wete no other dissent-
ing voices.
Mr. PRUYN. Then 1 understand, or per-
haps I ought to say I infer, from what the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts has said that it is a
bill which meets the approval of the financial
head of the Government, the Secretary of the
Treasury.
Mr. HOOPER. I have already stated that
this bill was prepared at the Treasury Depart-
ment.
Mr. PRUYN. I had forgotten that. I now
rccollect it.
Mr. Chairman, the debate of to-day has'
been, in many respects,one of the most signifi-'
cant, if not the most so, of any which has oc-'
cuiied this session. The charm seems at last to
have been broken, and gentlemen on the opposite
side of the House have come to the conclusion,
at least some of them have, that events are staling
us m the face which we ought to consider most
carefully and deliberately; and that some of the
