THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. EIVES, WASHINGTON, 1). C.
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 1st Session.
SATURDAY, JUNE 25, 1864.
New Series.....No* 2021
views, at least, which have been put forward on
this side of the House, and by gentlemen through-
out the country who hold the views that we do,
are worthy of the most serious consideration.
Mr. A. MYERS. 1 would ask the gentleman
what he means by saying that the views enter-
tained by gentlemen opposite are now expressed
or entertained by members upon this side of the
House.
Mr. PRUYN. I do not wish to go over the
whole discussion. That is the inference I have
drawn from it. The gentleman may draw an-
other if he thinks any other can be drawn.
Mr. A. MYERS. Have gentlemen on the other
side of the House ever taken the position which
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means now takes?
Mr. PRUYN. I do not refer especially to
what the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means has said. I refer to agreatdeal which
has been said by other gentlemen upon the oppo-
site side of the House.
I will look at the proposition of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] foramoment.
I understand it to be opposed, not because it is
wrong in itself, not because the Government should
not under any circumstances borrow money on
these terms, but because there are other obliga-
tions of the Government outstanding which it is*
insisted are all payable in coin, both principal and
interest, and that this will be creating a species of
debt which we ought not to initiate, especially in
the present condition of our financial affairs. If
the Government were asking for nothing eU-e than
this amount, if there were no other obligations of
the Government in tin- mai ket, the proposition of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, ifenacted into
a law, would undoubtedly at once be accepted
by many capitalists who would be glad with the
present depieciated currency to make an invest-
ment by which at some future period they would
be certain to receive coin in place of currency for
the full amount invested. We all know what
has been the inquiry for a year or two past in re-
gard to investments. Every person, when con-
su!tcdt lias advised his neighbor to buy long
bonds, those payable twenty or thirty years
henct-, with the hope that when they mature spe-
cie payments will have been resumed, and that
they will receive the principal of the debt m coin.
The remai ks of gentlemen upon the other side
are based, as I understand them, upon the idea
that the principal of all the United States bonds
now outstanding are payable in com, and I there-
fore asked the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Spald-
ing] the question which I propounded to him a
while ago, for the purpose ofasoertammg whether
the Treasury Department had come to any defi-
nite conclusion as to the mode of payment of the
five-tWenty bonds. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania claimed thatunder the act of 186*2, in pur-
suance of which the five-twenty bonds were is-
sued, the principal of those bonds is not payable
in com, and that inasmuch as the Government
had departed in that instance from the principle
of paying everything in coin, there could be no
objection on that scoieto his proposition to pay
interest in currency. He claims that under the
act of 180*2 the Gove rnment agreed to pay the in-
terest in coin and the principal in anything it
pleased which it might call an equivalent. He
now proposes to reverse that, and make the in-
terest payable in paper and the principal m coin.
So far as the construction of the act of 1SG^ is
concerned, my impression is that the gentleman
fiorn Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] isnght. The
act ofJ8G2 contains w i tit in itself declarations, and
inferences ate to be drawn fiom it, by which it
would s-'em that Congress did intend to make a
distinction between the payment of interest and
the payment of puncipal, reserving the right to
pay the principal as it pleased; that is. either in
coin or in what is ca'led lawful money, it is not
necessary now, even were there time, to go into
an analysis of the act of 186:2. This view is much
strengthened by the fact that the bill for the ten-
forties contains an express proviso that both prin-
cipal and interest shall be payable in coin, mak-
ing a clear distinction, so far as the language of
the two acts is concernedbetweon the ten-forty and
the five-twenty bonds.
I looked somewhat at this point a short time
since when called upon by a member of the
House, who inquired of me whether I was aware
of any difference in the character of the two is-
sues, with the view of determining whether the
five-twenties at a premium or the ten-forties at
par were the better investment. It then seemed
to me that in view of the phraseology of the two
statutes the ten-forties were to be preferred, be-
cause as to them there could be no question. It
has now, however, been announced by the gentle-
man from Ohio that the Secretary of theTrcasury
holds that the five-twenties are also to be paid m
coin.
But, Mr. Chairman, the question as to what
should be done fairly rests with those who rep-
resent the Administration on this floor. In n
very brief speech which I made on a former occa-
sion, i undertook to point out the great financial
errors which 1 believed the Administration had
commuted m the outset of the war. I do riot
propose now to repeat what 1 then said; but re-
flection on the subject and the opinions of those
in whose judgment I have gnjat confidence have
fully confirmed me in the belief that the views 1
then presented to the House wore entirely sound.
But a different policy having been pursued by the !
Administration, we arc now launched on an open !
sea of debt, of paper money, of-obligations of all
kinds, both near and remote, to a feai ful amount;
nor are we on this side of the House in a position
to control the matter. It is a question which the
friends of the Administration have the power to
decide, and no doubt wiil decide as they deem to
be most judicious.
1 did not expect this debate to-day, nor did I
come here prepared to engage in it by offering
any substitute lor the hill, nor should 1 have had
the slightest hope, after what has occurred on the
floor of the House during thi3 session, that any
financial plan coming from this side of the House
could have met with any favor from the friends
of the Administration. Ho.wever mueh gentle-
men on the other side may differ among them-
selves in their viewsof men and of things, we on
this side know that whenever any question has
come up understood to be an Administration
measure the other side of the House hay always
been a unit.
I am therefore of opinion, Mr. Chairman, that
the pionosition of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Stevens,] however objectionable for
some reasons, is not so mall the lights in which it
has been viewed by these who have opposed it.
Rut it has been claimed that it would interfere
with the purposes of the Administration in rais-
ing men and money to carry on the war, in which
we, on this side, have unifotmly eiyJeavored not
in any way to embariass the Government. We
theref'oie have a right to look to the Administra-
tion side of the House to inform us definitely
which of the plans proposed meets their favor,
and winch they deem to be most conducive to the
interests of the country.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the committee do
now ur>e for the purpose of closing debute.
Mr. HOLMAN. ' i hope the gentleman will
withdraw that motion to enable me to an
amendment.
Mr. WILSON. I withdraw for that purpose,
although 1 desire that the vote shall be imme-
diately taken.
Mr. HOLMAN. I submit the amendment
which 1 indicated before.
Mr. WILSON. I now renew my motion.
! The motion was agreed to.
So the committee lose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Boutwell r< ported^ihat
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had had under consideration Houae bill
No. 540, to provide ways and means for the sup-
port of the Government,and had come to no con-
clusion thereon.
ENROLLED ItESOLUTION.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled,
Bills, repotted that the committee had examined
and found truly enrolled a joint resolution (H^
R. No. 95) authorizing the Secretary of the Navy
to amend the contract with John Ericsson for the
construction of two impregnable floating batteries,
the Dictator and the Puritan; when the Speaker
signed the same.
LOAN BILh—AGAIN.
Mr. HOOPER. Before moving to go into com- ,
mittee, I move that all general debate upon the
loan bill be terminated in five minutes after the
committee shall resume its consideration.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER. 1 now move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the Houee
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Boutwejll in the
chair,) and resumed the consideration of the bill
ofthe House (No. 540) to provide ways and means
for the support of the Government, and for other
purposes; the question being on the adoption of
Mr. Holman's amendment.
On the adoption ofthe amendment 50 voted in
the affirmative and 59 in the negative.
Mr. HOLMAN called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Holman
and Higby were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 58, noes 73.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
The question then recurred on the adoptionof
Mr. Stevens's amendment.
Mr. HOOPER. I will suggest to the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania that he strike out the
clause from the twenty-sixth to the thirtieth line
as follows:
And ti e Seeietmy of the TVafeury may dispose of sucli
bonds, or any part thereof, in the United SaiU'si, or, If h«
shall find it expedient, in Kuiope, at any time, oa bucIi
terms an lie may deem most advisable, tor l/twlul money of
tlte United States, or, nt Ins discretion, for Treasury notes,
ceuifimetioHftdeUtednesSjOr certificates ofdepositissued
under any act ot Congiess.
The satpe provision is made in the third sec-
tion of the bill.
Mr. STEVENS. That is true,and I will strike
it out.
Mr. HOOPER. I will suggest, also, that in
the ninth line he strike out " twenty" and insert
"five;" so as to make it read, " redeemable, at
the pleasure of the Government, after any period
.not less than five nor more than thirty yeais."
Mr. STEVENS. I believe that long bonds
always sell better than short ones, but inasmuch
as the Secretary of the Treasury thinks other-
wise, I am willing to accommodate my amend-
ment to his wishes in that respect, and will strike
out 44 twenty" and insert " five," although I am
informed by gentlemen who know a groat deal
more about thi« matter than I do, for 1 Ifttvo had
no money to invest in bonds, that people will
much more readily invest their money in long
I bonds.
Mr. HOOPER. Now, if the gentleman will
tS insert in tliefifteenth line, after the words "e'-mi*
I annually," the woids " in coin," I will then very
I'heetfuHy support his amendment. The clause
; would then lead:
i! And said b<mdt<: hull be of such denomination* as the
!' Secretiny ot the Tiea^uiy thai! Uirccf, not le>s than fifty
'i dollar*, and bear au annua! interest not exceeding eight
1' per cent., payable .semi-annually in com.
Mr. STEVENS. That would biing it right
I' buck to the unburn! bill; however, if. the gentle-
ji man desites to" offtr it as an amendment to my
amendment, let him do it, and the vote upon it
; will determine whether the House desire to adopt
;! my amendment or not.
it Mr. HOOPER. I would then support the gen-
ii tleman'a amendment very willingly.
|! Mi'. STEVENS. Then I understand that the
