3218
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 24,
gentleman would be willing to pay eightper cent,
interest in coin.
Mr. HOOPER, Not at all. It would read
" not exceeding eight per cent.," leaving it at the
discretion of the Secretary of the Treasury. I
will, however, modify my amendment by striking
out ** eight" and inserting 44 six."
Upon the adoption of the amendment to the
amendment, 61 voted in the affirmative and 64 in
the negative.
Mr. HOOPER demanded tellers.
^Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Thayer and
Holman were appointed.
MESSAGE FROM THE SEX ATE.
The committee hero informally rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, a message
fiom the"*Senate was received by Mr. Forney,
their Secre'ary, informing the House that the
Senate have passed a bill and joint resolutions of
the following tiilos, with amendments; in which
he was directed to ask the concurrence of the
House:
An act (H. R. No. 532) to establish certain post
roads;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 68) authorizing the
Secretary of the Treasury to release certain goods
from the payment of duties; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 39) for the relief of
Alexander Cross.
Also, that the Senate have disagreed to the
amendments of the House to the bill of the Sen-
ate (No. 138) to regulate proceedings between
landloid and tenant in the District of Columbia,
ask a confeienoe with the House on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses thereon, and have ap-
pointed Mr. Mourill, Mr. Harlan, and Mr.
Henciucils the committee of conference on then*
part.
Also, that the Senate insist on their amend-
ments disagreed to by the House to the bill of the
House (No. 495) to amend the charter of the
Washington and Georgetown Railroad Company,
agree to the conference asked by the House on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon,
and have appointed Mr. Wade, Mr. Willhy,
and Mr. Riddle the committee of conference on
their p<nt.
Also, that the Senate have agreed to the report
of theeommittee of conference on the disagieemg
votes of the two Houses on the bill of the Senate
(No. 55) in relation to the circuit court in and
for the district of Wisconsin, and for other pur-
poses.
Theeommittee then resumed its session, and
proceeded again to the consideration*of tho
LOAN BILL.
The committee divided; and there were—ayes
72, noes 51.
So the amendment was adopted.
Mr, DAVIS, of New York, moved to insert in
section thirteen, line twenty, after the word " me-
dium" the woids 4< with the intention of assimi-
lating the same to the notes, bonds, or other iep-
re^enta lives of value issued by the United States."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER moved that the committee iiso.
The motion was a;;ieed to.
So the committee rose; and ihe Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr, Houtwkll reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had the Union
generally^ under consideration, and particularly
House bill No. 540, to provide ways and moans
for the support of the Government, and for other
purposes; and had directed him to report the
same back to the House with sundry amendments.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and found
tt uly emolieii a bill and joint resolutions of the
following titles; when the Speaker signed the
same:
An net (TT. R. No. 545) to amend an act enti-
tled <kAn act to provide for the payment of horses
and other property destroyed in the military ser-
vice of tlie United States;"
Joint resolution (II, R. No. 107) for the relief
of Mnj or Morris S. Miller, of the quartet master's
department; and
-Joint resolution (H. R. No. 87) amendatory
of an act tu pi ovule for the deficiency in the
appropriation for this pay of officers and men
actually employed in the Western department or
department of Missouri. -
LOAN BILL—AGAIN.
Mr. HOOPERdemanded the previous question
on the loan bill and the amendmentsof the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
" The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The question first recurred on the amendment
of the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union adopted on motion of Mr. Stevens.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois, demanded the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken;and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 59, nays 81, not voting 42; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. William J. Allen, Anderson, Baily, Au-
gustus C. Baldwin, Baxter, Blair, Blow, Boyd. Biooks,
Broonmll, Wtiham G. Brown, Cole, Dawson, benison,
Donnelly, Eden, Eldiulge, Farnswortb, Gnder, Hauling,
Benjamin G. Harris, ILcby, Holman, Hotchkiss, A&aliel
W. iiubbaid, Ingersoll, Piiilip Johnson, William Johnson,
Kalbflelseh, Knapp,Lnw, Loan, Loo;;, Marcy, McAllister,
MeCluig, McDowell, William H.Miller, Mooihead, James
it. Moiri>, Mori ison,Amos, Myers. John O'Neill, Orth,Rob-
m-son, Ro-s, Wcott, tiliannon, John B. Steele, Stevens,
Sweat, Thayer, Van Valkerifour< !i, Whaloy, Wheeler,
Chilton A. YViute, Joseph W, White, Wilson, and Win-
lield—59
NAYri—Mest-rs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Ancona, Arnold.
A^hlev, John D. Baldwin, Bcaman, Bl.une, Boutwell, Ain-
bi o^e W. Clnik, Freeman Clat lee, C\>l)b,Cieswell, Thomas
T. Davis., L)a\ve>, Dixon, Dri-re>, Eckiey, Edgerfon, Eliot,
English, Fen ton, Fiaelc, Finnk, Gannon, Gatlield, Gooeh,
Gu^vold, Hale, derrick, Hooper, John IJ. liubbaid, IIul-
luud, Ji'iH'kfis, Jul inn, Kelley. Francis W. Kellogg, Oilando
Kellogg, Kernan, Knox, Longyear, Marvin, MeBride, Sarn
uel L«\ x\J iller, Moirill,Dpmei Morris, Leonard Myers,Noble,
Norton, Odell, Charles O'Neill, Patterson, Pendleton, I'er-
ham, Pike, Pomeroy, Price, Pruyn, Radford, Samuel J.
Randall, John II. Rice, Edward II. Rollins, James S. Itol-
lins,Seheuck, Scofield, Sloan, Smithers, Spalding,'William
G. Steele, Stiles, Strouse, Stuart, Upson, Ward, Elihu B.
Wd<hhmnc, William B. Wa.-hbuin, Webster, Williams,
Benjamin Wood, and Fernando Wood—81.
NOT VOTING—Messiri. James C. Allen. Bliss, Brandc-
gee, James 8, Brown, Chanler, Clay, Coftroth, Cok, Cra-
veiH, llemy Winter Davis, Dcnutig, burnout, Gnnnell,
Hall, ILunngiOn, Chailes M. Iiairi<, Hatching, Ka^on,
King, Lazeai, Le Blond, Lutlejohn, M.illoiy, Melndoe.
McKtnney, Middh'ton, Nelson, P«m ry, William H. Tt mdall,
Alcxandei II. Rice, l\OL'fJis,Smith, Starr,Ktebbin-i,Thomas,
Traey, VooilH-ec, Waihwoith, Wilder, Wiudoin, Wood-
bridge, and i'eanian—42.
So the amendment was non-concurred in.
During the vote,
Mr. ASHLEY stated that Mr. Wilder was
paired with Mr. J. C. Allen.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
Mr. W ASH BURN E, of Illinois, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the amendment was
rejected; and aWo moved that the motion to re-
consider be laid on the table.
The latter motion way-agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. What hast become of the
amendments to the first section of the hill relative
to the taxation of these bonds for State and muni-
cipal purposes?
The SPEAKER. When that section was
stucken out they fell as a matter of course.
The question next recurred on Mr. Pomkroy's
amendment.
Mr. POMEROY demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 44, nays 81, not voting 57;
as follows:
YCA^ —Messrs. Ancona, Augustus C. Baldwin, Brooks,
William G. Biown, Fieeman Cl.uke, Coffioth, Cole, Cia-
vrns. Cresweil, Dawes,, Dawson, Edgeunn, English. Fains-
Width, G.ne-ou, (Jri-Avnld, lUmngton, Ileniok, Holman,
Hotehkias Jenoke-., Kalbfleixeh, Kernan, Law, Marcy,
Samuel F. Miller, James It. Morris, Morrison, Nelson, Odeti,
Pik'*. Poturnn , Pi iu\ I1! uj n. Jaine> S. Uolhns, }{n.s«, rico-
lii'lil. John B. Steele, Thayer,\ an Vaikeiihurgli,William B.
VVas-libmit, Whalej, Wheelei, and Wilson—44.
A'AVS—Me?-M--.'Vv'il!iaiu J. Allen, Alley, Alison, Ames,
Arnold, A-lilt'y, LJailv, John D. Ciildwui, Baxter, Beainan,
Biair, Blow, BoutweH, Boyd, Broontail, James S. Biown,
Auibio-oW. Cl.il k,C obb,Thomas T. Davis, Denison,I)ixoti,
Donnelis, D.ej-Hf, lldcn, Eliirid e, Eliot, Fiarik, Gooch,
II.lie. Hauling, IJi'iij imin G. ILniK, Hooper, Amabel W.
i luhbaid. John II Hiibb.ud.lluiimid. Finhp Johnson,Julian,
Iveiley, Fianei^V\ . lu'llogg. Oilando Kellogg. Ivnapp, Knox,
Lii.it), Lmij:, Longveai, McAllister. 3IeKride, McC'luig,
William II. Miller, Mom liead, M on ill. D.unul Mortis, Aitkjs
M\« rs.Lr*oi,ai(l M\ ei.Noble,\oiton,C1iiariedO'Neill, John
(>'XeiH, Drtli, Perbam, John H, Hiec, ^Uienek, Shannon,
Slout, Snmhei-,, Spaliiing, William G. Steele, Steven>,
Stile^,ration -e, Siuait,'1'iaey. Up-on, Eh!m 15. Wa.vhhunie,
Web?.tei, \Viiliam>, Wnunna, Wiuiield, Butnanint Wood,
and Fctnnmto \Vood~81.
OUTVOTING — Mes^r^. James C. Alien, Anderson,
Blame, Biibs, Braudegye,Chanler,^'lay,Cox,flei.iy Wmtei
n.-mv, Firming. Dmnoiit, Eekley, fennm, Fmek, Garfield,
Gilder. Grinnell, Hall, CharlesM". Harrlf, Higbv, Ilmcbins,
Ingersoll, William Johnson, Kasson, King, Lazear, Le
Blond, Littlejohu, Mnllory, Marvin, MeDowell,- Melndoe,
MeKiiniev, Middlemn, Paircwon, Pendleton, Perry, Rad-
ford, Samuel J. Randall, William H. Randall, Alexander
H Rice, Robinson, Rogers, Edward II. Roll ins,Seoit,>milh,
Starr, Stebbins, Sweat, Thomas, Voorliees, Wad^worlh,
Ward, Clnltoh A.White, Joseph W. White,Wilder, Wood-
bridge, and Yeaman—57.
So the amendment was rejected.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection the
question will be taken on the remaining amend-
ments in gross, unless a separate vote is desired
upon some of them.
Mr. HOOPER. I desire a separate vote upon
the amendment to the thirteenth section, in lines
seventeen and eighteen, which was to strike out
the words " or device with green ink, or with
any green color or pigment."
The question was taken, and the amendment
was not agreed to.
The remaining amendments reported from the
Committee of the Whole were agreed to in gross.
The bill was thenoidered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. HOOPER demanded the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill. ^
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put,
Mr. GANSON demanded the yeas and nays
upon the passage of the bill,
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The Gill was passed.
Air. HOOPER moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LANDLORD AND TENANT BILL.
Mr. WILSON. The Senate has non-con-
curred in the amendments of the House to the bill
of the Senate No. 138, in relation to landlords
and tenants in the District of Columbia. I ask
unanimous consent to take that bill fiom the
Speaker's table in order that the House may in-
sist upon its amendments and agree to the com-
mittee of conference asked f«>r by the Senate.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 ask the gentleman to allow
that to lay over until morning.
And then, on motion ofMr. DAWSON, (atfive
o'clock and fifteen minutes, p. m.,) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE. .
Friday, June 24, 1864.
Prayer by Rev. B. H. Nadal, of Washington,
District of Columbia.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, and by unani-
mous consent, the reading of the Journal was dis-
pensed with.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented the
petition of Adam Gurowski, praying that the horse
cars in the city of Washington may be allowed to
run on Sundays; which was oidered to lie on the
table.
Mr. SUMNER presented four petitionsofmen
and women of the United States, praying for the
abolition of slavery, and such an amendment of
the Constitution as will forever prohibit its exist-
ence in any portion ofthe Union; which were re-
ferred to tiie select committee on slavery and
freedmen.
Mr. HARRIS presented a memorial of mas-
ters m the Navy not in the line ofpromotion, and
attached to navy-yards, praying to be placed on
the same pay with acting masters drawing sea
pay; which was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. HENDRICKS, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom were referred the memorial of
George H. Plant and the memorial of Francis I,
, Brooke, asked to be discharged from their further
i, consideration; which was agreed to.
ij Mr. HALE, from the Committee on Naval
jt Affairs, to whom was referred the memorial of
ij contractors and builders of the side-wheel gun-
j! boats known as double-enders, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration, and that
ji it be referred to the Court of Claims; which was
j< agreed to.
I! He also, from the same committee, to whom
