THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBl.
January 15,
to provide for the appointment by the War De-
partment of a commission to proceed to the west-
ern departments, and to examine into all these
claims. That commission was,appointed, com-
posed of tfiree or four very competent &rid able
ge'ritleVneti, so far as I know, and they examined
into the claims and reported the amount due,
reaching I think to the sufh of |sbb,000.
„ It is true, at the time ,of .the passage of the act
I did not think it would take such an amount of
money; but k turns out that the paymasters in
the western departments paid none of those troops
at all*, and the fahole of them were left to be paid
under that bill. After it was,introduced into Con-
gress'they refused tcfjay any whatever, and re-
mitted the whole matter to the commission that
•&asf appointed uitder the act of Congress. So
fair as I am advised, they have acted with a great
deal of prudence and discretion, and they report
that they have^ rejected a large number of those
claims. How that is I cannot tell. Their report
is here, and if any Senator desires it, it may be
read. It was carefully examined in the House,
as I understand. It was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs in the Senate, and the
Senator from Indiana [Mr. Lane] has examined
it carefully in connection with the report of the
commission, and he telJs me it is a bill that ought
to bo passed.
Mi*. JOHNSON. Does the bill appropriate
only the amount awarded by the commission?
Mr. HENDERSON. It is only fortheamount
awarded.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 do notknow anything
about this bill} hut I should like to inquire of the
Senator from Missouri if it has any connection
with a bill which was passed some time ago on
his motion, where an exhibit was made of the
number of troops it would cover, I think amount-
ing to about twenty-five hundred. I remember
that he showed me a reportat the time we passed
some bill in relation to the Western department,
showing precisely how many troops were to be
Eaid; and according to my recollection the num-
er was about twenty-five hundred.
Mr. HENDERSON. I have no recollection of
having shown the Senator any such report; but
perhaps his rocollcction on the subject is better
than mine. If he will recall to my memory at
what time and under wlmt circumstances I did
so, I may remember it. I could not have pre-
sented twenty-five hundred as the number of home
guards in the State of Missouri, because I was
perfectly aware that they amounted to a greatdeal
more than that from the number of regiments
there were in the servicc. We have had various
propositions-here in regard to Missouri troops,
arid perhaps the Senator has confounded some
other measure with this one. Surely under no
circumstances could I have been so much mis-
taken in regard to the number of troops that were
employed by General Lyon and by General Fre-
mont m the whole Western department, includ-
ing the States of Missouri, Iowa,and Kansas, as
to state it at twenty-live hundred. However, I
know nothing about this subject except what I
obtain from information furnished to me fiom
time to time from theWVstern department by mil-
itary men who were engaged in this service. I
never knew anything of it myself exccpt simply
the fact that large numbers of meritorious men,
many of whom lost their lives, rendered the ser-
vice and never have been paid up to this day in
consequence of the mere informality in their mus-
tering rolls.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The troops of Kan-
sas who served in the same way that ihe troops
of Missouii served, have been paid by the action
of Congress. -I know that these troops served,
and served gallantly, and I hope there will be no
hesitation in paying them.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Whatcommittce did this
bill come from ? Has it been to the Committee
on Military Affairs ?
Mr. HENDERSON. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is a House bill
reported by the Committee on Military Affairs.
Air. GRIMES. I desire to offer an amend-
ment. I propose to insert after the woid ''valid"
in the sixteenth line the words "such payments
to be made by paymasters of the United Stales
Aimy;" so as to ihiect that this money ^hall be
paid in the tegular order of business, and under
the superintendence and control of officers who
are under bonds to perform their duty properly
to the Government.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think that will make it
more expensive.
Mr. GRIMES. Oh, n6; it eannot.
Mr. HENDERSON. I will suggest to tire Sen-
ator from Iowa-that the payments under this bill
could not be otherwise made than by regular pay-
masters.
Mr. GRIMES. Then there can be no e&rthly
objection to the amendment.
- Mr. HENDERSON. None whatever, except
that there is no necessity for it.
The VICE PRESIDENT put the question on
the amendment, and declared ihat the ayes ap-
peared to have it.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I ask for a division.
Mr. BROWN. I think it very likely that this
bill will have to go hack to the House anyhow.
For one, I am in favor of the adoption of the
amendment, because I have already heard can?
vassed the idea of getting up a new set of pay-
masters to do this work, and I think we have
plenty of paymasters in the service now.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I withdraw the call
for a division.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HENDERSON. I wish to submit a mo-
tion to strike out the second proviso of the bill,
and upon that point I send to the desk a memo-
rial which will state the grounds why it should
be done.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The words pro-
posed to be stricken out will be read.
The Secretary read the proviso, as follows:
Provided further, however, That any person holding a
power of attorney authorizing the receipt by him of the
amount to be paid to any officer or soldier may, upon making
and tiling an nlliilavit to the effect ihat he is acting in the
premises purely as agent, without persona! interest, and
that lie will pay over the amount received either to the sol-
dier or (in his ab.-eneo) to his wife or children, for their
benefit, be entitled to leceivc such amount.
Mr. HENDERSON. I now desire the Secre-
tary to read the memorial I send to the desk. It
states the facts on which my m.otion is founded.
The Secretary"read, as follows:
To the honorable Members of the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States from 'Missouri:
The undersigned desiic most respectfully to call your
consideiation to the incoipoianng of what is known and
called the Cox amendment, in the bill recently passed in the
lower House, making appropriation tor the paying off of the
home guard claims of Missouri, and to slate our convic-
tion and knowledge of the great injustice which must
necessarily aeenie to innocent parties, while we cannot
perceive the least benefit or advantage resulting to any
one.
We submit that in nur opinion nine tenths of the whole
of the home guard claims arc held by the original parties,
while a few, in order to jaise the necessary daily subsist-
ence lor their families—caused by the delay 01 failure of an
eaily appmpriation—have dKpri^ed of their claim® on the
mo-a advantageous term> to themselves, a }aige ifbrtion of
which have been received at par by merchants, who sub-
sisted the families of the soldiers while doing their duty in
the field ; and many liberal minded agents have advanced
money in part of these claims, vvi£h no other compensation
than the ordinary intrreM of ten pei cent, per annum, and
such fees were agreed upon for the prosecution of said
claims, and with no other -ecurify for the money advanced
than the ouhnnry power ot attorney lor the collection of
the f-ame ; while many other.* haw purchased thes«e claims
at from seventy-five to ninety cent- on the dollai, and. in
many instances, the puiehaser will uotieahze moie than
the ordinary interest on his investment. And wc know of
many instances where the put chalet will not realize m\ per
cent, per annum on hi* inve>tment. White we would guaid
against the gieat injustice tothepurchasci, we would not he
blind to the interest ot the soldiers holding the claims, who
have labored, and toiled, and offered then hves as a sacri-
fice on the altar of their country.
To them itpre«em? other hardships and serious incon-
veniences which, if it become-? a law, must nece&^aiilv
depnve many o! the benefits- of their just duo*; as in thou*-
saiuU of in-umces the claims itin from fifteen dollars to
fifty dollars, nu<l whole companies have joined in powers
of attorney to agents to collect and account for them at
ten per cent. Ifnesvpowetsof attorney and new affidavits
have in each case to be made out, it will subject the par-
ties to a cost of fiom twenty to thirty pei cent., depending
upon the amount of each claim; and as each party cannot
personally be prevent, a> a matter ot cojn=e new powers of
attorney and affidavit? mutt of a neee.ssity be made.
Some of these men have since joined the service and
been killed in battle; and their families arc looking foi this
small income to telieve their pressing wants.
Many who have di^po-eil ot then- claims have removed
to diflerent f-tatcsand section? of the countiy.
We fu tl,r,i sn^g 'irt that u is> placing an unncccssaiy and
om'tous ic^tuction upon thou u^hi- us citizen*-, which
oiiL'ht not and never should ho toleiatcd by Ameucan
legislation. J
And we would furUierre^pcctfullyasklhatthe honorable
member- will u-e ?ueh exertions .is, in their supeiioi jud: -
ii incut, may defeat the lucoipor.iuon of&uchpoitioiiool this
amendment as will operate to the injustice of your con-
stituency.
Most" respectfully, your obedient servants,
• T. S. Rutherford, E. W, Fox.
E. G. Prgtt, H. I." Loring & Co.,
John H. Bowen & Co., Edwin Fowler,
M. S. Mepluun & Bro., John V. Metier,
C. A. Stewart, John Brother,
Daniel VV. Wheeler, A. C. Haynes,
Russell, Hays & Co., Felix Coste,
Robert S. Whitney, j. B. WUeox,
G. R. Taylor, E. S. Polkiroska,
Johu II. Crane, . "J. II. Farrar,
P, u, Jones, James M. Crawford,
Garret Anderson, C. G. Helfenstein,
Edward K  Swann, T. B. Waldraw,
H. Stagg, " II. I. Cos,
J. G. Martin, , Torltna & Jorgensen,
John I>. I). Torlina, • Henry Lyon,
Leopold Colbrun, F. Brennen,
Grams, Cornet & Co,,. Joseph *Ierrmann,
Gerhard B. Bockenkamp) Peter Smith,
R. Bockhoff, McCutcheon & Williams
G. W. Hoke, Win. C, Shirley,
James Coff, JErfort & Petring,
S. W, Biebinger, Edward Simons,
Richaid Weber, Casper Stolle, .
Frcdeiiek II. Krite, F. W. Henschcn,
UT. W, Rosenthal,. Jacob Endors,
Buslnnann, Bro. & Co., G. A. W. Augst,
John Grether, F. E. Schmieding & Co.,
C.L. Holthaus, Henry Block,
Wissmann •& Senden, Westerman & Meier,
G. Bohm, J. Q,. Adams Fritchey,
H. Farmer, L. Cafarata,
J. G. McLellen, C. F. F. Farmer, M. D.,
J. A. Hart, N. C. Defriez,
S..F.Thayer, . Alex. Seely,
Samuel Hill, Wm. Cox,
James Hale, J. II. Leedom,
A. W. Doniphan, Jos. Hockhein,
P. M. Pmckard, R. H. O'Brien, M. D.,
C. Jillallet, Julius Hutawa,
II. Kleinschmidt & Bro., A. L. Scott,
Wm. F. Meyer, Charles Linberger,
Gu'tav flocbeT, August Flucka,
Louis Woif, Henry Schwickhardt,
Wm. S. Field, Richard A. Barret,
Aylet Buekuer, Thomas Cuddy,"
L. Starr Hoyt, M. Mandle,
Wm. Wilson, Charles Levy,
Edmund P. Walsh, J. C. Dubuque,
Miller,.Schluter & Co., Keith & Woods,
Wm. H. S. Miller, M. J. Murphy,
Leonaid Matthews.
Ma\ HENDERSON. That memorial was sent
to me. Iu regard .to the truth of the statements
contained in it I know nothing. 1 -know some of
the merchants who signed it. They are mostly
confined to the city of St. Louis. My colleague
is much better acquainted with the character of
those gentlemen than I am. I know some of them,
and I know them to be very honorable and high-
minded gentlemen and good merchants. There
are many of the firms mentioned that I do not
know, there are some sixty or seventy in all, I
think. My colleague can state what he knows
in reference to them. I know nothing about the
merits of the amendment that I have submitted.
If they have advanced money upon the claims,
and the statements made by them be true, the
amendment ought to be adopted. If, on the other
hand, any amount of speculation has taken place
in these claims in Missouri, or in Iowa, or else-
where, it ought not to bo adopted. That is toy
opinion. 1 have felt it incumbent on me, after
having received the communication, to lay it be-
fore the Senate and let them be heard. My col-
league is better acquainted with the character of
the men, and I hope he will state the facts. I be-
lieve that the memorial is in his hands and that
he has examined the matter.
Mr. BROWN. I have been informed by Rep-
resentatives in the other House that this provis-
ion was placed upon the bill without due consid-
eration. That it will operate as an injustice to
some parties, I am satisfied. Ilow far'the'gen-
eral tenor of its operation may be right or wrong,
Senators must judge for themselves. As the bill
shows upon its face, due notice has been given for
more than a year pastthat these claims were being
investigated and would be paid. On the strength
of it, many of the claims have been realized; some
of them at ruinous rates to the parties; others of
them, as I believe, at very fair rates. The House
of Representatives placed this provision on the
bill which will preclude all previous assignments
, taking elTect, which will destroy the value of all
powers of attorney, and in some instances, where
soldiers have left powers of attorney and have
died, will totally invalidate the claims.
The memorial which lias come up from some
of my constituency is signed by men of very good
character; and I was personally appealed to when
recently in St. Louis by gentlemen wholiadmiide
