THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 24,
and free conference the committee recommend to
their respective Houses that the House of Rep-
resentatives recede from their amendment to the
fourth amendment of the Senate,and agree to the
same with an amendment, striking out from the
said amendment of the Senate from line six to
line fourteen inclusive; and that the Senate agree
to the said amendment.
. Mr. FENTON. Theeffectof thisamendment
is to strike out the last portion of section five, by
which, as adopted by the Senate, the President
is authorized to appoint cadets to the Military
Academy for districts not now represented in
Congress.
The House amendment to that portion of the
Senate amendment was to strike out that which
I have referred to, and to insert "that for one
year from the 1st of January next an additional
cadet for each district may he appointed, as now
provided for by law."
There are now about two hundred and ninety
cadets at the Military Academy. If the amend-
ment of the House should prevail it would add to
the number now there, as i understand, about
one hundied and ninety, making the whole num-
ber at the Academy about five hundred.
Nosv, there are not accommodations sufficient
in the Academy for over three hundred and ninety
or four hundred cadets, and this being; the fact,
the amendment of the House was rendered inad-
missible. The proposition then recurred upon
the amendment of tne Senate to allow the Presi-
dent to fill up the vacancies for districts not rep-
resented in Congress. To this the committee
upon the part of the House did not agree-, and it
was agreed upon the pait of the conferees of both
the House and the Senate to entirely strike out
that pot tion of the amendment of the Senate, which
leaves the law as it now stands without any alter-
ation or amendment. 1 demand the previous ques-
tion upon the adoption of the report.
Mr. STEVENS. I would Mtc to ask the gen-
tleman a question, if he will withdraw the demand
for the previous question for that purpose.
Mr. FhiNTON. I will, cntainly.
Mr. STEVENS. i want to Know whether
souk' power in this Government, without any
law, has not been appointing a large number of
cadets, and if so, whether that cannot be reme-
died, and whether it i« remedied by this report.
Mr. FENTON. It is not lemedied by this re-
port. The law, if the report of the committee of
conference be adopted, will not be changed in any
respect in repaid to the authority of members of
Congress or others to appoint cadets to the Mili-
tary Academy, nor will the number authorized
be increased.
Duiin^ the last year or two—to answer the ques-
tion of'lhe £en( Ionian fully—there have been in all,
I believe, forty-seven or forty-eight appointments
made to the Military Academy in addition to those
appointed in the manner heretofore practiced. 1
was informed by a Senator who is very conversant
with this subject that the additional number was
forty-seven; but General Totten's report shows
that sixtv-two have been appointed by the Pres-
ident and Secretary of War other than those ap-
pointed in the ordinary way through the members
of Congress.
Mr.STEVENS. Whatldesire now to know
is, by what authority they were appointed, undei
what 1m w.
Mr. PIKE. The Secretary of War simply ap-
pointed them.
Mr. STEVENS. Then it was without any law
at all? '
Mr. FENTON. The honorable gentleman is
a better lawyer than I am, and if he is in doubt
as to the authority or construction of law it is in
vain for me to attempt to explain.
Mr. WILSON. 1 wish to know whether the
appointments mado by the President and Secre-
tary of War are of pei sons residing in the districts
in which the members have failed to make nom-
inations. I believe the law requires that at least
to be done.
Mr. FENTON, They are not, except, I be-
lieve, in throe or four instances. Most of those
who have been appointed m the manner I referred
to have be'':) taken fiom the Army in the field on
the iecommendution to the President by corps
commanders. 1 understand that twenty-seven
appointed in tins way were sent from the army of
th«- West under the recommendation of General
Sherman and other officers in General Grant's
command. There were three from the army of
the Potomac, and others from different divisions
of the army on the Atlantic coast, making in all,
as I am informed, forty-seven.
I demand the previous question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
gentleman from New York to withdraw the de-
mand for the previous question.
Mr. FENTON. I withdraw it to hear what
the gentleman has to say.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. As I under-
stand, the latter portion of section five has been
stricken out.
Mr. FENTON. That is so.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That will
leave the first part, which provides that no por-
tion of the money hereby appropriated shall be
applied to the support of any cadet not appointed
in conformity with law.
Mr. FENTON. The effect of that portion of
the Senate amendment which is left is this: many
appointments have hitherto been made not in con-
formity with the express provision of law, and
under the amendment that cannot be done here-
^ Mr, WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That, then,
is an answer to the inquiry of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania. I am glad that it is in the bill and
is likely to become law, so as to prevent illegal
appointments in the future.
Mr. FENTON. Whatever has been done
heretofore the matter will be right hereafter. I
renew the demand for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
theroof the report was adopted.
Mr. FENTON moved to reconsider the vote by
which the report was adopted; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider belaid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
speaker's table.
Mr. STEVENS moved that the House proceed
to the consideration of the business upon the
Speaker's table.
The motion was agreed to.
The business upon the Speaker's table was
taken up and acted upon as indicated below.
VAY OP ARMY OFFICERS.
Amendments of the Senate to House bill No.
302, to amend section nine of an net approved
July 17, 1863, entitled "An act to define the pay
and emoluments of certain officers of the Army,
and for other purposes;" which were referred to
the Committee on Military AlVmrs.
convention witii ecuador.
Senate amendment to House bill No. 341, to
carry into effect the convention with Ecuador for
the mutual adjustment of claims.
The SPEAKER. The amendment is brief,
and, if there be no objection, will be acted on now.
There was no objection; and the amendment
was read, as follows:
Strike out" ,^3,500" and inseit "$3,000;" so that it will
rend:
Thar, for tile purpose of carrying info cflVct the conven-
tion Willi ficuudor (or the mutual adjustment of claims,
signed at Quito, on the 2oth of November, 18(>2, the cont-
miJ-Moner to be appointed by the President of the United
Slate?, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate,
Khali he allowed a compensation, in full tor Ins services, of
$3,000, and ten dollar!? a dny in commutation of traveling
expenses for the time actually and nccessanly occupied m
goiacjfiom the place of lu< residence to Guayaquil and re-
turning to his homo after the termination of lus duties.
The amendment was concurred in.
columbia institution.
An act (S. No. 1G3) to authorize the Columbia
Institution for the Deaf and Dumb and the Blind
to confer decrees; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and leferred to the Committee for the
District of Columbia.
steam tfuufi-englne,
An act (S.No. ICS) providing for the purchase
of a steam lire-engine; which was read a iirstand
second time, and referred to the Committee for
the District of Columbia.
summary trial of mtnolt offenses.
An act (3. Nn. o2) to provide for the summary
trial of minor offenses against the laws of the Uni-
ted States; which wns read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
METROPOLITAN RAILROAD COMPANY.
An act (S. No. 54) to incorporate the Metro-
politan Railroad Company in the District of Co-
lumbia; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee for the District of
Columbia.
ENLISTMENTS.
An act (S. No. 151) relating to enlistments, and
for other purposes; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
UNION GAS-LIGIIT COMPANY.
An act (S. No. 155) to incorporate the Union
Gas-Light Company of the District of Columbia;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee for the District of Colum-
bia.
indian affairs in california.
An act (S. No. 80) to provide for the better or-
ganization of Indian affairn in California; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs.
WAR COMMITTEE EXPENSES.
Joint resolution (S. No. 37) for the payment
of expenses incurred by the committee on the
conduct of the war; which was read a first and
second time, and .referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
CONFEDERATE STATES.
A bill (H. R. No. 118) to abolish certain laws
in the conquered territory of the con federate States,
and to prescribe terms of their admission into the
Union.
Mr. STEVENS. Let that bill lie upon the
table foi the present.
There was no objection, and it was so ordered.
** leave of absenck.
Mr. DAWES asked for indefinite leave of ab-
sence.
There was no objection, and leave was granted,
ir NATIONAL CURRENCY.
Mr. STEVENS moved that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the House resolved itself into the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Buandegee m the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the special order, being House bill
No. 333, to provide a national currency, secured
by a pledge of United States stocks, and to provide
for the circulation and redemption thereof.
The second section of the bill was read, as fol-
lows:
Sfo. 2. Jliul be it further enacted, That the Comptioller
of the Currency, with the appiova! of the SeereUty ot the
Treasuiy, shall devise a seal, with suitable int-nipuons,
for hi« office, a desciiption of which, with a certificate of
approval by the Secretary of the Tieasnrv, shall be filed in
theolhce of the Secretary of State wuh an linpie*$ion there-
of, which shall thereupon become the, seal of office ot the
Coniptioller ot the Currency, aruMlu1 «amemay be renewed
when necessity. Eveiy certificate, assignment, and con-
veyance executed bv the Coinptiollei, m puiMiance of anv
authoihy cont'd red on him b> law, and -sealed with his «eal
of otlice, shall be received in evidence in aii places and
couits whatsoever; and all copies of paper* in the office
of the OomptioJlei, certified by htm and authenticated by
the said seal, shall-in all cases be evidence equally and m
like manner as the original. An impiession of such seal
directly on the paper shall be as valid as if made on wax
or water.
Mr. PRUYN. I desire to call attention to the
latter part of this section, and to inquire whether
the provision is necessary or not. 1 bplieve it is
the practice of all the Departments to impress
their seals directly upon the paper or instrument
used. It seems to me that if we adopt this clause
we shall throw a doubt upon the validity of such
practice. If this special authority is needed we
should make it, but if it is not we ought not to
adopt this latter clause.
Mr. BROOKS. I hope the House will excuse
me for the presumption of rising to address it
upon a matter so differing as this bill doos from
the usual pursuits: and studies of my life; but so
impoitantis this proposed change of the currency
of the whole country, and so alarming-is this trans-
fer of the control of that currency from the States
which have hitherto held it in custody now ex-
