1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
oiusively to the Government of the United States,
with the consequent transfer of all legislation upon
that subjectfrom the capitals of th£ different States
of this Onion hereto this the city of "Washington—
.the political capital of the country—that presump-
tuous as it may be, 1 cannot lefrain fiom discharg-
ing my duty to the great commercial metropolis
and its banking interests that I in part represent.
I hope, I say, the House will moicover excuse
me for tile presumption in which I seem to indulge
in venturing also to come into conflict with the
opinions of the honorable gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr.HoopER,] who has given so much
time, attention, and study, and who has had so
much experience in all matters relating to the
money, currency, and banking of the country.
But the honorable gentleman from Massachu-
setts will forgive me if I differ with him in opin-
ion, because in defense of that difference of opinion
I am able to say I was educated in his school, in
no small degree, by the books or pamphlets he
himself has written, and thus I had becomc a
humble pupil, with a deference to his principles
of banking and currency, from which he will now
find it difficult to uneducate me. One of the books
or pamphlets which the honorable gentleman lias
published I have now in my hand,and another I
have in myhbiary at home, and which I regret I
have not here to-dayfor our common edification.
These books, I need not say to those who have
read them, differ altogether from the ncsv lightand
new lessons which in his speech of yesterday he
introduced for the consideration of the House and
for the instruction of the country. The honorable
gentleman has hitherto been a hard money man,
almost of the hardest kind, as well as a State bank
man of the strictest and straitest school, whereas
now he turns up here, to my knowledge for the
fust time, as an advocate of irredeemable paper
money, not only from the necessity of the case,
but for irredeemable paper money,as a thing per
se desirable or indispensable in the existing state
of things, and that paper money to be issued
not in commercial centers or capitals, but exclu-
sively here in the political capital of the United
States.
Sir, the honorable gentleman is the organ of the
committee which introduced this bill before the
House—a bill of some fifty pages in length, and
having in it sixty-four sections. The three best
of those sections, in my humble judgment, are the
three last: section sixty-four, which reserves to
us the power and the right at any time to amend,
alter, or repeal theact; section sixty-three, which
exempts one of the banks of the State of New
Yoi k—the Bank ofCommerce—from the personal
liability provision of this act, and which takes
that bank practically out of the act—a provision
excellent in itself, but defective in that it leaves
the other forty-nine banks of the city of New
York wholly subject to the provisions of the bill;
and the sixty-second section, considered by me
as tiie very be&t, because it repeals in toio the
banking law of 1SG3, and thus condemns it as
unendurable after only the trial of a single year.
Hence I pronounce these last three sections of the
bill to be the very best; one, because it reserves to us
the right to alter, repeal; another, because it estab-
lishes the precedent of exempting one State bank
in New York; and the third because it repeals an
act only a year old, and thereby comes before the
countty confessedly acknowledging that the legis-
lation of that year was hasty, unwise, unendur-
able, and necessary to be repealed after the expe-
lienou of only a single year.
The honoiable gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Hooper] was pleased to say in his speech
that " the State banks had outlived their useful-
ness." I regietted to hear such a remark from
the honoiable gentleman, but I suppose I must
accept his remark as the opinion of a large num-
ber of members of this House, who have not only
decreed the doom of the State banks, but are
willing to use his strong language, and hence say
"these banks have outlived their usefulness.
Alas I we have reached a period m our history
wlmn too many of our Sfate lights and Statu
institutions have, m the opinion of too many
men, outlived their usefulness. The State courts,
in the judgment of too many, have outlived their
usefulness, and hence the legislation of this Cap-
itol for two or three years past, has been vio-
lently dm.cted to take from the States not only
the control of their legislation, but the control
of their judicianr, and to transfer the power,
authority, dignity, the common law of the coun-
try, and the adjudications upon that common
law, from the States of this Union to the Gov-
ernment of the United States here in this capital.
Other State institutions have also " outlived their
usefulness." The State militia, which hither-
to has been the great defender of the rights of
the States and of the United States, our gallant
countrymen having up to this period always ral-
lied and protected their country; the State militia
have outlived their usefulness, and by a decree of
these many people, the State militia is abolished,
and the whole military power of this country is
now transferred from the States to the Federal
Government. State institutions of all kinds, in-
deed, if not already abolished, are in tirt; process
of being abolished. Why, what do we witness
herein this Hall now? Day after day we hear
speakers on this floor advocating the transfer of
State internal improvements from the States to
the United States; and these State internal im-
provements are about to he transferred, or threat-
ened to be transferred, from the capitals of the
States, such as Aifgustaand Albany and India-
napolis and Harrisburg to the Halls of this Cap-
itol. Indeed,ywe are called upon here practically
to incorporate State railroads, and to take from
the authorities of the States the power over their
internal impt ovements, when that power has been
hitherto legitimately and beautifully exercised by
them in the cteation of the most wonderful sys-
tem of internal improvements ever exhibited by
any countiy whatsoever on the face of the earth.
The time is coming, if this process of legisla-
tion is to go on, when I expect to see discussed
in this Hall the propriety of a street railroad in
Chicago or Springfield, Illinois; in Albany,or in
Augusta, Maine; in Lexington, Kentucky, or in
Milwaukee or San Francisco; or the propriety of
a lailroad 011 Broadway, orof a 'cross-town rail-
road in New York; and when the lobbies and
galleries of this Capitol shall be unable to hold
the swarming thousands who will come here to
press upon this Congress the adjudication of all
matters whatsoever, not only appertaining to the
States but to the municipalities in the States. State
authority, State dignity, State power, if not al-
ready gone, are going. They are held up at auc-
tion, as it weie, m this Capitol, the auctioneer
crying "Going! going!" alas! under the ham-
mei, soon to be "gone!" We hear now for
the fust time in the history of the countiy that
State banks, the successful creations of the States
of this Union ever since the creation of the Bank
of North America at Philadelphia—that "State
banks have outlived their usefulness!" That i*
authoritatively pronounced here, and we are in-
voked to take from the States, from the capitals
ofthe States,from the representatives of the States
in those capitals, all authority whatsoever over
their own State banks,and to vest that authority
heie ni Washington, in the President of the United
States 01 his Secretary of the Treasury.
Sii, 1 am opposed to this whole scheme for
trampling down the States and of reducing them
to mere municipalities or corporations. I have
never been in my political position an ultra States
rights man. Educated in the old Whig school
in the middle position of the Democracy and of
those who were the upholdeis of States rights in
the South, my politics have been medium poli-
tics; but here is a system of Federal centraliza-
tion and consolidation never dreamed of byAlex-
andet Hamilton, and never ventuied to be uttered
by any of the monarchist framers of the Consti-
tution in any part of the debates which resulted
in the piomuigation of that Constitution in 1787.
Mr. HOOPER. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman fiom New York how many State banks
thei e were in J 787 ?
Mr. BROOKS. I thank the honorable gentle-
man f£r recalling to my mind that period and that
eia.
Sir, when in 1780 from excessive issues of pa-
per Continental money, that species of cunency
was becoming comparatively worthless, and when
the credit of the country was at its lowest ebb,
Robert M->n is ;uul a few associates starred a bank
in Philadelphia, the puneipal objuct of which was
to supply the army of Washington with rations
and with rum. Congress pledged the faith of the
United Stales to reimburse and indemnify them.
The bank then established and which afterwards,
in April, 1789, was chartered by the State of Penn-
sylvania, was no mere paper money bank, such
as the "honorable gentleman .from Massachusetts
would now by hundreds create,1buta hard-money
bank whose notes were redeemable, not in Conti-
nental paper hut in gold and silver, and thisytoo,
in the darkest period of the American Revolution.
The name oftbe bank thus created was-the Baitk-ef
North America; and that bank, that spccie-paymg
bank, the offspring of the financial genidsof Rob-
ert Morris, it was, that next to the military genius
of Washington successfully carried us through
the Revolution. The crisis of 1776, 1780, i781,
and 1782 developed great minds and great men
worthy of the era. Washington improvised ar-
mies, and Robert Morris improvised credit and
capital, and with more than the power of the al-
chemist converted them into gold and silver. Sir,
1 never speak of that great man, Robert Morris,
but with reverence, if not with awe. Oh! that
now we had such a man in the administration
of the Government, who could look above and
through these mists of miserable delusion, these
paper legal lenders and interest-bearingTreasury
notes, made legal tenders, into the pure mines of
silver and gold . Oh! that some Robert Morris in
the midst.of this our civil war, in 1864, would
arise as in 1782 and rescue us from Treasury
notes, but another name for the Continental money
of the Revolution of 1783! Nay, why should
not the honorable gentleman from Massachusetts
aspire to the immortal fame of Robert Morris,
and instead of littering the land with paper banks,
as he now proposes in his bill^ establish in lieu
thereof some Bank of North America to issue
notes redeemable in gold and silver? And now,
with the recollection of that Bank of North Amer-
ica before him, a State bank, too, will the hon-
orablegentleman insistupon it that all State banks
have outlived their usefulness?
But I must proceed with the course of my re-
marks, from which I have been diverted by the
inquiry, of what State banks there were during
and at the close of the Revolution. The honor-
able gentleman from Massachusetts lias such au-
thority and weight with this House that 1 am not
disposed to stand altogether on my own arguments
in replying to his remark that State banks could
not have carried us through the existingcrisis; that
if they had attempted it they would have failed,
and that, therefoie, it becomes necessary to sub-
stitute banks in the States under the Washing-
ton Government independent of the States, in lieu-
of the bank legislation that springs from the cap-
itals of the States. Or, in other words, the States
having failed with their paper money, the Federal
Government alone can do what the States have
failed to do, that is, provide paper money to carry
on the war, as if paper manufactured or printed
as money in Washington was better than if printed
in New York, Philadelphia, or Boston. Now, in
replying to the allegation that the State banks could
not,even with Federal cooperation,have success-
fully earned us through the money crisis, I stand
not altogether on my authority. I hold a pam-
phletin my hand written by the representative man
of a great class of financiers in this country—
a-man who bears the honored name of Gallatin,
the son of Albert Gallatin—in which he says, in
substance, that in his opinion if Mr. Chase had
not misused the §170,000,000 of gold which he
withdrew from the State banks, if he had admin-
istered the finances of the country as they had
been hitherto administered by Secretaries of the
Treasury,theState banks could have gonethrough
the^ crisis, successfully administering this Gov-
ernment as a hard money Government to carry
on a hard money war. This is the opinion of
James Gallatin, whose authority I can safely off-
set even to the high authority of the gentleman
from Massachusetts. I might add in corrobora-
tion the names of many otherdistinguished finan-
ciers.
But the honorable gentleman from Massachu-
setts indulges—ifhe will permit me to use the word
in no offensive sense, but there is no other in our
language which chaiactei izes it—in many errors,
errors too often repeated in this House, and too
often repealed elsewhere, and which must be met
here as often as they are repeated. One of his
errors is that there is but $400,000,000 of paper
currency in circulation. No error can be more
deceptive, no error more ruinous; foras currency
is the measure of prices, of the wages of labor,
