1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
221,
advances, whose character I know, and who did
it in a fair businc&s way. I am not piepaicd to
say how far that may have gone, although I do
not think any large proportion of the claims has
, gone out of the hands of the original holders. It
is a matter that I feel no disposition to press one
way or the other.
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate, and the
amendment made as in Committee of the Whole
was concurred in. The amendment was ordered
to b'eengrossed and tin* bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
A message was afterwards received from the
House of Representatives announcing that the
House concurred in the amendment.
message fi10.m the house.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPiierson, its Clerk, announced that
the House had passed the bill of the Senate (No.
50) to authorize the President to appoint a Second
Assistant Secretmy of War.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills; in which the con-
currence of the Senate was requested:
A bill (No. 143) to amend the law prescribing
the articles to be admitted into the mails of the
United Slates;
A bill (No. 144) to indemnify the owners of
the British schooner Glen; and
A bill (No. 145) for the relief of the heirs of
Noah Wtswall.
enrolled bills signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following bill and
joint resolution; which were thereupon signed by
the Vice President:
A biii (S. No. 57) declaring the assent of Con-
gress to an act of the Legislature of the State of
Illinois, therein named; and
A joint lesolution (S. No. 15) amendatory of
the joint resolution " to supply in part deficien-
cies in the appropriations for the public printing,
and to supply deficiencies in the appropriations
for bounties to volunteers."
amendment or enrollment act.
Mr. WILSON. I move that we now proceed
to the consideration of the enrollment bill.
The ViCE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, the orderof the day, which does? not come
irp regularly until one o'clock, will now be taken
up. The Chair hears no objection.
The Senate resumed, as m Committee of the
Whole, the consideration of the bill (S. No. 36)
to amend an act entitled "An act forenrollingand
calling out the national forces, and for other pur-
poses," approved March 3, 1863; the question
being on an amendment proposed by Mr. Nes-
mitii, to add the following as an additional sec-
tion :
Sec. —. he it further enacted, That anj drafted per-
son who slial! he declared to be exempt by reason <>l phys-
ical disability, and wUn-e animal  anis profits, or income,
as ascertained by the piovimoih of the " Act i<> piovide in-
ternal icvcnue lo Mippoif the Government, and to pay in-
terest on the public debt,*5 approved July t. IWc, and tlie
acta aiiR'iidatoiy thereof, e.\cced ihu -uni of $i.00u, hk-iuu
in« ali deductions nutbouzed !o be made in said act, such
person shall pay ihe -uin of $:JOO to the per-on authoiizcd
to receive commutation mono) from dialled pei-on-, not o.v-_
empted ; and it shall be ihe dot} of the provost in ir-hal of
eacti di^fnet to tian-mit lo the collector of internal i evenue
of such di^itet the name-: and tonlonces of all prison-*
drafted and declared to be exempt by iea-on ot phj-ioal dis-
ability ; and i! nnv «hsifted pei-on de< laied to be exempt,
iuid whose annual iiann. piofiH, or income exceed the sum
of .*$1,000. to he aM-eitamed as alote.-aid,-hail neglect oi
refuse lor the period o! ten daj- aiterhi- name -hall have
been nan-mitted to tin-collector ol Internal u-venue io p.iy
. the sum ot £300 as atoie-aid, it shall be the dim ot Ihe col-
lector ot internal i cvenue to collect said sum in the manner
provided by lasv for theeoileetion of income tax in delauit,
toaethei with all the penalties and oo*t- therein piovn rd,
flifd topav ovei the said >!k)0to the pet-on amnonzed as
afoiesaid ; and -=uch dialled"per-o;i «.o declaiedto beuxeuipt,
by reason of'pln sical disahility,\\ Jio shall pav tlie sum ot.-^.JDu
within ten d.ivs altei In- name^liall have been nan-mitteu
to the collector ot internal revenue, *hall not .isi.un Ik; jx.iblo
to draft fhitiiu{ tbc time for which he was dialled ; but U
Mteb pei-on siiali negleer oi leiiw; to pay sud «ut  lor the
neiiod of ten days aforesaid, he shall be halue to diait
whencvoi the IheM.l nt ot the Tinted £taf< s ?haH call for
men liom the di-tnct in which he it'-tdc-*; and it -hall be
the duty el the colieetoi ot inieinal levenue to ti.m-imf to
the provo.-t mar-hal the names and re-idence-s of all such
pei.-on.- lequuod to pay the sum of <$3i)0 as afore-aid, ubo
shall neglect oi icfuao, for the period of ten dajrf,t" pay
said sum.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. I move to amend the bill by
striking out the fourth sectioi^
The VICE PRESIDENT. Thu words pro-
posed to be stricken out will be read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Sec. 4. Jln<l he it farther enacted, That any person en-
rolled under tlie piovisioiH or the "Act for enrolling and
calling out tlie national forces, and tor other purposes,"
approved March 3, 1863, or who may hereafter be so en-
rolled, may furnish at any time an acceptable substitute
who is not liable to diaff, and such person so furntalniig a
substitute shall be exempt Irom draft during the time tor
which such substitute shall have been accepted.
Mr. HOWE, f understand that the purpose
of this section is to enable any man whose name
is borne upon the roils to find some other man
who is not liable at that time to be enrolled, put
his name on the roll instead of his own, and stfike
his own off.
Mr. WILSON. To send him into the Army.
Mr. HOWE. And to put his name upon the
rolls. m
Mr. WILSON. No.
Mr. HOWE. Well, if the Senator pleases,to
send him into the Army withoutputunghisname
on the rolls. I supposed his name wogjd be put
upon the rolls before he went into the Army; but
it is to send him into the Army, and as a com-
pensation for that the man's own name is to be
taken fiom the roll. Probably 1 aril not mistaken
on that point.
The classes from among which these individ-
uals are to be taken are, I suppose, four: first,
men who are over forty-five and not liable to be
enrolled for that reason; second, men who are
under twenty and not liable to be enrolled for that
reason; third, aliens, who are not liable to be en-
rolled on account of their alienage; and fourth,
those who are now in the service, but who have
less than six months to seive and have served
two years. To this last class, which is much the
largest one, the Government already offer aIarge
bounty. 'All that the man whose name is borne
upon the rolls has to do, is to do a little mission-
ary work, to look up the individual and to induce
him, with the aid of the $400 which the Govern-
ment offers, to reenlist in the service; and for do-
ing that missionary labor his name is to betaken
from the rolls, and he is to be no longer liable to
draft. That is a soi t of substituted sei vice. Cer-
tain classes are allowed to do. missionary work
instead of military service. It seems to me that
the Government offers a bounty which will secure
the roenlistment of all of tins class who are likely
to enlist at all,and 1 do not see how you arc ever
to determine how much the individual wholooks
up the man does to procure his roenlistment. He
has the benefit «f the $400 which is paid by the
Government. If a man reenlists,! should attrib-
ute it to the inducements of that bounty rather
than to the arguments used by that missionary.
I do not see why he should be paid for that work,
or should be exempted from military service on
account of it. I ask for the yeas and nays on the
amendment.
The yeas and nays were not ordered, but four
membeis seconding the call.
The amendment was rejected—ayes four, noes
not counted.
Mi. HOWE. I move to amend the fourth sec-
tion by striking out the last three words, " have
been accepted,'' and inserting in lieu of them the
words " not be liable to du\ft." The clause will
then read:
| Such pei"Oil so fmnl>hin« a substitute shall bo exempt
| ftom di.lit during the time lor Which siieh substitute shall
j not be liable to dialf.
I iVIr. JOHNSON. What is the effect of that
lt amendment, may I ask the Senator from Wis-
| consm > How does it change the bill us it stands
now ?
Mr. HOWE. As the bill now stands it will
enable a person to go into the.Army, pick up one
| who has but six months to serve, and get him to
i icenlist, and thereby in six months the soldier
1 would bo liable to be drafted himself, but by get-
ting him to reenhst tlie man who pioeures his
! reenlistment is exempt from smviee for three
i yeais. The amendment, if adopted, will exempt
him from liability to draft, or liability to be en-
rolled, for just the term lor winch his substitute
i was exempted from liability to einoilnnnt; no
jj more. t
l| The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. 1 offer an additional section;
Jlntl be it further enacted, That so much of the act enti-
tled "An act for enrolling and calling out the national forces,
and for other purposes," approved on the 3d day of March,
1863, as may he Inconsistent with the provisions of this act,
is hereby repealed.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HENDRICKS, I wish to propose an
amendment to the section which was adopted by
the Senate on the motion of the Senator from Ohio,
[Mr. Sherman.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not in orfer.
The Senate having agreed to that section in that
form, it is not now in order to amend it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Not to add to it?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Not to add to it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I presume it will be in
order when the bill has been reported to the Senate?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Yesjit will then be
open to amendment.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to submit an amend-
ment, as my own view of what we ought to do, as
an additional section to the bill; but if there shall,
be much opposition to it, I shall withdraw it:
*8iul be it further enacted, That section eleven of the net
entitled " .An act 1'or enrolling and calling out the national
forces, and for other purposes," approved March 3,1863, be,
and tlie same is lieiehy, amended by sinking out all of said
section alter the word " enacted," and Inserting tlie follow-
ing, to wit: " that all persons enrolled shall be subject to be
called into the military seivico of the United States, and to
continue iu scrvice for two years unless pooiiei discharged;
and when called mlo service they shall receive a bounty of
$100 each, and fie placed on tlie same footing in all respects
as volunteers for three years or during the war, as now pro-
vided by law."
"Without occupying much ofthetime of the Sen-
ate, I wish simply to say that I think if the amende
raent is adopted thousands of men will themselves
go into the service who would decline to go in foi*
three years; that it will lighten the burdens of the
draft; and that a draft for two years, putting the
drafted men into the old regiments, will beall tjUat '
the country needs. If, at the end of a yearor two
years, we wish for more men, we can draft new-
men. When you enlist a man, I care not what
the time is, if he voluntarily enlists, you may en-
list him for three years if he chooses; but when you
go to the people and say to them, "You must go
into the service," we ought to make it just as light
as we can upon the people, consistent with the
duty we owe to the-country; and I believe that
if we draft for two years it will answer all the
purposes, and will lighten .the burden of the draft
to the people of the country, and will be effective
to the Government. I desire, if this be adopted,
to put it after the eleventh section of the bill; be-
tween that and the twelfth section.
Mr. CON NESS. It appears to me that there are
two or three, if not more, good reasons why this
amendment should not be adopted. It is a pub-
lication to the rebellion, or to those having the
control and direction of it, that we do not intend
more than to carry on a war by fragmentary ef-
forts; and we do it in the face of the fact that we
are laying increased burdens upon the country in
the shape of bounties for the reenlistment of vet-
eran volunteers. ^Ve are now asked to provide
for discharging veterans when they are becoming
most useful. That it would have the. effect of
making the draft seem lighter, more acceptable,
I "cannot perceive, nor do I believe it. 1 think
that the drafted man will not consent any more
readily because his term is two years than if it
were three. Besides, the principle upon which
tliis draft is made is that the Government lequires
the seiviee and that the citizen is compelled to
yield it. 1 hope, sir, that the amendment will not
be adopted. 1 regretvery much thattheehairman
of the Committee on Military Affairs has offered
it. I am quite certain that it does not meet the
i vi'cws of the Wsu- Department. I am quite cei tain
I that it will be an injurious provision if adopted.
I Mr. DOOL1TTLE. Mr. President, 1 agree
entnely with the Senator from California. I think
that the Army in its moial power will lose half
its force if itis understood that the men are going
in for two years only. It docs not make the bur-
den in any degree lighter upon those who are
called to go into the service, so far, probably, as
the present war is concerned; but to know that
'i our Army is filled up with men for three years
is giving it power and efficiency as an army.
j know very well that the rebels in fighting this
, battle <u;ainst us, in the very movements of their
. troops, luive made calculations upon the time
,, v.Um the tei nii, of our soldiers were about to ex-
