3220
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jniie 2*1,
discrimination in favor of vessels certain propor-
tions of whose crews shall be citizensof the Uni-
ted States. It is however provided that officers
of vessels of the United States shall in all cases
be citizens of the United States.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer the following amend-
ment as additional sections:
Sec. —. Jind Ze it further enacted, That no human being
shall be held or tiansportedai* propeity in any vessel on the
high seas, or sailing coastwise, oron any navigable waters
within the jurisdiction of the United States; and every
vesx-l violutmg'tbe provisions of this act shall be forfeited
to the United States ; and every master of such vessel con-
senting to .snch violation shall be deemed guilty of a mis-
demeanor, and on conviction thereof subject to the penal-
ties hereinbefore ptovided, one half of tlio fine to go to the
Informer; and every human being 50 held or transported
property shall bo free.
Sec. —. J3nd be it Jurther enacted, That all acta or parts ;j
of acts inconsistent herewith, including e>peeiHlly so much |j
of an act approved March 2, 1807, us legitimes the coa&t- j.
wise slave uade, are hereby repealed.
The PRESLDElNT pro tempore. The Chair
will stale to the Senator from Massachusetts that
the amendment as offered, refers to what is " here-
inbefore provided," and there is no previous pro-
vision in the bill on the subject.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope the Senate will
vote down theamendmentand let the Senatorput
his own bills through, and let those of the Com-
mittee on Commerce go through by themselves.
J can pass my bills without discussion if gentle-
men will let me alone. All I ask is that I may be
permitted to go on with my bills.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 withdraw the amendment.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, was
read the third time, and passed.
The bill was reported to the Senate, and the
amendment was concurred in.
NAUTICAL MAPS AND CHARTS.
On motion of Mr. CHANDLER, the bill (S.
No. 310) for the promotion of commerce and the
improvement of'navigatton wjjs lend the second
time and considered a a ill Committee of the
Whole.
The first section of the bill provides that for
the improvement of the mercantile marine, and
for the promotion of commerce and navigation,
by providing, under the authojity of the Gov-
ernment, accurate and cheap nautical charts and
houk.s lor the use of the naval, revenue, and mer-
chant services, and of navigators generally, the
Secretary of the Treasury may publish and sell
domestic maps, charts, and nautical books, re-
lating to the i oust of the United States, at the cost
of printing and paper, and to purchase the plates
and copyrights of such maps, ehart.s, and books,
when he tuny consider it expedient to do so, anil
under such rules and regulations as he may pi e-
scribe. By the seconj section the moneys re-
ceived from the sale of such maps, chatis, and
nautical books, are to be returned by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury into the Treasury of the
United States, to be used in the preparation of
/nhei winks of the same diameter, whteh aie to
ho sold upon the some terms, and the sum of
§,30,000 j\ppr.>pi :ated for the objects named.
Aceoidmg to the third section, for the purpura
mentioned, the Secretary of the Navy is toUjau-
ihoiized to publish and sell maps, elmifs, and
nautical honks relating to, and required in, 1 ho
navigation of foreign seas, and to furnish them to
navigntois at the cost of punting and paper, and
to puichase the plates and copyi ights of such
maps, charts, and books when lie may constdei
it expedient to do so, and under nuc.1i tulcs anil
regulations us> he may piesenbe. By the fomth
«eetion the moneys received from the .sale of yucli
foreign maps, charts, and naut 'cal books me to be
returned by the, Secretary of tj^e Navy into the
Ttea.suiy of the United States* to bo used 111 the
prepuiation of othu wotk.s of tin-* same charac-
ter which are to be sold upon the same terms;
and 1 hat the f<om of §139,640 is appropriated for ij
the objects named hi t he third and foui th sections, j!
Mr. GR LMES. I have, no doubt this is n vei y |.
\aluabie bill, but 1 wish to Mi^cht whether the ||
w < ul '{ eiigruvmg" .should not be inserted, so as j1
to 1 e.oi, "the cost of printing, engraving, and pa- ;i
} er " The l< printing," 1 snppos< , would only jl
include the press-wot k. 1 move in the tenth hue ij
of the first section and in the fifth line of the third
section oftur the word "printing" to insert l( en-
graving."
Mr. CHANDLER. I have no objection.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. It strikes me that this is a novel
business for the Government, to undertake to
print and publish maps and books for sale. I
1 know the proposition lias been made many times,
but it has been universally objected to. I think
there is rto precedent for it.
Mr. CHANDLER. Ail other commercial na-
tions do it. The committee had the matter under
consideration for a long time, and finally, 011 the
explanations of the Treasury, Navy, and War
Departments, decided that it was for the interests
of the commerce of the United States that this pro-
vision should be made.
Mr. MORRILL, i believe there is a report
from the committee.
Mr. HALE. Let it be read.
The Secretary icad the following report, made
by Mr. Sprague:
The Committee on Commerce, to whom wasrefeired the
petition ot the Aineucan .Shipmasters' Association, praying
tli.it the Government lurtush to iheic-seamenhydi'ogiaphie
books and chaiis at the cost of paper and punting, have
hud the same under consid"ration, and beg leave to lepoit:
That the subject is deemed by the couim.ttce to be of
fueh impoitanee that they have thought pioper to embody
m this lepoit, as p.utully embracing and exploring their
own views, the petition ; a rcpoit on the subject by the
head of the iJureau of Navigation m the Navy impairment,
with a part of an accompanying communication ; and a re-
port on the subject by the head ol the Coast Surveym the
Tieasury Dcpaitmcnt.
In addition to the views set forth in thesa papers, the
committee would expiess the opinion that it isol the first
impoitanee ihatoui huge and increasing naval and revenue
set vice should 1 njoy tlie.ukiitional facilities for navigation
demanded by tin: eommeiee of the countiy.
The committee would, therefore, respectful'ymge upon !
the Henate the impoiuinec of an earivaud tavoiable action
upon the bill herewith submitted, Senate bill No. 310.
aimnitican Shipmaster*' Association,
No. ."u wall Sntt-i t, rooms 2d and 25,
New York, Fclruaiy 3, 1863.
J\> the Senate and House of IlcjnrsctUntives oj the Uiiilad
States.
The undersigned re^poetfuliy represent that the .Ship-
masters' as-oeialion was oi£j<uuz"d foi the putporu; oi'ad-
v.memg tin* cha«acter and efficiency ot our mercantile
in,unie by taking nit.lilies fur the stipenoi education and
tmnal on 1 movement ot it-; wfliceis and "iidiiii'ii, and tliCieby
adding to the safct) ot'oiu shipping; anil as infonnation of
a hvdiojjraphic chaiaca-r stands pn-eminent as a ms&ns of
efieeurnj .mich pin pose-, and in view uf the tact that the
Governments ot the m.uiume powers of tlic woiid have
piepaied and published, loi the n>o ot then seaman, hydio-
gi'aphte books and charts to dc sold at near tiu:n 1 ost, they
would sotieit simitar aeiton on the pan ot theGoveinment
of the United states'.
it may he a-ked w e,< the (Jovennnent <hould be called
upon to iuini^h hydiogiaplne lath- 1 than any otin r kind of
mfoimatton; in icpiy to win-'h they would .say that thi.s
nation is competing lot eoMineieial eipiahtv on the ocean
with the gieat maim.ne i'ovveisot tin* woiid; it Ithire-
ior<* nofi'way t<> u>e i!i > i,ume p.oper means ihat they u. e
to attain >■ in cess.
They lut.het lep'csent that the creauon andluiuishing
1 of nautieal mioii:i:iliou is specially a (iov. roment tune-
■ lion Ail sin \ eys ot >ca coasts and the ijanyets oi the ocean
i have bee n mad" at the exp'-nse ot the government--* <>1 the
. woiid; aho the a^uononuv'a! ob>eiv.uions noce-t,aty foi
! tiavi'jffiuoti. All the !i tin teal alnuaae* puMi-hed hy the
j various nat.o'js ar.'nn:ii>lied at ii'-ai tin- eo-t 01 [inntiitg
i and papei ; the piepaia'ion of them by calculation-*, and
i ihe type uiii'^, aie paid toi b> the ichpictive g-ovetu-
■ meiit-( wluen i- ,ue tin m.
They ihoioi'oie i •«-pcett nl! v a - k that the senate ;ip<1 ('on-
] gte^v. wdl iakie .uch > teps as may be neee-^a! v to cauv out
j the above-tunned olyet. nani?-l\, the -.upplv mir the ^ea-
i men oi out ineieantiK marine with chaits and book*, at the
1 cost nl papu and puiiimg
K. MO!lG \N,
UDll. T. TAYLOR,
U\ TiiO.MPSOX,
Council.
J '.V. I'i'TON,
.Sc, rvtm y.
Tne undersigned eoneut hi the above.
j. o. ji xls,
J'rfi-idctit ,2tiCinUc Zlutua! J miraiue Cjmpany.
ill' I V V !'l I
M.
dlLNNlUih,
Iii\ntrnrc Company,
. li. if
/Vi,it :
Liiorui-i) nitiu~
Pi pcident Orient Mul'ial I,iMnani*c Comjiawj.
(Ml UiLKS VC\YCOMH,
I'tcs Pren-'cit Mcir.xatUc TuuiiihiiC C rpGHy.
IL C. yiUA.VAl,
Picsuicnt Citttui'-ian Inimancc Cjmpary.
ALFUKO r,i>\\'ARi)S.
?Jt evident jpficijl'' J2.dn<:l hi\uiancc Cjvii>cm>,
J P. T.U'P \-V,
Ptcsidi'iU X'fituuc luhtri'nie Company.
t'AML'hb l)l\AK f-; ITU,
President Comm< rctal M<u'u~.l L-jiuuciiy.
T I, \TIillOP,
President Union Mutual T nuiance Comuanv.
JOHN II IjYELII,
Pipe Prfisidi'tit Xcw Yoik Marine In^inan^a Company.
ItEUiiK.V 1". LATIIROP,
Oicai fl'ctlt'fn Tin>u,antc Company.
g Letter to the Secretary of the Navy.
Bukcau of Navioatiok, Navy Departments
Washington, Muith IL'64.
Sir: Tire bureau has had under careful consideration
the letter of lion. Z. Chandler, chairman of the Com-
mittee on Commerce of the United Statvs Senate, dated
Februaiy 26, and the petition accompanying it, ot mo
Shipmasters' Association, and of tin; marine insinar.ee,of-
fice® of New Yoik, praying that the Government will lur-
niah loom seamen and mercantile mat ine, books a ml charts
pei taining to the navigation of the high &eas,ai the co?*t of
papei and printing, and has the honor to submit the iollow-
ing repoit:
The bureau has prepafed, with mature reflection, the ac-
companying outline of its views in legaid to the extension
of its toieign hydrographie labors and duties, and also the
accompanying estimates of the cost of establishing an office
foi thus purpose.
The bureau entertains no doubt whatever that it Is de-
sirable (whenever it may be thought by Congress to he ex-
pedient and convenient) lor our Government to follow the
Govei nmentsofall the maritime Powers, of the woiid.(Pins-
sia,evcn, with her small navy and commetce included,)
in prep.uing and publishing, under its own authority and
in its own name, all the means and instruments of foreign
navigation, and paitieuiarly chart".
To s-bow how desirable this is, U may be mentioned that,
the Ornish admiralty, which had been m the practice of
sending copies of their chatts and books to seveialor the
public establishments of the country, such as the Coast
Survey ofliee, the Light House Board, the Observatory, and
Smithsonian Institution, and of sending them also to the
distinguished hydrographeis, the Me>sis. Uluut, of New
York, withheld their publications in the autumn of 1851.
I11 the autumn o! 1883 the 1'oimerpractice of sending chatta
and hvdiogiaphic hooks was. resumed.
I tu*Hi it will be thought that the tune has now arrived
when we may be able to adopt those measures of careand
self protection which must be adopted sooner or later, if
Ameiican navigators and f*camcn are ever to recover the
hading position they once occupied. I have endeavored
to show in the accompan>mg outline that the losi of this
position has been due m a gieat measure to the want of a
sufficient guai dianship on the p.ut of the Gem ral Govern-
ment 0! the inteiest.s of merchant* and seamen in the very
pameulars which form the Subject ol this petition and cor-
respondence.
1 have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient
server, C. 11. !>AYFS,
Chief of But cau.
lion. UtDCON WsLLss, Secretary of the Naiy.
Outline of ine*;?* in regard to the extension of the hydro-
gi ajilnc duties pcitaxmng to the Bureau of Navigation.
general considerations.
1. The coiritneieial inteiests of the country icquire that
the Government Miould assume a more active and exten-
sive care and supervision overall the mcana and instru-
ments offorejgn navigation.
The benefit'? which would thence accrue to the mer-
cantile community in general are exemplified by the Coast
Suivey, which has rendeicd invaluable setvice within the
spheie of its action.
3. The General Governmentis alone capable of grappling
with the subject in its whole scope, because it lequnes un-
restricted eommunieatioii with loieiga Governments, the
services of national vessels, umfoimity ol method, single-
ness of lespon-wbility, and va^t rc.scarch.
4. This re-ponsibiluy isone of tnemo-n important viewa
bearing on the subject. For want of a pioper re.sponsl-
bitst} eitoneo'is charts ate published, and charts ot an old
date, which have long been impeifect, if not wmse, are
. kept 111 circulation, and are imposed upon the unsuspecting,
1 5. 'i he navigator is now'subjecteu to groat and unne-
' cess.iry expense in supplying lum-elf with charts; one of
j the consequences ol which is that he frequently goes to
1 sea unpiov ided with the u-qunite means ol safe conduct.
0. ft is veiy desirable that the ignorance and. neglect of
[ seamen in the-e paiticnlars should be eorrected; they
! should be taught to know, and encoiua«ed to use, the best
j hooks of navigation, sailing direction*, and charts,
i 7. Tins cau only be done bv the Government, which
| must nubli'-h thesf* variouswoiks on it-*own te-poio'ihihty,
, and luim-li ihem to the in< reliant and seaman on the tciina
( jireseiibed in the ptoviso to section one ot the act making
' at)piop' 1.it-oils mr the naval setvice, &.<" s approved .Ma;c!«
; o, Jo-,'.!, as tui!ov\ s : " Thai the £eciel<ny of the Navj may,
| wiien in In? opinion the interests oi' navigation would
• piomoted theieiiy, cause any nautical vvoiks tint may,
1 t om tune to tune, be published by the hydiograplncid >>t-
. ik e, to be sold at eo^t, and the proceed- aiising tlietefrom
to be placed in the Trcasiuy of the Untied States."
, B B> doing this, til. (rovcrnment will chive out of the
• market tiie sr>unous pubheaimns of irresponsible per>ons,
: and siibstitiu^ in t:ie place of them the most uceiuate and
. rehable woiii.s.
i). '1 In; character of our merchant setvice 1ms already be-
1 gun to suffer Itom our failure to perform our duty m iheso
■ 1 expects; tl:e mote so, that out neaiect finds the Himi^est
I «.ontiast m the conduct of the British, I^jencb, aiul iiu^-
] Mm Governmentalt of which have taken the entire
j chatge of the loreign hydiography of their ie^pectiv'e coun-
ti ies. Our ofllceis and ships, v\ hich in a icport of a com-
1 mittee c.f riie nou.sr of Commons (ld3G:) were om e ac 
! knowledged 10 be ^upeuor to any, are now tegatdeil ai
, infeitor to the Dtnish ; an-1 that inferiority pioceeds in part
i from the impencctioit and iusuihcieney 01 the m::an> of
; navigation. >
; 10. The publication of hydiographic works is eontem-
, plated and piovidcd for by several act > ot Confess, which,
j honever, weie designed foi the mo t pan to meet sp^.j.ji
; c'!Si- ; the oidigation has been recognized, but the sj)heri 
| of action lias Imherio been too limited.
i 11. The cour-e pur>ued by oth< r conuneieial nations
1 ro&deis it expedient that we should no longer leave it to
, ptivate enreipiise, knowledge, and fidelity to create the
1 means by which tiie wide and increasing commerce of the
