2244
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 12,
and despise the toiling masses and the republican
institutions that guard the rights and foster the
interests of the poor and dependent many. These
bloody scenes through which we are passing
shake not my faith in the poor, the toiling masses
of my countrymen, but they do increase my dis-
trust of classes who are ever controlled by their
own personal interests. The lesson taught by
this rebellion of the slaveholding aristocracy is
not distrust of the unprivileged many, but the
privileged few.
1 cannot therefore say to the white men of the
District of*Polumbia, who are now in full pos-
session of the achieved right of suffrage, "You
can no longer vote unless you can read and wiite,
or unless you possess estates upon which taxes
may be levied." I would elevate the black man,
but I can never, no, never, vote to degrade the
white man. I shall vote against the amendment
of the Senator fiom Pennsylvania to insett the
word " white" into the pending bill, and against
the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Maine to jestnet the light of suffrage for white
men. Let the white men of the District, who
now possess the right of the ballot, retain that
great piivilege unrestricted,though they may not
be able to read and write, and do not possess
property upon which taxes may be levied. Let
us, if we can, extend this invaluable privilege
of the ballot to colored men; if not to all, to a
few, to men who ate fighting the battles ofour per-
iled country, to men who possess property upon
which taxes are levied and eolleeted. Confident
that we cannot extend the i ight of suffrage to the
masses of coloied men in the Distuet upon the
conditions upon which white men exercise the
right, anxious to begin the work of elevation
which the extension of the ballot to colored men
Would give to that long-oppressed nice, I have
prepared an amendment based mainly upon the
constitution of the gient State of New Yoik,
which I propose to add to the bill if the nmend-
ment of the Senator ft om Pennsylvania shall pre-
vail, tw I tear it will. 1 intend to propose this
amendment:
But an\ man of color who shall have hern foi {hire veai* a
em/en ol lire Disirif t, and 'hall have home aim* in the
mi It tat y or naval mm vice ot the I 'titled Mates, or shall have
hri'ii *fi/c<l ami jk>- -rwtl <>i a lieehold f-tatc of ih<' value
til ,^'XiaO over and aho\ e all d< his and incuntbt ances chatted
thcieon, and shall have heeti actually rated and pan! a lax
thi k nu, -.hall b<• couth (I l" vole at such   let tion.
Sir, tins amendment  f meoi pouited into the bill
will give the right of the ballot-box to the men
who ate using the cartridge-box; it will give tins
exalted privilege to men who possess real estate
valued at $'}f>(), and theieuie many such. The
adoption ol this policy will tend to the elevation
of the colored man, iecognize Ins valoi m the
field, and it may incite him to secure the posses-
sion of a home, humble though it may be. At
any late the adoption of tins amendment will be-
gin the woik in this Distuet of* clothing the col-
ored citizen with the most exalted ofal! the lights
and privileges of citizenship m America.
Mr. {'.() \V A N. 1 ha ve a single wok! to sa y i n
reply to the argument of the honot.tbie Senator
fiom Maine, (Mr. Mokkim.,] m which lie crit-
icised at some length the assertion made by me
that the piesent bill without amendment would
be an innovation in tins District; and, in suppot t
of that proposition, he argued, oi attempted to
argue, that oi iWnally tn the thirteen States ooii-
sluuting the United States at the time of the adop-
tion of the Constitution, iheic was no limitation
upon the right of suffrage in regard to color. It
b: true there was no such limitation at that time,
and there was no such limitation pet haps for a very
obvious reason. A question is never decided un-
til it is raised; and it i  moie than probable that
at that time no such question had e\ er been i 'lised,
ami was not raised tor some time alter. 1 have
taken the pains to examine the original constitu-
tions of some of the Slates, and it will be found
that this right of suifrage in all of thi m, i xcept,
perhaps, hi the State which I have the honor to
represent in p;u t, Pennsylvania, was rostnctedby
a property qualification. In that State it was only
limited by the payment of taxes previous to the
time the voter asserted his right. The fhstState
to which I shall tefer is Massachusetts. In her
constitution—I do not know the date of it; it is
not given m the book before me 
Mr. SUMNER. 1780, duung the revolution-
ary war.
Mr. COWAN. That constitution provided: I
" That every male person being twenty-otic yeais of age ,
and lesidentin tiny pniticulni town in tinsCommonwealth ,
tor the space of one year next preceding, having a freehold
estate within the same town, of the annual income of j
£3 or any estate of the value of £60, shall have a light to
vote m the choice of a representative or representatives
for the said town."
This bill you will observe allows all male citi-
zens to vote without any qualification whatever,
and it is therefore an innovation even upon the
principle established in the times of the Revolu-
tion by Massachusetts herself. .
The next State to which I refer is Rhode Isl-
and. That was governed by the charter of King
Charles II, which provided that certain persons
by name, "and the rest of the purchasers and
free inhabitants of our island called Rhode Isl-
and," should have the right of suffrage; and I
suppose that negroes were always excluded under
that* language. •
Mr. ANTHONY". The Senator willallowme
to interrupt hini. He is mistaken. They were
not excluded under charter, but were excluded
for a pr nod by a law of the General Assembly,
the General Assembly having authority over the
light of sulfiagc as all other rights under the char-
ter. Under the present constitution they vote
precisely the same as white people.
Mr. COWAN. I am glad to be corrected. I
supposed they had always been excluded under
that phrase, because by the uniform eonstiuetion
given to it m our courts of common law it would
have excluded them.
The constitution of New York originally pro-
vided that:
'* Every nialf inhabitantoffull ace who shall personally
have ie-tded within uric of the counties oi this State lot
mx mo nth'5 nimiediatciv pieeedni}; the day of election ^hatl
at i-tu-h election he entitled to vote lor representatives ol
the {-aid comity in the Awmblv if, during the time aiote-
f.,ud, he shall have heen ,i freeholder po-scssnie: a heehohl
of tin valie of £ i() withm th( .-aid county, oi hav e t en letl
a tenement iheiemol I ho \cath value ol foity -lulhny-,
and heen rated and at tualh paid taxes to tins Stale."
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator will observe
theie is no d incrimination of color theie.
Mr. COWAN. There is no discrimination of
color any w hei e in these ancient constitutions, and
1 suppose that that disci unination is not hei e for
the reason 1 have stated: the question could not
be decided until it was laised. It veiy often hap-
pens that the halls of Westminster are silent upon
a particular point of law simply because nobody
ever raised the point.
The constitution of New Jeisey of 1776 pro-
vided :
•• That all inhabitant- ol this colony qf lull .n e, who are
worth £.">11 proclamation money, cleat estate in the ^aiiic,
and have ic~nl d m the count) within which they chum
in v ole lot t w etve month- numedi.it' l\ [itecedmq; the elec-
I ion. shall he emit led to vote lor repie-untutivc, m Council
and Assembly ''
Mr. SUMNER. "All inhabitants."
Mr. COWAN. Yes, i-ur. All inhabitants who
arc woith Pennsylvania provided that:
'• Tver v t leentan of the lull aye ot twenty one yent <, hav
mil' ic-nh-d in tins Slate lot the s-p tee of one whole \ eat
in \l heloie the day ol eh-clion lot iepresent:Ui\es, and
p.lid public ta\es tlniui1,' that time, -hall i njoy the r t ht ot
iinelect'it- J'li'i'ulnl tihuiyi, That -ole" ol 11eehoidci- (it
tile ai;e ol t wen!\- (>ne \ca'is v-hall he entitled to vote al-
though the^ have not paid taxe*."'
Winch latter ptovision is still retained in out
State. \)t tween the ages of twenty-one and
twenty-two an elettoi is not requited to fallow that
he ha.-. paid taxes,
I might go on and refer to the constitutions of
all the remaining States, and m all it w ill bo found
that, they have qualifications of various kinds,
and m no one of them is the proposition stated
so bi oudly as it is in this bill; and therefore 1 was
warranted in saying that u was an innovation, an
innovation generally; but what I mean to say
now is that i think it cannot be denied (hat it is
an innovation in this Distuet, and one not at all
palatable to the vast majoiity of its people; and,
treating it as a distinct and separate community,
with the same rights that are possessed by any
othei separate community, their wishes ought to
be attended to m this behalf as we here profess-
to represent them. We are quasi then lepresent-
atives and not their masteis, as I understand the
position we occupy. Therefore I think that this
would be an innovation m every sense of the term,
and as such I would deprecate it.
I have stated my objection to the amendment
of the honorable Senator from Maine which lie
proposes to insert in the bill, because I think it
would be mischievous in setting up at this time
a new standard which would have the effect of
excluding and taking away rights from people
which they have heretofore enjoyed without ques-
tion.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I propose to vote
against the amendment of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania. I am unwilling to say by any vote of
mine that a man defending his country and this
city shall be excluded from the ballot-box of the
city, while copperheads, traitors, who were yes-
terday rejoicing over the bad news that we re-
ceived from the army of the Potomac, have the
right of suffrage'. I am unwilling to make a dis-
tinction for the one and against the other. I will
vote for the proposition of the Senator fiom Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Wilson] with an amendment,
and when it comes up I will propose an amend-
ment to strike out the propel ty qualification. I
think it is proper that we should give the men
who have been freed from slavery time for prep-
atation to exercise this great right of suffrage.
A propeity qualification is to me ridiculous. I
remember reading somewhere an anecdote said
to have emanated fiom Benjamin Franklin on
this subject. In addressing an audience hcsaid,
"This piopeny qualification is c£10; a man to-
day owns a jackass worth <£10, and he is entitled
to vote; the jackass dies to-mon ow, and he is not
entitled to vote; who enjoys the ught of suffiage,
the jackass or the man ?" [Laughter.] I repeat,
that to my mind a property qualification for the
right of suffrage is ridiculous; it is giving the right
of suffiage to the property and not to the man.
So regarding it^When the proposition of the Sen-
ator fiom Massachusetts conies up 1 shall move
to amend it by striking out the property qualifi-
cation, leavmgthe freedman the right to vote after
he has had three years to study our institutions.
So fai as I am concerned, I hope the time may
come, and soon come, when we can safely extend
to the colored men of ourcouutry all the political
rights that we enjoy ouisilves. It is known to
the niembets of the Senate that I have believed,
and have so expiessed myself, that they cannot
obtain teal liberty with us where we aie in the
majority. I have therefore introduced before the
Senate a proposition to separate them from us,
to give them the opportunity of occupying a coun-
ti y where they can be the majority race and en-
joy all the liberties both social and political that
we enjoy. The people I represent are opposed to
planting to freed men the right,of suffrage atonce.
It was tested before our last Legislature. Wo
aie unwilling to extend to them ihe light of suf-
frage at once, but I believe they will sustain me
in voting for a proposition to give to all men over
twenty-one years ol-age the rightof suffrage after
stiffen nt time has been allowed them to qualify
themselves to exercise that light.
Mr. WILLKY. Mr. President, when this
proposition to amend this bill was under discus-
sion the other day, I was stopped in the corn so
of my reinatks by the arrival of the hour for the
: order of the day, and I supposed that I was there-
^ foie entitled to the floor when the matter came
up again for discussion; but 1 had in the mean
time iiad assurances from sundry Senators that
the amendment of the Senator fiom Pennsylva-
nia would no doubt prevail; and that being the
only object which I had m view, I did not feel my-
! self authorized, when it was not awarded to me,
I to claim the floor to discuss a proposition which i
\ had been given to understand and led to suppose
| would meet the general approbation of the Sen-
! ate. Hut, sir, the indications now are that in tins
inlonnation 1 am about to be mistaken, and that
in all probability this amendment will be voted
down. There are various other propositions sug-
gested here, which Senators say if this amend-
ment shouldbeiejected they will introduce. Buf,
air, the only proposition before the Senate now,
t\H I understand it, is the amendment of the Si n-
ator from Pennsylvania. lTow tin se contingen-
cies may turn out I do not know; and theretoie,
without proposing to detain the Senate foi any
considerable length of time, I propose to submit
u few reflections in regard to the naked amend-
ment of the Senator from Pennsylvania.
Shall persons ofcolonn the DistrictofColumbia
be entitled to the right of suffrage under existing
encunistam es and at this time? When I was ad-
dressing the Senate the other day I had arrived at
