222:
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
pire. ' I know, too, that in regard to our power,
so far ns it has any influence abroad, it is well to
know that these troops are enlisted for three years;
for what complications may possibly arise no one
knows, even with foreign nations. I trust that
our relatione will be peaceful. 1 hope and I ex-
pect they will be; but as the mogt certain mode
of having those relations peaceful, we not only
for the purpose of putting down this rebellion
want our troops enlisted for the three years, but
we want it understood abroad that this Army of
ours that is fighting tftese battles is an army of
veterans well drilled for the service.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator from California
reminds us of the desires of the War Department-.
Sir, we are not here to legislate entirely on ques-
tions like this according to the desires of the De-
partments, Congress is master of the Depart-
ments, not their servant. On matters of admin-
istration I am desirous to legislate in accordance
with the wishes of the War Department; but upon
Congress, and Congress alone, rests the responsi-
bility of determining how we shall raise troops,
and for what length of time they shall serve. The
Senator from California and other Senators have
spoken during this debate of the importance of
making the enrollment Act more effective. I, too,
am in favor of making the act more effective. We
are making one of the most stringent acts for
drafting ever enacted. Certain provisions of the
original.act, framed to lighten the burdens of the
draft upon the more dependent portions of the
people, we propose to repeal. Great abuses have
grown up,in the administration of the act under
those provisions of the act which were intended
to lighten its burdens. It is thought, too, that the
needs of the country require that these provisions
should be stricken out.
We put the drafted men into old regiments,
where they are fitforduty at once. It will lighten
the burdens of the draft to reduce the time from
three to two years. So believing, I Submit this
proposition, confident that its adoption will an-
swer the needs of the country, lighten the burdens
of the people, and bring men more readily into
the public service. When a man volunteers he
does it from choice, and the time is not import-
tint; but when the Government forces a man into
the Army the burden is more or less according
to the time of service required. The burden is
measured by time,-and the reduction of the time
from three years to two diminishes the reluctance
of drafted men to enter the service.
Mr. CLARK. I desire to call the attention of
the Senator from Massachusetts to one or two
considerations in regard to this matter. A short
time ago the President called for volunteers for
three years-, as the draft law then stood, a man
drafted was to go for .three years, and it was un-
derstood that if the quota of the several States was
not filled up by volunteering it would be so filled
up by draft, and that both the volunteer and the
drafted man would serve for three years. Many
men came forward as volunteers into the service
for three years. I ask, now, the Senator from
Massachusetts if it is desirable, and if it would
be fair, to alter the law so tlrat the diafted man
should go for two years after men have been in-
duced to volunteer for three years? Is it not bet-
ter for the present to keep both alike, and, as we
have drafted men heretofore for three years, not
make the proposed change which would introduce
an inequality between the volunteer service and-
the draft service? In my own judgment it would
be better to preserve uniformity. It may be that
the men di afted will not be wanted for more than
two years; but as we have begun to draft for three
yeais, in my judgment, for the piesent at least, it
is better to keep them in that way.
Several Slates have filled up their quotas al-
ready: the State of Iowa has; the State of Ver-
mont has: the State of New Hampshire has very
nearly done so, and she will fill it without any
draft; and those men all go for three years. Un-
doubtedly many men have been induced to volun-
teer because they supposed they might be drafted;
but now, if they see that the draft law is so al-
tered that they might have escaped a year's ser-
vice by refusing to volunteer and by waiting to be
drafted, perhaps they will not feel any the better
for that. I submit to the Senator from Massa-
chusetts that we had now.better let the term of
service remain as it is. 1 might agree with him
if we had not undertaken the policy heretofore.
Mr. 'WILSON. There is something in the
suggestion of the Senator from New. Hampshire
so far as it is applied to' the simple fulfillment of
what has been called for by the President; but
many of the persons who have been enlisted haue
received $600 or $700 bounty, while if they were
drafted they would receive but $100. As we were
making this act, as I supposed, for a longer pe-
riod than this special draft, and we were very
likely to have another following it, I thought the
mere fact that some States have filled or will fill
their quotas should not prevent our fixing what
we may regard as the proper term of service. I
believe most of the States will fill up their quotas
by the 1st of March- under the. bounty act. I
hope so, at'any rate; but I thought we had better
make this bill so that it would fall as lightly as
possible on the people of the country and at the
same time answer all the purposes that the Gov-
ernment desires to accomplish. I desire, above
all things, in the first place to take care of the in-
terests of the Government and of the country,
and in the next place to make this act bear just
as lightly as possible upon the mass of our people.
Mr. CLARK. If the States fill their quotas
by volunteering this act will not fall on the coun-
try at all.
Mr. WILSON. I will say to the Senator that'
we have provided for giving the bounties up to
the lstttf March. After the 1st of March, sup-
posing the States shall have filled their quotas, if
the Government wants more troops immediately,
the Government will call for a draft unless we
authorize the Government to go on. and offer
bounties.
Mr. CLARK. I was going to say further that
if the quotas are not filled, or if we are obliged to
call for new men after they are filled, I submit
that it would be better for the volunteers who have
volunteered for three years that the drafted men
also should go for three years, so that the man
who has held back and is finally drafted shall not
find that he lias gained a year by so doing. Let
him go into the service for the same time.
Mr. CONNESS. There is a great deal of force
to my mind in the suggestion made by the Senator
from New Hampshire; but I wish to say a word
in response to the Senator from Massachusetts in
regard to his entire independence in matters of
legislation of the Department that relates most di-
rectly to that legislation, as in this case the War
Department does. It was scarcely necessary for
us to be told by the Senator from Massachusetts
that Congress governs this whole matter and has
tho right to do as it shall please. But itappears
to me that there is not great wisdom in the utter-
ance of the Senator from Massachusetts when he
tells us that he does not care anything for what
the War Department wants; in other words, when
he refuses to avail himself of the information and
knowledge in possession of the Department who
are carrying on this war.
Let meillustrate, Mr. President, just for a mo-
ment. The General-in-Chief, in a conference to
which I was a party, and to which I believe the
honorable chaii man of the Committee on Military
Affairs wasa party, stated that they are having re-
ports from the commanders in the field constantly
touching the condition of the armies in the field,
their efficiency, and so on, and that those com-
manders have in some instances stated in commu-
nications to the headquarters, to the General-in-
Chief, that a veteran soldier was worth two re-
cruits, two new men; others that they were worth
three; and some estimate a veteran as worth ten
raw recruits, and they go through all the interme-
diate proportions. They would sooner have one
veteran trained soldier who was inured to- camp
life, who had been under fire again and again, than
ten new men in carryingon this war. Itappears to
me that that is a fact full of suggestion to us. It
appears to me that to undertake to legislate against
the fullness of information contained in that fact
would be simply legislation without wisdom.
This is the kind of dictation that I am in favor
of submitting to in legislation, and that I think it
is wise to submit to, from the War Depaitment.
Suppose the honorable Senator from Massachu-
setts, the chairman of the Committee on Foreign
Relations, [Mr. Sumner,] should undertake to
carry on the business of Ins committee without
co-nsulting with the State Department upon grave
matters. I apprehend he would scarcely do that,
or find it convenient to do it. Although I have
the profoundest confidence in the ability and faith-
fulness of the Senator from Massachusetts who
stands at the head of the Committee on Military
Affairs, I think he can be served and his knowl-
edge may be increased by full consultation with •
the War Department, and by the adoption of the
information and wisdom that is gained by experi-
ence in that Department.
In conclusion I will say that when the great
want that is felt in the field is the want of veteran
soldiers, we should not now at this time adver-
tise ourselves to our enemies as simply calling to-
gether raw-levies for a short period of time, nor
deprive ourselves by our deliberate act of a year's
service of veteran soldiers when, in my opinion,
there is no corresponding gain to be found any-
where.
Mr. WILSON. I will say to the Senator from
California that the information to which the Sen-
ator has alluded is in possession of the members
of the Military Committee. Nobody doubts that
a veteran soldier is of more value to the country
than a raw recruit. The only quest-ion for us to
consider, I think, is this: whether the country
will be well served and all its interests cared for
by drafting men and putting them into the old
regiments for two years. I think they would,
and I have therefore submitted this motion. A
suggestion has been made here the force of which
I certainly feel, and 1 feel it the more because my
own State has not fully completed its quota, and
it may be supposed that I press this matter on
that account. I mus^ confess that such a thought
never entered my iftind before. I have looked at
the draft, not in relation to its immediate action,
but as a system applying to the whole country,
with the liability of Several drafts. As such a sug-
gestion has been made, however, I shall with-
draw this amendment. If the quota of my own
State were full to-day I should certainly ask a vote
of the Senate upon it; but I would not do any-
thing that would look as if I were actuated by local
interest. I would give nothing to my own State
that I would not give to every other part of the
country.
Mr. CONNESS. The Senator should not with-
draw his amendment for thatreason.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to move an amend-
ment to the fourth section of the bill to make it
conform to the language contained in the section
introduced by the honorable Senator from Ohio,
[Mr. Sherman,] in relation to the employment
of substitutes by taking those who are in theser-
vice of the United States.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) TheChair will inquire of the Senator
from Massachusetts if he withdraws the amend-
ment he proposed as an additional section?
Mr. WILSON. I withdraw it."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment is withdrawn, and the Senator from Wis-
consin moves  .
Mr. COWAN. I desire to renew the amend-
ment of the Senator from Massachusetts if he
withdraws it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Wisconsin is entitled to the door.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move to add by way of
proviso to the fourth section the following:
lint im person in the service of the United States shall
become a substitute to serve in any regiment or company
except among the troops of the State in which he originally
enlisted, or from which lie was drafted.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to ask the chairman
of the Committee on Military Affairs whethgr un-
der the existing law a person who is exempted
receives pay and mileage for attending the board
of enrollment. If so, 1 think it ought to be re-
pealed, and I shall offer an amendment to cut off
such pay and mileage. He appears to claim a
personal exemption; it is a personal privilege;
and I do not think the Government ought to pay
his expenses for attending the board of enroll-
ment-. I merely ask for information on that point.
Mr. WILSON. I believe it is so. I have got
that impression. I will look at the law.
" Mr. COLLAMER. It is so, and I will state
the reason why it is so. That law provided no
mode by which the question of exempting an
infirm man, or one wonting in physical ability,
could be settled at his home. We had such an ar-
rangement in the State laws for drafting, butthere
was no such provision in the law of last year. It
