1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The "nic of the charts and books of sailing directions and
navigation, under the existing law, will repay the expense
of printing and publication. "The amount hero estimated
for the fun,-lied plate.' and books' will in course o( time
be refunded; flic actual co<t of the**; charts and books for
the Navy will hereafter be veiy much less.
country is conducted in safety over the great oceans. To
continue to do so will bo to end.timer the best interests of
that eomnieice, to imperil lite, and lo accept for our mer-
chants and seamen an mlenoi position among the tradeis
and traveler-; upon the ^ea.
plan of proceeding.
а. In reference to ehaits, maps, drawings, views, plans,
photographic illu?>tiation>, See.
h. In refetcnee towoik-i ol instiaction nnd information;
ms sailing directions, desciipuve tracts, tables of geogrnph-
teal position, current and tide tables, general and special
inenioirs > elating to the sea, &.e.
r. In leferenceto book.s oi navigation, properly so called,
and ol nautical astionomy.
In reference to charts, <$'e.
1. In onJnr that the Government may enter, as soon as
possible, into the oxercisc of a beneficed eontr.>l over the
torcign chaits of the countr\, ir must begin not only to en-
grave its own chart*, but to purchase engraved plates.
2. The proce^ of engraving is t-lovvj the establishment
and complete nrgainzaiion of a hydrographic olhee lrom
llic lesomces now in the hands ot the Government is mi-
possible.
3. Hut the Government is m possession of much useful
inloimaUon winch may be turned to account when it he-
gins to print ami puhli-h on its own authouty.
4. The Government commands very valuable re*omcr?
for the impiovemcnt ol loreign h> diogiapliy, in its ciuiMng i j ntcuuetf in copjing, &c.
vessel*, which would be systematically developed. \\ liaPI>eils" however, as a dia\
5. The hjdrogiaphic leports, iccoids, and data of all [\ tin's mle, that mote imw> *>ecnriiy
kind*, fcUiV''j'-  included, will be brought togethei and ap- w> n" w
plied to -the best use.
б. Communications will be opened with the offices of
hydiography oi other nation?-.
7. Conipenr-ation will he paid fot valuable infoimation,
and by this mean-. investigations, smveys, and observations
will be. stimulated.
8. The Mauip of the Government, oi its mark of authen-
tication, will ne put on all chads published by it.
0. A li.-t o! a* charts will bo published lrom tune to time
in a way in which n will be rnot-i hkely to fall untlci the
rye. of the seaman, and keep him informed of what he is
to ask for.
10. The oiigmal [dates will be carefully presetved, and
the printing will be made from eleetiotypu copies,
11. The ultimate object will he whollv t<> Mipply the
foieign ciuher and tiaiier-with chaits either actually made
|  the Govei ninent and sold in compliance with tlje tcum
of the law above quoted, oi with chat ts made under its >;ine-
tion bypuv.Ue individual, stamped with its authority , and
gold with its pei m^sion
la reference to bool>s of information and ivrhmhoii.
1. All ^uch book* oi mem will be collected m .i hbiniy
for cou.suhation and Mitdy.
2. liooktf of ilititr diH'Ction* and those relating to the
geography and pity teal j-eienee of lite sea will be published
by the Uuieau ol Navigation or under its direction, as the
means anil occasion oiler.
In reference to hooks <jf navigation^ properly to c-'Ud.
1. The Ui«e of book-, of navigation is so intimately con-
nected with Uic-um: ot chart-, and - ailing direction?-, tout the
ibimer cannot be convenieiitlvseparatcd horn the latter.
2. If they are all ttndei the r amo coni.ol nicy can be
made so to corie-pond .is to be of mutual help to each other.
Coast Purvey Office, February 25, 1853.
Sir: I have the honor^o acknowledge the receipt of your
letter of the 14th in>t<int. inclosing a lettei from the chair-
man of the Committee on Commerce of the Senate, and
the memorial of the Shipmasters' Association of New
Yoik, as to the necessity of providing bv law h> drographie
book" and charts to be sold at near their cost foi the pupc-
rior education and moral improvement of American officeis
and seamen engaged in commerce.
The Tiea«ury Depaument ha>, as already slated in my
i icpoitto you oi December JO, 18(52, made a beginning in
this direction bv its action m tiie matter of the chairs ot the
coast, piepared at tins office. If has also done the fame
in its &aic ot ciiait  of the United States expiating expedi-
tion.
It hasal^o, in th* same liberal spint, ptovided by regula-
lioiis, tliat the lesnlts ol the coast t-urvey mav be cotmmi-
| mcated to any one deMring a copv. piovided that the coni-
i mmneaiion is duly acknowledged, and that no expense be
nicuued in copying, &c.
diawback toiiic usefulnessof
      iriiv tiiattliisf infoimation may
i! be used in an appioved toim, or even eoi teetiy given to the
public, and the ver\ acknowledgment may hccm to make
the tin vi y responsible loi woik niaccniatcl) set down, or
even not at aii executed In u.
The lact is that this is a business which should be car-
ried on exclusively by the Government, which can alone
give to manners' the guaianteoj tor accuracy which aie
needed.
If the survey of the coast had been It ft to hap hajsntd
private entei pi r-e the wo: lv would have f.uh d uttei iy, he-
lm* pa• nail\ executed, and o -lv .u i—; t.uu f.i voted localities,
and in thea; even Would noihave coimn.mded the ie-<peet
and confidence ol navigatois, without vvlneii the entcipuse
would have pioved quite u-elv*.
Tiie exjieta-nec ot all nauous a^ree> in thi«. So in rc-
gaid to the publication ot ehaits expeiienee >peak-j not !v'*.s
ioii'lly.
IJy act of June Ti, 1F4 1, the Pecrctniy of the Ttea«my
was anihoti/.ed to dispo>e ot tiie map.- and ehaits ol the
sutvejof the coast oi {he riuted Slates, and t) psescut
cnpi<-> to fmeig.i <J.>v ei onir'nls, Dppai toient ^ of om own
Goveunnenl, and I'lei uy and wucntihe institutions. The
Depaiiinent adopted the"principle that the puce at which
the maps and chaits should ne >oid should be neaily that
ol ih'' < ost of pap- i and punting, with a tnaigin for gen-
e ai expe^es, as commissions and the like.
Bv the icgulalioin ot l^U tin' sale of the charts at such
pi ices as would pay im the cost <>! ilie punnnga'id f><i|>"r w;ii
amlionzed, so that th<' pul/h'-moi) without- evp^nsc to
the Government, and 'he mauifr- who puiehasc have
tiie benefit pmpo-cd by the Slupma iteio" As-o<'iation
to he extended to all charts whatsocvei and to n.iuiical
books
Tire maps and charts oi the Coast Survey, required for
the Use ol TheAimv and N.ivj. ate tin m-hed fi ee of. cost
3. The G'H'eriimcnt ought, theictoie, to cithT aequue a ;i fiom the Coast Sutvey otli'Mj to the War and Navy I>ep;ut-
right to the Naviga'or in common u^e among American
Bearnen, or el.se to pubh-h a Navigator ol its own.
4. With the Nautic.d Ahnan.ic, the Ti eatiseo <uid Manu-
als of Navigation, and the torcign chaits under its eontiol,
it will be able to cairy ioi waul < ach one in its own peculiai
path ot improvement, and make them all hatmoiii/a'to-
gether.
5. The Government would th^u be at hheity to publi'-li
fueli manuals as it ni'glit Unnk pioper, without nuein ring
With jn ivate piopi uy.
fi. All that has been *aul eonceining the eifeet upon our
commeicial prospeim . and upon the standing of our mei-
eantilo manne, to be pioduced by Mippl}nm oui scunicn
With the best chaits, applies with ei^ual Unco to the Manu-
als of Navigation.
7. Tbo>e imputvements in navigation which proceed
front the ajtplfeation of the highest science entei elm fly
into the Navigator and Wiutical Almanac.
8. The Navigator and Nautieal Almanac are nisepatable
companions at sea; they ate complements ot each othei
and they must be u-ed togi.'thci and can only be u-ed to-
gether. Having the latter, the Government would find it
expedient to acquire possession of the former.
Estimciteifar prejtmhi^an'lpurrhmin « chmh* plates, hook':,
aiul copyrights, for thepuij>osei. of iiavizatioii) and for the
publication tketeof ; anil foi the organization of an office
oj Poi ei%ii Hydrogi aphy la the Bureau of Navigation.
For the purchase of three printing presses  OJO
For Ihe pinelia^e ofliuislied plate*.  iW,U0i)
For the puiehasc of new plates, and ot paper,
ink, linen, and otifr punting ni.iterialt, and
for tiie cost of punting and backing charts.., 20.000
For electiotv pmg plates  3,OiJO
For the puiehasc and pi'paiation of sailing di-
lectnms.    I0_(!(i0
For the puicha>e and piepaiation ol book.-, of navi-
gation   5(1,000
For salami- ofengiaveis  tJ.OOO
For salaries of h> diographer and dianghtMnen... 8,000
For salary of book-keeper  3.OU0
For sal ai y of clei k  i ,500
For pay ofmes%eng<;i  A   £40
For pay ot laborer  600
For tent of building  3,000
Foi fuel and Iti^llt.    o00
For drawing tables and othee tuuiiture  500
For instruments and othee stationeiy  C5b0
For contingent    3,000
Total   1^9 640
ments, and a cettam distnbuiioi) authouzed by the Tieas
;j uiv Depaitinent is in id" to liieiaiv and scientific instit'i-
lions in aii pait^ ot the f '.utecl Siato^. in puoi tothe
war, sixty-two hundred chaits weie thus distubuted, and
since tin'war then: have b"en tilty-fivc thousand distub-
uted to the A i my and Navy.
j The head ol the Cutean oi Navigation m the Navy De-
! paitment has the "-auction ot tne head ot the Dep irtincrit
,j to prepuie and jntltii-h lofig'i ch.Mts,as leconimcndeil by
tiie Mopum-teis" A-sof jation.
'! J us'iec would seeni to leqmrc, if lin^ publication inter-
fere- with exiting puv.Ue enie'pti-e., that an appiopua-
| i tiou be made to pay toi the piop. ity iliu^ nijuied, and that,
j ns (at as convenient, it be convened to public and genosal
'| use under the new plan.
l! Tin* Navigator, fiist plannerl and executed by the emi-
11 nent mathematician, Doetoi Nathaniel Bowditcli, ami iw;d
| j by oui Navy and meicantile mat me, should be loin; to the
|! Ruieati ot Navmati'in ot the NavvDepai tmeiit, the pumaiy
11 object being the stipp!\ ol the \avv with table-, &c , foi
|j pinpo.-ei ot navigation, win!" the Coast IMot, ou«inatnig
; with the cldei Ldmund Blunt, should be issued under the
]> sanction ol the Coa-r Siuv.'v, which aloue has the uece.s-
li sary information toi its impi uvemeot. No nation but outs
depends, upon puvaT coteipn-e to iunn-h a (Joast 1'ilot.
'I At no place within (lie eon'to! o! the Goverrnncnt can such
jj a woik he so well ptep.ir.'d n- at the Coast'Suivey office,
! j wheie the mate-, tal> fot it - p'ep ua1 ion are .til to be tound.
Tbeptnihiig will he made uiidu the geueial law, or by
■i special resolution, as m.u b.-nioug'it be>t. The detail's oi
'j publication could be aria«i':ed wii'iont e.M.
i! A simple ie-o!u:io'i Ilk" the foljovvtug would enable
ji the execution ol the \low-s o! tiie SiiipaMsleis' As-,oeia-
' I tion :
J liesohcd, 'J'hat it 1- de-irable for the. improvement ot
• \ the met can tile manne. ioi the piomonon of comnieiee and
' navi'Mlion. uy piovuln s accuiate and ciieap chaits and
!l nautical book- uud^r tin- connolot Governmunt , utlioui\,
i and (or the u -e ot navigatois geueiailv, and ot the naval
: and revenue service, that the Secutarvoi the Treasury
' should be authorized to publish and sell dome-tie chaits
■ and nautical books relating to the coast at the eost or prnit-
' ing and papet, and that the Seciet.iiy of the Navy shoufd
i i he authoir'.ed to publish lot eign charts and genei a! nauti-
cal books toi the u-e ol tiie Navv and ot naviiratoi-, to be
■ I &v>ld at the co.-t ol punting ami paper meioly; and s atd
| fteeietaucs aie -o nu'hoii^cd aceoidmgiy.
;; Reyjii-c-J, 'J'nat the sum oi dollars be appropi lated
,; for lh" e\< LUtioii oi tlie? iesolution, and that the mom } *
(j teci-ivcd tortlu- -ale o! maps. c-liarH. atid books he turned
It < vei bv the tfeerctaues of ihe Ttea-Uiy and Narv to the
ii Treasury of the Uniud f-t.".?"- for the pifpm,uLon oi otlu-r
works, for the same purposes, and to4 e sold on the samo
term5.
i return the papers inclosed to me.
Very respectfully, yours, A. BACIJE,
Superintendent United States €oaU Survey.
Hon. S. P. Chase, Secretary of the Treasury.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third tune, and passed.
imEGH.um to ami pacific.
On motion of Mr. CHANDLER., the bill (S.
No. 290) for increased facilities of telegraph com-
munication between the AJlanticand Pacific States
and the Territory of Idaho was considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It proposes to authorize
the United StatosTelegfnph Company,ami their
associates, to erect a line or lines of magnetic tele-
graph botwecn the Missouri river and the city of
Sun Francisco, in the State of California, on such
route as they may select, to connect with the lines
of that company now constructed and being con-
structed through the Slates of the Union. The
company is to have the use of such unoccupied
land of the United States as may be necessary for
the light of way, and materials, and for the es-
tablishing; ofistAtions along the line for repuiis, not
exceeding at any station one quarter section of
land, and the stations not to exceed one in fifteen
miles on the average of the whole line, unless the
lands shall be required by the Government of the
United Slates for railroad or other purposes; but
no right to preempt any lands under the la we of the.
United Stau y is to inuic to the company or their
agents, or any other person or persons whatso-
ever.
The second section authorizes the United States
Telegraph Company, under the direction of the
President of the United States, to erect a line of
tel.^taph from Fort flail, !>y Walla-Walla and
the Dalles and Sun Francisco to Portland, tn tho
State of Oregon, and from Fort Hall to Bannock
and VuginiaCity, m the Territory of Idaho, with
the Ramo privileges as to the right of way, and-
so forth, a  ih ptovided in the first section; iho
United States to have priority m the use of the
lines of telegiaph to Ote^on and Idaho, and for
such use the United States Telegraph Company
in to receivc for the term of ten years from the fimo
of us completion, annually, the sum of $20,000,
in full payment for all messages transmitted.
According to the third section, the company is
to send and receive dispatches on paymentof the
regular charges for transmission of dispatches
over any line that may now or hereafter be con-
structed by the authority or aid of Congress, to
connect with any line or lines authorized or
erected by the Russian or English Governments,
and all dispatches received by the line are to bo
transmitted in the order of their reception, and
the answers thereto to be delivered to the United
States Telegraph Company for transmission over
their lines to the office whence the original mes-
sage was sent.
The fourth section provides that the several rail-
road companies authorized by actof Congress July
1,1863, may enter into arrangements with the Uni-
ted States Telegiaph Company so that the iinc of
telegraph between the Missouri river and San
Francisco may be made upon and along the line
of that railroad and branches as fastasthe roads
and branches are built, and if sucharrangements
be entered into and the transfer of the telegraph
line be made in accordance therewith to the lino
of the railroads and branches, such transfer shall,
for ail purposes of the act referred to, be held and
considered a fulfillment on the part of the rail-
road companies of the provision of the act in re-
gard to die construction of a telegraph line; and,
in ease of disagreement, the telegraph company
are authorized to remove their line of telegraph
along and upon the line of raihoad therein con-
templated, without prejudice to the rights of the
railroad companies.
The Committee on Commerce had reported the
bill with an amendment, winch was to strike out
the following clause in the second section:
And lor such use the United States Telegraph Company
shall iceeive for tin* teun of ten years from the time of its
completion, auttuallv, the touri ot §20.000, which shall bo
in lull p'tv mcnt tor all messages transmuted. And the Sec-
retin y "l t!u- Treasuty is hereby authorized to pay to tho
United t-Untes Telegraph Company, in quarterly payments,
the amount above >tated; but no payment shall be made
until :-aid lints ate completed.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to' the Senate as amended ,
and the amendment was concurred in.
