3222
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 24,
Mr. CONNESS. f sec that there is a section
contained in the bill authorizing this company to
make an arrangement with the railroad compa-
nies, I think it is substantially the provision con-
tained in the Pacific railroad act. 1 do not under-
stand why it is inserted here."
Mr. CHANDLER. It is granting the same
privilege to this other company that is already
granted to the existing company.
Mr. POMEROY. The old Pacific railroad act
as passed gave the right to the American Tele-
graph Company, but not to any other. This is
simply to extend it to this other company. The
new Pacific railroad bill has not yet become a law,
and we do not know.exactly what shape it will
assume.
Mr. CONNESS. This, then, I understand is
to permit another line of telegraph on the line of
the railroad.
Mr. CHANDLER. That is all.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
I3STERCOUKSI5 WITH DISLOYAL STATES.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move now to take up
the bill (8. No. 232) in addition to the several
acts concerning commercial intercourse between
loyal and insurrectionary States, and to provide
for the collection of captured and abandoned
property and the prevention of frauds in States
declared in insurrection.
The motion was agreed to; and the consider-
ation of the bill was resumed as in Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. SUMNER. I wish to call the attention
of my friend from Maine [Mr. Morrill] to the
first two sections of the bill as originally intro-
duced. The committee recommended that they
be struck out; but I suggest that they be allowed
to stand.
Mr, MORRILL. I have some amendments
" first to propose by way of perfecting the bill, and
then I will listen to the suggestion.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well.
Mr, MORRILL. 1 move in section six, line
six, to suike out the words " hereby repealed,"
and insert:
Except so tar as may be necessary to authorize supply-
ing ihe werfccittPRof loynl pei->ons residing in iiiMinection-
iii y States, within the linos of annul occupation by tlieiml-
itaiy ibices of the United States, as, indicated bv published
order of the commandinggeneiaiot the dep.utmentordjs-
tru t, to occupied ; and abo, except s-o far rum.ty he neces-
pcity to authorize peir oiH re^idim? within Mich lines to
biitig or neiid to iiMikft in the lovai States any products
which they t.liall Iwve produced with tlieirown labor ot ihe
labor of lieedmcn or othoiH employed and paid by them,
pmsuani to rules reiunnjthereto, which mav bo ( ^tabliMicd
undei proper authority. And noisof>ds wsuoh, or nnuclian- i
<} ><• hhall bo taken into a State dcclar«d in infurieeuon or I
transput ted therein except to and horn '■mob places, and to
Mich monthly amouutsas shall have been previou-h aipiM'd
upon in writing by the commanding general ot' the dopurt-
immt in wltieh mk>1> pln-o* are situated and an officer do«?-
i^uaH'd by the Secretary ot" the Trca>ury for that purpose. .
Mr. BROWN. Wlmt is the effect of that? :
Mr. MOillllLL. At the request of the Sena- !
for from Missouri J will explain the design of;
this amendment. It will be seen by examining !
tiie sixth section of this bill that it repeals the !
proviso to the fifth section of the act of July 13, :
l8(jl, which proviso authorizes the President in !
hit) discretion to license and permit commercial i
H'luttonN with any StatM or section the inhabitants j
of which have been declared to be in a state of!
nusunection. i now propose, instead of repealing i
the proviso, to restrict thatauthonty of the Piesi- ;
dent to grant licenses in the manner specified in ;
the amendment. That is the general effect of the 1
proposition, Hy the act of 18Gl,nIl commercial \
lelations between the States insinsurrection and j
iht' loyal States were absolutely prohibited, with :
tins waving clnusc in the fifth section. Nov/, if;
we repeal the saving clause, the statute of course '
would stand in its absolute character and bo a
prohibition ot all commercial intercourse between '
the States in insurrection and the loyal States, j
By the amendment proposed, the authority of the j
President to grant licenses for trade will continue, !
but will be further restricted.
Mr. BROWN. Do i understand that this I
amendment is assented to by the Committee on 1
Commerce?
Mr. MORRILL- I have offered it. The prop-
osition of the committee was an absolute repeal. '•
I have one other amendment to submit in order '
that it may be printed and go over with the bill '
until to-morrow. <
The. amendments were received and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. MORRILL. As this bill has been several
times before the Senate, and if it is passed at all
must be passed soon in order to insure action on
the part of the House of Representatives, I hope
the Senate will indulge me in making the bill the
special order for to-morro<v at one o'clock. I
make that motion.
The motion was agreed to by a two thirds
vote.
MESSAGE FROM TTIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPhekson, its Clerk, announced that
the House had passed a bill (H. R. No. 133) for
the relief of William Sawyer and others, of the
State of Ohio; and a joint resolution (H. R.N'o.
110).to declare the construction of a joint reso-
lution for the relief of W. B. Matchett, approved
June 20, 1864.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the bill (S. No. 187) to carry into
effect the treaty between the United States and
her Britannic Majesty for the final settlement of
the claims of the Hudson's Bay and Puget Sound
Agricultural Companies.
PROPOSED INTRODUCTION OF A RESOLUTION.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) The hour of one o 'clock having ar-
rived, it becomes the duty of the Chair to call up
the special order, which is the civil appropriation
bill.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask to suspend all prior orders
to enable me to offer a joint resolution.
The PRESIDINGOFFICER. It requires the
unanimous consent of the Senate. Is there ob-
jection ?
Several Senators objected.
Mr. DAVIS. On my motion to suspend the
prior orders, I ask for the yeas and nays.
Several Senators. What is the resolution?
Let it he lead.
Mr. SHERMAN. What is the motion?
^ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Kentucky asks the unanimous consent of
the Senate to introduce a resolution. The read-
ing of the resolution for information is called for.'
is the reading objected to?
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to its
being read for information.
Mr. DAVIS. I moved to suspend all prior
orders that I may be enabled to offer a joint res-
lution, and on that motion I have asked for the
yeas and nays.
Mr. CONNESS. I first call for the reading of.,
the resolution for information.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The reading
of the resolution is fust asked for. Is the read-
ing of the resolution objected to?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir, I object to its'
lending or reception at all.
The PRES1 DING OFFICER. It cannot he
read without the consent of the Senate, there be-
ing another subject before the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust we shall pioceed
with the special order, the civil appropriation
bill, and go on regularly.
Mr. DAVIS. i rise to a question of order. Is j
it in order forme to ask a suspension of all prior
orders to offer a joint resolution? !
The PRESIDING OFFICER. In the opinion |
of the Chair it is. ]
Mr. DAVIS. That is the motion I make, and I
upon that motion 1 ask for the yeas and nays. j
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Clmir did j
not so understand the Senator from Kentucky, i
The Chair understood the Senator from Kentucky j
to ask the consent of the Senate to introduce a ■
resolution. Common consent was requisite for ■
that. The Chair put the question to the Senate, j
and the Senator from California asked that the !
resolution be read for information. The Chair ,
asked if theie was objection to the reading, and '
the Senator from Illinois objected to its reading, i
The Chair then ruled that U being objected to it '
could not even be read, there being another sub- I
ject pending before the body, ff the Senator !
from Kentucky, iiowevur, moves that that sub- '
ject and all prior ordi-rs be postponed, it is a '
motion, in the opinion of the Clmir, m order, and !
will be so entertained. j
Mr. DAVIS. That is my motion, and on that I
I nsk for the yeas and nays. !
Mr. CONNESS. Before that be done, so that
I can know how to vote, I ask for the reading of
the resolution.
' Mr. TRUMBULL. The reason for my mak-
ing the objection to the reading of the resolution
was this; 1 understand that no member of the
Senate has a right to introduce a resolution at
•any other time cxcept when resolutions are in'
order, unless by unanimous consent. I under-
stood that the Senator from Kentucky could not
introduce this resolution without unanimous con-
sent. The time had arrived for the considera-
tion of the appropriation bill fixed by order of
the Senate. The appropriation bill was before
the Senate, the Chair having called for its con-
sideration. If the Senator from Kentucky can by
a majority vote introduce a resolution at any
time, unanimous consent need never be asked; it
depends then on a vote of the Senate. Now, I
suppose that when the Senator from Kentucky
out of order asks to introduce a joint resolution,
he cannot do it by a vote of the Senate. For in-
stance, this bill is before the Senate and has been
once read. I believe the rules provide that it
shall be read on different days; but a bill is often
read three times upon the same day. Caji a ma-
jority of the Senate direct it to be read three times *
upon the same day, or must it not be by unani-
mous consent? The rule requiring unanimous
consent amounts to nothing in this body if ama-
jonty may control such a matter. Suppose I
wish to introduce a bill, I deny that it is compe-
tent for me, when the introduction of bills is not
in order, to move to suspend all other orders to
allow me to introduce a bill, and then take a vote
on that, and if a majority of the Senate so decide,
introduce my bill; and it seems to me a joint res-
olution stands on the same footing. The prac-
tice of the Senate I know has been to ask if unan-
imous consent was given.
Mr. DAVIS. The motion I make is made
every day and enteitained, if I understand aright
the uniform proceedings of the Senate. It is al-
ways in order, when there is not a pending sub-
ject being acted upon by the Senate, to move to
suspend all prior orders to take up any particular
business; and it is optional with the Senate (and
they exercise that power every day or nearly
every day)" to dispense with all previous orders
and take up any business which a'majority deem
proper to be considered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I know we every day
suspend one order of business and take up an-
other species of business before the Senate; but
I never knew, since I have been a member of the
Senate, a motion made to suspend all prior orders
and all business before the Senate to introduce a
resolution into the Senate, and I think it is notin
order except by unanimous consent.
Mr. POMEROY. If consent had been ob-
tained to introduce the resolution, 1 think it would
then have been in order to suspend all other busi-
ness so as to consider it; but it took unanimous
consent to introduce the resolution, and as that
was objected to, and as the resolution, therefore,
could not be before the Senate, we cannot now
by a majority suspend the rules to consider it
when it took unanimous consent to introduce it. '
Mr. DAVIS. When the Senate decide to sus-
pend all pending orders, there is no business what-
ever then before the Senate, and it is in perfect
order for the member who makes that motion then
to offer to introduce business in any form or any
class. It is only necessary to state the position
that it may receive the assent of all minds who
have any knowledge of parliamentary law. When
the Senate have determined to suspend all busi-
ness, the Senate then is a blank; there is nothing
pending; and it is m order for a Senator to offer
any business whatever. But the Senate have first
to decide whether they will suspend all prior or-
ders or not. If they refuse to suspend all prior
orders, of course there is no chance of getting
the resolution before the body.
Mr. CONNESS. The proposition of the Sen-
ator ftom Kentucky may be correct, but his ques-
tion is not in th$t position. As I understand it,
the honorable Senator rose, not when all prior or-
ders were suspended,but when the Senate was in
the process of considering the business before it
in the order in which that business was before it,
and he asked leave to present a resolution. I de-
sired to grant the Senatorleave to introduce a res-
olution for one; but I first desired to know whether
