THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next
amendment reserved for a separate vote will now
be reatl. '
The Secretary read it, \yhich waa the amend-
ment offered by Mr. Nssmith,io insertas a new
section the following:
B*e. X-. Jlnd be it further, enacted. That anydraftedper-
son who shall be declared to bfi exempt by reason of phys-
ical disability, unci whose «pnu l.gairvs, pr.ofl.t9, Of income,
as ascertained by the provisionsof the " Act" to provide in-
ternal revenue to support the Government," atfi'd. to pay in-
terest on the public debt," approved July I, 1862, and the
acts annendafocy thereof, exceed tfie sum of $1,000, includ-
ing all deductions authorized to be made in said,acts, such
person shall pay the sum of -$'300 to the person authorized
to'receive commutation money from drafted persons not
exempted; aud it shall be the duty of the provost marshal
of each district to transmit to the collector of internal rev-
enue of shell district the names and residences of all per-
sons drafted and declared to be exempt by re3so.11 of phys-
ical disability ; and if any drafted person so declared to be
exempt, and whose annual gains, profits, or income^ exceed
the sum of ®1,000, to be ascertained as aforesaid, shall
uclect or refuse for the pe'rlod of ten days after his naqie
shall have been transmitted to the collector of internal rev-
enue to pay the sum of $'300 as aforesaid, it shall be the
duty of the collector of internal revenue to collect said sum
in the manner provided by law for the collection of income
tax in default, together with all the penalties and costs
therein provided, and to pay over the said $300 to the per-
son authorized as aforesaid; aud i-ucb drafted person so de-
clared to be exempt, by reason of physical disability, who
shall pay the sum of $300 within ten days after his name
shall have been transmitted to the collector of Internal rev-
enue, shall not again be liable to draft during the time for
which he was drafted ; but if such person shall neglect or
refuse to pay said sum for the period of ten d.ivs as-afore-
said, he shall be liable to draft whenever the President of
the United States shall call for men from the district ill
which he resides; and it shall be the duty of the collector
of internal revenue to transmit to the provost marshal the
names and residences of all sucll persons, required to pay
the sum (if $300 as aforesaid, "ho shall neglect or refuse,
for the period of ten days, to pay said sum.
Mr. CLARK. This is the amendment offered
by the Senator from Oregon, on which I desired
a separate vote; .arid I did so that 1 might hear
from him some explanation of the reasons for
such an amendment. I suppose it passed in Com-
mittee of the Whole without much attention from
the Senate, because inquiry was made of me af-
terwards whether it could have-been understood.
One of the grounds of personal exemption, as
I' understand It, is, that a man is not fit for the
Government service. He presents himself to the
surgeon of the board, and'is examined to see
whether he is fit for the service. Tile board de-
cide that he is not fit for (he service, and they
will not have him; and then by this amendment
you call upon that man, if he has money, to pay
taxes because the Government will not take him.
Then, again, a mail presents himself before the
board who is afflicted with pulmonary consump-
tion, or with phthisic, or some ailment which not
only renders him entirely unfit for service, but
makes him drag alqng his existence in suffering
and affliction. Then, because the Government
will not have him, or he cannot go by reason of
these infirmities, if he is a rich man, you call 011
him to pay for that. In God's name, is it not
enough for a man to be so afflicted? Suchaman,
as the Senator from Vermont suggests-to me,
owes 110 service. God has put it out of his power
to render service, and man proposes to make him
pay a tax for that affliction of Providence. Is not
that the fair construction? 1 should be glad to
hear from the Senator from Oregon some expla-
nation of this provision.
Mr. NICSM1TH. After the vote taken yester-
day, refusing to adopt the amend merit of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs striking out the com-
mutation clause, I ceased to take any interest in
' (his bill. My amendment was then pending, hav-
ing been offered some time previous. I did not
propose to discuss it or ex plain it; neither do I care
about explaining it now; but inasmuch as the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire has called on me for'
an explanation, 1 propose to state briefly what 1
consider to be the merits of the amendment.
1 do not place it 011 the ground that a man is
to be taxed §300 because God has afflicted him
and deprived him of his health, hut- he is to be
taxed §300 because he is rich and able to pay it.
As an illustration,suppose the Senator from New
Hampshire and I were neighbors, and he was
worth §1,000,000. Suppose that he had been
afflicted, not by God, but by the dentist, who
had drawn out a few of his front teeth so that he
could not masticate hard bread orbiteacurtridge.
1 am not worth a dollar. I am draftedi-nto tile ser-
vice. My poisonal seivice and all that I have 011
God 'g earth is taken for the benefit and use of the
Government, while the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, \yho has been afflicted, not byGod,butby
the dentist, is exempt from all service. His prop-
erty, worth |1,000,000, is to be protected by this
Government, and I with my musket on myshotjl-
der must lielp to do it, and he is exempt from all
liability.
That is the ground on which I place the amend-
ment. I think it is equitable. I think it is just.
There is no justice in pursuing a hypothesis in
the prosecution of this war that compels the poor
man, because he is poor and God has not afflicted
him with some exempting cause, to render all
the service and fight the-battles of the country,
while the millionaires, the men who are reveling
in the most extravagant speculations and have
more money than they' know what to do with,
are entirely exempt from doing anything for the
cause of the country.
Mr. CLARK: I do not desire to detain the
Senate; but thecase mentioned, or the illustration
drawn by the Senator from Oregon, would depend
not so much upon the affliction to the person of
the man who was exempt, as-upon the consider-
ation that the Government would not have him.
Now, a man, as he says, may have lost his front
teeth and the Government reject him. Why?
Because he cannot bite his partridge. That man
may feel that affliction greatly, and if the Govern-
ment would take the $300 and give him new teeth,
perhaps he would be glad to go into the Army.
[Laughter.]
I feel the force of all that was said by the ben
ator from Oregon in regard to the personal re-
sponsibility of a man who has property; but let
me suggest to the Senator that this is not the way
to reach it. The poor man is called upon for his
personal service;. the rich man for his personal
service—nothing more. If the poor man has lost
his teeth, he is exempted as well as the rich man
They stand upon an exactequality. The Govern-
ment rejects them both because they are not ser-
viceable in the Army,and for 110 other reason, as
I understand it. The same is true of the man who
has lost his finger. But there may be such hard
cases as those to which I alluded before, where a
man is absolutely afflicted and his life-has become
a burden, and he is called upon to pay by the pro-
visions of this amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on concurring in this amendment made as in
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. CLARK. I ask for the yeas and nays
upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have heard the remarks
of the honorable Senator from Oregon in relatipn
to this proposed amendment,and, if I understood
him aright, he proposes to tax a man because he
is rich. Now, why should youtax a man who is
infirm and cannot render military duty, because
lie is rich, and not tax the man who is so old that
he cannot render duty, becausc he is rich? What
is the reason for the distinction r If the object of
this amendment is to get money out of rich men,
why should you pick out the lame, the halt, and
the blind? Why should you not pick out thr
wealthy whoso age secuies them from the draft
They are the people generally who have most of
the wealth. Why do you not reach such men?
Why make this sort of strange and extraordinary
distinction, requiring money from lgealthy men
provided they aie infirm, and not requiring it from
those who are too old to be drafted? Suppose we
were to render this proposition into plain English
and say, "We will lay a tax upon all lame men
and nil sick men whose income is above such an
amount; but 011 all soundmen whose income may
be double that amount there shall be 110 such lax;'
if it were put into plain English and made to read
just so, would you find a man in this Senate to
vote for it? And yet that is the very thing pro
posed here.
The real truth is, that when we ask men to pay
money not in the form of taxes which arc to be
equal on all, it is only becausc they thereby get
rid of or neglectsome duty. We may make that
a sort of income to us. Wo may insist on the
payment of a considerable amount by men who
neglect some duty. But, I ask, is the man who
is lame, halt, or blind, and incapable of military
service because the Government will notand can-
not take him into that service, guilty of a neglect
of any duty for which w.e should visit this pun-
ishment upon him, and mulct him in fines? 1
cannot see any reason, even if he does not owe
any such military duty, why-he should pay any-
thing for it. If it is a tax, lay it on all who have
the same income.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I suggest to the Senator'
from Oregon to insert some clause in his amend-
ment on this subject of physical disability, so as
to. qualify that 'expression. The suggestion I
would make is to insert these words: " except
for any physical disability which does not prevent
his attending to ordinary business pursuits." .
There arealarge class of physical disabilities that
are allowed to exempt men from military service
which do not in fact prevent them from beingjust
as vigorous in &U the ordinary avocations ^ of
life, farming, mechanics, and mechanical pursuits,
as other men. Of course there would, be great
hardship in the case which has been stated, in re-
quiring a person dying of the consumption to pay
this amount. The language I have suggested
would exclude all that class of cases.
Mr. COLLAMER. Who is to judge of that?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It would be a question to
be decided by the board of enrollment, as a mat-
ter of course.
Mr. CLARK. Why is it that such men do
not go into the service? It is because they are
not permitted to do so by law and by the Gov-
ernment itself, which will not take them. Then
why should they be called upon to pay?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I suggest to the Senator
from Oregon to accept the words I have suggested
qualifying his amendment.
Mr. NES.MITH. I will accept them.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is incompe-
tent for the Senator, at this stage, to modify or
accept any modification of the amendment, as it
has already been acted upon by the Senate and
been agreed to in Committee of the Whole. The
question now is on concurring in that amendment,
and-it is open to amendment by the action of the
Senate, not by the acceptance of the original
mover of the amendment.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Then I will move to amend
the amendment in the second line after the word
" exempt," by striking out the words " by reason
of physical disability," and inserting the words
" for any physical disability which does not pre-
vent his attending to ordinary business pursuits;"
so that it will read:
That any drafted person, who shall be declared to be ex-
empt for any physical disability which doesnntpreventhis
attcucling to ordinary business pursuits, and whose annual
gains, piofit, or income; &c.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on agreeing to the amendment moved by the
Senator from Wisconsin to the amendment
agreed to ill Committee of the Whrfle.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on concurring in the amendment made in
Committee of the Whole, as amended on the mo-
tion of the Se/iator from Wisconsin.
Mr. HOWARD. I intend to vote for this
amendment; but 1 should like to see the sum
which is mentioned in it increased to §1,500. I.
therefore move to strike out " §1,000" wherever
it occurs, and insert "§1,500."
The amend men t to the amend ment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
will call the roll on the amendment made m Com-
mittee of the Whole as it.has been amended in the
Senate.
The question being taken by yens and nays,
resulted—yeas 16, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Conner, Dooiittle,
Hauling, Howard, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Mc-
Dou;*al?, Moiiian, Nesuntli, Iluni^ey, Sherman, Sumner,
Tninilmll, and Wade—1G.
NAYS—Messrs. Bilek.ilew, Carlile, Claik, Oollamer,
Cowan, Davis, Dixon," Fessenden, Foot, Fosler, Harian,
flanis, Henderson, IlomhicUs, Howe, Johnson, Morrill,
Pomeroy, Pcnve-ll, Ten Eyek,Van Winkle, Wiiloy,Wilson,
and Wiiglit—24.
So the amendment as amended was non-con-
curred in.
Mr. COWAN. I move to strike out the nine-
teenth section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. TheSenate are
now considering the amendments which have been
made in Committee of the Whole. After the Sen-
ate shall have acted on all the amendments made
in'Committee of the Whole, the bill will be open
