2246
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 12,
going too fast and too far. This fact has often
been verified in politics and in morals, as well as
in the physical world. History is fall of the
tendency of "extremes beget extremes.'' It would
be well,! think, to observe this old but valuable
maxim; and statesmen and Senators here would
do well in this revolutionary hour of our expe-
rience to pay some heed to its lessons written
upon every page of human history. In the re-
ligious world, m thepolitical world, in the phys-
ical world, in every department of society, and
in every interest of humanity we have received
greater detriment from the reaction of extreme
hurried and radical policies and action than from
any and all the supposed evil tendencies of a con-
servative progress and prudent and carefully con-
sidered advancement. Rashness has ruined many
a good cause, and many a good man. It is never
wise to disregard the lessons of experience.
Take the case of France for illustration, which
just now occurs to me. Prior to the Revolution
her people through the length and breadth of the
kingdom were crushed into the dust under the
tyranny that rested upon her bosom; but human
nature could not endure it, and revolted at last.
Shearoused herself from her lethargy; she threw
off the shackles that bound her; but she did not
stop at the proper point. Released from the des-
potism that had crushed her to earth, and intox-
icated with the spirit of her new-born liberty, she
swung over to the other extreme of revolutionary
license and revolutionary licentiousness; and the
ignorant mob, suddenly endowed with the privi-
leges of freemen, suddenly clothed with the very
franchise which it is now proposed to confer on
the still more ignorant negro, instead of establish-
ing liberty upon a rational and permanent basis,
plunged the country into the wildest and bloodiest
disorders that ever afflicted a nation. What then ?
This was the first reaction, the extreme result of
a revolt against extreme tyranny. Hut what then?
The people sought for a refuge from the ever-
smoking guillotine reeking with blood, from the
ever-groaning dungeons filled with the victims of
moboerutic violence, from the licentiousness of
infidelity, from all the intolerable disordeis of the
State. The reaction began. The pendulum swung
hack towaid the old dynasty. First they made a
consul, then an emperor, and finally came brick
the old Bourbon, with all the ingrained, hereditary
despotism of a thousand years, and sat down
again on the throne of his ancestors reestablished
on the crushed liberties of the people.
That was one instance of miction, and of the
result of reaction from extreme measures. It is
only one illustration out of a thousand; and God
knows that wise and thoughtful men must sec in
our own times most pot lentous tendencies toward
these extremes in our own country; and now,
surely, is not the time when we should throw into
the political caldron a mass of ignorant, servile
population even in this District, that will become
the tool and toy of demagogues and time-servers.
Sir, it will not do to tell me that the exercise of
this light of suffrage in some of the free States
Vkhen* coloied persons have the privilege of vot-
ing works 110 evil. The free negroes there me
men ofeduoation to someextent; they have grown
up in the midst of free institutions and subject to
their influence, and they are in number but as fin
atom in the great mass. But when you come to
a community full of contrabands, utterly igno-
rant, utterly incapable of understanding "the na-
ture and duty of suffrage, and who compose a
fourth, or it may be ere long a half, of the entiio
community, it is a very different matter. Sir, you
cannot wipe out the servile instincts of the eman-
cipated slave by a dash of the pen. lloisas iguo-
lant to-day as he was yesterday before he was
emancipated; as incapable to-dayas he was yes-
terday of exercising this great fi anehi.se of o freo-
man. Y ou cannot elevate this mass of ignorant
persons in-our community to the true platform of
republican equality and liberty by a simple statute
of Congress. It will take time; it will take edu-
cation; 31 will take the influences of religion and
of science and of habits of social equality, before
they will be competent guardians of this great
principle of free institutions.
Mr. President, I ought, perhaps, to ask pardon
of the Senate for detaining them so long on a mat-
ter which i? v/os not my intention to-discussat
such ]epofil; but I i:ii,-,t i)"VM theirs respond to
the sog-rt ^r iTIf> of f l|. fmifii! M I do Sf-IIM tot ft Oil) New
Jersey. Coming from a bolder State, from the
border State that has the proud right to claim to
be the first portion of the States m rebellion to
rescue herself from its power, whose soil drank
the first blood shed in defense of our old flag,
which was the first State to emancipate her slaves:
coming from that State, and having myself, I say
it with all humility, taken an earnest part in ac-
complishing that result, I warn Senators, I beseech
them, not to urge this measure upon us. If they
do they will create a public sentiment and a pub-
lic excitement along the border States, the effects
of which they can little anticipate to-day; and as
the honorable Senatorfrom New Jersey said, you
cannot afford, in this hour of our country's peril,
to endanger the full united force and influence of
the Union sentiment everywhere. I beseech you,
therefore, not to press this matter, not to defeat the
amendment proposed.
Sir, when our white men are dying by thou-
sands in defense of their country, and when the
fate of the nation is trembling m the balance, why
should we disturb the equanimity of the whole
nation, as this question will through its moral in-
fluences, by discussing whether or not a fewcon-
tiabands, a few emancipated slaves, shall now
have the right of suffrage in the District of Co-
lumbia? Let us postpone it till the proper time,
until they are qualified to exercise it, and then I
shall have no objection. But, sir, as I icflect on
this subject many considerations crowd upon my
mind. This is a fundamental right; it lies at the
foundation of republican institutions; and let me
ask you where was there a community or a State
in this Union where the people did not regulate
the right for themselves? Shall we, therefore,
coming from the various quarteis of this country,
with no interest m common wiih the people of
the District of Columbia, we who are not to be
affected fbr weal or for woe by this legislation,
undertake, without knowing that the will of the
people of this District is in favor of it, to fix the
right of suffrage for them by admitting negroes
to its enjoyment' Sir, this light belongs nat-
urally and iumlnmentally to the people whoie the
franchise is to be exercised. Shall we, theie-
fore, assume to say who shall he endowed with
jt heiu? Shall we, without any petitions from the
people of this District, without anything before
the Senate to indicate that this bill, in any of its
parts, is required by the people of this District,
undertake to say of our own volition that we will
impose upon them a provision which is odious to
them and will, m my estimation, be disastrous in
its results not only here but in its influence on
popular opinion cveiyw lie re in tins nation ?
All. SUMNER. Mr. Piesident, slavery dies
hard, it now stands front to front with our em-
battled aimieSjSiill holding them in check. It
dies haul on the battle-field. It dies hard m the
Senate Chamber. Sir, we have been compelled
during this session to listen to various defenses
of slavery, sometimes in its mostoffenstve forms.
Slave-hunting has been openly vindicated on this
floor. And now, to-day the exclusion of colored
persons from the electoral franchise, simply on
account of color, has been openly vindicated, and
the Senator from West Virginia, newly intro-
duced into this Chamber from a State born of
freedom, rises hero to uphold slavery in one of
its meanest products.
Mr. W1LLEY. Mr. President, 1 cannot pass
that assertion without giving it an unequivocal,
categorical denial. 1 have not vindicated slavery
m any of its aspects. I said to the Senator, what
perhaps he did not hear before, that when he has
liberated by the sweat of his brow as many slaves
as [ have, he can get up and make such a i einai k
m regaid to me.
Mr. SUMNER. I said, «ir, that the Senator
vindicated .slavery in one of its meanest products.
I repeat, what I said. The Senator has spoken,
1 do not know how long by the clock, to vindi-
cate an odious prejudice bequeathed by slavery,'
having Us origin in slavery, and in nothing else.
Had slavery never existed m this country there
would have been no such prejudice as that of
which the Senator now makes himself the repre-
sentative. Far better would it have been for that
Senator, whocomes into this Chamber as a repre-
sentative of a newly made free State, had he sur-
rendered himself generously to the sentiment in,
which his new State had its birth. But instead
of that he comes forwaid and labors with un- ■
wonted earnestness to fasten upon the national
capital something of that odious character which
is derived from slavery. The Senator says he
has not vindicated slavery, tie has not used the
word; but he has vindicated the thing in one of
its most odious features. He seeks to blast a
whole race; and why ? Merely on account of a
distinction of color! Would he have ever thought
of proposing such an injustice but for the preju-
dices nursed by slavery? Had not slavery ex-
isted would any such idea ever have found place
in a Senator naturally so generous and humane?
No, Sir, he spoke with the voice of slavery, which
he cannot yet forget. He spoke under the un-
happy and disturbing influences which slavery
has left in his mind.
Now, sir, I am against slavery wherever it
shows itself, whatever form it may take. I am
against slavery when I am compelled to meet it
directly, and I am against slavery in its products
and in its offspring. I am against slavery when
I am compelled to meet the beast outright, or
when I am compelled to meet only its tail. The
prejudices of which the Senator fYom West Vir-
ginia has made himself the representative to-day,
permit me to say, are nothing but the tail of sla-
very. Unhappily, while wo have succeeded in
abolishing slavery in this District, we have not
yet abolished the tail; and the tail has represent-
atives in the Senate Chamber as the beast once
had representatives m the Senate Chamber.
We have been reminded more than once that
we are engaged in a fearful conflict. The Senator
over the v/ay [Mr. Willey] has reminded us of
it. Senators nearer to me have reminded us of it.
This is too true; and now, as that conflict lowers
upon us, I invoke the spirit of our fathers. They
went forth to battle with the Declaration of Inde-
pendence on their hps. They solemnly declared
that all men were boin equal, entitled to life, lib-
el ty, and the pursuit of happiness. They did
not introduce any discrimination of color into that
sacied text; nor did they introduce any discrim-
ination of color into the contemporary Articles of
Con/Vdeiation ; nor again did they introduce any
discrimination of color into the Constitution of
the United States, which was the woik of their
hands. I am content now to be guided by their
great example. As they went forth to meet the
enemy they placed themselves under the protec-
tion of the God of justice. Let us imitate their
example.
I had not intended to say a word on this occa-
sion, but I could not listen to the remarks of the
Senator from West Virginia, so harsh and un-
feeling towaid a whole rate, belonging to the hu-
man family, like himself, without interposing ti
solemn protest.
Since this debate began I have sent to the Law
Library for a volume which contains the author-
itative words of a very eminent southern magis-
tiate, a slaveholder, with regard to the electoral
franchise. It has been a question in what States
at the time of the adoption of the Constitution
colored persons enjoyed this franchise. I say
nothing now about the more northern States; but
theie is a State which has been icfened to, with
regard to which there is peculiar evidence, 1 mean
North Carolina. The enjoyment of the electoral
fianchise by colored persons m that State for a
long time after the Constitution was not a matter
ofdoubt. Hcrmosteminent magistrate, the late
Chief Justice Gaston, accomplished as a jurist
and as a man, has laid down the law of his State
on that subject in most emphatic words. Giving
the opinion of the supreme court of North Car-
olina in the case of The State vs. Manuel (4 Dev-
ereux^s and Battle's Reports, page 20) he said:
" Slave* manumitted ln-ic became ficcnvm, and tlme-
fore, if born wjtlnn North Carolina, are citi/.en- of Noitli
Caiolina. and all liee poisons horn within the State are
burn citizen* of the State. The Gon&tnuiion extended the
elective lranchi^e to eveiy tiecmaii who had ;irt ived n t tin;
age of twenty-one and paid a public tax ; audit na matter
of unirersal notonety (hat, under it, jree persons, without
legardto color, claimed and excrci^cd the franchise, uvti?
it was taken Jrota Jree men oj colot a few yeais since hy our
amended Constitution
There is still another case, that of The State vs.
Newcomb, (5 Iredell's Reports, page 253,) which
was decided in 1844, where the supreme court of
North Carolina, after referring to the opinion of
Chief Justice Gaston from which I have just read,
said:
'•That unrterwent a v
both by the h.ir and the h<'u< h
\ labotiouj invest mat ion,
Tli" eawe wa^biought lit-re
