THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Tihrty-Eigiitii Congress,*1st Session.
MONDAY, JANUARY 18, 1864.
New Series No. 15.
to amendment on the motion of individual Sena-
tors. The next amendment reserved for a sepa-
rate vote will now be read.
The Secretary read it, which was to insert as
a new section the following:
Anil be it further enacted, That any person notliable to be
enrolled or drafted into the military service ot the United
States may volunteer and then furnish an sieccptabic sub-
stitute, and be n-lieved from performing duty in person
either upon a call for voluntoer&or whenadiaft isoidered.
Mr. CLARK. I offered that amendment m
Committee of the Whole, and it was adopted.
On farther consideration, I am satisfied that the
amendment may be subject to misconstruction,
and perhaps abuse. 1 did not suppose it would
secure many soldiers to the Army, and so small
is the object to be attained that it had better bo
withdrawn, and I ask the unanimous consent of
the Senate to withdraw it. I do not think it per-
haps wise in its present form
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The proper
order of proceeding would be to take the question
in the Senate, and if the amendment is non-con-
curred in, it amounts to the same thing. It would
be somewhat irregular to withdraw the amend-
ment after a vote has been taken upon it in Com-
mittee.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senate
having acted on all amendments mode m Com-
mittee of the Whole, the hill is now open to fur-
ther amendment.
Mr. COWAN. I move to strikeoutthe nine-
teenth section of the bill. The first clause of that
section provides for regulating the fees to be paid
to attorneys by persons seeking exemption. I
think there are certain subjects properiy within
the purview of legislation, and others thatare not,
and this is one of them. I thmkithad far better
be left to the people to make their own bargains
with their attorneys, and they will sec that they
are well made—better made than we can make
them for them.
Again, I look upon this as a simple bounty to
pettifoggers. Are these men not to have respect-
able lawyers, men who require a respectable fee
for their services; or are you to confine them to
those who will take five dollars, and not expect
any more, unless they take it in the face of the
law, which they are veiy likely to do? That is
the first objection that I have to this scction. 1
hope that it will be fatal.
There is another clause which provides that—
"Any phv-ieian or wurjjeon who shall, directly 01 indi-
rectly, demand oi receive any compensation for furnishing
said ceitificutes of disability, shall he doomed {.'nil!) of a
high misdeineanoi, and, upon conviction, shall, for eveiy
such offen-e, he fined not evceeding .^'iOO,to be recoveiod
hetoie any court o' competent juiibdietion j'' S*c.
I suppose the intention of this section was hard-
ly to prevent persons enrolled from receiving cer-
tificates of disability from physicians; and yet if
that was not the purpose, it is veiy hard to see
liow a man will get a certificate at all, ifthe physi-
cian is not to be allowed pay for it, and is more-
over subject to such an enormous penalty as this
for the charge of taking compensation; and that
charge, it will be remembered, is very easily made,
and very difficult to be disproved, The laet is, if
it were once made and supported by a single oath,
it would be utterly impossible for any surgeon or
physician to disprove it; and that I think is mis-
chievous in the section.
But there is another clause in the same section
which 1 think is not only mischievous, but wrong
and absurd; and that is, that attorneys who re-
ceive ft cm their clients more than five dollars for
their services in each ease, and surgeons and phy-
sicians who receive any compensation for their
services, shall " be fined not exceeding $500, to be
recovered before any court of competent jurisdic-
tion in an action of debt, one half for the us-.e of
any informer who may sue for the same in the
name of the United States"—which,I will remark
here in passing, is a bounty to informers, the most
obnoxious class of men that exist in any society:
the informer and the plaintiff m a qui tam action
would have a very nice thing, and no great trouble
15
to make out an action-—" one half for the use of
any informer who may sue for the same in the
name of the United States, and the other half for
the use of the United States." So far, that is all
well enough. I suppose a penalty of this kind
might be imposed in the way we have imposed it,
and it might be recovered in an action of the nature
contemplated in this section. But, sir, what fol-
lows, it seems to me, is going a very groat way
beyond that; and that is, that the delinquent
u shall also be subject to imprisonment for a term
not exceeding one year, at the discretion of the
court." 1 understand it to be the meaning of the
committee who leported this section that the court,
after having entered judgment in a qui tam action
of debt, may sentence the defendant to a year's
imprisonment.
Mr. HOWARD. If the Senator from Penn-
sylvania will allow me one word of explanation,
I will say that we have amended this section about
which he is commenting, and changed the lan-
guage so that it reads thus, as the bill now stands
befoie the Senate:
u rihall for evoiybu^h otTcnsebo fined not cxceoding$500,
to be recovered upon inhumation or indictment bel'oic a
court of competent jurisdiction in an action of debt, one
half for the use of any mtonner;'' S c.
The woids Jt in an action of debt" aie stricken
out, and the words " upon information or indict-
ment" are inserted after the word "recovered."
That was done yesterday.
Mr. COWAN. The imprisonment clause is
retained, I suppose? • 
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, sir.
Mr. COWAN. Even if it were amended it is
not free from objection; and it cannot be free from
objection. The way to multiply the number of
criminals in any country is to increase the num-
bei of ctimes bv means of statutes, and to make
those things offenst s by the law which were not
so before. Now, is it necessary at this time to
put two such respectable professions as those of
law and medicine under the ban of a statute of
this kind? It seems to me enormous to impose
such penalties as these are for that which hereto-
fore has been perfectly innocent. Nobody sup-
posed heretofore that there was any spice of crim-
inality whatever in it. It is true, I have no doubt,
the very class of la wyei s who practice under this
scction have oftentimes imposed upon persons
who have been seeking exemption; but how art we
to protect those persons m cases of that kind when
they cannotprotect themselves? Anyattempt to
do so by means of legislation has always pioved
futile. These Ameucan citizens enrolled and
drawn are quire as competent, and far more so, I
think, to take care of their own affairs, and make
their bargains with their attorneys and physicians,
than we are to do it by law. I hope, therefore,
this blot will not bo put on the bill, because I see
nothing but misehief to result from it; and it will
be calculated to fuither the designs of bad men,
and to prevent the interfei enee of good ones in the
work of procuring exemptions.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Pennsylvania moves to amend the bill by
striking out the nineteenth section, which will be
read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Src. 19. And he U jiuthcr rncutcd, That the fees of
a«i-nt- ami auofne.\ s tot m dcintr out and cm-iii!; to he ex-
ecuted am paper • in k uppot t of <i claim 101 exemption honi
di ift, or tor am r ei v ;ce - tnar muv he tendered to the claim-
ant, sdiai! nor sn any c\im* ewed the dollar; ond phj-a-
eian* or fcUiifcmi-. fin rii-h.n^ ci->t>fieate& ot di-ability to any
claimant tot exemption man diatt f-liall not be entitled to
any f( e< oi compensation tlui-doi And any agent or at-
torney who --hall, diUM tiy 01 ludaectiy. demand oj iec<jivc
am greater compensation loi )u^ti\iee5 under this act,
and any phy^ieian or s-uijieon win. -dialf. diiectlv or indi-
icetlv. th nu'id ui lercne any i ompen-ution fui Hunching
said ceitiiicares oi dt nhjlin . -hall be deemed guilt}'of a
hiph niis-dcmeanoi. ; nd up. n conviction ^liail. for even
*uch often,-e, be nu> d not exceeding to lie recovered
bofoic an}' coin t of compete nt .pa ^diction upon mlorma-
tion oi indictment, one hall foi the u-e of any mfomicr
who maypro.secd?e for the same in the name of the United
States, and the othci half lor ihr use of the United States,
and shrdi al>o he subject to nppiwmmem for a term not
exceeding one yeni. at the di=cietion oi the couit.
Mr. WILSON. I hope the Senate will not
strike out that section. It proposes to correct a
most gross abuse that now exists in nearly all the
congressional districts of the country. A class
of men have undertaken to engage in this busi-
ness, and to receive contingent fees amounting to
$100, $200, and sometimes §250. It has been a
source of corruption and misrepresentation. Men
have professed to have great iniluence with the
enrolling board, and have taken enormous fees to
get men discharged. Thin section places the law-
yer in these cases upon the same ground as a
counsel that engages in a pension case. We have
legislated upon that subject. If asoldiernoWgoes
to a lawyer, and he aids him in obtaining a pen-
sion, the fee is fixed bylaw. We propose to give
the same fee here, and to .make the cases equal;
and for all proper purposes more labor is required
to prepare the papers necessary to obtair a pen-
sion than to prepare any papers of this kind.
I hope this scction will not be stricken out, and
that we shall correct an abuse under which great
corruptions have been practiced. Why, sir, there
have been paiu, and it is well known to be so, in
some of the congressional districts, $2,000 and
$3,OOOascontingent fees. Enormous fees are paid.
The sum named in this section is abundant for all
proper purposes. The counsel need not go before
the enrollment board. All that is necessary for
him to do is to make out the proper papers for a
person to carry there. I do not know that it is
necessary for him to do anything at all, but it can
be butvery little. I hope, therefore, thata provis-
ion intended to correct great abuses that exist in
the country will not be stricken out.
Mr. COWAN, if I were to admit the mischief of
which the honorable Senator from Massachusetts
complains, it would still be no argument in favor
of this provision, because it is not calculated to
correct it. On the other hand, it is calculated to
introduce an additional one. If it be true, as I said
before, that attorneysimpose upon their clients by
charging them too much, there is no way in the
world by which thatcan be remedied. Itcannot
be remedied certainly by shutting off from the
reach of clients the respectable members of the
profession who would be likely to be governed by
this law, and throwing them into the hands of
those who care about no laws of this kind, and
who would be perfectly willing for the sake of a
fee to run the nsk of the prosecution contemplated
in this scction.
I may say too, and I mightappeal to the expe-
rience of all kuvyeis in this body, that laws of
this kind never producetheeffect that is intended
by them. They usually fail; and they fail sim-
ply for the reason that the subject itself is not
wiihin the proper purview of legislative action.
Where people cannot protect themselves, it is no
use to attempt it on the pait of the law. Only
those who are defenseless lequire that protection;
and I should be veiy glad if the section should
be strickcn out.
Mr. HOWE. I wish the Senator from Massa-
chusetts would explain what is the effect of this
certificate of a surgeon. I think this section ap-
plies to smgrons who are not members of the
board. What is the effect of such a certificate,
and has ii any weight whatever before theboaidr
Mr. WILSON, it has no legal weight; butit
has a greaf deal of influ< nee. The result is that
a class of mere quacks have set up this business
and have opened offices to write papers for men
toprcNciU before the boaid of enrollment; and we
want to destroy that business. An honest sur-
goon living in the neighborhood, knowing a man
well, would not hesitate to write a few words in
reference to Ins condition; and that paper is pre-
sented to the board and has a certain degree of
weight, i t is possible 1 hat the surgeon of the board
may know who this surgeon is and what he is.
An honest suigeon desiiing to do what was right
and proper toward a pati<nt of his would not
need any fee for such a service; but a class of men
have set up the business of making these papers
just as a class of shysters, unworthy members of
thelegal profession, have set upasimilarbusmess
for drawing exemption papers. A class of men
