THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 24'
. Mr. SHERMAN. Yery well.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The decision
of the Chair is that the motion of the Senator
from Kentucky ns stated cannot now be enter-
tained, the question being the bill reported by
-the Senator of Ohio, which was made the special
order for one o'clock. From the decision of the
Chair iho Senator from Kentucky appeals, and
the question is, 44 Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the Senate?5'
Mr, McDOCJGALL, Is it not within the power
of the Senate to conduct its order of business?
Although the Senator from Ohio may have a bill
pending now and under consideration, is it not
within the power of the Senate to take up any new
6ubject«n atter by a majority vote?
ThePRESlDIKGOFFiCER. It iAo.inthe
opinion of the Chair, but no such motion has been
made. At least the Senator from Kentucky does
not make such a motion.
Mr. 1)AVIS. May I be allowed to say a word
upon the appeal ?
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the appeal from the decision of the Chair,
JVlv- DAVIS. The motion that I made was to
suspend the pending and all prior orders, avow-
ing the purpose that., if that motion was sustained,
I wished to offer a resolution. Now, I maintain
that that motion is m strict order, and has been
entertained from time immemorial in every par-
liamentary body.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I desire to ask a ques-
tion of the Senator.
Mr. DAVIS. I yield for the purpose of re-
ceiving the question.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I desire to ask the Sen-
ator from Kentucky if he has sent his resolution
to the table.
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly ! have.
Mr. McDOCJGALL. And offered it to be read
at the desk ?
Mr. DAVIS. I sent it to the d^sk before I
made my motion. Now, Mr. President, 1 merely
want to state the point ofparhameniary principle
and practice without any argument about it. I
made the motion in the form in which the motion
i« universally made, m which form only it can be
legitimately made. I did not make, without
avowing any purpose, a motion to suspend the
pending and all prior orders, but I made a motion
to suspend the pending and all prior oiders, avow-
ing that it was my purpose to offer a resolution,
which was ihc inducement with me to make that
motion. Now, sir, I maintain that the parlia-
ments y practice m every deliberative assembly is
thai Mieh a motion h always math* in that form,
and if it is sustained by the body to which it h
made, n noes not bring up necessarily nor at all |:
the resolution or the business that was connected i!
with the motion. On the contiury, the Senate may !j
decide to tnko up any other business, and i have 'i
known tlu i ioiiRcof Repu sennuivesand theSon- |l
ate to have such a motion made to them Irundredsof !'
times, the Housh of Representatives paitieuUriy, '
and the mntiontoLt;sustainedtommpend the' pen'd- !
nig and all pi ntr orders, and then 1 have known !
three or four distinct motions to be suggested, and 1
all to be pending before ihc Senate or House at
one time and each competing with the other. The
determination of the Senate or of any deliberative
body to st!' p< rid the pending and all prior orders
does not nercssuniy bring up the lesolntion or the
business thnf is connected with it by the person
making the mot ton. When the IToupc or the Sen-
ate litis yo acfeu, it is just as free to take up any
other busings as the business that has hem men-
tioned in ownnrctkm with the motion, and that is
the parliamentary law.
Mr. HALE. I move to lay the appeal on the
table, 3 J 1
Mr. DAVIS. On that motion I ask for the yeas
and nuv.s. ii
The \ ens and nayj were ordeied !'
T\w PRESIDING OFFICER. The decision ll
of the (Iluur was iluU the motion of the Senator I'
from Kentucky could not be entertained. Fiom l!
that decUion the Senator from Kentucky took an
aj^il^ndthequesL'on was, "Shall the'decision !!
ot the Chair stand as the judgment of the Sen- !|
ate?" The motion now is to lay that appeal jj
upon the table. Those who are m favor of laying t
thi, appeal upon the table will, as their names ]i
ai<: culled, answer yen," and those opposed will ||
answer " nay,1* ||
Mr. JOHNSON, Before voting I wish to know
exactly what the decision of the Chains. I will
state what I understand it to be. The member
from Kentucky 
Several Senators. You are not in order.
Mr, SHERMAN. It is my duty to insist on
order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion to
lay on the table is not debatable.
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 understand that; I am not
going 'to debate it; I only want to understand
what the question is. I cannot vote without it
except by a guess. I only wish to know what it
is. The member from Kentucky has moved to
suspend all prior orders, and does not accompany
it with any purpose as a part of his motion to
take up other business. It is simply a proposi-
tion to suspend all prior orders. 1 understand
the Chair to say that that cannot be received.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the
decision of the Chair.
Mr. MeDOUGALL. I should like to have
advice. I do not understand exactly the reason
of the rule laid down by the Chair. I should like
to have the Chair, for the information not only of
myself but of other Senators, to state the reason
of the decision. I do 'not understand it myself.
I hope the Chair will be kind enough to state the
reason of the rule, and what, the rule is exactly.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. In the opinion
of the Chair such a motion cannot bo entertained,
because it would leave the body without business.
The Senate would simply vote that they suspend
business, and there it would stop. In the opinion
of the Chair no motion of that sort is a parlia-
mentary motion.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I understood the reso-
lution had been brought to the table here, and
that the motion was to postpone all prior orders
to take up the resolution sent to the Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thatis not the
motion. .The motion is not so made.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 2(5, nays 6; as follows:
YEAS—Mcsr". Anthony, Brown, ('handler, Collamor.
Coiine??, Cowan, lh\on, <iilines dale, Harlan, lftck^
Howard, Howe, Johnson, Lane of Kauris, McDousjall,
Mnjcan, MoinII, N^snnlh, Pomeioyy dhtunian, iSumuer,
Ten fiyek, Tiumtiull, Willev, and Wilson—<26.
NAY^—Messrs. Huekalcw, Davis, Hendricks*, Powell,
Kiddle, and tiautebuiy—G 
ABSENT—Wc-vf*. Carl lie, Cloik, DooHttle, Fessonden,
T'oot, Fo-ter, Hauling, Harris, Ilr-iideison,Lune o! Indiana,
Knm-ipy,Uiehard>on, Spiague,Van Winkle, Wade, Wilk-
in«<on, and Wiiglit—17.
So the appeal was ordered to lie on the table.
MILITARY INTER*1iOKlCNCK WITH ELECTIONS.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The spccul
order is before the Senate.
Mr. POWELL. I move to suspend the order
under consideration for the purpose of taking up
the motion enteied by the Senator from Iowa
[Mr. Haklan'J to reconsider Senate bill No. 37.
I do not desire to say one wind on the subject; I
nieiely s\ ish to take the vote by yeas and nays.
Mr. SHERMAN, I hope wc shall not post-
pone the appropriation bill for that purpose. I
simply ask for the question.
The motion was not agreed to.
MESHAQK FROM THIS HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Mei'iicnsnK, its C'eik, announced that
the House had pa.ssed the bill (S. No. 296) in ie-
I  tion to the fees ond emoluments of the marshal,
aitorney, and cleik of the supieme court of the
District of Columbia, and for other purposes,
with amendments; m which the concurrence of
the Senate was lequested.
The message also announced that the House
bad passed a bill (U. R. No. 435) concerning
location of lands in the State of Missouri; a bill ;
(II. It. No. 553) to facilitate the repaymt nt of !
depositors at the «?ssay office in New York; !
and a lull (H. R. No. 534) to provide for the im- '
provement of ihc pounds of the Government ;
hospital for tho insane by an exehange of land.
The message farther announced UnUthe House
of Representatives had agreed to the report of the '
committee of eontlvenc^ on the disagreeing votes «
of the two Houses upon the bill (S. No. 55) in ;
relation to the circuit eoui t m and for the district
of Wisconsin, and for other purposes. >
The message also announced that the House '
insisted on its amendments to the bill (S. No. I
j 130) to regulate proceedings in cases between land-
I lord and tenant in the District of Columbia, agreed
| to the conference asked by the Senate, and had
j appointed Mr. J. F. WasoNof Iowa, Mr. T.T.
Davis of New York, and Mr. E. Wheeler of
Wisconsin, managers at the conference on its
part.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
following enrolled bills; and they were thereupon
signed by the President pro tempore:
A bill (S. No. 2G) to provide for the public in-
struction of youth in the county of Washington,
District of Columbia;
A bill (S. No. 85) to provide for the examina-
tion of certain officers of the Army;
A bill (S. No. 115) for the propcrorganization
of the levy court of the county of Washington,
in the District of Columbia;
A bill (S. No. 162) amendatory of an act en-
titled "An act to promote the progress of the use-
ful arts," approved March 3, 1863;
A bill (S. No. 279) to amend the act of Con-
gress making donations to settlers on the public
lands in Oregon, approved September 27, 1855,
and the acts amendatory thereto; und
A hill (H. R. No. 537) to incorporate the Young
Men's Christian Association of Washington.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I desire to make
a personal explanation. Last evening the Sena-
tor from Indiana [Mr. Hendricks] being com-
pelled to leave the Senate, fr agreed to pair off
with him in the vote upon the measure then pend-
ing to repeal the commutation clause. The first
vote that was taken was upon a motion to ad-
journ, and I then stated the arrangement that I
had made with that Senator and declined to vote;
but the final vote was not taken until after twelve
o'clock, and by that time I had entirely forgotten
the arrangement, and when my name was called
I voted and immediately left the Senate Chamber,
and the mistake I had made did not occur to me
until 1 had got some way down the avenue. I ask
leave, therefore, with this explanation, to with-
draw my name.
_ ^ The PRESf DING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster.)
The Senator from Wisconsin asks to withdraw
his name from the vote of last evening.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Of course I care nothing
about that. It is not necessary that the name be
withdiawn, for it does not change the result. All
• 1 desired was that it should appear that my vote
was compensated by the withdrawal of another
vote.
Mr. HOWE. If the Senator is satisfied, I do
not insist upon the request.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Wisconsin then makes no motion.
HOUSE "BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sscntntives were read twice by their titles and re-
fericdas indicated below:
A bill (No. 133) for the relief of William Saw-
yer and others of the State of Ohio—to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
A hill (No. 435) concerning locations of lands
in the State of Missouri—to the Committee on
Public Lands.
A bill (No. 553) to facilitate the repayment of
depositors at the assay oifico in New "York—to
the Committee on Finance.
A bill (No. 554) to provide for the improve-
ment of the grounds of the Government hospital
for the insane by an exchange of land—to the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds.
CIYIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senatesas in Committee of the Whole, pro-
ceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 527) mak-
ing appropriations for sundry civil expenses of
the Government for the year ending the 30th of
Juno,1865.
The first amendment of the Committee on
Finance was in lines one hundred and thirty-four
and one hundred and thirty-live of section one to
stiike out "during the sickly season'* after
" Home;" so as to make the clause read: " For re-
p.ms, lefntmg, and furnishing the Prendonf's
summer residence at the Soldiers' Home, $3,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
