226
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
has thus sprung up of quack doctors and ninth-
rate lawyers who have been making fortunes out
of the poor men of the country; and we want to
cut this up, root and branch.
Mr. HOWE. If the Senator will allow me one
more question; this section proposes to punish
sturgeons unconnected with the board who tales
an extra fee, or any fee, for furnishing these cer-
tificates. Is there any law which imposes any pen-
alty upon the surgeon of the board, or upon the
board, for using these fictitious certificates, or for
improperly and willfully granting improjpr ex-
emptions?
Mr. .WILSON. Yes; both in this and the
other act.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania, to strike out the section which has been
read.
Me. COWAN called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
Mr. JOHNSON. If I thought that the reten-
tion of this section would answer the purpose the
committee had in recommending it, or the Senate
would have in adopting it, 1 should vote against
the motion to strike it out. But, so far from its
having the designed effect, I think, judging from
the experience of the past, it will have the opposite
effect. The fee itself, as far as the section allows
it for attorneys, five dollars, I haffe no doubt we
may fix by legislation. The legislation of nearly
all the States oftheUnion regulates to a certain ex-
tent the fees of counsel. It never has been doubted
that it was within the power of legislation to make
a regulation of that description; but the regulation
in all those cases is one which prohibits to the
attorney or counsel who may be employed, the
right to recover more than the sum provided for;
it does not subject him to a criminal prosecution;
but even in those cases where the fee is limited
by legislation, contracts are constantly made by
which the counscl receives a larger sum than the
sum limited by the law, and the courts I believe
in all of the States—unless there were positive
words prohibiting me making of a contiact for a
larger sum—have recognized the authority of the
citizen to make contracts of that kind; and the
practical expciience has been, I think, that pro-
hibitory legislation of tins nature never does an-
swer the purpose for which it is intended. There
are men who will engage to render professional ser-
vice for five dollars, but it is a professional service,
generally speaking, only in name. Men of that de-
scription are not competent to render any efficient
service; but under a belief, because they profess
to be lawyers, that they are competent to the dis-
charge of their profession, many pcrsonsare will-
ing to employ them, and they find out, after it is
too late, that in order to save a little money for
a professional service they have involved them-
selves in much greater difficulty and in much
heavier losses than would have been the result of
their paying competent counsel.
Now, as far as the provision in regard to sur-
geons is concerned, it seems to me tlmt it places
the diafted soldier in a very unpleasantsituation.
1 suppose a great many surgeons would vei y will-
ingly perform this service without being paid at
all; but the drafted man may.not be within the
reach of surgeons of that dcsci iptiou; and if the
Senator from Massachusetts is right in saying that
there exists in some of the Slates of the Union—
I suppose he meant his own State—combinations
amon^ surgeons by which they constitute this a
matter of business, and for the purpose of the few
dollars that they make by it, perpetrate frauds
upon the public, it might be very difficult for a
poor man who is drafted or tiny man who is
drafted to get a surgical opinion at nil; and lie
would then have to go befote the em oiling boat d
and be his own surgeon; whether effectually or
not the result would prove.
But, to conclude, Mr President, the class of
counsel, or f( attorneys," as this bill calls them,
and the class of surgeons against whom the pio-
visions of this section are intended to guard, are
not prevented, I think, from perpetrating their
frauds by any such pi ovision as this bill contains.
If there are men who have no sense of public duty
and are governed by no sense of moral propiiety,
so that they commit the acts to which the Senator
from Massachusetts lefers, you cannot restrain
them by this legislation; they will commit them
in spite of your legislation; and the only effect of
the legislation, therefore, may be to disgust the
honest counsel, and to disgust the honest surgeon,
and to prevent them from rendering the service
which the citizen may require.
Mr. WILSON. I will simply say to the Sen-
ator from Maryland that no honestlawyer, I think,
will decline to do the little business that is neces-
sary to bring this about for any of his neighbors
and friends 
Mr. JOHNSON. I think so too.
Mr. WILSON. He will not decline it for this
sum any more than he will decline to do the little
business that is necessary to help a wounded sol-
dier to get a pension for what the law allows him
to charge for that. We had these same practices
in regard to pensions until wo corrected them by
law. As to surgeons, a man living in the neigh-
borhood of a surgeon, goes to himand says, "You
know my condition; you have practiced in my
family; 1 want you to give me a little certificate
of my condition, how you regard me, that I may
take it to the board." That is all proper; he need
not charge that man anything for it; it is a little
thing to do, and almost any man would do it
freely. But, under the existing law, what do we
find f Wo have a class of lawyers that lmng on
the skirts of the profession—men without much
scruple,who have gone into the businessand taken
contingent fees, and some of them have made as
much as two or three thousand dollars since this
act went into effect. They pretend to have great
power and influence, and men run after them, and
they fleece these poor men to whom they cannot
render any assistance on earth unless they have
some corrupt influence with the board. We have
also a class of medical men, without much con-
science, that hang on to the profession. The pio-
fession do not respect them much, but they have
a little business, and they have set up in the busi-
ness of givin^certifieates, and some of them have
made fortunes this year by duping the people. I
want to cut them off altogether. 1 have not the
least fear of any trouble about it, and I hope the
Senate will retain the section.
Mr. ANTHONY. I would suggest to the chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affaiis if it
would not be better to prohibit the board of en-
rollment from receiving any outside certificates.
They do not receive them in our State, where, I
beg leave to say, the board act with great pro-
pi lety.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 13, nays 24; as follows:
Y11AS—Mesvi«. lluckalrw. Cnrlile, l.'nw.'m. DavK Har-
ris Henderson, HcikIiii'Im, Johnson, Towell, Salisbury,
Van Winklo, Willcv, ami Wught—13.
NAYS—Wessr-. 'Anthonv, Htovvn, Clark, Collamer,
Conner, Dixon, DooUttlc, Foot, Footer, Grimes-, Hale,
Howard, Howe. Lane of Indiana, Lane erf Kansas. Mor-
gan, Nrsmilh, Ram<e\, $lu iman, Spiagne, Sumner, Ten
ICyck, Tiumbull, and Wilson—^-1.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. NESMlTfl. I now renew the amendment
reported by the Military Committee, which was
rejected when the Senate was acting as in Com-
nut lee of the Whole.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be icad.
The Secietaiy read, as follows:
.7ndbe it fuithcr enacted, That so much of the act enti
tied "An act for emollmg and calling out the national
fotces, and lor other purposes," appioved on the 3d day of
Match, ltrGJ. as authouzo the discharge of person* drafted
into the service o! the United State*, under the authority
of that act, upon the payment of a sum of money not ex-
ceeding $.'*00, be, and the same is heieby, repealed.
Mr. NESM1TH. Mr. President, yesterday,
when the amendment to repeal the $300 commu-
tation clause which way reported by the Military
Committee before the Senate, I sought the
floor ineffectually in order to state my own views
upon the measure; hut the rigid and doubtless
correct application of an inexorable rule by the
Chair prevented my doing so, and I was, as it
wei e, cut off in the flower of my youth.
Inasmuch as the pending motion brings the
question again before the Senate, i now take oc-
casion to state my objections to the commutation
ciaus^J which, m my opinion, renders the bill
worse than useless, i do so, however, with a
full consciousness that nothing which I can say
will induce the Senate to recede from its vote of
yesterday.
When the original bill, sometimes called the
conscription bill, was before the Senate at the last
session of Congress. I was opposed to the com-
mutation provision which released soldiers from
the duty of serving in the field by the payment, of
the mere nominal sum of §300; and 1 think that
the inefficiency of the draft has fully vindicated
my'judgment in that particular.
I had thought that the able presentations of the
case by my friend, the honorable. Senator from
Indiana, [Mr. Lane,] was sufficient in itself to
 vince .... .
quences likely to result from a perpetuation of
that clause of the law; and after the rejection of
his amendment, like the Senator from Missouri,
[Mr. Brown,] 1 ceased to take any further inter-
est in the bill, regarding it as shorn ofitsbestand
most effective features.
This, Mr. President, has been characterized as
a " cruel war." Itissoin the sense thatall wars
are cruel; but its cruelty has been enhanced an
hundred fold by its procrastination, and want of
vigor in its prosecution.
Neither Congress nor the Administration has,
in my opinion, had a true appreciation of the
magnitude of the undertaking to subdue the rebels
in arms against the legitimate authority of the
Government. I have constantly entertained the
idea thatall Lheenergiesofthe Governmentshoufd
be exerted to bring the conflict to a speedy close,
not only for the sake of the Government itself,
but for the sake of humanity; For this cause, sir,
when our Aimy failed to be recruited by volun-
teering, I urged the adoption of the only mode
left to consummate that result, namely, drafting;
and inasmuch lis we had recourse to that means
of raising troops, I was anxious that it should be
so enforced as to bring the largest possible num-
ber of troops into the field.
The result would have been all that we could
have desired, had not t he bill contained that single
exemption clause, permitting the soldier to com-
mute his patriotism with the paltry sum of $30U,
instead of facing the enemy with the more potent
and convincing argumentofthe bayonet. I should
at times have been amused, had the subject been
of a less grave nature, when listening to Senators
indulging in flights of florid eloquence, and urging
upon us the necessity of supporting the Govern-
ment, and saying that every loyal man owed it
his personal service and all he had. I never for a
moment supposed that all this was a mere figure
of speech, which meant that$300 wasasum suffi-
cientto discharge the entire liability. Money and
men are both material elements in the prosecution
of a war; yet the former is worthless without the
latter, and the raising of either is of itself a ques-
tion of sufficient magnitude to require separate
legislation.
The reduction of patriotism to afinancial stand-
aid may fill your coffees, but it will as certainly
deplete your ranks. I believe that a rigid enforce-
ment of the law, with a repeal of the commuta-
tion clause, would raise men sufficient to put an
army upon every aveuue leading to the heart of
rebeldom, and crush the rebellion in the next six
months. Iam as thoroughly convinced that with
the means which that clause furnishes to ev&de
the service the next diaft will be a greater farce
than the preceding one, and that the result will be
a prolongation of the war for the next three and
perhaps ten years.
As our alread y redundant currency is expanded,
thegreater will be the facility for avoiding the duty
of the soldier, and I look forward to no distant
day when we shall be compelled to repeal the law
m order to avoid the exhaustion of men from
which to draw soldiers.
It is better to adopt a practical and efficient,
though it be a stringent policy, at oncc, which
bears equally upon all', than to resort to tempo-
rary expedients which will in the end compel us
to ignore the whole system, and drive us to the
repeal of the law, and the consequent violation of
the quasi pledged faith of the Government which
has exempted so many thousand soldiers from
duty.
Sir, the petitions which are sent here from tke
working men of the country, praying for the re-
peal of the commutation clause of the conscription
law, prove conclusively to my mind that the anx-
iety of the people is not to be relieved from their
liability to serve as soldiers, but to see the last
vestige of treason crushed out and subdued, and
the flag of the Union waving triumphant over
every foot of our soil.
I know it is said by some that if the present
the Senate of the mischievous conse-
