1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The next amendment was in line one hundred
and forty-three of section one, after the word
,s Potomac," to strike out "navy-yard;" so as to
read: "For repairs of the Potomac and upper
bridges, $6,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out section
two from the enacting clausc to and including line
twenty-four, in the following words:
That a marble floor, similar to that of the Congressional
Library or the Semite vestibule, shall be constructed m the
old Hall of the House of Representatives, ue-ing such mar-
ble as may be now on hand and not otherwise required,
and that suitable structures and railings shall be therein
elected for the reception and protection of statu.uy, and
the eame shall be under the {supervision and direction of
the Commissioner of Public Buildings; and so much of the
moneys now oi heretofore appropriated for the Capitol ex-
tension as may be necessary, not cxcccding tin; sum of
$24,000, is hereby set apart and frhall be di^bui^ed for the
puiposes heieiubt'foi/; mentioned. And the President is
hereby autnouzed to invite each and all the States to pio-
Vide and fuimt-h s-tatues, in marble or Inouze, not exceed-
ing nvo in number for each State, of deceased prisons who
have been citizens thereof and illustrious for their historic
renown or Irom distinguished civic or military seiviccs,
such as each Suto «,h.ill determine to be woi thy of this na-
tional conimemotanon; and when so furnished the i-amc
Fhall b<; placed in the old Hall of the limine of Representa-
tives, in the Capitol of the United States, which i* hereby
set apait, or *o much thereof as may be nece&saiy,as a na-
tional statuary hall, for the purposes herein indicated.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after line thirty-six
of section two to insert:
To enable the Commissioner of Public Buildings to in-
close Franklin sqtmie with a wooden fence, and to grade
the same and plant it with trees and shrubbcty, $3,000.
Xhe amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out from
line forty-eight to line fifty-three of scction two,
an follows:
For balance due the draughtsman for his services in
charge and continuation of the cenes of maps oidered by
resolution of May 4, 18-13, lm part oi the focal year ending
in 1862, $1,520 38.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after the word " dol-
lars," in line fifty-five of section two, to strike
out " to be expended under the direction of the
CommissionerofPubhc Buildings, who is hereby
charged with the care of said bridge;" so that the
clause will read: " For repairs to the bridge across
the Potomac river at Little Palis, i
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
woids " penitentiary and" before "jail" in line
sixty-three of section two.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out lines
eighty-three and eighty-fourof section two, which
contain tiie following item for the Government
hospital for the insane:
jf\>r confirmation of the wall inclosing the grounds of the
hospital, $10,000.
Mr. GRIMES, I inquire of the Senator from
Ohio why that clause is to be stricken out.
Mr. SHERMAN. The only reason lean give
js that the wall is now in a condition, with the
fence which is also there, to make a very good
inclosure around the hospital for the insane, and
we thought it bettei not to continue the work on
the wall at this time when the expenses of ma-
terials, &c,, are so very high. We thought it was
a work that might propeily be postponed.
Mr. GRIMES. There is a good deal of woik
that might be postponed. The appropriation of
$>3,000 tor Fianlclin square might be postponed
witli quite as much propriety as this. The Gov-
ernment has undei taken to construct a brick wall
around the hospital grounds, and it is partially
built, and this appropriation merely proposes to
continue the work so as to complete it. Where
the buck wall is not completed there is a mere
temporary board fence th t does not confine pa-
tients at ail, The^iurposu is to allow the patients
to have the range of thegrounds and k..xp within
the wall, the wall being so far away from the >
grounds as not to be observable by the patients j
until they come right to it. 1 do not see thu pro- '
priety of sinking out the appropriation.
Mr. SHERMAN. The &10,000 here appro-
priated wiii not be sufficient to make the inclusui e
complete by anient way. It will take agicut
many more thousands besides these $10,000. This
is simply to continue a work that is now coin- 1
pleted uruunu thefront-and mum fcidts of the hos- ;
pital, aa I am told. This brick wall will only
supersede a fence that is now sufficientas a fence,
which they have got along very well with for
many years. The price of brick has advanced
far beyond the ordinary advance of other mate-
rials, and we thought it best to postpone the con-
struction of this work for the present.
Mr. HARLAN. 1 hope retrenchment will be
made in some other dhection. Theobjectof this
appropriation seems to be to enable the.superin-
tendent of this institution to permit the patients
to go a little at large. If the wajl is not built, they
will be restrained as prisoners. It is well known
to all those who have had the care of such patients
that they do not recover so rapidly when they
feel that they are confined as prisoners; but re-*
straint must be thrown off, what mind is left must
be at us ease. The fact that it will require a
longei period than one year to complete the work
is to my mind a reason in favor of the appropri-
ation. If retrenchment is necessary I think we
ought to make it m some other direction, and not
punish the insane patients who are in the hospital.
Mr. HALE. X listened to the suggestion of
my friend from Iowa with a good deal of pleas-
ure, and I beg to suggest to lum that continuing
this brick wall around there would give the ap-
pearance of confinementand imprisonment which
he deprecates so much, and in that way would
be deleterious to the patients. I think we had
better leave the fence. Thatwill notlook so bad.
Mr. COWAN. The reason given for the con-
tinuation of this brick wall utterly fails. If it was
a continuation of it entirely around the grounds
of the hospital there would be force in the argu-
ment in favor of the appi opnation; but it is only
partially around it; it still leaves the patients in.
the same condition they were before, because as
long as there is any fence there over which they
can climb the wall amount* to nothing as a pre-
ventive to their excursions. If the appropria-
tion was to complete the wall entirely, theie would
be great force in what has been said in favor of
it, and I should be inclined to vote for it; but as
it is, I think the reason which influenced the com-
mittee is controlling, and that wc had better not
appropriate money to continue this wall until we
can complete it all the way round,so as to make
it effective in restraining the inmates of the estab-
lishment.
The question being taken on the amendment,
there were, on a division—-ayes 12, noes 11; not
a quorum voting.
Mr. SHERMAN. We had better have the
yra« and nays so as to get a quorum.
The yeas and nays were ordered,
Mr. GRIMES, it seems to me that the sug-
gestion of my colleague [Mr. Harlan] is a wise
one, that if we are^omg to commence retrench-
ment and reform we had better begin that work
somewhere els® than in connection with this in-
stitution where the unfortunate inmates are de-
prived of their reason. We have undertaken to
take care of the people of this District, and persons
connected with the Army and Navy'who maybe
deprived of their reason, and the asylum has be-
come full; it is almost over-running. Itis neces-
sary to the health and convenience of the patients
themselves that they should be permitted to oc-
cupy the grounds.
The Senator from New Hampshire says that it
would not look so much like a prison if you had
not the fence. The fence, it is known to most of
the Senators here, is beyond sight from the asy-
lum except at one place; the inmates are obliged
to walk a considerable distance before they can
see it. The purpose is to have it as far as possi-
ble from the asylum; but when they have reached
that point, it is necessary to have some obstruc-
tion so that they shall not be able to escape.
The fact that this approptiatum will not com-
plete the brick wall, is to my mind a very unsub-
stantial icason uVgaMi&t making the appropriation.
I think it is a reason why wc should make the ap-
propnation so as to get it more advanced towaid
completion, i would infinitely rather strike out
the appropriation for the Botanic Garden, which
is only designed to furnish members of Congress
with flowers, and strike out the appropriations
for decorating the squares of the city, setting out i
trees in ilium, paving in front of them, and fin-
ting them, than to btop where we are and allow
this work, instead of being completed, to goto
decay as it will if we do not make an appropria-
tion. I was not aware that the Committee on
Finance had any such proposition in contempla-
tion. If I had known it,.I suppose the Commit-
tee on the District of Columbia, who have some
charge of this subject, would have taken counsel
in regard to it, anu would have attempted to pre*
vent it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 8, nays 524; as follows t
YEAS—Messr*. Anthou?, Buckaltw, CarHle,
Ilntc, Howe, Sherman, and Trumbull—.8.
NAYS — Messrs. Brown, Coltotoner, Connees, Darl v
Dixon, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Harlan, Harris, Johnson,
Morgan, Morrill, Pomeroy, Powell, Range?, Richardson,
Riddle, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Van Winkle, Wade, Wilkin-
son, and Willcy—24.
ABSENT—Messrs. Chandler, Clark, Doolittle, Fessen-
den, ffaiding, Henderson, Hendricks, Hiefcs, Howard,
Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, MeDougaU, NesraHb)
Saulsbury, Sp/ague, Wilson, and Wright—17.
So the amendment was rejected.
The next amendment of the Committee on FK
nance was to strike out the following items from
line eighty-eight to line ninety-nine of section
two:
For constructing the Washington aqneduct from apolrtt
between the White House and the receiving reservoir, to
mute with the aqueduct at a point near the station-house,
below said reservoir, without passing through the said re-
ceiving reservoir, and to defray the expenses incident to
managing said Washington aqueduct, $100,000.
For the purpose of completing the cut-8to>ne dam across
the Potomac river, and constructing a telegraph liue from
the fire department, in the city of Washington, to the said
station-house below the receiving reservoir, $50,000.
Mr. MORRILL. Having; devoted some alters
tion to this subject under the direction of the Sen-
ate in the early part of the se.ssion, I am in some
doubt whether these appropriations ought to be
stricken out. 1 do not know whatdisposition the
Senator from Ohio proposes to make of the sub-
ject; but unless the Committee on Finance have
some facta which I have not been able to gather,
I doubt exceedingly the propriety of striking out
these appropriations. If the Senate will indulge
me, I will state in a few words why I think there
is a necessity for the appropriations.
At an early period of the session the Committee
on the District of Columbia were instructed by the
Senate to investigate the subject of this aaueduct.
The enterprise of bringing water into this city
from the Potomac was started, I believe, some-
thing liko ten years ago or more. A survey was
made, and finally a plan for bringing water into
the city from the Great Falls, about sixteen miles
above the city, was agreed upon. A plan for the
construction of the work was submitted to Con-
gress, and an appropriation made. Appropria-
tions have been annually made from that time to
the present, amounting now, I believe, to about
three million dollars, and the work is still incom-
plete; and it is incomplete in the two particulars
intended to be covered by these two appropria-
tions; and without going into other details I will
state the incompleteness which is intended to be
covered by these two specific appropriations.
About ten miles out from the city, the water
taken from the Potomac riverat the head of Great
Falls, seven miles beyond,and which ia brought
down in the main conduit, some nine feetfh di-
ameter, is poured into what is called a receiving
reservoir, which receiving reservoir is constructed
by a high dam across a natural ravine making a
large basin, the shore line of which, I believe, is
some sixteen thousand feet, and with a capacity
of about two hundred million gallons. Through
this ravine runs a stream which is the natural
drainage for about one hundred thousand acies of
land. The dam heing thrown across that stream,
it is found that whenever there is a stoun, the
whole country being drained by that natural basin,
which now, by the method of const! uctmg this
woik, is the receiving jeservoir for all the water
that is brought from the Potomac above, the water
is disturbed and rendered impure; and the engi-
neer reports that the city may never expect to
have the water in that state of purity in which it
is when it is taken from the Potomac at the head
of Great Falls unless you devise some method of
avoiding tins receiving reservoir. The object of
the receiving reservoir was to create a supply
from that natural stream "which would serve the
cay when by reason of any failure in the aque-
duct above, or fioraother cause, the general sup-
ply should fail.
All the water brought from the Potomac is
brought down seven miies in the conduit and
