228
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
January 15,
not be considered so apparently unjust that al-
most every intellect properly constituted mustdis-
eover it, for the honorable member from Massa-
chusetts was unable to discover it during the long'
deliberation that the bill had at a former session.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator remembers well
that this whole subject was new when it came up.
We were discussing a bill that had never been
brought forward before; there were a'vast num-
ber of propositions; and it came up, too, at the
end of the session; we discussed it two or three
nights.
The question being taken by yeas and nays, re-
sulted—yeas 16, nays 28; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Conness, Dixon, Doolittte, Grimes,
Harding. Harlan, Howard, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kan-
sas, Morgan, Ramsay, Sumner, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkin-
son, and Wilson—16.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Buckalew, Carlile,
Chandler, Clark, Collamer, Cowan, Davis, Fessenden,
Foot, Foster, Hale, Hani?, Henderson, Hendricks ilowe,
Johnson, Morrill, Nesmith, Powell, Saulsbury, Shemian,
Sprague,TenEyck, Van Winkle, Willoy, and Wright—28.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to offer an amend-
ment as a new "section after section four. I will
State in a single word that the act as it stands
authorizes the enrollment of all able-bodied male
citizens of the United States and persons of for-
eign birth who have declared on oath their inten-
tion to become citizens. The section which I offer
is this:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That all persons having re-
sided in the United States for one year, who shall havo
evercised the right of suffrage as a citizen by voting at any
election m any State of the United States, shall he deemed
to be liable to enrollment and diaft, and shall be enrolled
in the same manner as native-born citizens.
The point is this, Mr. President: the law as it
stands enrolls those who have declared their in-
tention to become citizens, but these declarations
of intention may be made in any clerk's office
throughout the whole United States; and, as a
question of fact, to prove whether persons have
or have not declared their intentions is exceed-
ingly difficult; but where they have actually re-
sided in the United States for a year and have ex-
ercised the right of suffrage as a citizen by voting,
that fart is susceptible of proof in every town
where they reside. There is no difficulty aboutit.
Mr. SUMNER. Let me ask the Senator if we
did nor pass a provision on one of the appropri-
ation bills last year substantially embodying this
idea ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I believe not, Mr. Pres-
ident,. My recollection of the history of this le-
gislation is that when the first section of the act
was under consideration I moved an amendment
providing that alt persons who shall have on oath
declared their intention to become citizens, and
who shall havo votedf as such shall be liable; but
the huter words, "and who shall have voted as
such,15 were, struck out, and it was adopted with-
out those words.
Mr. COW AN. If the amendment is to prevail,
I think the limitation of time should be stricken
out. If a foreigner comes to this country and
votes within six months, I do not sec why that
should not operate as an estoppel as well as if he
remains a year and then votes. The pith of the
whole matter is that he votes without being qual-
ified, and we want to make that an estoppel here-
after when he comes to assert his alienage as a
reason why he should be exempt from the draft.
1 trust the mover of the amendment will modify
it as I have suggested, so as to provide that any
foreigner who comes here and votes at an election
(without specifying any time within which he
may have exerciseda piivilege of ibis kiml)shali
be liable to draft, and that that voting shall oper-
ate as an estoppel if he claims exemption on the
ground of alienage.
Mr. HOWARD. I am opposed to the amend-
ment upon principle. I know not whence the
Senator fiom Wisconsin derives the power of this
Government to compel foreigners who have not
renounced their allegiance to the country of their
birth to perform military service for the United
States. It is contrary to the laws of nations and
the laws of war. We have no power whatever
to compel a subject of Great Bntain or France,
or any other foreign country, who happens to be
within the limits of the United States, to perform
military service or to be engaged in our wars on
our behalf. I fear that if we ad'opt such a prin-
ciple as this in our legislation it may bring us in
collision with foreign nations; at all events, I fear
that it may engender disputes which would be un-
necessary and unpleasant in their consequences,
and I am therefore opposed to the proposition en-
tirely. It is quite sufficient, as it seems to me,
thftt we require military service from such for-
eigners as either have become naturalized citizens
of the United States or have voluntarily renounced
their allegiance or declared their intention to
renounce their allegiance to the country of their
birth. As to such persons we perhaps have au-
thority to compel tnem int© our military service;
butas to other foreigners whohave not made such
a renunciation, I am quite clear that we have no
power over them whatever to compel them to
perform military service. I am opposed entirely
to the principle of the amendment of the Senator,,
from Wisconsin.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I cannot see what difficulty
there is in compelling a person who has the pro-
tection of our Government, and who voluntarily
has taken part in the administration of the Gov-
ernment, to perform military servicc. The law
as it now stands subjects to military service per-
sons who have not taken the oath of allegiance
to the country; if they have declared their inten-
tion to become citizens, they are'subject to mili-
tary duty under the law as it now is; and shall
it be said that a foreigner can come here to this
country, abstain from taking the oath of allegi-
ance to the country, maintain his position as an
alien, hold office in this country, vote at ourelec-
tions, choose our rulers for us, and not be sub-
ject to military duty ? It is a voluntary act on his
part. Let him refrain from the exercise of the
right of suffrage if he is not willing to defend the
country.
I cannot see any force in the objection of my
friend from Michigan, not the least, unless we
deny the right of a person to expatriate himself.
Why, sir, has not Congress power to naturalize
foreigners? That power is given by the Constitu-
tion, and I hold that it would be competent todeclare
by act of Congress that every person who took
upon himself the right of suffrage should thereby
become a citizen of the United Suites. We can
regulate this entire matter by law. Will the Sen-
ator from Michigan tell me why it is not compe-
tent for us to declare in this very act that if any
person of foreign birth assumes to take part m the
administration of the Government by voting or
holding oifre.e under it, he shall thereby become a
citizen of the United States? Have we not the
power to do it? I think so; and surely we have
power to compel him to aid in the defense of the
Government which he seeks to take part in ad-
ministering.
But I quite tf^ree with what fell from the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania that there should be no
limit as to time. We should not require a for-
eigner to reside here a year in order to subject him
to military service if he votes; and I think we
should not only subject the man who votes to mil-
itary service but also one who holds office. I sub-
mitted to the previous bill reported by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs on this subject an
amendment to carry out both those objects, which
is in print and on the tables of Semitois. It was
offoied as an amendment to Senate bill No. 18,
and I submit to the Senator from Wisconsin
whether it does not cover the whole ground a lit-
tle more fully than his amendment. I send it to
the table and ask that u be read, and then I hope
the Senator from Wisconsin will accept it in lieu
of his amendment, as being a little more full.
The Secretary lead, as follows:
Pec. —. slnd be it further cnucted. That no pcison of
foreign birth '■hall, on account of alienage, be exempted
fiom enrollment oi draft under the piovi>ionsof this act, or
the act to which it is an amendment, who hag at any time
assumed the rights of a citizen by voting at any election
held under authouty of the laws of an)' State or Tt-iriiory
or of the United States, or who ha< held any office under
sueti laws or any of them; but the fact that any such per-
son of foreign birth has voted or lietd,or<halI vote or hold,
office as afoiesaid, shall be taken as conclusive evidence
that he is not entitled to exemption fiom military service
on account of alienage.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I believe that is in better
form than the amendment which I offered, and I
therefore accept it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is compe-
tent for the mover of the amendment to accept
this in lieu of his original proposition; and this
is now the amendment before the Senate as the
amendment moved by the Senator from Wiscon-
sin. The question is on agreeing to this amend-
ment.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, the Senator
from Illinois puts the question whether it is not
competent for Congress to naturalize and declare
to be citizens of the United States such foreigners
as may see fit to participate in our elections, hold-
ing (as I infer from his language that he does hold)
that Congress have that power, and that if they
should see fit to exercise it, a foreigner would be-
come ipso facto naturalized and a citizen of the
United States by going to the polls in the State
where he should happen to be and there voting. t
Now, sir, I deny that principle entirely, because
it rests upon the false assumption that it is com-
petent for the State Legislatures to declare who
shall be or who shall not be naturalized citizens
of the United States, and thus State laws come
to exclude entirely the power of Congress over
the subject. Under the Constitution, Congress
alone have power to naturalize foreigners; and
they must do it, as they have done it Heretofore*
not by passing special statutes applying to par-
ticular localities or to particular persons, but they
must exercise the power in the form of a uniform
system of naturalization. It is for Congress, and
Congress alone, to exercise this power. The power
is exclusive in Congress, and no part of it pertains
to the States, it is nota concurrent power which
may be used sometimes by a State and sometimes
by the national Legislature; but it is a power ex-
clusively lodged in Congress, to be exercised by
them and not by the States.
What right, then, has a State, in reference to
the creation of naturalized citizens of the United
States, to set up for itself a power to constitute
citizens of the United States—notcitizens of Illi-
nois or of Michigan; they may do that, perhaps,
but a State cannot constitute a naturalized citizen
of the United States. There is the point to which
1 desire to call the attention of the learned Senator
from Illinois. AStatemay make voters; his own
State, I suppose, like my State, does allow the
privilege of voting to certain classes of foreigners
who have not been naturalized under the laws of
the United States; but who has ever pretended
that the persons thus naturalized,so tospeak,by
the local law are at the same time citizens of the
State and citizens.of the United States? I deny
that the States have any power to make citizens
of the United States out of foreigneis. It is a
power pertaining to us exclusively; and honca
my conclusion is this: that whatever may be the
legislation of a State, however a State may see fit
to extend the privilege of voting to foreigners,
and however willing they may be to exercise that
piivilege, the exercise of the piivilege by the for-
eigner under the State does not constitute him a
citizen of the United States, and we have power
only over citizens of the United States when we
proceed to call them into the military service of
the United States. That is the point.
But the Senator cannot fail to recognize the
principle of national law, and the law of war, that
a nation only has power to call upon its own citi-
zens or subjects to perform military service, ex-
cept in peculiar cases, in cases of breach of the
peace or local disturbance, where it is as neces-
sary for the protection of the foreigner that order
should be icstored as for the citizen. Butitisan
uriheard-of principle, I insist and asseit,in the
laws of nations that one nation may call on the
subjects of another nation who happen to be
within its borders, perhaps as mere sojourners for
the moment, to perform military duty, and thus
to force them into the field even against their own
countrymen; for if we can compel a foreigner to
participate in our battles at all upon piinciples of
law, we may compel him to take arms against his
own countrymen in a war between our own coun-
try and his country.
Mr. DIXON. Mr. President, I desire to ask
the Senator from Michigan if a person who has
given notice of his intention to become a citizen
is a citizen of the United States? He says none
others can be compelled to do military duty.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 answer that I do not re-
gard a foreigner who has simply declared his in-
tention to become a citizen of the United States
as a citizen of the United States. The question
itself implies a contradiction in terms.
Mr. DIXON. Then I would $sk the Senator
how it is that the present law requires such persons
to do military duty under the conscription act?
