1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.;
wmi
proposes to remedy an evil which (if it. exists, it
is admitted by the Committee on Military Affairs,
and by the honorableSenatorfromMichigan, who
drew the report, or who, at least, is responsible
for its presentation to the Senate) strikes at the
very foundation, in their own language, of our
form of government, both Federal and State. Sir,
if the charges made against this Administration
of having mtcrfeied with the freedom of election
in the States bo true, then what greater, what more
important subject can engage the attention of this
Senate? It is a question, sir, in which, as is ad-
mitted by the report of the committee, is involved
the very existence, not only of your State, but of
your Federal Government.
But, sir, we are told by the honorable Senator
from Michigan that the time is unpropitious, that
we are engaged in a civil war, that this is no time
to hear complaints against the exercise of author-
ity by those who administer the affairs of the
Government. The only reason which he assigns
for this conclusion is that we are engaged in war.
Sir, I commend to the attention of that Senator,
and all others who sympathize with him in feel-
ing and who believe with him, the example of
one of the greatest English statesmen that ever
lived. I refer toSir John Eliot, who in thedays
of Charles, when the liberty and the chartered
rights of English subjects were threatened with
destruction, although his country was engaged in
war with a foreign power, rose in his place in the
British Parliament and declined to discuss the
issues of war or the questions involved in war so
long as the birthright of the English subject was
in jeopardy. Sir, the burning words of eloquence
which that champion of English liberty uttered
upon that occasion will live and be cherished as
long as the acts of tyranny and oppression of
Charles are remembered and hated. It is true
that his noble utterances in the vindication of the
rights of English subjects, it is true that the noble
sentiments which he uttered in behalf of theprin-
ciples of English liberty, cost him liis liberty,
caused him to be imprisoned for years until dis-
ease came to his relief, and his death-chamber
was in one of the prisons of Charles. It may be,
sir, that during the unhappy times through which
we are passing the utterance of similar sentiments
may subject others to a like fate; but the patriot
statesman knows no rule of conduct but that of
duty, and seeing the path of duty plainly marked
out befoie him he will pursue it, regardless of all
personal consequences.
But, sir, I object to this notion of the honorable
Senator from Michigan, that times of civil war are
not the times in which American statesman or
American citizens should look to their rights and
observe closely the principles of the fundamental
law. In times like these, the strides of power are
rapid and great, and tyrants in all ages of the
world, who would subvert the liberties of their
countrymen, under the pretense of preserving
those liberties, have, in such periods, appealed
to this same great, high doctrine of necessity.
Sir, I ask you, I ask the country, whether it is
probable, whether it is likely, whether there is
any reason to believe that if we now temporarily
abandon the rights which we have received from
our fathers, and which are guarantied in the fun-
damental law, both State and Federal, we shall
ever regain them ? Look back through this world's
history and tell me, if you can, where there is a
single instance in which a free people have volun-
tarily surrendered their chartered liberties into the
keeping of their lulers, under the plea of necessity,
that they have evei regained them. The example
docs not exist m history; and if we now (under
the delusion that by temporarily surrendering our
liberties and intrusting all our rights into the
keeping of those who administer the affairs of the
Government, we shall preserve the Union of the
States and the constitutional rights secured in that
Union) yield up our rights, we shall wake up
hereafter, when power shall become more firmly
fixed, when ambition shall be still further grati-
fied, when the numbers of those who crawl aiound
the feet of power shall be increased, when their
interests to support the exercise of unwarranted
power shall be increased, and we shall find that the
dream we have indulged in of preserving our lib-
erties by any such surrender of our rights is a
delusion, and a most deep delusion.
Sir, the constitutional rights secured to us in
the fundamental law were secured to us not only
for times of peace but for times of war. They
are as the rudder to the ship, which, if abandoned,
the ship is lost. Neither, sir, is there any ground
for the pretext that the surrender of those liber-
ties temporarily is necessary for their preserva-
tion permanently. It issaidby the Senatorfrom
Michigan, and others who entertain the same
view that he does, that all those acts which it is
alleged have been done by authority of the Ad-
ministration, and which find a champion in him,
are necessary for the preservation of the Consti-
tution and the Union. What an absurdity, Mr.
President! The idea that the Union can be pre-
served, and that the Constitution which makes
that Union, and which is the bond of that Union,
can be preserved by its destruction! Neither is
it, in my judgment—and I have a right here to
speak my opinion of the public acts of public
men, and I shall exercise that right—the object
which those who enact these scenes have in view
to preserve the Union and the Constitution. Why
do I say so? I say so because their own acts
demonstrate the fact, and their utterances also
evince the truth of what I say. These acts done
to preserve the Constitution and the Union! Let
any man in this country at this day say in a pub-
lic speech in any community, and let it come home
to the ears of those who exercise power, that he
is in favor of the Union as it was and the Consti-
tution as it is, and what is the judgment they pass
upon him? That he is a disloyal man, that he
is not faithful to his obligations to the Govern-
ment under which he lives. That noblest of all
sentiments uttered during these days of revolu-
tion, " the Union as it was and the Constitution
as it is," is adjudged by the very men who are
guilty of perpetrating these acts as an evidence,
clear and unquestionable, that he who utters the
declaration is a disloyeil man. Now, sir, 1 hold
that the only disloyal men in this country, the
only real traitors in this country, the only men
who will be adjudged to be such by an honest
future history, are those who scout and scoff at
" the Constitution as it is and the Union as it
was." To that Constitution, and to that Con-
stitution alone, I owe my allegiance. To that
Union as it was, and to that Union alone, have I
any right to cherish any love or any attachment.
But he who is opposed to that Constitution as it
is and to that Union as it was, and who attempts
to inaugurate or advocate a policy destructive of
either, is the real traitor, and the only man in the
limits of this country who deserves to be branded
as a traitor.
Sir, what is the object of these military orders
and of this military interference with the freedom
of election in the States, of which wo complain?
It is to exclude from the polls that class of Amer-
ican citizens who declare themselves to be in fa-
vor of the Union as it was and the Constitution
as it is. Coming home to my State, what party
is it against which this military interference has
been leveled? Is it against membeis of a polit-
ical organization who have declared aught except
attachment to the Constitution as it is and the
Union as it was? No, sir. That motto was em-
blazoned upon every banner which for the last
two elections they have unfurled before the peo-
ple. The proceedings of their State and county
conventions and of all their primary assemblages
have declared their devotion to that Union and to
that Constitution, and that they were unalterably
opposed to the ini'iaction of tlie one or the destruc-
tion of the other. And yet, sir, so enormous, so
heinous has been their transgression, that the
power which sits enthroned—I trustin God, how-
ever, only temporarily—at the other end of the
avenue, finds it necessary to send his armed hands
to keep a free people in the exercise of their con-
stitutional rights from declaring their attachment
to the old Constitution made by the great and wise
men of the past, and to that Union under which
our fathers lived and under which a majority of
the people of my State desire, stiil to live. Uiey
are considered disloyal because they are in favor
of keeping their oaths and observing the precepts
of their fatheis.
What was the oath that I took when I became
a member of this body? Was itto support a new
Union and a new Constitution? Was it to enter
into that house with all the modern improvements
which the patriot Butlei declared they were gointi;
to build up when the old Union was torn downr i
Ye gods! the work of George Washington and
James Madison and the fathers of the country to
be torn down by Archbishop Butler, and a new
house to be erected by that grand political archi-
tect with all the modern improvements, and a de-
cent man invited to walk in and sit down by the,-:
side of Butler! . :
Sir, the party opposed to this Administration:..
-int my State desire no such covering, from the -
presence of the coming storm. They-seels not.td.?
enter into Mr. Butler^ palace, thqugh it may b§-i
furnished with all tKe adornments which he can ;
pick up in the Gulf department. He may fur- -
nish it with all the costly mirrors and all tMAns ;
and sweetly-strung instruments which his patri- ,
otism may cause him to transplant from the pos-
session of their original owners, and he may -
place them in this building to be erected by his
patriotism, but we desire not to look into his mir-
rors nor to hear the sound of his music. We
prefer the good old strains which come up from
the past, which we heard in infancy, which we
have heard in manhood, and we say our only de-
sire is to live in the Union as it was and under the
Constitution as it is. And for a declaration of.
this kind have these outrages been perpetrated-
upon the people of my—I had almost said State?
it was once a State, but it is now in facta military,
province; for that offense'alone lias the tyrant
hand of power been laid upon them, and amajor-,
ity of the people deprived of the exercise of their
constitutional rights, kept from the polls, not al-
lowed a voice at the last election in reference to
the selection of a candidate to represent them in
Congress. A satrap reigns over that province.
In times of civil commotion and revolution, such
creatures will come up, but, thank God, the Sober
second sense of the people generally gets rid of
them.
I am told, with no personal disrespect either,
that these things are not true, or that if true there
is a necessity for them, because we deserve them,
or else that we must consider the times and bear
them. Such a response as that may well come
from those who wish to eat the crumbs that, fall
from the table set at the presidential mansion. It
will receive no respect, however, from one who
desires neither his crumbs nor his fat things.
I say, sir, that the declaration of the attach-
ment of the dominant party in my State to the
Constitution as it is and the Union as it was is
their sole offense, unless you consider it to be all
offense that they would not vote just as the Ad-
ministration wished them. Let me tell you, sir,
this military interference may continue until the
youngest child in that State is gray-headed,.and
at a fair expression of popular opinion in that
State a majority of the people will never so vote,
because the majority against the policy of the
Administration and its acts only increases with
every attempt that they make to deprive the peo-
ple of their liberties. You canneverconquerthe
spirits of brave men. You may keep them from
the polls by mere biute force. You may deny
them their equal rights. You are usurpers when
you do it. They may either not desire to bring
themselves in collision with your power, or they
may not have the power to resist it; but those of
them who remain outside of forts and bastiles, and
who are not banished, will retire to the quietude
of their homes and scorn your power.
It seems to me that those who advocate this
interference with the freedom of elections in the
States have never properly considered the conse-
quences to which it may lead. You have now
about a million and a half of armed men. You
have received at least that many under the various
calls made upon the people of this country. They
are subject to the President as their Commander-
in-Chief. He has in the past interfered with the free
exercise of opinion in the States, but he has only
interfered against those who were opposed to his
measures of public policy. He seeks a reelection
at the hands of the American people, provide'd he
chooses to allow the people to go through the
forms of an election. Suppose that he should be
the successful nominee of the party now in power,
with this army of a million and a half of men,
and the power of removing out of that army every
man politically obnoxious to him. Suppose that
alter exercising these acts of power, he finds that
his suppoi ters, instead of condemning those acts,
approve them, as the Senator from Michigan
seems to approve them. Suppose it should turn
out that he is not after all a man superior to the
