1864
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3227
which it was very easy for the committee, rather
than propose to strike out the appropriation, to
add those miscellaneous items which the chief
engineer thinks indispensable.
U is said that this contemplates an expenditure
for a purpose not contemplated in the original
plan. I do not so understand it. Whoever is
familiar with the original plans knows that this
reservoir of which I have spoken, denominated
the receiving reservoir in the plans, was the first
source or fountain for the supply of the city while
the work was in progress beyond. The work
having been completed up to that point, a dam
across that ravine gave a supply of water until
the liver should be reached at the Great Falls
some seven miles beyond. The distributing reser-
voir spoken of by the Senator fiom Iowa and the
Senator from Ohio was contemplated in the ori-
ginal plan.
Mr. GRIMES. But not this conduit between
the receiving reservoir and the distributing reser-
voir, if I understand aright.
Mr. MORRILL. It will be found in the ori-
ginal plans that pieciaely the same plan for the
preservation of the water and the distribution of
the water from a point some five miles above was
proposed as is proposed at the present time; but
it is true, as stated by my friend from Iowa, that
in regard to the construction of the distributing
• reservoir there has been a variation in the exe-
cution of that work.
Mr. GRIMES. That is in regard to the pave-
ment; but then I want to know of the Senator
from Maine if, in the original plan, it was con-
templated that there should be any such conduit
as that.
Mr. MORRILL.^ 1 will come to that in a mo-
ment. I want to say that in regard to the dis-
tributing reservoir there is no proposition before
the Senate. None of the appropriations here
asked for are for the completion of the distributing
reservoir. It is true that the present chief engi-
neer proposes to finish the distributing reservoir
on a plan different from that originally proposed,
and in this respect I should like to submit a word
to the good sense of the Senate, whether the ori-
ginal or the present plan is the more feasible and
the more rational. The distributing reservoir
into which the water was to be poured, and the
design of which was that the water should have
a chance to rest and there be purified prior to Us
distribution to the city, was, according to the ori-
ginal plan, to be made of a high embankment, on
high land, some four miles above us, one hundred
and fifty or one hundred and sixty feet above high
water in the Potomac at this place, by an exca-
vation in that high land and an earth embank-
ment. That was to constitute the distributing
reservoir. It is true that the banks were to be
partially protected by whatis called rubble work,
small stone broken and placcd^upon the exterior
banks, which wore to extend a third of the way
down to the base of the reservoir; and that, it
was supposed by the engineer, would be sufficient
to protect the embankments, and also give the
water that rest winch would lead to its purifica-
tion prior to distribution into the city. Upon an
examination of all the reservoirs in the country
it was found that not one was constructed in that
way. I havo seen the jeports of them ail. The
reservoirs at Baltimore, Philadelphia, New York,
and Boston arc all constructed in the manner pro-
posed by the present engineer; and if you will
consider that this reservoir covers a surface of
some forty acres, into which the water is to be
poured from the Potomac, coming in a current,
the object being that it shell there remain in a
state of rest for purification , that the water is
poured into a reservoir I he average depth of winch
is from six to eleven feet only, and then consider
that that is on the high land, and that the waves
would be disturbed and the water get motion by
every breeze, I submit whether it is at all rational
to suppose that water thus situated would be in
a state of rest favorable to purification. The en-
gineer has vety properly, I think, on this part of
the subject, reported that this distributing reser-
voir should be deeper, and that the embankment
should be protected by stone workout, as I said
before, that is not the subject before the Senate.
There are only two propositions before the Sen-
ate, the first of winch is whether you will make
an appropriation to build a conduit around the
natural ravine, which is denominated m the plan
the receiving reservoir; and it seems very singu-
lar that it should ever have entered into the head
of anybody to suppose.that you could have any-
thing like pure water by taking water from the
Potomac and bringing it down and pouring it into
a natural ravine, the shore line of which is over
fifteen thousand feet,and is entirely unprotected,
that ravine being the natural sewer of a country
of some fifty thousand acres, into which, when-
ever there is a storm or shower, the whole wash
of that country pours.
Mr. GRIMES. My friend will allow me to
say that they never contemplated any such thing.
They expected that the water would be brought
into the distributing reset voir and there it would
settle, and from there it would be distributed to
the city. What I object to is that they do not
go on and complete the distributing reservoir,
instead of resorting to this temporary expedient
of building; this conduit.
Mr. MORRILL. I am sorry to say that the
remark of my honorable friend shows that he
has not the slightest comprehension of this work.
It is only by reason of this conduit that it is pos-
sible to get the water into the distributing reser-
voir. What my honorable friend conceives to
be proper is precisely the proposition of the en-
gineer. It is found that by taking the water from
the Great Falls and bringing it down seven miles
and pouring it into this natural ravine, you make
what I should call in common parlancc, aside
from all technical phrases of engineers, one mam-
moth mud-puddle. The object is to avoid that.
The object is to avail yourselves of the first idea,
water irom the Potomac river, and not water
from this natural ravine. In order to get that
you must complete your reservoir, and m order
to do that you must take this conduit from above
the reservoir below it, and then take it from
thcncc into the distributing reservoir, which is
some four miles below, and then you avoid that
ravine and get a supply of water directly from
the Potomac at the head of Great Falls. That
is the proposition.
Now, 1 do not wish to go into the question of
the construction of that natural ravine as a res-
ervoir, whether it was good sense or bad sense;
I do not feel called upon to notice that; but un-
less the Senaie of the United States have come to
the conclusion that after the expenditure of three
million of money to, in the language of the ori-
ginal bill, carry out this enterprise of supplying
the citievs of Washington and Georgetown with
good, wholesome water, it seems to me you must
make from time to time such reasonable appro-
priations as are neccs^ary to complete the work,
and that these two things are absolutely neces-
sary to be done, and are nota departure from the
original plan but are m harmony with it, and by
subsequent development ore shown to be abso-
lutely necessary. I have not the slightest doubt
of it from the best information I can got from the
report of the Secretary of the Interior to which
I refer the honorable Senator from Ohio, and also
the report of the engineer accompanying it, and
also a subsequent report made to the Senate within
a very short time. In all these reports these ap-
propnations are urged specifically and the neces-
sity of them stated.
Mr. SHERMAN. My friend still does not
reach the point I desired to present to his mind.
It is true the Secretary of the Interior has sub-
mitted his estimates, and I have read them; but
they do not correspond with the appropriation
made by the House bill. I have also read a let- |
tor fiom the engineer in charge of the work stat- j
mg that the form in which the House of Repre- j
scntatives have put this appropriation is not the !
proper one, and suggesting that $150,000, or what- '
ever sum may be deemed proper, should be ap- j
propriated merely for continuing the Washing- •
ton aqueduct. ;
Mr. MORRILL. I will explain that. The j
engineer saw that here was an appropriation of j
$150,000 for two specific objects, as if there were !
no other obiects but two, mid he reminded the j
committee that while these things were indispens- i
able, there were other things to be done; there j
were contingent expenses; there were some bills j
due for work from last year; and therefore he says, j
"If you appropriate $100,000 for the specific;
object of continuing the conduit, and $50,000 for
the completion of the dam, you will leave me with
no means whatever to meet those miscellaneous
demands," and therefore he suggests aii appro-
priation in addition.
Mr. SHERMAN. I beg theSenator's pardon.
He not only says that the money is not sufficient,
but he objects to the two items, and he says;
^ If the item in the bill should read 1 for con tinning the
work upon the Washington aqueduct, §150,000,' (or any
other amount the committee might think properdif-
ficulty would bo removed, and the money wouWPhu ex-
pended under the direction and supervision of the Secre-
tary of the Interior."
Mr. MORRILL. He was for applying it just
as is proposed here.
Mr. SHERMAN. There seemed to be no dif-
ference of opinion in the committee as to the
necessity of striking out the appropriation in
the House bill. Whether another appropriation
should be inserted in the form this gentleman sug-
gests is another question. The difficulty is, that
as it stands in the bill it is limited to two items,
and to those exclusively. That is evidently im-
proper.
Mr. MORRILL. What should be done un-
doubtedly is that there should bean amendment
adding, as the engineer suggests, $50,000 for other
objects in addition to those named.
Mr. SHERMAN. But he recommends an-op-
propriation in lieu of that in the bill.
Mr. MORRILL. Not in lieu of it, as I under-
stand. The difficulty laboring in the mind of the
engineer, and which he produces to the commit-
tee, is that he is confined to two objects, and he
can make no expenditure except for those two*
objects as the bill stands. He says that the mis-
take which has been made is in saying that he
may expend §100,000 on one particular object
and §50,000 on another particular object; there
are several other things to be provided for, and
he tells you what they are. He says he is in ar-
rears for work of last year, and he says there are
contingent expenses. He suggests, therefore,
that instead of being limited to an appropriation
of $150,000 to these two objects, he ought to have
at least $150,000 for the continuation of the work,
and then he will be at liberty to apply it accord-
ing to the necessities of the case; but if the Com-
mittee on Finance would adopt his other sugges-
tion, let this appropriation stand for these two
objects, and then give him an additional appro-
priation of $50,000 for the other objects he men-
tions, the whole difficulty would be relieved. I
think that unless the Senate come to the conclu-
sion that the whole work had betterbeabandoned,
we cannot afford at this time to take off the force
and give up this enterprise.
Mr. CLARK, (Mr. Pomekoy in the chair.) I
do not understand that the striking out of these
two specific appropriations involves the abandon-
ment of the work. The House of Representa-
tives have made two appropriations here, one of
$100,000 for building a certain conduit or pipe
leading from the main reservoir to the distributing
reservoir, and the other of $50,000 for building a
stone dam across the Potomac. The Committee
on Finance judged that neither of these two things
was necessary, and they propose to strike them
both out, and that is all that this amendment in-
volves. It does not involve the question of ap-
propriating a certain sum to the preservation or
the continuance of the work; but it is saying on
the part of the Committee on Finance that it is
not well to make an appropriation of $100,000 for
building this additional aqueduct and altering the
plan, or $50,000 for a new stone dam. If it'is
necessary to make an appropriation of $50,000 to
the general objects of the work, to continue it, we
must make thatappropriation; but if we let these
two provisions stand here, I submit to the Senate
that not one dollar of either of those sums so ap-
propriated can be used for the general preserva-
tion of the work; so that this amendment does
not involve the consideration suggesied by the
Senator from Maine.
Hut, Mr. President, I have had some acquaint-
ance with this reservoir and with this aqueduct,
and I want to state to the Senator from Maine
whatl know to be a fact. The city first took the
water from this creek or receiving reservoir be-
fore the water was let into it from the Potomac
river. They dammed up this hojjtow, ravine,
or creek, or brook, whatever you call it, and took
water from that in the first place for the city.
They afterwards completed this aqueduct from
the falls into that receiving reservoir, and took
the water through in that way. Now, I want to
