12Y6
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25,
promptings of ambition. Suppose that sifter four
or' eight years of the exercise of rule over this
great people he should think that the Railsplitter,
as his friends call him—I say it in no disparage-
ment myself—might become the greatest monanjh
or despot that ever sat upon a throne. Suppose
after two, three, four,five, six, or eight years of
long and bloody war, the Army should become
willing instruments in his hands, and he should
proclaim himself permanently in powe"r, and that
he would transmit this Government to his chil-
drfen after him. Could you prevent it? Could
the freemen of this country prevent it? With a
million and a half of armed men out of a popula-
tion of twenty or thirty millions, how coula the
people prevent it?
But you may say, all this is talk for popular
effect. You may say that the man is too honest,
that he loves his country too much to be guilty
of any such act as that. An English statesman
once said that confidence was a plant of slow
growth in aged bosoms. I am not very old, but
it is extremly slow in mine. I know of but one
Washington. I see nothing in the acts of the
present Executive of the United States to make
me believe that, with the same power and under
the same circumstances, he would be the second.
Mr. President, history is written for our in-
struction. Even in my boyhood days, when I
read the magnificent History of the Decline and
Pall of the Roman Empire, by Gibbon, I was
struck—it has been impressed on my memory and
forced upon my mind almost constantly ever since
—with the power of a few armed men over the
large unarmed mass. If you will turn to the
pages of that great historian you will find that
while writing the decline and fall of the Roman
people he makes this remark: " Fifteen thousand
well-armed, well-disciplined soldiers, can keep in
subjection ten million unarmed people." Ifthat be
true What could a million and a half of armed men
do, at the command of the present Executive of
the United States, or of any other Executive, in
n population of twenty or thirty millions?
I do not mean to say that the soldiers who are
in the Army would lend their countenance to such
a thing. I believe, and have always believed,
that when they entered into the public service it
was with the noble purpose of trying to preserve
the Union of these States—the Union as it was—
not to build up a new one; to preserve the Con-
stitution as it is, not to make a new one.
But, sir, no man can tell the changes that may
come over the minds of men, because men are not
perfect. Association begets not only like pur-
poses but like ideas, and power being exer-
cised, and the soldiers being placed under officers
having a common purpose, and forced to obey
orders however much in their hearts they might
be opposed to them, it leaves us but little hope
that in the hands of an ambitious man, one regard-
less of the rights of the people, there would be
the remotest chance for the preservation of con-
stitutional liberty m this country if the present
Executive should be continued in power.
And here 1 will take occasion to digress thus
far to say that while I would not support any
gentleman prominent before that party for its
nomination, yet it" 1 belonged to that party I would
lake several of tlie men who are named for the
place before 1 would take the present Executive.
Why ? Because it is safer for the liberties of the
people that a change should occur once in four
years, even if they suffer, and suffer greatly, dur-
ing those four years, than that the same person
who has been guilty of these oppressive acts
should be continued, and continued that he may
strengthen himself in power and have greater op-
portunities for the accomplishment of the objects
of his personal ambition.
Before I procccd on that branch of the sub-
ject which will conclude the remarks I shall make
on this occasion, I simply wish to refer to one re-
mark made by the Senator from Michigan. He
lays down the broad proposition that these mili-
tary orders are law. He says that the proclama-
tion of Governor Bradford in Maryland—I do not
intend to enter into the interests of Maryland in
this controversy further than to refer to the prin-
ciple—in reference to the freedom of election in
his State was a usurpation of power; that when
he called upon the people of Ins State to go to the
polls and exercise their right of suffrage accord-
ing to the constitution and laws of the State, the
Governor was guilty of usurpation. The Sena-
tor reflects very severely on the Governor of Ma-
ryland; and on the ground that the military or-
ders of General Scherrck had the force and effect
of law, and - that the Governor's proclamation
advised resistance to the law, because it advised
resistance to these military orders. Strangely
enough, he compliments" a ma.n who never was
Governor of the State of Delaware by the choice
of the people of that State, but a man who watf
put there by him who sits enthroned at the other
end of the avenue by the force of bayonets, be-
cause he issued an order commanding the judges
of election in all election precincts to be most ob-
sequiously observant of the commands of his mas-
ter, Schenck.
But, sir, I come to the question of law. Where
docs the Senator from Michiganfind his authority
for the legality of these orders? He attempted to
cite a case in the Supreme Court of the United
States as establishing the fact thatmilitary orders
by General Schenck had the force of law and were
entitled to the operation of law. I have not taken
the pains nor the trouble to look at 21 Howard,
where the case is reported. I have read it, and I
know what the case was, and it has just as much
application to the matter in behalf of which it is
invoked as it has to do with the man in the moon.
Mr. JOHNSON. What was it?
Mr. SAULSBURY. The case of Booth. What
was the.case of Booth ? An attempt was made to
execute the fugitive slave law in the State of Wis-
consin. Booth was guilty of opposing forcibly
the execution of that law, and of opposing the due
execution of the marshal's process, and he was
indicted and tried for a violation of the law of the
land on account of his forcible resistance to a
statute of the United States. The court said that
the officer, being charged with the execution of the
process, had a right to use forcc to execute his
process if it became necessary. That is all the
case decides, that a legal officer with a legal pro-
cess has a right to execute his process, and yet
that case is invoked in the Seriate of the United
States to prove that when Mr. Schenck or Mr.
Burnside—whom the women and children of this
country love, whom the exiles in foreign lands
admire, and whom the votaries of human liberty
in all ages of the world will place by the side of
Hampden and Sidney and the great patriots of the
past—this case is invoked to show that an order
emanating from such virtuous and patriotic gen-
tlemen has all the force and effect of law!
The Senator from Michigan seemed to shudder
at the enormity of the offense committed by the
Governor of Maryland. He thought it semi-trea-
son, and said, " Suppose the advice of the Gov-
ernor had been carried out, what would have been
the effect? Why, that the soil of Maryland would
have been reddened with the blood of her citizens."
It might have been so. I have no doubt that the
Federal Administration were powerful enough to
overpower the authorities of the State of Mary-
land; that they could have caused the soil of that
State to be reddened with blood; butagainst whom
would the voice of that blood come up from the
ground in judgment? Would it have been against
the patriotic men who were attempting simply to
exercise a plain constitutional right, or would it
have been against those who by physical force
caused their blood to redden the ground, because
they dared to exercise their inalienable, constitu-
tional lights? Suppose that hundreds of thou-
sands of women had been made widows and hun-
dreds of thousands of children had been made
orphans, against whom would every tear which
they shed have been bottled up against that last
and dreadful day to flash conviction in the eyes of
the guilty? Not against Governor Bradford, or
the citizens of Maryland, who were acting only
legally; but against him who sits enthroned at the
other end of the avenue and those whom he com-
missions—MajorGencral Schenck and those who
cooperated with them. There would have been
murder, deep, foul, black, damning, but theirs
would have been the guilty souls, and not that of
Governor Bradford or those of the people ofMary-
land.
Mr. President, I know that it is thought by
many that we in the border States manifest too
much feeling on this subject. Some gentlemen
may think that our complaints are groundless.
If they would only transplant themselves to our
locality, and after having enjoyed under written
constitutions and established laws the privileges
which they had exercised, should then become
subject to the dfetrages which have been perpe-
trated upon our people, they would go further
than we, (for we have never done that:) they would
invoke revolution*and they would welcome any
blast, whether it came from heaven or hell, that
should give them their liberties. But we have
never invoked the spirit of revolution or of law-
lessness; we have quietly submitted to it; and as
far as my own State is concerned, although this
report charges that there were great numbers of
disloyal persons in that State, and a great many
persons who had been engaged in the rebellion,
not one word of which is true, the history of the
State shows and the history of the country shows
that from the beginning of these troubles there
has not been a meeting of eyen two men in the
State, much less a meeting of any political party,
much less any combination of any considerable
portion of the people, to obstruct, by force, in-
timidation, or otherwise, the execution of any
Federal law, or any attempt to carry that State
out of the Union, or to persuade it to be unfaith-
ful to its obligations to the Constitution. No, sir;
there is the ground of complaint we have.
I have sometimes thought, Mr. President, that
this Administration, those who exercise power in
this country, have had one of two objects in view
in reference to the border States: either to force
them to take up arms against the Federal Govern-
ment and attempt to go out of the Union, or to
harass and oppress them in every possible mode,
and try how much human nature can bear.
It is true that the Senator from Michigan finds
cause of complaint against the Legislature of my
State because they passed certain resolutions which
he denominates traitorous. I will simply say to
that Senator that when the Legislature of my
State wishes to take lessons in patriotism and de-
votion to the country—and especially after his
speech and the principles of constitutional law he
has announced—they certainly will not consult
the distinguished Senator from Michigan. It may
be a light that may illuminate the very cold regions
on the lakes, and the waters of the lakes may re-
flect back that light to a very considerable dis-
tance; but it has never reached the "great and
mighty" State of Delaware, as he denominates
my State, and it never will.
Sir, those resolutions declare, first and fore-
most, a deep and ardent attachment to the Union
framed by our fathers, a deep devotion to the
Constitution, which is the bond of that Union;
and they declare, as freemen have a right to de-
clare, that this Administration, under the pretense
of prosecuting a war to suppress a rebellion, has
needlessly and outrageously trampled upon the
constitutional rights of the people, and for parti-
san purposes has oppressed the people of the
States, and the people of the State of Delaware
particularly; and they denounce as one of their
grievances, and a just cause of complaint, that he
has sent his military to control their local elec-
tions; and that is semi-traitorous, says the Sen-
ator from Michigan.
Suppose that when James Buchanan, or Frank-
lin Pierce, or James K. Polk, was President of
the United States, either of them had sent the
Army of the United States into the not " great
and mighty" State of Michigan to control its lo-
cal elections, would the honorable Senator have
thought it was no cause of complaint, and thatthe
Legislature of Michigan must not even say one
word in opposition to the actsof the Administra-
tion' " Consistency is ajewel," it is said, and it
makes a wonderful difference, Mr. President,
whether it is your bull or my ox that is gored.
Another act of the Legislature of my State
against which the Senator complains is the act
which they have passed to protect their citizens
in the execution of their constitutional rights as
electors. What did they do? Did they provide
for calling out any armed force even to resist the
usurpations of the Federal Government? Not at
all; but they declared that any person who being
a citizen and inhabitant of that State should bring
a military force within a certain distance of the
polls on the day of election, or should attempt by
military interference to control that election,
should be subject to fine and imprisonment. That
is what they clid. Had they not a right to do it?
Was it not a just, constitutional exercise of legis-
lative power' and authority r And yet that is
