230
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
and the present; but still, yielding something to
that argument, I should be willing to raise the
commutation somewhat, although I dread the
consequences of keeping on in the line which
seems to have been adopted with regard to this
matter.
Now, sir, one word to my honorable friend
from Indiana. 1 do not think that the consequences
which he has portrayed are exactly necessary or
unavoidable. If I understand this draft at all
(and perhaps 1 do not, for I have not been able
to give the same degree of attention to military
matters that I have to some others) I do not see
that the payment of a certain sum of money by
way of commutation exempts a State from fur-
nishing its quota. If, fur instance, a call is made
and a certain number of nvn is required from
a particular State, a draft is made and a certain
number of men are drawn. .A portion of them
pay their commutation, thus falling short of the
number called for. Is it not manifest that all they
have to do is to order another draft under that
call and keep on drafting until they get the num-
ber required from that State? I apprehend that
is the ordinary couise to be pursued, and that is
the course which I supposed would have been pur-
sued under the law that we passed last year. The
Executive Department, for what seemed to it good
reasons, and which reasons have been approved
by Congress in the laws that have been passed at
this session with regard to it, adopted a different
system; but still there was a course which the
Executive might have followed, to wit: if thefirst
draft failed, order another, and another, and an-
other, until the required number of men were
drawn, unless the quota was filled in some other
way. That, was not done, and thcrefoiu the con-
sequence followed which has been pointed out by
the Senator from Indiana.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. If the Senator will
pardon me a moment, under that hill, as under
th is one, a man could buy himself off by the pay-
ment of §300; and if all those who were drafted
were to buy themselves off, there would be no
men furnished.
Mr. FliSSENDEN". Exactly; but all do not
buy tliemselvesoff, and when you baveexhausted
the roll you put all those who have paid in the
wheel and draw them over again. That is what
you will do under this bill as it stands. Unques-
tionably that is the effect of it.
Mr. SHERMAN. With the consent of iny
friend from Maine, I will say it will operate more
strongly against those Suites that pay, because
they must still furnish their quota. After paying
the eommutation, they must go on and fill up
their quota.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Unquestionably they have
got to furnish their number of men. lfyou re-
quire a thousand men and they are drawn, and
#five hundred pay commutation, and you get but
live hundred, you have got youreommutntion for
five hundred, and then you draw again togetfive
hundred, and you keep on drawing until you get
the number required. Ifitll <if them pay, you put
all the names in and draw again until you get the
required number. That is what the law is, and
that is what vou do.
Mr. GRIMES. How long do yon do that?
Mi. PES3LNDEN. Just exactly until you
get the men required, l>c it longer or shorter. The
result is, that the States which pay not only pay
but furnish the men ton if tho thing is followed;
*tnd therefore lhe consequence by no means fol-
lows that my friend from Indiana has pointed out
if the Government choose to enforce the law
which we put into their hands. Besides, this
commutation money does get men. It is used
for other purposes. It may be used to hire col-
ored men or other men in other sections of the
cou«itry;and yet itdoesnot excuse the State from
furnishing the numberculled for, unless they iai§e
it by volunteering or otherwise. It only leaves
that State to bear a double burden I will take
for example its effect in my own State. We have
got to raise our quota and fill it up. Vermont
has filled hers, A large number in my State paid
the commutation; but still the men "have to be
furnished. How do we do ? A great many per-
sons paid commutation, and then the towns and
cities went to work and offered large bounties to
men to come foiward and enlist. In addition to
getting the bounties offered by the United States,
recruits received bounties from the towns. Men
got $800 and $1,000 for enlisting. Thus it will
be seen that the paymentof commutation throws
a very heavy burden on the State which pays;
"butitisa burden which the State chooses to take
upon itself. It does not add one feather to the
weight that is placed on the State that is so well
represented by my honorable friend from Indi-
ana—not a feather. It only shows that if the
men of that State volunteer and do not pay they
do not bear so heavy a burden as we do, for we
furnish the men and pay besides.
Mr. President, so much feeling should not ex-
ist on this subject. I always regret to differ from
the report of a committee which has investigated
a subject, but becausc a committee make a recom-
mendation to the Senate and the Senate chooses
to differ, chooses notto;be convinced,and follows
the views of the minority, I do not see that it
gives occasion for so much feeling, as if the com-
mittee or the members of the committee who
constitute the majority had been injured because
on full discussion a majority of the Senate come
to a different conclusion. Why, sir, it is my fate
very frequently to make repoits from my com-
mittee which the Senate oyerrule decidedly anil
promptly. I do not feel hurt about it in any
shape or form. I do the best lean to enforce my
own views, and if the majority is against me I
do not allow myself to feel as if I had been per-
sonally injured because other people think them-
selves wiser than 1 am, and I have come very fre-
quently to the conclusion myself that they are
wiser than i am, and am very glad they did so
decide. I do not think, therefore, because my
honoiable friend from Indiana and certain other
.gentlemen on that committee haveconsidered this
subject and have very strong and'fixed opinions
upon it that it necessarily follows if the majority
of the Senate, two to one, decide otherwise, that
they are right and the majority are wrong, and
that the country is necessarily to sink because
their views are not carried out.
Now, sir, there is room for a very great differ-
ence of opinion on this subject. I confess I have
thought from the beginning that this idea of com-
mutation was a wise one. It excuses no State
J om its quota, but it relieves a great many per-
sons who me not able to serve in person. It does
not diminish one whit the force of the argument
that eveiy one owes his peisonal service, and
when the time comes must yield his personal ser-
vice. If the country can afford to dispense with
it for a time on certain conditions, it does not vary
the principle. The only question is whether the
time has come when it cannot dispense with the
personal service of any and every man. When
it does come, then it must be met. The argument
I adduced in reference to that matter was founded
on that idea; but at the same time it was founded,
as Senator* will recollect, on the idea that we were
to take a different course from that which has been
taken heretofoie; and that was, to insist on the
draft and cairy it through.
Sir, if you had taken that system, or if you
will take that system, and will insist upon it, and
carry it through fiom beginning to end, time aficr
time, and abolish your system of offering enormous
bounties, and put it upon the question of compul-
sion alone, 1 will vote to stt ike out the commuta-
tion; but Congress will not do that, and the Gov-
ernment, including the whole of its departments,
will not do it. Therefore, so far as that is con-
cerned, the two points must be taken together in
the shape in wluch I introduced them,!f 1 am to
be considered as bound by them.
If this principle of commutation is wrong, I
hope my view will be overruled. I want to reach
the right; but at the same time I do not feel com-
pelled,especially by strong denunciations, to yield
my deliberate judgment with reference to it; nor
do I feel compelled, because an individual Sena-
tor may think we arc cloing great injustice in a
particular ease to believe that 1 am willfully doing
that kind of injustice or any injustice in relation
to the matter.
If the sum is too small I am perfectly willing
to enlarge it; but avoid, if you can, the risk (be-
cause I believe it is a risk) of making such tre-
mendous drafts upon what, after all, lies at the
bottom of the whole, and* which we have got to
consider, and do not cany it to such a point as
in a measure to defeat our own object by striking
out that which is most essential.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think it is very manifest
that we cannot finish this bill to-night, as debate
is springing up all over the Senate upon it. I
should be quite willing to sit here if I thought we
could finish it within any reasonable time; but I
do not think we can; and, as it is somewhat im-
portant that we should go into executive session
for a few minutes,! move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. WILSON. I hope we shall not go into
executive session.
Mr. HARRIS. I hope the Senator from Illi-
nois will withdraw his motion for the present. I
think we can dispose of this bill in a very few
moments. I will move to amend the proposition
of the Senator fiom Ohio, as I did yesterday, by
strikingout " five" and inserting " four." I hope
the Senate will take a vote on that question at
once, and then I think we can dispose.of this bill
in a few minutes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly; I will with-
draw it. I do not wish to press the motion if we
can get through with the bill to-night; but at the
same time we arc just punishing ourselves and
accomplishing nothing, i withdraw the motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from New York moves to amend the amendment
of the Senator from Ohio by striking out " five"
and inserting "four," so that the maximum of
commutation shall be $400 instead of $500 as pro-
posed in that amendment.
Mr. FOSTER. I ask unanimous consent to
move that when the Senate adjourn to-day it be
to meet on Monday next.
Mr. COLLAMER. Let us first ascertain
whether wo can finish this bill.
Mr. FOSTER. I withdraw the motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from New
York to the amendment of the Senator from Ohio,
stiiking out " five" and inserting "four."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; there being, on a division—ayes22, noes 18.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
recurs on the amendment as amended, by which
the maximum of commutation ia fixed at $400 in-
stead of $3G0.
The question befog taken, there were, on a
division—ayes 23, noes 17.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment is agreed to.
Mr. HENDRICKS, Mr. CONNESS, and Mr.
POWELL called for the yeas and nays.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will entertain the call, although it is out of the
power of Senators to call foi the yeas and nays
after a division has been had, nnd the result lias
been announced. The Chairis unwilling to con-
clude the action of the Senate by what may, per-
haps, be regarded as a premature enunciation on
the part of the Chair. The yeas and nays are
demanded on this question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DAVIS. I voted for the amendment to
the amendment last voted upon under a misap-
prehension, and I therefore move its reconsider-
ation.
Mr. HOWE. There is a question pending.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the amendment as amended.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 voted for the amendment to
the amendment.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator voted to strike
out " five,-" and to insert " four."
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir, by misapprehension;
and I move a reconsideration of that vote.
The PRESIDING OFFICER ' The Senator
from Kentucky moves to reconsider the vote by
which the Senate amended the proposition of the
Senator from Ohio by striking out 44 five" and
inserting- " four."
Mr. FOSTER. I ask whether that is in order
during the pendency of tins other question ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair re-
gards it m order as a privileged question, as the
Senate is not in the act of dividing;.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 want to understand what I
am going to vote for. As I undeistand the ques-
tion, if I am in favor of substituting $500 in the
place of $300, as the law now stands, I vote " aye"
with the Senator from Kentucky.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Kentucky moves to reconsider the vote by
which li five" was stricken out and " four" was
inserted. If that motion to reconsider be carried,
