2252
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 12,
so many bloody fields, and earned for him so
richly the gratitude of his country. Not to vote
for this bill is to balk the nghteous purpose of
the nation to save its own life, and to visit a fit-
ting retribution upon its assassins.
Mr. Speaker, i shall not detain the House
longer, having1 already occupied more time than
I intended. I think the principles of this bill are
understood*on both sides of the House, and I
now demand the previous question on its pas-
sage,
Mr. PENDLETON. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman one or two questions in relation to some
features of this bill before he moves the previous
question.
Mr. JULIAN. I will answer a question dr
two, and for that purpose I withdraw the demand
for the prpvious question.
Mr. PENDLETON. I would like to ask the
gentleman from Indiana if he can tell us how
many acres of land now in the possession of the
Government will be subject to entry under this
bill?
Mr. JULIAN. Wo arc selling thousands and
thousands of acres for the non-payment of taxes,
independent of the law providing for the seizure
and condemnation of property by proceedings in
rem. An immense amount of land—I cannot
state it definitely—has fallen and will fall into the
hands of the Government.
"Mr. PENDLETON. I say, Mr. Speaker,
pursuing: this subject, that this bill provides that
lands of three classes, lands acquired by the Gov-
ernment under three diflerent laws, shall be appro-
priated as the bill proposes.
The first is the law for the suppression of in-
surrection, the punishment of treason and rebel-
lion by the seizure and confiscation of the piop-
erly nf rebels. I understand that by that and the
amendment passed to it, there is to be no confis-
cation of real estate except during the life of the
person attainted. There is, thei efore, no land that
lias come or can come into the possession of the
Government by that law winch can be made avail-
able for the pnipose of tins bill.
Mi. JULIAN. I will say in answer to the
gentleman, that supposing the position taken by
Kim to be correct, the passage of this bill is still
perfectly warranted by the exigencies of the
times, for reasonsalready stated; but I take it for
granted that under existing laws as interpreted
by our courts, or by virtue of fui ther legislation,
we shall reach the fee simple of the ieh*--Js. A
joint resolution has already passed this JIousc—
I believe it has not yet passed the Senate—which
1 think provides lor confiscating the lands of rebels
in f(je.
Mr. PENDLETON, I undeistand perfectly
well the position of the gentleman fiom Indiana
upon the propiiety of that, joint resolution, but,
if 1 am coriectly informed, it has not. y<>t passed
both Houses of Congiess, and from the long tunc
it has slept in the other branch of Congress, if is
not probable that it will; but that is merely a
matter of conjecture. 1 Understand the Judiciary
Committee there have reported against it, and a
gentletnan near me informs me they so unani-
mously lepoitetl, but that the Senate have taken
no action upon the repoit.
It is apparent, then, that under that law not an
aero has come into the possession of the Govern-
ment that can come under the piovistons of this
act.
The next class of lands to which the bill is in-
tended to apply is the lands which the Govern-
ment acquires under sales for the collection of
diiect taxes. Now, the gentleman from Indiana
says that thousands and thousands ot acies have
been sold under that law. 1 would like to ask the
gentleman if there have been any lands sold under
the operation of that law except m the'immediate
neighboihood of this city in Virginia, and pet-
haps down at Hilton Head? J ask for informa-
tion. 1 was under the impression that no other
lands had been sold. I may be mistaken.
Mr. JULIAN. Large quantities have been
sold at Port Royal; butlcannotspeak definitely.
I know that many thousands of acres have been
sold there, and I think also in Louisiana and
Florida. J will remind the gentleman also that
it has be^n decided repeatedly by Judge Under-
w^ruj :1m' iho Government, under existing laws
of C'leiiieNS, rhe n^hf to confiscate the prop-
fll\ nf i eh< !. ill f( V i Jill] J1 e.
Mr. PENDLETON. I understand the con-
struction under which Judge Underwood has been
acting; but I do not understand that his judicial
decisions have been under the law to which I
have been calling the attention of the gentleman.
That law with the amendment says in express
language that the confiscation of real estate shall
be only for the lifetime of the person attainted.
I am informed by a gentleman who sits behind
me that not a single acre has been sold under this
law for the collection of taxes except in this im-
mediate neighborhood and at Hilton Plead, and
the amount sold there is so inconsiderable that
for a measure of this magnitude it may be said
there is practically no land to which it can apply.
Mr. HIGBY. I understood the chairman of
the committee [Mr. Julian] to agree to yield the
floor to me, and that I yielded to the gentleman
from Ohio. I desire to know who is entitled to
the floor.
Mr. PENDLETON. I claim the floor. I un-
derstood the gentleman from Indiana to^ield to
me to ask a question. I am simply asking him
a series of questions, and I am doing it in good
faith, for the purpose of eliciting information.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will say that the
floor is in the control of the gentleman from In-
diana.
Mr. IIIGBY. I ask my colleague whether he
yielded the floor to mc.
Mr. JULIAN. I did yield the floor to my col-
league on the Committee on Public Lands. But
I wish to say a word in answer to the question
of the gentleman from Ohio. Not being able to
answer pteciscly, I say again that, conceding
everything he says to be true, there is still avast
amount ot land being sold for taxes to which this
bill applies by giving them as homesteads to our
soldiers.
Mr. PENDLETON. One more question.
Mr. JULIAN. Make it ahoit.
Mr. PENDLETON. If the gentleman docs
not want to furnish information sought in good
faith, of course 1 will not tionble hnn.
Mr. JULIAN. Go on.
Mr. PENDLETON. I think he will hardly
say that 1 have abused his courtesy or that of the
House.
Mr. JULIAN. My time is short.
Mi. PEN DLETON. The other class of lands
to which this is intended to apply are lands sold
for the non-payment of taxes m the loyal States.
Mr. JULIAN. What is that?
Mr. PEN DLETON. Lands are acquii ed under
the internal revenue law, and this bill is intended
to apply lo them.
M r. J ULIA N. It is intended to apply to lands
in the msui iectionary districts. I have not time
to answer questions further.
Mr PENDLETON. One more question. The
gentleman is right in his last statement.
Now, I understand the provision of this biR to
be that m the insurrectionary districts, under the
operation of the internal revenue law and the act
for the collection of taxes, lands are put up for
sale, no matter for what reason the taxes have
not been paid, no matter whose property it is, no
matter how anxious the party may have been to
relieve himself from the so-called confederate gov-
ernment to pay these taxes, and the lands are to
be bid off not at the maximum but the minimum.
Mr. JULIAN. The gentleman is substan-
tially coneet, but tliei e is a provision ill the bill that
any party within two years may redeem his land
on his pioving his loyalty.
[ Mr. PENDLETON. That tine, but there
I is no provision that the entry of the party shall
1 not take place within two years.
1 Mr. JULIAN. The Governmentgets no valid
title until the time has expired.
Air. PEN DLETON. That is true, but this bill
permits the puemption to take place before that
time.
Mr. JULIAN. The man who preempts pre-
empts at his own i isk. I now yield to the gentle-
man fiom California.
enrolled bill.
Air. POMEROY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled an net (H. II. No. 159) for a
grant of lands to the State of Iowa, in alternate
sections, to aid m the construction of a railroad
in said State-, when the Speaker oigned the same.
HOMESTEADS ON CONFISCATED LANDS—AGAIN.
Mr. HIGBY. Mr. Speaker, the attack on this
bill'from the opposite side of the House has been
against the general policy of the confiscation law.
That discussion is in reference to a policy already
established by law. It is a foregone conclusion
and beyond our action, and therefore, to my mind,
it is wholly unnecessary to occupy so much time
on that point.
This bill is based uponprevious laws. It makes
no changes whatever in those laws. It simply
provides for the disposition of such lands as be-
come the property of the United States under
those laws. The policy of the confiscation law
has already been discussed. The law which re-
quires lands in the United States to be sold for
the non-payment of taxes is in reference to a pol-
icy already settled; and this bill, if it becomes a
law, will not make a change m that. The only
question to be settled by the House is as to the
disposition of the lands which become the prop-
erty of the United States in the insurrectionary
districts by virtue of those two laws.
Air. Speaker, the main feature which seems to
create a great deal of disturbance here is that one
which gives to a man with a dark skin the same
compensation for his services which is given to a
man with a white skin. Justice to the one class
is injustice to another. That is, if a man does a
dollar's worth of work for me, if he is a white
man I must give him a dollar, but if he is a black
man I must pay him less, or else I am raising
him to a level with the white man.
Sir, this bill, if it becomes a law, takes away
no rights from the soldier, whether he be black
or white. He may take lands under the home-
stead law in other parts of the Union; but the bill
provides that if he wishes to take them in the
insurrectionary districts, he must take them in
accoidance with the provisions of this bill, if it
becomes a law. It takes away no lights under
existing laws, but simply confines him to the
terms contained in this bill, piovided they sec fit
to take lands m the insurrectionary districts.
Sir, some gentlemen are very uneasy. The
question of equality arises to disturb them. They
say if you give them freedom you give them an
equal chance for acquiring property; that you
then propose to make them voters, and then, of
coui.sk, follows amalgamation and all the evils
their imaginations can conjure up upon this sub-
ject, looking forwaid into the future beyond the
compieheiibion of finite minds.
Some gentlemen have spoken very learnedly
and vciy exclusively hero upon this question,
when they re pi eye nt States in which negioes every
year go to the polis and vote. How many black
men are there to-day m the State of New Ymk
who are entitled to go to the polls and vote ? Gen-
tlemen pretend to claim that if you secure to these
men the rights confened in this bill, if you guar-
anty to them pay for their services, you theie-
foregive them all the privileges which the Con-
stitution and the Government bestow upon white
citizens. Does it follow that if a black man is
paid justly for his services, that he therefoie has
ail other rights which are extended to whitemen?
For that reason 1 asked my colleague on the com-
mittee, when he was b^ins questioned, how many
centuries into the futuie his intentions extended.
"Sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof."
We are trying to remedy in some small degree
the terrible evil which we now have on our hands.
We can see the consequences of this evil in our
streets this veiy day in the thousands of maimed
and mutilated soldiers who arc pouring thiough
them, and are thronging our hospitals all around
us. They are the fruits of slavery. Now,theic
are thousands of colored men in the Slate of New
York, my native State, who. if there were an
election to-day, would have the light to go to
the polls and vote. In my earliest childhood I can
remember to have seei\ black men go to the polls
and vote. It is true a qualification was imposed
—a property qualification. Now, if the Govern-
ment will toleiate the black man under any cir-
cumstances whatever as citizens or inhabitants
only, it must encourage the idea of their acquiring
property that they may not become paopeis and
pensioners upon the Government.
The only question is whether such a bill as this
should follow those which have already been
passed. And I will answer the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. PLNDLEfONj who asked my colleague
