1864
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
rls, Hicks, Morgan, Mmrill, Ilamsej', Riddle, Saulsbury,
yen Evek, Van Winkle, and Wiiley—14.
ABSENT—ATo5«i?. Brown, Carhle. Chandler, Davis,
Dooiutio, Harding, Ilendmon, Howard, Lane of Indiana,
McDougaM, Ncsnnth, Spiague, Wilkinson, Wilson, and
Wiight—15.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON". I wish now to move an
amendment making an appropriation for contin-
uing the work on the aqueduct.
Mr. SHERMAN. That will come in more
regularly after the amendments of the Finance
Committee shall have been acted on.
Mr. JOHNSON. Very well.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
hoy.) Tiie next amendment proposed by the
Committee on Finance will be read.
The next amendment was read. It was to in-
crease the appropriation for pay ofsuperintendent
of botanic garden and assist ants in the botanic gar-
den and green-houses from $5,945 80 to $6,145 80.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the fol-
lowing items from the appropriations for the
Columbian Institution for the Deaf and Dumb
and the Blind:
For continuing the work for the accommodation of the
students and inmates inlaid Institution, In addition to the
appropriations heretofoie made ; for the purchase of a tract
of impioved land, containing about tint teen aercs, border-
ing on Boundary stieet of the city of Washington, and ad-
joining the lor now belonging to 'the uis-titution, to enable
ft to iiMiuct the male pupils in hoitieiiituio and agticui-
ture, and to furnish sites tor mechanic shopa and other
necessary buildings, #:2t>v00G.
For, the erociion of a building to be used as mechanic
. 8hop«< l'or the instiuction of the pupils in useful labor, and
to furnish more convenient and healthful apartments, as
well for the instruction as for the sleeping rooms for the
male pupils, $31,445 87. „
And in lieu thereof to insert:
For the purchase of a lot next westerly of said asylum,
adjoining Boundary street, containing about eighty-two
thousand rive hundred feet, with the building* thereon,
$7,UU0.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after line one
bundled and eighty-nine of section two the fol-
lowing item:
Foi the purpose of building a new custom-housc at Port-
land, in Maine, on the site owned by tho United States,
$50,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section four, line
four, before the word " Congress" to insert" ses-
sion of;" so as to make the clause read:
That the compensation of the cleik to the Committee of
Ways and Means shall be §2,lo9 per annum, to commence
Willi the present sCmioh of Congress ; and such sum as
may he fouiul nece^uiy to pay the same be, aud is hereby,
appiopuated.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out from
line seventeen to line twenty-two of section four,
as follows:
For payment to Mes«rs. Little, Brown & Co. for thtee
hundt'*d and ninety five volumes ot the statutes at Large,
at #3 50 per volume, delivered by order of the Secretary of
the Intel lor, dated Febiujry-.it, 18J3, £2,7(35.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to know the
ground for striking it out.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is sufficient to say that it
is purely a private claim. The other House ex-
cluded trom the bill every claim of that character
except this one. We wish to preserve this bill,
if we can, free from all piivate claims.
Mr. SUMNER. Out is this a private claim?
Mr. SHERMAN.® It is simply money claimed
to be due to a private firm, on very doubtful legal
authority.
Mr. SUMNER. Is it not on account of an
alleged order from the Department?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, on account of an al-
leged order, which creates a dispute as to (he au-
thority. We had itin one other appropriation bill,
and both Houses stiuck it out. If these parties
have a proper claim, let a bill be introduced to
pay them and let it be referred to the Committee
on Claims, wli«n> it can be investigated.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask the Si-mi tor if the course
now taken does not make a distinction between
tins case and other eases? Is n not the habit to
put on this bill or other appropriation bills or a
ddieienoy bill, I will not call them claims, but ac-
counts or bills like this?
Mr. SHERMAN. No, sir; and if this be kept
in the bill it will be the only private claim which
has been put on it; all others have been excluded.
If the Senate desire uniformity and justice they
will exclude this, because if this is allowed to go
on the bill there will be ejforts to put on all kinds
of claims.
Mr. GRIMES. Would not this be a legiti-
mate and proper item if the name of the firm,
Little, Brown & Co., was stricken out and the
appropriation was to pay for certain books pur-
chased by the Secretary of the Interior, in pur-
suance of a law of Congress?
Mr. SHERMAN. That is the very question.
It is disputed, in the first place, whether he had
any authority, under the law, to buy the books.
Mr. GRIMES. This I understand to be the
same case we had before theSenate on a previous
occasion.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senate struck it out
then.
Mr. GRIMES. From the facts developed at
that time I have not any soit of question that the
contract was a binding obligation on the part of
the Government to pay for these books. There
i« not a firm in America of Better reputation than
Little, Brown & Co., with whom I have been ac-
quainted by reputation for many years. When
the issue was raised before, I had not any doubt
as to the question between Little & Brown and^
the authorities here, and I had not any doubt then
what the final result would be, and when the de-
velopments were made I was satisfied the claim
was correct. It seems to me peifectly legitimate
to put it on this bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have looked into this
matter somewhat more than I did at the time it
was up before, and I think 1 can mztkc the ques-
tion (about which I propose to give no opinion)
clear to the Senate, so that they can undei stand
what they are voting upon. 1 do not regard this
as a private claim, and I do not see that there is
any legal claim existing. Whether it is advisa-
ble to purchase these books and make an uppro-
pi jation "for that purpose is a question for the
Senate to decide. Oiiginnlly the m rnrigement
made was that Little & Biown should publish
the laws and should furnish a certain number of
copies, a thousand copics. Afterwaids it was
found that we wanted moie, and, as I understand,
another contract was made. At the time the ori-
ginal contract was made, the custom was and the
law was to give each member of Congi ess a copy
of the volume published. Some half dozen yccua
ago we provided that that should no longer be
done. Little & Biown, however,although they
understood it was no part of the contract, sup-
posed that that usage would be continued, that
each member of Congress would be furnished
with a copy of the laws. That custom was
changed, and the result was a call for a less num-
ber of copuis. We appropriated an amount suf-
ficient to purchase two thousand copics of the
laws. It was an appropiiation; no contract was
made, but we appropriated theamountneeessary
at the rate fixed to pui chase two thousand copies.
The Government wanted for the purpose of dis-
tribution under the law but one thousand six hun-
dred and five copies of each of the last two vol-
umes, and they took only one thousand six hun-
dred and five. Little &" Jiiown, however,pub-
lished the whole two thousand copies, and they
think that they have a fair claim upon Congtess
to take the two thousand copies of the tenth and
eleventh volumes as the appropriation mentioned
that amount, aud they supposed that they would
be taken.
What goes, perhaps, to add somewhat to their
equity is the fact that with regard to the eleventh
volume which has been published, they mu-rht,
if they had seen fit, have divided it into two; and
it has cost them a veiy much larger sum of
money than they icceive per volume in payment,
as it is itl the first placc a veiy large volume, con-
taining the proceedings of the two last Congi phses,
and in the next place the cost ot paper andjnnd-
ing, &c., has been very much ineieased. They
think that tis they have published that volume,
notwithstanding their loss on it, which undoubt-
edly is consideiable, and have complied with
their cot)tract fully, the Government ought Jo
take the two thousand eopies which, under the
appropriation made, was specified.
The objection to taking them is that at present
a considerable number of them may not be wanted,
and we should have the three hundred and ninety-
five copies of each volume on hand, and they
would remain on hand for a considerable time.
They were sent on; but it having been found
out that there was no authority to take them, the
Secretary of the Interior not having paid for
them did not take' them, and notified Little &
Brown to take them away; and the question now'
is whether thq Government will take the futl
number of two thousand copies, according to
what Little & Brown conceive to be, on certainly
apparently plausible grounds, to say the least,
the equity or the case between them and the Gov-
ernment.
It may be said that they are unquestionably
highly honorable men, and at aloss have gone on
to execute their contract faithfully and ably and
admirably, I may say,in all particulars, and they
think they ought not to suffer the loss of the
three hundred and ninety-five volumes of each of
the tenth and eleventh volumes, and the Govern-
ment oughPto take them on the implied obliga-
tion arising from the fact that we made an appro-
priation for two thousand copies, although there
is no legal obligation whatever on the Govern-
ment to take that number, in my judgment. That
is the simple state of the case. I do not regard
it as a private claim. It is simply a question
whether Congress will take the volumes or not.
Mr. SUMNER,. If it be not a private claim,
then the question is open on its merits, and it
seems to me that on its merits Congress ought to
carry out what Little & Brown supposed was
the original understanding. The Senator from
Maine very properly pays a tribute to the char-
acter of this house, rcrhaps there is no house
in our country more truly honorable than that of
Littlo & Brown, and in the publication of the
Statutes at Large I believe they have done tho
country a good service with very little profit to
themselves. If you go over the history of that
publication from the beginning down to the pres-
ent time I believe you will find it has been of
much more advantage to the.country than it has
been to the booksellers. It has not been a prof-
itable publication. It was very costly in the
original outlay. Of course it is stereotyped.
Plates cannot be made for nothing, and the edit-
orial care and labor that have been bestowed
upon it have required a very considerable addi-
tional outlay of money. For all that there has
been-thus far, as I understand, a very slender
leturn, so that the publication has been in no
respect advantageous to the booksellers.
Under these circumstances, considering the mer-
itorious character of the publication mjd the ex-
cellent manner in which these bopkscrfers have
performed their part of the business, it seeing to
me rather hard that they should be called to en-
dure this additional loss, for it is an additional
loss. They have manufactured these books—I
use the language of the trade—and actually sent
them on to Washington, as they imagined, m the
performance of a contract. When the books ar-
rived here they were disappointed; the books wero
not received.
Mr. COLLAMER. There is somehow an im-
pression that there was one other thing. They
were not more books than we called for by the
appropriation; but they got them here at a tim 
when it was said the appropriation had lapsed
after the two years had expired. So I am told.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator docs not
exactly understand it. The Government were m
the habit of calling for books as they were wanted;
they called for the numberthcy wanted, and these
additional copies were in the hands of Littl« <$&
Brown, and remained so long without being called
for that the time lapsed, so that although they had
the books, they weie not m the hands of the Gov-
ernment. The only question that occurs to me aa
raising any trouble about it was that one case wad
as long ago as 1855, 1 think, when the tenth vol-
ume was published. I asked Mr. Little why the
matter was suffered to he so long, why the vol-
umes were not called for and delivered. He did
not seem-to give any definite explanation except
simply that he thought the order would come in
due time.
Mr. SUMNER. I believe, in regard to that,
the firm had implicit confidence in the Govern-
ment. They felt that their relations with tho
Government, which had been going on for some
twenty years, were so thoroughly established
that there could be no difficulty. They knew
