1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
evidence that the Legislature of Delaware is dis-
loyal !
Mr. President, there are two words that ought to
be blotted out of the English language, since they
have been so miserably perverted as they have been
in these modern days, and they are the words " loy-
alty "and " disloyalty.'' Ifsomething could come
over the human memory that these words could
never be remembered it would be a relief. Men re-
peat, parrot-like, words whose true signification is
not objectionable, but words which are miserably
perverted to partisan purposes. The Senator from
Michigan declares that the resolutions passed by
the Legislature of Delaware, and the act of the Gen-
eral Assembly, amount almost to an act of seces-
sion. That is just about as sensible a definition of
secession as what we hear in every boy's and girl's
mouth that can neither read nor write,and in the
mouth of every ignoramus who never read the his-
tory of his country or the Constitution of his coun-
try, because a man objects to his political views,
his partisan views," You are a secessionist!" Par-
rots learn these things, and can utter them about
as distinctly as some people.
Mr. President, the Senator from Michigan said
that there was no evidence, or very slight evi-
dence, of any interference with the freedom of
elections in the States. 1 propose to furnish that
Senator and the country with some evidence of it.
I hold in my hand a volume of upward of three
hundred and fifty pages, being a report of a com-
mittee, and the sworn testimony of witnesses ex-
amined by that committee, of the Legislature of
the State of Delaware, showing what the military
interference in that State has been. I do not pro-
pose to read this book to the Senate; but I do
propose to call their attention to some matters de-
posed to by the witnesses, which will furnish
proof of this military interference.
I stated yesterday that the only justification, if
there was violence or apprehended violence in a
State, for the interference of the Executive of the
United States was the power given him in the
fourth section of tho fourth article of the Consti-
tution, when he was applied to by the Governor
of the State when the Legislature was not in ses-
sion, or by the Legislature if it was in session.
At the time of our general election of 1862, to which
this document relates, our Legislature was not in
session, ltmeets biennially in the month of Jan-
uary and generally adjourns in March. But we
had a Governor. It is true he happened to be a
Democrat. He did not call upon the President
of the United States for any military force to aid
in the execution of the laws of the State of Dela-
ware. His testimony is to be found on the 4th
page of this document. In it he states that he was
Governor of the State of Delaware in November,
1862; that he never applied to the President of the
United States or any Federal officer for aid to pre-
serve the peace of that State,orto send troops into
that State; and that no citizen of the State ever
applied to him to make such an application to the
Administration. He further swears in effect that
he never knew or heard of any cause why they
should have been brought in, and that he had no
official information from the General Government
that troops would be sent into the State on or about
the 3d day of November, 1862. Yet on the day
previous to the election in that month and year
every village of our State was filled with soldiers;
and on the day of the election soldiers with bay-
onets and with charged guns were at the polls,
and at every poll in the State, I believe, except
one or two. How did they come to be there?
Had there been any trouble in the State? Had
there been any outbreak of violence in the State
of any kind? Had any been threatened ? If so,
I demand the proof. The only authority for ex-
ecuting the laws of the State and preserving the
public order of the State is the State authority,
and that is intrusted to the Governor of the State
as commander-in-chief of its militia, except when
he or the Legislature shall apply to the Federal
authority under the fourth section of the fourth
article of the Constitution of the United States;
and yet in that State, simply because it was a
small State alfd a feeble State—feeble in numerical
numbers, but, thank God, not feeble in the spirit
of its sons—the military were brought in and sta-
tioned at the polls. How did they come there?
I now call to the stand a man who never was a
Democrat in his-Iife, who never voted the Demo-
cratic ticket, and who was voted for and supported
by this very same Union party—they call it the
Union party; I call it and believe it to be the dis-
union party. Yincent C. Gilpin, mayor of the
eity of Wilmington, on page 286 of this report
deposes that he was mayor of Wilmington atthe
time, and that at the very election where these
things took place he voted the Union ticket. He
states that on a Sunday he was in church, and
that he was sent for by a colonel, Henry S. Mc-
Coombs, of Newcastle county, to go to his house.
Mark you, McCoombs is not a fighting colonel,
but one of those colonels who get contracts from
the Government and become rich by making war
upon the Treasury. He was never in a battle and
he never smelt gunpowder. Mr. Gilpin swears
that he went there and "met Mr. George P.
Fisher." Mr. Fisher is the gentleman who was
at that time a candidate for a seat in the other
House, and a gentleman whom this body has con-
firmed as judge of a court in this District after
having been defeated by the people of the State
for Congress, even though he was supported by
bayonets.
" I met Mr. George P. Fisher, Mr. Nathaniel B. Smlth-
ers"—
A gentleman who now sits in the other House—
"and, I believe, a gentleman by the name of Lofland—
James R. Lofland, I presume."
He met them at the house of Colonel Mc-
Coombs. Now we come to the particulars of the
meeting.
" Question. Wilt you please to state for what purpose
they were in Wilmington, and upon what subject they
wished to consult youF
"Answer. They wished to consult me on the subject of
having a military force in Wilmington on the day of the
ttcction, in order to keep tile polls open and free of access;
whether I wished a force for this purpose. I replied that
I did not wish any military force in Wilmington ; that I was
satisfied in my own mind that, with the police force, I could
keep better order than I could with a military force, and that
I required no military force to keep order.
" Question. Was there a military force sent there, and
stationed at the voting places in the different wards on that
day ?
"Answer. There was in several wards, to my knowledge.
I did not visit all the wards.
" Question. Do you know by whose order that military
force was sent there, and distributed as you have described ?
"Answer. I do not.'3 ******
" Question. What reply did Mr. Fisher, Mr. Smithers,
Mr. Lofland, or Colonel McCoombs make to your remon-
strance against sending a military force to the city of Wil-
mington, or lather to your assurance that you did not desire
or need such a force?
"Answer. None, that I recollect, sir.
" Question. Was there anything said in that interview in
reference to the placing of soldiers at the different voting
placcs of the several hundreds of New Castle county, out-
side of the city of Wilmington?
"Answer. There was.
"The Chairman. Please to state what was said In refer-
ence to tliat subject as nearly as you can recollect.
" The Witness. They asked nie what number of persons
I thought would be required at certain polls in the county.
I replied I did not know; having no knowledge of any dif-
ficulty that might oeeur at those polls.
uQuestion. Do you recollect which of those gentlemen
asked that question ?
"Answer. 1 do not, sir. But I presume it was a general
question.
" QucUion. Wrts there anything said at that interview in
reference to the bringing ot armed soldiers into Kent and
Sussex counties to be present at the polls on the day ol
election?
"Answer. There was, sir.
" The Chairman, Please state what was said as nearly as
you can recollect.
"The Witness. Those gentlemen said there would be so
many soldiers required atone place, and so many at an-
other. I do not remember ciactly what they said. I did
not charge my mind with anything not lelating to the city
of Wilmington.
"Question. Did you learn at that interview,or have you
learned since, whether Colonel McCoombs had been In the
city of Washington to solicit or make arrangements for the
biingmg a military force into this State to be present on
the day of election ?
"Answer. That was my impression at the time."
I wish here to remark that the Secretary ofWar,
in sending to the Senate his answer to the resolu-
tion offered by the Senator from Kentucky, in-
quiring what military orders he had given relative
to the elections in the border States, attempts to
deny that any had been given, ^tnd he sends a letter
from some of his subordinates in which they state
that none had been given by them, and he says
that none had gone from his Department directly.
I have shown here by proof that this Colonel Mc-
Coombs , a contractorundcr this Government, was
so patriotically inclined that he came here and
sought to have the military sent into that State;
and 1 will show, before I am through, the commis-
sions to the provost marshals who were appointed
the Sunday before the election, signed "Edwin M.
Stan ton," andproducedbefore this committeeby
the provost marshals themselves. It is true that
I cannot show the orders accompanying the com-
missions; but I can prove from.one of the provost
marshals that orders did accompany them. I shall
show that he sent blank commissions for' the ap-
Eointment of provost marshals, and that those
lank commissions were filled up inpart byGeorge"
P. Fisher and this man James Ri Lofland, -who
has got his pay by being made a paymaster in
the Army, and that those commissions were de-
livered to the provost marshals on the Sunday
preceding the Tuesday which was the day of owr
election, and that the instructions were filled up
in one instance, at least, I am capable of proving,
by this James R. Lofland, and yet the Secretary
of War declares to the Senate of the United StateB
that no orders have gone directly from hisDepart-
ment onthis subject. Whatis themeaning of the
word "direct?" There may be indirectness in thi?
answer. If any man were arraigned on an accu-
sation of crime beforea petit jury in this country,
and I could bring such strong circumstances
against him to show his criminality as I can fur-
nish here against the Secretary of War when he
is charged with military interference in the elec-
tion in my State, no jury of twelve honest men
would fail to convict. Mayor Gilpin in his tes-
timony also declares his impression to be that if
the military had not been there, there would have
been much less difficulty in preserving order than
there was.
Governor Cannon was a witness on that occa-
sion, and he testified himself that he had several
times applied to the Secretary ofWar to furnish
troops to be present at the polls; and apprehen-
sive that the Secretary of War wotfld notansweif
favorably, he, who then was a candidate for Gov-
ernor of the State, and in whose behalf the mili-
tary was invoked, applied to Colonel Wallace, a
subordinate stationed down on the Eastern Shore
of Virginia, to send up troops to be present at the
polls. So apprehensive were they lest they might
not receive a favorable answerfrom Washington,
that they went to tampering with a subordinate
officer. If it had been ,a Democrat who tampered
with an officer for such a purpose, he would,under
these new regulations, 1 suppose, have been tried
by a military commission and been shot. Colonel
Wallace very obsequiously observed the behests
of the candidate of the Republican party for Gov-
ernor, and marched his men up into the State of
Delaware from the Eastern Shore of Virginia to
control its elections, and dispersed them through
that State.
What pretense did this Governor give when put
upon his oath before an investigating committee
of the Legislature? Why, that he had been told,
but he could not say by whom, by some responsi-
ble party, that some secessionists from Maryland,
to be headed by Curtis W. Jacobs, were to go to
the polls in one of the hundreds in the county in
which 1 reside, and that they were to keep the
Union men from voting; and also that he had un-
derstood that at the little election, about four weeks
before, some Democrat had drawn a pistol upon
a Republican. He was contradicted in both these
facts, for Mr. Jacobs was called to the stand as a
witness, and he swore that he never entertained
such an idea, he never heard it suggested, he was
taking no part or lot in the elections in Delaware,
and had no idea of doing so, but being a large land-
holder in the State of Delaware,living near the line,
having been born in the State, and his wife born in
the State, he frequently visited, once or twice a
week, his farms in thelosver part of our State; and
he happened on the day of election to ride nearthe
polls to see two men on business, and a provost
marshal arrested him and coufmcil him until four
o'clock and then released him. In that hundred, as
you would see if I bad time to read this testimony,
numbers of citizens were arrested and maltreated
by the military, and yet no attempt was made to
raise a hand against them,even when Democrats
suffered from these outrages. No pretext was
alleged, much less proved, that there had ever been
in that State any attempt to create any violence or
to th wart the operation of any Federal law, or even
any order of a General Schenek.
Mark you, Mr. President, 1 want to trace this
matter home. Mr. Stanton, I will show you, sent
blank appointments for provost marshals, and the
Republican candidate for Congress-was one of the
men who filled them  ip, and another Republican
