THB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
January 15,
man, that the State should have the benefit of that
fean, of that equivalent; but if the $400 will not
procure a man, and it may not, it would seem but
right, and necessary indeed, that the man should
be supplied in some other way; and the only mode
in which the man can be supplied, if the $400 does
not get him, is by.going again to Maryland—I
instance Maryland for the purpose of illustration
merely—and insisting upon another draft. I have
flo doubt that the Senator from Maine is correct
in saying that the whole object of the conscrip-
tion may be defeated by such aninterpretetionas
I believe has been given to the law by the Depart-
ment; but if the Senate should think that that in-
terpretation ought to be guarded against by mak-
ing the law plain upon the subject, or by making
a raw for the first time on the subject, in prepar-
ing such an amendment it will bo found, I think,
■when we come to make the attempt, that it will
not be so easy to do it without doing some other
wrong; and it is so late now in the day that indi-
vidually I would prefer, and I therefore suggest,
that the Senate adjourn until to-morrow.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. If the Senator will
withdraw that motion for a moment, I will offer
an amendment on this subject, so that it may be
printed, and considered when we meet again. I
offer the following amendment to come in at the
end of the amendment of the Senator from Ohio,
{Mr. Sherman:]
The money paid for commutation within any State shall
foe expended to procure substitutes for persons drafted
Within sueli State, and the payment of commutation money
by any drafted person shall not operate to release the State
to which lie was drafted from filling its quota, but the draft
sliall proceed in such State until its quota is filled.
Mr. JOHNSON. That does not cover it. The
intention was, 1 understood, to present the prop-
osition with a view to have it printed.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Yes, sir.
Mr. JOHNSON. X now move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. SUMNER. Let us adjourn to Monday.
Mr. JOHNSON. I said until to-morrow.
Mr. RAMSEY. Would it be in order now to
move to adjourn over to Monday before we ad-
journ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It would not.
II00SE BILLS IUSFERKED.
Pending the motion to adjourn, the following
bills from the House of Representatives were sev-
erally rehd twice by their titles, and referred,
namely!
A bill (No. 143) to amend the law prescribing
the articles to be admitted into the mails of the
United States—to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads.
A bill (No. 144) to indemnify the owners of the
British schooner Glen—to the Committee on For-
eign Relations.
A bill (No. 145) for the relief of the heirs of
Noah Wiswall—to the Committee on Public
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the m<U>o" of the Senator from Maryland,
[Mr. Johnson,] that the Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was agiccd to; there being, oil a
division—ayes 24, noes 17; and the Senate ad-
journed.     
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, January 15, 1BG4.
The House met at twrhc o'clock,m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. W. 11. Channino.
The Joui iial of ycsteiday was lead and approved.
The SPEAKER stated that the regular order of
business was the call uf committees for lepoitsof
a private character.
POST KOUTE IN THE TUKIUTOEIES.
Mr, BENNET, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agieed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Po*t Office and
Post Rood-. b« instructed to consider the propiiety of t stab-
lishmg a po.-t road Irom Demer, m ilie Tomtory of Colo-
rado, via thu (-'astern ba«>e of the Rooky mountain^, to Ban-
nock City, in the Territory 01 Idaho, and teport by bill or
otherwise.
MILITARY POSTS IN COLORADO.
Mr. BENNETalso, by unanimous consent, and
rn pursuance of previous notice, introduced a bill
making an appropriation for military posts in the
Territoryof Colorado; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs,
MILITARY ROAD.
Mr. BENNETabo,by unanimousconsent,and
in pursuance of previous notice, introduced a bill
making an appropriation for a military road from
Denver, in the Territory of Colorado, tp Camp
Crittenden, in the Territory of Utah; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
MINERAL RESOURCES, ETC.
Mr. BENNETalso, by unanimous consent, and
in pursuance of previous notice, introduced a bill
to provide for the development of the mineral re-
sources of the United States and of the public
domain; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
NEW POST ROUTE.
Mr. COLE,ofWashington,by unanimouscon-
sent, submitted the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be directed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a post load fioin Foit Budger, Utah Territory,
via Boise City, IdahoTeiuiory, the Powdei river and Grande
Ronde vailey, in the State ot Oregon, to Waiia-Walia,Wash-
ington Territory, and provide ior the conveyance of the
same by daily service in tour-hoise coaches, and to report
to this House thereon.
HOMESTEAD LAW.
Mr. WINDOM,by unanimous consent, and
in pursuance of previous notice, introduced a bill
amendatory of the homestead law, and for other
purposes, which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
NEW POST ROUTE.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa, by unanimous con-
sent, submitted the following lesolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency ot
establishing a post load from Sioux City, m fowa, by'the
way of Yankton, in Dakota, the Niobraiah valley, in Ne-
braska, and Gallatin, in Idaho Terntory, to the capital of
Idaho Territory.
COLLISIONS ON TIIE WATER.
Mr. ELIOT, by unanimous consent, from the
Committee on Commerce, reported back bill of
the House No. 62, fixing certain rules and regu-
lations for preventing collisions on the water, and
moved that the same be recommitted to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
ADMEASUREMENT OF TONNAGE.
Mr. ELIOT also, by unanimous consent, and
from the same committee, reported back bill of
the House No. 119, to jrcgulate the admeasure-
ment of tonnage of ships and vessels of the United
States, and moved that the same be recommitted
to the Committee on Commerce, and be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
SMALL-POX IN TIIE DISTRICT.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I desire to state to the House
that the Committee for the District of Columbia,
under the instruction of the House, have had the
matter of the snail-pox in this District under con-
sideration, and have received several communica-
tions from different persons, which I ask to have
read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
January 14, 1864.
Sir: The undersigned ,meiribpisofthe committee to whom,
a reference was made to examine into the eoiporare pow-
ers of the Mayor and Cay Council of the city of Washing-
ton, respectfully  epoit, that among the powers confeired
by the art of 1830, incorporating the city of Washington,
and stili m force, are the following, contained in section
seven:
11 To establish a boatd of health, with competent author-
ity to enforce its regulations, and to establish such other
regulations as may he necessary to prevent the introduction
of con i anions diseases and for the preservation ot the health
of the city."
And the following m section eight:
u To establish and erect hospitals or pest-houses/' &c.
Consideiing the->c provisions and the annexed leport of
the Surgeon General, it appear to the undersigned that no
fun her legislation by Congress is necessary in the premises.
All which is icspectfulJy submitted.
THOMAS T. DAVIS,
JOHN B. STEELE.
Hon. Owen Lovejoy,
Chairman Committee District of Columbia,
Surofon (tenerai/s Office,
Washington City, D. C., January 13, 1864.
Sir: I have the honor to repoit, for the information of
the Committee of the House for the District of Columbia,
that, having received authority from the honorable Secre-
tary of War to give hospital accommodation to all such cases
of small-pox occurring m the Districts could not be pro-
vided for by the civil authorities, measures were adopted
two months since to enlarge the Kalorama hospital, and
upon application by the mayor or superintendentof police,
small-pox patients are at once removed to it for treatment.
A small-pox hospital has also been established at Alex-
andria, under similar regulations. Increased facilities for
vaccination, or revaccination, have been furnished for ail
employes of the Government, and ithas been recommended
to the superintendentof police that an office for gratuitous
vaccination of ail persons be at once opened in a central
portion of the city.
The vaccination of all children attending the public
schools, and of all the police and other employes of the
city, could be made compulsory, and is respectfully recom-
mended as a sanitary measure.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JOSEPH K. BARNES,
Jtcting Surgeon General,
Hon. Owen Lovejoy,
Chairman House Committee of District.
Mayor's Office, City Hall,
• Washington, D. C., January 11,1864.
Sir: In compliance with yourrequestto inform thecom-
inittee of which you are chairman what measures had been
adopted to prevent the spread of eruptive contagious dis-
eases, and what provision made for the care and treat-
ment of those afflicted therewith,! have the honor to state
that the small-pox, which now apparently creates some ap-
prehension in the public, mind and alaim in the Houses of
Congress was, previously to 1861 and the breaking out of
this rebellion, an event of so rare an occurrence that it ex-
cited little or no attention in the community.
The bunging into the city of thousands, and the crowd
that usually follows such bodies, if it did not introduce,
certainly occasioned the spread of the contagion, and in-
duced me to call the attention of the City Council5? to the
fact of its prevalence in our midst in the following com-
munication :
Mayor's Office, City Hall,
Washington, 0. C., December 1,1861.
To the Board of Aldermen and Board of Common Councit,
Gentlemen : It may not be improper to suggest to your
Boards the necessityofmaking some provision for thespeedy
removal of infected persons, the destruction of furniture
and wearing appaiel, where necessary for the health of
the community. The rapid spread of eruptive contagious^
diseases renders some action on your part imperatively ne-
cessary, and must be my apology for calling your attention
to this subject.
Very respectfully.
Richard Wallacii, Mayor.
As an additional precautionary measure, the necessity '
of immediate vaccination was urged upon the community
through the daily newspapers, and notice given to all un-
able to pay that sucii service would be gratuitously per-
formed by any of the several ward physicians of this cor-
poration, and in the short peiiod of five months no less than
twenty-two hundred and eighty were attended to at an ex-
pense to the city of #1,140, or fitty cents in each case, in ad-
dition to the annual compensation of the physicians.
Since then the Councils, as necessity requiied,have made
appropriations of money for«the eniaigement of accommo-
dations, and the care and treatment of such oases, and for
that purpose have spent duiing this time §8,81827,pro-
vided for the appointment of another medical officer, &hose
exclusive duty it is to attend to diseases of that kind, and
taken care of all persons disposed to avail themselves of
it, whether citizens or transients, and all followers and at-
taches of the Auny other than enlisted men or volunteers.
Until lately the Geneial Government made no provision
of this kind for certain employes and attach6s of the Army
(unenlisted men) engaged in various capacities in and
about the fortifications and other places ; persons (soldiers)
once in service and discharged, and contrabands (negroes)
who having been in the service of individuals had toiteited
its protection and were no longer entitled to be provided
for by it.
These, together with the vast number of wives and chil-
dren who followed their husbands and paients, and the
thousand* who flocked to this city in consequence ot the
war, filled both its small-pox and general hospital, (alms-
house,) and caused the spiead of the disease. Apprehen-
sive that the appioachmg cold weather, as iscvel the case
with this disease, would piove an element of it^ spread,
and anxious to protect, and as far as possible piovide for
the wants of the community, I addressed on the 3 4th of
November last the Q,uarterina*tci General on the subject,
and in response theieto iue<jived from the acting Quarter-
master General the following lettei:
Quartermaster Generat/#Officf,
Washington, 1"). C., N'ocember 21,1863.
Sir : Your letter of the 14th instant to Brigadier General
Kuckei, calling attention to the fact that many of the Gov-
ernment etnployfis, other than soldiers and contrabands,
afliicted with small-pox are taken care of by the coipora-
tion, and requesting that some provision be made by the
Government tor taking care of such persons, was icfcrred
to this olfice on the 15th infant, with the following in-
doisemcnt:
"Respectfully referred to the Quarteimaster General.
t£ Employes of the Government, undpr my control, when
attacked with small-pox have always been sent to the Kal-
orama hospital, and thcic taken care of.
(Signed,) c: D. H. Hucker,
Brigadier General and Quartcrmaster.''
Very respectfully, your obedient seivant,
Chas. Thomas,
.Acting Quartet master General.
Richard Wallach, Esq., Mayor of Washington.
Fearful that the reply of that officer might not be satis-
factory, I addressed within two days thereafter the Secre-
tary of War, and received from the War Department the
