mm.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 24,
that they themselves were performing their part
of the contract honorably and completely, and
they did not suppose that on the partof the Gov-,
ernment there would be anything which could
be regarded as a favor. Now, sir, if this firm
had been hard in their bargain, if they had failed
in any respect on their part, if what they had
done had not been advantageous to the Govern-
ment, and I may also add advantageous to the
profession, to ourselves, to all who have occasion
to" consult the Statutes at Large, then 1 Should
think they would not be in a condition to bring
forward the present claim. But they are in every
respect blameless. There are no persons who
could come before us with a case, or with a claim,
or whatever you may choose to call it, 1 submit,
wno could, so far as £heir own conduct is' con-
cerned, be more absolutely above criticism. I
Otb not know that there is any suggestion of crit-
icism, but I submit that that is an essential ele-
ment in the case, for if we are dealing jvith meri-
torious persons, we certainly do not wish, of we
ought not to wish, to have the hardness begin on
our side. I think if we throw out this claim of
theirs, our course will be what you may properly
characterize as hard.
The Senator from Maine suggests that there is
no occasion for the book's now.
Mr. FESSENDEN. For all of them.
Mr. SUMNER. If there be no occasion for
all of them now, yet if in any respect the Gov-
ernment may be considered to be bound to take
them, if it be proper or honorable for the Gov-
ernment to take them, then I should hardly go
into the consideration whether there will be occa-
sion for all of these copies. But we all know
that at this moment, wilh the large increase of
our offices everywhere throughout the country,
there must be an increased supply of these very
volumes needed. I should say—lspealc, of course,
only according to general information—that there
would be an immediate demand for all of these
copies, and, indeed, for a great many more, by
sending them, if you please, to the new Territo-
ries; there are our provost maislmls, there are
our collectors, there are n great many officials
cieated recently by recent btntutes that must be
without these volumes, and if the Government
should have them on hand it might undertake to
supply lliem. X hope the- clause will not be
struck out.
Mr. COLLAMER. Tills item was inserted in
the House bill, and the proposition now is to
strike it out, not that there is any dement in it,
but that the form of it is not liked in this bill, be-
cause H is#Pgarjjed as a private claim. When
we come to examine it and the chairman of the
committee explains it to us, it is no private claim,
or is no claim to go before the Court of Claims
or any committee, but it is a question whether
we ought to buy the books. I do not see, there-
• fore, any sufficient ground to strike that out which
upon the merits the House put in.
Mr FESSENDEN. I think it is beat to
amend this clause before the vote is taken, and 1
move to insert after " three hundred and ninety-
live" the words "copies of the tenth and elev-
enth."
Mr. SHERMAN. Why amend it at all ? The
date of the order is prescribed, and the amount of
books, and number of books.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It says three hundred
and ninety-five volumes. There are in fact throe
hundred and ninety-five copies of the tenth and
eleventh volumes. It now reads " three hundred
and ninety-five volumesof the Statutes atLarge."
Mr. SHERMAN. Just strike out the num-
bers, and say, " for the Statutes at Large, at $3 50,
delivered by order of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior." That will accomplish the Senator's ob-
ject.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is better to say (< thrSe
hundred arid ninety*five copies of the lentil and
eleventh volumes each."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Maine, being to perfect
the clause, is first in order before the motion to
strike out is put.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the motion of the committee to strike
out the clause.
The motion was not agreed to.
The next amendment of the Finance Commit-
tee was at the end of section four to insert:
To supply a deficiency in the appropriation for miscel-
laneous items for the Senate for the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1864, $12,730. *
For deficiency for the Congressional Globe for the pres-
ent session, $-25,065 12.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Finance to offer the following amend-
ment, to come inrfcfter line two hundred and six-
teen of section two:
To supply a deficiency In the appropriation for the cost,
"charges, and expenses properly incurred by the State of
Minnesota in suppressing Indian hostilities in the year
1862, the sum of $117,GOj: Provided, That only so much
of i>aid sum shail be paid the State of Minnesota as is al-
lowed by tire proper accounting officers under the twenty-
second section of the act approved March 3,1863, entitled
"An act making appropriations for sundry civil expenses
of the Government for the year ending the 30th of June,
1864, and for the year ending the 30th of June, 1863, and
for other purposes."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. The Committee on Finance
direct me to move to otaend the bill by inserting
after line one hundred and twenty-three of section
one:
To change Tiber creek where it runs through the botanic
garden into a sewer, $10,150, to be expended under the
direction of the Commissioner of Public Buildings.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to have some
explanation of the amendment.
Mr. CLARK. This expenditure is made ne-
cessary for the purpose of covering that sewer on
account of the offensive state in which it has be-
come for two or three years past, especially in the
spring and th§ dry season, and itis recommended
by the person in charge of the grounds and also
by the city surveyor. I will send to the Chair a
letter from the person in charge of the grounds
which I desire to have read.
The Secretary read the following lettei:
Botanic Garden,
Washington, January %, 18G4.
Pear Sir: 1 would most respectfully call your attention
to tin; importance of asking Congi ess for an uppropuation
to cover up the open sewerthnt passes thiouijh the botanic
garden, known as Tiber creek, tiince the umodnerioii
of Potomac water this always filthy, sluggish stteaiu per-
foini^ the functions of the night-cat t for about one third
the city. The sewerage of (he Capitol deposited in the
canal, and other filth, is regularly washed back by the tide
and left lor a time to pollute the atmosphere, generating
disease and death, and rendering the giounds anything but
agreeable, and only thoroughly eleanied by a fieshet.
An arch of the same capacity as that on Penn.-yivania
avenue, with ;i wooden flom, stone abutments, and eigh-
teen inches of bnek in the arch, might be built from Penn-
sylvania avenue to lite center line west of the Capitol for
$10,000. Tins would eover the head of tide-water, and
prevent to a great extent the generating by the solar rays
of aerial poison and obnoxious effluvia immediately in front
of the Capitol, and adjoining that gieat thoroughfare Penn-
sylvania avenue. The other portion could be done when
something definite is airanged by the corporate authorities
about then open sewer, the canal.
Most respectfully yours,
WILLTAM II. SMITH,
Supmntewtenf of Botanic Garden.
lion. B. IJ. French, Commissioner of Public Buildings.
Mr. CLARK. In addition to that, the Com-
missioner of Public Buildings and Grounds rec-
ommends that this should be done. The com-
mittee are satisfied that in the offensive state m
which that sewer is, it Should be done.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. I move a further amendment,
to insert after line one hundred and seventy-one,
on page l4, the following:
For carrying on the work of the commission appointed
to not under the first article of the reciprocity treaty with
Great Bntani, $8,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WADE. I am directed by the Committee
on Territories to move to amend the bill on page
14, line one hundred and sixty-two, by striking
out «* fifteen" and inserting "five;" so that the
clause will read :
For sinveying the public lands in the Territory of Da-
kota, §5,000.
And then to add at the end of the clause the
following:
For the survey of a military road from Sioux City, Towa,
to Fort Randall, Dakota Territory, and from Niobraiah,
Nebraska Teriitory, to Fort Kandall. and to budge Hie Da-
kota and Yurmiliou rivers and other streams, £15,000.
This amendment will add $5,000 to the appro-
priations that the House of Representatives have
made for the Territory of Dakota. It proposes
to take §10,000 from the appropriation made by
the House for surveying the public lands in Da-
kota and applying it to other purposes in iheTer-.
ritory. The Delegate thinks that $5,000 will
answer that purpose. It is said to'be exceedingly
important that this appropriation of §10,000 should
be made for the purpose of bridging their streams
and making a military road. It will only add
§5,000 to the amount appropriated by the House
of Representatives. It is said that these streams
in the spring of the year are almost impassable,
and it is absolutely necessary for the convenience
of travelers that this appropriation should be made.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON. I offer an amendment to in-
sert on page 11, .after line ninety-nine, the follow-
ing-'
For continuing the work upon th« Washington aqueduct#
$150,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Commerce to move the following
amendment, to come in on page 4, at the end of
line sixty-eight:
For the erection of alight-house on Point Peninsula, be-
tween Big and Little Bay De Noquet, in the State of Michi-
gan ,$15,000.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state to the Senate
that this bill, with a single exception, contains
no appropriation for new works. There is an-
other bill pending in the House of Representatives
making various appropriations of this sort, to
which this amendment might be attached; but if
it is now adopted on this bill ii will open the door
to about fifty amendments providing for the con-.
struction of new works. We might as well have
the question decided now ostitis amendment.
Mr. MORRILL. I will withdraw the amend-
ment if there is another bill coming to us to which
it can be more properly attached. I have no choice
about the bill upon which it shall be placed.
Mr. SHERMAN. The House of Representa-
tives struck out of this bill some thirty or forty
appropuauona for new structures, with a view to
leave it without any such appropriation. . It is
for the Senate to say whether or not they will
embark upon this subject and load this bill down,
If the amendment of the Senator from Maine pre-
vails, as a matter of course it will be followed by
mttny others for new structures. I hope, there-
fore, the Senate will exclude it. If they are to be
attached to any bill let them be attached to a bill
that is now pending in the House of Representa-
tives, when it shall come to us, providing for new
structures. I forget the title of the House bill,
but there is a bill reported from the Committee
of Ways and Means which contains very many
items of this kind.
Mr. MORRILL. If this is the proper bill, I
desire to urge these amendments; if it Is not, of
course I do not. hdo not know how that matter
is. I am instiucted by the Committee on Com-
merce to move some three or four amendments
of this description applicable to the western lakes.
Thoy are all recommended by the proper Depart-
ments, and were found to be proper by the com-
mittee.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not wish anybody
to be misled about the condition of the bill to
which the Senator from Ohio has referred. I will
state to my colleague that the committee in the
House of Representatives have reported another
bill in which many of these things are put, but it
is not probable that that bill will be acted upon.
The chance of putting these amendments on that
bill, therefore, will be very slight, as it is very
doubtful whether it will be reached. We have
aheady taken some things outof that billand put
them on this. I should like to hear the pending
amendment read, as 1 did not hear it before.
The Secretary again read it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to hear the
reasons for that amendment.
Mr. MORRILL. I have the papers herefrom
the Light-House Board, and also from the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, recommending it. We have
no information beyond that that 1 know of. It
is recommended both by the Li^ht-Ho.use Hoard
and the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I deem abut fair tostate
to my colleague that the only chance for passing
the amendment is to put it upon this bill. I do
not believe there is any other bill coming from the
House upon which it can be put; and therefore if
it is a matter of necessity it ought to go on here.
