2254
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 12,
charter for a competing route. It was refused as
often as presented; refused upon the ground that
the faith of the State was plighted, and that that
faith should not be violated.
In 1852 the State granted a charter of incorpo-
ration to the Raritan and Delaware Railroad Com-
pany. It defines the line of that road along the
eastern boundary of the State. Its nearest point
to the Camden and Amboy railroad is at the ini-
tial point. Thence it diverges constantly. It
was not intended to be a competing route, itwas
intended to be a non-competing route. In 1854
the State chartered the Camden and Atlantic City
Railroad Company, whose line was at right an-
gles to the Camden and Amboy railroad, and
crosses the line of the Raritan and Delaware Bay
railroad. some fifty miles from Philadelphia.
When these two roads were nearly completed to
the junction, an attempt was made to establish a
connection between them which should make a
through route from New York to Philadelphia.
• An application was then made to the courts of
New Jersey to prevent the establishment of a
connection along these two roads, which run at
almost right angles to each other, that would cre-
ate a through line to New York from Philadel-
phia. These courts determined that making this
conncction would be an infraction not only of the
charters of the two roads, but of the contract
made by the State with the Camden and Amboy
Railroad Company, and therefore prohibited it.
Thus the judicial power united with the political
power to maintain the contiact which the State
had made and to preserve the faith which the
State had plighted.
Mr. GARFIELD. The courts refused to grant
an injunction against laying down the rails to
connect the two roads, but after they permitted it
to bo established they did enjoin through business.
Mr. PENDLETON. Certainly they did not
enjoin the construction of those two roads, be-
cause their con.stiuction was legal under their
charters. They were following out the line spe-
cified in their respective charters, and itwas their
right to make the roads for the uses and mode
mentioned in those chatters. It was only the use
to which the roads were attempted to be put that
was declared to be illegal. Til'1 constiuetion of
the mad from Raritan bay to Delaware bay was
in conformity with the charter; and so was the
constiuetion of the road from Camden to Atlantic
City. The creation of a connection for doing
through business on parts of each road was held
by the courts of New Jersey to be not only an
infraction of the charters of the two roads but of
the contract made by the State.
Mr. YEAMAN. As I have not the casesfrom
Massachusetts and Yuginta to which the gentle-
man has rcferied, I ask whether they relate to
the domestic internal commerce of those States,
or tocommerce between States? In other words,
was the point decided that a State may control
the movements and commerce of citizens of other
States? I apprehend a critical examination will
show that the cases do not go that length, whereas
the law of this monopoly does, for it refers in
terms to commerce between New York and Phil-
adelphia, neither city being in New Jersey.
Mr. PENDLETON. The point was that it
was competent for the State, thiough its Legis-
lature, to enter into a contract that no charter
should bo given to a railroad, authorizing it to
carry on a competing bu uness with the railroad
first created. I will take the libeity of handing
to the gentleman, in order that he may read them
himself, the eases to which I have referred.
Now, after all the power of the State ofNew
Jersey has been exerted in maintaining the con-
tract with the Camden and Amboy Railroad Com-
pany, we find these two corporations—not the
commcrcial interests of the State ofNew Jersey,
not the people of New Jersey, not the people of
New York, not the people of Philadelphia, but
these two corporations themselves—coming to
Congress and asking, what? That they should be
declared legal structures? No ! They are legal
structures to-day by the laws of New Jersey.
Asking that they may be made a post router
No ! They are post routes now by the laws of
the United States. Asking that they shall be
military roads? No! The Piesident of the Uni-
ted States, under the law, has to-day the power
to use them for military purposes, and he has in
fact used them in that way.
What do they ask, saysa friend near me. They
ask that these connections for through business,
which the judicial power ofNew Jersey has de-
clared to be in contravention to existing State
laws, shall be legalized by an act of Congress.
What they ask is plainly declared in the third
section of the bill. It is not that they shall be post
routes nor military roads nor legal structures,
for they are now, by virtue of the laws of the State
ofNew Jersey and of the United States,postroads,
military roads, legal structures.
No, sir; the bill has a further meaning. Itgoes
further, and it is intended to go further, for by
its provisions the Camden and Atlantic Railroad
Company and the Raritan and Delaware Bay
Raihoad Company, or either of them, or their
assigns, arc authorized " to complete, maintain,
and operate the said railroads and branches, and
to establish, maintain, and run ferries, steam-
boats, and other vessels as a line of transportation
for goods, wares, and merchandise of all descrip-
tions, and passengers between the cities of New
York and Philadelphia, and between the interme-
diate places and said cities respectively, and for
commerce between and among the several States
of the United States, anything in any law or laws
of the above-named States to the contrary not-
withstanding."
Now, I wish gentlemen to understand the full
meaning of this third section to which I have just
referred. These are local companies, created by
the State, whose line of works are to be built en-
tiiely within the State, having both their termini
within the State, intended for the accommodation
of the local travel find commerce of the State.
That is their object; so it is declared by their
charter; so it is defined by the very law of their
being. Now, it is intended by this thud section
to say to each of these railt oad companies, "You
may deflect from the course prescribed to you by
the law of the State and build the road which is
authorized to be built by the other company, and
pass along the hue prescribed for it to its term-
inus."
The Camden and Atlantic City Railroad Com-
pany is authorized, under this lull, to build the
i oad Ox the Rai itan and Delaware Hay Company;
and the Raman and Delawaie Bay Company is
author izetl to build the route of the Camden and
Atlantic City Company; and each of them and
their assigns are authorized to build all the roads
authorized by the State laws to be built by the
other company. I ventuie to say that a power
like that has never yet been granted by the Fed-
eral Government. It is authority given by the
Federal Government to one of these companies
to build half the road authorized by its charter,
and then deflect from its course and build one half
of the road authorized by the charter of the other
company.
I beg gentlemen to understand what this prop-
osition involves. In Massachusetts a road is char-
tered from Boston to Springfield. This proposi-
tion involves the power of the Federal Govern-
ment to authorize that company to leave that
course and build its road from the sourthem to
the northern boundary of the State. A company
is charteied m Pennsylvania to build a road from
Philadelphia to Pittsbmg. The proposition in-
vokes the power of the Federal Government to
authoiizc the road to be built fi om Harrisburg to
the lakes. It involves the power of the Federal
Government to authorize a canal company of the
State of Ohio,organized to builda canal from the
lakes to the river, to deflect from its course and
build a railroad from Wheeling to Cincinnati.
Mr. GARFIELD. I wish to suggest to my
colleague that this bill does not contemplate the
matter of building at all. It is only a matter of
using that which is already built, anil which is
declared by the courts of New Jeisey to be a legal
structure. My colleague seems to be discussing
! the question of the right to build, which is not in
; the ease.
j Mr. PENDLETON. I am discussing that
| very question, and 1 am doing it because these
; parties or their assigns are authorized by the pro-
! visions of this third section " to complete, main-
i tain, and operate the said roads and their branches,
1 and to establish, maintain, and run the said fer-
] ries and steamboats." If they are completed
| now, why give the authority to complete them?
j Mr. GARFIELD. I will state to the gentle-
i man that the substitute on which the Committee
on Military Affairs has agreed has nothing what-
ever to do with the building, but simply author-
izes the using of roads already established.
Mr. PENDLETON. Then the gentleman ad-
mits that my criticism'on the original bill re-
ported from the Committee on Military Affairs,
and pending here for three months, is a just one.
I will come directly to the substitute which has
been offered this morning. I say that under this
bill authority is given to these roads to deflect
from the course marked out by their charters, and
to build a road on an entirely new line. My col-
league [Mr. Garfield] made his speech—and a
very able argument it was—on the basis thatthe
bill reported was the bill on which the Committee
on Military Affairs intended to stand when it
camc to ask the House for a vote.
Sir, this bill is an attempt—and the substitute
accepted by the Committee on Military Affairs is
no better—on the part of Congress to invest a
State corporation cieated for local purposes, hav-
ing no being and no right to be outside of the
limits of that State, with powers not only not
given to it by its charter, but inconsistent with
the objects of the charter—powers that have been
expressly denied to it by the Legislature of the
State.
Now, I say that that is an enormous poweu\ I
say that in no single instance has it been exer-
cised by the Federal Government. 1 know that
the Committee on Military Affairs, in the report
submitted to the House, says that it has been
exercised, in substance, five times. I take issue
with the committee. I say that in no case that
has been cited has such power been exercised.
The committee says this power has been exer-
cised five times: once in the case of the Wheel-
ing brid£e> twice in cases in which laws were
passed establishing railroads as post roads, once
in the law of the last session authorizing the
Piesident to use all raihoads as military roads,
and once in the case of the Steubenville bridge.
Mr. Speaker, the case of the Wheeling budge is
familiar to every lawyer on this floor. That
was a case in which an action was commenced
to abate this bridge as a nuisance, and it was
held by the Supreme Couit of the United States
to be a nuisance, and was ordeied to be abated
lis such, because it interfered with the rights of
commerce on the Ohio river, and contravened a
law of Congress. It was i^t because it contravened
a law of the State, but because it contravened a
law of Congress, in lecognition of the contract
made between the State of Virginia and the Slate
of Kentucky,and ratified by the Federal Go\ern-
mcntat the time of the admission of Kentucky
into the Union. And accordingly after it had
been declared an illegal structure, as having been
made in contravention of the law of Congress,
the Congress intervened and declared it should
be held to be a legal structure, notwithstanding
its contravention of the law of Congress. So far
as that bridge is concerned, if suspended the oper-
ation of the prior law. The law passed expressly
provides that it shall be a legal structure, not-
withstanding anything that may be found in the
acts of Congress inconsistent with its erection.
The second case to which the committee alludes
in this report is the law passed, I think, in 1842,
diiecting that certain turnpike roads should be
post routes. That law was reenacted, in sub-
stance, as to all railroads, in 1853, providing that
all railroads then in existence, or hereafter to be
in operation, should be post routes. Now, what
is the effect of declaring that a road is a post
route?
I find that Judge McLean, in his opinion in this
very Wheeling biidge case, has answered the
question very satisfactorily; and, instead of en-
larging upon the matter, I will read to the House
his language:
"The policy of extending The lines of post roads on all
railroads and uaviguhh' waters wa^ to require, andcr a pen-
Hitv, ali boats and jailroad cars todepo^it in po?*t ofljees all
letteis which they may carry, so that the postage may he
charged, it to the Government no naht  on thc.-e
lines of communication, except where the mail may he
earned under a contract, which if ob^fiucteil subjects tiie
ofJeiidi'i to prosecution, it give1* to tiie Government no
other intere.-t in  >i control over the road." * v *
* '-Even an ordinary road may be, though a poat road,
altcted or vacated at the will of the local authoim . It is
dr.iicult to see what beiielit can result to the public hom
tbe^p bi iJgp*! hemic declared ^ po^t road it cannot ih<? the
hndLr<'- without paying" toil the same iw for the use of a
tiunpikf n ad onaihead. Jt does not prevent the company
from pulliti? down tin* budge 01 altr>mg it in any rc>pcet."
