1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2255
* * *' * "The idea that making the bridge a '
post road would exempt it from thpconsequences ol being
a nuis-ance is wholly unsustainable."
There, Mr. Speaker, I have given you the opin-
ion of Judge McLennan a grave judicial decision,
on a case pending before the Supreme Court of
the United States, that the creation of a road as a
post route by act of Congress gives to the Fed-
eral Government no power over that road, and
gives to the road itself no exemption whatsoever
from the local legislation of the State.
I may say further, sir, that Judge Wayne, in
his opinion in the same case, approved the doc-
trine laid down by Judge McLean in reference to
this question.
So much, then, for three of the instances cited
by the gentleman from Connecticut in behalf of
the Military Committee in his rcpoit. Another
case is the law authorizing the President to use
any of these railroads as military routes. That
law is still on our statute-book. It has full force.
It has not been repealed. It has been applied in
thiscase,and has been successfully applied. The
troops of the United States and munitions of war
have been carried over these roads fiom New
York to Philadelphia, and, so far'as I can learn,
no objection has been made to the use of the roads
for tins purpose, and no account has been made
of the profits of the roads accruing by reason of
the performance of that service. Surely gentle-
men will not hold that that is an authority for the
passage of a law such as the one now befoie us.
The only other case is that of the Steubenvillo
bridge. There I think thatCongress lias gone to
the very extreme limit of its power. I think, and
I say it frankly, that that is the only case that
can be cited which has even the semblance of a
precedent for the authority now sought to tie ex-
ercised. In that case the Congress of the United
States authorized either of two companies, one
existing in my own State and the other existing
in the State of Virginia, to build a bridge across
the Ohio river. The authority given to the cor-
poration of Ohio was not in contravention of any
power declared to exist in thatcorporation by the
Legislature of that State.
In the case of the other company I understand
there were limitations upon its powers under the
charter, but notwithstanding those limitations
Congress authorized it to construct the bridge.
But, sir, 1 call the attention of the gentleman to
the fact that this was a bridge to be built over the
Ohio river, as to which, under the authoiity of
the Wheeling bridge case, the Congress of the
United States has complete and absolute control.
I call attention also to the fact that this is a work
to be executed outside the jurisdiction or limits
of particular States. I call attention also to the
fact that in one case there was no prohibition upon
the corporation to build the bridge with which the
act of Congress interfered, and that in the other
the conditions established were frivolous and ar-
bitrary.
But, sir, even if the actof Congress did involve
the exercise of extreme power, it will be remem-
bered that at the time the law was passed the
State of West Virginia was giving its consent to
the passage of the bill, the Baltimore and Ohio
railroad was in the hands of the insurgents, and
that the only line of communication between the
western States and the capital was through Pitts-
burg. It was thought at that time that the in-
terests of the Government, as well as of these
States, lequired that thei e should be speedy legis-
lation in order that theie should be another line
of communication opened besides the single line
of road by Pittsburg. If there ever was a ease
in which this Government could be justified in
straming its authority, this was a case of that sort.
The Baltimore and Ohio railroad was closed, and
there was but one budge across the Ohio from its
mouth to its source, furnishing a channel of com-
munication for military or other purposes be-
tween the East tmd the West. So that while I
do not find it necessary to impeach the authority
of that case as a precedent, yet, if I did, I could
find ample ground for it in the circumstances
under which it was passed.
Now, sir, so much for precedents, so much for
the cases cited by the committee as a justification
for this bill. Nor do I think the Committee on
Military Affairs has been more felicitous in the
citation of its judicial authorities than it has been
in the citation of its precedents. The gentleman
has referred to the case of Gibbons Ogden, j
and has paid a very deserved coipplimenfto Chief
JusticeMarshall in connection with'that decision.
He said that eminent jurist had raised the term
commerce above the signification of mere trade,
and had raised to a corresponding extent the
power of the Federal Government over the reg-
ulations of* commerce. It is true that was the
beginning of a series of decisions which were
carried to their consummation by the decision of
his no less eminent successor, when in the case
of Fitzhugh and the Genesee Chief he declared
thatthe admiraltyjurisdiction of the United States
extended beyond mere tiderwater and embraced
all our inland lakes and large navigable rivers.
But what did Chief JusticeMarshall say in refer-
ence to this very power?
a Inspection Jaws, quarantine laws, health laws of every
descuption,as well as laws for regulating the internal com-
merce of a State, and those which respect turnpike roads,
ferries, &e.,aie component paits of this mass—that is,
that immense mas* of legislation wluch emlnaces every-
thing within Uie terutoiv of a State not surrendeied to the
Geneiai Government. No direct general power over these
objects.is gianted to Congress, and consequently they re-
main subject to State legislation."
And in another part of the same opinion, dis-
cussing this question still more at length, he holds:
" Commerce among the States must of necessity be com-
merce with the States. In the legulatiou of trade with the
Indian tribes the action of the law, especially when the
Constitution was made, was chiefly within a State. The
power of Congress, then, whatever it maybe, must be exer-
cised within the terutorialjuiisdiction of the several States.
The sense ot the nation on this subject is unequivocally
manifested by the provisions made in the laws for trans-
porting good* by land between Baltimore and Providence,
between New York and Philadelphia, and between Phila-
delphia and Baltimore."
In order to understand what Chief Justice
Mmshall meantbythat allusion I have taken the
trouble to hunt up those laws, and I find they
simply relate to the transfer of goods from the
ports of one State through another State into the
ports of a third State. They relate to commerce
among the States. They provide that one entry
shall be sufficient for that purpose, and there shall
be no necessity for a second en try in a port'within
the limits of the second State through which the
voyage is supposed to pass.
Now, sir, in this same connection, I desire to
. cite gentlemen to this Wheeling bridge case, to
which allusion has been made. Judge Nelson,
in delivering the opinion of the court, says:
"In respect to these ptnely internal streams of a State
the public i ight of navigation is exclusively under the con-
trol and regulation ot the State Legislatures; and in cases
where the.-c erections or obstructions to the navigation aie
constructed undei the law of a State or sanctioned by legis-
lative authoiity, they are neither a public nuisance sub-
ject to abatement, nor is the individual w ho may have Mis-
tamed special damage fioin their interference with the
public use entitled io any lemedy for his loss. So far as
the public use of the stieam is concerned, the Legislature
having the power to contiol and regulate it, the ^taiute au-
thonzmg tlie ^tiuctuie, though it may be a real impediment
to navigation, makes it lawful."
And Judge McLean, in dissenting, says:
"It under the commercial power Congress may make
bridges over navigable waters, it would be difficult to find
any limitation ot such power. Turnpike loads canals,
and laihoads might on the same punciple he built by Con-
gress; aiid if this-be a constitutional powei,it cannot, be
interfiled with by State legislation. So extiavagant and
absorbing a Federal power as this has rarely it ever been
claimed by any one."
Now, if that be the rule as to water-courses,
does it not apply to railroad courses? If the ju-
risdiction of a Suite is supreme over its irffkrnal
streams, is it not supreme over the railroads which
are created by the authoiity of the State alone?
If uparian owneis cannot be interfered with by
the action of the Federal Legislature,-1 ask whether
the same is not true of railroad companies ? It is
a question of the jurisdiction of a State, and not
the character of the structure over which the juris-
diction is exercised.
In the Convention which formed the Consti-
tution, Mr. Franklin moved to insert after the
clause to " establish post roads" the words " to
provide for cutting canals where deemed neces-
sary." Mr. Madison suggested an enlargement
of the motion into a power " to grant charters of
incorporation where the interests of the United
States might require and the legislative provis-
ions of individual States may be incompetent."
A discussion ensued as to the necessity of this
amendment of Mr. Madison, and the question
being taken as to the grant of power to the Fed-
eral Government to create corporations " to pro-
vide for cutting canals where deemed necessary,"
it was lost; Pennsylvania, Virginia, and Georgia -
voting in favojrof the grant, and New Hampshire, ;
Massachusetts, Connecticut, New Jersey, Dela- ;
ware, Mary land, North Carolina, and South Caro-
lina voting against it. This bill proposes to grant
to a local corporation the power to build a road
and branches not authorized by its chnrtQr. ,1s
that in any degree different from conferring new
corporate powers, orfrom granting a chapter en- '
tirely de novo ? This bill proposes to confer upon
such local corporation power to build a railroa^.
Is that in any degree different from the power to
build a canal? Does not the refusal to grant
power to the Federal Government, power to au-
thorise ef company to build a canal, carry with it
a refusal of the power to build a railroad ? The
answer is obvious. •
My friend who sits to my left [Mr. Garfield]
drew an argument from the fact tjiatNew Jersey
stipulated that she would return the consideration
paid for this contract if any such competing road
should ever be established in the State of New
Jersey, and said that New Jersey was thereby
estopped to recognize the power of Congress to
pass this law. But, sir, that is the universal rule
where there is a guarantee of title. Will the gen-
tleman tell me that a covenant of warranty is an
admission on the part of the grantor that there is
a valid outstanding title? I know on second con-
sideration that he will not.
Now, sir, 1 come to the substitute which was
submitted this morning. I have not had time to
.examine it carefully. I suppose I caught its mean-
ing when it was read at the Clerk's desk. I have
it now before me. I think it applies and was in-
tended to apply the provisions of this bill which
I have criticised and which I have shown to be
not only manifestly unjust but an infraction of the
rights of New Jersey—to apply these provisions
to all of the States of the Union, and to all the rail-
roads in those States. If that amendment should
pass,as I understand it, not a railroad ten miles long
in the center of the most central county of a State
is under the jurisdiction and control of State au-
thority. It provides that all railroads operated
by steam, no matter on what terms authorized,
no matter for what purposes built, shall have
power to carry passengers, freight, mails, and
Government supplies on their way from one State
to another State.
Why, sir, you could not construct a railroad
within the limits of a State for the purpose of
carrying coal from a mine to its depot without
this provision affecting it. You could not give
to a man or a company the right to build a road
through a given portion of a-single farm for a
particular purpose but the Federal legislation
seizes upon the railroad and authorizes the com-
pany to make it part of a line of transit from one
State to another. You could notcrcctaroad with
a stationary engine to haul maiblefrom the quarry
to the depot, nor a tiack to carry whisky from the
distillery to the storehouse, nor a street railroad
through a village, unless subject to this power.
Gentlemen may tell me I am interpreting ex-
travagantly the language of this provision. Then
let the language itself not be extravagant. Every
railroad in the United States whose road is oper-
ated by steam is authorized to carry freight, prop-
erty, mails, passengers,troops,and Government
supplies on their way from one State to another
State, and to receive compensation therefor. Why,
sir, no matter what useful limitations may be im-
posed on the road, for what purpose created, un-
der what guarantees established, they are all
swept away by the provisions of this bill, and a
company authorized for one purpose, and one
purpose only, and that a merely local purpose, is
authorized to connectitself with roads at one end
or the other, and to become part of a great thor-
oughfare from one end of the country to the other.
Now, sir, if all the rights of States are to be
swallowed up, if we aie to make them of no ac-
count in this Government,let us understand itat
once, let us give up the notion that this is a Con-
federation, let us obliterate State lines, and have
an end to the pretext that the States have reserved
righ ts.
My friend from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] foond
a great necessity for the passage of this bill in
the proclamation issued by the Governor of New
Jersey, and he complained bitterly that he called
the Constitution u compact, and that he spoke of
State rights.
