1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tori, Secretary of War. I received my commission through
and by a tnan bv the name of Isaac T. Dunning.
" Question. Will you ailow me to see it?
"Answer. Yos, sir.
"[Witness ptcscnts the commission.]
" Question. Were there any orders accompanying the
commission ?
"Answer. Yes, sir.
"[Witness piesents the orders.]
" Question. Will you please to look at the handwiiting
in which the commission was filled up, and alsothehand-
writing in which these orders were made out, and tell me
whether you think they arc the handwriting of the same
poison?
" Answer. 1 think they arc both the handwriting of James
R. Tioflaud." * ******
" [The witness presents the commission, which is as fol-
lows :
" War Department,
"Washington City, D. C\, November 1, 18G2.
" Sir : You are hereby appointed special provost marshal
for Baltimore hundied, Delaware, under General Orders
No. 140, tiom this Department. Immediately on receipt
heieof, please to communicate to this Depaitment, through
the 1'iovost iVIai«,lial General, your acceptance or non-ae-
coptanco,and with your tetlcr of acceptance leturn the oath
heiewith inclosed, piopcily tilled up, subscribed, and at-
tested.
"Your headqu.irtcis will be at Tunnell's store, and vou
will make such viriangements,when absent on duty, that any
communication fiom this Department may reach jou with-
out delay.
"EDWIN M. STANTON,
" Secretary of War.
"Samuel W. Lacy."]
Here is proof that your Secretary of War was
sending out blank commissions and orders to per-
sons of whom he knew nothing;. He did not know
what was to be put in them, but he left it uli to the
candidate for Congress on the Republican ticket
and a subsequent appointee under himself to fill
up the commissions and orders with whatever
names they pleased. Ail this was done " to pre-
serve the purity of elections," " to preserve the
Union and the constitutional rights of the peo-
ple,"and to give the people "a fair election!"
Pardon me, sir, for saying that confidence is not
only a plant of slow growth in aged bosoms, but
in young bosoms also in these days. •
William H. Taylor, page 297, testifies:
''Question. Fiom whom did you receive your commis-
sion as provost marshal?
"Answer. Itwas Mgned by the SecretaryofWar,Edwin
M. Stanton."
He swears that ho received his commission on
Sunday evening immediately preceding the elec-
tion; and they ail swear to ihe same eltcct.
William Ellegood, provost marshal of the town
in which I live, testifies, on page 89:
"Question. From whom and when did you receivtjiyour
eomiiJH-sioii as piovoj-t mai^lml?
''■Answer. Edwin M. Stanton, Soei?taiy of War. My
commission was dated the 1-t day of November; itwas
received on the 2d day ot Noveinbei."
Mr. President, I shall not trespass on the pa-
tience of the Senate to go through any more of
the testimony of these provost marshals to show
that they did get their commissions in blank from
Mr. Stanton, and that they were filled up by the
Republican candidate for Congress, because I
have shown you enough, and certainly nobody
will dispute the veracity of these Republican pro-
vost marshals. They will certainly be believed
by Mr. Stanton.
On the Monday previous to our election of
Tuesday, an unusual eight was seen in the little,
quiet, peaceful village of Seaford, a town in the
county in which I reside. A steamboat arrived
at its wharf loaded with armed men headed by a
major general of the United States, a man who in
former wars with the public enemies of his coun-
try had shown great bravery, and who had a rep-
utation that a military man might be proud of,
but who in his last days was humiliated by or-
ders; as I assume, from the War Department, to
invade a quiet little town of some six hundred
inhabitants at the head of armed men to be pres-
ent at the day of election. Had he the control of
the military in that town the next day? No, sir;
but this major general of the United States admit-
ted, as 1 shall prove to you, when appealed to to
allow the voters there to have a fair election, that
he had no control over the provost marshals, and
that if he must confess the truth, he was subject
to the provost marshals himself—these Sunday
night appointees, many of whom are not worthy
the notice of any decent man, although some of
them, t admit, before these tnm-s when men's
judgments and sunse and hearts become perverted,
had had some respectability of character.
I ask the attention of the Senate now to the ,
testimony of ex-Governor Ross of our State on
page91 of this book:
"Question. Will you please to state all you know about
the arnval of troops at Seaford; when they came, when
they lelt, and what they did while there?
Jlmwer. I was told about twelve o'clock thatsome sol-
diers had already anived there. I went down there and
sought an interview with Colonel Wallace, f succeeded
after a while in seeing the colonel. My object was to
know what the soldiers were brought there for. The col-
onel gave me hut little satisfaction, but,said the soldiers
were not brought theie to prevent the Democrats fiom vot-
ing. T learned through the colonel that General Wool was
on his way up the Nanticoke river with two or three boat
loads of soldiers from Baltimore. When the boat arrived
at Seaford 1 made an efToit to go on board to have an inter-
view with the general. Colonel Wallace told me the gen-
eral was engaged and I could not see him then. After a
while the geneial came ashore, escorted by a number of
citizens of Sussex county, who. I afterwaidsJeamed, were
the provost marshals of the different hundreds of the county.
The general, with the provost marshals, went to IVIr. Coul-
boui's hotel at Seaford. Then I, with Dr. McFerian and
Captain Wright, again endeavored to obtain an interview.
Dr. McFenan and 1 succeeded in getting into the room
whejehe was, surrounded with tnilitaiy officers and tiie
provost maishals. When the provo&t marshals discovered
we were in the room several of them arose and by their
manueis showed that they considered our entrance an in-
trusion, upon which we left the loom. Mr. Coulborn
then invited us into anothoi room, where we were joined
by a number of other gentlemen belonging to the Demo-
cratic party. Our object in meeting was to consult as to
the best means of obtaining an lnteiview with the general,
and our only object in seeking such an interview was to
ascertain whether we could have a fan election. After
consulting togethei for some time I finally pioposed to ad-
dress a letter to the genetal, reminding him of having spent
an evening with him, about the >ear 1852 or 1853, at the
St. Nicholas Hotel in New iorfc. All of the gentlemen
pies-ont appioved of my pioposition. I accordingly wrote
Mich a letter, and stated that fand othei,? had been denied
admittance into his loom that evening, but of course with-
out hisi knowledge, tor no other leasou, as I consideied,
than that of being Democrats. The letter was sent in by
the landlord. John L. Coulboin. As soon as the general
received it he came out ot the loom into the passage and
sent lot me. lie piofe„-.-.ed to tecognize me and to he glad
to ->ee me, but said that he was then vciy much engaged
and would scemeagam in a few minutes. Thid was about
half past live or six o'clock in the aftei noon.
" I waited impatiently until ten o'clock at night. About
that time I v\ as asked, being hard of iieai ing. if i heard that?
I replied 'No, what is it?5 I was, told the soldiers weie
going out of town singing the sung of1 John Biown's^oul
is matching on.' 1 then proposed to go home, and told
my Dtmociatic fuends that an nueiview with the general
was unnecpssaiy, as f con-idetod the mischief then done.
The gentlemen present uwj-ted on my icmainmg, which
I did until eleven o'clock, atvhhh time General Wool
came to the loom. 1 intioduced htm to all present, and
then asked him the obji ct of bunging the soldiers to Del-
aware. 1 do not leeolleet his an^wei, except that it was
his wi'-h that we should have a fair election. The next
dav f wa«< told by Silas C. Winught and others that Mr.
iiKKzaid, the piovost maishal, would not allow ceiiam
pei*on . to go to the window to vote. 1 took Wiunght down
to Geneial Wool*-- loom, and on enteuog as-k<*d the general
if he did not .is^ui e me we should have a lair election, lie.
said be did. I told him that i hail been informed that the
pMuost mat-dial had continued huri^ell bothinspectorand
judge ol the election, and that I considered the election au
uiiiuir one. 1 told the general that 1 wished he would in-
struct the provo-i marshal to let the judtres of the election
settle the question in legatd to doubtful voters, lie said lie
could not do it. 1 asked him u hj—it lie appointed bun he
could instinct him as to hi< duty. He said he did not ap-
point him; that he had been appointed either hv the Picm-
dent oi the Sectetaty of Wai, and that he had no control
over him. ' Indeed," said he, • il I must confess, so fai fiom
the piovost maishal being under my contiol. I am. for the
time being, rather under hi1*.' Upon which I apologized
for having interrupted him, and lelt the loom."
General Wool was subject to these provost
marshals of Sunday midnight appointment.
Now, Mr. President, was there violence at the
election? 1 will invite your attention to the tes-
timony of Joseph Marvel, page 201; and I wish
it understood that all this testimony was under
oath:
" Question. Where wc-ro you on the 4th day of Novem-
ber last ?
" Answer. I left my home for the election ground in
Dagsborough hundred, I suppose about nine o'clock in the
morning.
" Question. When you arrived there did you see any-
thing unusual or diffeient from what you had evei seen
tbeie before?
"Answer. Yes, sir. Wo arrived, about fourteen of us,
in a wagon. We saw about foitv soldiers there. They
had bayonets in their hands. We nad not got within one
hundied yaids of the place where they deposit the votes
when the soldieia came tunning at us m two hues. They
said to us, 'Give up the wagon and Hag!' We did so.
We had no eontention. The boys handed tiie flag right
out to them. A number of them. I do not know how
many, jumped on it and «tnppod it fiom the pole; some of
the others caught hold of our mules bitched to the wagon,
"omc other* caught hold ot (our of our men and took them
down to the place near wheie we voted, their headquar-
ters I suppo.se, and put them in theie. Aitet they put our
men in there, (hey went in and loaded then guns. I saw one
of them walking in ihe crowd having his gun, w it2) a cap
on it, already cocked and leady for shooting. I did not
know what he waygoing to do, 1 slipped up and voted in
a hurry. I believe some of our party rfrnelear hohwC On®
of them rati of walked about *ix miles,! believe.. Another
lan about two miles, so they said-. - People feept'Cqmiagrto
me and telling nie- that I was the owner of tiie wagonj qnd
had better leave. I then went to Geoigetown and remained
ail night and until nine o'clock next mornMg- I thought •
if I went home they might come there after me. aiio-it
would make a big fuss. • -. 2
"Question. Did you learn the cause which in^ucedthe
soldiers to take your wagon and arrest the men ? -
"Answer. I have heatd causes, but I do not know w*iQ$cr
they were so or not. The soldiers said we had a secesh
flag. Jacob Moore"—
He was once a flaming Breckinridge Democrat
and refused to vote for the resolution in, the £)e*n-
ocratic convention of out; State to unite with tbe
Douglas men; but now he is one of thcbestUnion-
savers in all the land in his way of paving it, by
voting the Republican ticket with the expectation
of personal profit thereby—
" Jacob Moore helped to contribute money for tiie flag ;
also myxelf and the present sheriff, Aaron B. Marvel, it
was made six years ago and more. Jacob Moore is a law-
yer in Geoigetown, and at that time belonged to ihe Dem-
ocratic party. lie now belongs to what some call the Re-
publican patty."
There is a case of violence for you, sir. I shall
now quote from the testimony of Peter Martin,
page 49. Speaking of what occurred on the day
of election in Georgetown, he said: ...
" Question. Were any persons tiiere so much Intimidated
us to be induced to leave the election ground ?
"Jlmwer* Yes, sir.
"Question. Please state who they were.
'Mnswcr. Kendall Wingate, James Wingate, George
Pepper, Alfred KolJoek, myself, Coulter Hart, Dutton Hart,
and Peter Pepper, who are all I remember.
" Question. Do you pay that all thete persons were in-
duced by intimidation, on account of the presence of the
sokheis, to leave the election ground sooner than they '
would othciwisc have done?
"j-lnsiccr. Yes, sir.
"Question. Where did they go?
('jinsirer. To the swamp.
"'Question. Did they all go together, ot in different direc-
tions ?
"Jlnsu'cr. I believe they all did not start together, but we
all, except two, got together that afternoon."
*** A * *****
"Question. Had any persons been arrested that day?
"Jlmwer. Yes, sir.
"Question. Who bad been arrested?
"Answer. Alfred Hart, Oliver Greenly, and Peter Hart."
They all happened to be Democrats. Two of
them were sitting at the hotel porch quietly talk-
ing to themselves. This occurred in the town in
which i live. I know what occurred in that town
on that day. I know that Democrats were in-
timidated ; but a Republican could go up to a Dem-
ociat talking to a doubtful voter and command
him to be silent, and he had to obey. They were
not free to act on that occasion.
"Question. Do you know tiie politic? of these parties?
"*dnsucr. Yes, sirj they were sound Democrats, all of
them."
To show you the conduct of the soldiers on that
day—they were put up to it by others; of course
they did not know these men; they-were told to
do it and they obeyed orders—i will read another
extract from Martin's testimony. He states that
he was driven from the ground through fear; that
ho had been told he would be arrested:
" Question. Was there any attempt kubsequcutly made
to arrest you ?
"Answer. Ye«, sir.
" Question. When, and by whom?
"Answer. On the day of election. I started home as soon
as i heard the news that they were going to arrest me. X
got about three hundred yaids of home and looked back
and paw seven or eight soldiers, with Adolpbus Ewing
ahead of them, running their horses. 1 jumped into the
ditch and remained there until f saw where they weie go-
ing. I did not know whether they wete going to my house
oi down into Da^borough hundred, until I saw them turn
into our gate. L then suited tor the >wamp. I looked
atound and <aw two of them ride up through the yard; one
of them stopped at tin* bedioom door and the other at the
cook-house door. I could not see the otiieis, as they wbro
on the fiont side of the house.
"Question. Have you.Mtice learned what thev said or did
while theie that morning?
^cJlm>wer. Ye?, sir. Those wlm went up in front jumped
oil'their hotsee, staued into the house, Adolpbus Ewmg
being ahead of them. .Mv wife met them at the door, and
told them that Adolphu* Ewmg could not come in ; that
they were welcome to come m. They inquired if IVfr Mar-
tin was at home. She told them no, «ir. They said they
wetc ordejed by the commander to come out there to a i rest
him, and to do whatevet Adolpbus Ewmg toid the/uto do.''
He is a man who keeps a hotel in the town in
which I live.
" My wife told them that they were welcome to search
the hou^e ; they did so, went up stairs and searched every
room above, she said, and below, went to the smokehouse,
went to the insane npartments, and through the rooms of
the poor, back to the house."
