3232
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE!
June 24;
defer his motion until we get through with this
particular item.
Mr.SHERMAN. I have no objection. I'with-
draw the motion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Aldeh's rock and Bul-
wark ledge are atthe entrance of the harbor, about
three or four-miles out. The harbor, it is well
known, is one of the finest harbors in the world;
but the entrance to the harbor, at some seasons
of, the year, is dangerous, on account of these*
ledges&nd rocks, especially at those seasons when
fogs prevail, and they^have occasioned a good
deal of difficulty. A few years ago we had a light-
vessel stationed at Alden's rock; that is, a.station-
ary vessel with a light. What kind of a vessel
it is best to put there now they do not know.
That was carried off and lost in a great storm, and
it has not been replaced. Since that period the
navigation of Portland harbor has become very
much more important than it ever was before, on
account of thefact that wehuve so many English
steamers coming there. During the. last slaaon
we had two lines of steamers there. There was
a steamer evely week, or two or three times a
,week; I do not know which. In a letter written
to me by the agentof those steamers itwasstated
that they contemplated puttingon two additional
linesof steamers next season, one from London
and the other from Liverpool. It is a fact that
the English steamers coming into the harbor dur-
ing fogs have repeatedly touched upon one or the
other of these places and incurred danger; and
during the last season, as we all know, the Bohe-
mian was lost there with a cargo worth $1,500,000.
She struck on one of these places and went to
pieces.
It becomes absolutely necessary, therefore,
with reference to navigation that something should
be done before the next season commences. What
exactly should be done cannot be ascertained until
the Light-House Board visit it and decide. They
are perfectly satisfied that something should be
done with reference to it; what that shall be they
will ascertain; and they recommend that this ap-
propriation be placed to their account in order
that it may be made when they have, as they pro-
pose to do at once, decided on the course of ac-
tion. I have no doubt it rrcoinmenda itself to
every man who has looked at it as a matter ex-
ceedingly necessary.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr, SHERMAN. I nowfinbmita motion that
the Senate lake a roccsa until seven o'clock.
Mr. POMEROY. Before that motion ia put, I
ask the unanimous consent of the Senate to intro-
duce a bill that it may be printed and referred to
a committee.
Mr. DIXON. I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, it cannot be recciveu. The question
is on the motion of the Senator frotp Ohio.
The motion was agreed to; there being, on a
division—ayes li>, noes 14; and the Senate accoid-
ingly took a recess until seven o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at seven o'clock p. m.
NOTICE OF A mth.
Mr. DAVIS gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a joint resolution to establish
peace among- the people of the United States.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
333) for a grant of lands in the Tunitories of Col-
orado, New Mexico, nml Arizona, to aid in the
construction of a railroad and tolegiaph through
said Territories; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. RIDDLE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained,leave to introduces joint resolution
(S. No. 73) to allow Senators.and Representatives
to visit torts, military prisons, and hospitals
within their respective States.
Mi. RIDDLE. If any Senator desires it, I
shall not object to the reference of this joint reso-
lution, but 1 do not think there can beany pos-
sible objection to it.
Mr. WILSON. I move its referenco to the
Committee on Military Affairs ami the Militia.
Tiie motion was agreed tot
TREATY WITH CO&OMBIA.
Mr. SUMNER submitted the following feso--
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to: ^
Resolved} That the Committee on Foreign delations be
requested to consider if any legislation be needed in order
to carry Into execution any treaty with the United States
of .Colombia; with leave to report by bill or otherwise.
' ' « W. B. MATCHETT.
The joint resolution (H. R.No. 110) to declare
the construction of a "joint resolution for the re-
lief of W. B. Matchett," approved June 20,1864,
was read twice by its title.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to put that resolution upon its
passage at once. It will take but a moment. It
is merely explanatory of a joint resolution which
was passed a few days ago.
There being no objection, the Senate,as in Com-
mittee of tlje Whole, proceeded to consider the
joint resolution. It directs that the joint reso-
lution indicated in its title shall be construed to
direct the Paymaster General of the United States
to adjust the a ©count of W. B. Matchett, chaplain
of the tenth regiment New York volunteers, and
pay him the amount of pay and allowances of a
chaplain for and during the periods that regiment
was in the service of the United States and up to
the time it was mustered out of the service, de-
ducting the amount heretofore paid him as such
chaplain.
The joint resolution was reported to tlie Setiatc
without amendment, ordered to a third reading,
read the third time, and passed.
PISNSION LAWS.
Mr. FOSTER. There is a bill reported from
the Committee on Pensions on the Calendar—
House bill No. 406—and a bill which I trust every
Senator feels an inteiest in. The committee of
this body has amended the House bill, somewhat
diminishing the amount which the bill would call
fiom the Treasury. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed U> its consideration. It will take perhaps
iive or eight minutes to read the bill. 1 do not
think it will provoke debate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not think there are
any more material amendments to the civil appro-
priation bill, and the Senator can call this bill up
afterwards.
Several Senators. Let it be passed now.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of tlm Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill (H. R. No. 406) supplementary to an act en-
titled " An act to giant pensions," approved July
14, 1862, which had boon reported from the Com-
mittee on Pensions with amendments.
The Secretary proceeded to read the bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will put the question on the amendments of the
committee as the reading is proceeded with, if
there be no objection.
The first amendment of the committee was to
strike out the fourth section, as follows:
Sec. 4. .And tie it farther enacfetl, That xretion twelve of
the act to grant pensions, appioved July 14,1862, is hereby
repealed. And the Conitmssuonei ol 1'ensions. is authorized
and empowered to detail, from tune to time, clerks in his
office to investigate suspected attempts at fraud on the
Government through the Pension Office, and to aid in pros-
ecuting any persona ho offendm:*, with such additional
compensation as is customary in eases of gp«cial service.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out all of
the fifth section after the seventh line, in the fol-
lowing words:
And in all other cases of total and absolute disability of
any non-eomniisbioned officer or puvate soldier, lesutting
from wounds icceived or disease contiactcd in the service
in the line of his duty, the pens-ion of such non-commis-
sioned officer or pnvatc soldier shall be eleven dollar* per
month, to continue during such absolute and total disability.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
ninth section, as follows:
Sec. 9. be it further evaded, That those persons,
not enlisted soldiers in the Army, who volunteered for the
time being to terve with any reguUirly organized military
or naval force of the United Smtes or w bere persons other-
wise volunteered and rendeied service in any engagement
with rebels or Indians since the 4th day ofMareh, 1861, shall,
if they have been disabled in such temporary >ervice, be
entilled to the same benefits .of the pension Jaws as those
who have been regularly mustered into the United States
service; and the widows or other dependents of any such
persons as may have been killed in the temporary service
aforesaid shaft be entitled to pensions in the same manner
as they would have been had such persons been regularly
mustered! Provided, Thot'no clann under this aeotion shall
be valid unless presented and.prosecuted to a successful
issue within three years from" and after the passage of this
act. All such claimsshall be adjudicated under such special
rules and regulations as the Commissioner of Pensions may
prescribe mOht effectually to guard against fraud.
Mr. RAMSEY. I hope the Senate will not
agree to this amendment of the committee. I
think the provision as it came from the Hfouseof
Representatives is eminently just and proper.
There seemsto be no reason why this discrimina-
tion should be made against those who are called
into the service suddenly upon an emergency
where there happen® to be no United States mus-
tering officer present to muster them into the ser- -
vice. I know that such was the case in the In-
dian war in western Minnesota, in 1862, when
the militia were called out. f know, too, that sev-
eral volunteer United States companies were there
who had enlisted in the'service, but there being no
mustering officef there at that time they were not
regularly mustered into the service.' Many of
those men were killed and manyofthemseriously
wounded. I can see no reason why this discrim-
ination should be made against those persons. I
trust, therefor©, the Senate will not consent to this
amendment.
Mr. POSTER. Mr. President, the amount of
applications to the Pension Office under this ninth
section, if it should be adopted, I apprehend no
Senatorcan really imagine. It is true, there have
been a great many cases of meritorious service
which that section would relieve, and that Con-
gress at a proper and fitting time will relieve; I
have no-doubt about that. But if we pass this
section now it will place men who simply went
out for a day, when the rebels or Indians were in
their neighborhood, and were injured, upon pre- ,
cisely the same ground as the men who enlisted
for three years-and were near the close of their
service when injured, if their applications are made
at the same time. If a man who has enlisted fo-r
three years has been injured, it will be, according
to the present condition of the office, something
near a year before his case can be reached. I
think his case should not be postponed longer than
that in order to let in those who volunteer simply
for the occasion and do not join any regularly
organized force; for this section goes much fur-
ther than the Senator perhaps on a first reading
wouldimagine. It takes in a class of persons who
may have *' volunteered and rendered service in
any engagement with rebels or Indians since the
4th day of March, 1861."
1 do not think that a man who renders service
in an engagement, for instance, helping to brigg
away a wounded man or rendering any other ser-
vice on the field, and, underthose circumstances
being injured, stands on the same ground with
those who enlist, who are mustered into the ser-
vice, and who serve year after year, and who
meet with the same or a greater or less injury. I
think there is a distinction between the cases so
far forth as this, that those who come in casually
ought not, by having their applications filed at
the same time, to postpone action upon the cases
of those who have borne the burden and heat of
the day for two or three years, and thus postpone
action in their cases until they may be dead or
hope deferred so long that it is about as bad as
death. I-think the men who have enlisted and
who have performed this long service ought to
have their cases heard first, and I appeal to the
Senator from Minnesota to consider that.
Mr. RAMSEY. I have no objection to their
cases being heard first.
Mr. FOSTER. Butthereis nomode of deciding
that question without examining the whole; and
if we adopt this section, if these applications go
in together, the Commissioner, after having ex-
amined the one case or the other, will of course
and might as well of course pass on the one as
on the other. There is an immense amount of
business now in the Pension Office; all these cases
are behind months and months, the amount of
business to be performed being so great it accu-
mulates daily in> the office; and if we pass this
sSction there will be such an accumulation of busi-
ness that these persons who, I think, are the most
meritorious, cannot have their cases heard perhaps
for eighteen months. J think- that is too hard. 1
think we c^ight first to dispose of these cases
which were provided1 for by law; for these mea
