THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 2-1,
not have been canied off if it had been built lu^h
enough, ft was built from the bottom lands, and
the bottoms overflow there at high water; and the
Government built the bridge and made it so low
that when the freshet came it lifted the bridge up
and took it oiF. I crossed on it myself before the
freshet, and crossed vciy well, i think the trains
that go from Fort Riley to New Mexico, and all
the lon^r trains that go that way, have to cross
this Government reserve. It will be ti matter of
great convenience to the Government to have a
bridge there, and it v.*iil.be particularly convenient
to our people, while it would be at the same time
convenient to the Government.
Mr. 1 AN E, of K ansas. My colleague is aware
that this is on the Government reserve, on the
fort reserve.
Mr. POMEROY. I have already stated that
it is on the fort reserve, and that is the reason
my State is not allowed to build the bridge, sim-
C because it is on the Government land. Wo
'« to that way; but we cannot build the
bridge, ah 1 have said.
Air. SHERMAN. I have no doubt we can
accommoda'e the Senators from Kansas enthely
on tins subject by authorising the State of Kan-
sas to build a bridge theie on the Government
land. 1 suppose that will ho satisfactory. It is
rather unusual for us to build bridges within the
States. I have heard of building bridges in Ter-
ritories where there were remotesettlements with
very little population, whete the Government
used ihe road; but to build a bridge within a
State it strikes me is a novel pioposition. I think
it is in violation of the Democratic platform to
make such improvements, at lea&t within the
Suites.
Mr. POMEROY. There have been a great
many petitions on this subject sent to Congress,
iiot only from the people of my State, but Jrom
the officeis of the Government.
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 think the Senators from
Kansas had bettei accept the proposition of the
Senator fiom Ohio, because if tin y wait he will
be for taxing the bud^o at least hvo pel* cent.
[Laugher ]
Me. POMEROY. The officers of the Govern-
ment have reported in favor of building this
bridge many times, and have signed petitions for
it, and i think r is very desuable to have u. If
the first bridge that the Government built had
been built ht^h enough, and as high as they nn^ht
have built it, it would lutve lemamed to thisday,
but thev built it so low thut a freshet took it otf,
Mr. LANE, of Kaunas. I do not lecolleet
now how Jar this river is from the furl, but it is
very ni^h.
Mr. POMEROY. Not a quarter of i\ mile.
Mr, LAN E, of Kansas. It is i ightat the fort.
There is no way to «;et west from the fort with-
out this bridge, and it is on Government land.
It seems t«> me if the Senator from Ohio were
successful in giving us the right to build the
bndi',0, it would be unjust for us to make the im-
provement <>u the Government land m a Govern-
ment reservation.
Mr SHERMAN. Jftny friend will allow me,
I have no doubt that in a year or two we shall
either  ive the State of Kansas this fort leseiva-
tion, or sell it at a very low puce to somebody.
That has always bienthe custom. There am
no more Indians theie, and we shall have no oc-
casion for the foi t shoj tiy. The M issouri raiders
do not get up so high as Fort Riley, and there
are no Indians there to trouble the pi ople; so that
1 have no doubt this reservation will be in Ubhort
time ceded to the S'ateorsold; and there is no
reason for the Government building a budge at
that point because the foil is there. The fort
probably has pel formed Us functions and will
cease to exist in a very short time,
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The Senator fiom
Onto the other day in a discussion said that In
upon the lakes and improvements upon the At-
lantic coast. When Senators say to me that an
improvement is necessary for the Government I
vote for it. I say here, and my colleague has
said, that this improvement is necessary for the
Government. To be sure it will be a convenience
to our people; but here are vast trains passing
westward and coming eastward that are detained
at this river, and 1 venture to say that by build-
ing this bridge the Government would save more
every year than the cost of building it.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 will ask the Senator from
Kansas if he has called the attention of the War
Depaitment to this matter, and if there is any rec-
ommendation fiom them about it. It is usual to
base such appropriations on the recommendation
of the proper executive officer.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. My colleague has
stated that the attention of the Government has
been called to this question. There are numer-
ous petitions on the subject.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Do you mean from the
Secretary of War?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. No; I mean the offi-
cers of the foit andofficeis of the Government—
quartermasters,&c.; but I donotknow that there
have been any tins session. 1 crossed this river
just before 1 came here,and saw the necessity of
this budge for the Government.
Mr. POMEROY. The probability that the
Senator ft om Ohio .speaks of, of Fort Riley being
abandoned, docs not stuke those who are ac-
quainted with the facts favorably. That the fort
at Leavenworth may be abandoned and ultimately
movedaup to Fort Riley when the cars get run-
ning there is very probable; but that Foil Riley
will be abandoned within any reasonable period
no one believes. Foit Riley is a frontier post.
Leavenworth is notafionticr postany more; and
as soon as we build a road i'rom Leavenworth
to Foit Riley, 1 have no doubt the Government
will move everything up theie, and it will become
the largest post m the West, because it is a front-
ier post and will be the great distributing point
for New Mexico and all of the Southwest, and
that will pass over this very branch of the Kan-
sas livei.
I notice that the Senator from Ohio moved that
§150,000 be paid to the State of Minnesota for ex-
penses that she had mcuned in delemhng herself,
and it passed teudily. I was very glad to have it
passed. Senators all voted for it on this very
i bill. Wo in Kansas hav<: carm-d on a war for
| years against Indian:?, against bordn ruffians, and
u^uior-t rebel", and we have ne\er yi t been able
I to i one dollar of that whole account. Year
; by year our people have1 sent in their petitions
and had them teferred to the Committee on Fi-
nance or the Committee on Milttaty Affairs, and
every one of them has been reported adversely.
We have earned on this war at the expense of
the State, at the expense of individuals, some-
times at the expense of counties; sve have some-
times issued county bonds, and we haw; sustained
ourselves. Our people to-day ate left destitute
becauwe sixteen full regiments from my State aie
taken out of the State. Most of them havegone
under General Steele in Atkansas. We ate left
there defenseless; we aie left almost destitute.
Notwithstanding the advances we have made, we
have never been able to get a dollar out of this
Government. To be sure, a bill has come here
from the Mouse of Representatives to pay the
accounts of some officers of our Indian icgiments
that have served a year or two and have not re-
ceived a cent. The bill is now lying on the table,
if that should be passed it will be the tirst of the
sei ie« of bills that we have brought for waid, evei y
one of which has failed, and no committee has
ever considered them.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to correct the mis-
appiehension into which the Senate might fall m
regaid to this Minnesota matter to which the
thought the mipiovcmcnts on Foit Leavenworth :j Senator from Kansas has alluded. Two yeais
a^o we passed a taw directing the proper account-
ing officers to adjust the expenses of the State of
M tnneNou m supptessing Indian hostilities. That
law was operative and imperative indeed upon the
Committee on Finance, and all we had to do was
to asceitain the amount allowed by the account-
ing officers and appropriate the money for it to
cairy into execution an existing law. That was
noii"y v/as appiopriated
cost the Govei anient s30,000, whereas they have
cost about thirty million dollars; and 1 supoobe
the Government husbuihlmgs and improvements
at Fort Riley to-day that have cost five or ten
mil'ion doliaia. Now, to ask the State of Kansas
to build a budge on a Government leaeivcand
within h quaiter of a mile of a foit belonging to
ihe Gow:rm.ioot.v'u i.ou> mo to be disci inu'iating
against the State that my colleague and myself 'I provided for, and the n
represent. I have v^ted hero for irnpi ovmonts i for that purpose.
I need not be told that Kansas is a very good
State, a very loyal State, a very patriotic State;
but that does not prove that we must therefore
build bridges across her streams.
Mr. POMEROY. We only ask for the Gov-
ernment to build a bridge where we are not al-
lowed even to cut a stick of timber. We are not
allowed on that Government leserve so much as
to take m tiec. We only ask the Government to
build at a small expense a bridge on a Govern-
ment reserve, within a stone's throw of a military
post. Ami, by the way, when you passed the
law last year for Minnesota, you appiopi'ated
$200,000, and the $$150,000 that you appiopnated
this year is only the balance that they incut red
over and above what you appropriated last year.
That makes §350,000.
Mr. HARLAN. The Senator from Kansas
is in error in saying that we appropi iated $200,000.
I think the language might lead the Senate astray.
The Cougi ess of the United States at the last ses-
sion authoi .zed the Department to take out of the
Indian annuities #200,000 to pay for deputations
committed by the Indians, whose annuities were
thus used in the State of Minnesota, it was not
money appropiiated fiom the Treasury of the
United States, but money taken from the Indian
annuities ami paid out for depiedations which
these same Indians had committed on the while
people of Minnesota, in pursuance of a law and
usage w hich have bet n followed tor half a century.
1 fill it due to the Congress of the United States
that this explanation should be made.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The Senator fiom
Iowa knows well that we had it in our power to
confiscate tliOM: annuities and that it would have
been but just to do so, and he knows further
that the money was taken out of the Tieasury of
the United Slates when there was no binding con-
tract to pay those Indians for many yeai s to come.
I should like to ask the Senator from Ohio
what is the difference between giving $15,000 on
the motion of his colleague a few moments ago,
for a military road in Dakota,and giving ^lO.OOO
for the consu action of a budge on a Govei nment
leserve in the State of Kansas that we say to you
h not only necessary but indispensable r
Mr. SHERMAN. I will an&wordistinctly. In
theTetri tones w e lu ve at ways built uu iitaiy roads.
: We built them in Kansas. We built this very
• I toad that he now speaks of. We built a bridge
J! acios'> the very atream that he now speaks of;
ii but it appears that it has been ^wept away by a
■ J llood. Does it the.efore follow that now, after
!i the State has been settled, and they have a State
'' organization formed and m operation, we must
keep up that biid^e merely because the Govern-
ment has some piopeity in a fort on a reservation
near by? As a matter of course 1 do not care
how much the Senator gets the Senate to allow
lunr, but I think the pnnciple is wrong. So far
as I know we have novel built bridges wulun a.
State unless the constitution of a national road
be considered an exception. If there has ever
been any case in which the Government of the
United States built a bridge across a small stream
within a State I am notaware of it, unless it was
in the construction of the national road, a work of
great national importance.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That was sustained on
the ground that it passed through a number of
the Slates.
Mr.SHERMAN. That was sustained on the
ground that it parsed through several States.
B: idges and military roads have been constructed
in the Ternloues; and when my colleague sub-
mitted the usual motion that $15,000 be appio-
pnated to build a military load in Dakota, it was
nothing moie than has been done with legard to
eveiy other Tenitoiy, and especially Kansas
when it was a Territory.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. 1 say to the Senator
| from Ohio theie has never been a foot of military
j mad built m the Territory or State of Kansas by
| the General Government—not one foot,
j Mr. SHERMAN. Was not Lander's road
j built while it was a Teiritory ?
I Mr. LANE, of Kansas. No, sir; that road
j and every other load of the sort was budt before
j the passage of the Kansas-Nebraska bill.
I Mr. SHERMAN. It was built while it was
i a Territory, but while it was called the Territory
I of Nebraska. That is tiie whole difference. The
- whole of that western country was once Ne-
