1282
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25,
would not and did not take the prescribed or any
other oath.
The Republicans had it all their own way. In
the town in which I live I did not even presume
to go down to the square where the votes were
being taken although my office was on that square.
Democrats did not approach the polls. In that
very town they voted men from Maryland; they
voted boys under age, they voted convicted felons;
and at every voting place in the State they did
pretty much as they pleased; and yet throughout
the country it was heralded as a st great Repub-
lican Union victory; Delaware has" gone by so
many thousands for the Republican party."
Mr. President, I have endeavored to lay some
proofs before the Senate of tlfe interference with
the freedom of election in my State. I have felt
it due to the people of my State, due to the cause
of justice and right, due to law and to Constitu-
tion, both State and Federal, to present these evi-
dences to the Senate and to make this statement.
I appeal, therefore, to the candor of the Senate'
whether [ have not, so far as the State of Dela-
ware is concerned, by the sworn testimony of the
witnesses, brought that case within the principle
laid down by the ruiltiaiy committee, who say:
" That elections should he fiee fiom nil violence and in-
timidation, an aviom oi'lir< <rovemment accepted by nil,
and so ( vident that it need not he deeu^-t d. Violence and
threats of violence, and all diftiirhanee, actual or threat-
ened, calculated to keep the leijal voi«*r Tioin the pulls, or
to cons-uam hi'- tree will and choice m exeu'i*ini$ his i iglil,
are plainly incompatible with the ptmcipie^ on wlueh'om
governments, whether ^tate «i Fedeul, rer-t.''
I have shown, 1 hope, that the aeis of thm Ad-
ministration, so far as my State is concerned,
have been such as lo jeopardize the fundamental
principles upon which both our State and Fed-
eral Governments rest.
t will not u'fef to mattois extraneous to the
subject now before the Senate by noticing the
presidential plan of allowing poisons to vote in
the seceded .States, and of changing their consti-
tutions to suit his purposes. In his letter to Gen-
eral Steele lie allows the people of Aikansas to
vote according to the constitution of Aikansa^as
modified by him. lie not only interferes with
the exercise of the rights of legal voters m the
adhering States, and t he due execution of the laws
of a State peaceably and quietly suileiing under
his rule and praying most fervently that the day
may com*- when they may In; relieved by the elec-
tion of a Demociat who will icgaid their consti-
tutional rights, or, if that ho not possible, even
by some honest Republican who could li!l the
presidential chair with more cicdit to himself and
more useluln< ss to the eouutty than the present
incumbent, hut he says to Geneial Shelf, "an
election may be In Id in Aikansax under the con-
stitution of Arkansas modified as ai'oi esaid"—thai
is,thatalaveiy shall not exiM theie—" ifthe \oteis
take the oath acceding to my proclamation of
the 8th of Decornbci that is, to wuppoit all his
proclamations. Alightv man' Upon what meat
has this our modem Ciesarfi d that he hasgrown
SO great?
Sir, in this military interference with the fioe-
dom of elections in the States, Mi. Lincoln is but.
following in the footsteps of Cresai. Tyrants or
would-be tyrants always act accoiding to the 1
same jule. I call your attention, sir,to the parai- j
lei ailorch d by history between the conduct of j
C;&n\v and the pit scnt'Cxeeutivo. AbmhumLm- j
coin is not the nu;t nrm m the world t hat has sent ■
soldiers to control elections', ulthough ho is no i
better Uian those who preceded lum m the some j
wotk in my judgment. I quote from Plutarch's j
Lafe of Pompey. Speaking of the appearance of i
Cajsar on a certain occasion, and the persons who !
approached him to pay attention to him, he says: I
-v {n.MJimiefj, when he pa-M-d back :i«ani over the !
Alp-, -oul t >ol< np htr> u tniei ijn.i111 i-, in Ui«- ni\ ot Luca, j
Tii* rc ll:j'' kt d to h tin ftp 111 [i n n e mini lie i of men and wop if* n
fetiiMna v\lio should j;«;t nr-l t" hnn. tun hundred senators ■
iiK luded, amnnv u ilum ^|\i(npcy ami fia- -lis ; .M> that '
IlK-ie wen* IO bo MVH at oil''" bfUu!*"< 'a«-ai dou> no i,
than •• i\ fco'u iods ot proeon-uf- and puctop-, The re^ of !
hi- u-ldt'^-er.s he-enf at! away i'liil tratudst with hope? and
111'1 iu \ ; i'Ut With I'lii'Mb ,tiid I'dinp'V tie eni'-rcd into
aim le. ol a-iec uku! ili.it tii"j "sii-/nh! stand e.m 1
did lit -tor tie- eont-uMup ne\t \e u ; U:aU'j-<;u on hti part
>ho>:fd a iiu)imc< otim> .ddi'Ms tu <;ivo uieir vote^ at 1
the lieetion."
Here mn Ptesiuent's example. Was not
C'X^ai gi'.a/.; Had m<r Ooi-s.u a powerful aimy? 1
May not tlie piesent Executive of the Umud ;
States be great and have a powerful army ; Did !
Ccesar regard the freedom of elections? Whethei
the President has ever read Plutarch or not 1 do
not know. It seems he has read Shakspeare,
and given as his opinion that the finest passage
in Shakspeare is:
" O, my offense is rank, it smells to heaven."
Well might he say it, for a ranker offense by
any man intrusted with the rule over a people
never existed than was the offense committed by
the President of the United States, which rises to
heaven in its stench and calls for vengeance. God
is just, and that vengeance will follow. But to
continue:
"That as soon as they were elected they should use their
interest to have the command ol some piovnioc- and icy ions
aligned to themselves, and that OVtu should have hi -< pres
cot charge continued to him for five jean? uioic."
Observe the similarity, except that the President
does not ask anybody to send soldiers to the polls,
but sends them himself, that his command o\ tr this
people may be continued for four years mote; and
he finds willing instruments in your Schencks and
your But oxides. Let the people of this once proud
country take warning m time There is meaning
in all this; there is.a fixed purpose m all this, and
it is my honest judgment that if it is submitted to
and goes uniebukod,and the people of this coun-
try by their votes—for I make no appeal to force
—allow this present Executive to be reelected with
the vast army that he will have(at his command,
he will defy the American voters four years after-
wards and declare himself permanently in power.
If he does not, he will be a most extraordinary
man indeed.
Sir, I do not wish to obtrude into the differ-
ences existing in the Republican paity, but not-
withstanding the unheal opinions attributed to
Air. Chase, 1 would, if I were a member of that
party, mfiniti ly prefer him, and wuppoi t him, in
preference to the present Kxecutive of the United
States, because it nevi r entered mto mv (maijinn-
tion to conceive that any man, intrusted wilh the
hii,rh ollice of the Piesidciit of the United Stale.-,
eouid be guilty of the acts which the piesent Ex-
ecutive has been guilty of; ami if any man can
be guilty of worse, I am willing to run the risk.
hut, sir, there is some more icfivshing reading
in this parallel between the piesent Kxecutive and
C.esar :
"When ihe-c annnyement ; cimi" to !>e «*on« rally known,
L'UMt indijin.Uion u a^ < \cilcd anion:; the chief men hi
Koine; ami Mai eel hnn--, in an open a—eniblj of the people,
demanded ol them boili whether t!ic\ doi^i.ed to Mie |or
th«'t on-ill -hip "i no And hcitii,' utyi d h\ the pr opte lor
then ate-'uei, Pompe*, 'puke iu-t, and told them p.'ihaps
he u ouhi lie loi it. pcih.ip-. he Would tint.1'
Th" at i amo'tneiit was ail made. If any one
hhouid go to the White I lonse now, and ask the
piesent I'.xecutive whether lie would stand again,
pei haps that would be vei y much like the answer
lie would give, " Pei haps he would, peihaps he
would not." I do not know, however. What-
ever his answei might bo, his violated pledges to
the country in the past affords ample proof that
no confidence could be reposed in it from the fact
that it was his answer.
Cm-mi-, wa-i more tempeiate, and «;{ud that he would
do what >honld lie judged mo-l a ie  able with the mieie.^i
I'l'ilie, roiumonwealth ; and when Maieeltmus pi'i.-i^ted in
hh nitre k on l'oinpey. <uid ^.pokc, a^ n u «is thought, w n!i
some vchenietiee. i'oinpev lemai ked that iMauvlhniH was
eeiiamlv the unt;ure-.t of tnen to -how him no platitude lor
ha\ imr thn-i matle him an oiator out of a mute, and con-
vened hnn tiom a hun'jiy -taiveluur into a man  o lull-led
that he eouhl not contain [mn<cll.''
Let not Mr. Chase attack Mr. Lincoln too ve-
hemently, or the latter, in the spirit of a Pompey,
may regard him as a Msteelhnus.
Murk you now:
Mot-L ot the < amlnl.Ue?, nevei thele^s, ahandonctl thoir
canvass foi tiie conhuMnp.'"
Wiiy? They knew the arrangement entered
into between (Jiesar, Crassus, and Pompey:
'•Mo-l of the candidate-;, ncveitheie-^, aband< iieu their !
canv.i-^ toi the coti-ul>!'ip ; C'ato alone pei-uaded and en !
coinasred SaH'iu-! {)oiniiiu-- ie>t to de-i^t, * mih ^a-d he, i,
• tht  ("jno'st now i' mu foi otlice, hut foi hheity a^ani-i n
ijifintss and u^mpets.1 ^ ji
So we say at the present time, and you chaise
tliat we are disloyal and are not true to our conn- :
try. Your chief is following the example oi I
Ca'sur, and you encourage htm in it. We uiHUtu ,
Cato in piotcstmg against this combination to i
S(U>vxrt liberty by military force. You me 11 :
patnots, we are all disloyal ! There waaaPhari- h
see, we arc told, who once went up to pray, and /
he thanked God that lie was not as other men,''
a#nd especially as this poor publican. That is the
way with the self-righteous Republicans of the
present time; they thank God that they are not
as these disloyal Democrats; and many of them
have good reason, because they are living upon
the crumbs that fall from their master's table. I
expect thatamong the Democrats there are some
honest men who can sincerely thank God that
they are not even like them. But let me continue
with the history:
" Therefore, those of Pompey':? party, fVartngthh inflex-
ible constancy in Cato, by which he kppt with hnn the
whole senate, lest by thii he should likewise pcrveit and
draw after hnn all the well-affected partof the commonalty,
resolved to withstand Domitiu?" at once and to pievent lus
entrance into the foi urn. To thn end,thereioip, thin -cut
in a hand of armed men who ^iew the torchbearer of Do-
milius as he wa«. leading the way before him, and put all
the re^t to fiuiht; ia^t of all, Cato himself I'Mircd, having
iccoivol a wonii'l in hi<  i<^hf arm while detoiuluiL' I)ntni-
lius. Thu< by the<c mean- and pr.vuce-- they obtained l4ie
coi^ul-hip. Neithoi did they behave tlicm-eivej. wall more
decency in their turther pioecedins^ ; hut in the tiift place,
when the people were choosing" Cato puelor, and just
loady with tlieir votes for the poll, Pompey bioke uj)'the
a<^etnb)y upon a pretext of borne inauspicious npjjear-
anco,"—
There was an " inauspicious" interference in
the State of Delaware. An election had lately
boon held; and the next election must be broken
up or made a farce of, and the military must be
sent by this second Caesar to contiol it.
"And having gamed the tubes by money"-—
There were plenty of "greenbacks" in the
State of Delaware on the day of election—
*• And having named the tubes by money, they publicly
proclaimed Vatiniu^ pnetor. Then, m puisuance ol their
(.ovt nanN with (-V-ar, they introduced seveial laws by
'Piehoniiii-, the tulmne, continuing CsesaiV commission to
another live year*.' chaise ot Iu- piovmce ; to t>a-s>U'- there
wen- ,ij>))omfed Syria, ;md the Parthian wai ; and to Pom-
pey bun-ell all Airie.i, toycihei with both Spains, and tour
legions ol ••oldiei-, twoot winch" he lent to (,';e?ar, upon his
leque-r, foi the wai- in Gaul."
Mr. Piesident, I invite the attention of the sober-
minded, honest, reflecting utters of this country
to this parallel between Caesar and the present
Executive. Continue this military power, this
in expansible power with the Pu-sident, allow linn
to do as he pleases, and not only will he do as
Cajsar did, subvcit forever the liberties of his
countrymen, but he will remember the example
ofCaiusOctavianus,afterwaidssurnamed Augus-
tus, who, with his pneforian bands of only fifteen
thousand men, despotically governed all Rome,
which prrctnrian bandsafterwardsput upthe Gov-
ei nment of Rome at jmblic auction and sold it for
a ptice. Such, I say to my countrymen, may yet
he the fate of what was once the* free Republic
and the great Republic of the United States of
America.
Hut, sir, why do I make this appeal in behalf
of liberty > "Why do I make this appeal in behalf
of the rights of the people of my State ? "Why do
1 make this appeal, not only in behalf of all the
living of the present day, but of all the genera-
tions that shall come up in the futute? Upon its
success may depend the future destiny of millions
who with longing eyes are looking from distant
lands ior an asylum ftom oppression here. I
may be answered as were certain people on a for-
mer occasion who appealed to power for the pres-
ervation of their cluutercd rights. The appeal
may be but mocked. I have ho hope, even, that
it can bo successful, because m other days when
chru-teied lights were appealed to in behalf of hb-
erty, power gave its answer, which power may
give and will give now. The appeal is made to
those who control the military operations of the
Government, to the President and his Cabinet,
i. hey will not listen, but they will answer the ap-
peal as Pompey answered the Matnei tints. I re-
fer to the same authority:
"About im; time new* came to S\ II i that Ferpenna was
lot t it_\ In'4 iune'<'it in rfi'.-ily, th.jt tho li-land wa-5 now become
aietuao and leecptacle lortheielies ol the advene paitv,
that Caibo wi- Iioveuiiir about tho^-e -eats with a nav\,
thai Dojintius had fallen in upnu Afriea, arid that man) ot'
tht1 < \ iled men oi note wh,> had escaped iiom iht p/o-m
nons w-.ie daily floekuifr u.to tlioso pnit?. Agam.-t ihe.-'e,
tlurcloie, Potup'y s< lit with a lar^e fo'iee; and no
-v oik r \\ ,i« be arrived in Sicily but Pcipi una immediate))
deputed, having the whole itl ii'd to lum. i'f/inpey i e-
cei\, d the d.sO^-cd cir;e^ mto lavoi, and m -uod ail n'ltJi
m«-:u hiuiiaiu;\, exc< pt the jUami-iums m Mc--ana; lor
"u i'e v pt< '^-;ed naaiiistliK coiut and jun-dietoni. ;d-
ieutii*,' t In ir pu \ ilei'.' and exeijipt.oii lounded upxii an an-
nit . Oi iir.i!:t ot t!ie Romans, he lephed ^haipl-,
Vv ti.it ! u'lii jt-u in1,, r riM-c jiiainiu ot'laws io us thai
have r-woiiLs by om -idesr''5
Sir, such a response wiil this appeal receive
