2258
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 12,
and that every citizen of the United States might
elect what route or line he would himself travel
or cause his merchandise to be transported on ?
Would not such a provision be plainly constitu-
tional? I do not ask is it expedient, but is itcon-
sUtutional ? It is a regulation of commerce between
the States, and nothingelse. Apply the same gen-
eral rule to a specific case, and you have thecase
in hand.
A power in Congress to regulate commerce and
a power in a State to obstruct it or to drive it
into a given channel are wholly incompatible.
They cannot possibly both exist; and Congress
cannot regulate without the right to remove ob-
structions or to abolish unwise regulations made
by States. A grant by New Jersey of an exclu-
sive right of transportation from New York to
Pennsylvania acro s its territory; with a tax to
New'Jersey annexed, is an obstruction to com-
merce between the States, and calls for the inter-
ference of Congress by exercising the power to
regulate commerce between the States. If Con-
gress has no power to interfere in such a case,
then it is palpable that any State may prohibit
commerce across her territory between States.
And in what a condition that would put this na-
tion ! The right to grant an exclusive transporta-
tion line implies the right to make a prohibition.
If she may tax passengers a few cents she may
tax them ten dollars. If she may make a given
line exclusive she may grant it power or com-
mand it to charge enormous or even prohibitory
rates, or she may take and own the railway her-
self and run it on that idea or refuse to run it at
all. The position is full of absurdities. The
clause of the Constitution must have been in-
tended to cover just such a case. If it does not
it is worthless. The resistance made by the Cam-
don and Amboy monopoly proves that there is
an obstruction to commerce, a tax upon it, a dis-
crimination in their favor by which they are ben-
efited. The very resistance they make proves
tin; need of interference. They are entitled to all
the money they can make as common carriers in
fair competition with others. To the extent the
public i.s iiijmed for their benefit the injury ought
i<  be removed and the benefit denied. Monopo-
lies are odious; they are contrary to the spintof
our Government; they are contrary to the spirit
of the age; they are luinous to commerce, which
is the wealth of nations; and they are an offense
to that great democratic idea which is conquer-
ing the world in its ever-aggressive warfare on
prerogative and its traditions, " The world is gov-
erned too much." Let the bill be passed.
Mi. BROWN", of Wisconsin. At an early
period <>f this .session I mtioduced a bill for the
purpo.se of establishing a through route from New
York io Washington. I did so under the bciief
that the necessities of the public required that such
a through route should be established by Con-
gress. In listening to the various arguments that
have been made upon the bill now before the
House I have not found in any one of them pre-
cisely the same view of the whole matter which
I myself take.
Hefoie discussing the legal points involyed, I
will simply premise that as I understand it the
passage of the bill now before the House is ut-
terly inconsistent with theideaofhavmga through
route. In other words, that it would be necessary
to have all the profit of the road from New York
to Philadelphia to complete the road from Phila-
delphia to Washington; so that the present prop-
osition is therefore in fact an abandonment of the
idea of a through route.
That Congress has the power to create new
post and military roads between any two points
1 have no doubt. That it can create a new post
route between Washington and New York is m
terms covered by the language of the Constitu-
tion, section eight. But a proposition like the
one now before us, to change the local institutions
of a State, is an entirely different matter. Where
there is concurrent jurisdiction between the Uni-
ted States and State governments, wherever the
United Status has power to legislate upon the
same subject in reference to which the State Le-
gislatuie can enact laws, there each acts independ-
ently of the other, The Supreme Court of the
United States, for the purpose of avoiding any
possible conflict in matters of concurrent juris-
diction between the U lined States and State courts,
have gone ro far as to hold that when property
claimed by individuals is seized by State officers the
United States courts cannot interfere with it; and
wherever property is seized by a United States
officer, there no State can institute a process in-
terfering with it. This is necessary for the pur-
pose of avoiding collision where there are ques-
tions of concurrent jurisdiction. Allow me to
illustrate this principle by an example: if the State
of New Jersey has passed a law for the purpose
of punishing counterfeiting, over which it has
concurrent jurisdiction with the United States,
Congress cannot amend that law, Congress can-
not pass an act changing its character; but Con-
gress can pass an original act prescribing what
shall be the penalty under its authority.
Questions of this nature depend upon the same
principle. The Legislature of New Jersey had a
right to incorporate a railroad company. It had a
right to prescribe the terms upon which alone it
would grant a charter. Such charter is an exercise
of the sovereign power of the State. The railroad
company became in part a political agent of the
State, possessing and exercising a part of its sov-
ereign power. Such companies have usually
authority to seize the property of persons who
refuse voluntarily to convey it. They are not
political agents of a State to the same extent as a
county or a city may be, but they arc political
agents of the State of the same character and na-
ture. Therefore it follows that unless Congress
can change the powers conveyed by the Legisla-
ture of the State of New Jersey upon a county or
a city, it cannot change the charter of a railroad
company. It may create a new company, but it
cannot disturb or pervert the relation which a local
institution bears to the State which creates it. A
railroad company is an artificial being, the law
of whose existence is its charter. Its power to
contract, to hold or sell property, and for all
other purposes, is absolutely dependent upon and
measured by its charter. The Legislature of
New Jersey create by act the Raritan company,
prescribing its sphere of action, its duties and
powers, and Congress cannot change that charter
by enlarging or restraining the duties and powers
of the company, because Congresscanuot dircctly
amend or change a State law.
Again, it has been decided by the United States
Supreme Court that a charter constitutes a con-
tract between the State and thecompany. Itcon-
stitutes an agreement by which the State on the
one side confers certain franchises, and the com-
pany as a consideration undertakes to perform
certain duties which the Legislature imposes on
it. Can Congress change that contract? By this
contract the State undertook to give to the com-
pany the right of carrying passengers for local
purposes, it lequired that the whole capital of
the company should be invested m that particular
business. That was a question of policy with
New Jersey. The company accepted the charter
on those terms. They became bound that no
portion of the capital should be diverted from the
object for which the charter was granted—that
none should be diverted to general unfile or car-
rying through passengers. Has Congress the
power to change that contract as between the
State and its creature ? lias it the power to say
that we can release the company from a single
condition of that charter or duty assumed toward
the State which created it? Thatisan important
question.
It arises not only in the case now before the
House, but arises in another bill by wflucli this
House undertakes to sweep away State institu-
tions and State rights; in a bill by which we do-
nate $35,00C),UU0 per annum of the people's money
to overgrown capitalists—I mean the bank bill,
by which you endeavor to release the State banks
from their contracts with the several States. You
tell the banks of Wisconsin which have received
privileges under the law of the State and con-
tracted to pay a certain stipulated tax, that they
may enjoy their privileges and escape the tax.
You tell the banks of New York that by bad faith
they may escape the liability they have assumed
toward the State, and protect themselves against
honest responsibilities under an act of Congress.
But looking to this broad charter of constitutional
law, I insist that this invention is as weak asitis
wicked. Neither the Bank of Commerce or any
other State bank can cease to be a State institu-
tion hahle to State authority, except in the man-
ner prescribed by Statu laws, if you will allow
me so far to pass out of the record, I would sug-
gest that the greed of those banks and moneyed
men, who have abused the confidence of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury for the last three years,
who have through their influence over him kept
the pi ice of greenbacks fluctuating, now sending
the gold market up, and now, as their specula-
tions require, forcing it down, is in their banking
scheme overreaching themselves. Not content
with purchasing bonds with greenbacks, worth
about fifty-seven cents on the dollar as compared
with gold, and receive what in greenbacks would
be equivalent to over ten per cent, as interest,
they wish Government to transfer to them .the
right to issue currency, and pay them by selling
bonds to them; ten per cent, for the use of paper
whose sole value is founded upon Government
credit. They persuade our worthy Secretary of
the Treasury, who requires a "revenue of $350,-
000,000 per annum, that he ought to make war
upon the State currency, bankrupt the unfortunate
people who hold it, limit the whole circulation of
the country to $350,000,000, give them the sole
right of issuing it, and then Government will
have all the money it wants without difficulty,
and the people be able to pay the increased taxes.
I would suggest W these worthy gentlemen who
claim to monopolize the whole moneyed powerand
property of the country that in this war both
against the people and common honesty, which
they are inaugurating, they may come out the
losers, and in the fierce passions engendered by
such a struggle to get rid of a foul monopoly,
they may endanger the principal as well as the
mere winnings of a corrupt legislation. They
are not playing a safe game.
But apologizing for this digression on the ground
that on the passage of-thebank bill all debate was
cut off by the previous question, and one can hardly
resist the temptation of saying something by the
way of warning, when he has the power, I return
to tha legal proposition before us. That propo-
sition is as to the right of Congress partially to
abrogate a contract between a State and a com-
pany, leaving the company in possession of nil
the franchises and rights derived from the State,
but relieving it of all its corresponding duties and
obligations.
It isa most important principle, striking at the
very existence of State constitutions, striking at
the very existence of all contracts; ay, striking
at the decisions which the courts of the United
States have followed from the time of the Dart-
mouth College case down to the present time.
There can be no such thing as a contract without
two parties. There is-consideration on the one
side and an agreement on the other, and any
course of legislation or decisions which bind the
one side to its contract and deprive the other of
the benefits which it was to receive from it,is a
violation of one of the plainest principles of jus-
tice.
I say then, so far as any institution of New
Jersey is concerned, leceivmgfranchises,, seizing
pioperty, turning citizens out of their homesteads,
depriving them of their property by virtue of the
right which they receive from State authority,
and so far as we seek to enable such parties hold-
ing such rights to come i n and get rid of the ob-
ligations which they assumed we are sanctioning
a gross violation not only of contracts in the ab-
stract, but of that common honesty which every
man should seek to uphold.
Therefore it is that I insist that although you
have not the rightto amend aState law, although
you have not a right to come in here and change
a relation which a mere municipal institution of
a State bears to the State thatcreatedit, although
you have not a right to come in-here and release
two paities*to a contract from the obligations
which that contract imposes upon them respect-
ively, Congress has the right as an original prop-
osition to charter a road, to create a new post
road from New York to Washington. It will be
perceived that the relations between New Jersey
and the Camden and Amboy road do not affect
the argument which 1 advance. New Jersey in
her legislation is bound by that charter. Con-
gress cannot relieve her from its obligations. But
while Congress cannot intervene between the
parties to that charter, it can in the exercise of its
original power create a new company, leaving
New Jersey and her corporations to arrange their
own contracts and rights.
