1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
237
the votes as they stood upon that day. No vote
coming in after that day can they, by any provi-
sion of law, take notice of. The question is
whether we have any evidence that, according to
the provision of law in Dakota, this man Jayne
had a majority of the votes. The law makes it'
the duty of the secretary, then acting Governor,
to declare the result, and this is what he says:
I, John Hutchinson, secretary and acting Governor of
the Territory of Dakota, do hereby proclaim that at a gen-
eral election "
Mr. SMITH, (interrupting.) I desire to ask
the chairman of the committee a question: whether
the law of the Territory of Dakota is that the
canvassers shall act upon that paiticular day, or
shall proceed to canvass on that day?
Mr. DAWES. The law says:
<k Tt shall bo tin* duty of the secretary of the Territory,
with the chief justice"—
I leave out the Governor—
"or a majority of them, to proceed within fifty days after
the election, and sooner if the returns be received"—
But it shall be their duty at any rate within fifty
days after the election—
"to canvass the votes given for Delegates to Congress,and
other territorial officers.."
Mr. SMITH. I would ask the gentleman
whether by that language these commissioners are
requiied to close the canvass within fifty days, or
if it is not their privilege to go on until the can-
vass incompleted?
Mr. DAWES. I take it that if it is their duty to
proceed within fifty days it is their duty to pro-
ceed upon the canvass as it stood upon the fiftieth
day; that fifty days are given for returns to be
made; and that returns made after the expiration
,of the fifty days are out of time; and that whether
those returns shall be counted or not here before
the ultimate tribunal, is a question upon the mer-
its of which the Iloiibe must decide, as also upon
the character of the returns themselves. Rut the
officers of the Territory had no other duty to
perform hut to canvass the votes returned within
the fifty days. There can be no question about
that. And then it is made the duty of the acting
Governor to proclaim the result. The language
of the law is, " and shall also issue a proclamation
declaring the election of such peison."
Mr. SMITH. Suppose there had been a dis-
turbance at the capital of Dakota at the time the
commissioners ought to have been in session to
canvass the votes, to such an extent that they
could not meet on that day, and no returns had
come in m consequence of the disturbance; could
they not at a subsequent period have proceeded
to determine the election?
Mr. DAWES. No doubt if there had been a
disturbance at the capital of the Territory, so that
the canvassing officers could not discharge their
duty, neither of these paities would have been
here with evidence of their action on that day,
and they must have made out the best case they
could before the committee and the House; but as
there was no disturbance at the capital, or in the
Territory, and there being no evidence and no
pretense that theie was such disturbance, it is
entirely a matter of suggestion on the part of my
friend fiom Kentucky, and it is hardly within the
province of the Committee ofEiections or of the
Hous'1 to speculate on what would have been the
condition of things had thcie been such disturb-
ance in the Territory that the officers could not
do their duty. Fortunately for this case the of-
ficers did clo their duty and had no obstacle or
disturbance in the way of their doing it fuliv.
Mr. SMITH. Then, if it is true in regard to
the capital or to the v. holt1 Territory, I would ask
the gentleman if the rule does not apply to the
district of Pembina, where there were such dis-
turbances that the vote could not be sent in in
time?
Mr. DAWES. I shall have a word to say upon
that subject if my friend does not use up my hour. *
I have read the law of the Territory, and it is the
same as the organic law, which provides that the
acting Governor shall proclaim who has been
elected after these canvassers shall have mot on
the fiftieth day and examined the votes. And in
this case the acting Governor says:
John Hutchinson, secretary and acting Governor of
the Temtoiy o: Dakota, do hereby proclaim that at a gen-
eral election held on tin: l.^td.iy of eteptembei, 186-,in said
Temtory, William Javne i cowed a majority of the vot^s
cast for Delegate to Concrete, and was therefore duly elect-
ed Delegate to the Thirty-Eighth Congress of the United
Stateb."
He proclaims that fact, and he proclaims it in
obedience to law. It was his duty to proclaim
it. What for? That he whom it concerned might
take notice of the fact.
Now, the contestant (Mr. Todd) says that that
does not constitute t*he fact that lie was elected,
but he says that it is evidence of the fact. I ad-
mit that it does not constitute the fact, but those
men were appointed to ascertain a prima fac'u title
and to certify the fact; but the contestant says
that the certificate is the fact itself; that is to say,
; that if he held the certificate that would be con-
clusive upon us. Neither the one nor the other
makes the fact.
Mr. STEELE, of New York. I would ask the
gentleman from Massachusetts if the committee
found it necessary to go into evidence of the fact
why they did not go into all the evidence, and
give us the case on the merits.
Mr. DAWES. For the plain reason that the
House referred these certificates to the Commit-
tee of Elections to pass upon this very point.
They propose at some future day to enter into
the merits and to sift these Pembina returns to
the satisfaction, I trust, of both these contestants
and of the House.
Mr. FARE SWORTH. I wish to ask the gen-
tleman from Massachusettsa question for inform-
ation. If 1 understand the gentleman correctly,
he holds that the law would lequire the board of
canvasseis to proceed to can vass the totes within
the fifty days. Now, suppose that but one pre-
cinct in the Territory should have made its return
within the fifty days, would it be the duty (if the
boaid of canvassers to canvass the vote of that
precinct and declatc an election, and would the
person thus declared to be elected be entitled to a
seat here although after the fifty days had ex-
pired the balance of the Territory may have sent
m returns which may be on file in the office of
the secietary of the Territory and which would
change the sesult of the election?
jVlr. DAWES. Certainly, Mr. Speaker, no
man would be entitled to a seat here on any such
state of facts as that. I imghtsuggesttomyfriend
a supposable case m his own distnct which would
have just as much foundation in fact as that winch
he suggests in regatd to this case. But there is
no such case here. I take it that it is the duty of
the Committee of Elections, when they enter on
the examination of the merits of the case, to find
out which of these parties received a majority of
all the legal votes cast, and to see to it, so far as
that committee is able, that the House g've to
that man, and to none other, the seat. But the
question is now which of them is entitled tea
seat until the final action of the House on the
merits of the ease.
Mr FAUNS WORTH. The gentleman from
Massachusetts misunderstood my question. The
point 1 want to get at is this: whether, if all the
precincts but one had sent m their returns, or if
only one out of all had sent in its return, that
would change the principle of the case.
Mi. DA WES. Mr. Speaker, I will be obliged
to husband the rest of my time; but i think 1
have answered the gentleman. If he calls upon
the canvassers of the Temtory to peifoun their
duty, he must look to the laws of the Territory
and see what that duty is. If the duty imposed
upon them is to canvass such votes as are \ eturned
within fifty days, they have dischaiged their duty
when they lm\e canvassed such votes.
I was asking the House to listen to what the
acting Governor, John Hutchinson, in obedience
to the law, lias proclaimed to all the w oihl—that all
the world may take notice thereof—that William
Jayne had a majority of the \otes cast, and was
duly electcd. He docs not state how much the
majority was, nor is he required by law to do so.
But he is required by law to declare by procla-
mation which of the parties is elected,and he has
so declared. Now, suppose there was no certifi-
cate beyond that. The gentleman contestant is ,
very much offended m his sense of propriety be- .
cause the Governor afterwaids made out a cer- |
tifieate of the fact to himself. He says tic could
not do it. Well, even if he could not, what would 1
be the state of the case r Heie would be the legal !
official proclamation of the fact under the hand i
of the acting Governor and with the seal of the
Territory; and that, he says, is evidence of the
fact. Now, can he deprive William Jayne of the
benefit of that position? Suppose nobody had.
given him a certificate. This proclamation is
precisely that evidence which the members from
Maryland brought here at the commencement of
the session, and which, by a large yote, the House
declared sufficient to entitle them to take their
seats as members. It was a proclamation of the
Governor of Maryland, and nothing more, that
these five men had received a majority of the
votes,and were dulyelected. The only tale they
have to their seats here is exactly such a procla-
mation as John Hutchinson made to all the world
that Mr. William Jayne was elected.
Mr. TODD, (contestant.) I ask the chairman
of the Committee of Elections to have the good-
ness to state the words of the law. The law says
that the certificate shall be made by the Governor,
and also a proclamation of the fact. Hence the
proclamation itself is not the evidence in the case.
The certificate is made the evidence; and the proc-
lamation follows. By all fair and just construc-
tion no other import can be given to the law.
Mr. DAWES. I was supposing, Mr. Speaker,
that the acting Governor, or anybody having
authority to give a certificate, should refuse to do
so; and then I said that the gentleman, Mr. Jayne,
would be here precisely as the Representatives
from Maryland are here, and whose merits were
presented to the House by a proclamation read
at the Clerk's desk. Itis precisely that case; not
a particle of difference. Now, without any cer-
tificate, it would be perfect; but does a poor cer-
tificate hurt it? Does a certificate which nobody
ought to hate given hurt it? Certainly not. The
law says the Governor shall give a certificate. The
law alsosays that nobody else shall give it. The
law made William Jayne Governor when he got
back to the Temtory. Who else could give the
certificate but William Jayne? Thecontestantsays
it is a casus omissus—that there is no provision of
law for anybody to give a certificate. 1 take that
to bo the case. Then he is here with everything
the law requires of him. He is here with the
proclamation of the acting Governor, given while
William Jayne was out of the Territory. And
when William Jayne came back into the Terri-
tory nobody but himself could give a certificate.
He therefoie comes here wuh all that the law re-
quires of him and all that the law could give him.
William Jayne performed nothing but ministerial
duty in giving the certificate. He did not pass
upon the returns. He did not pass upon the num-
ber of votes. Pie certified merely what others
had canvassed.
Is it the first time that a man has certified to
what others have done touching his own case?
Does not the register certify to the record of his
own deed? Cannot a president of a corporation
give himself certificates of stock in his corporation
when the law requires the piesident to sign the
certificates of stock ? When there is a ministerial
duty to be performed hy a man there is no im-
propriety in his performing it, whether it refers
to himseifor to anybody else. There was nothing
pertaining to this canvass in the Territory in
which Mr. Jayne interfered, but, as the Governor
of the Terntory, it was conceded by the contest-
ant and everybody else he was the sole person
who could give this certificate. If thatceitificate
is required the law is fulfilled, and if it is not re-
quired the law is fulfilled.
What came after this ? Who certified that there
are any other votes but those which have been
passed u pon ? The law required the can vnsseis to
do this, but the canvassers have never done it. John
Hutchinson assumes to tell J. B. S. Todd that there
were votes there, but John Hutchinson was not
authoiized to say that by the law. It is true that
the board of canvassers havenever attempted to
canvass those votes ictuined afterwards. So that
there is no evidence, not a particle of evidence ac-
cording to the requirements of law that we can
take notice of, that there is a single vote from
Pembina.
Mr. GANSON. I ask whether it was notcon-
ceded by both sides that those votes were returned.
Mr. 1)AWES. I understand my friend part
of the time to argue this according to the provis-
ion of law, and 1 will not say that the rest of the
time he travels out of it. I submit that there is riot,
