1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
'3235
braska, and Lander's road, as it was called, and
several other military roads were built while it
was in tbar condition. Kansas was the new name
given to this portion of the Territory in the Kan-
sas-Nebraska bill.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. There was no terri-
torial government for the Territory now the State
of Kansas until the passage of the Kansas-Ne-
braska bill. It was Indian country. There was
no territorial government there. There were no
white men there at that time to be benefited by
the construction of that road. But here is a re-
serve belonging to the Government that we are
prohibited from going upon, the value of which
is to be increased by the erection of this bridge.
The Committee of Ways and Means of the House
of Representatives two years ago reported that
this Government owed Kansas $600,000, but, as
my colleague has said, we have not received a
dollar for the losses that we suffend during our
territorial existence when v/e were contending
against the Government of the United States.
Sir, Kansas had hoped that when the Republican
party came into power she would be treated as a
kind mother treats her child. So far we have re-
ceived land grants, railroad grants, but when we
come here and say to you that this small appro-
priation is for the benefit of the Government, we
think you should give it to us, especially when
we are voting appropriations fill around us.
The amendment was rejected; there being, on a
division—ayes eight, noes not counted.
Mr. SUMNER, i offer the following amend-
ment to come in as a new section:
*And he it Jurther enacted, That sections eight and nin<'
of the act entitled *'An act to piohibit tlx* importation of
slavos into an) port or place within the jurisdiction of the
tfmted States from and after the 1st day of January, in the
•♦year of our Loid J8U8," which said sections undertake to
regulate the coastwise slave trade, are hereby repealed.
Mr. SHERMAN. I would not oppose the
amendment of the Senator from Massachusetts
on an ordinary hill. I have read the two sec-
tions referred to in tins amendment,and I feel dis-
posed to repeal them; but I ask the Senate if it
is pioper to incumber this bill with a matter that
is in no way connected with the appropriations
in the bill, which is in no way connected with
any item contained in the bill, which has no per-
tinence to any existing appropriation—a matter
simply of commercial regulation, regulating the
coastwise slave trade? Is it wise, i repeat, to in-
cumber an appropriation bill at this stage of the
session with a controverted point of this kind,
which has no connection with the business before
the Senate, no connection with any appropriation,
which does not come fromany committee ? How-
ever, as it dot s not contain an appropriation it is
not subject to the rule on that point, but it is sub-
ject to the discretion of the Senate. I trust, there-
fore, that the Senate will keep this hill free from
these deputed, extiaueous, political questions.
Mr. SUMNER. I am soiry tliat the Senator
from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] objects to this propo-
sition on the present occasion. It is true, his ob-
jection is one of form; hut no such objection should
be made to such a pioposition, especially at this
stage of the session.
In moving it now on an appropriation bill, I
follow approved precedents. There is no rule of
order against it; nor is there any i ale of usage.
On the contrary, it is m conformity with otder
and with usage.
The Senator wishes to keep the appropi iation
bill free from extraneous matter. But this is not
a sufficient reason for excluding my proposition,
unless the Senator is ready, for the sake of form,
to sacrifice the substance. I f it be important that
my proposition should prevail, and if at this late
stage of the session it may be difficult to carry it
otherwise, then am I clearly right in moving it as
I now do, and the Senator is wrong in opposing
it. An appropriation bill is like a " through train,"
and while its special office is to appropriate money,
yet it may carry any proposition required by the
public good.
Why, sir, there is hardly ever an appropriation
bill that is not compelled to carry passengers in
this way. It has been done during the present
session repeatedly; and if the Senator will read
our statu tes-at-hirge he will find that the usage has
prevailed for years. It is no new thing, 1 do not
begin it now.
If it were necessary to furnish examples, I
might point to my ftiend the Senator from New
Hampshire, [Mr. Hale,] who won one of hie
proudest triumphs in this Chamber,which secured
to him the sympathy and gratitude especially of
sailors, by moving on an appropriation bill the
abolition of the lash in the naval and commercial
marine of the United States. Had he been com-
pelled to wait the passage of a special act for this
purpose I fear that he would have been waiting
to this day. And this example of the Senator has
been followed by the Senator from Iowa [Mr.
Grimes,] who, on an appropriation bill, moved
and earned the abolition of grog in the Navy.
But I am not without personal experience un-
der this head. I hope that I shall not take too
great a liberty if I adduce it even in detail. 1
was chosen to the Senate for the first time im-
mediately after the passage of the infamous fugi-
tive .slave act of 1850. If at that time I received
fiom the people of Massachusetts any special
charge, it was to use my best endeavors to secure
the repeal of this act. I began the work in the
first session that I was here. Disappointed in
various efforts to brin  the question directly be-
fore the Senate on a bill or resolution, I ventured
at last—on the advice of eminent Senators who
difteied from me in sentiment, but who appre-
ciated candidly the obligations of my position—
to move the repeal on an appropriation bill. A
debate ensued which lasted till late in the evening.
11 may not be uninteresting to know that on the
ayes and noes there were but four votes in the
affirmative, as follows: Mr. Chase, Mr. Hale, Mr.
Sumner, and Mr. Wade. This was 26th August,
1852. Such was the weakness of our cause at that
time-
But it must be remarked that throughout the
protracted and sometimes acrimonious debate, it
was not for a moment suggested that the propo-
sition was not 4<germane to the bill," or that it
was not completely in order. Had any such idea
been tenable, had there been the least apology
for it, had it not been utterly unreasonable, be
assuied, sir, it would have been made the excuse
for stifling the discussion. The two political pur-
ties had just made their nomination for President.
Fianklin Pierce was the candidate of the Demo-
crats, an d YVmfield Scott of the Whigs. Both
parties had united substantially on platforms de-
claring the compromise measures, including the
fugitive slave act, 45 a finality" not to be opened
or discussed. But they were opened and dis-
cussed on that day.
Mr. Hunter, of Virginia, was at the time chaii-
man of the Committee on Finance. He was in
many respects a remarkable person, with a mind
enlarged somewhat by study and long experi-
ence in public affairs, and with a temper noteasily
disturbed. Looking back upon his conduct of
the business intrusted to him in this Chamber,
there can be no question of his ability or fidelity.
There was neither weakness or indifference in
that mildness of sway. He understood com-
pletely the duties of his position, was a jealous
guardian of the appropriation bills, and was,
moreover, a most determined thick and thin par-
tisan of slavery tn all us pretensions But I do
not recollect that he interposed any objection to
the time or place of my motion; and, though the
fugitive slave bill was a part of his political and
social creed, I am suie that he allowed the debate
to close without any criticism upon my course,
or a single impatient word. All this now be-
longs to history, and I mention it as a precedent
for the present hour.
My motion on that day was discussed on its
mei its, and i trust my motion to-day will be dis-
cussed in the same way.
1 propose to remove from the statute-book odi-
ous provisions in supportofslavery. Whoever is
in favor of those piovisions, whoever is disposed
to keep alive the coastwise slave trade, or who-
ever wishes to recognize it in our statutes, will
naturally vote against my motion. And yet, let
me say that i am at a loss to understand how at
this moment, at this stage of our histoiy, any
Senator can hesitate to unite with mein this work
of expurgation and purification. But at all events,
1 trust that the Senator from Ohio will not set up
an objection of form to prevent the success of this
good work. He must not be more severe against
freedom now than was the representative of sla-
very who occupied his place when 1 moved the
repeal of the fugitive slave bill.
Mr, SHERMAN. 1 do not know what the
Senator from Massachusetts means by the re-
marks that he has just made. In presenting
this bill, in reporting it from the Committee on
Finance and managing it here, I am simply per-
forming a duty assigned to me by the Senate. In
my judgment, no legislative measure of this kind
should ever be attached to an appropriation bill
unless tt bears a relation to or has a direct con-
nection with an appropriation contained in the
.bill. That is a correct principle not to be departed
from, and which was not departed from in the
historical cases alluded to by the Senator fiom
Massachusetts. In the case of the abolition of
flogging in the Navy, where an appropriation is
made for the pay of the officers and sailors and
marines in the Navy, it is proper to connect with
it a regulation as to the mode and manner of treat-
ment of ihose sailors. S*>, in legard to the up-
piopriations for the Navy and for the custody
and care of the sailors, it is proper to stipulate
that no giog shall be given to them. Both those
propositions were peitincnt and relevant to the
bill to which they were proposed. In all the his-
toiical cases referred to by the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts theamendments were proper and con-
nected with the subject-matter of the appropria-
tion.
But here isa matter wholly extraneous, having
no connection whatever with any single item
contained in this bill, dragged and lugged m here
without any pertinency whatever; an amendment
which, if adopted, will tend to embarrass the pas-
sage of this bill, will create political controversies
on a mere appropriation bill. It seems to me it
ought not to be adopted by the Senate. In re-
sisting it I simply resist what. 1 consider to be a
bad practice, and 1 hope the Senate will sustain
me in this matter. Every member of the Senate
is interested in confining the appropriation bills
simply to what they declare themselves to be,
appropriations to carry into effect existing laws,
if the members of the Finance Committee were
to pursue a diffeient policy and allow these billa
to he loaded down, they would assume the di-
rection and control of the whole legislation of
Congress. If the Senate allow this measure to
be put on this bill, and the example of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts is followed, every Sen-
ator interested in some particular proposition will
seek to have it fastened upon an appropriation
bill, being certain that the weight of that appro*
priation Gill will carry it through. Thus these
bills, which were intended simply to furnish
means to carry on the ordinary operations of the
Government, will be made political bills contain-
ing disputed items, controverted items. Instead
of being what they are, or what they ought .to
be, they will be made to carry political loads. I
trust, therefore, that the Senate will not vote this
proposition upon this appropriation bill and thus
create embarrassment and delay in Ha passage
and a long discussion about it.
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 suppose the law, two sec-
tions of which the Senator fiom Massachusetts
pioposes to lepeal, is the act of March, 1807.
That is it, is it not ?
Mr. SUMNER. Yes, sir.
Mr. JOHNSON. He proposes to repeal the
eighth and ninth sections of that act. Now, in-
dependent of the objection taken by the honor-
able member from Ohio, which, in my judg-
ment, should be conclusive with the Senate, that
such a measure, although it may be a proper one
in itself, is not one propel' to be inserted upon a
bill of this description, I submit to the honorable
member that peihaps he will overshoot his own
mark if he succeeds in having his amendment
adopted. I tdke it for granted everybody will
admit that however the opinions of individual
Senators may be upon the subject, there is noth-
ing in the Constitution of the United States which
prohibits slaves from being transported in vessels
from one poit of the United States to another
port.
Mr. SUMNER. If the Senator will allow me,
I think it is utterly unconstitutional myself. I
have no doubt about it.
Mr. JOHNSON. I excluded you in what I
said.
Mr. SUMNER, J beg the Senator's pardon.
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly 1 excluded you.
If 1 am riffht. that is to say, that the coui ts hold
that that act is nof unconstitutional, the honor-
able member proposes to repeal the eighth and
