288
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
and never-has been, any evidence bfefore the com-
mittee or the-House, no evidence contemplated
by the law, that there was a vote cast in Pembina.
The reason I say so is this: the law says that
three canvassers, or a majority of them, and they
alone, shall state it, John Hutchinson had no
more business to say that than he had, on the 25th
of December, 1863* to make the certificate which
is appended to the report of the committee. The
last act of John Hutchinson in this, not drama,
but in this farce, after taking a survey of the field
of his duty, was on the 25th of December, 1863,
the, last Christmas we have had, to certify that
Mr. Jayne, and he alone, has been elected, and to
put the great seal on it, and my friend says that
he is the sole custodian of the seal of the Terri-
tory.
Mr. GANSON. Was it notconceded that those
-votes were cast, and is that not some evidence?
, Mr. DAWES. My friend knows that 1 cannot
disclose what took place in the committee room,
as that would be a violation of rules. While he
and 1 are trying to argue this case as well as we
can upon the papers, 1 will suggest to him that no-
body said anything more than this, that thepaper
purporting to contain so many votes, namely:
125 for Todd and 19 for Jayne, was put into the
secretary's hands after it was ascertained how
many were required to make the majoiity the
other way. That is all that was conceded, and
that is all that can be conceded,
One word more about the seal which Mr. Jayne
used. It is stated that Mr. Jayne had no author-
ity to use this seal. There is no requirement of
-law to put that seal upon the certificate. It was
a work of supererogation, but, being a beautiful
one, we have it in these papers five' times over.
The board were functus officio after having dis-
charged their duties as canvassers m this ease,
and they became humble citizens of Dakota Ter-
ritory. That is all there is of it. There is no law
requiring the Governor or the secretary to keep
the seal. 1 suggest that one or the other shall
take it and use it, or have the custody of it. They
have not done it, and I do not wonder that they
both have a right to use it.
Mr. Speaker, this is a case like that from Ne-
braska last year. I can refer to the position of
as many of the members of the Committee of
Elections aa were then here, that after those can-
vassers performed tifeir duty, and gave a certifi-
cate according to the requirements of law, as was
done in that casa as well as in this, they had per-
formed their whole duty. When we take into
consideration the facilities in new Territories, if
wo allow constant modifications of their lonuns,
the whole tiling will be aa changeable as the ih'et-
ingcloudsof April. Wo would never know when
the election had been determined. While we are
settling this case here the secretary assumes the
right to send us a new certificate, dated 25th of De-
cember, 1B63, as to the whole facts. Perhaps be-
fore the committee pass on the merits of the case
we shall have still another one. There is no tell-
ing what Protean shapes the case may assume.
The Committee ot Elections present the author-
itative proclamation of the secretary, under the
seal of the Teiritory, that William Jayne ha«
been elected. If you want anything more, we
present a new certificate signed by both the Gov-
ernor and this same secretary a little more than
fifteen days ago, declaring not only that Jayne
was elected, but, in the language of my friend
from Connecticut, [Mr. Deming,] that nobody
else was.
Mr. TODD. One question to the gentleman
from Massachusetts, Was not that certificate,
dated the 25th of December, 1863, issued by the
Governor of the Territory, sealed with the seal
of the Territory, and countersigned by the secre-
tary?*
Mr. DAWES. Certainly it wa's; and the cer-
tificate from Nebraska, to which the gentleman
referred, was signed by the Governor alone, and
had neither the signature of the secretary nor the
seal of the Territory.
Mr. TODD. 1 only wish to call the attention
of the chairman to the fact that he stated that the
certificate was issued by the secretary. It was
issued by the Governor, and scaled and counter-
signed by the secretary.
Mr. DAWES. Certainly. I suppose (hoy
thought they would stop all cavil this time; but
[ submit that the certificate presented by Mr.
Morton last Congress, for which the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Yoorhees] and myself voted,
was a certificate signed by the Governor alone,
and had neither the seal nor the secretary's name
upon it.
The question recurring upon the amendment
offered by Mr. Smith,
Mr. SMITH called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 66, nays 78; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs, James C. Allen., William J. Alien, An-
cona, Anderson, Buily, Augustas G. Baldwin, Jacob B.
Blair, Blws, Brooks, Chattier, Clay, Cofiroth, Cox, Cravens,
Thomas T. Davis, Dawson, l)enmsoii, Eekley, Eden, Ed-
geiton, Eldridge, English, Farneworth, Fmcfc, Gannon,
Gruler, Grisvvold, Harding, Herrick, Holman, William
Johnson, Kalhtleisch, Kernan, Lazear, Lc Blond, Long,
Marcy, McAIhstei, McDowell, McKumey, William H.
Miller, James tt. Morris, Morrison, Noble, Odell, John
O'Neill, Pendleton, William H. Randall,Robinson, Rogers,
James S. Rollins, Ross, Smith, John B. Steele, Stiles,
Strousc, Stuait, Sweat, Thomas, Webster, Whaley,
Wheeler, Chilton A. White, Joseph W. White, Winfield,
and Fernando Wood—66.
NAYS—Me-^rs. Alley, Allison, Amei. Arnold, Ashley,
John I). Baldwin, Ba.xtei, Bcaman, Francis I*. Blair, Blow,
Bourwull, Boyd, lirawlegee, Broomall, William G. Brown,
Ambrose W. ClarU, Fieeninn Clarke, Cobb, Cole, Cres-
well, Heniy Winter Davis, Dawes, Deming, Dixon, Don-
nelly, Driggs, Eliot, Frank, Garfield, Hale,Higby, Hooper,
Ifotehkixs, Asalid W. Hubbard, John II. Hubbard, Hnl-
burd, Julian, Kas&on, Fiancis W. Kellogg, Orlando Kel-
logg, Loan, Longyear, Lovejoy, Maivin, McBiide, Mc~
Cluig, MoJndoe, Samuel F. Miller, Moorhead, Mori ill,
Daniel Morris, AiiiO" Myer«, Nelson, Norton, Charles.
O'Neill, Oith, Patterson, IVriiam, Pike, Poinerov, John
ii.llice, Eil\*.ud II. Rollins, SehencU,Seofiuld, Shannon,
Simtliors, Spalding, Stevens, Tiiayer, Tracy, Upson, Van
Valkeubtngli,Eltiiu B. Washbtiine, William B. Washburn,
Williams, Wilder, Wilson, ami -Window—78.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
During; the call of the roll,
Mr. COBB stated thatMr. Sloan wasdetained
fiom the House by severe illness in his family.
Mr. O'NEILL, of Pennsylvania, stated timt
Mr. L. Mylrs was absent from the House for the
same reason.
M r. ODELL stated that Mr. Stkbbivs was ab-
sent on account of illness.
The resolution offered by the committee was
then agreed to.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted;and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the table;
which latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. J.wne then appeared at the Clerk's desk
and qualified by taking the oath prescribed by
the act of July 2, 1865.
ADJOURNMENT OVElt.
Mr. BLAIR, of West Virginia. I move that
when this House adjourns it adjourn to meet on
Monday next.
The motion was agreed to.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Mr. POMEttOY. I desire to inform the House
(hat Mr. Littlkjoun has been absent from the
House almost the entire time since its organiza-
tion in consequence of severe sickness, and it will
probably be some weeks before he will be able to
resume his seat heie. 1 ask the House to grant
to Mr. Littlljohnt indefinite leave of absence.
Leave of absence was granted.
PAY OK OFFICERS IN WESTERN DEPARTMENT.
Mr. McCLURG. I move that the House now
proceed to the business upon the Speaker's table.
The motion was agreed to; and the House pro-
ceeded to consider the only bnsinesson the Speak
er's table, being an amendment of the Senate to
a bill of the House (No. 35) to provide for a de-
ficiency in the appropriation for the pay of officers
and men actually employed in the Western depart-
ment, or department of Missouri.
The amendment, which was to insert after the
word <{ valid," in the fifteenth line, the words,
"such payments to be rnado by the paymasters
of the United States Army," was agreed to.
Mr. McCLURG moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was agreed to; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
And then, on motion of Mr. BROWN, of West
Virginia, (at forty-five minutes past two o'clock ij
p. m.,)thc House adjourned. h
IN SENATE.
Saturday, January 16, 1864.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev.Dr.Sunderland.
TheJournalof yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIAL'S.
Mr. SHERMAN presented the petition of the
crier and bailiffs attached to the various courts
for the District of Columbia, praying for an in-
crease of compensation; which was referred to
the Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. MORGAN presented the memorial of Cap-
tain F. E. Prime, of the corps of cngtneers Uni-
ted States Army, praying relief for the loss of a
sum of money belonging to theGovernment, stolen
from his office by the rebels during their raid on
Holly Springs, Mississippi, December 20, 1862;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
He also presented a memoual of persons of
foreign birth residing in New York, who have
declared their intention to become citizens of the
United States, remonstrating against the enroll-
ment act as it affects foreigners who have declared"
their intention to become citizens; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, presented the memo-'
rial of William Cook, of Decatur county, Indi-
ana, praying for arrears of pension; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented the memorial of William
S. Speer, late United States consul at Zanzibar,
praying for compensation for his services; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United.
States, by Mr. NieoLAY,his Secretary, announced
that the President of the United States had ap-
proved and signed the following bill and joint
resolution:
A bill (S. No. 57) declaring the assent of Con-
gress to an act of the Legislature of the State of
Illinois therein named; and
A joint resolution (S.No. 15) amendatory of
the joint resolution to supply in part deficiencies
in the appropriations for the public printing, and
to supply deficiencies in the appropriations for
bounties to volunteers.
RECOMMITMENT OF A BILL.
On motion oj Mr. LANE, of Kansas, the bill
(S. No. 45) to set apart a portion of the State of
Texas for the use of persons of African descent
was taken from the table and referred to the Com-
mittee on Territories.
AMENDMENT TO ENROLLMENT ACT.
Mr. WILSON. As there does not seem to be
any further morning business, i move the post-
ponement of nil other subjects, and that the Senate
take up the bill amendatory of the enrollment act.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts moves the postponement of all
other business for the purpose of proceeding to
the consideration of the bill which will be the or-
der at one o'clock as the unfinished business of
yesterday.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (S. No. 36) to
amend an act entitled "An act for enrolling and
calling out the national forces, and for other pur-
poses," approved March 3, 1863.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question be-
fore the Senate is on the amendment submitted
by the Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Lane.]
Mr. PESSENDEN. I stated yesterday, Mr.
President, that I believed thecommutation money
that was paid in did not operate as a release in
any degree to the State with reference to the quota
of troops called for. I stated also that that was my
impression with regard to the law, and that if a
• differentconstrucuoii had prevailed at the War De-
partment, 1 believed their construction to be erro-
neous. 1 had not, as 1 then said, examined the
law paiticularly; but such was my very stiong
impression, as it was the impression of some other
Senators. Lastevening, however, 1 took the pains
to examine it, and 1 learned the truth of a maxim
which 1 was taughteaily in my professional career,
and that was never to give an opinion on a statute
without Inning it before me. I have examined
it carefully, and 1 have come to the conclusion that
