1864.
THE*COIsTGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
be taken upon this question to-night, and I hope
it will be understood that it shall be discussed
this afternoon but not voted on, to the end that
members who wish to leave and visit the hos-
pitals may do so. 1 am one of those who desire
to leave for that purpose.
Mr. SCHENCIC I think there is an oppor-
tunity now of bringing to aclose along-continued
debate upon a subject that ought to be got out of
the way to make room for other business. I there-
fore prefer to go on.
Mr. PRUYN. • The gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Garfield] endeavored this morning to draw a
distinction between the use of an existing road and
the authority to build a new road. It strikes me that
there can be nothing solid in such a distinction.
It is intended by the original bill and also by the
substitute offered to-day to give this company pow-
ers which it does not now possess. They came
here for some object or purpose. If we can give
them one power we can give them several. If we
can give one we can give all which may be neces-
sary for the successful prosecution of their busi-
ness. If we can authorize an enlargement of their
business, we of necessity give them the powerto
procure the additional facilities and to acquire the
property, both real and personal, which they may
need for that purpose. If we can do all this, it is
quite clear that we could authorize the original
construction of the road. The distinction made
by the gentleman from Ohio is not therefore, in
my judgment, a sdund one.
I do not propose to discuss the rights of the
Camden and Amboy Railroad Company, except
as they come up incidentally. I do not intend to
defend or to attack the legislation of New Jersey
in reference to that company or in reference to
the Raritan road, which is now under considera-
tion. My principal object, within the shorttime
allowed me, is to call the attention of the House
to the question whether it is expedient, even if
we have the power, to grant what is now asked
for. Is it desirable to aid any company in .%rry-
ing out what I believe to be, from the papers be-
fore me, to which I shall presently refer, an act
of bad laith on their part in coming to thus Con-
gress to ask for these additional privileges? I.beg
to call the attention of the House to two or time
extracts, which bear on this view of the case,
from the opinion of the chancellorof New Jet yey,
whose high diameter and integuty are conceded
on all sides of the House. The Camden and
Amboy Railroad Company filed a bill in the court
of chancery of New Jersey, the principal object
of which was to restrain the Raritan bay Iluil-
road Company from the use of their road forcer-
tain purposes of traffic. The ehanceiloi uf New
Jersey, in adverting to the position taken by the
defendants in that case in their answer, says:
  Thry deny that any agi cement has been made or is in-
tended to he made loi the tran^poitatiou ol tieight or pas
gouges between the cities of New Voik and Philadelphia.
Thpy admit that Ihey arid the Camden ami Atlantic Rail-
road Company have in view the conjunction and perfect-
ing, by meaiifc of their lespeetive raihoaii? ami a conven-
ient connection between tliem, of a continuous- and eomcn-
ieni hue of iail\vay communication acro-s New Jeix-y,
hom the city of Camden to Poit Monmouth, bur fhevdeny
that they 01 any of them have in view the continual ion of
said line, at euhei end thereof, by steamboat tian.spoiuuon
to tiie citiwsa of New Yot k and Philadelphia, tor the pin por-e
of usinc: the tame for the tram-pot tdtion ot pa.vsemjei.- or
merchandise in u manner which will violate any contract
!>etwe< n the Mate and the complainants, oi anj pjove-ionft
of the nets ot the Leci-tatuie refeired to in the complain-
ants' biH. They a^o deny that any eonhaet or anange-
ment made bv them is calculated oi intended fo tuini n < on -
tinuous line of inilway communication between the Mid
cities, to competem bu-messwith thebu^nesr-of ihocom-
plainantf. coimarv tothcir vested rights. Theya.imit that
it is possible, if not prohibited by law, that a hue ol com-
munication by raihond and steamboat between the cities
ot New Yoik and Philadelphia might be opened, but they
say that then" railroad i- not a public hisrhw.iy aed < armot
feo be u-.<'d without then concurrence mid con -;eiit, and as
they have made no airangemeut wlmt-oevei so to n-e the
same, and do not intend any untawiut u-e ot ;neir load,
tuch use. if unlawful, cannot be made, and if attempted,
can be i entrained by the eouits. They also deny that they
intend in any way to violate the chaiteicd light* <>t the
complainants,or thai they intend duimg their e,\i-tcnoc to
violate any ot the alleged e\ciu=JV<? privileges ot the com-
plainants. And the defendant-*, all and each of them, de-
clare that it is not and never has been then- intention by
the conjunction of their irtihoad, or it? connection^ with
the Camden and Atlantic raihoad, or otbenv!<e, to mtei-
fese with the complainants' eii.uteied lights hv eompc'inj;
With the raihond ol the complainant-; b) the tinn-pm ianon
ol p.rr ensei^ or meiehaiidi'-e b'-tw< < n the cities of New
Yoik amfrhiladHphia or otheiwisc."
It. is thus shown, Mr. Speaker, that the gentle-
men icprcdenling these two railioad companies,
together forming the Raritan bay line, came into
the court of chancery of New Jersey and declared,
under oath, that they did not intend, during their
existence, to violate any of the alleged exclusive
privileges of the Camden and Amboy Railroad
Company. Under such circumstances, with such
a record, these gentlemen appear here and ask
Congress to empower them to do that which they
have already solemnly declared they did not in-
tend to do. I claim that it does not become us to
aid any corporation which presents itself before
us under such circumstances.
It will be borne in mind—as the gentleman from
Wisconsin has already stated to the House—that
this proposed line is not part of a shorter line
between Washington and New Yoik, which it is
proposed to construct, and toward which many
gentlemen of this House liave expressed favor-
able views. In fact, it is a much longer line of
communication between Philadelphia and New
York than the existing line. The difference in
point of time, 1 believe, would probably be one
to two hours as compared with the line by way
of New Brunswick.
This hill is not asked for, therefore, for the
purpose of facilitating the passage of the mails,
but simply on the ground that it may aid the
operations of the Government in the transporta-
tion of troops and munitions of war. It is quite
enough for us to know that, so far as the present
lines of railway are concerned, it is shown by
affidavits here—copies of which have been sub-
mitted very generally to the members of the House
—that those lines of railway, under the most ex-
traordinary emergency that the country has ever
known or perhaps ever will know, were amply
able and were piepaied to do everything that the
Government required them to do in transposing
tioopa and munitions of war across New Jersey.
The Postmaster General in answer to a resolu-
tion of the Senate of 82d December last, requiring
information in regard to the failures of the mail
between Washington and New York city, com-
municated a letter to that body in which he dis-
cussed the question whether the transportation of
the mails between Washington and New York
could be facilitated by a new line of railroad. He
came to the conclusion that a new line of road
was not needed by the Government. Now, if not
needed for facilitating the transportation of the
mails, certainly it cannot be alleged that there is
anything due on that scoie to the application now
before us.' The views presented by the Postmas-
ter General on postal communication by what is
called an air line between the two cities bear gen-
erally upon the policy of granting the application
before us. I will read an extract from the letter
referred to. The Postmaster General says:
" It i* not com-nleied that any legislation i<? ucccssaiy
to secuie moie &<t!i?4actoiv miui peiuce on this line [be-
tween Washington and New Yoik] oi that any such action
could effect the object, unler-* n should hi euch as would
give the Depaitmmu powei to eonlioi to some extent the
action of the laihc.ad companies cairjmg the mail, in the
matfci ot chancer* of the tune of iiinmng the mail trams."
Now, sir, let me ask the House—and f desire
to address myself to the candid consideutiiim of
gentlemen on both sides of the Chamber who are
the Representatives from the different States upon
this flooi—whether it is desirable, whether it is
judicious on the port of the Government, even if
we have the power, to trample down the rights
of New Jersey by stepping in and interfering
with her legislation, granting powers which she
has refused to a corporation of herown creation?
She chartered the corporation which now comes
before you with this application. She gave it
ceitain powei s and privileges, and refused to give
it that which is now asked for it at your hand*?.
Shall we, in view of the action of thai Srate anil
the solemn protest against this measure which
has been sent to us by her Legislature, force it
upon her, even if we have the power to do it? Are
we justified in totally disregarding this declara-
tion of New Jersey? is it wise for us to do that
which she believes, and which her citizens almost
without exception believe, to be a violation of
their constitutional privileges?
The Legislature of New jersey, acting on the
message of the Governor on the 23d of March
hust, passed certain concurrent resolutions by
which, after calling attention to the pendency of
this measure, and to the fuel that the chancellor
of that State had decided that the assumption by
the two railroads forming the Raritan bay line
of the powers which this bill proposes to confer
upon them would be a direct violation of the lawp
of that State, protested against the passage of the'
bill before us. The last resolution "is the only
one to which I wilt refer. It is as follows:, t
"4. Because such special legislation, aimed ^nlyat ^ew
Jersey, would be a wanton insult tothedignity df-etta/Sftfte,
in derogation of her reserved rights, and in violation jojf the
contracts she has made, and. which have been pronounced
by the courts to be constitutional and binding.
I believe these resolutions were passed almost
without a dissenting v&ice, and demand from us
that respectful consideration which is <Ueto-ooe
of the most gallant and loyal States of the Onion.
Now, sir, let us see how carefully the Constitu- •
tion ha's watched over the rights of the States in
respect to the appropriation of any part, of their
soil for public purposes. In the very section of
the Constitution (section eight of the first article)
which contains the clause now quoted in favo?
of the passage of the pending bill—I mean, the
commerce clause, as it is usually called—we find
the following among the enumerated powers'
granted to Congress:
"To exercise exclusive legislation in all cases whatso-
ever over such district—-not exceeding ton miles square—
as may by ecsr-ion of particular States, and the acceptance
of Congress, become the seat of the Government of the
United States, and to exeieiselike authority overall places
purchased by the consent of the Legislature of the State
in which the frame shrill bo, for the erection of foits, mag-
azines, arsenals, dockyards, and other needful buildings."
It may be said that this has reference to exclu-
sive legislation, but it nevertheless illustrates the
principle. It has, 1 believe, been the almost uni-
form course with the States, when granting ex-
clusivejunsdiction to the United States over lands
acquired for any of the purposes referred to in the.
Constitution, to reserve the right to serve process
issuing out of the State courts within the bounds
of the'grant. Now the nature of the use made by
railroad companies of real estate is necessarily a.-
most exclusive, very nearly as much so as that
of the Government in the cases referred to. While,
therefore, in respect to hind required for the build-
ingof forts, magazines, arsenals, and dockyards,
all public and national purposes, it is expressly
provided that the Government shall only acquire
juifsdiction with the consent of the State in which
such real estate is situated,can it be claimed that
Congress has the larger power to authorize the
appropriation of real estate within a State for the
use of a railroad corporation without the consent
of the State, and indeed asm this case agamstits
protest? Now, I believe it has never been known
in the history of this Government, I think there
is no case on record in which Congress has pur-
chased real estate for national purposes unless the
State in which the property was situated had
fiist given its assent and ceded the jurisdiction
which it possessed.
Now, sir, is the settled policy of the Govern-
ment in this respect to be overturned ? Are we
now to abandon the course which has been pur-
sued for seven ty-fivc years and enter upon a new
one, not for public purposes, or but remotely so,
and that against the unqualified protest of the
State interested? When the national road across
the Alleghany mountains was authorized by Con-
gress—a work of great public importance at the
time—the statute expressly required that no part
of the road should be constructed in any State
without the consent of such State. Does not
every reason which led to that enactment apply
with increased force in this case? For the reasons
thus briefly stated I claim, Mr. Speaker, that if
we have the l ight to pass a law of the kind now
asked for it is inexpedient to do so.
What must be the result if we adopt this meas-
ure? The new line requiring moie time than the
old for the ti'ansit of passengers, will probably
offer to carry them at a reduced rate. Thatcom-
pels the existing road to do one of two things:
either to teduce its through fare, or to purchase
the stock of this corporation and thus obtain the"
control of its affaiis. That the last will be the prac-
tical result is almost certain. And these gentle-
men who come here asking an authority which
was refused by the Legislature of New Jersey,
will thus, in virtue of our action, be enabled to
work out their purposes.
if we are to believe the depositions placed be-
fore the House of gentlemen who stand as high
| for personal veracity as any in the country, we
are satisfactorily informed that the existing line
can do all the tluough business. Looking, then,
