1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
239
my opinion expressed to the Senate yesterday was
decidedly erroneous, and that the* construction
which has been put upon the law at the War De-
partment is the correct construction. I wish there-
fore to apologize to my friend from Indiana [Mr.
Lanf.] for contesting so strongly the opinion he
had expressed without having looked more par-
ticularly atthe statute. The thirteenth section of
that statute provides that '• any person drafted and
notified to appear as aforesaid may, on or before
the day fixed for his appearance,furnish an accept-
able substitute to take hisplacein the draft"—that
of course diminishes the quota so much—<korhe
may pay to such person as the Secietary of War
may authorize to rcceive it, such sum, not exceed-
ing $300, as the Secretary may detei mine, for the
procuration of such substitute, which sum shall
be fixed at a uniform rate," &c.
1 think it impossible to put upon that language
any other construction than that the Secretary of
War on receiving the money is to procure the
substitute, arid that the payment of the money
must operate so far as a release to the State for
that particular individual who has thus paid it.
It is a substitution of the money for the soldier,
and the substitute is to be procured at the risk of
the War Department. I think, therefore, as I
said before, that no other construction than that
put upon the statute by the War Department could
be the correct one.
I do not agiee, however, with the opinion ex-
pressed by the Senator from Indiana that this op-
erates upon other States where the money is not
paid but wheie the men are procured; that is to
say, it does not so operate in piactice. Thcamount
paid in is $300. The Secretai y of War very prop-
erly considered himself as authorized to offer the
whole amount of that money for a substitute in
the case of veterans—he might haveofTeied any
sum he chose not exceeding that—and to add to
it the $100 which is provided by law for all vol-
unteers and for all drafted men. It will be no-
ticed that under this statute men who are drafted
are entitled to the same $100 bounty provided by
law for volunteers, if I have read the statute ai ight.
The Secretai y of War therefore offered to veteran
volunteers tlip $100, which is to be paid at all
events, and $300 additional, which is the substi-
tute money; but he did not offer so much to raw
recruits. To them he offered the §,100 provided
bylaw and $200 of the $300 paid in as commuta-
tion money. Consequently, so far nshe procured
raw recruits he saved $100 in point of fact, be-
cause $300 was paid in by each person drafted
and only $200 of that money was paid out; and
to that extent, to the extent that new men were
procured, so much was saved.
That in point of fact the men have been made
up is proved by the fact that the money has all
been expended; for we were called upon very
early in the session to appropriate $20,000,000
in addition, because the sum was wanted; the
$12,000,000, more or less, paid in for substitutes
had all been exhausted; that is to say, the num-
ber had been procured which would exhaust it if
it had actually been paid. Consequently the pay-
ment of the money, so far as it has gone—what
it may be in the futuie I caniiotteli—has operated
in no way injut iously to any State which has pro-
duced the men, because substitutes have been pro
cured by the money thus paid in; and thus, to
that extent, the quota of the State where the
money was paid has been made up. I do not
think, therefore, that the consequences which were
portrayed by my friend from Indiana so vividly
with reference to a difference between the States,
have followed. Whether they will be likely to
follow in the future or not, I am unable to say.
That will depend upon future opeiations, how far
the matter may be extended.
I see, on reflection, the difficulties that arise in
reference to this whulo subject, and I cannotbut
be glad that the misapprehension of mine had the
effect to call attention to it more paiticularly, in
order that, so far as it can, it may be remedied by
an amendment which will apply to the whole sub-
ject; and 1 understand that an amendment has
been prepared which will do so. I have deemed
it due to the Senate, us I was somewhat strenu-
ous in the expression of my opinion yesterday,
to be equally explicit in withduuving it now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The pending amend-
ment will be read.
The Secretary read the amendment of Mr.
Lane, of Indiana, which was to insert at the end
uf the section adopted on the motion of Mr.
Sherman the woids :
Jlnd provided further, That the money paid for commu-
tation wiiinn any State shall be expended to pioeute sub-
stitutes for persons drafted withm such .State, and the pay-
ment of commutation money by any diafted person shali
notopeiateto release the State in which he was drafted
from tilling its quota, but the draft shall proceed in bueh
State until its quota is filled.
Mr. COLLAMER. I merely suggestthat that
word " State" had better not be used in this con-
nection. The act of enrollment carefully avoided
the use of the word "State." It was not to be
put upon the footing of the militia*, it was all done
by districts. The military districts were made
the congressional districts, and nothing was said
about States. It was to be in the districts of the
several States.
Mr. CLARK. I have piepared a substitute for
the amendment offered by the Senator fiom In-
diana, which I have shown to the chairman of the
Military Committee, and to somo other gentle-
men,and also to the Senator from Indiana, which
I will read. It is to nisei t as a new section:
J^nd be it further enacted, That the commutation money
paid by persons dmfted in any congressional distiict shah
bo applied i>v the War Department lor the ptoeuration of
substitute*!, winch substitutes <-hall he oiediU'd to that dw
trict in filling its quota; and it the quota of-such di-tuct
shall not then be lull, a further draft «*hall be made in -aid
distiict according to tin: piovmon*- of this act and the act
to winch it i> m amendment, and like proceedings had
until the quota of such district shall be filled.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I prefer the amend-
ment of the Senator fi om New Hampshire, and
with the permission of the Senate 1 will withdraw
my amendment, that ins may be adopted.
.The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator can
withdiaw his amendment, no action having been
taken upon it by the Senate. The question, then,
before the Senate is on agreeing to the amend-
ment submitted by the Senator from New Hamp-
shire.
Mr. HARRIS. I should like to heaT it read.
The Secretary read the amendment, to mseit
as a new section:
Jlnd he it fuithcr enacted. That the commutation monej
paid by persons dialted in au> conirres-ional distuct -half
be applied by tin- Wat l)< paumeni foi the piocunuioii of
suh.«.titufes, which •mb.-titutes «.h;ill he credited to tnat dis-
trict in filling it-quota; ami if the quota of such dMiiet
shall not then be mil, a fmther draftshall be made in said
district ucooidiutr to tlx- piovwoiis of this net and the act
to w inch it i^ in amendment, and like pioeeedingb had until
tile quota ot such di.-frict shall be tilled.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, I cannot
support the principle of my colleague's amend-
ment. I lecollect that the strongest objection
made befme the people to the law of last session
was that by allowing a portion of the drafted men
to pay money instead of ienderin<£ personal ser-
vice, you but increased the liability to diaft of
tho.se that did nut pay the money; and that was
answered somewhat successfully befoie the peo-
ple by saying that the payment of the money dis-
chaiged the obligation of the State to furnish the
quota, and therefore the liability of those that
could notpay the money was not increased. Hut
this pi oposition is that when a man pays his money
it shall not go to the credit of the State upon the
demand made.igainst her, butthat the number of
men shall u-main the same, to bo taken from the
people.4 Suppose that from one State thirty thou-
sand men are requm*d; a draft ofthn ty thousand is
made; fifteen thousand pay their money of those
that are drafted; fifteen thousand cannot pay the
money; and upon the enrollment there is another
fifteen thousand that arc not yet drafted, and
who cannot pay their money. Then \vc ha\e to
raise the entire number of men from that class of
the community thataie too poor to pay the money
at all.
The principle of the legislation of the List Con-
gress was that by the payment of the money the
Government procured a substitute and the men
were raised, and there was no increase of liability
upon those who could not pay the money; they
were precisely in the same position that they
would have been in if there had been no commu-
tation at all. But now, not withstanding the Gov-
ernment receives the money, we throw"upon the
tiuly poor men the responsibility to furnish the
men j and the money is but a ic venue. The money
is not treated by this proposition as a means of
furnishing to the Government a substitute, but it
is treated f*s a revenue, and the demand upon the
State to furnish the men continues as large as if the
money had not been paid. I am not willing to
vote for any such proposition, and I suggest to
Senators that it will subject the measure to very
great hostility in the counti y.
Mr. CLARIC, i think the objection of the Sen-
ator from Indiana [Mr. Hendricks] lies with very
much more lorce against what was the amendment
of the other Senator from Indiana [Mr. Lane]
than against the amendment which I propose.
The amendment which I puopose is that the War
Department shall take the money paid by the men
who are drafted and apply it, as far as it goes, to
the procuiation of substitutes. It may possibly,
by tiie employment of Africans, get them for^lOU,
and then it would get four for the $400, and credit
that district with the four, and so relieve the poor
men of the distiict very much. It provides that
the Government shall expend the money for the
procuration of substitutes and credit those sub-
stitutes to that distiict, no more. If it gets one
hundred substitutes they are credited; if it gets
two hundred they are credited. The Govern-
ment will undoubtedly do the best it can in pro-
curing substitutes, and so relieve the men of the
district. And as the Government wants men I
do not see that there is any better provision for
the purpose. We must have the men, and it is
fair that the distiict should have its money appro-
priated to procuie substitutes, and it is fair for the
rest of the country that that district should furnish
the residue of the men.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Will the Senator from
New llampshnc, before he closes, allow me to
ask him how his idea can be made a practical
one? The money is paid during the progress of
the draft, and it goes into the hands of the Gov-
ernment. it certainly will be a very considerable
time befure the Government can secure substi-
tutes by the use of that money. When the money
goes into the Tieasury I do not see how you can
identify the particular substitute that is paid for by
it. Is ita practical scheme? Can it be made so?
Mr. CLARK. Thai same objection in regard
to the time will lie against the whole bill. It takes
time to enforce the diaft. It takes time to call out
volunteers. It will take some time to get the sub-
stitutes, butit takes justas much time to get them
by the law as it now stands.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I perceive the Senator
does not understand the point of my inquiry.
Mr, CLARK. I am coming to the other point.
Mr, lltfNDRICKS, The draft is going on,
and as the money is paid is it to go to the credit
of the district, or do you require the draft to pro-
ceed until you get the number required from that
district? Suppose that at this time there is a draft
going on in a district which is to furnish one thou-
sand men, and five hundied of them paythecom-.
mutation money, will you stop the draft until the
Go\eminent shall make an effort to procure sub-
stitutes for those five hundred men, or will you
go on and draw until you get the one thousand ?
Mr. CLARK. I understand that the draft will
stop until substitutes are procured; and so it is
now, I undeistand, because the money is to be
appjied for" the procuration of substitutes." As
to the other point, that this money cannot be
identified, 1 have only to say that of course it will
be known to the Government justhow many men
commute in a given distiict; it will be known
just how much money is paid from that district,
and if the identical money is not used a like sum
can be employed for the purpose until the money
is exhausted; and the Government must use its
diligence in doing that.
Mr. BROWNE 1 should like to ask the Sena-
tor from New Hampshire one question, and I do
so because I concur with him in the desire to get
the nu n and not the money. If I understand the
bill, it provides that the amount of the commutation
money shall be paid over to the Secretary of War
to be by himexpendedinthe procuration ofsubsti-
tutcs. Now, under the amendment of the Senator
from New Hampshire, here isa district called upon
to furnish one thousand men. Five bundled pay
the commutation money. That money goes into
the hands of the Secretary of War. He is pro-
curing substitutes generally. Now, how is the
Secretary of War going to assign the number of
substitutes that he gets throughout the United
States in various quaiters? Is he going to assign
some of them to this district and some of them
to another, or are the substitutes to be recruited
