THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
January 16,
within that district? There is a question that is
going to invo) ve a good deal of inequality. If the
substitutes are to be recruited in that congressional
district itself—and that is the onrly way in which
the Secretary of War can get at a fair distribu-
tion—then it precludes the possibility of procur-
ing oohvred troops, such as have been suggested,
fe&oause these districts in the northern States will
not have within them the element from which to
procure these substitutes.
Mr. CLARK. I think I understand fully the
Senator from Missouri, and I say to him that the
design of the amendment is that the Secretary of
War shall procure his substitutes anywhere, and
we trust to his discretion to assign them rightfully
to the districts according to the time for which
they are raised. There maybe some inequality
about the price paid,and so there is now in pro-
curing substitutes. For instance, in my State I
-believe we obtain our men at about $500 apiece.
I understand that in other States they pay $700 to
fet a substitute. This must be done under the
iscretion of somebody, and we trust the Secre-
tary of War now, just as we have trusted him
under the old act, to get the substitutes at the best
possible price he can. We must have the men;
and if he can get them for $50 or $100 or §200
apiece among the blacks, so much the better, so
much do you relieve ourown people. We get the
men, and get good soldiers.
Mr. CONNESS. I am in favor of this amend-
ment, but it occurred to me, on hearing it read,
that it conflicted with some section previously
adopted, and upon going to the desk I find that
that is the case. I should like to have the eigh-
teenth section read as it has been adopted. When
that section is read, it will be noticed that it pro-
vides that certain persons described may com-
mute for $300, which shall be paid and applied to
a particular purpose, to wit, the care of sick and
wounded soldiers. The section now proposed
is general in its character, and provides that all
the money which shall be paid as commutation
shall be applied to the procuration of substitutes.
I am in favor of the section now offered as it
, stands, and the amendment orchange of the eigh-
teenth seetion. One or the other will have to be
changed so that both may be reconciled. I cull
for the reading of section eighteen as it has been
adopted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be read.
The Secretary read, as follows':
Sec. 18. Jlml be it further cnacted, That member* of re-
Jlgioas denominations who shall by oath or affirmation de-
clare that tltey arc conscientiously opposed to the bearing
of arms, and who are piohihited from doing so by the rules
and articles of faith and practice of said religious denom-
ination, shall, when drafted into the military scrvico, he
considered non-combatants, and shall bo assigned by the
$t&eretary of War to duty in ih/i hospital??, or to the earn, of
freedmen, or shall pay the sum of #3(10 to such person as the
Secretary of War shall designate to leceivo it, to be applied
to the benefit of the; sick and wounded *oldi<;r «; and such
drafted persons shall then fre exempt from draft during the
tune for which they shall have been dratted.
Mr. CONNESS. Now, Mr. President, there
is a conflict between the^two sections. Perhaps
the Senator from New Hampshire is reconciling
them. If he shall successfully do it, that wijj be
the end of it. I would prefct to have this changed
rather than his section, and to have his section
remain as it is. It is clear you cannot pay the
money in both places.
Mr. CLARK. I will add, "but this section
shall not be construed to affect in any way the
commutation money paid under section eighteen
of this act." 1 am obliged to the Senator from
California, because I did not think of that com-
mutation money when I drew the amendment.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the Senator from New Hampshire by
iiiserting after the word " be" the words " pro-
cured in and;" so as to read, "which substitute
shall be procured in and credited to that district."
My purposed simply to guard against an abuse
that I think may follow this legislation. A*s 1
understand from the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, the idea that he entertains is that it will be
eompetent for the Secretary of War to receive,
for example, from any district in Massachusetts
or New ^Hampshire, or any other State where
there isadeficteneyunderthc diaft,the $300 paid
by drafted persons, and to go down into South
Carolina or Louisiana, and there, with fifty dol-
lars, procure substitutes for the deficiency in that
congressional district. I am utterly unwilling to
do that. While I am as anxious, and have been
from the commencement of this war, as any.man
could be to call to the service of the United States
colored troops, I insist upon it that they should
be registered, as troops belonging to the United
States, for which the United States alone should
be responsible, and which we as a Government
should have a sole interest in, and not credit them
to any particular State unless they are residents
of the State. [(<Why not?"] Iewili tell the
Senators why not. Suppose there is a proposition
introduced here by the Senator from Massachu-
setts to authorize the State of Massachusetts, a
great and a rich State, to go down into Louisiana
and South Carolina and there fill up their quota
by enlisting colored men-, there are some very in-
superable objections to that, and they are these:
in the first place, if you permit that to be done,
then, instead of their being understood to be the
troops of the United States, they are the merce-
naries of the State of Massachusetts; and you
will create a conflict among the States, among the
soldiers of the different States, that will demoral-
ize yourarmies. Suppose you let Massachusetts
go down and with her munificent bounties recruit
fifteen thousand men in General Banks's depart-
ment, they are to be known as Massachusetts
men, to be substitutes for Massachusetts men who
were drafted or who ought to go into the service
under the draft. In that department there are,
perhaps, two or three regiments of Massachusetts
soldiers, and at the same time there are twelve
or fourteen regiments from my State. My State
is too poor to send agents down there with large
bounties in their pockets to enlist troops. How
long do you suppose there would be a g9odmili-
tary and moral sentiment existing between the
soldiers from Massachusetts and thesoldiersfiom
Iowa if they were permitted to fill out thcirquota
with colored men and we were required to fill our
quota up by the best blood we have in ourState?
How long do you suppose General Banks would
be able fo maintain the position he maintains now
in command of those troops? You would subject
him all the time to the imputation of using influ-
ences or permitting influences to be used to fill up
the quota from the State of which he is a citizen
to the injury of the other States of tins Union.
Again, if you allow this to be done, when the
Massachusetts regiments and other regiments from
the wealthy States go out of service their places
will be filled by colored men and in the course of
this war, if it shall be protracted, as it possibly
may be, for two or three years, you will find that
while some of the States will be fighting for the
Union with white soldiers alone, there will be
other States that will have nobody fighting for the
Government except colored troops and a few
white officers with them. If you expect thatyou
are going to preserve the Union and to prevent
local dissensions and jealousies by the establish-
ment of any such rule as that, I think you will
find that you are most ejrrcgiously mistaken.
Mr. CLARK. Mr. President, I do not feel
the force of this objection toj.he extent that the
Senator from Iowa seems to do. This is not a
proposition, by any means, to allow the State of
Massachusetts to send its rich agents down to
Louisiana to enlist coloted troops, but itis a pro-
vision by which the Secretary of War can do
exactly what he now does—take the money paid
for commutation and procure substitutes. Rut it
has this further provision, that they shall be cred-
ited to the district which pays the money. Now
I do not understand that these troops are neces-
sarily put among the troops of that district. If,
for instance, one of the districts in my State has
raised one regiment and is deficient half another
legiment, I do not see why black troops may not
be raised and put in another organization distinct
entirely from that, and still credited to the district.
It does not, follow that they are to be mixed up.
But, sir, there is another reason why this may
be done, and I think a reason which is felt by some
of the States very strongly. It is felt in many
parts of the country that the labor of the country
to some extent is being exhausted, and some
States and some sectionsof the country have felt
that it is better for the Government, better for
themselves in every regard, to keep their labor
at homo and employ it usefully, and to aid the
Governmental that way, and to procuremen from
other quarters to fight battles for the Government.
To illustrate: my State has procured substitutes
largely from foreigners to go into the Army. In
that way they bring into your service the foreign
aid, and also keep their own laborers at home to
labor for the Government, and you get the bene-
fit in some degree of both.
It seems to me very much better that by this
provision we should allow the Government to
take these black men and put them into the ser--
vice of the country and make soldiers of then),,
than to keep them over here in Virginia, or other
quarters, and feed them, when perhaps some of
teem are not In the service, though lam happy to
learn that they earn their living by their labor;
but I think we can make them still more useful
in this way, and relieve the country to that ex-
tent of a burden.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, I agree with the
honorable Senator as to the necessity and propri-
ety of calling these colored men into the service of
the United States. I have been for that from the
commencement of this war. No man has been
ahead of me in that particular; but I want them
called into the service of the United States as
United States troops, and not as the substitutes
for white soldiers fiom any State. That is the
difference between the Senator and me. I would
do anything in my power to stimulate the recruit-
ment of colored troops. I believe it is the most
important thing, and more important than the pas-
sage of this bill, if wc can devise some scheme by
which we can stimulate the Administration to that
course; but I am utterly opposed to the selection of
these colored men as the representatives of the citi-
zens of any State, I do not care whether it be mine
or any other State, that has not filled up its quota.
I know very well that it will be greatlyto the ad-
vantage of particular States, of all the States in-
deed, to save their labor at home and to send col-
ored men abroad to fight for them. I would like
to have the same thing for my own State. I would
like to have colored men take the place of the
white soldiers who have gone from my State and
who are constantly going from it; but I cannot do
that with any fair showof equality among the sev-
eral States, upon the plan that is suggested by the
Senator from New Hampshire. Let the colored
men be enlisted for the Government, paid by the
Government, let the entire Government be respons-
ible for them and interested in them, and not let
them, unless they be the residents of that State, go
into the service as the representatives of any par-
ticular State.
Mr. CLARK. I do not desire to delay the ac-
tion of the Senate, but perhaps I ought to state, as
the Senator from Iowa has said that this may be
for the benefit of some States, that it is not by any
means for the benefit; of mine, if he desired to aim
that remarket me. My State will procureits quota
under the call for volunteers without any draft,
and she will procure ^Inte men, men in her own
section, and put them into the armies of the coun-
try to fight for her. Nor does it follow that if we
adopt this provision, the Secretary of War will
necessarily get black men. He may or he may
not. He may get white men. He may fill up, as
he undoubtedly will, the residue of a regiment in
any section in many cases, if not all, with white
men. It does not confine him to one or the other,
but there is a propiiety, if with the money of a
district the substitute is procured, that that sub-
stitute, be he black or white, should be credited to
the district which pays the money.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, the ar-
gument of the honorable Senator from Iowa is
founded on a possibility. He thinks this amend-
ment should not prevail because by possibility
certain colored men may be procured to fill up the
quotas of the States. Now, sir, the probability of
it, in the fiist place, is not veiy strong; but what
harm in it? Follow out the Senator's argument:
he says, and says justly, that nobody has been
more anxious than he has been to enlist colored
troops, and to enlist a great many of them. For
what purpose? Is it not to relieve the different
States, if you please, or to relieve the country of
the necessity of furnishing white men?
Mr. GRIMES. To relieve the country.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well, to relievethe
country; that is theobject. Now,the Senatordoes
not expect that we shall get three hundred thou-
sand,four hundred thousand, or five hundred thou-
sand colored troops, and then keep in the field all
the white men that we should have without them.
Mr. GRIMES. But I think this: that if we
