2262
THE CONGRESSIONAL GM)BE.
May 12,
at the result which I have indicated and which it
seems to me is sure to happen, no public benefit
can arise from the passage of this bill.
I have now done with the question of expe-
diency. As my time is nearly out I can only say
a few words on the constitutional question as to
the power of Congress in regard to internal im-
provements which has so long divided the people
of this country. Judge Story, in his treatise on
the Constitution, points out the position of both
parties in regard to it and gives a summary of
their respective views. I will read one extract
from section twelve hundred and seventy-two
only:
"The resistance to this extended reach of the national
powers turns also upon the same general reasoning by which
a strict construction of the Constitution has been constantly
maintained. It is said that such a power is not among those
enumerated in the Constitution,nor iefit implied as a means
of executing any of them. The power to regulate com-
lftercecannot include a power to construct roads and canals
and improve the navigation of water-courses m order to
facilitate, promote, and secure such commerce without a
latitude of construction, depaitiug iiom the ordinary im-
port of the terms, and incompatible with the nature of the
Constitution."
How careful Congress was in the outset in cx-
eicising any power over the subject of internal
improvements, I have already stated m refemng
to the national, or, as it was often called, the Cum-
berland road. The consent ofgthe States through
which the road was to pass was made absolutely
requisite before it could be constructed within
their respective limits.
President Monroe, in stating1 his views on this
subject in 1822, denies the right of Congress to
construct works of internal improvement, but as-
serts the right to appropriate money in aid of such
objects. That is, if a State has determined that a
public work is necessary; if it enters upon that
work, if Congress think it one of national im-
portance and interest,and for the benefit notonly
of the State immediately interested but the sur-
rounding States, in that case Congress may ap-
propriate money to aid the work.
President Monroe was, I believe, undeistood
to incline to a broad construction of the commerce
clause of the Constitution—and his views on the
subject should command high rcspect from those
who hold to that construction—but it will beaecn
that he insisted that the State should first act,
that itshould first determine upon the expediency
of the proposed improvement, and that Congress
might then give Us aid, but without giving to it
the management of the work.
Let us go no further than this. Peinut New
Jersey to pass upon this question, and let us
abide by her judgment.
1 should like to say more on this subject, but
as my time is about to expire I yield the iloor.
Mr. SCHENCK. It seems to me that this
subject has occupied sufficiently the attention of
the House. The debate has been protracted, and
a full oppoitunity has been given for hearing the
arguments and statements of gentlemen upon
both sides of the question. Under other circum-
stances I might ask to be heard somewhat at
length, as a representative of the Committee on
Military Affairs, by which the bill was reported;
but I shall content myself with a brief statement
jn their behalf of what I understand to he the
points in question; refer to one or two extracts
from documentary evidence in order to correct a
misapprehension of facts, and then leave the mat-
ter without further discussion.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. Does the gen-
tleman desire to press this matter to a vote to-
night?
Mr. SCHENCK. J do.
Gentlemen upon the other side of the Ilmw
and upon this side who have opposed the passage
of this bill have been disposed to look at it en-
tirely from a New Jeisey point of view. That
was not the light in which the question was re-
garded by the Military Committee, nor is it the
view I shall take in lecording the vote I piopose
to give.
I shall be willing to vote for the amendmentof
the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Wilson-,] be-
cause that commends itself to many gentlemen
here on account of the general character of the
legislation it proposes. But if that substitute
should fail I will go with equal cheerfulness for
the original bill, with a viewto the eonection of
the paiticular evil at which that i^ uiulmI.
I look <U this matfoi the committee lookul
at it, from an outside point of view. I look at it
as a citizen of Ohio or of any other State than
New Jersey, and for that reason 1 will be drawn
into no argument here in relation to the rights of
natural or artificial persons as they exist under
and by virtue of the laws of New Jersey. I care
nothing about what questions may have been
raised in the Legislature of New Jersey. I care
not what may have been the different opinions of
the courts of New Jersey. It is not for me, if the
people of New Jersey are willing to submit to
the dictation and rule of a selfish corporation, to
interfere for the protection of that people. They
must take care of themselves. They must be left
to their own Legislature and their own courts.
We come to the consideration of this question
simply as it affects the people of the other States,
and we object to New*Jersey or any other State
passing any law or givjng'rights under the legis-
lation of that State to any individual or corpora-
tion which shall interfere with the free and un-
restricted exercise of those rights which we claim
under the general and common Constitution of
the land. And it is because New Jersey has un-
dertaken to say that there shall be no trade across
her limits from Philadelphia to New York or from
New York to Philadelphia, except upon certain
conditions which she prescribes, one of which is
to give the monopoly of the trade and travel to a
particular company, that we object to all that as
an interference with rightful intercommunication
between the States.
I do not, therefore, look at this in any degree
as a quc&tion affecting only a single State, it is
in the view of the matter which we have taken
as citizens of the United States that we have been
induced to think that some coriective legislation is
necessary. Anybody who claims the rights of a
citizen of the United States, among which is the
privilege of going through thecountiy acioss any
particular State, must be deeply interested in the
question whether the transit through that State for
all purposes shall be free and umestiained.
That there is a monopoly and obstruction to
free trade through New Jersey I suppose is hard-
ly to be disputed. Without arguing that, I will
simply call the attention of the House to the
formal admission of it made by the Legislature of
that State to prove that this must be accepted as
a fact. Mark the language of the preamble of
the act by which the monopoly was extended in
1854:
" Wluueas by reason of existing contract^'between the
Stale of Now Jersey and the Delawaie and Raritau Canal
Company and the Camden and Amboy Railroad andTian^-
poiiation Company, as het forth ui their acb of mcoipoia-
uon and the oilier acta m lelauou to s-aul companies, they
an1 po--5(>N«.r<l oi certain exclusive pi ivlleges winch prevent
the construction, cYcupt by their consent, of any railroad
or lailroadn in thi^ ^t.uc, which .-hall be intended or used
tot the ti iui^poi nil ion o I pu-^ougers or meiebundise l>e-
tw< en the cilics ol New York and Philadelphia, oi to com-
pete in hiwuess with the lailioads ol'saul companies; and
whereas the extinguishment ol these privileges is a mat-
ter "f gieat public importance."
Even by solemn statute, therefore, these char-
ter privileges aie declared to be a monopoly, and
it is because it is such that we propose to inter-
fere for the benefit of all the States. It is what
should have been done long agoe
One of the effects of that monopoly has been to
impose burdens, not upon the people of New Jer-
sey, but upon the people of other States, and
therefore we want this obstruction out of the
way. This has been denied. Gentlemen have
contended heie that there is no obstiuction, that
there is no imposition practiced upon the people
of other  Stmes, or at least that there is no differ-
ence made between the rights conecdcd to them
in their transit through New Jersey, or in their
transportation of freight thiough that State, and
those conceded to the people of Nuw Jersey. But
unfortunately for that statement, here is more
documentary evidence. In 1841 John S. Darcy,
pi esident of the New Jersey Railroad and Trans-
portation Company, mnde a statement which ac-
companied the message of the then Governor, Wil-
liam Pennington, to the Legislature, as a pai t of
the history of the relation of this railroad monop-
oly to (he people and State of New Jersey. In
that explanation he says to the Governor, and
through him to the Legislature:
" With a view, then, to ascertain the intentions of that
hodv, pennit us to uate that it seems plain from the acts
nieoipoiauiig i|i<i.-e companies., and the testimony of those
be.-t (onvM-aii! with Hif lu-toiy of their incorporation?:,
ill,u it \v'<ik th.' puli'•> of the Statt, taking advantage of the
geographical position of New Jersey, between the two larg-
est States and cities of the Union, to create a revenue by
imposing tax or transit duty upon every person who should
pass on the railroad across the State, between these cities,
from the Delaware river to the Raritan hay; hut that it was
not their design to impose any tax upon citizens of their
own State for traveling between intermediate places,"
That is to say, " we want New Jersey to under-
stand that although we have a monopoly it is not
a monopoly of which New Jersey ought to com-
plain, for our object .is to raise revenue for the
State by imposing this tax on the citizens and
business coming from the other States."
This document, it is true, was not intended to
be used in Congress or outside of New Jersey.
It was supposed that it would serve its purpose
by communicating the views and intentions of
these monopolists to the Legislature of their own
State in order that they might secure additional
privileges and advantages. But it was not sup-
posed that any one outside of the borders of New
Jersey would see the document, or seeing it would
take exception to it.
I read further from the same communication:
" It should be remembered, too, that it never has been
the policy of New Jersey legislation to exact a tiansitduty
from her own citizens, or fion> pert>ons visiting her towns
and villages. Such an imposition would operate not only
a-s a restraint on comineice and social intercourse within
our terntoiy, but would expose our own people to greater
buulens, by compelling an incieasc ol charge correspond-
ing to the amount paid to the Htatc, and thus unequally tax
the traveling portion of our citizens.
"The company believe that a careful consideration of
the whole matter, as well fiom the provisions of the char-
ter as from a reeuirence to the period when it was granted,
will produce the conviction that the transit duty was in-
tended to he levied only on citizens* ol other Mates passing
through New Jci^ey."
That means, " we want money to reimburse
oui selves, but not from the citizcns of New Jersey.
We want you to understand, Mr. Governor and
gentlemen of the Legislature, that it is only in-
tended to tax the 'outside barbarians.
Well, now, New Jersey must not complain if
these "outside barbarians," claiming to have
somS&nterestm thisconimon Governmentof ours,
should object, even now, at this late hour, to that
monopoly, or any such monopoly in any State,
being continued for the puipwse of building up
interests there, at the expense of Everybody else.
Sir, I do not wonder that there should be a howl
from New Jersey, or that gentlemen who speak
upon this subject from the New Jersey stand-
point should say, as the gentleman who has just
closed has said, that wc are proposing to trample
upon the rights of that State. But has it occurred
to those gentlemen that while we are not tramp-
ling upon the rights of the citizens of that State,
if we do not take the ground that they shall not
build up these exclusive and privileged monop-
olies for the benefit of their own State, wo shall
recognize their right to trample upon the consti-
tutional privileges of all the citizens of all the
other States?
My colleague [Mr. Pendleton] in arguing the
question this morning suggested a doubt whether
the charter held by the monopoly had ever been
construed by the courts of New Jersey as going
to the extent of preventing other roads from doing
any through business between Philadelphia and
New York, or whether the courts of that State
had gone so far as to require any other company
which did do such through business to pay over
the proceeds to the monopolists.
Now, I read from the statement .pf the case
made by Mr. Joseph P. Bradley, the very re-
spectable attorney of the Camden and Amboy
Railroad Company, a printed statementand argu-
ment m the case which was submitted to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs when the subject was
under their consideration. In that paper, pur-
porting to give a history of the whole matter,
there occur several passages which I would gladly
read if I had time; but I will confine myself to a
single extract.
Mr. Bradley says:
" The complainants finding that the defendants or some
company with theirconsent and procurement were eairy-
mg freight and pas?engeis over then road, and that =uch
freight and passencers were taken through from New York
to Philadelphia, filed a supplemental hill charging these
facts and demauding the interposition of the court.
"The defendants filed answers, in which they admit
that through freight and passengers were earned across
their road,"but put themselves on the ground that it was
done by others, by the Philadelphia and Eastern Ti as-
portation Company, the Union Transportation Company,
the Importer and Tiadeis' Dispatch Company, &c., and
! thattaid companies made thcli own arrangements with
