3238
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 24.
authority to prohibit it. His argument is, that
an authority to regulate, if it involves an author-
ity to prohibit, involves the authority to allow;*
and as ho has come to the conclusion that there
is no authority in this instance to allow, he must
admit, to be consistent with himself, that there is
in this case no authority to prohibit; and coming
to that conclusion, instead of voting for the amend-
ment proposed by the member from Massachu-
setts as it is now upon your tabic, he must vote
against it.
Mr. President, it is not the first time I have
heard my friend announce the opinion—it is the
first time I have heard him attempt to support it
by anything like adetailed argument—thatunder
the commercial power Congress had no authority
to regulate or to prohibit the foreign slave trade,
and the ground upon which he has stated it in
conversation with meandhas now stated it to the
Senate is, that the power over the foreign slave
tradewhich Congress has is a power derived from
that clause in the Constitution which takes from
Congress the power to prohibit the foreign slave
trade at any time prior to 1808. The honorable
member has stated as a rule of interpretation with
which every lawyer us familiar that a prohibition
of that description contains what is called a neg-
ative pregnant, and that it carries with it there-
fore the authority, after the time limited, to do
what is prohibited until the time limited shall
have elapsed. That I admit; but he insists that
because the Constitution says the migration or
importation of cei rain persons, which he concedes
very fairly and very candidly, and every lawyer
concedes, to mean slaves—I say every lawyer
that I have heaid speak upon the subject, unless
my friend from Massachusetts claims to be a law-
yer after having been out of practice, I believe,
more years than I should care to mention.
Mr. SUMNER. I make no claim of thekmd.
Mr. JOHNSON. No. '
Mr. SUMNER. ! } icld everything of that
sort to the Senator.
Mr. JOHNSON. There is nothing in that
which the honorable Senator would like to have,
bei\iu.se there is evi i ything m it inconsistent with
the principles which he avows. But if my ft lend
from Veimont is right that Congress has no au-
thority -it all over the subject of what has been
termed the foreign slave trade except what is to
be implied in the denial to Congiess of a power
to interfere with it before lb08,then it would fol-
low, us J think, and ! submit it to my fi lend from
Vermont, that when J808 arnved Congress had
no authority to do anything else but prohibit it.
That is true; hut then it would follow—a conse-
quence which i think the honoiable memberfiom
Vermont ha3 not cleaily aeen—«hut if Congress
after 1808 had not prohibited the slave tiadeit
might have been carried on. I suppose nobody
will doubt that, if carried on what would it have
been ? Commerce between foreign nations and the
United Siates.
The honorable member supposes — there is
nothing m the Constitution which shows it—that
slaves are not articles of commerce at ail. If he
be correct in that statement, then if Congress had
passed no act afi<T 3808 ihey could not have been
imported; but I do not think he will come to that
conclusion.
Mr. COLLAMER. Not under the word u mi-
gration."
Mr. JOHNSON. But under the power, what-
ever it is. He would not have come to thatcon-
clusion,and if not, whynot? Only because in the
view of the Constitution in relation to this par-
ticular trade slaves are snhjfcta of trade over
which Congress has control, either because of the
authoiity with which they are vested by the
clause to which the honorable member has re-
lerrod, or by the other clause which gives to them
the power of regulating; commerce as between
foreign States and the United States,
If i am right, theioloro, (and with all the re-
spect that 1 ennutain for the better judgment in
almost everything,and the betterjudgment which
1 recognize os existing m almost everything re-
lating to legal uuestionsof the honorable member
from Vermont,) it was because of the legislation
uf Congiess after 1808 that the importation of
slaves into tins country was prohibited, and if
you repeal that statute to-day they may be im-
ported again ae nwehandise, subject?.- of trade.
I submit furr^r to rov frie-id from Vermont that
the very clause upon which he lelies as showing
that Congress has no such power as has been
claimed for it was inserted evidently because the
Convention believed that in the absence of such a
clause they would have had the power. Why
insert it? What was the state of things at the
time the clause was inserted and adopted? Slaves
were being imported into every State in the Union
where slavery existed; the vessels from almost
every port in what are called the free States and
what were the free States, were engaged in that
trade; and the clause was inserted at the instance
of southern men, and especially the representa-
tives in the Convention from Georgia, to deny to
Congress the right to regulate the trade or to pro-
hibit it from the adoption of the Constitution to
the expiration of the period limited, 1808. But
why put it in, I repeat? Only because—and if
my friend will consultthe debates of the Conven-
tion he will find that I am right in my recollec-
tion—only because it was the opinion of the Con-
vention, of every member of the body, that
Congiess would have had theauthoiity to prohibit
it before 1808, by virtue of the power conferred
upon them to icgulafe commeice with foreign
nations.
But I am not to rest alone upon my own view
of the Constitution of the United States in this
particular. The Supreme Court of the United
States,in every instance in which thequestion has
been piesented, and the commentatois upon the
Constitution, and particulaily that commentator,
himself, for so many years, to the honor of the
country and to his own honor, a member of that
bench, maintained the existence of the power
under the power to regulate commeice with for-
eign nations. There Is a view, however, of the
power, supposed to be identical, conferred upon
Congress to regulate commerce as between the
States, taken by the Supreme Couit, to which 1
was never able to give my assent, although bow-
ing to it as the decision of the ultimate tribunal
upon all such questions. 1 have always thought
that as the powers to regulate commerce between
foieigu nations and between the several States
weie confened upon Congress in precisely the
same woids, Congress could do in relation to the
t-lave trade what Congress by the court was de-
cided to be competent to do in relation to the for-
eign slave trade; but the court have taken adiffer-
ent view.
My friend says that slaves, persons, are not
the subjects of trade, and besides that it never
was intended by the clause to which I am now
refernng to put it m the power of Congiess to
regulate the trade between the States so far as
relates to the articles which may be the subject of
the trade. He says that Congress lias no author-
ity to prohibit the citizens of Illinois or the citi-
zens of any other State from bringing from the
State of Illinois into any of the other States of
the Union the cereals which thatSiate may grow;
in other words, that the power to icgulate com-
merce conferred upon Congress in relation to the
several States of the Union is not the same power
with that conferred upon Congress in relation to
foreign States, because under the latter it has
been held that Congress may prohibit altogether.
The honoiable member 1 think is mistaken in
coming to thatconclusion. That view was taken
by nearly all the men of legal reputation at the
North,among whom towered high Webster. The
existence of the embaigo in Mr. Jefferson's time
excited the northern mind almost into a condi-
tion of political frenzy. They assailed the con-
stitutionality of that legislation on the very ground
that instead of heinga regulation of commerce it
was a prohibition, and that it was an absurdity
in terms to say that a power which was evidently
given m order to encourage by regulating foieign
commerce, carried with ita power to prohibit for-
eign commerce. But my friend will find if he
looks to the decisions of the Supreme Court in
which that question was presented and where the
power was held to exist, that the Supreme Court
|| put it mnmly upon the ground of the war power;
j! that if not a regulation of commerce, as it was
li not because it was to say that commerce should
i! not be curried on, it was what Congress had the
II authority to do, they being the exclusive judges
ji at the time in which it was done, when we were
'I upon the eve apparently of a war with England,
\\ and as a measure to moid the hist resoit of hos-
['• tilities, and Congress with a view to biing these
anticipated belligerents to their senses had a light
to say that all commeicial intercourse between
themselves and us should be put an end to.
But that is not the question here. Sla ves are
recognized as property in the slave States.
Everybody will admit that; and until lately it
never has been questioned that it was a property
with which Congress could not interfere. Then,
being recognized as property, it constituted, so
far as the business of the particular State was con-
cerned, a subject of trade, and being a subject of
trade it was a matter according to my view, as I
stated just now, with which Congress could in-
terfere by regulating, and Congress have regu-
lated. Before 1808, when the power was consti-
tutionally vested in Congress for the first time, by
legislation, to prohibit the. foreign slave trade,
Congress passed laws regulating and prohibit-
ing the introduction of slaves into the Teirito-
ries. How did they do it? Under what author-
ity? They prohibited domestic slaves beine^
carried into the Territories. How was it done?
Not done under the clause to which my friend
adverts, which takes from Congress the authority
to inteifere until 1808, but done under the power
to regulate commerce between the Sums and for-
eign nations and the Territories of the United
States. For the soul of me, if the authority in
Congress to interfere at ail is to be found in the
clause referred to by my friend from Vermont
as that clause has no reference to the domestic
slave trade, to any trade in slaves carried or 
within the territorial limits of the United States
I cannot see how Congress had the authority to
prohibit slaves being carried into the Ten itorie.sj
or to regulate the trade if they permitted then'
to be so carried.
I have felt it due, Mr. President, to the opin-
ions which I entertain, with the great lespeetin
which I ever hold the opinions of the honorable
memberfrom Vermont,to state thus briefly the rea-
sons on which I am compelled to difterfroni him.
-But, sir, at last we are brought back to the ques-
tion, why should this measure be put upon this
bill? We have seen the effect already. The hill
would have passed an hour ago in this body but
for it. How long will it be before we pass it if
this amendment is to be persevered in? And
after we have passed it, if we shall, and it croc4
back to the House of Representatives, how long
do you suppose H will be there before it is finally
disposed of? Suppose they dispose of it differ-
ently fiom us by rejecting the amendment, then
the bill comes back hero and the honorable mem-
ber from Massachusetts will at once be found
upon his feet again trying once more to strike
that last blowatslavery—which I thought by the
by, he said the other night he had done when he
got the fugitive slave law icpealed—which he is
so very anxious to strike that he may stand in
that respect as he is entitled to stand ,not only fa iri n
the opinion of his particular constituents, but fair
in the estimation of the world where slavery is
held in so much detestation.
Mr. COLLAMER. Mr. President 
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask the Senator to give
way to a motion to adjourn. I remained here
until past twelve o'clock last night and do not
feel able to stay here any longer to-night, and as
it is evident that we are to ha\ealori<> discussion,
I move that the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. GRIMES. Let me first take up the reso-
lution to meet at eleven o'clock.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope not. There are com-
mittee meetings to-morrow mornin<*.
ThePRESlDINGOFFICER,(Mi. Pomerot.)
Is the motion to adjourn witluliawn ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir; and with the con-
sent of the Senate—( wish to consult their wishes
—I move that on and after Monday next the daily
hour of meeting shall be eleven o'clock, a. rn.
Mr. SUMNER. I think we had better determ-
ine that matter to-morrow, not to-night. A com-
mittee of which I am amember meets on Monday.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let that committee do as
the Committee on Finance have done for months,
meet at half past nine o'clock, and that will give
them an hour and a half before eleven o'clock.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thequestion
is on the motion of the Senator from Ohio.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WADE. I move to take up the icsolutiun
I offered a few days ago limiting debate.
