1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. COLLA.MER. I gave way to a motion
to adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
fiom Ohio [Mr. Wade] is now entitled to the
floo r.
Mr. WADE I cannot yield. I want that
resolution tnken up.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. I understand that the
Senator from Vermont svas on the floor about to
speak, and gave way for a motion to adjourn.
The Senator from Ohio was not in his place then,
and did not see'what occurred.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
of the Senator fiom Ohio can bo entei tamed only
bv unanimous consent.
"Air. RICHARDSON and Mr. HENDRICXCS
obji cted.
Mr. SHERMAN. J renew the motion to ad-
journ.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, June 24, 1864.
The House met at twelve o'eioek, m. Prayei by
Rev. Mr. Fekrkb.
On motion ofMt.FENTON the reading of the
Journal of yesteiday dispensed with.
LANDLORD AND TKNANT.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the question of privilege pending when the
House adjourned yesterday, being the motion of
the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr, Wilson,] that
the House insist upon its amendments to the bill
of tiie Senate (No. 138) in relation to landlords
and tenants in the Distnctof Columbia,disagreed
to by the Senate, and agiee to the committee of
conference asked for by the. Senate on said dis-
agreeing vote.
Mr. WILSON. Upon that motion I call the
previous question.
The previous question was Reconded, and the
mam question ordered; and under the opeiation
thereof the motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON moved to reconsider the vote
last taken; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Tiie SPEAKER subsequently appointed Mr.
Wilson', Mr. Davis of New York, and Mr.
Wheeler, as such committee on the part of the
House.
SUPKKMK COUItT OF DISTKICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, by unanimous consent, ivpoited back
with amendments an act (S. No. 296) in lelation
to the fees nnu emoluments of the m«ishal,attoi-
ney, and cleik of the supreme couit of the Dis-
trict of Columbia, arid for oilier purposes.
The first amendment reported by the commit-
tee was to insert in line seventeen of section one
the words "more than" after the word "Inte-
rior;" so that the clause will read, "subject to
appeal to the Secretary of the Interior, more than
six thousand dollars per annum."
The amendment was agreed to.
The second amendment reported by the com-
mittee was to strikeout "six,"in the seventeenth
line, and insert *' four;" so that the clause will
read, " the sum of $4,000 per annum."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FENTON moved to amend by adding to
section two the following proviso:
Provided, That nothing in this act contained shall apply
to the provisions of sections eleven and twelve of the act
to prevent and punish frauds upon the revenue, approved
March 3,1S63.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. "WILSON demanded the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the bill v/as ordered to be read"
a third time; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
■ Mr. WILSON moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WILLIAM B. MATCHETT.
Mr. HOLMAN. What is the regular order
of business r
The SPEAKER. It is the consideration of
piivdte bills.
Mr. HOLMAN. Under that order I suppose
the Committee of Claims will be called?
The SPEAKER. On the last call of commit-
tees for private bills the Committee of Claims
had the floor for two days, and their right to re-
port under the call was thereby exhausted.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask permission to make a
brief statement. On the 20th of this month the
House passed a joint resolution furnishing relief
to the chaplain of a New York jegiment. Since
its passage, however, it has been found that it
does not accomplish the purpose for which it was
passed. I now hold in my hand i\ joint resolu-
tion declaiatory of the construction of that legis*
lation. It is a very meritorious claim, and i hope
there will bp no objection.
Mr. OUTII. I object.
Mr. HOLMAN. It is a mere explanatory reso-
lution. I hope there will be no objection.
Mr. ORTH. i object.
WISCONSIN FIVE PER CENT. FUND.
Mr. HALE. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to report back from the Committee of
Claims Senate joint resolution No. 8, for the re-
lief of the State of Wisconsin.
The joint resolution was lead at length.
Mr. WILSON. 1 object to that bill.
HUDSON BAY CLAIMS.
Mr. OUTH, from the Committee on Foreign
Allans, by unanimous con&cni, leported b,u*k j
Sennit' hill No. 187, to cairy into i 0'm t the tieaty |
between the United States and her Bi uannic Ma-
jesty for the final settlement of the claims of the
Hudson's Bay and Pugct Sound Agricultural
Companies.
The bill was lead at length. Itconfns upon the
IV'Sident of the United Status the power, by and
with the consent of the Senate, to appoint a com-
missions to act conjointly with the eommissionei
appointed by hei BntaunicMejesty '^Government
in determining the, claims ot the Hudson's Bay
Company and of the Paget Sound Agricultural
Company against the Government of the United
Stales undei the treaty of July, 1863, with au-
thority on the pat tot the commissioner to appoint a
clerk at a compensation of eight dollars a day.
It fixes the compensation of the commissioner at
^5,000 in full for his set vices and personal ex-
penses, and appropiiates the sums necessaiy to
pay such compensation, the share ot the contin-
gent expenses of the commission oil the part of
the United States, and of the compensation of the
umpile chosen under the convention. It further
authorizes the commissioner on the part of the
United States, in conjunction with the commis-
sioner on the pait of Great Britain, to make all
needful rules and regulations for conducting the
business of the commission; such rules and reg-
ulations not contravening the Constitution of the
United States, the piovisions of this act, oi the
stipulations of the tieaty. It also authorizes the
Secretary of State to transmit to the said commis-
sion such papers or records ielating to the busi-
ness of the commission as he may deem proper
or as may be called for by the commissioner; and
lequires at the close of the commission, and of
the duties of the umpire, that ail the recoids, doc-
uments, and all other papers which may have
been piesented on behalf ot the United States shall
be returned to the Department of State.
The bill was uiiicied to a thiid leading; and
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. ORTH moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to leconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
W. B. MATCHETT.
Mr. HOLMAN. I again ask the consent of
the House to lepoit a jointlesolution declaratory
of the construction of the joint resolution passed
by this Congress for the relief of W. B. Matchett.
There was no objection, and the joint resolu-
tion w s reported and read a first and second
time.
The joint resolution was read in full. It con-
strues the joint resolution on the same subjcct
heretofore passed to require the Paymaster Gen-
eral of the United States Army to adjust the ac-
counts of W.B. Matchett for the time the rogjmvtit
to which he was attached was in service.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TRANSFERS IN NEW YOKK ASSAY OFFICE.
Mr. KASSON, by unanimous consent, re-
ported from the committee on a uniform system
of coinage, weights, and measures a bill to facil-
itate the repayment of depositors at the assay
.office in New York; which was read a first and
second time.
The bill was read at length. It provides, for
the purpose of speedy payment to depositors,
that the provisions of the act of May 23, 1850,
allowing a bullion fund to be retained at the Mint
and branch mints of the United States, be ex-
tended to the United States assay office in the
city of New York.
Mr. KASSON. J desire that a letter from th«
Secretary of the Treasury on this subject may
be read.
The letter was read, as follows:
Trkasory Department, Nay IS, 1884.
Sir: Much complaint exists on the part ot depositors of
nullum ai itio New Vmk assay ofiicc <it tlu*d< lay tovvhieh
they tnc subjected befoie receiving relurn-l'oi theirdcposs-
rs in com. Under the cxiMin^ law- llu> delay app—.irt. to
be unavoidable, inasmuch as depositor* are obliged to wait
lot ihoa bullion to be refined at thea^ay othce tor it* ttans-
hi.s.moi) to ihe Mint at Philadelphia, its eoinime theie, imd
. its return to the a<-ay office, betbie the ceitifkate^ i^-ued
j io tin lit upon its receipt are tedeetu.ibh; in com; wheieas,
at the Mint and branch mints, winch are allowed a {*bul-
I lion fund." undei the act of May23, J850, depositor may
| leeeive tiie value of' their bullion in coin as scon asafeer-
i tamed.
! ^Vnh a view to remedy the exi&tmgdifficulty and ther^h)
i aftord the f-ame facilities to depositors at the away nlJiceae
ure enjoyed by Oiom; who d< porlt at the Mint and branch
j niniLs, ftiausmit heiewith thedraliol a bill piovidinajthRl
, tiie act of May 180>0. shall apply to ihe as>ay office in
! que-tion a>« well as to the Mint and it- bianebeg.
! The allowance of curb a land n* ih propo-cd to the
| office will not .H any time incommode the Tiear-my, mas*
1 much as the existing law peiimu-lhe Sec Hilary oft tie Treas-
i uiy to withdi.i'.v Mieh land tioni the Mint and bianchea
j whenevei oeonvion may rcqune. I tiu-stthe matter may
! be presented t'oi the eatlv attention of Ootiijie^.
j ) am, vei> respectfully, fc>. P. UHASE,
I Secietary of the 'J'rcvsuiy.
i Hon. John A. Kasson, Chahnimi Committee on Coinagef
: House oi Rcpi csentativa.
[ The bill was oi tiered to be engrossed and read
j a thiul time; and being engiossed, it was accord*
j mgiy l'ead the thud time, and passed.
"JV/r. KASSON moved to reconsider the vote
. I j y which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
| The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSASE l'KOM THE SJfiNATE.
j A message fiom the Senate was lecuived, by Mr.
I Forney, their Secretary, informing the House
] that the Senate have pab&ed without amendment
i House bills and a joint resolution of the following
| iities:
j An act (No. 519) repealing certain provisions
of law concerning seamen on board public and
private vessels of the United States;
An net (No. 539) to incorporate tho Young
I Men's Chimtian Association of the city ofWash-
I mgton;
I An act (No. 512) to repeal the fugitive slave
act of 1850, and all acts and parts of acts for the
rendition of fugitive slaves;
An fret (No. 551) to incorporate the Colored
Catholic Bi-nevnlent Society; and
Joint resolution (No. 109) correcting a clerical
error in the award of the emancipation commis-
sioners.
Also, that the Senate have passed a bill (No.
286) to prohibit the discharge of persons from lia-
bility to military duty by reason of the payment
of money, and for other purposes; in winch he
was directed to ask the concurrence of the House.
WISCONSIN DISTItlCT COUBT.
Mr. WILSON, from Ihe committee of nonfer-
ence on the disagieeing votes of the two Houses
