THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF COXCrKESS, PUBLISHED T>Y JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON D. C.
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, JANUARY 19, 1S64.
New Series No. 36.
discharge the white troops we ought to be per-
mitted to discharge our proportion of the while
troopsaccordingas theStateof Maine discharges
her proportion, which would not be the case un-
der this provision.
Mr. FESSENDEN". The Senator's argument,
he will permit me to say, is a very narrow one.
It is founded in the first place on an assumption,
which assumption it will do to talk about in the
Senate but will not do so well to talk about out
of the Senate. He assumes that certain States
of the Union have moie money than certain other
States in the Union, and he follows it up by as-
suming that they will pay more money. He first
assumes that they have more money, and then
that they will pay it, and. therefore that injustice
will be done.
Now, what does he desire? Does he desire that
any State m the Union should pay its money and
at the same time furnish its men? If it is more
for its interest, it is more for the interest of the
whole country thatacertain part of its population
should remain at home; and if you get the sol-
diers, have you not accomplished your purpose^
Does it make any difference where he comes from 5
Are you so very anxious because ten thousand
men go from Iowa, and it is their interest to go,
that therefore ten thousand men should go from
another State where it is not so much for their
interest that they should r If the other State fur-
nishes the men, what difference does it make to
Iowa where they come from ? That is the ques-
tion I want answered.
Mi. GRIMES. Will the Senatorallow me to
ask him a question 5
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly.
Mr. GRIMES. Would the Senator esteem it
fair to permit the State of Iowa to go down into
the State of Maine and there recruit to fill up its
quota5
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no objection toit
if you offer more money than we do.
Mr. GRIMES. Do you permit it?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know that there
is any objection to it, and I have neve'- heard of
any law prohibiting it.
Mr. GRIMES. AH of the States, I believe,
exclude other States from going within their ju-
risdiction to recruit. I know that agents for that
purpose have In en warned out of almost all the
States. But lure is a fountain, if you please, that
is owned by the whole nation. We are as much
interested in if as the State of Maine. We want
to prevent a second draft upon my State, and we
think we shall be able to avoid a second draft if
we stimulate the enlistment of coloied men. But
the Senator fiom Maine and the Senator from
New Hampshire propose to exhaust that source
from which we expect hereafter to draw recruits
to prevent another diaft in nur State, by npplying
these men to fill up the quota of particular States.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Now the Senator is as-
suming another tiling, and that is that the States
recruit". The States do not do any such thing.
This money is paid into the hands of the War
Department to get substitutes. The Secretary
may get them as he pleases and wheie he pleases.
The "States do not send rectuifing officeis into
other States or among colored men to get them.
They are not subject to State regulations, and do
not necessarily go into State regiments wherever
they come from. The fact is. it amounts to this,
and nothing more: U enables the Secretary to ob-
tain his men somewhere.
As I said before, the Senator's reasoning is nar-
row. What does he desiier He assumes, and I take
him on his assumption, bpcause he has repeated it
here, that the money raised by taxation to veiy
much the largest extent comes from certain States
in this Un ion. He wants it so to come; and then he
wished that money to be applied to paying the
expenses for the whole country Very well; it is
so. What further does he ask? He asks that
certain individuals may furnish the commutation
money in a pat tinilar State, and that that money
shall be noplied, m fact, to the benefit of Iowa.
That is the amount of his argument—that not
only what is got by taxation in the first place, but
what is paid out specifically to relieve a particu-
lar State, shall go to the benefit of Iowa.
Now, sir, I believe that it is hardly useful to
talk about this relief of the States, and to get up
a question of that description. The Senator knows
very well that the State he represents is filled with
young men who are emigrants from the old
States, and consequently it is very much easier to
obtain men there, because there are more of the
class that can, without the sacrifice of their inter-
ests, volunteer, or go if they are drafted—unmar-
ried men. That is not so in the old States. The
proposition of the Senator from New Hampshire
does not vary the old law except to make it more
stringent on the old States. As the law now
stands, the Secretary takes the money, obtains the
substitutes, and credits them to the States paying
the money, whether he lias to pay more than the
$300 or not. That is thepresenteondition of the
law; because for every $300 paid a man is marked
to the creditof the State. The proposition of the
Senator from New Hampshire goes further. It
says, that shall not be so; the man shall not be
ciedited to the State unless he is procured, no mat-
ter how much money it may take. It may take
$000 or $1,000, but still the State cannot have the
credit of it until the substitute is actually procured.
The effect, therefore, of the proposition made by
the Senator from New Hampshire is, in fact, to
extend the law further than it was before in that
particular. The Senator from Iowa now desires,
where it may be difficult m a State to procure the
men, owing to Us peculiar position, that the Sec-
letary of War shall be precluded from getting
them anywln re else, and the State shall not be
credited for them until they are raised precisely
out of that particular place. The result would be
to nullify in fact the effectof the whole provision,
so far as any benefit is to be derived from it
Mr. GRIMES. As I understand it, Mr. Presi-
dent, I am contending precisely for what the Sena-
tor said yesterday was the law; that is, that this
was a personal privilege belonging to the indi-
vidual who is drafted, that he may buy off his in-
dividual fieedom by paying ^300, but that the
State in which he was drafted was still liable fur
the man who became the substitute. Now I pro-
pose to carry out that idea which the Senator held
was the law yesterday, and which ho agreed this
morning should continue to be the law.
It is very true that my State has but little in-
terest in this presentdralt. We have greatly ex-
ceeded, so far as I can [earn, the demands upon
us, and probably very neaily come up to filling
the second quota that may be called for; but I am
contending for a principle th.it 1 bebeve to be ab-
stractly right. If m very en.<y to talk about the
States not being interested m this thing; but we
all know tha' the-.*o leei uitinents have been made
by the States. We ail know that the States and
1 ho congressional districts and the sub-dislncts
have had agents m the field filling up tlu se quotas,
and that it at last becomes a question between the
several States as to the manner in which they will
fill up their quotas and the means to winch they
\v ill lesoi t to accomplish that purpose. I can only
reiterate what I said befoie, that it seems to me
manifestl}' unjust to permit a State or the repre-
sentatives of a congiessional district, or, m other
woids, to permit the agent of a Stale, the Secre-
tary of War, (for he stands in no other attitude
than that, as the agent of a State or a congres-
sional distuct under the amendment of the Sena-
tor from New Hampshire,) to go down to South
Carohnaor Alabama and there recruit negroes out
of that common fund which belongs to my State
as well as tx> the Stale that ism d( fault. Do not
Senators see that if they want to avoid a second
draft they must reserve this body of colored men
for United States soldiers and not to be the sol-
diers of any particular State or of any particular
congressional district? If, after this draft shall
be completed, we can only stimulate the Wai De-
partment to put one hundred thousand colored
men m the field, which they ought to have done
long ago, there wili then be no necessity for a
draft. But you take away from the Secretary of
War the means of doing that by allowing him to
go down, as the agent of a congressional district
that is in default, and recruit those very men that
should be applied to the other States equally with
that defaulting State upon its second draft.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, the argu-
ment of the Senator amounts to just this, to put
it into a very few words: certain States in the
Union have got more money than others; they
shall not have the benefit of it at all; we will not
allow them; we do not like it; we do not choose
to appropriate what we have got in that way,and
nobody else shall. That is just exactly the length,
breadth, and thickness of it: if you want to furnish
the money and hire men, you shall not do it, but
you must send your men into the field, however
much it may be against your interest. What I
contended for originally svas this, that the State
should make up us quota. I said, in the view of
the law as I had it yesterday, it must be made up
by drafting unless they chose to volunteer or to
furnish volunteers in another way. The object
of this amendment of the Senator from New
Hampshire is precisely this: to compel them to
make it up, and it says the money shall not be
credited unless it is sufficient to getthemen; each
man obtained shall be credited, no matter how
much lie co<?ts, but the money shall not be cred-
ited unless it obtains a man. That is the object
of the Senator's amendment,and it will produce
that effect.
Mr. HARLAN. I think the argument of the
Senator from Maine would be conclusive if men
all cost the same price; but I understand that in
New England a man fit to be a soldier costs
now about $(>00. If you will allowa drafted man
to pay out $300 and permit the Government to
buy colored men with the money, as is being
done in Maryland and Missouri, I understand,
where they can be procured for $.300, the argu-
ment, as it seems to me, is less conclusive. We
raise white men that are worth $G00 apiece—
they cost that in New England—and put them
into the service, and then we allow New England
to buy men who can be bought for $300 as sub-
stitutes in those States. Here is the inequality
that exists, as it seems to me. I am riot willing
that colored men, who can be procured for much
less than $600, shall be credited to a State the same
as white men, who cost much more.
I agree perfectly with my colleague that if these
men are employed in Tennessee, South Carolina,
North Carolina, or Louisiana, they shall be em-
ployed by the Federal Government, and their ser-
vice as soldiers shall be for the common good,
and not for the good of the States that can pay
for the drafted men more readily than they
can furnish the men. This, m other words,
should be a tax on the able-bodied men of the Re-
public. You want able-bodied men to serve the
Republic in the field. This levy ought to be made
on the States equitably. They should he called
upon in proportion to the number of able-bodied
men m the State. If you permit men who are
drafted to evade this tax levied on men for the
purpose of procuring muscle and intellect to serve
the Republic in its ai mies, you should not leheve
the State oi the residue of the poopleof the State
from the performance of their quota of service. If
it weie a tax levied on the country for money to
pay the men, then, I suppose, these wealthy men
m the States that have been alluded to will be
compelled to pay in proportion to their incomes;
and this will be right. This tax is nor a tax levied
on the money of the country, but a tax levied on
the men of the nation. I can never agree that
Massachusetts, or Maine, or New England, or
Iowa, shall be permitted to fill itsqyota of drafted
men from the men of Louisiana, Louisiana is a
State, as it is maintained, of the Republic. The
people in that State owe service to the Govern-
ment as fully as the people of Maine or Iowa,
and if men can be procured there by the agency of
the Federal Government, they ought to be appro-
priated to the country at large, and not to any in-
dividual State.
