1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
■ ■ ■ %  _ .
the steam and ferry-boats at each end of the line. But it
appeared that the defendants knew of the business which
these companies expected to do, made airangements with
them in reference to it, and that the directors of the Raritan
and Delaware Company owned the steamboats attheNew
York end, &c. They also admit that they had carried
through passengers, Including some seventeen or eighteen
thousand troops; also that they had carried otherGovernment
freight,for whichthey alleged, but never proved, an order of
the Secretary of War. They put themselves on the ground
that they only carried freight or passengers partof the way ;
and it was none of their business where they came from
or where going to.
" Proofs weie taken and the cause was argued on final
hearing in November and December last. The chancellor
gave his decision on the 3d of February instant. He sus-
tained the claim ot the plaintiffs as to the through business,
declared that the defendants were infringing that right,
ordered'an injunction to prevent their doing it in future,
and decreed that they should account to the plaintiffs for
the business they had done."
I only quote that in order to show what has
been the unrelenting character of this monopoly,
and what has been understood by the courts and
Legislature as the exclusive privileges granted.
Mr. PENDLETON. I suppose the gentleman
referred to the statement which I made this morn-
ing-
Mr. SCHENCK. Yes, sir., i understood you
to take that ground.
Mr. PENDLETON. I desire to say that I
read from the opinion of the chancellor of 3d Feb-
ruary, 1864, in which he orders a master to take
an account of all the through passengers and
freight carried on these roads. The chancellor
says:
" It will be referred to a master to take an account of all
the through passengers and freight which have been car-
ried over the road since the opening of the route ; and also
all damages which the complainants have sustained there-
by. In taking the account the master will include all the
soldiers, horses, batrgage, and munitions of war that have
been uaus-ported, distinguishing this part of tiiu account
from ordinary business.
" No pioof has been offered m support of the allegation
of the answer that they were carried (Tver the roads of the
defendants by oiders of the Seetetary of War, or by orders
of the Geneial Government, Should it appear before the
master that any such orders were made he will report the
evidence thereon, and the disposition of that pait of the
case will be reserved till the coming m of the repoit."
I am informed that up to this time that report
has not been made, and therefore there has been
no adjudication on that part of the case. It was
on the authority of thatopinion, which I suppose
is correctly printed, that i made the statement.
Mr.-SCHENCK. I have the statement of the
whole case by Joseph P. Bradley, the counsel in
the case.
Mr. PENDLETON, I read from what pur-
ports to be the opinion of the chancellor.
Mr. SCHENCK. He simply says here that
the chancellor sustained the claim of the plaintiffs
as to the through business, and ordered an in-
junction to prevent this being done m future, and
decreed that they should account to the plaintiffs
for the business they had done. It appears from
the report that the chancellor only required an
accountto be taken; butwili mycolleague orany
one else tell me why an account should be taken?
An account of the business of other railroads is
not directed to be taken without an object. But
on the supposition that another railroad was in-
terfering with the exclusive privileges of the Cam-
den and Amboy Railroad Company, an account
is ordered to ascertain how much must be decreed
to be paid over.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. This account was or-
dered to be taken for the transportation of Gov-
ernment supplies. As to everything else the re-
ceipts were ordered to be paid over. That is the
difference.
Mr. PENDLETON. Will the gentleman tell
me why it was that authority was given to the
master to ascertain whether or not these troops
and munitions of war were earned by the author-
ity or under the orders of the War Department,
ifitwas the intention to decree a payment abso-
lutely ?
Mr. SCHENCK. I suppose, having the ex-
planation furnished by the gentleman from Ver-
mont, that the reason was this: the chancellor said
to the Camden and Amboy Railroad Company,
" I recognize you as a monopoly; it is held that
you have exclusive privileges under the legisla-
tion ofNew Jersey. And so far as other compa-
nies have carried freight or transported passengers
belonging to the trade or travel of the people of
Ohio, Vermont, New York, California, or other
partsofthe Union passing across New Jersey, I
decree that the proceeds shall be paid over to you i
absolutely; but so far as those other companies
may have carried for the Government under mili-
tary orders, perhaps they have been compelled in
some way to do it, and I reserve that-branch of the
case for future decision." Leaving out of view,
then, entirely what that decision may be in regard
to transportation for the Government, the fact still
remains that the court in New Jersey has re-
quired everything else in the shape of profits to
other roads for through business to be paid over.
So I am not mistaken in my statement in respect
to the exclusive privileges held by the chancellor
to belong to the Camden and Amboy road, and
the exclusive jurisdiction which the State of New
Jersey assumed to exercise for the benefit of the
individual interests of its people, and against the
interests of all the people of all the other States,
through a monopoly of this kind. She will not
allow the employment of any other means or
mode of transportation by railroad, no matter
how much cheaper or better it may be, through
.her territory. All are required to contribute to
this monopoly.
Placing this question, then, precisely on the
ground my colleague claims, the injustice still ie-
mains to just as great an extent against all the
people of all the other States. This monstrous
monopoly, as a distinct and substantive fact1, re-
mains without a contradiction or difference ol
opinion on the part of any gentleman who has
addressed the House. It is not attempted to be
contradicted even by the monopolists themselves.
Mr. PRUYN. There is one fact I should like
information upon. The gentleman from Ohio
rend a short time since from a report made in
1841. That portion of the line which lies between
New York and New Brunswick, it is charged,
pays a percentage on each passenger carried over
the line. If 1 am correctly informed the facts
are these, that the line from Jersey City to New
Brunswick pays to the State eight cents upon
every dollar of gross receipts, in lieu of all other
taxes; and that the other line by Trenton to New
Brunswick also pays a percentage; and that it
is paid alike for passengers residing in and out of
the State.
Mr. SCHENCK. I think I understand the
facts, and I do not mean again to be drawn off
into a general round of explanation. It is a fact,
as every one knows, that you may go through
the Suite of New Jersey and pay from town to
town, cheaper than you can go by purchasing a
through ticket.
Mr. PRUYN. But you pay the same tax in
either case.
Mr. SCHENCK. The president of the road
says there is a distinction. He says that the tax
is collected from citizens who live outside of the
State. Of course, if a New Jerseyman goes over
to Philadelphia and buys a ticket through to New
York, he pays just as much to this monopoly as
if he were nor a New Jeiseyman. ' The road does
not go into an investigation when a passenger
comes to purchase a ticket from New York to
Philadelphia as to the particular State of which
he is a citizen. There is no distinction made in
that respect between a Jerseyman and a man from
Ohio, Maine, or any other State. But then a
Jerseyman does not ordinarily or often or ever
go outside of the State to buy a tickct through the
State. Persons from Ohio, Maine, and outsiders,
therefore, who choose to go through the State of
New Jersey, are the persons practically who pay
the taxes. Thus the fact remains, as lias already
been slated, that in actual practice a tribute is
levied by the State, of New Jersey from the citi-
zens of all the other States through the agency ot
this monopoly. And that is the reason why they
are able to furnish railroad transportation propor-
tionately cheaper between particular points within
the State than for the entire route. The very
creation of this corporation by its charter giving
existence to these exclusive privileges was ar
interference with the rights of citizens of other
States.
Thegentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Broom-
all] has said that the other route in question,
the line of the Raritan and Delaware bay road,
cannot be a competing route, because of its in-
directness, I tfiink it was my friend from Penn-
sylvania who denominated it " the elbow route."
If it be a circuitous route, if it be an " elbow55
route, we only propose to make that and other
roads lawful lines of transit for the use of the
people of the United States everywhere, leaving
them to choose.howJfar-they.-will-;avaitiHe^iseljves
of such convenience.r. If :a road is sq eircuttous
that it cannot be a competing road,-then there
an end to any objection to it on the part ixf, Jtfee
monopoly. They say that" it'is a rftund&feput
road, and that itcan therefore do no harm to.tHeir
road, and yet they want to put an end to itic
may set one part of thia argument ag&frist?tbe
other, and there will be as little left of ita&shere
wasin the fightofthe Kilkenny cats. [Laughter]
But I have some documentary evidence in rer
lation to that point in my hand. In this bill in
chancery there were certain facts sworn to as rea-
sons why another road should notbe permitted to
interfere with these exclusive privileges, and I w£U
refer to some of them. The bill was accompanied
by a statement prepared by the counsel, Mr*
Bradley, and referred to in his argument. 'His
says:
" I have a statement taken from a measurement .of the
map itself showing the distances and the speed which can
be used. Steamboat distance from the Cattery, New York,
to South Amboy on Camden and Amboy line, 25 miles,
which at It) miles an hour (the usual rate of steamboats)
would be,lhour34minutes. Raihoaddistance fromSouth
Aniboy to Camden 62} miles, at 30 miles an hour, (which
is about as much as trains on that loute can make going
through the villages and over bridges,) would be 2 hours 5
minutes. Ferry at Camden, 1 mile, 15 minutes—making
a total of 885 miles in 3 hours 54 minutes.
"Now take the ItMitan and Delaware railroad route:
steamboat distance fflp Batteiy, New York, to Port Mon-
mouth is JO miles,at 10 miles an hour, 1 hour 11 minutes.
Railroad distance from Port Monmouth to Camden, 92
miles, at 40 miles, an hour, (which they could make on that
line of country with a good line as easily as we could 30
miles.) would be 2 hours 18 minutes. Ferry at Camden,
15 minutes—making 3 hours 44 minutes. In other words,
ten minutes short of our time."
They swear that the Raritan road is only six-
teen miles longer than their road, and that not-
withstanding it is sixteen miles longer the actual
time of running over it is ten minutes less.
'•'But putting the speed of the Raritan and Delaware bay
railroad and the Camden and Atlantic railroad and the
speed of the Camden and Amboy railroad both at forty
miles sin hour, which would reduce our time thirty-one
minutes, the time on the defendants' route would be only
twenty-one minutes more than that of the Camden and
Amboy. Well, to f-ay that that would not be a compering
line i>- to fep.y nonsense—what we know to be nonsense."
Now mark that! Here for the purposes of ar-
gument in Congress it is claimed that the new
route which we would declare lawful is a circu-
itous route; and if that be true then it is not a
competing route. But then for the purpose of
argument before the court it is alleged that the
other route is so short as only to be sixteen miles
longer than their own and is run over with such
speed, because of the levelness of the country
and the fewer stops made, that it takes ten min-
utes less time; and thereforeitisperfect nonsense
to say that it is not a competing route!
1 have dwelt longer than I intended on these
points, not for the purpose of opening the argu-
ment anew, but to correct in closing what seem to
have been some misapprehensions of fact; and to
place the meiits of the proposed national legisla-
tion on what seems to me to be a true and unas-
sailable ground of expediency and of right.
To put down or prevent all such State monop-
olies I am willing to go for the general substitute
and apply it to the whole country. It was well,
perhaps, that the bill as originally introduced
looked only to the New Jersey case, because in
the argument that furnished a striking illustration
of the need for such general legislation, and
though we vote now only to vindicateand sustain
the lights of our own constituencies in other
States, it cannot be long before all New Jersey-
, men will be grateful to us for helping to check
j the power of a selfish and grasping corporation
which has for long years ruled arid controlled
their State with an iron hand.
I demand the previous question.
Mr. BROOMALL. 1 ask the gentleman to
yield to me.
Mr. SCHENCK. I must declinc to yield.
Does the gentleman want to say that ho did not
call it the "elbow route?'5
Mr. BROOMALL. I neither assent nor dis-
sent to what I am not permitted to reply.
Mr. DAWSON moved that the House ad-
journ.
The House divided; and there were—ayes 46,
noes 66.
Mr. MILLER, of Pennsylvania, demanded
tellers.
