2264
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 13,
- Tellers were not ordered.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question.ordered.
Mr. STILES moved that the bill and amend-
mentsbe laid upon the table.
The House divided; and there were—ayes 52,
noes 67r
. Mr. STfiLES demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 54, nays 69; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Arteona, Augustus C. Baldwin, Jacob B.
Blair, Bliss, Urooks3 Broomull, James S; Brown, William
G. Blown, Coffioth, Dawson, Eden, Edgerton, Eldndge,
English, Finck, Grider, Hall, Harding, Hamilton, Ben-
jamin G. Harris, Charles M. Hairis, Heiuck, Hutchins,
Philip Johnson, William Johnson, kalhfloisch, Kernan,
King, Law, Lnzear, Long, Maliory, Marcy, McKinney,
Middlotoii, William H. Miller, James R. Moiris, Nelson,
Noble, John O'Neill, Pendleton, Robinson, Rons, Scott,
Stiles, Strouse, Stuai t, Voorhees, Wadswoith, Waid, Web-
ster, Whaley, Wheeler, and Fernando Wood—54.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson, Ashley
Baily, John D. Baldwin, Maxtor, Rearmin, Houtwoll, Ain
brose W. Clark, Cole, Henry Winter Davis, Demin?, Dnggs,
Fenron, <iarfield,Gooeh,Giinnell, Hale, Higby, Hofehkiss
Asahel VV. Hubbard, John H. Hubluid, llnibnrd, Jonckcs,
Julian, Kasson, Kelley, Fiaucis W. Kellogg, Littloiohn,
Loan, Long) ear, McAllister, MeBride, MeClmpr, Mclndoe,
Samuel F. Millar, Monill, Darnel Moms, Amos Myer*,
Leonard Myers, Noiton, Odell, Chailes O'Neill. Orth, Pat-
terson, Pcrham, Pike, Pomeroy, 1*1 ice, William H. Randall,
Alexander II. Rice, John H. Ittcej^Edward IJ. Rolling
Scheriek, Seofiold, Shannon, StnjJpt'js, Tracy, fJpsnn,
Van Valkenburgh, Ellhu H. Washburne, William R. V\ un-
burn. Wilder, Wilson, Wmdom, Woodbudge, and Yea
man—00,
So the motion was disageeed to.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. PRUYN stated that he was paired o/Twith
Mr. Kkllogg, of New York, who would have
voted for the bill, while he would have voted
against it.
Mr. SPALDING stated that he was paired oil
with Mr. Rogers.
Mr. NORTON stated that Mr. Fahnswortii
was paired off with Mr. J. C. Allkn.
Mr. MiDDLETON stated that Mr. Pkruy
was paired off with Mr. Kenton,and 1V3 r. St t; ku;,
of New Jersey, with Mr. Daus, of New York.
Mr. L. MYERS stated that Mr. TiiAvr.a was
paired off.
Mr. ELIOT stated that he was paired oft* with
Mr. Knapp.
Mr. SWEAT stated that he was paired off with
Mr. Blaine.
The result was then announced as above re-
corded.
The question then recurred upon oidering the
main question to be put.
Mr. SWEAT. J wish to make a suggestion
to gentlemen upon the other side.
Mr. UPSON. I object,
The main question was oicWed to be now put,
which whs upon agreeing to the amendment of-
fered by Mr. Wilson, as follows:
.Suike out all after the enacting clause and insert the
following:
That every railroad company in the United States* whose
road it operated by steam, itSniiecessois >md a.^jgin, be ami
Is hcieby authorized to cajry upon and over i s road, con-
nections, boat-, budge*!, and ferrje*;, a!! tieighf, piop'-rfy,
mails, passengejM, ttoops, and Government rnpplie.< on
then way from one Si.Uu to anothei estate, and to leceive
compensation therelor.
Mi. SWEAT. I hope the gentleman from
Michigan will hear my suggestion.
Mr/UPJSOiV. 1 wiii hear it.
Mr. 1JEOOMALL. 1 object unless I also can
be heaid.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time;nnd b<ing engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time.
M"r. SGHEiNCK. I demand the previous
question upon the passage of*the Lull.
Tin.* previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordeied to be put.
Mr. UTILES. Upon the passage of the bill
I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided in the
affirmative—yeas 63, nays 57; as follows:
YEAS— Mentis Allison. Amox, AmWson, Ashley, Baily,
John D. IJakiv.in, HaMer. Bea.inan, BoutweM. AmbioJe
W. Clark. Cole. Doming, Dngg-. Feiiton>Garheld,Gooch.
GrinneM, Hale, iin.'bv, iiorcliku-1-, Asahel W. Hubbawi^
John II. Hubbaid, Utilbuni, Jei,ekos.Julian, Kas^m, Kri-
ley, Fianeis W. Kelloe-i, Liflh jobn, Loan, bon«yea>, Ale- i
Aihster, MeBnde, McLlui^, Samuel F. Miiki> Mornil, II
Daniel Morris, Amos Myers, Leonard Myers, Norton,
Charles O'Nciii, Oith, Patterson. Perhain, Pike, Pomeroy,
Price, William H. Randall, John' H. Itice, Edwaid H. Rol-
lins, Schenck, Scofield, Shannon, Snnthers, Tiaey, Up-
son, Van Valkenburgb, Eiihu B. Washburne, Wilder, Wil-
son, Windom, Woodbridgc, and Yeamari—63.
NAYS—Me&srs. Alley, Ancona, Augustus C. Baldwin,
Bliss, Brooks, Broomall, James S. Brown, Cox, Dawson,
Eden, Erigei ton, Eldrulge, English, Finck.GrUler,Griswold,
Hall, Harding, Harrington, Benjamin G. Harris, Charles
M. Harris, Herrick, Hooper, Hutchins, Philip Johnson,
William Johnson, Kalbfleisch, Kernan, Law,-Lazear,
Long, Maliory,Marcy, McKinnev, Middleton, William II.
Miller, James R. Morns, Nelson, Noble, Odell, John
O'Neill, Pendleton, Alexander II. Rice, Robinson, tfo*s,
Scott, Sulos, Stiouse, fetuart, Voorhees, Wadswoith,
Ward, William B Washburn, Webster, Whaley, Wheeler,
and Fernando Wood—57,
So the bill was passed.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. SWEAT stated that he should have voted
in the negative, but that he was paired off with
Mr. Blaine.
Mr. JSCHENCK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON moved to amend the title so that
it will read, "A bill to legulate commeice among
the several States."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that the House
adj oum.
'Mr. STILES. I move that whim the House
adjourns it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
The motion was not agreed to.
And then (at five o'clock and forty minutes)
the House adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Eiuday, JHay L'i, 1864.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer by
the Chaplain, Kev. W. H. Ciianning.
The.Tournal of yesterday was lead and approved,
ARMY NEWS.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will lay hefoie
the House the following information,and he sup-
poses the rule in relation to applause will have to
be suspended:
Srorr:*Yr,VANiA CouRT-Ilonst, May 12, 12 in.
Wc have niside a ten-strike to day. Hancock went in at
daylight. He has taken over lour thousand prisoners, and
over'twenty five guns, and is still lighting. Eveiybody is
lighting', <iii(l have i>e< n toi ei^ht day*. We shall hive ihein
t!u> pop, though it may take a day or two more. They
light like devils.
Otu losses ate heavy. Cfinnof say how many. If Augur's
forces vveie hero now we eould linish fhem to day. Han-
cock eaptmed General Neil Johnson and two oilier genei-
aK besides lots of lower giadcs. The old Republic ia fuin.
Bel ynitt pile mi it.
(Joint is a giant and hero in war; but nil our generals are
gallant; and oui men— the woild novel had beitei.
Yours., in na.ste, 1NGALLS.
[Great appkvuse.]
KXIiOOTlVli COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid'
before the House a communication from the Sec-
retary of War, stating, in reply to a resolution of
the House of Representatives of May 9, calling
for a copy of the report of Captain Reynolds's ex-
ploration of the Yellow Stone uver iu I860, that
the chief engineer repoi ts that the document called
for i^ nnt complete, and that Captain Reynolds
has been duecfed to complete it as soon ns the
duties with which he is charged will admit,
counxy in new yokk.
Mr. KEUNAN, by unanimous eons'Mif, from
the Committee on the Judicial y, icported back,
with an amendment, a btll (S. No. 32) to iemu-
late the sessions of the circuit and district courts
for (he northern district of New Yoik, and for
othev puiposes; and asked that it be put on its
passage at this time.
There being no objection, the bill was read in
cztaiso. The amendment of the committee was
to strike out these words, <kand the term of said
circuit court, which is hereby appointed to be
held at the village of Canandaigua m the month
of June next, when it adjourn shall adjourn to
meet at the city of Buffalo on the^third Tuesday
of August."
The amendment was agreed to; and then the
bill, as amended, was ordered to lie read a third
time; and it was accordingly lead the thud time,
and passed.
Mr. KERNAN moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
HOMESTEADS ON CONFISCATED PROPERTY.
Mr. ROLLINS, of Ne& Hampshire, by unan-
imous consent, recorded his vote in favor of the
bdl granting homesteads on confiscated estates in
insurrectionary districts.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from the
Committee on Invalid Pensions, made adverse re-
ports in the following cases; which werelaidupon
the table:
Petition of Mary K. Smith for special pension;
Memorial of SaHie Rodman, widow of General
John P. Rodman;
Petition of Sarah Rommington;
Petition of Ann Shey, asking for a pension on
account of her grandson killed at Gettysburg;
Petition of Sarah H. Dee, widow of Patrick
Dee, for a pension;
Petition of Hannah R. Sumner; and
Petition of Sallie Thomas.
HARRIS WELCII.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the same committee, reported a bill granting a
pension of eight dollars a month to Harris Welch;
which was read a first and second time.
The bill was read in extenso.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was ac-
cordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, moved
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agfeed to.
ISAAC ALLEN.
Mr. PERTIAM, from the Committee on Inva-
lid Pensions, reported a bill to increase the pen-
sion of Isaac Allen, which was read a first and
second time.
The bill was read in extenso. It directs the Sec-
retary of the Interior to increase the pension of
Isaac Allen from one half to a full pension, such
increase to commence on the 26th of April, 1864,
and to continue during his natural life.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr PERHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WILLIAM W. PHELPS, ETC.
Mr. PERHAM, from the same committee, re-
ported back the peLition of William W. Phelps
and James M. Jvavannugh, asking pay as mem-
beis of the Thii ty-Fifth Congress from Minne-
sota duiing the peuod from the commencement
of said Congress to the admission of that State,
and moved that it be leleired to the Committee of
Claims.
Mr. WILSON. That has been passed on twice
by the Committee on the Judiciaiy. 1 do not
know how many other committees it has gone to.
1 move that it be laid upon the table.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not under-
stand how the claim went to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions.
Mr. WILSON. 1 suppose because it was an
invalid claim.
The motion to lay upon the table was agreed to.
THOMAS BOOTH.
Mr. PERHAM, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, reported a bill granting a pension
to Thomas Booth; which was read a first and
second time.
The bill was read in extenso.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the thiid time, and passed.
Mr. PERHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JAMES KEENAN, DECEASED.
Mr. DAWSON. I am dhectcd b> the Com-
mittee on Foreign Afiaiis to icport back HoUk-o
