1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL 6-LOBE.
bill No. 63, to settle tlie account of James Keenan,
late consul at Hong I£ong, China, with the rec-
ommendation that it do pass.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
Secretary of the Treasury is directed to settle the
account of James Keei\an, late consul at Hong
Kong, China, by allowing him $2,801 84, the
amount of judgment in certain cases obtained
against him, and paid by him; and also to pay
him the amount incurred by him in the exchange
between the countries, whatever it may be, and
charge him with any balance on the books of the
Treasury against him, and to pay him the bal-
ance, if any appears in his favor, out of any
money not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. DAWSON. This bill has received the
unanimous approbation of the Committee on For-
eign Affairs. Mr. Keenan, now deceased, was
consul at Hong Kong, China. There arc three
different items or claims, to wit:
1. Relief afforded by him to shipwrecked, des-
titute American citizens for the quarter ending
December 31, 1856. t
2. Moneys expended in defending himself in a
suit brought against him in the colonial court of
Hong Kong, in the case of Lyne & Tye vs. J.
Keenan, Esq.,United States consul,in which the
defendant was sued in Ins official capacity by two
Chinamen claiming certain salvage goods in lieu of
salvage therefor, belonging to the cargo of the
American bark Mermaid, wrecked on thejEratas
shoals.
3. For expenses attendant upon the defense of
his right as United States consul, and in protect-
ing the rights of American citizens in the case of
Rex vs. Keenan, for the alleged rescue of Captain
E. H. Nichols, of the American bark Reindeer,
from custody.
In March, 1856, the American bark Mermaid,
bound from Bombay to Whampoa, was wicckcd
in China waters, and the captain, crew, and a
portion of the cargo were saved by a Chinese
lorcha. The captain of the Mermaid made his
protest of the wreck before the United States
consul at Hong Kong, and an affidavit that the
owners of the lorcha were to receive salvage on
the goods saved, according to the decision of the
United States consular court, and desired the con-
sul to take charge of the goods saved. Acting un-
der " instructions to consuls in relation to wrecks"
from the Department, Mr. ICcenan took charge
of the saved cargo, and sold the same by public
sale. The captain of the wrecked vessel had in
the mean time left Hong Kong, and the owners of
the lorcha, Lyne & Tye, claimed the whole pro-
ceeds of the sale, instead of salvage, and this be-
ing refused by the consul, brought suit against
him and obtained judgment for the whole amount,
with costs.
There is in reality no claim at all. The De-
partment state that they desire to settle his ac-
counts; that there is no question as to the justice
in the case; that they would settle it at once if
they had the authority.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. DAWSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to rcconsidcr on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PUNISHMENT OF COUNTERFEITING, ETC.
Mr. KASSON. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on aUn*formSystemofCoinage, Weights,
and Measures to report a bill to prevent and pun-
ish the counterfeiting of the coin of the United
States. 1 am aware that it is not a private bill,
but it is considered one important to be pasred,
and I ask the consent of the House to report it
now and put it on its passage.
There being no objection, the bill was reported
and icatl a first and second time.
The bill provides a penalty of a fine not exceed-
ing $3,000, and imprisonment not exceeding five
years, or both, in the discretion of the court, for
counteifeiting any of the gold or silver or othei
coins of the country, or for uttering m passing
any token or original device resembling tile coins
of the United States or of any foreign Government,
ARMY SEWS.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understand.-; the
gentleman fiom Illinois [Mr. \Ya'= iimoim.] luisa
dispatch fiom the Army. If theie be no objec-
tion, the business before the House will be sus-
pended to enable him to present it to the House.
There was oo objection.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. With the
permission of the House, I will state briefly the
substance of a dispatch received from Mr. Dana,
Assistant Secretary of War,from thebattle-field,
dated at General Grant's headquarters yesterday'
morning at eight o'clock. He states that during the
night previous Hancock took up a new position
between Wright and Burnside; that at daylight
he attacked him with his usual impetuosity, for-
cing the first and second lines of the enemy, taking
the whole of Major General Johnson's and apart
of Early's divisions prisoners, capturing the rebel
Major General Johnson, Brigadier General John-
son and General George Steuart, together with
forty guns; that Burnside opened at the same
time, and advanced with little opposition, forming
a junction with Hancock; that Wright attacked
at 7.15 a. m. and was now at work. Warren is
demonstrating in front to hold the enemy, who
was strong in front; that the precise number of
prisoners taken is not known, but that they may
be counted by thousands. [Applause.]
PUNISHMENT OF COUNTERFEITING AGAIN.
Mr. KASSON. I ask that the following letter
may be read from the Treasury Department.
The Clerk lead, as follows:
Tkkascry Department, MayH, 1864.
Sir: If Ima been the practice during the last few years
for paities 111 tho gold-producing ie«ions of our country to
issue coins ol gold largely alloyed with the silver natuially
picseiit. The device* on these jiteecs, in most instances-,
arc in close imitation of those on the legal coin, and they
pass cunent lo a oon-ideiable extent in the far West, al-
though much below the jnolessed value.
In the Atlantic cities a laigo amount of cent tokens have
been Ktued bj ptivat" paiti"^ and aie now m circulation.
Tin? i-s>ue by pnvate prunes of corns homing a elo- o re-
semblance to the coin* of the United Slates, is a icprchen-
hible practice, and is inpmou* to the public inteie^. It
theiefoie seems piopei that some proviMou should be made
by law to prohibit it. To tlus> oml I submit the accompany-
ing draft ol a hill for the coriMd'-ratioii of your committee
and «uch actum as they may think proper.
I am, veiy ret-pectlully, P. CIIASE,
Secretaiy of the Treasury,
Hon. John A. Kasson', Chairman Committee on Coinage,
House oj Rcpi csentahvcs.
Mr. BROOKS. Is this a regular report from a
committee?
Mr. KASSON. It is.
Mr. IlllOOlCS. In the first place I desire to
call the attention of the members from California
and Oiegon to this bill, for it concerns them more
than it does my section of the country. If it is
satisfactory to them I will not object to it; but it
strikes me that §3,000 fine and five years'impris-
onment is a pretty severe penalty for the circula-
tion of gold tokens, which atone time, if not now
in California and on the Pacific coast, were used
for business purposes.
Mr. SHANNON. I say to the gentleman from
New Yoik that that time has passed.
Mr. BROOKS. If the bill is satisfactory to the
gentleman from the Pacific coast I will not object
; to it.
I Mr. SHANNON. I think this is a very proper
I bill, and 1 hope the House will pass it. We have
j a mint at Sail Francisco, the capacitiesof which,
1 it is true, are not sufficient for the wants of our
S commeice; but with the additional machinery
( which I have no doubt Congress will give us an
appropriation to purchase, it will be quite sufli-
i cient, so far as Califormais concerned. Itis also
I asked that a mint be established in Oregon and
' another in Nevada. If that he done, the facili-
1 ties for furnishing all the United States coin re-
! quired for commercial purposes on the Pacific
! coast will be ample.
it is true that in the earlier history of that coun-
try it became necessary for private parties to en-
gage in stamping com for cuculation; but that
day has p;iss<-d. There may be still some little
difficulty ill Nevada. I think Congress should
establish a mint there; but if not, they will have
i to supply themselves from California. I think
[! the bill is a pioper one.
j Mr. ELIOT. I wish to ask whether, if this
| bill be passed in us present shape, it will not pic-
' vent the comoge of money altogether? Til is pro-
j vides a punishment for coinage without discrim-
'! uuting by whos'e authority it is done.
Mi. liASnON, It was not oi'i'ouisotbe inlcn-
ii tion of ■ he bill, nor do 1 think it is it., eiteot. Gov-
ernment does its own coinage still, while thiS;btU
prevents fictitious coinage. I .have no objection,
however, to an amendment which shall nrak« if,
clearer. . - . t
Mr. ELIOT. I am afraid.it is just thatthing.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman mbye
an amendment? .
Mr. ELIOT. I would rather that the gentletnafJ
who reported the bill should suggest an .amend*
ment. I will, however, move to insert after the
word "persons," in the first liQe,the words "ex-
cept as authorized by law."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. KASSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table. f
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that when the.House
adjourns it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
Mr. PRICE. Upon that I call for the yeas
and nays.
Mr. WILSON. I ask for tellers upon the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. WILSON. I ask for tellers on the adop-
tion of the motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Price and Mr.
Pruyn were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—-
ayes 05, noes 34.
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. KNAPP moved to reconsider the vote last
taken; and also moved to lay the motion to re-
consider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CONTESTED-ELECTION CASE KENTUCKY.
Mr. SMITHERS, from the Committee of Elec-
tions, to which was referred the memorial of
John II. McHenry, jr., contesting the_seat of
Hon. George H. Yeaman as Representative from
the second congressional district of Kentucky,
made a report thereon, accompanied by the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That Genuje II. Yeaman is entitled to a seat
in tins House as a-Ueiiieseniativc from the second con-
gressional district of tlic State of Kentucky in tho Thirty-
EigiHll Congress.
The report was laid on the table and ordered
to be printed, with leave to the minority to make
a report and have it printed at the same time.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from Delaware
has omitted, in making the report, the usual cor-
responding decision that the contestant is not en-
titled to a seat. It should be added to the report.
Mr. SMITHERS. Wc did not report such a
resolution, under the decision made a day or two
since by the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The opinion of the Chatr
is that a second resolution is not necessary, al-
though it is usual to have it reported. If the first
resolution is carried, the claim of the contestant
falls.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. GARFIELD. I rise to a personal expla-
nation, which will consume but a moment. I wish
to say that the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Fenton] has just handed me a dispatch from Mr.
Steele, of New Jersey, saying he understood
that he was paiied, on the Xiaritan railroad bill,
with myself. Having seen that I voted, he is
evidently surprised that I should have voted. The
understanding was, when he asked me to pair
with him, that Mr. Fehton had arranged a pair,
and, if that pair failed, he requested me to pair
with him. Mr. Fenton, however, did not inform
me that me pair had failed, and therefore 1 con-
sidered myself not paired.
Mr. ASHLEY. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. L. Myers] distinctly stated yes-
terday that one of his colleagues was paired with
Mr. Steele, of New Jersey.
Mr. FENTON. When Mr. Steele had some
conversation with me in reference to his pair, 1
said 1 would pair hitn with Mr. Marvin, who left
for New Yoik for ten days or so. He soid«-thttt
woi,id be \ery satisfactory, uuless Mr. Makhn
would vote oil the same side with him on the
