1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 85, noes 30.
the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time.
Mr. TH-AITER demanded the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the bill was passed.
Mr. THAYER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
iay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MISSOURI CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. UPSON. I rise to a question of privilege.
I call up the report of the Committee of Elections
in the case of Lindsay vs. Scott. I ask for the
reading of the resolution reported by the commit-
tee.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That Jolm G.Scott is entitled toretam his scat
in this House as a Representative from tiie thud congres-
sional district of Mibsouii.
Mr. UPSON. Mr. Speaker, f do.not intend to
detain the House by any speech on this case. Mr.
Scottis not piesent, owing to sickness in his fam-
ily; and at this stageof the session it is not neces-
sary to postpone the case on his account. The
Committee of Elections were unanimous in this
report. I will say that if the contestant had pre-
pared his evidence in better shape and more pre-
cisely, the result might have been different, i
demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question oidered; and under the operation
thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. UPSON moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I am directed by the Commit-
tee of Elections to submit the following resolu-
tion:
Resolve.7, That there be paid out of the continent fund
of the House to James Lindsay, in lull tor time spent and
expenses lm-tttred iti contesting rh« nzhc of John G, Scott
to a scat m thio Hou^e a* a RepiObentauve from the third
congressional district of Missotni, the umi.U mileage of a
member for one session, and like monthly compensation
from the commencement of the session to the date of the
passage of this resolution.
Mr. IIOLMAN. Iwishtoinqu ire of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts whether there was
any division of the committee tn this case?
Mr. DAWES. The committee were unani-
mous in the leport made in tins case; but the
committee were- also unanimous that the contest-
ant acted in good faith, and that there was good
gi ound for contest.
Mr. HOLMAN. I think that this resolution
ou^ht to go to the Committee of Elections.
Air. DAWES. I am directed by the commit-
tee to submit this resolution.
Mr. MALLORY. I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts to yield to me for the purpose of
moving to insert the name of John S. Sleeper, of
.Massachusetts.
Mr. DA WES. 1 do notknow that I can yield,
acting as I am under the instructions of the Com-
mittee of Elections.
Mr. MALLORY. Does not the gentleman
know that there was more ground for Mr. Sleeper
contesting the nght to a seat of his colleague,
Mr. Rice, than for Mr. Lindsay to contest the
seat of Mr. Scott, of Missouri5
Mr. DAWES I was in favor of granting com-
pensation to Mr. Sleeper, and 1 urged his case
upon the House, but the House rejected the reso-
lution. I can hardly permit the amendment to
corne in now.
Mr. STEVENS. Has not the Sleeper case
been adjudicated?
Mr. DAWE8. It stukes me so. I wish the
House had voted differently.
Mr. GANSON. As a member of the Com-
mittee of Elections I ask the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts to let the amendment come in.
Mr. MALLORY. If the gentleman will with-
draw the demand for the previous question I will
i-f-new 31.
Mr. DAWES. If i wero not situated ss 1 am
I would permit the amendment to come in. My
opinion is that the House did not do right by Mr.
Sleeper. If the House desires to vote on the
amendment it can vote down the demand for the
previous question.
The House divided; and there were—ayes 44,
noes 57.
Mr, WILSON demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Dawes and
Mallory were appointed.
The House again divided, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes thirty-nine, noes not counted.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. MALLORY. I move to insert the name
of John S. Sleeper, of Massachusetts, and that he
shall receive both pay andmileage up to the date
of the decision of his case.
Mr. FRANK. Mr. Speaker, I will say a word
with the permission of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky. it seems to me these contested-election
cases should be settled differently and definitely.
As it is these contestants receive more pay than
the members who sit here duting the entire ses-
sion. I do not object to compensating a man
who has a good case of contest, but 1 would not
pay them more than members who come here and
remain every day for six and seven months. If
we are absent we have eight dollars a day de-
ducted from our pay during that absence. Take
the case of Mr. Sleeper. He lias not been here
for many months. So with the contestants whose
cases were acted upon the other day. They re-
ceive pay whether they are here or not. There
should be a different plan adopted in regard to
them. They have been here thick and fast at
this Congress, and they may be thicker at the
next Congress, and we are paying these congres-
sional disuicts for two members more than the
compensation that we receive, if this resolution
could be amended in such a way that a fairamount
shall be paid to them, I shall have no objection.
Mr. MALLORY. I ask foa*the reading of the
resolution as 1 propose to amend it.
The Cleik read (he resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That there ho paid out of the contingent fund
of the House to James land^a} and John S. Sleeper, in lull
for tune spent and expenses inclined v\ hile contesting the
right of John G. Seott and Ah'uuidei II. Rice to seats m
this Hou^e of Representatives, respectively, Irom the third
congressional di>lnct of Jlivimri and the third district of
Mas&ciehiisottis, the Usual mileage of a member for one.ses-
sion, and monthh compensation liom The commence-
ment ol the session to the date ot the passage of the reso-
lutions declaring them not entitled to seat*.
Mr. MALLORY. That is the shape in which
I wish the resolution submitted to the House. 1
will say to the gentleman from .New York, be-
fore I call the previous question, that I would
cheerfully agree to any arrangement by which
justice and fairness could be arrived at in every
case of this kind. I think, myself, we have acted
precipitately in many cases, and have sometimes
given more than the individuals were entitled to
p!Operly,and in some cases less. If the Com-
mittee of Elections will introduce some resolu-
tion prescribing a rule for the action of the House
in cases of this kind, I will very cheerfully con-
sider that resolution in the light of the best in-
formation I can bring to bear upon it.
Mr. WILSON. 1 would suggest to the gen-
tleman from Kentucky that he modify hisamend-
ment so as to require the same deduction to be
made for absence as is made in reference to mem-
bers of Congress,
Mr. MALLORY. I do notsuppose that mat-
ter could very well be arrived at. These gentle-
men certainly were not in the House every day.
Their presence in the House is not required at
all. They may have been m Washington, but
out of the House, preparing: testimony in their
cases, and wotkmg as mdusHiously as if they
had been in the Hall.
Mr. WILSON. It would be considered as
constructive presence if they were engaged in
preparing their cases. In one of the cases from
Missouil—the cuoG of Price rs. McClurg—Price
received a very largp amount, and yet he was not
hen.1 attending to his case one thud of the tune
for which he was paid. I do not think we ought
to give full pay in cases of that kind.
Mr. UPSON. I wish to say that in the case
of Scott and Lindsay the parties weie engaged
one or two months in inking testimony di.nng
the session, and since that time Mr. Lindsay has
been hue, 1 believe, in attendance up to ivithiri
a very few days. By a stipulation between him
and the sitting member the time for taking testi-
mony was extended, so that January and Febru-
ary were consumed in that matter. In that man-
ner it happened that testimony was taken during
the session.
In reference to the case of Sleeper, I voted to
pay him when the matter was formerly before
the House, considering that he made the content
in good faith,as_I think Lindsay did. I con-
ceive that had Lindsay prepared his case with
more care, and made it more specific, he might
perhaps have produced a different result, but as
the evidence stood there was no other conclusion
to which the committee could come. The com-
mittee, therefore, consider that he prosecuted his
claim in good faith, and is entitled to the com-
pensation under the rule, which is to pay mile-
age and a monthly compensation of $250 from the
commencement of the session. I believe Lind-
say reduced the majority of the sitting'member
down to sixty, thus making it a very close case.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 raise a point of order on
the resolution. I think we have a rule of this
House explicitly providing that when a subject
has been once acted upon it shall not be again
acted upon by the same Congress.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state that
that rule applies to a resolution indefinitely post-
poned. That could not be called up and acted
upon by the House, but it could if it came up in
a different shape. This resolution provides a
different compensation from the former one.
Mr. MALLORY. I demand the previous
question on the amendment.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam questiori'brdered, being fust upon Mr. Mal-
LOKy's amendment.
Mr. WASHBUR.NE, of Illinois, demanded
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered. .
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affii mative—yeas 68, nays 66, not voting 48;
as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. William J. Allen, Aneona, Bnilv, Au-
gustus C\ Baldwin, Blame, Bliss, Brooks, JamesS. nunvn.
William G. Brown, Chanler, CofTroth, Cravens, D.iwcs,
Dawfon, Kdeii,Edy:erton, Rldridjre, Fmck,Gfii!8on,Gooeh,
Glider, Griswold, Hale, Hardin?,. Harrington* Benjamin G.
Harris, Hcirick, IJolman, Philip Johnson, William John-
son, K.ilbflet^ch, Kei nan, Knapp, Law, Lnze.ir, Le Blond,
liOnc, Mallory. Marcy, Marvin, McAllister, McDowell,
Jame*. R. Morris, Moirison, Nelson, Noble, Udell, John
0JNetlt,Piuyn, Radford, Samuel J. Randal), Robinson.Host!,
John Q. Steele, William G. Steele, Stiles, Strou^e, Stuait,
Sweat, Thayei, Thomas, Tracy, Upson, Ward, William
B. Wat-hhuriij Webster, Joseph W. White, and Fernando
Wood—6b.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Arnold, Ashley,
John I). Baldwin, Baxter Beaman, Blair, Blow, Bouuvell,
Boyd, Broomall, AmhioscW.Clark, Freeman Clarke, Cobb,
Cole, Thomas T- Davis. Peming, Dixon. Donnelly, Eeklev,
Eliot, Far iih worth. Fen ton, Fiank, Gai field, Hijihy, ilotch-
kibs, Amabel VV. Hubbard, John II. Hubbaid, llulinud,
Jeneke«, Julian, Francis W, Kellogg, Oihmdo Kellogg,
Knox, Lmlejohn, Longyear, Samuel F. Miller, Moorheacl,
Daniel Morris, Amos Myers, Leonard Mu'N. Noiton,
Charles U'NeilL Ulth. Patterson, Peiham. Piiv , Pomeiov,
I'rice, John II. Itice, Edward H. Rollins. Schem k. Seofiehl,
Shannon, Sloan. Smithes,Spalding, Steven-*, Vmi VnSken-
bmgh,Ehhu B. Washburne, Williams, Wilson, and U'ni-
dom—08.
NOT VOTING — Messrs. James C. Allen, Andej&on,
Brandegoe, Clay, Cox, Cresvvell, Henry Winter Davis,
Denwm, lJri<Z2>, Pumorit,English, Giinnell, Hall,Charles
M. Harris, Hooper, Hutchms Fngersol!, Kasson. Keiley,
Kinu, Loan, Me Bride, MeClutg, MelndoejMelCimiHy^Jid
dleton, Wilnam II. Miller, Moirill, Pendleton, Peny, Wil-
liam 11. Randall, Alexander H. Rice, Rogers, Jamon S.
Rollins, Seott, Smith, Starr, StebbiiH, Vooiitees, Wads-
worth, Whaiey, Wheelei, Chilton A. White,Wilder, Wm-
fielu, Benjamin Wood, Woodbridge, ami XV a man—48.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The question rccurred on agreeing to the reso-
lution as amended.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded
the ye* s and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the aflii mative—yeas 71, nays 59, not voting 5'Ji
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs William J. Alien. Aneona. Buily, Ajigu.s-
tu? C. Baldwin, Blaine, Bliss, Blow, Brooks, James S.
Biown, William G. Brown, Chatiier, Cwlfiorij. Cmvens-,
l>aw("-, Dawson, Denison, Eden, Gdgerton, Kidridg<',Gan-
s.nn„ G.ioi h, Gilder, Hale, Harding, Benjamin G. Ham*,
lieiuck, I'inhn John>on, William Johnson, Raihfietsch,
Kein;m, Kuapp. Knox, Law, Lazoar, Long, M.tlloiy,
Maiey, Marvin, McAllister, McBnde, McClurg, James, It.
Morris, Moiiifeon, Nelson, Noble, Odell, John O'Neill,
Piuui, Rad/ord, Samuel J. Randall, John H. Rice, Rohm
bOii, James* S. Roll in'-, Ro-s, Shannon, J ohn B. Siftcle.W il-
liam G. Steele, Stiles, Snouse, Stuart, Suetu, Tliayei,
