1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1280
B. Washburn, Clnlton A. White, Joseph W. White,Wilder,
Benjamin Wood, Fernando Wood, and Woodbiidge.
The SPEAKER. The Doorkeeper will now
closc the doors, and the Clerk will call the roll for
the purpose of receiving cxcuses for absentees.
The doors were closed.
Mr. ROSS. I would inquire if a quorum have
answered to their names.
The SPEAKER. One hundred and three mem-
bers have answered.
Mr. ROSS. I move that all further proceed-
ings under the call be dispensed with.
The motion was not agreed to.
The Clerk then proceeded to call the names of
the absentees for cxcuses.
James C. Allen. No excuse offered.
William J. Allen.
Mr. KNAPP. My colleague has been absent
from the House on business nearly two weeks,
I think with leave of the House, though X am not
certain. I move he be excused.
The motion being lost on a division,
Mr. KNAPP demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STEVENS. I did not hoar the excuse
given by the gentleman.
Mr. KNAPP. I am not certain whether he
had leave of absence, but he is in Illinois to-day,
011 business impeuuively demanding his presence
there.
Mr. STEVEN'S. Js his family ill?
Mr. KNAPP. I do not know. I understood
the necessity of his leaving on business was im-
perative two weeks ago. I have nothing further
to say.
Mr. STEVENS. I think, under that state-
ment, we had better excuse him, and not make it
a matter of contest.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the yeas and nays were
ordered.
The motion to reconsider prevailed.
The yeas and nays were then refused.
The question rocuired on the motion to excuse
Mr. Allen*, and it was agreed to.
Sydenham E. A^coSa.
Mr. PENDLETON. I move thatMr. Ancona
bo excused, as he is absent from the city.
The motion was agreed to.
Is uc N. Arnold.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of llli nois. Mr. Arnold
is confincd to his room and bed by veiy severe
indisposition. I move he be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
Jacob B. Blair.
Mr. WASIIUURNE, of Illinois. He has had
leave of absence granted him by the House.
Mr. PRUYN. That of itself is an excuse.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would so decide
Weie it not that his leave of absence commences
to-morrow insn ad uf to-dav.
Mr. PRUYN. To-day being Good Friday, I
think we ought to excuse him, and I move ho be
excused.
The motion was agreed to.
SeMPROXIUS pi. boyd.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I move he be ex-
cused. I have no doubt he has a good excuse,
though I do not know what it is. [Laughter.]
J call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. STEELE, of New Jersey, demanded tell-
ers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not oidered.
The motion was not agreed to.
William G. Brown.
The SPEAKER, Mr. Brown has leave of
absence.
Alexander II. Coffroth. No excuse offered.
Samuel S. Cox.
Mr. BLTSS. I ought to state to the House
that Mr. Coffrotii went to Philadelphia to at-
tend a general convention of the State which was
held yesterday.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the excuse
comes too late, as another name has been called.
Mr. PENDLETON. 1 have been informed
that Mr. Cox went to Ohio for the benefit of lus
health. I move he be excused.
Mr. STEVENS. Was Mr. Cox much out of
health ?
Mr. PENDLETON. I am" not prepared to
answer the question whether he was much out of
health; but l think he would improve it by going
for that purpose, and I understand he has gone
for that put pose. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 62, nays 30; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Anderson, Ashley, Baiiy, Augus-
tus C. Baldwin, John B. Baldwin, Francis P. Blair,Bliss,
Blow, Boutwell, Brandegee, Broomall, James S. Brown.
Chanlci, Ambiose W. Clark, Freeman Claike,Thomat> T'.
Davis, Henry C. Doming, Ee.klpy5T]nir)ish,Griswo!d, Half,
Harding, Benjamin G. Hani?, diaries M. Hams, Merrick,
Hooper, Hotebkiss, John H. Hubbard, Hulburd, Kavsou,
Knapp, Law, Marey, McBride, Moorhead, Morrison, Nel-
son, Noble. Norton, John O'Neill, Pendleton, Piuyn, Iiad-
ford, William IJ. Randall, Rogers, Ross, Scofield. Spalding,
Stebbin<=, William G. Steele, Sweat, Thomas, Tracy, Van
Valkeubui^h, Voorhees, Wadswoith, ElihuB. Washburne,
Wlkiley, Wheeler, and Wmfield—62.
NAYS—Allison, Ames, Baxter, Beaman, Blame,
Cobb, Donnelly, Dugsrs, Dumont, Ehot, Frank, Gaiiaon,
Gailield. Ilieby, Kellcy, Francis W. Kellogg, McOlurg,
Samuel F. Millci, MornH, Orth, X'erham, Pomcroy, Price,
Shannon, Smithers, Stevens, Upson, Williams, Wilson,
and Windom—30.
So Mr. Cox was excused.
During the roll-call,
Mr. ASHLEY said; As I understand my col-
league had to go to the Democratic convention,
I vote "ay."
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. As the gen-
tleman's colleague says that he is absent on ac-
count of his health, I vote to excuse him.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. In con-
sideration that the gentleman's illness is much
more severe than I had supposed, I change my
vote to "ay."
The result of the vote was announced as above
recorded.
John A. J. Creswell.
Mr. WEBSTER. My colleague, Mr. Cres-
well, is absent from his seat, and has been for a
day or two. A distinguished gentleman, who was
a member of this House not lonp-since, would
say he had gone to "foreign parts.99 He has gone
to the Eastern Shore. I move that he be excused.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. HALE, (at ten minutes after three o'clock,
p.m.) It ia manifest that we will do no more busi-
ness to-day, and hems* Good Friday, Imove that
the House do now adjourn.
The question was taken; and there were—ayes
3G, noes 5-1.
So the House lefuscd to adjourn.
Henry Winter Dai is. No excuse offered.
Henry L. Dawes. Absent on leave.
John L. Dawson.
Mr. BLISS. J make the same statement which
I attempted to make in reference to another gen-
tleman, in boli.i!*' of Mr. Dawson. He is absent
attending the general convention of the State of
Pennsylvania, which was held at Philadelphia
yesterday. He has not yet returned, but will
probably be back to-murrow. i move that he be
excused.
The motion was agreed to.
CifAKLLS DF.nison.
Mr. O'NEILL, of Ohio. I desire to say in
behalf of Mr. Denison, that he has been com-
plaining of ill-health for some days past, and I
think that is probably the cause of his absence,
although I am not able to state" it positively. I
move that he be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
NathF. Dixon.
Mr. ELIOT. Mr. Dixon left the city some
days ago on account of sickness which rendered
it necessary for him to go home. I move that j
he be excused. j
The motion was agreed to. |
John It. Eden. No excuse offered. \
Joseph K. Edgehton. !
Mr. HOLMAN. Aly colleague is confined to ;
his loom by Mcknuss, and has been for some time ,
past, i. move that he be excused. j
Mr. WILSON: I 1-ife to a question of order. ,
The g'Mitleman from Indiana was not in the Hull
when Ins name was called,and therefore is now i
absent and cannot make a motion. [Laughter.] '
Mr. HOLMAN. By refeiring to the record 1
the gentleman will find that 1 answered to my
name when it was called. ;
Mr. WILSON. I saw the gentleman looking '
through one of the doois after the doois wcie
directed to be closed. ;
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
by the record the gentleman appears to be present.
Mr. HOLMAN. Yes, sir, I was present, al-
though apparently absent. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair instructed the
Doorkeeper to admit any member who had an-
swered when his name was called; but that be-
fore admitting any member after the doors had
been closed he must-consult the record to ascertain
if he had answered to his name. .
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the gentleman
be absent, and that the Doorkeeper be held to his
duty. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman was not
present when his name was called, he is not right-
fully in the House.
Mr.HOLMAN. i answered to my name'when
it was called, and i now move that Mr. Edger-
ton be excused.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman states that
he was present when his name was called, and
answered.
Mr. HOLMAN. i was present when the call
took place, and left the Hall immediately after-
wards.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts, I recol-
lect distinctly that the gentleman from Indiana was
present when the roll was called.
Mr. HOLMAN. I was present, and I now
make the motion to excuse my colleague.
The motion was agreed to.
Charles A. Eldridge.
Mr. BROWN,of Wisconsin. Nomemberhaa
been more constantly in attendance than my col-
league, [Mr. Eldridge.] For that reason i con*
elude he must be strongly indisposed, or he would
be here. I move that he be excused.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Do I under-
stand the gentleman to say that his colleague was
indisposed to be here?
Mr, BROWN, of Wisconsin. I say that there
has been no member more constantly in his seat
than my colleague, and 1 draw the inference, from
the fact that he is not here now, that he is indis-
posed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Indisposed
to be here?
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. I did not say
that. I do not know why he is not here, but he
is almost constantly present when the House i 
m session, and therefore iask that he be cxcused,
I demand the yeas and nays.
The yens and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 53, nays 39; as follows:
YEAS—Mcsis. Alley, Ashley, Baily, Augustus C. Bald-
win, Fumei-j P. Blair, Blif-s, Blanks, Bioomall. James S.
Blown, Cluinler, Clay, Ciavens, EekJov, English, Gannon,
ftndei, GriMvold, Harding', Benjamin Gr. Hams,Charles M.
JIarri-5, HVruck, Holman, .John H Hubbard, Huiburd. Kalb-
ileKeh', K napp, Law, Marey, Momson, Nelson, Noble. John
O'Noill, Pendleton, l'orij, Pruyn, Uad.ord, William H.
Randall. iLo^n*, Uo^s, Scofield, Spalding, Stelmins, John
B. Steele, WilliamG Steele. Stuart, Sweat, Thomas, T a-
cy, Voorhoes, Wadaworii), Wobatej, WUeclci, uad Win-
field—53.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames. Baxter. Beaman, Bout-
well, Brandegce, Ambrose W. (Jlaik, tfieeman Clarke,
Cobb, Cole, Doming.Donnelly, Driggs, Eliot, Frank, Gar-
field,'High}*, Hooper, KHley, Fiaueis W. Kellogg, Loan,
Longyear, MeCJuig, Samuel F. Miller, Mooihead.Morriil,
Norton,Oith, Pomi'ioy, Prieu, Shannon.SiiiiUit'ib, Stevens,
Up«on, Van Valkonburgh, Ehhu B. Wa&hburne, Williams,
Wilson, and Windom—39.
So Mr. Eldridge was cxcused.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, it is very evi-
dent that the House does not desire to do busi-
ness. I move that the House do new adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Reuben E. Fenton. Absent on leave.
William E. Fincjc. Absent on leave.
Daniel W. Goocii. No excuse offered.
Josiah B. GunrxELL. Absent on leave.
William A. Hall. No excuse offered.
A&aiill W. Hubbard.
Mr. PRICE. My colleague, Mr. Hubbard,
has been confined to his room for weeks by ery-
sipelas. I move that he be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
John H. Hubbard.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut. I desire to
say, sir, that 1 this morning received a letter from
Hon. T. 13. Butler, one of the chief justices of my
State, lequestjng me ro appeal befoie the Supreme
Couit ofUieUnited States and procure an appear-
ance to be entered in a case in which he was in-
terested. Not being acquainted with the clerk of
