3242
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 24,
Thomas, Tracy, Upson. Ward, Wilham 15. Washburn,
Webster, Wlialt y, VVmheld, ami Pcinando SVood—71.
NAYS—Messrs. Alb y, Allison, Ame-<. Audeisou, AUioId,
Ashley, John D. Baldwin, Baxter. Beaman, BoutwcH,
Brooiriail, Auibiose VV. Clatk, Freeman Clarke, Cobb, Cole,
Thomas T.Davis, Deming, Dixon. Donnelly, Ecklev, Eliot,
F.iriif worth, Finck, Frank, Gatfield. fli by, Hotcbki-s,
Asahel VV. Hubbard, John 11. Hubbard, Uullmrd, Jenckes,
Julian, Francis W. Kellogg, Orlando K>J}o<*2, LittJejolm,
Eongyear, Samuel F. Miiler, iMooihead, Daniel Morr^,
Amos Myers, Leonard Myeis. ISotton, Charles O'Neill.
Ortb, Pike, Pomeroy, Price, Edward II. Rollins, kchenck,
Sconeld, Sloan, Smithers, Spalding, Slovens, Van Vnlk-
cnburgh, Elihu B. Wushbume, Williams, Wilson, and
Window—59.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. James (\ Alien, filmr, floyd,
Rrnndegee, Clay, Cox, Creswell, Henrv Winter Davis
Driggs.Dumom, English, Foitton, Grinnell, Griswold, Hall,
Harrington, Charles M. ilnrris, Holman, Hooper, Hutchin.s,
Ing>;rsoIl, Kassou, Kciley, King, Le Blond, Loan. iNIcDow
ell. Mclndoc, McKuincy, Middleton, William II. Miller,
Morrill. Patterson, Pendleton, Perham, Perry, William IT.
Randall, Alexander H. Rice, Rogers, Scott, Smith, Stair,
Slabbing, Vomliees, Wadsworth, Wheeler, Chilton A.
White, Joseph W. White. Wilder, Renjaimn Wood, Wood-
bridire, nnii Yea/nan—52.
So the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. MALLORA moved to reconsider the vote
by which the lesolution was adopted; and also
moved tu lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The luiter motion was agreed to.
PAY OF CONTESTANTS.
Mr. ODELL asked the consent of the House
to intioduce the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee of'EIeetions be instructed
to report a bill which shall fix a proper scale of compensa-
tion tbi contestants to seats in this body, the provisions of
which shall fully indemnify foi expenses actually incurred
m presenting then chums to seats, but not to atfoctanv who
limy now be claimant^.
Mr. STEVENS. I object.
PRIVATE! BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER staled that th e business hi oi -
der was ilie call of committees for rtpoitK of a
private nature.
Mi. STEVENS. I move tliAt j ri\>u<  business!
he (1 isjtensed with for the balance of the day for
the jMiipo.M- of taking up the Pacific railroad bill.
MILITARY OFFICERS IN CONGRESS.
Mr. DAWES, f rise to a question of privilege.
I eull up ilie ieportof the Committee of Elections
upon die military ftppoinlnx nts of members of
this House. [ nsk that the resolutions reported
Lorn the committee may he read.
The resolutions were rend, as follows:
lirsnh cd, That I'obcit C. Schenck. having resigned the
ofliee of major geneial of volunteers, which he then held,
on the IHth day of November, 18GJ,which resignation was
accepter! November M\, im:iy to uke effect December 5,
l&Ki, was not, by reason of having held such office, dis
qualified fiom holding a seat ns a Rcptesentative in the
Thlrtv Eighth Congress, whose first session commenced on
the 7iti day ot December, 1803.
RaolfC'l, That Francis P. Blair, jr.,by continuing to hold
the office of major general of volunteer, to which he was
appointed Nov  tuber H9, 1863, and to discharge the dune*
thereof till January 1, IKM, the date of his resignation, did
thereby decline and disqualify himself to hold theotiice of
Kepirsentatlve in the Thirty Eighth Cougiess, tim first ses-
Mon of winch commenc-d on the 1st Monday in December,
lean.
Mr. DAWES. I now ask (he previous ques-
tion on the resolutions, unless some gentleman pro-
poses to debate them.
Mr. STEVENS. It seems to me that a very
important principle is involved in the resolutions
which imve been reported fiom the Committee of
Elections, revei sing the established practice of thr-
House heretofore. I do not know at any rate
why the committee .should have brought before
the House the case of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Schenck.] There is no contest 111 reference
to the seat held by him here. His name lias not
been mentioned at all in this connection except in a
communication from the 1'iosident incidentally,
as coupled with that of another gentleman, but
t here has no question been raised iifreference to his !
seat. Now, as u, the other question which has been !
deeded by the Committee of Elections, that tiie.
seats of members! of this House should be vacated
in consequence of holding military commissions,
I had supposed that tiie principle had been fol-
lowed that a peison elected as a member of this
House could properly continue to hold a com-
mission as an officer 111 the volunteer force until
he was sworn in as a member of Congress, or
that he might hold it until he had made his elec-
tion whether he would hold the commission or
the seal, but lli.it when he camc here and took
his seat as a member of Congress he would va-
cate his commission.
Mr. EARNSWOIITH. I ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania if lie does not ihmk a man
makes his election when lie exercises the duties
of his officer
Mr. STEVENS. I do. I think ihe very mo-
ment a man takes his seat here m the House he
is no longer a major general.
Mr. FARNSWOETH. Suppose he was ex-
ercising the duties of major general on the 4th
of March when the Congress commenced, would
that vacate his right as a member of Congress?
Mr. STEVENS I will reply to the gentle-
man if I can have the opportunity.
Mr. DAWES. Lei me say to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania that the report of ihe Com-
mittee of Elections upholds his opinion precisely.
The gentleman will excuse me for saying that'if
he had read the report of the committee he would
not object to the resolutions we have reported.
Mr. STEVENS. I did not know that it was
to be called up to-day, and have not read the re-
port.
Mr. DAWES. I do not want to press this
repoit ugainst ihe wish of the House, if the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania or any gentleman de-
siies its postponement.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 would prefer that some
time should be given for its consideration. It in-
volves n great principle.
Mr. DAWES. It does involve a great princi-
ple, and one that ought to be settled.
Mr. STEVENS. I should prefer time to con-
sider for a few days. |
Mr. DAWES. 1 do not know when that few I
days will end at this stage of the session. If the ;
House will grant a reasonable time to dispose of !
the matter hereafter, that is all I want. \
The SPEAKER. The Chair will say that the 1
gentleman from Massachusetts can call his reso-
lution up any lone as a question of privilege.
Mr. DAW ES. Very well, 1 will call it up
Monday at one o'clock.
: up on
PACIFIC RAILROAD. j
Mr. SI EVENS, 1 now move to dispense with
private business foi the i< niamuYr of lite day for i
the. purpose of taking up the Pacific railroad bill.
PENNSYLVANIA CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege. I call up the contested-election case of
Kline and Myers. I suppose it will consume but
little time in disposing of it, and the parties are
both anxious to have it disposed of.
Mr. STEVENS. Does that, prevent a motion
before the House from being put ?
The SPEAIvER. It does. Itis a question of
privilege aflecting the right of members to their
seats in this House.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I ask that the report and
resolutions may he read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
The Committee ot Elections, to whom was leferred the
memoiuil ot John Kline, eon testing the light of lion. Leon-
ard Myeif. t<> a seat m the Tiiu tv-Eighih Congress as a Rep-
resentative from the ihird district ot the State of Pennsyl-
vania, and piaying to he admitted to the sante himself,
having consider'd tie: same, and ihe evidence submitted in
rcjerence thereto, nvpeotlully Mibimt the following leport:
ihe contestant, by his own acknowledgment, has tailed
to substantiate the specifications or ehafges contained m
(a& notice ot content by any evidence tie has been able to
lay belore the committee, and )t is thciefore unnecessary
to make anj statement of the farts m the ca=e. He. how-
ever, iornihle's s.iU-,!',ictor> evidence that lie had made an
unsuccessful efton to procure a recount ot the ballots v\ ithm
the sixty days allowed for ttie taking of depositions, and
belore the othceu selected tor that pmpose. And upon his
showing this fa< t, and upon his futther su^e^non that the
result ol aiecount might possibly differ from the first, he
bases an application tor an order fioni this House to send
tor the boxes and iceuunt the votes
The committer were ot opinion that Mich an application
should be tounded upon some pioot, sufficient, at least, to j
rais>ea pie^umptkm of mistake, nregularity,or fiaud in the !
ouginal count, and ought nor to be gi anted upon the mere i
! suggestion ot po.-sible error. The eonti slant tailed to fur-
! rush such proot. On the contiary, so far as appenred by
tiie evidence piesentcd to the committee, the election \v,e<
conducted with perfect good order and fauness thioughout
the day, and at the close the votes weie c.uefuliy and ac-
curately counted, the officers paitieipatmg therein being
neaily equally divided in then political alliances. Tliu
list of voters, tally papers, and returns, were properlv made
out and disposed of according to law. There is nowhere
in the evidence a reasonable suspicion of wrong. To adopt
a rale that the bailot-boxes should be opened upon the
mere request of the defeated candidate would occasion
more iraud than it could po&slblv expose. The number of
b.ifloi-boxea in cach cong?c. ?lonal diPtrict is seldom !cs«
I than fifty, and often more than two hundred. Tliey are
t^ually lelt m the care of a magistrate or some township
' officer, by whom they ore deposited m no s.iWr place than
j, an upper siie/fiu a public office.
i, The opportunities «>l tampering with the boxes thtKsoat-
( tered through the dim ici would be abundant; and if it was
i known in advance that a second count could he had with-
out discrediting tiie that, the temptation to do so wguld be
. strong. It makes no difference in settling the nile, that ni
i; this particular case the votes had been carefully guaidej
^ by the mayor and reeoider, under a special law loi the city
;1 of Philadelphia. That tact would only strengthen the con-
!i ndence In tiie lesnlt of a recount in this ca^e, but does not
• show tho propi b>tv of establishing a geneiai rule nuthonz-
■. ing a lecount whenever asked. It should be icrnrmbftred
that the fact sought is not what the ballot-boxes ''Ontain
,i six mouths or a yc>r after the ejection, but what they did
' contain niter the la-t vote was deposited on tin <i.n ofoiec-
l, tion. Ceitainly an impartial, actuate, and puhfie rour.t,
;1 then, by the sworn oihcers of the 1-uv, would b<- bettei evi-
dence of that fact than aoy >ul)seqnc n't count not more nn
■ parti.il and not presumed to be moie accuinte tiian tiie fnvt,
, imdafter tiie boxes had been Iongi;\po edtoths. tampeimij
j of dislioni>st partisan?.. Tiie adoption of vllCj, xX pMcticw
>; would be equivalent to netting a^ide the fiist count alto-
gethei, and Houghton that principle to be dispensed with,
! and the ballots sent to this House instead ot certificates.
Tiie rule adopted bj the committee i? in aocouiance
with the univei^al practice ot courts of ju-tiee, wiiere a
, new trnd or a reheaung is never gianted cxeejit upon proof
; ot probable error in the hr t, in accordance With the titling??
| in several contested-election cases decided in the court**
' of the State from which this contest comes, and believed
not to be in conflict with any piecedent of this llouse.
The committee therefore recommend the adoption of the
following resolutions:
Resolved, That John Kline is not entitled toaseatin tlucj
House as a Reproductive in the Thirty-Eighth Congress
from the thiid concessional district of Pennsylvania,
i Recobed, That Leonard Mjeis j>: entitled to the seat
i now occupied by him as a Representative in the Thitty-
| Eighth Congress liom the tintd congicssional dislilet of
! Pennsylvania,
t Mr. RANDALL, of Pcnn-jyivtima. 1 ask my
! colleague [Mr. Scofjeld] whether he designs to
i allow discussion on these resolutions.
; Mr, SCOFIELD. I propose to move ihe pre-
i vious question after tiie parties have said what
| they may have to say. I do not intend to discuss
I it myself.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I cannot
I <t!!o\v this it port to be passed upon by the House
without expressing my dissent fiom the position
assumed by the Committee o! Elections. There*
is a law in PennsyIvania foi the safe-keeping of
j the ballot-boxes, and they have been so guandeti
undei that law. The only manner in which the*
1 contestant could possibly pro\e the frauds which
he alleges, and which a large portion of the com-
munity believe were committed, was in examin-
ing these boxes; and the committee refused to
give him that pnvilege. Hcnce the committee
cut off the only meana by which he could prove
his case. There was tn this election only a ma-
jority of 45 or 46; and 1 doubt not that if the
contestant had had the opportunity he would have
been abie to show that he was duly elected, and
was clearly entitled to his seat. This being de-
nied linn, I must offer my protest thereto.
Mr.STILES. Mr. Speaker, the report of the
committee is predicated on the statement that no
j preliminary evidence had been submitted to the
I committee authorizing it to direct a recount of
: these ballots. I disscntentireiy from the opinion
of the committee. I understand that the com-
mittee was not unanimous on thisquestion. The
act of Congress regulating contested elections
was complied with by the contestant, and entitles
him to a recount of the ballots without prelim-
inary evidence. In this caso the contestant com-
plied with the act of Congress by giving the ne-
cessary notice of contest, which, in my judgment,
was all that the law required lum to'do. The
laws of Pennsylvania made the mayor and re-
corder of Philadelphia the joint custodians of
these boxes, and the mayor refused to furnish
them.
It was argued before the committee by the sit-
ting member that it should be proved, befote a re-
count was ordered, that some mistake or eiror
had been committed, or proof that there was
fraud. In deciding the question the committee
has assumed the position of the sitting member,
and has decided that iteouldnotgo into a recount
of the ballots without preliminary evidence. I
dissent entirely from the views of the committee.
The act of Congress requires no such evidence.
It simply requires notice to be given of the contest;
and notice having been given, the contestant is en-
titled to the examination of all the. papeis and bal-
lots, and that has been the uniform course of the
committee in contested-election cases. I protest
