ffil CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
that State; but I do not offer it, because I knowit
■would avail nothing, and that even if it passed this
body it could be defeated by the subterfuges of
executive administration. I therefore abstain from
the futile task of attempting a modification of the
law or of the practice of the Department in rela-
tion to this matter.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I should like to ask
the Senator from Kentucky a question. The Sen-
ator from .Kentucky was not very plainly heard
on this side of the Chamber, but I understood him
to say that the people of Kentucky would send
five white men to the war rather than one negro.
Mr. WILSON. I had hoped that we should
have a vote on the bill before this time; and 1 do
not rise for the purpose of continuing' but for a
moment this debate.
Allusion has been made by several Senators to
the action of my State in raising colored troops.
I will say that we in Massachusetts have a pro-
found conviction that the whole cause of this war
is slavery, nothing else; and we were early of the
opinion that we ought to employ colored men to
help to fightthe battles of the country. We raised
two regiments. A portion of them resided in our
own Slate, and colored men belonging to other
parts of the country where they were not raising-
colored troops came into those regiments. We
have put those regiments in the field where they
are doing their duty, and doing it faithfully. We
ore now raising a regiment of mounted men in
our State; and if any colored man chooses to go
into that State and take the bounty the State of-
fers, he will be taken. I do not see any objection
to that.
Then, again, some time last year some Massa-
chusetts men in California addressed the Governor
of our State and asked to be mustered into the
service. I think there were four or five compa-
nies of them. 1 do not know that they were all
formerly from Massachusetts, but a large number
of them were, and Massachusetts men had the
lead of it". They came to that State, organized
into companies, and now make up a part of the
sccond Massachusetts cavalry, and are doing duty
in the field, and doing it faithfully as we all know,
under one of the most accomplished officers of
the Army. 1 mean Colonel Lowell, a captain
in the regular cavalry. I suppose all the men in
the service would like to be spoken of as coming
from the State in which they reside, and possibly
those men would rather belong to a California regi-
ment than to be a part of a Massachusetts regi-
ment.
Now, sir, it is said here to-day that the Secre-
tary of War has been raising colored men in the
southern States. What some of us complain of
—and I understand the Senator from lown to
make that complaint—is, that the Government
has not done enough of tluit. I am of that opinion.
I know that in tin; State of Maryland an appeal
was made to the people of that State whether they
would have colored men enlisted into the service
or go themselves under a draft, and it was one of
the most powerful elements in the last election in
the State of Maryland. 1 think the gentleman
who represents the Eastern Shore of Maryland
was elected on that issue, that the laboring men
of Maryland preferred tlmt the blacks, slave and
free, should go into the service rather than be
dinfced themselves.
I believe that if yon put tliat issue to the poor
white men of the State of Kentucky to-day they
will vote five to one to have the slaves, especially
of rebel masters, go into the service of the coun-
try and allow them to remain at home. I have
complained for the last four months, and 1 have
addressed my complaints to the Presidentand the
Secretary of War over and over again, that the
Government did not comply with the wishes of
some of the ablest and noblest men of Kentucky
and enlist the slaves o^" rebels to fight the battles
of the Republic. Many of the ablest men of that
State have been pressing that subject for four or
five months upon the Government. I understand
the Govertrmcnt is now about doing that very
thmg, and 1 rejoice at it. { would not ask Ken-
tucky or any other slave State to send more than
h'T quota in the field, including white men and
colon rt men, free and slave, in the enrollment.
Tiie Government has construed the act to mean
that it only includes colored free men. and not
«luvia,in the enrollment. In the States of Dela-
ware, Maryland, Kentucky, West Virginia,and
Missouri, the slaves are not enrolled and do not
go to make up a part of their quota. This whole
class, is left out of the enrollment. Why should
they be omitted ? There is no reason on earth for
it. They ought to be enrolled; they ought to go
into the quota of the State, and the Government
ought to enlist them whenever it can, just as it
enlists other men throughout the country.
But, sir, as to this proposition, I am willing
that it should be adopted. I do not see the ne-
cessity of it. I regretted the introduction of this
whole matter; but in the form in which the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire has put the amend-
ment,! shall not object to its adoption.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, as the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts has referred to the State
of Maryland, I rise merely for the purpose of stat-
ing what I believe to be the fact. Whether the
war itself was caused hy the institution of slavery,
either partially or wholly, it is not my purpose
now to inquire. A great deal might be said on
both sides of that question. That slavery may
have caused it, may be true; but that slavery of
itself was not the cause of it, may be equally true.
Whether there were other causes than the exist-
ence of that institution -which have led us into our
present situation, is a subject with which, as I
have said, I do not mean now to deal. The war
is upon us, and no matter what may have been
its origin, it is our clear duty by all the means in
the power of the Government to bring it to a suc-
cessful termination, and I hope and 1 believe that
it will be brought to such a termination if we are
in our councils here and in the other branch of
Congress unanimous upon that subject, and con-
scientious in discharging, to the best of our ability,
the duty which that opinion may impose.
The Senator from Massachusetts has said, what
no doubt he believes, that the elections in Mary-
land during the last canvass resulted as they did
result principally from the fact that the Govern-
mentwere enlisting slaves as soldiers in the Army
of the United States. It is true thatagood many
of the people of Maryland were then of opinion,
and are now of opinion, that it is desirable that
black men should be enlisted, because by their
fnlistmentthey save from the obligation to go into
the military service of the United States the same
number of white men. It is but reasonable to sup-
pose, therefore, that to a certain extent that had
some influence on the election. Hut it is equally
true, as I think, tlmt a large majority of the peo-
ple upon the Eastern Shore of Maryland, which
was the locality particularly suggested by the
Senator from Massachusetts, were very much op-
posed to the conduct of the Government in that
respect. They were opposed to it, first, because
they thought, many of them, and I have no doubt
they were very sincere in that belief, that the Gov-
ernment had no authority at all to call them into
the service; and they were opposed to it because
they believed, as I understand the Senator from
Iowa [Mr. Haulan] to believe, that they will make
very inefficient soldiers as compared with white
men. In that belief I certainly, to a considerable
extent, share. That they can become good sol-
diers after being trained for one or two years, I
believe is true; but that they will be equal in the
field m a slioiter time than that to do the.duty
which a white man can do in the same condition,
I do not believe.
But the election in Maryland,Mr. President,as
I think, with duedeference to the information upon
which the Senator from Massachusetts has
thought proper to make his statement, resulted as
it did result upon the Eastern Shore of Maryland
almost exclusively from another cause, from the
interference of the military, not only, in my judg-
ment, an interference without authority, but an
interference against all the authority, national and
State. That interference consisted,as perhaps the
Senate may not be as fully aware as 1 am, not
only in the determination upon the part of the mil-
itary to secure to all the voters of the State the
privilege of votingatthat election, but it was used
for the purpose of saying who should enjoy it.
They disregarded all the laws of Maryland'; they
disregarded the organic law of Maiyland; they
usurped the authority, whateveritmay have been,
of the Constitution of the United States, conferred
upon the military or the head of the military. In
the first place, they determined that no man should
vote unless he took the oath prescribed by the
military commander. By the order which was
originally issued, although subsequently, the day
preceding the election, altered ill one respect,
but still, in my judgment, leaving it very objec-
tionable, they were ordered to arrest any man
hanging about the polls, any man at the polls,
any man approaching the polls, whom they
thought was not loyal. And they were ordered
also to report to the head of the military, the gen-
eral who was then in command of that military
department, the judges of the election who should
refuse to administer the prescribed oath, the in-
ference from which, as drawn by the judges, the
only inference which they could have drawn, of
course,was, thatin theeventofsuch arefusalupon
their part becoming known to the head of the mil-
itary they were to be arrested. In the execution
of these several orders, men were arrested nules
from the polls; atthe polls judges of election were
arrested upon the ground of their supposed dis-
loyalty. Some of the parties arrested were brought
to the city of Baltimore the evening before the
election—some seven or eight of them—consist-
ing, as I know personally, in part of gentlemen
of as stern and fixed loyalty as are to be found
in any State in the Union, but who had become
obnoxious, not because they were opposed to the
abolition of slavery in Maryland, prospectively,
gradually, but because they were opposed to in-
stantaneous emancipation without compensation.
If an opinion of that description constitutes dis-
loyalty, they were disloyal; but I am sure there
is no member of the Senate who will say that that
is any evidence at all, much less conclusive evi-
dence, that the party who entertains it is disloyal
to the Government. They were brought to the
city of Baltimore, and some of them thrown into
a prison which had been used, to the disgrace of
the city, as a prison for the safe-keeping of slaves
while the domestic slave trade was being carried
on, and were not discharged until the next day.
Some of them, the moment it became known to
the proper department, whether to the commander
or his subordinates I do notknow, were told that
it was an outrage not warranted by the orders of
the commander—done upon the authority of the
subordinate who was in command at the particu-
lar polls where the arrests were made, and that
they should be returned at once. A steamer was
chartered; they were put on board on Monday
night, arrived at Chcstertown, the district where
the particular outrage had been committed, bear-
ing with them a letter to the commander who had
ordered the arrest, marked " official," they being
told when they were sent home that they were
all discharged; and the commander to whom the
letter was addressed not being there, but having
gone olf to some other district for the purpose of
lepeating the same outrage, the officer second in
command opened the official letter, as he thought
ho had a right to do, and there fell out of it a pri-
vate letter, written by one of the staff of the com-
mander of the department, to the officer who had
committed the outrage, telling him to discharge
two, but to keep all the rest in prison until the
election was over.
I do not think I am mistaken when I say to my
friend, the Senator from Massachusetts, and to
other Senators, that if that proceeding had not
been resoited to, the gentleman who was elected
from that Shore to the other House would not oc-
cupy the post which he now holds. 1 say that
not from any personal or political dislike to that
gentleman. A worthier, a truer man is not to be
found within the limits of our State, or any other;
he is a man of great ability, and a pure patriot,
but he owes the seat which he now honors (be-
cause he is abundantly able to fill it) not to the
choice of the people of the district, theirunbiased
and uninfluenced choice, but solely to the inter-
ference of the military—an interference which,
in my judgment, (and I have nothing more to
say, and shall not repeat it during the session,)
amounted to as gieat an outrage as ever was per-
petrated upon freemen.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President, these state-
ments have been made repeatedly in the Senate
during the present session, and I think it is no
more than just that the true grounds of the action
of the Government should be stated. If an elec-
tion bad been pending at the time Lee was over
here in Maryland with one hundred thousand
armed rebels, i suppose no one would complain
if the officers of the Army of the United States
had prevented the soldiers of that rebel army from
