226S
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.-
May 13,
"Raman railroad bill. I told him I could not say
how that was, but that I would address my col-
league, who was in New York. I did so, and last
night I received a reply at nine o'clock by mail,
saying that Mr. Steele, if here, could vote as
he pleased, that he had no very great interest in
regard to the question. Of course it was too late
then to seek a pair for Mr. Steele with any other
gentleman.
Mr. ASHLEY. It was distinctly announced
in the Hall that Mr. Steele was paired off with
a gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. GARFIELD. If I am considered as paired,
I will withdraw my vote.
MERCANTILE MUTUAL INSURANCE COMPANY.
Mr. PENDLETON, front the Committee of
Ways and Means, reported a bill for the relief
of the Mercantile Mutual Insurance Company of
* New York; which was read a first and second
time.
The bill, which was read, authorizes the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, to issue and pay to the
Mercantile Mutual Insurance Company of New
York eight United States notes, not bearing in-
terest, of$l,000each,in lieu of eight United States
notes issued under the act of Congress of Febru-
ary 25,1862, which were lost and destroyed by the
foundering of the steamer Q,uincy on the 10th
of December, 1863, upon their executing to the
United States a proper bond of indemnity.
Mr. PENDLETON. I desire to state to the
House that these notes were put into the mail of
the United States and delivered on board the
steamer Ciuincy, that that steamer went down off
Cape Hatteras, nine persons oniy saving their
lives, and that the ship, mails, cargo, baggage,
and everything were lost.
I desire to say further to the House that the
proof is ample, beyond all sort of question, from
the person who put these notes into the letters
and put the letters into the mails, and delivered
thorn on board the steamer. The proof of the
shipwreck and loss is from five of the nine per-
sons who were saved from the vessel, the other
four not being easily come at.
Mr. THAYER, I would like to ask the gen-
tleman from Ohio whether these notes wen; tiie
property of the insurance company or whether
they merely insured them?
Mr. PENDLETON. The notes were the prop-
erty of a gentleman named Brower. They were
insure*!, the insurance company paid the loss,
and took an assignment from the owner of all his
interest in the notes to the insurance company.
Mr. THAYER. If I understand correctly the
statement of the gentleman from Ohio, I do not
see upon what principle the Government can be
asked to make good the loss suffered under these
circumstances by this insurance company. It
was a peiil which they had insured, as I under-
stand, and upon what principle can they insure
against a peril and receive a premium for that in-
surance, and then, when the loss has been suf-
fered, call upon the Government to indemnify
them for that loss? 1 think that if these notes
were in private hands, if they had been the pri-
vate property of the insurance company at the
time of the loss, it would, of course, have been
perfectly proper that new notes should be issued
in place of those which aie thus proven to have
been lost. But cases of this kind are constantly
arising, and it is important now that the House
should understand the principle upon which they
are to be called upon to act in reference to these
insurance companies. It seems to me that where
an insurance company has taken a risk of this
kind, and received money by way of premium for
assuming that risk, they have no right to com-
plain when the loss is suffered and "no right to
call upon the Government to indemnify them for
that loss. I do not understand that the United
States Government arc to replace these notes
whenever an insurance company suffers a loss.
It seems to me that in that case the insurance com-
panies would do a very profitable business. They
will icceive a premium without incurring the
slightest degree of risk. They will insure and
receive pay for insuring where no risk is assumed.
I cannot understand how it is that, having been
paid for assuming every risk of a loss, for which
they have been made good, they can call upon
the United States Government to indemnify them
fur that loss.
This is not, if I understand the gentleman from
Ohio, an ordinary case of the loss of notes, the
private property of individuals, bat it is, in fact,
notwithstanding the assignment of the claim to
the insurance company, which was of course a
mere formaiity,thecaseof an insurance company
who have assumed a certain risk and been paid
for assuming that risk, calling upon the Govern-
ment to indemnify them for the loss which they
have sustained and for the risk which they have
run, and for which they have been paid.
Why, sir, upon what principle can these insur-
ance companies take the money which they re-
ceive from persons under these circumstances if
it is to be understood that the Government is to
make good the losses every time notes insured by
the company go to the bottom of the sea, or are
destroyed by fire, or lost in any other way?
I cannot understand upon what principle the
Government should be asked to reissue these
notes to parties who make a business of insur-
ing against that very thing which has happened
and of receiving money for assuming that very
risk.
Mr. PENDLETON. It seems to me that the
right of this company to ask this relief can read-
ily be placed on either of two well-settled princi-
ples. The case stands entirely upon priciples an-
alogous to the case of an abandonment. It stands
also upon another principle, that when a party has
ajustand valid claim he may assign his claim,
and the assignee acquires in equity at leastall the
assignor's rights. The fact that the insurance
company takes the risk of loss, undertakes to
indemnify the owner against loss, is no reason
why, as against all other persons, it may not be
subrogated to whatever rights theowner had. It
makes no difference to the Government, if it is
obliged to replace these lost notes, whether it re-
places them to the party who originally had them,
or to the insurance company which has succeeded
to the interest of that party. It is a question, it
seems to me, so plain thatitcan scarcely be made
plainer by argument. It is a question which I
think, under the law organizing the Court of
Claims, that court could take cognizance of. Cer-
tainly if a private individual would be liable to
an assignee for the amount of a destroyed note,
the Government ought to be. It seems to me
that, on the plainest principles of justice and
equity, this company should be indemnified even
as the original holder of the note should be in-
demnified; and that to the Government it makes
no difference whether it pay the original owner
or whether itpay the insurance company, which,
having insured these notes, has already paid the
owner. I move the previous question.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
gentleman from Ohio to withdraw the demand for
the previous question.
Mr. PENDLETON. Certainly.
Mrrt WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 want to
understand something about this matter. Mr.
Speaker, it is a most extraordinary proposition
to ask, in the presentcondition of the country,
the reimbursement of these insurance companies
for greenbacks tiiat they have insured and that
may have been lost. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts here, [Mr. Hooper,] tells me that he
has paid §20,000 for the insurance of greenbacks
sent over the countiy duiing the war. Does the
gentleman from Ohio propose that these insur-
ance companies shall keep the premium and re-
cover the greenbacks that are destroyed? Is the
gentleman from Ohio willing to open that wide
door? I hope the House will at once put a stop
to any such kind of legislation. We have got
enough to do to put down the rebellion. And I
tell the gentleman from Ohio that we will put it
down. We can already hear the thunder of our
cannon fromSpottsylvaniaCourt-House,although
the gentleman and his friends may not clieer
when we have the news. I move to lay the bill \
upon the table.
Mr. PENDLETON. Does the gentleman per-
sist in that motion ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do.
Mr. PENDLETON. Cutting off debate after
a demagogical speech, which was unworthy of
this House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is not in
Older.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. Does the
gentleman from Ohio wish fo debate it?
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. COX. The gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Washburne] was allowed to speak, and has of-
fered to this House a gross, base insult.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
is not in order. The Chair will hear no debate
on either side of the House unless the motion to
lay on the table be withdrawn.
Mr. COX. Then I appeal to the gentleman
from Illinois 
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Ohio rise to a point of order?
Mr. C'OX. I rise to make an appeal.
The SPEAKER. It is not in oraer except by
unanimous consent; and objection has been made.
Mr. COX. I wish to reply to the insult.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
is out of order, and he will take his seat.
The question was taken on the motion to lay
on the table, and it was notagreed to; there being,
on a division—ayes 46, noes 57.
Mr. PENDLETON. Mr. Speaker, after I had
yielded in all courtesy to the gentleman from Illi-
nois in withdrawing the previous question, I did
not expect that sort of a speech or this motion
from him. If he is content with it, I do not know
that I ought to have any reason to be dissatisfied.
If he thinks it consistent with his position and
ability, I ought not to complain. 1 am sure he
has quite as high an appreciation of himself as I
canjpssibly have of him. What, sir, has a fling
of that kind at this side of the House to dowith
this question? What has the suppression of the
rebellion to do with the question whether the
Government will do justice to oneof its citizens?
What have the thunders of battle at Spottsylvania
to do with the question whether or not this Gov-
ernment shall replace eight promissory notes
which have been proved to have been destroyed
when being carried in the mails of the United
States? And what has it to do with the question
whether, wher* the gentleman pompously gets up
in the House and reads dispatches himself, we
cheer or not? Doubtless he would like to be the
cynosure of all eyes, to occupy all ears, and when
he rises to read his speeches or dispatches, to re-
ceive the undivided attention of the House. It
would minister to his insatiate egotism. When
he deserves that honor perhaps he will have it.
Until then he probably will not.
Now, sir, having no disposition here at all
events to depart from the custom which I have
always pursued, not to enter into a personal con-
troversy with gentlemen on the floor, I leave that
and come directly to the question presented by
the bill which I have in behalf of the Committee
of Ways and Means offered to the House. What
is that proposition ? It is this: a party holding
eight promissory notes issued by the Govern-
ment of the United States desiring to transmit
them from New York to New Orleans goes to an
insurance company and has them insured. The
testimony is unqestioned and unquestionable that
they were put into two letters, delivered by the
person who put them in the letters into the post
office at New York, and delivered by the post-
master or agent of the postmaster on a United
States vessel; that that vessel had the mails on
board when she foundered off Cape Hatteras.
The vessel was lost, the cargo was lost, the mails
were lost, and the lives of everybody on board
were lost cxccpt nine persons. The insurance
company, according to its contract, indemnified
the party for the loss he sustained'and took from
him an assignment of the notes which were lost.
That insurance company now conies to the Gov-
ernment of the United States and asks us that
these lost promissory notes shall be replaced.
Why should it not be done ? If it were a case
between the insurance company and an individ-
ual who issued the notes originally there is not
a couit of justice in Christendom that would not
give judgment. It is acaseon which there would
be no hesitation, and no respectable lawyer would
give an opinion adverse to the claim.
Mr. SLOAN. Will the gentleman let me ask
him a question ?
Mr. PENDLETON. Certainly.
Mr. SLOAN. 1 ask whether the Court of
Claims has jurisdiction of such a case as this? I
put the question for this reason: it seems to me
this llousc is hardly the proper place to try the
question as to the amount of money which has
been lost, and to establish a Hmm tlu 
