"2268
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 13,
too much respect for the profession of the law, to
pronounce «n objection sustained by the uniform
decisions of the courts of the country a mere
quibble.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not believe there is any
decision which prevents an obligor from being
called upon to pay his debts, no matter in whose
hands they are. It is a very different thing where
a vessel has been sunk ana the assignee believes
all is lost, when an assignment is made to the in-
surance company for what may be recovered of
the wreck, they paying the entire amount of the
insurance. This, sir, is not a question of insur-
ance upon the part of the Government.
Mr. WILSON. I will suggest to the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania this distinction: in the
case that has been mentioned of property aban-
doned to the insurance company, the company
paying the amount of the risk, the property as-
signed is the specific property insured. Now,
in this case, if the notes had been partially de-
stroyed, and the remnant saved had been turned
over to the insuuuice company, that would have
been a parallel case, and the notes would have
furnished a basis on which tho company could
have properly come to the Government for re-
lief.
Mr. STEVENS. Suppose all the notes had
been destroyed except on inch, could not that
have been surrendered to the insurance company,
and could they not have required the Government
to make good the notes?
Mr, WILSON. I understand the rule of the
Treasury Department to be that whore a note has
been defaced, or a part of Jt destroyed, they ie-
deem in proportion to the amount of the note re-
maining; so that in this case these parties could
have surrendered to the insurance company as
much of the notes as remained, and they would
have received in proportion to the amount saved,
according to the rule I have stated. But these
parties do not profess to surrender the particular
property insured; that has been destroyed, and
fcherefoie the ease is not a pmnllel one.
Mr. PENDLETON, it seems to me after all
which has been said, with due deference to all
who think otherwise, that this is a vei y clear ease.
The Government of the United States owe the
amount of these promissory notes. To whom
does it owe thorn ? Either to tho original holders
of the notes or to the insurance company. The
notes are dcstioyed. IstheGovemment released
from the obligation by the destruction of tho
notes? It owes the debt to one of two parties.
There is no third party claiming it, and these
two parties have agreed between ihemselve* to
whom the debt isdue. It is veiy clear, therefore,
to my mind that the Government under these cir-
cumstances owes this debt, to the insurance com-
pany, and the question is, shall it he paid >
Mr. JENCK.ES. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question 5 i understood him in
his first renmiks to say that these notes were in-
sured under an oidinary marine policy, without,
any contract giving to the insuieis the right oP
subrogation to tho rights of the linsund. Now,
us the gentleman puts the case, I take the distinct
issue with him upon his law that there is no ease
to be found of commercial insurance in this
country which authorizes the insurers to have
that right unless there be astipulation in the pol-
icy itsei'", requiring the insured to assign any
claims he may ha\e.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania says the
Government nifty be a d< btoi; n debtor to whom ?
To the party in whose fa\or the obligation was
given. This Government never had any eonfiaet
with msin era, and never authoi ;:r.ed anybody else
to make a contract which would bind ilumi. If
they were to go into the (Jouit of Chums for a j
settlement, their case would be thrown out on the i
ground that they had no title, on the ground that ;
no contract or assignment lias been made which '
could bind this Government ps common earners '
to lukure this propeity. I
Mr. PENDLJETON. The gentleman states his j
case as il the assured contested heie the rn;ht of |
the insurance company, it is not so. The as- !
sored agrees that the company is subrogated to '
his rights. Pie has peifected the title by an as- \
eignmenf. He has removed all doubt on that j
point. lit, has come here with his testimony to 1
assert the lights of the company. Andttjstluse i
gentlemen who, on behaiiut the Government, ob- i
ject to an agreement^vith which both the parties
interested are entirely satisfied. Now, will the
gentleman be good enough to tell me whether, in
case these obligations had been in part lost but
atsoin part saved, theGovernmentwould nothave
been bound to pay under whatever rule had been
established'for that portion of the notes saved to
the insurance company?
Some one has. the right to make claim against
the Government unless gentlemen want speedily
to repudiate. Some one has a claim on the Gov-
ernment to have these notes paid. Who is it?
Either the party who originally held them, or the
insurance company to which they were assigned.
It is not the party who originally held them, be-
cause he has transferred his interest for a valuable
consideration to the insurance company. If he
should endeavor to prosecute his claim in the
Court of Claims, t undertake to say that the as-
signment would be a good defense on the part of
the United States.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Thayer,] frankly said that if the person ask-
ing to be indemnified were the original holder, he
would have these notes immediately reissued. I
am perfectly certain that he would. I donotmis-
understand him. I would expect nothing else
from the candor and honesty of the gentleman
and his disposition that the Government should
faithfully perform its highest duty, to be just to
all its citizens. If the gentleman admits a fair
case is made out on behalf of the assignor and
no question is raised as to the legality of the as-
signment, why should not the Government be
held to pay the assignee?
It seems to mc that there can be no difference
of opinion on thesubject. If they were lost notes
only, I would not ask payment now. They are
destroyed promissory notes.
Mr. JENCKES. I understand the gentleman
from Ohio to say that there has been an assign-
mefft of this claim by this party to the insurance
company ?
IV! r. PENDLETON. Yes, si), I understand so.
Mr. .1 ENCkES. What is the evidence?
Mr. PENDLETON. TheaiHdavitof the pres-
ident of the msiuance company and the affidavit
of the assignor.
Mr. J EN CKES. Was the original assignment
before the committee ?
Mr. PENDLETON. I have not seen it.
Mr. J ENCKES. Will the gentleman answer
me when that assignment was dated, whcthci
after the payment of the consideration money or
not?
Mr. PENDLETON. Whether dated before
or after, if at the tune the payment was made
thme was a eontiaot, that is sulficient.
Mr. JENCK.ES. That is not proved.
Mr. PENDLETON. The date would not be
material at all.
Mr. J ENCKES. There is no such condition
m the policy,and no assignment.
Mr. PENDLETON, i am wrong. The as-
signment is here, or rather a copy of it. No; it
appears to be the original 
Mr. JENCKES. What is the date?
Mr. PENDLETON. December 1863.
Mr. JENCKES. That was after the loss and
the payment by the in.su>anoe company.
Mr. PENDLETON. After the loss,us a matter
of course.
Mr. JENCKES. Will the gentleman state
what is the consideration for the transfer when the
riskTias become a loss and the insurance com-
pany iias bccome chaiged with the payment of
the loss ?
Mr. PENDLETON. The assignment is in
consideration of $8,000 paid in hand by this in-
suiance company to this party, nnd by viitue of
that there is an assignment tiansfoning to the in-
surance company all right, title, and interest to
tin* property.
Mr. WILSON. Is not $8,000 the amount of
the notes lost? Is not that the amount that was
insuredf
Mr. PENDLETON. It is the amount paid by
the insurance company. That is the contract
which the insurance < ompany made.
Mr. WILSON. I ask the gentleman from Ohio
what consideration the insurance company paid
for the assignment? Did they pay anything more
than they were required to pay under the original
terms of the policy of insurance ?
Mr. PENDLETON. What difference does it
make ?
Mr. WILSON. I ask the gentleman whether
that be the case or not.
Mr. PENDLETON. I say that thev paid
$8,000, for that was the value of the articles de-
stroyed. And as I read these papers, at the time
of paying the amount they took a transfer, assign-
ment, or whatever you choose to call if, of all the
right and interest of this party in these destroyed
notes.
Mr. WILSON. What was the consideration
for that assignment?
Mr. PENDLETON. The payment of $8,000
according to their original contract of insuiance.
Mr. WILSON. Was ita new consideration ?
Mr. PENDLETON. It was a consideration,
whether it was a new one or an old one. I want
'to ask the gentleman from Iowa whether upon the
point which he is seeking now to make, and winch
I understand perfectly well is a purely technical
one, he is prepared to say that the Government
of the United States should refuse to pay an ad-
mitted just debt. But, sir, on this point of the
consideration, I beg to remind the gentleman from
Iowa that this is an executed assignment. It
need have no consideration; if it vlere an absolute
gift, without a penny passed between the parties,
and between third persons, it would be valid. If
it were an executory contract, the case might be
different.
Mr.' WILSON. Place the Government pre-
cisely in the position of an individual.
Mr. PENDLETON. The gentleman cannot
have the least doubt but that a recovery might be
had of an individual under such circumstances,
arid that the name of one party could be used by
the other.
Mr. WILSON. I have so much doubt about
it that I say it cannot be used unless provided for
in tiie policy itself.
Mr. STEVENS. Suppose an individual owed
to another a bond of $1,000, which he was to
send to him by mail; that the person to whom it
was due got it insured, but on the way it was
burned and destroyed. Does the individual who
owes that money get rid of the debt, because the
money was burned, and because it was insured
in addition ?
Mr. WILSON. The gentleman knows very
well that the two cases stand upon entiiely dif-
ferent principles.
Mr. MALLOIIY. I do not care a cent, so far
as this question is concerned, whether the ques-
tion of subrogation applies or not. It appears
that the Government issued these notes, and the
Government is bound to make them good in the
handa of somebody. 1 f lost, it seems to me they
must be made gootl to the parties who lost them.
It is the principle of justice and equity as applied
to the matter which shall govern my opinion. If
the insurance company injured the notes and they
were lost, and the company made good the value
to the owners, I see nothing but justice in the fact
that the Government should pay the value of
those notes to the insurance company. I do not
care whether the doctiine of subrogation applies
or not.
If we were a court here acting under commer-
cial law, so ably alluded to and expounded by the
gentleman from Rhode Island, all these arguments
j and all this learning might be of some lmport-
I ance. Put we are the law-making power, as I
i understand it. We are to do justice, and if there
| is a defect in the law whereby injustice would be
! worked to a party seeking justice at our hands
( we should make a law which will do justice. The
j act we pass does not stand upon the Journal as
; the judgment of a court. It stands as an act of
ligislation. We are proceeding as the law-muk-
i mg power, and not a judicial body, and there-
, foi e I think that all this technical discussion about
tins existing doctrine of subrogation, &c., which
I do not understand, is entirely out of place. If
there he no law for paying these parties J am for
making a special law in this case, under which
the Government shall pay these notes. That, X
think, will subserve the cause of justice, and there-
fore I shall vote for the bill.
message fkom the pkesidext.
A message from the President, by Mi. Nicu-
i.AYj ins Private Secretary, informed the House
that the Preside nt had upploved and signed an act
