1292
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25,
ready. On the morning of the present day I re-
ceived a letter from Hon. Thomas B. Butler, one
of the chief justices of my own State, requiring
me to go immediately before the Supreme Court
of the United States to procure an entrance to be
made in a cause ther§ pending in which he was
interested. Not being acquainted with Mr. Mid-
'dleton, the clerk of the Supreme Court, I cast
about for some one to introduce me. I found my
friend, Judge Spalding, of Ohio, and invited' him
to go with me. He acceded to my request and
gave me an introduction to Mr. Middleton.
Mr. DEMING rose.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut. Let me make
my statement. I feci some interest in reference
to this matter.
As I have stated, Judge Spalding consented to
go, and an introduction was had. My business
was transacted with Mr. Middleton and then we
returned to the House. Wo were absent perhaps
four or five minutes in all. We were in the House
before the absentees were called a second time.
We were here before the doors were closed and
&ere we are now.
I certainly choose to yield obedience to the sum-
mons of the House and to any sentence that it
may impose in the premises. I have not neglected
the interests of my constituents or of the coun-
try by this necessary absence of mine. Every-
body knows that we are called out from time to
time during the sittings of the House. I have
not been absent from the House from the organi-
zation of Congress when a single vote has been
taken hitherto. I mean to discharge my duty as
well as I can, and I do not feel that I am in the
slightest decree to blame for this brief absence.
Mr. STHVEiNS. I move that the gentleman's
excuse be deemed .satisfactory,and thathe be dis-
charged without the payment of costs.
The motion was agreed t&.
Mr. WADSWORTH. \ mnvnthatall fmther
proceedings undei the call be dispensed with.
Mr. I-IUBHALlD, of Connecticut, i eiavo the
indulgence of the Hou^n while 1 move (hat the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Spaldiko] be eve,used
for his absence.
Mr. STEVENS, lie is not before tho House,
and no motion to excuse bun can be made.
Mr. IHJMDARD, of Connecticut, if the gen-
tleman commuted an error, it was not his fault,
but mine.
Mr. BRANDEGIOE moved that the Houso do
now adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
The Ilou.se then rcfusrd to dispense with all
furthei proceedings under the rail.
Mr. KNA1JP. I move that the Sergennt-at-
Arms be directed to do his duty, and to arrest
the member and bring him to the bar of the
House.
Mr. STEVENS. That is the duty of the Sei-
•geant-nt-Arms now.
Mr. SPALDING rose to address the Chair.
TheSPEAKLSR. The Chair cannot iccogmze
any gentleman reported absent.
Mr. SPALDING- 1 submit to the indulgence
of the Ch.ur. That is all I can do.
Th« SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
that the gentleman from Ohio should submit to
the order of the House. This has all been done
by order of the I louse. When he presents him-
self at the bar lie can make whatever excuse he
pleases.
Mr. WASLIIiURNE, of Illinois. What is the
bar of the House?
The SPEAKER, In front of the Chair, this
side of the middle door.
The Chair will Mate that if he wcie a member
lie would submit to whatever ordcis the House
would make A II members must submit to the
orders o! the House.
Mr. SPALDING. I submit to the Chair and
to the House that I cannot go to that bar, for 1
do not Ac! myself guilty of any offense.
Air. STEVENS. 1 move that an attachment
issue against the Ser^eant-at-Aims for not obey-
ing the older of tiie House.
The SPEAKER. To whom?
Mr. STEVENS. Speua'ly directed to the
Doo  keeper.
Mr. X-IOLMAN. 1 think that motion should
be modified. It ohouid dircct him to show cause
why he has not performed his duty. The rule
should not be made imperative in the first in-
stance.
Mr. STEVENS. I accept that modification.
Let it read that the Sergeant-at-Arms show cause
why he has not obeyed the order of the House.
Mr. Spalding here came forward to the bar of
the House with the Sergeant-at-Arms.
Mr.PRUYN. Am 1 in order in maldnga sug-
gestion?
The SPEAKER. After the officer has made
his report.
The Sergeant-at-Arms announced that Mr.
Spalding had presented himself at the bar of the
House.
Mr. SPALDING. Only to exonerate theSer-
gean t-at-Arrns.
Mr. PRUYN. We have heard the gentleman
from Connecticut [Mr. Hubbard] detail this
whole matter, and i move Mr. Spalding be ex-
cused .
Mr. CRAVENS. I move to amend by add-
ing, "on payment of a fine of fifty dollars for
contempt of the House in violating its rules."
Mr. PRUYN. He has not refused to appear.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. SrALMNu] has obeyed
the Older of the House.
Mr. HOLMAN. What is the excuse of the
gentleman from Ohio for not being present at the
roll-eall ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Con-
necticut has made the excuse, referring to both
I absentees.
Mr. raUYN. I do hope the House will ex-
cuse the gentleman, as it appears already that he
was not at fault.
Mr. STEVENS. I have no desire to do any-
thing which may look harsh, but the House has
had exhibited befoie tliem a scene which requiies
notice—an absolute lefusnl to obey the order of
the lloiipe; and when the gentleman comes before
the bar now, lie sayshe appeals {^exonerate the
>Sci;;eanl-at.-;\im,s,a!Hl for no other (impose. That
is not an excuse; rind 1 am ready to vote tor the
amendment to fine hill).
i\lr. WASH IHJRNE, of Illinois. But he lias
appealed in response to the order of the House,
noiwitlisl.iminii; what he said.
Mi. I'RUYN". 1 think the gentleman from
Pennsylvania has niisnndeistood the gentleman
from Ohio I hcaid only what he said in his
seal, lie appeals to obey the summons of ilie
1 louse, hut he appealed evidently with reluctance,
but he did appiar. We are not to inquire into
outside reasons.
Mr. RA DFOlii). 1 hope the gentleman will
be nllowetl to make Ins own excuse.
Mr. KPALlJlXG. It has already been stated
by the gentleman fiom Connecticut, [Mr llt -
buid,] that I went out at his request to introduce
Inm to the dole of the Supreme Couit. 1 went
with reluctance. We were then in Committee of
the Whole, and 1 inquned whether it was likely
a vote would be taken. An amendment was of-
leied, and a gentleman got up to speak upon it,
and I thought 1 should have time to go and le-
turn before a vote would he taken. I went ami
introduced my iiicnd to the clerk of the Supreme
Court, and coming immediately back I came in
just before the doois were ordered to be closed.
-> far as any hue the House may see fit to im-
pose upon me is concerned, so far as it is within
my means, I wi'i pay it cheerfully.
Mr. CR 'WENS. I have no doubt the fine is
a matter of little consequence to the gentleman;
Init 1 m,uh' the motion to fine him because he, has
violated the rule of the House. The House ought
to defend its own rights. If we do not, by per-
mitting this case to go without punishment or
censure, I should like to know how we shall pie-
serve older.
Mr. BitOOMALL. I was going to move that
the excuse be deemed sufficient.
Mr. WADS WORTH. I rise to a point of
order. It is that the question now before the
House is whether or not the excuse is sulKeient,
and not whether the, gentleman has committed a
contempt of the House. 1 submit it is improper
to make a motion to fine for contempt. He has
given a good excuse tor his absence, ami it we
excuse him for that we cannot fine him for con-
tempt.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the point
of order to this extent: the latter part of the mo-
tion in reference to contempt is not in order, as
the gentleman is now at the bar of the House;
but a motion to fine the gentleman any amount
the House sees fit to impose is in order. Any
question as to contempt of the House must come
up hereafter as an independent proposition.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move the
previous question upon the motion of the gentle-
manfromrennsylvania[Mr.BROOMALL] that the
excuse be deemed sufficient, and that the gentle-
man be discharged.
The SPEAKER. That is not the motion.
The pending motion is the motion of the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Pruyn] to excuse the
gentleman absolutely, and the amendment of the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Cravens] to fine
him fifty dollars. The other part of the motion
the Chair has ruled out of order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move as
an amendment that the gentleman from Ohio be
honorably discharged; and on that amendment I
move the previous question.
Mr. PRUYN. I accept the amendment.
Mr. BEAMAN. I raise tho point of order
whether there is any evidence before the House
that the gentleman from Ohio has refused to obey
the order of the House.
The SPEAKER. That is for the House to
determine.
Mr. STEELE, of New York. I desire to ask
whether it is the business of a member to appear
at the bar, or the business of tho Sergeant-at-Arms
to bring him there ? If it is the business of the
Sergeant-at-Arms to biing him, then I donotsee
how the member from Ohio can be guilty of any
contempt.
Mr. CRAVENS. I understand that the Ser-
jeant-at-Arms has already reported that the gen-
tleman refused to appear at the bar, and that on
that repoit a peremptory order was issued.
The question was taken on Mr. Cravens's
amendment; and it was not agreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Pruyn's motion
as modified, that Mr. Spalding be honorably
discharged.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to amend the motion
by btuking out " honorably discharged,"and in-
serting in lieu of it " discharged on payment of
fees."
Mr. WASHBURNE,of Illinois. I moved the
previous question some time since.
Tho SPEAKER. Then the amendment of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania is not in order.
The question bcin<j on the demand for the pre-
\ ions question, 4
Mi. HOX-.MAN demanded tellers.
Toiler* won; ordered; and Messrs.Holman, and
Washburnx, of Illinois, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 43, noes 37.
So the previous question was seconded, and
the main ques?ion*oj'derod.
Mr. VOORHEES demanded the yeas and nays
on the motion of Mr. Preynt.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the ailii mative—yeas GO, nays 21; as follows:
YCAS—Moms. Alley, Allison, Ames, A?hley, B(\[ly5
John 1) Baldwin, Batter, Blaine, FrmteH P. Blair. Blow,
Boutwell, iioj(1, Bund<??ec, Brooks, Btoomal), (,"hauler,
AmbiOM? W. Claik, FreemanUkuke. Cobb,Cole,Denims,
I>onnei!\, I" iIirsr-. Thiinont, Eckiey, Eliot, GnsU&li. Fiank,
Gonch. Gnnvoid, Jlotclikif-, John II. JJuhbanl, Hulburd,
Juhan,' KeJley, Loncryear, Mcihule, McC'lurg, Mooihead,
Motnil, Xoble^ Nouon, John O'Neill, J'ruvn, William H.
Randall, lionet--, l'ovs, Scofield, Shannon, Stebbms, John
B. Steele, Smatf,Van Vaikenbursli, Wadsworth, JSUliu B.
Wa^hhanie,Wcb=tei, Wheeler,Williams,Wilder, and Wil-
son—GO.
NAYS—Me^rs. Auijubtus C. Baklwm, Cravens, Grider,
Ilauhujr, IIau m ton, Benjamin G. Ilairit, Chailes M. Har-
ris, Iliifiiy, Holman, Kalbrleit-ch, Knapp, Morrison, Otth,
Pendleton, Rudiord, Smithes, William G. St«ele, Stevens,
Sweat, Yooihee*, and Wmfield—21.
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state ofthe Union
on ! he special order.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
ten minutes before five o'clock p. m.) the House
adjourned.
