1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, March 26, 1SG4.
The House metattwelve o'clock, m. Prayer by
the Chaplain, Rev. W. H. Changing.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hicb.ey,
its Chief Clerk, informed the House thatthe Sen-
ate had agreed to the report of the committee of
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the amendments of the Senate to the
Military Academy bill.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Mr. STUART. I ask leave of absence from
the House for two weeks from Monday next.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion
that that would contravene the order of the House,
as it would require a vote.
Mr. BOUT'WELL mored that the rules be sus-
pended, and the House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Bout-
well in the chair,) and resumed the consideia-
tion of the President's annual message.
CONDUCT OF THE WAR.
Mr. MOOIIHEAD. Mr. Chairman, my col-
league from the twenty-first distiict [Mr. Daw-
son] has made confessedly the ablest speech on the
other sideof the House, and has stated with great
frankness and clearness the grounds of his oppo-'
sition to the war. Although it was well answered
by my colleague from the nineteenth district, [Mr.
Scofield,] I feel it incumbent upon me to give
some attention, as our districts adjoin, have like
interests and feelings, and as special efforts have
been made by the circulation of his speech to affect
the political sentiment of western Pennsylvania.
We both live at the head of the grdat channels of
trade formed by the Ohio and Mississippi rivers
and their tiibutai ies,d«> wn which the coal, lumber,
and agricultural products, and the manufactures
of glass, steel, iron, copper, wood, &e., of our
people, were accustomed before the rebellion to
float safely and without let or hmderance to the
inhabitants of thirteen States, and on through
the Gulf to foreign markets. Valuable as the
Federal Union is to the people of other States, it
is beyond all price to Pennsylvania, and especial-
ly to his constituents and mine, who alike love
their country, are proud of its history, believe in
free government, hate slavery, are ready to die
rather than see their national flag dishonored at
home or abroad, and will not permit the destruc-
tion of their Government by aristocratic slave-
holders, who treat and speak of northern peoph—
Democrats as well as Republicans—with more
scorn than they feel for the slaves on their plant-
ations. The blow of the traitors who made this
war fell first and heaviest on our constituencies,
when they closed the navigation of the Mississip-
pi,seized and confiscated property,anddestroyed
tiade more than sixty years enjoyed, and for res-
toration of the right to which our people have
been vigorously fighting for nearly three years.
I do this, Mr. Chairman, the more readily, be-
cause the doctrines he announces are the very
same which brought on the war, and if not con-
demned by the people, would make southern reb-
els our masters forever.
My colleague began his speech by reminding
us in glowing terms of the happy and prosperous
state of the country ''about eight years since,"
win. n he left these Halls, lie left two yearsbrjurc
Mr. Buchanan became President. What was its
condition when Mr. Buchanan handed the Gov-
ernment to Mr. Lincoln r Why is my colleague
silent as to the pregnant fact that when Mr. Bu-
chanan retired the gloom of thatawful period was
such that us meie remembrance comes like an evil
shadow over the heart of cvry patriot?
It has been suggested he s been in a deep sleep
during the eight years he was absent from polit-
ical life. His speech funii&hes sti on<; evidence- of
it. L't me thui inform him what he should know,
and what many of his constituents do know, that .
not merely are we now " m the midst of a rcvo- j
lution," but. the country was m the midst of a I
revolution when Mr. Buchanan retired, and has !
been on the brink of a revolution at different times
for thirty years.
Jackson suppressed treason in 1832. JefF.
Davis and his fellow-conspirators made some
signs of beginning a revolution under old Zach.
Taylor in 1850 when California was admitted as
a free State, but the hero of Bucna Vista squelched
it by announcing that he would hang the first
rebel who dared to lift a hand against the Union,
and Jeff. Davis knew well he would do it.
They prepared for it while Pierce lived in the
White House and Davis governed the country.
They persevered while Buchanan was President
and Floyd controlled the" Army, until—between
the 4th of November, 18G0, the day Lincoln was
elected, and the 4th of March, 1S61, the day he was
inaugurated—every southern fort, except Pick-
ens and Sumter, every armory and arsenal, all
the ordnance,arms,and ammunition, all the cus-
tom-houses, post offices, and mints, in a word, all
the property of the Federal Government in every
seceded State was seized by slaveholding trai-
tors, without a blow being struck or a shot being
fired in their defense; and thirty days before
Buchanan 'sterm expired eight slaveholding States
had openly rebelled against the Government, cast
off allegiance to it and excluded its authority,
hauled flown its flag, captured its troops, arms,
foits, ships, munitions of war, assembled a con-
gress at Montgomery, Alabama, adopted a con-
stitution, elected a president, prepared to raise
armies, and organized a confederacy as a foreign
and hostile government, all under that Democratic
rule which my colleague is so anxious to restore,
aud all done by Demociatic leaders 1 "What did
Mr. Buchanan do to prevent those great crimes?
Nothing. Whatdid the Democratic party do to
prevent them? Nothing, What did they pro-
pose to do? Nothing. On the other hand, they
i esisted everything that looked like protecting the
public properi y and preserving the nation's honor.
Sir, so widespread was treason, so faithless
the President, that all hope was exhausted except
the single one that his term would expire before
all was lost. Thank God ! Abraham Lincoln be-
came President before the cause of the Union was
totally ruined, and then the work of rescue began.
My colleague, m a speech of twenty-nine pa^s,
says not a word in denunciation of these rebel
insults and outrages, nor does he show any sym-
pathy with those of his neighbors whose blood
has enriched every battle-field in defense of their
country, and whose bones are before Richmond
and Charleston, at Antietam, Gettysburg, Vicks-
burg, and Chattanooga, and whose heroic valor
has piotectcd his home and mine from threatened
invasion by his late political friends. Nor has
ho any charges to make against anybody except
of " madness and folly" against the people, and
railing against the Government, the Quakers, and
abolitionists. The rebellion is tenderly mentioned
as an" ill-judged rebellion"—no crime in it—no
blood on the rebels' hands; only a mistake of
judgment, a bad guess as to time and result!
Sir, I do not think my colleague has allowed his
good feelings to find expression in his speech;
but as it was made to aid in lestoring the Demo-
cratic rule, its errois and fallacies should be
pointed out.
My colleague sees no prospect of the end. He
says: " Nearly three years of civil war have now
discharged their relentless fury upon our unhappy
country, and we are yet apparently as remote
from any satisfactory adjustment of our differ-
ences as when we first fiew to arms." Sir, I
broadly deny this extraordinary statement. Itis
the policy of the rebels, and those who sympa-
thize with them, to undervalue the results already j
accomplished, and to discourage the public feeling
of the North. Jeff. Davis says the South cannot
be conquered, and my colleague deliberately shuts
his eyes to the astonishing results already at- j
tamed. rfhe rebellion is in its last agonies; im- j
mense regions have been reclaimed, several States j
are returning to their allegiance, and on every ,
hand there is but one indication, and. that of the j
increasing power of the Union and the increasing j
weakness of the rebellion. My colleague should !
see this; but theie is none so blind as hu who will 1
not see. His doctrine as to the tru-' characterof i
the Government is a specimen brick of the genu- I
mo Calhoun moid. He " finds no difficulty in a j
divided allegiance," and he holds that allegiance I
to bind the citizen in equal degree to the govern- !
ment of the State and to that of the 'nation,'both
proceeding from the same source—the people of
the several States." This doctrine hns deluded
multitudes into treason, has undermined the Fed-
eral Government, brought on this war, and sacu
rificed the lives of thousands of our people. Oen-
eral Jackson in his day denounced it, and warned
the country against it; and even Mrt Buchanan,
in his last annual message, declared it " to be in-
consistent with the history as well as the char-
acter of the Federal Constitution."" Itmeans'that
we have no national Government; that under the
Constitution there is no Union, but only a knot
of States that may be tied or untied at pleasure;
that there is no such thing as a citizen of the
United States, and no national flag to shelter him.
But, Mr. Chairman, the most cruel feature of '
my colleague's speech is that which, openly pro-
claiming his approval of Mr. Buchanan's course,
impliedly censures that of the great old patriot
whom he and I, once and again, but vainly, la-
bored to make President of the United States—
General Lewis Cass, whose patriotism and states-
manship revolted at the truckling policy of Mr.
Buchanan, and who, when his proposition to gar-
rison the southern forts and maintain possession
of the public property was refused, promptly tend-
ered his resignation and withdrew from the Cab-
inet. If Mr. Buchanan's policy was wise Gen-
eral Cass's was unwise; if Mr. Buchanan was
faithful in his high position General Cass was
mistaken in judgment; if Mr. Buchanan properly
met the great duties of the hour, then General
Cass utterly failed to appreciate the difficulties.
But not so. I can never subsciibe to such a sen-
tence of condemnation against an old friend whom
I have long admired, whom I now revere as among
the worthiest statesmen the country has ever had,
and whose claim to the love and gratitude of pos-
terity rest, in my judgment, more firmly upon his
unshaken fidelity when treason was so general,
than even upon his brilliant records of both civil
and military service. About the time he retired
from the Cabinet he was filled with gloom and
anguish at the threatening aspect of public affairs,
as he fully comprehended the gieat and growing
dangers which threatened the ship of State. His
impressive exclamation at the time, m my pres-
ence, was: ** Wc are lost; wcare destroyed; our
great and glorious country will he ruined. It might
be saved—it might be saved. I have tried to save
it, but can do no more." Glorious words! be-
tokening the great heart of a brave, clear, patri-
otic statesman, who would have saved the coun 
try, thepublicproperty,and subdued the rebellion
had he been President in place of Mr. Buchanan.
As he was not, and the President would do noth-
ing, he left the Cabinet. Yet my colleague in-
dorses Mr. Buchanan and his policy, thus im-
pliedly casting censure and blame upon General
Cass. I resent the imputation, and appeal with
confidence from his words to the judgment of a
free people who will be saved despite the opera
treachery of Buchanan or the covert treachery
of his allies and friends.
I have alluded to the fact that rebellion is not a
new thing in American history; all remember
how piomptly Jackson putdown one, and Taylor
nipped another in the bud. Lincoln has aroused
the loyalty and patriotism of the country to sub-
due the last and worst; and we who are thus this
day engaged are but following the teachings of
those departed patriots around whom a united
country threw its protecting arms, and upon whose
memories it continues to lavish its praise. " The
Union, it must and shall be preserved," was the
motto of Jackson: it is the heart-work ofLincoln.
The rebellion of 1832 was invoked against exist-
ing legislation; this, much less justifiable and
more wicked, was inaugurated in the absence of
offensive legislation, in fact at the moment when
all legislation was not only harmless but harmo-
nious on the late disputed territorial question,
when, by the confession of the ablest of their
leaders, the slaveholders of the South had no
cause to justify secession,* and when by the truth
* The fii-f cjmotion that preset* itself is, .-iiai! tiie people
of the South >t'i'cde ti<>rn tin' Union mi •ohM'quem'O of'ihe
el^euon of Mi. Lincoln to The J'rcMdm'-v "I tlio Hutcd
iFUatea? M\ country men, I tell yun fianUn, nov'uUv, and
eaiHCithf, that I do not (kiak thai they ou^ht. fn my judg-
ment, tfio election of no man, coitMiuuionaJIy cho-on 10
that h'dh nttice, is Mifiicicnf ctui-'e ibi «inj Stalo to separate
fiom the i'lnon. It ouglif to ittmid by and aid *tili in mam-
