1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
247
mentto an amendment, as I understand. We hod
better act upon one proposition at a time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Ohio is right. The pending amendment is
ari amendment to an amendment, and it cannot be
further amended. The question is on the amend-
ment of the Senator from Wisconsin to the amend-
ment of the Senator from New Hampshire.
Mr. HARLAN called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I never like to give ex-
planations fora vote until I am asked to do so; but
I feel that I am compelled to explain my vote in
this case. I do not intend, by voting in favor of
this proposition as I shall do, to say that I agree
to the policy that colored troops shall be enlisted
at all, but if they are enlisted they ought to go to the
credit of the locality in which they are found. And
here I desire to say that I think the Senator from
Massachusetts is mistaken when he says that Mas-
sachusetts has had credit only fur enlistments m
that State. I think there were agents of that State
in Indiana, and negio troops were raised in Indi-
ana for Massachusetts regiments. So I have, un-
derstood .
Mr. WILSON. How is that?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I understood that in the
city of Indianapolis negro troops were organized
for a Massachusetts regiment, and they went to
the credit of Massachusetts. Now I think if we
have negro troops they should go to the credit of
the locality in which they arc found, and therefore
I shall vote for the proposition of the Senator from
Wisconsin.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I wish to adopt the ex-
planation made by the Senator from Indiana as
my own in reference to the vote I shall give on
this amendment. Never by any vote in this
body, under any circumstances, will I recognize
the propriety of enlisting negroes in this or any
other war; but if they arc to be enlisted, if that
is the policy of the cuuntiy, and my action here
cannot prevent it, I adopt the amendment of the
Senator from Wisconsin as just in itself.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is upon the amendment of the Senator from Wis-
consin to the amendment of the Senator from New
Hampshiie.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 27, nays 11; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Blown, Ruckalew, Cnniiess, Cowan.
Davis, Doohulc, Fool, Giinics, II.ilo, Tlaidinir, Harlan,
Horuleison, Henducks Howe, Johnson, T<;uie of Indiana,
Lane of Kansas, Morgan, Morrill, Nesmith, 1'oiue toy. Ram-
sey. Salisbury.Sherman,TenKyck, Trumbull,and Wright
NAY?—Me^rs. Anthony, Claik, Dixon, Fc-^emlen. Fos-
ter, Hairis, Howuulj Spugue, Jiuuniei, Wilkinson, ami
Wilson—11.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
returns on agreeing to the amendment as amended.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desne to suggest to the
Senator fiom New Hampshire that there is no
time specified within which the subsequent draft
alluded to in the amendment is to be made, and
no way by which it can be ascertained.
Mr. CLARK. That must be regulated by the
War Department.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Does your section confer
upon the War Department the power to desig-
nate it?
Mr. CLARK. It is not necessary; the present
law does that.
Mr. DAVIS, Is it in order now to move to
amend the amendment as amended?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the intendment as amended.
Mr. ANTHONY. As the amendment now j
stands,! understand that commutation money paid |
m Massachusetts and Rhode Island, and employed I
to hire negro substitutes in South Carolina and j
Alabama, is to be credited to South Carolina and j
Alabama. I shall vote against the pioposition, j
Mr. DOOLITTLE. fdo not understand such j
to by the < fleet of the amendment of the Senator 1
from New Hampshire. If that is the effect, I
propose to changc it in that respect. 1
Mr. ANTHONY. It certainly is so.
Mr. SHERMAN. The money cannot be ex-
pended by the Secretary of War except for the |
procurement of substitutes to be credited to the !
State. The Secretary of War would have no right [
to ucc that money in South Carolina. i
Mr. ANTHONY. The amendment provides
that the ciedit is to be given to the States within
which the substitutes are laised.
Mr. SHERMAN. But the Secretary of War
would have no power under this provision to use
the money in South Carolina to procure substi-
tutes fur South Carolina, but he must use it to
procure substitutes that can be credited to Mas-
sachusetts or Rhode Island in the case supposed.
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not so understand the
plain English of it. As I read the amendment,
the money that is paid for commutation in any
of the loyal States and expended in the procura-
tion of colored soldiers in any of the rebel States
must be credited to the quotas of such rebel States.
Mr. FOSTER. They cannot be credited any-
where else according to the amendment.
Mr, DOOLITTLE. I do not understand such
to be the effect of the proviso at all. The pro-
viso at the end of the amendment, which has been
added on my motion, simply limits the power in
one particular. This commutation money which
is paid into the hands of the Secretary of the
Treasury is to procure substitutes for the defi-
ciency in the particular district fiom which the
draft is made. The proviso which I have added
to the section declares that colored troops are to
be credited where they are enlisted. If colored
troops ate procuied within that district they go to
its quota. If it goes outside of the district and
employs aliens, if you please, they can be credited
to the district; but colored troops who may be en-
listed outside of the district, in another State, are
not to be received as substitutes for that distuct;
but that does not authorize the Secretary of War
to employ this money for that purpose. He is
to use the money so as to procure substitutes for
that district.
Mr. ANTHONY. Well, suppose the Seeie-
taty of War obtains recruits in South Carolina,
to what State arc they to be credited :
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I suppose that where a
regiment of negro troops are enlisted in South
Carolina, they ought to be credited as so many
troops fighting for the Union from South Oaio-
lina.
Mr. ANTHONY. Suppose they are paid for
by the commutation money that is raised hy
Massachusetts r
Mr. DOOLITTLE. They cannot be paid for
by the money from Massachusetts.
Mr. ANTHONY. Then I cannot comprehend
the amendment.
Mr. WILSON, L"t me ask the Senator from
Wisconsin why it is necissarv to put it on this
bill?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I w ill answer the Senator.
I understand the State of Massachusetts has m
Louisiana raised one or two regiments of colored
troops, it has been so said.
Mr. WILSON. It was Connecticut.
Mr. FOSTER. I am suie Connecticut has not.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Was it not Wisconsin ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. No, sir, it was not Wis-
consin .
Mr. HOWE. Wisconsin furnishes her own
troops, and does not allow them to be beaten.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It is certainly just that the
colored tioops which are raised in Maryland—
they say they are raising colored troops in Ma-
ryland—should be credited to that State; and if
while ni the operations growing out of the war
we arc trampling down the institution of slnvciy
and enlisting the slaves and breaking down those
relations, let them have the incidents! benefit that
comes out of crediting to their quota of troops in
the field the men enlisting into the service, black
as well as white. It is but just.
Mr. CONNESS. I rise simply to suggest to
the Senatorftom Wisconsin whether thedsfliculty
cannot be avoided by adding a provision applying
this limitation to the States m which a draft moy
be made by the Government. Then it would ap-
ply to Maryland, to Tennessee, to Kentucky, to
Delaware, and Missouri, where black persons are
employed in the Army; and then it would notap-
ply to South Carohnaor to Alabama; but as fast
as the Government gets possession of the rebel
States, and can make a diaftthere, then it would
apply to them. 1 suggest the addition of a pro-
vision to the amendment which shall make this
limitation apply only to the States where the Gov-
ernment has drafted or hereafter may draft. I
call for the reading of the amendment again.
Mr. HALE. I rise to a privileged question. I
voted with the majority upon the amendment of
the Senator from 'Wisconsin. I did it because,
in my judgment, as it struck my ear, it was just;
but at the suggestion of some friends who have
given more attention to it than I have, and upon
whose judgment I rely, and who suggest that the
amendment has been entirely misunderstood, I
move a reconsideration of the vote by which it
was adopted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New Hampshire moves to reconsider the vote by
which the amend mentto the amendment has just
been adopted. The Senator from Kentucky in-
quiied of the Chair a moment since if it was further
in older to move to amend the amendment. The
Chair undeistood the Senator as applying his re-
mark to the amendment to the amendment. It
is in order farther to amend the amendment, but
not that poition of it which has just been adopted.
Mr. CLARK. The amendmentof the Senator
from Wisconsin has the effect at least to render
the construction of the section as amended am-
biguous. I think there had better be no ambi-
guity about it, and we had, perhaps, better recon-
sider the vote just taken, and then if the Senator
from Wisconsin can make his amendment more
specific, clear it of the ambiguity, we may adopt
it. But the Senate will see that we have refused
just now to make any distinction between the
white recruit and the black recruit, implying
theieby that the Secietary of War may recruit a
black man with this commutation money; but this
proviso is that if he does recruit him, he shall not
be credited to the State furnishing the money, but
he shall be credited to South Carolina if recruited
there. That, I think, is the fair interpolation ac-
coidmg to the history of the section; but that con-
struction is denied. I think wo had better avoid
that ambiguity, and reconsider the vote, and per-
fect the amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
reconsidering the vote by which the amendment
to the amendment was adopted.
The motion to reconsider was not agreed to;
theie boinir, on a division—ayes 15), noes 22.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question rc-
cuis on ngrecmg to the amendment asauiended.
Mr. HOWARD. I ask that it be read aw it
now stands.
The amendment was read, as follows:
JJntlhrit fuUha unudaJ, That the commutation money
paid hy person*, ihnttcd in any congics&ional dmuct shall
he applied hj the War Pcpattment lor the ptoomation of
•substitutes which Mil^ntute^ shall be eiediied to tliauhv-
tiict in hllum quota; and it the quota of such disuiet
shall not then in; lull, a hntiiej dialt shall be made m sud
distuct, act onUiui to the pi o\i-non^ ot tins act, and the act
to which it is in nnn-nduient, and like pioeeedinj^ h.td
until the quota ot Mieli di-met shall he filled ; but tin-* ?ec-
tion shall not be con-lined to afe'Ct in any way the commu-
tation money pan! undei the eighteenth section of this? act:
Pioiulc'i, That rolon'd tioops? enhstf:d and mustcied mto
the seiviee of the Tinted State* shall be credited upon the
quota of the ^taie within winch they ate enlibted, and not
upon tiie quota of am other State.
Mr. HO WARD. 11 seems to me that that pro vis-
ion has the effect of giving two ct edits for the same
man; first, to the congressional district in which
the money is paid. That money is to be employed
by the Secretary of War to piocuro a substitute.
The Secretary sees fit to employ the money to
procure the substitute in South Carolina; arid this
provision declares that this substitute shall him-
self be credited to South Carolina, which has not
furnished the money for procuring the substitute.
If the case existed m Massachusetts, Massachu-
setts of course would be entitled to a credit for
the money which she has paid; but the substitute
being procuied in South Carolina, with Massa-
! chusetts money, South ^Carolina, it seems to me
: very unjustly,"is to receive a credit for that which
> she has not furnished at all. I am therefore op-
' posed to the clause as it now stands. It, lias a
1 double effect very clearly to my mind, if I under-
stand it propei fy; but perhaps I do not.
Mr. POMEROY. If the Senator from Wis-
consin would confine his amendment to those
States where the di\ift applies, I think it would
be correct; but if it extends to States where there
is no enrollment and no dial't, it is manifestly in-
coirect and unjust. I do not know anything
about any State of South Carolina that is to have
troops credited to her; but if the amendment of
the Senator from Wisconsin could be limited to
districts where the draftapphes, I should have no
