1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
for a grant of lands to the Stat of Iowa in alter-
nate sections to aid in the construction of a rail-
road in said State.
MERCANTILE INSURAKCM COMPANY—-AGAIN.
Mr. JENCKES. 1 ask whether this be a
question of right or a question of favor. If it be
granted as a matter of favor, as the gentleman
from Kentucky seems to consider it, it will be a
precedent in favor of other cases, and we must
apply it as a precedent in cases which come be-
fore the House. But I have to say this, and only
this, that if this bill is passed the business of
insuring greenbacks will be the most profitable
insurance business in the country. All that the
insurers will have to do will be, in the first place
to pocket the premium, and then, if loss occurs,
to come to this Governmentand be reimbursed.
Mr. MALLORY. The gentleman will allow
me to suggest that if his view be correct the pre-
mium charged on insurance of greenbacks will be
reduced so low as to increase the value of green-
backs in the market, the thing which we all so
much desire.
Mr. GARFIELD. If my colleague will allow
me, I wish to say that this seems t« me to be
a perfectly clear case. Our Government does
redeem its mutilated notes now; and in cases
where the mutilation is so great that only small
fragments of the notes remain it redeems the pro-
portional value that the fragments bear to the
whole note. I think we ought to pass some law
to provide for the redemption of notes which have
no fragments left but which are clearly proved to
have been utterly destroyed.
A case came into my hands a few weeks since
in which a party sent me the fragments of some
notes which had been burned. They were sent to
the Treasury Department; and, according to the
rules of that Department, one half of the amount
of the notes was allowed. But I was informed at
the same time that they had no rules for paying
notes that had been utterly destroyed, even though
the proof of their destruction were peifect; and
that such cases must be referred to the future
legislation of Congress.
Mr. FENTON. I will inquire of the gentle-
man from Ohio if the fragments thus presented
to the Treasury Department must not mark the
identity of the notes.
Mr. GARFIELD. Certainly.
Mr. COLE, of California. I would ask the
gentleman if under the rule which has been es-
tablished the party would not be entitled to come
to Congress for loss sustained by one half of the
notes being gone.
Mr. GARFIELD. I presume he would. But
all 1 mean to sa^ is this, that the Treasury De-
partment m exercising what seems to me to be a
very just power does recognize the right of hold-
ers to be remunerated for losses of this sort. The
only objection I have to the bill now before us is
that it is a special bill and in favor of a special
party. It seems to me that we ought to have a
general law covering all these cases, and if the
passage of this bill will not piejudice the passage
of such a general law, if I can have any pledge
from the Committee of Ways and Means that it
will provide a general rule covering all such cases,
I shall have no objection whatever to the passage
of this bill. I do object, however, to special le-
gislation for corporations, when individuals all
over the country are suffering because they have
not influence enough to come before Congress
and get through measures for their own relief.
Mr. THAYER. With the permission of the
gentleman from Ohio, I will say that gentlemen
who favor this bill seem to misconceive very
much the point involved. This is not the case
of notes lost in the hands of an ordinary holder,
but it is the case of an application for extraordi-
nary relief on the part of a company that has in-
sured against this very peril, for which it now
asks relief from Congress. Now, what I say is
that the company has no equity m demanding
this extraordinary relief from the Government.
The question, therefore, which has been argued,
whether the Government does not owe the amount
of these notes to somebody, is entirely aside from
the question now before us. The Government
may or may not owe this to somebody. We ail
know that thousands and thousands of debts of
this kind are extinguished every day by banking
institutions in the country by the loss of the notes
which are the evidence of their indebtedness. I
suppose that in an ordinary case a man who comes
here to ask relief of this kind would be entitled to
it immediately, but the point here is that the
parties who ask for this extraordinary relief from
Congress have no equity entitling them to ask it,
because they are asking to be made good for a loss
against which they have insured, and for insuring
which they have been paid.
Mr. STEVENS. I want to ask mp colleague
a question. What right has a defendant who
owes the money to inquire into the equity of the
title of the plaintiff? In the case of Armstrong
against Lancaster it was decided that he had no
such right.
Mr. ODELL. Mr. Speaker, reference has
been made to the character of the gentlemen who
make this application. In the first place, the party
who owned the "notes originally and had them in-
sured would make no claim unless it was a well-
grounded one. The statement of the firm is all
that a New York merchant would require. The
president, secretary, and trustees of this insur-
ance company are among the best men of the
city of New York. Their statement of a loss is
all that any gentleman who knows them would
require. They have made their affidavits. Then-
affidavits cover the whole ground. I deem it due
to them to say that there is no earthly doubt about
the justice of this claim.
It is proposed as an additional security that the
company shall give a bond of indemnity for twice
the amount involved, so that if the notes should
turn up the company—one of the most responsi-
ble in the country—will be liable to the Govern-
ment for the amount.
In reference to the merits of the case it seems
to me that gentlemen should act upon it as they
would do between each other in a matter of busi-
ness. The Government certainly owes some-
body $8,000. We have abundance of proof that
this $8,000 has been entirely lost. Why, then,
should not this insurance company be indemni-
fied by the Government for the loss it has in-
curred ? There are precedents for this course.
I find in the statutes of 184G that agents of the
Government who had Treasury notes purloined
from their possession which were stolen and
passed into circulation have been indemnified to
the extent of $50,000. I see no reason why these
notes that are known to have been lost and de-
stroyed should not be reissued to the parties en-
titled to them. I hope the bill will pass.
Mr. PENDLETON moved the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation
the bill was engrossed and read the third time.
Mr. WASHI5URNE, of Illinois, called for the
yeas and nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas G7, nays G5; as follows:
VI-jAS — IVTchsi-. Anoona, Hailv, Jacob I?. Ulair, Bh-s,
Brooke, James S, Hiown, Ohanlcr, Aminos W. Chuk,
t'oflioll), Co*, Ciaven-, Dawson, IMen,Edgeiton, lliilridjje, j
Finek, Frank. Gannon, Car field, (Ji ider, <*i i^w old, |
llalc, Hail, Ifuuhui;, {Vujaniin (I. Harris, Chat !<•  M. liar- 1
ri*, f Ierrick, Asaln-1 W. Huhlmul, lliitolmiv, I'Uilip John-
son, Kalbflei^eii, Reman. Km1*, Law, La/cur, Lous,Mal-
lory, iMarcy, MeAlli.-ter, Allude. Ajjrldlctou, Willmm II.
Miller, Nc} .011, Noble, Udell, John O'lYeill, Pendleton,
J'myn, Itolun-on, James S. Rolling Ko^, Stevens, Stile*, •
Stiou--e, Stuait* Suf*ui, Thoma^, Vooiljee^, WadiworU), j
Whaler, Wheeler, WiHdom, Winllehi, Fernando Wood,
Woodhudije. and Yeaman—b7.
NAYH—Mews. Alley, Allm>ji.Ames, Andetson, Ashley,
AnsuMiH C. IJaldwin, John D. Baldwin, iVaman, Bout
well, Bojd, LhoomalL William G, Biown, Fieemau Clarke,
Cole, Henry Winfoi Davis. Dawes, Deminsr, Eliot,
Fentoti,Grinnell, II, liotchkios John II. Ilubli.iul. llul-
huul, Jont-ke-., William Johnson, Ka^son, Fraueis W. Kel-
loirii, Orlando K' 'loair, Jattlejoim, Loan, Loiuyear, Mc-
CluV,', Me J iidoe, ^anniH l<\ Miller, Moorhead, Amos Myers,
Leonard Myers. Norton, CharU> U'NojII, Orth, Patterson,
Puiliani, L'ike, Pomeroy, Price, William IT. Randall, Alex-
ander 11. Rice, John II. Rice. Kihvaul II. Rollins, Schenck,
Scofield, Sliamion, Sloan, dumber?-. Spalding, Tliajur,
Tiaev, Vjisnn, Van Vaikenbnt^h, fihhti B. Washburne,
William 13. Washburn, Wilder, and Wilson—65.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. PENDLETON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I ask unanimous consent to make
a report from the Committee of Claims.
The SPEAKER. The morning-hour business
continues all day, unless interrupted, after the ex-
piration of the hour, by other business', such as a
special order,going into Committee of theWhole^
or proceeding to business on the Speaker's table.
Reports of committees are therefore stillin order,
and the next committee to "be Called is the Com-
mittee of Claims. > * '
EXPENSES OF I^vIsTiaATINJS COMMITTEES. ;
Mr.. STEVENS. I ask my colleague to give*
way to me to report, from the Committee of Ways
and Means; a bill to pay the expenses-of investi-
gating committees. Members of the committee
on the conduct of the war have had to go to Port
Pillow, and are now ordered to go to other places,
and have not got a dollar appropriated for their
expenses.
Mr. HALE. I yield, if it will takeupnotime.
Mr. STEVENS, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, then reported back Senate joint reso-
lution No. 37, for the payment of the expenses
incurred by the joint committee on the conduct of
the war.
The joint resolution was ordered to a third read-
ing; and was accordingly read the third time, and
pasned.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider oil the \
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PAY OF CONTESTANT.
Mr. UPSON. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee of Elections to report" back the resolution
referred to thatcommitteefor the paymentof Mr.
Biuce, contesting the seat of Mr. Loan, with the
following as a substitute for the resolution:
Resolved, That there be paid out of the contingent fund
ol tile lluiho to John P. Biuee loi tin! tulie *pi'nt and cx-
pen.-es inclined while contesting the tight of Benjamin F.
J .0,111 to a seat in tills House as Repi^entntive, the usual
mileage. f"r one session <uul tin- monthly compensation dur-
ing tiie session, to ami including the month of May.
Mr. STEVENS. If I understand it correctly,
the original resolution gave to Mr. Bruce the usual
pay and mileage, and that the substitute proposes
to give him a specific sum. Now, sir, I am op-
posed to the substitute. I go upon the principle
that where a contestant makes out a prima facie
case he is entitled to pay and mileage, and that
where he makes out no prima fade ca.sc, whatever
is given him is merely a matter of grace upon the
part of the House. Now, suppose a member is
occupying a seat here and the contestant claims
the election and unseats him. It shows that the
member never was entitled to the seat, and yet he
always receives pay and mileage from the com-
mencement of Congress until the case is decided.
You cannotgive him only a portion of the amount,
you must give him the entire amount; and so I
hold that when the contestant comes here with a
pi Una facie case he is entitled to the whole amount.
In this instance the contestant has made out a
prima facie case by obtaining the report of the
committee in his favor.
Now, it is just like a case before a grand jury.
One man prosecutes another. If the bill is found
it makes out a prima facie case, and the party ia
not liable to be proceeded against for malicious
prosecution; while if the grand jury ignore the
case the presumption is the other way. Now,'
here is a pi ima facie case, and it seems to me that
the usual rule should be followed. ^ I hope, there-
fore, that the substitute will not be adopted, and
that the original resolution will be adopted.
Mr. UPSON. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania is somewhat mistaken in relation to the sub-
stitute reported by the c'oihmittee. The substi-
tute mentions no specificsum; but the committee
thought it would be just and proper to allow the
contestant mileage for one session, and also the
regular pay of a member from the time the ses-
sion commenced, which will be some six months,
and make the amountsomewhere near three thou-
sand dollars in all.
The House will remember that the committee
did not report in favor of the contestant, but re-
ported against both the contestant and the sitting
member.
In relation to the practice which has heretofore
prevailed, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is
much more familiar with it than I am; but lam
informed that while the rate of compensation for
members was eight dollars a day the rule usually
adopted in these cases was to allow a per diem
