8246
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 24,
Mr. PIKE. Has the gentleman from Illinois
concluded lus remarks?
Mr. W. J. ALLEN. I understand the gentle-
man desires to read a letter, and as I have heard
a great deal about Admiral Porter's disinterested
action with reference to this matter I yield for the
purpose of having it read.
Mr. PIKE. Ifthegemlemanfrom Illinois has
concluded his remarks I will read it.
Mr. WASHBUItNE, of Illinois. The gentle-
man from Illinois holds the floor by my consent,
and if he is through I svill yield it to the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Spalding.]
Mr. WILSON. I want to ask the gentleman
a question. I understand the gentleman to say
that the paiticular point at which it is intended
to locate tlusyard is never inundated. I ask the
gentleman to state where that particular point is?
Mr. W. J. ALLEN. I have said very rarely
did it overflow. I favored no particular point my-
self for the location of this yard. But the point
where 1 suppose it isintended to locate itisabout
two and a half miles above Cairo, outside of the
levee, on the Ohio river, i had simply supposed
that was the point fiom marks and indications
upon the maps and charts. Soundings have been
taken there, and the depth of the water ascertained
and marked. The depth of the water is shown
to be amply sufficient, and the curient is only
one and a half mile an hour. It is adjacent to
tiie railroad; coal, iron,and timberof every char-
acter necessary inabundance. These,with various
other rea&ons, induced me to suppose that that
pariicular point would probably be selected.
Mr. WILSON. My object was to show that
Mound City was entirely out of this ring, and
that Caiio was already determined as the point.
Mr. W. J. ALLEN. 1 desire to say to the
gentleman that 1 represent Mound City as well
as Cairo, and I did not know till he was kind
enough to inform me that it was entirety out of
the nn^.
Mr. WILSON. I supposed so, for the reason
that the gentleman named a point only one and a
half mile from Oauo.
Mr. W. J. ALLEN. Mr. Chairman, 1 tuke
much interest in Mound City, and in every other
locality in my district. This bill only authorizes
the President to locate this yard, if he wishes, at
or near Cairo, and I suppose Mound City is
entirely within the terms of the bill, and if the
President deems that the best place he will have
the navy-yard located there.
Mr. WILSON". But itseems to be understood
that it in to be located only a mile and a half from
Cairo.
Mr. W. J. ALLEN. These maps and charts
were ptepared with reference to the location of the
navy-yaid at Cairo. This I do not controvert,
and the reason for it was the supposition that
Cairo was the proper point; yet I have no objec-
tion or desire that Mound City should not have a
fttir and honorable compeiition wall Cairo, and the
naval depot loeated there by the Piesidentif it is
thought to be the better place. I do not believe
the people of Caiio think it is, nor do I believe
that the people of Mound City think Cairo the
better place. Tin: people in neitln r place, ^o fai
as 1 know, have objected to the course I have pur-
sued in icierence to this matter. I think Mound
City is near enough to C.iuo to come within the
terms of the bill, if it is thought to be the better
place, 1 do not propose to put it out of the
ring, or put it in, but to leave Us meiiis and the
merits of Cairo to be passed upon by the Presi-
dent. 1 hardly think my constituents at Mound
City, even though dissatisfied with me as their
Reprt senlative, would exhibit such folly as they
would manifest by calling on the gentleman from
Iowa, [Mr. Wilson,] to repiesent ihem. They
have shown m the past a degree of intelligence
and energy ptecluding any such an idea. No,
sir. That gentleman is a volunteer in this matter.
iiut, Mr. Chairman, let all this go. Thatgen-
tlemen from Iowa, from Missouri, from Indiana,
and othei portions of the country would like to
have this great national improvement within their
respective Slates is not to be wondered at. 1 beg
of them, however, not to blame Cairo, because that
point i« the head of navigation on the Mississippi
tor vessels of the largest class. Above ttand be-
tween it and St. Louis you have low water and
sand-bars and innumerable difficulties in summer
and autumn, rendering navigation difficult even
for small steamers, and in winter you often have
ice for periods embracing many weeks, suspend-
ing navigation altogether.
The objections to locating a depot for naval pur-
poses high up on the Ohio at Evansville, at New
Albany, or any intermediate point, are still more
insuperable if possible. Gentlemen, do not let your
State pride drive you into opposition to a measure
which the President and Secretary of the Navy
have both told you is of vital national importance
at this time.
I want the location near Cairo, it is true. I have
taken a deep interest in trying; to get this Con-
gress to fix upon that as the place, but whether
gentlemen believe me or not, I will say that if 1
thought there was a better place for the location
of this depot, intended to strengthen the mam arm
of the public service, even though that place was
outside of my State, I would go for it cordially,
and contribute everything in my power looking
to its success. Holding the floor as I do, by the
courtesy of my colleague, [Mr. Washburne,] 1
reluctantly yield it to him.
Mr. WASHBUKNE, of Illinois. I now yuM
to the gentleman fiom Ohio.
Mr. SPALDiNG. It will be recollected by
the House that some weeks ago the Committee
on Naval Affairs of the House asked permission
to go and explore the western country and select
a suitable site for this navy-yaid. The House
refused to grant that permission. In that de-
cision of the House the Naval Committee acqui-
esced, and then, from the best lighis befoj e them,
made a report to this House recommending the
appointment of a commission to go, examine, and
select a suitable site for a navy-yuul. So much
for the action of the committee.
Now, a bill comes into this House from the
Senate, locating the navy-yard at or near Cairo,
m Illinois. It is asked that this bill may bo com-
mitted to the standing Committee on Naval Af-
faus of this House, is it to be refused? Is it
10 be expected that thu bill,so very important in
ns chauicter and consequences, will he passed
through this House with eveiy member of the
Naval Committee voting against ir, for such will
be the ease unless the bill i.s commuted ? I do not
speak here in my place against Cauo or Mound
City, much less do 1 wish to be considered as
commuted individually against enlur point. I
am as well prepared to vote, or shall vote, m fa-
vor of Cairo as Mound City, or perhaps any other
place to be suggested. Hut there aie some other
points, some on the Mississippi, some on the
Ohio, that desene consideration.
The Committee on iSaval AfFaii s have had pe-
titions in abundance referred to them f om [joints
in Indiana, as well as from Illinois, and from
points in iVJissouu as well as from Indiana and
Illinois, and it is no nioie than pioperthat those
petitions and memorials shall be considered.
Now, is this House prepared to say that Cairo,
and no other point but Caiio, is the place for the
establishment of the depot? Asa member of the
Naval Committee, I most respectfully protest
against it; and I ask that the House will commit
this bill to the Naval Committee for its considei-
ation and report, or else amend the bill by the
substitute reported from the Committee on Naval
Affairs appointing a commission to select a suit-
able site, if the bill be pressed to a vote now,
without submitting it to the consideration of the
Naval Committee, or without the amendment of
that committee, I shall feel constiamed to vote
UbMr! WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will yield
now to the gemieman from Maine, [Mr. Pike.]
Mr. PIKE. Some of the gentlemen who have
spoken in regard to this resolution know what
this site is tiom personal observation. In that
lespect they are better informed than I am. I
can only speak fiom what I hear; but 1 supposed
that Cairo was always liable to oveiflow at tho
periods of high water in the Mississippi and Ohio
livers. One gentleman who represents a western
district told me yesterday that he was there two
years ago, and found it so over/lowed that they
could only get into the second story of the houses
there by paddling a boat and getting in through
the windows.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. What mem-
ber wms that ?
Mr. PilvE.* Mr. Law, oflndiana. The prop-
osition of the Naval Committee is to refer the
matter to a commission, to report a suitable site;
and the question before the House is between
that proposition and the Senate bill, which fixes
the sue at Cairo. A letter from Admiral Foote
has been quoted by the gentleman horn Illinois
[Mr. W. J. Allen] as being in favor or fixing
the site at Cairo. 1 hold in my hand the letter
he refers to, dated February 9, 1863, and 1 ask the
attention of the House to his description of Cairo.
He says:
" In relation to Cairo, the soil is alluvial, and in the high-
est stages of wafer it is difficult at times to prevent the over-
fiowni^ of the levee,involving serious damage of material
and stores."
That is Admiral Foote's opinion. I hold in
my hand another letter, one fiom Admiral Por-
ter, and I call attention to it because something
has been said of a lobby, about which I know
nothing. I understand m relation to Cairo, and
have always understood, that it was an eastern
speculation,and a very bad speculation at that.
I ask the Clerk to read the letter of Admiral
Porter.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Mississippi Squadron, Flag Ship Clack Hawk,
Cairo, Februaiy 21, lbu4.
Dear Sir : I sec by the papers that a resolution has been
offciod in the Hous-e of R.'pjeventsitives to vote sooo.oou
lor a navy-yaid at Cairo. This is only a move of specula-
tor^ and I hope that no place will hesp-eified m the Wost
without ihe matt* i being examined hv a competent board
oi naval officer-: Cairo is not the place, anyhow. I do
not know lhat we want any navy-yard nppiopnation just
jot. I have lined out the largest i-quadum m Hie N.ivy
with a A vv old FiCmont moiiar-bo.Usconvoitea into black*
smith shops and a lew floating carpenter shop-s, and can
now get nlotu* verv well.
{ thought u i ight to miorm you of tin* ni.utei. there is
no i) c to waste any iwne money than (an he helped.
Very tiuly, youis, DAVID J). i'OKTEK,
Rem JJthniral.
Hon. J. VV. Grimes, United States Senate, Washington)
Dishict of Columbia.
Mr. PIICE. Now, the question is whether the
House knows so much about this situation at
Cairo as to fix definitely a navy-yard there against
the opinion of these distinguished naval officers,
lather than submit the matter to a boaid, to be
appointed by the Seeietary of the Navy, who
shall go out there and examine, and alter exam-
ination pronounce an opinion as to the best site
for this purpose. I have no personal interest in
thi-j mattei, nor have my constituents. But we
wish two things: we wish to get the best place
for a navy-yaid, and we wish to save the public
money. If it be a fact, as suggested by Admiral
Porter, that there aie speculators at the bottom
of this matter, that is an additional reason why
this bill should not now be passed by the House.
But throwing t hat out of consideration, the House
has no intoimatiou on which it can say to-day
that Caiio is the best place for a western navy-
yai d, and a commission can decide whei e the best
plaee is.
Under these ciicumstauces I hope the amend-
ment will not prevail. i\ly friend from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Moorhead] has a letter in relation
to this subject which I wish he would have read.
Mr. MO'ORllISAD. Will the gentleman from
Illinois yield to me to have the letter read?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will.
Mr. MOORHEAD. 1 ask then that the letter
which I send up, fiom the chief engineer of the
Navy Department, be read.
The Cleik lead, as follows:
^t. Louis, Missouri, February 17, 1?64.
Dear ^ir • f h-iv • ju-t returned hero fiom taking one of
the gunboats to Adtnual Porter's licet, and received your
lettei oi the btii n^tant.
1 legiet not beiiii? prepared to give you an opinion re-
gauhnq the piopej location loi a navy-yard at the West,
it is a subject reqimmg carclui invet.tigauoii and consider-
ation. It seem-mo me that the only safe and sine action
loi C'>ogtc.*s  is to cause a commission ot boaid "I* compe-
tent peifcons to he appointed to thoroughly examine and
icpoit upon the points by tnem deemed bestsuitrdto the
pin pose. The> should be a mixed boaidot some live mem-
ber. Say two naval otficoM, two from tin; Co.iotSuivey,
and one engineer.
There will doubtless be influence brought from many
points, and all kinds of icpicseutauons of the claimants
lcgauhng the -upenonty ot their different localities.
So far as my observation ami experience have extended
I consider Cairo or Mound City totally unlit tor such nn
e-tabh.shment, and any place on the Mississippi above
(J.ino should not be considered at all, b jeansi: there ia not
sufficient depth ot water nom lieie to Cairo tor more than
ii'iiety days ut the \e;ir to float a vessel ofeighi feet drauyh:
ol watfu. A- an "illu-~tiauort ot what might be expected
if a navy-\aid were located heie, i will state thntthegun-
borfi Oz.uk, (hawing onh ?ix lect of water, has been here
since August Ust, uuul a few days ago, awaitingthe water
to rise *o that she could be taken to Cairo, and that several
