1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1295
which from that day to this has called forth the
willing sacrifices of every true American heart,
and will continue to do so until its enemies are
extirpated, arid its false friends consigned to a
just sentence of scorn and contempt.
The progress of events has been steadily on-
ward. The military power of the icbels gieatly
weakened, the territory once held by them vastly
reduced and cut in twain by our rescue of the Mis-
sissippi river from their grasp,gradually theyare
being beaten back, their supplies being exhausted,
their available forces constantly reducing, and the
disaffected elements rapidly increasing. Upon the
ruins of their original structure of government a
merciless military despotism has been erected,
which vigorously strikes down every opposing
right and privilege, which has broken evei y con-
tract made with the people, has practically repudi-
ated the entire currency, has conscripted the en-
tire arms-bearing population, and their officers
shoot down all who will not willingly obey their
summons, broken up courts, and, m a word, has
erected a military organization the most concen-
trated and vigorous the world has ever seen. Such
are, as I believe, our enemies; while our Admin-
istration has been ever scrupulous of public and
private rights, and has never unjustifiably invaded
either. No man ever exorcised summary power
more cautiously than Mr. Lincoln, none more
honestly; none ceased it more gladly than he will
when the public interests may justify. They who
denounce him as a usurper know little of his high
conscientiousness, and regard but little that public
interest which is, with him, the pole-starof duty,
and which now calls so loudly for his reelection.
Meanwhile, under the unparalleled financial man-
agement of the Secretary of the Treasury, our
Government loans are taken with eagerness, the
taxes are paid with promptness and cheerfulness,
the Army is beingfillcd by reenhstments, and the
heart and voice of the nation are rallying more
closely and bravely aruund the Administration,
insuring us against triumphs of our foes in the
field or our political foes at home. Sir, among
the people of my district there are few, very few,
who are not faithful to the nation m this great
crisis of its need. The defection there, as else-
where* is confined to extreme pro-slavery men,
who uphold it not only for its own sake, but as a
means of achieving partisan success, in shameless
disregard of their solemn duties to the country.
Why should slavery be upheld? It deserves no
such fate. It has long divided, distracted, and
troubled us. It was from the beginning, and has
gone on ever-increasingly to distract and embroil
us. It has been, and is, the great bono of con-
tention, over which, at last, we have come, to
blows. To save it is to perpetuate this discord.
To destroy it is to secure the present, and make
peaceful and glorious the future. Bat it cannot
be destroyed by proclamations alone; the power
of law should be invoked to make thedestruction
complete in character and peifect in extent. It
must be wiiuen in the Constitution that slavery
shall no more exist in any American Stale. Then,
and only then, may we sing the requiem of sla-
very. At present it is wounded, deeply wound-
ed by the blows that have been given by its
own friends. It bleeds, but its wounds may be
stanched, unless by a staggering blow the people
utterly destroy it by force of public and unchange-
able law.
The principle of slavery is the inspiration of the
rebellion, and it is yet so held and defended by
the organs of public sentiment in the rebellious
States. I quote one declaration: "So far from be-
lieving that slavery must die, "says the Richmond
Whig, " we have long held the opinion that it is
the normal and only h m«ne relation which labor
can sustain toward capital. When the war is
over we shall urge thar every Yankee who ven-
tures to put i'oot on southern soil be made a slave
for life and wear an iron collar as a badge of in-
feriority to the African. Slavery will stab itself
to death about the time the Yankees learn to tell
the tiuth, and no sooner."
Sir, there is no safety for liberty on this conti-
nent, nor for free labor, without the suppression
of the rebellion, and the extirpation of the pesti-
lent aristocracy ofopinon which snsfjms it, and
the complete conformation of our institutions to
tfie principles of the Declaration of Independence.
1 pity while I despise the man in the loyal North
who sympathizes with this icbellion, font is based
upon the narrowest and most exclusive ideas. It
is aimed as a blow at the doctrines which under-
lie our whole system of republican liberty, and
if successful it is intended to be the lever by
which European systems are to be introduced
and established upon this free continent, and by
which the whole current of events, which thus
far has tended to the amelioration of human suf-
fering and the extension of human rights, shall be
reversed and become assimilated to the monarch-
ical and aristocratic systems of Europe. The man
who is engaged in this work is a public enemy;
the man who in this home of liberty aids and abets
him deserves the execration of mankind.
But the object of those struggling for political
power, under this view of the case can never be
accomplished, because the Union cannot and will
not be restored except through the successful
prosecution of the war.
The rebels remain or pretend to be sanguine of
success. They are bold, daring, and impracti-
cable; they propose no teims of negotiation, and
will listen to none except with the fundamental
condition that this Government recognize their
independence. This done, they will then treat
concerning the navigation of the Mississippi, in-
ternational trade, the return of fugitive slaves, and
the thousand and one questions that would arise
between citizens of the contiguous Governments.
Who is prepared for tins? None, I trust, al-
though the peace policy advocated by gentlemen
on the other side of the House leads inevitably to
this result. The amnesty proclamation of the
President has g'one forth; let the power of the
Army and the vigorous prosecution of the war
follow until the rebels are subdued and plead for
terms. There is no other hope for any one of us,
or for any interest, outside of thrs. I have no
especial anxieties ubout reconstruction and the
questions which will arise out of it. I believe the
President has skillfully escaped the difficulties
surrounding the problem; and I believe that the
people of the South, removed from the pressure
of the militaiy powei of the rebels, and anxious
to escape the tyrannical exactions which have
been laid upon them, will rally around the old
flag,and under the inspiration of the great lepson
that has been taught will reconstruct their State
governments, resume thcirrelations with the Gen-
eral Government, and make those relations stable
and secure by abolishing slavery, the cause of all
the evil. Already Tennessee, Arkansas, Mis-
souu, and Louisiana «rc treading m that direc-
tion. Alabamaalso shows signsof wheelmginto
line. The others of our "erring sisters," re-
deemed and d'sinthralled, will in due order of
progression follow, until finally we have a Union
of reconstructed States without a blemish or de-
formity, and every star restored to more than us
former brightness and glory.
What is "to prevent this result, and why should
it not be attained speedily? While southern con-
scription has dragooned into the army not only
the able-bodied men of proper age, but old men
and boys have not been spared, and they have
thus gone on until nearly their entire force is ex-
hausted, we on the othei hand have only fairly
commenced, and not more than one fifth of our
available population has been called to arms.
While the southern finances have become ex-
hausted, and the issues of their treasury almost
as worthless as the paper upon which they are
printed, our financial success has become the
wonder of the world, and our own loyal citizens
have freely and promptly purchased the Govern- j
ment loans at par, thus furnishing the means ne- [
cessary to prosecute the war without borrowing j
a dollar fiom foreign Powers. "While the south- i
em army and southern citizens are famishing for !
want of commissary supplies,the gianariesof the ;
North are filW with abundnnce. While com- i
merce, tiade, and agriculture hi the South are al- ;|
most totally destroyed,and by a rigid and vjgor-
ous blockade they are cut oft* from trade with the
wot Id, the northern States never were so com- ■!
pletely prosperous as at this moment. Agnail- ^
iui<■, commerce, manufactures, and trade of all >
kinds aie working up to their fullest capacity; the 'j
people hy honest"industry and toil are becoming !
rapidly enriched; the ability to pay taxes sutii- |
eicnt to lay a foundation d«vp a id broad enough I
to sustain the public credit, should the public dwd
quadiupleits presenr propoi tions is ample; and i
with a loyalty of hem t and devotion oi purpose
they are as willing as they are able to pour their
wealth into the public Treasury until treason is
blotted from this continent.*
Why then should any one doubt or fear.the re-
sult? With the rebellion thus suppressed, all
elements of discord removed by the destruction
of slavery, the national life regenerated, we may
safely anticipate an unbroken and prosperous fu*
ture for the Union. Under the influence of its
intelligent and educated labor wisely directed, of
the unparalleled productions of which it is capa-
ble, of the wealth it will draw from the Old
World, which shall be tiibutary to it, this great
country shall becomc, and remain, under the
smiles and protection of a kind and just Provi-
dence, the favored spojrof all the eaith,and the
asylum of the down-trodden and oppressed of
every nation, where honest labor and merit will
receive their full reward. There shallbo no bound
set in the limitless future to the grandeur, pros-
perity, and power of the United States of America.
TOLICY OF THE ADMINISTRATION.
Mr. HERRIOIC. Mr. Chairman, in the re-
marks I design to make upon the President's
message, I do not propose to dwell upon the
manifold crimes of the present Administration
against the people of this country, i do not in-
tend to expatiate upon its audacious usurpations
of undelegated power, nor to consider its subver-
sion of the rights guarantied to these States, and
its unwarrantable interference with the freedom
of the press, the freedom of speech, and the per-
sonal liberty of the citizen. Heinous as these
offenses are, I charge upon the Administration a
crime of far greater magnitude, and one fiuitful
of more numerous and more grievous evils than
all of these together. The greatest crime that can
be committed by men to whom the dearest inter-
ests of a nation have been confided, is to make the
honor, prosperity, and peace of the country a
secondary consideration in their administration
of its affairs to the temporary success of a party,
to the political preferment and pecuniary aggrand-
izement of the loaders of that party. Compared
with this crime robbery is but a venial sin, and
murder a trivial misdemeanor; for in itself, a
financial and military crisis such as now exists
in this country necessarily includes and compre-
hends both. The men now having control of the
Government I do not hesitate, Mr. Chairman, to
declare guilty of this high crime. They have no
desne nor intention to bring this war to a close;
nor are they endeavoring to accomplish such a
result. They are making no calculations in that
direction, but are shaping everything for a long
war. Had they so desired , peace, with the Union
restored and the Constitution preserved, might
have been secured long ago,and an immense waste
of blood and treasure saved. Every gallant soldier
whose iife has been offetcd up with humble pa-
triotism, a willing sacrifice upon the altar of nis
country, since the war could thus have been
ended, has been literally murdered by the Ad-
ministiation; while evei y dollar that has been ex-
pended since that time to carry on the war has
been in reality stolen by it from the people.
It is the first and most imperative duty of the
Administration to bring this war to an end at the
earliest possible moment consistent with the ob-
jects for which only it can be rightfully waged;
and it is because it does not seek to do so, but on
* The fourth volume of Macaulny's History of England,
chapter nmetf en, contain? a very interesting account of the
oiigm and progress of the national debt of England. He
*v i?ueh was the origin of that which lias since be-
come the Greatest pmdicy that ever perplexed the sagacity
and confounded the pride of statesmen and philosophers.
At evety stage m the growth of i bat debt, the nation has* set
up the ;>ame eiy ot anmn-h and despair At eveiy stage m
the ciowth of that'debt it has been ieiionsly asserted by
\vi>o men that bankuiptey and ruin weic at lund. Vet still
the debt wnt on growing, and t>uli bankiuptcy and ruin
were as remote as ever."
And a^ain he says :
"A loiii: e\pei I'-uce jumifiei. um:i believing thatEnghuid
may. in tne twentieth centuiv,b<? better sS.jc to beai a debt
of ,-ixtPen bandied million pound? sterling than she is at
the pic^ent tune to beai her piesent load. But. be tins ai
if may, tho«e who .-o confidontlj predict* d tii^u she must
-u.k. lir-t limit r a debt of fiuv million pounds -siMing,
iht'ii undi'i a debt of e.^htc indhon^. then under a debt of
one ha.idu d and iony miUimi*. fijeu under a debt of two
hn'ir'ied nd ioit\ soul l'1-.lly under ,i debt of PjgHt
\usdu.l nidli'in1-. wen b"\ond ail doubt and1'! a fwo b.dd
m'-UKte. thev  oaih >.v<"i..!cd the ptes-mc oi die bur-
den; tiniv jpeatiy tnidrMrat"d the htromjti) bv winch the
btiidun \va> to be homo.*'
