2272
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 13.
MARGARET M. STAFFORD.
Mr. WHALEY also, from^he same committee,
reported back Senate billNo. 139,for the relief of
MargaretM. Stafford, widow of Reuben Stafford,
of Coshocton county, Ohio, with the recommend-
ation that it dopass, which was ordered to be read
a third time; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. WHALEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider belaid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. WHALEY, from the same committee,
made sundry advers^ reports; which were laid
upon the table, and-ordered to be printed.
VALENTINE fWEIIRIIEIM*.
Mr. ROSS, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of Valen-
tine Wehrheim; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, ordered to be engrossed and read a third
time;and being engrossed, it was accordingly read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. ROSS moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the*motion to. reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
S. C. AND E. AVROE AND OTHERS.
Mr. HALE, from the Committee of Claims,
reported a bill for the relief of S. C. & E. Wroe
and others; which was read a first and second
time.
The SPEAKER. The bill makes an appro-
priation, and requires unanimous consent to be
considered in the House.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I object.
The bill was referred to the Committee of the
"Whole House on the Private Calendar, and, with
the accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
PETER NAVARHK, OF OHIO.
Mr. ASHLEY, by unanimous consent, moved
that the Committee of the Whole House on the
Private Calendar he dischaiged flom the further
consideration of House hill No. 393, granting an
invalid pension to Peter Navarre, of Ohio.
The motion was agreed to.
The bill directs thatPeter Navarre, of the State
of Ohio, be placed on the roll of invalid pension-
ers, at the rate of eight dollars per month, during
his natural life, commencing on the 1st day of
January, 1804.
U appears fioni the report that Peter Navarre
is a grandson of Robert do Navarro, intendant
and sub-delegueof Detroit, in the territory which
now constitutes the .State of Michigan, during the
reign of Louis XV; that said Peter Navarre
served under General Hull, as a scout, on the
northwestern frontier; that he was among the
prisoners at Hull's surrender at Detroit,and was
sent home on parole; afterwards broke his parole,
set ved General Winchester at River Raisin, gave
him caily information of the approach of the
British ai my, took pai t in both actions of Colonel
Lewis on the 18th of January, 1815, and the en-
gagement of the next day, resulting in the defeat
of the Americans; that at Major Madison';* sur-
render, finding himself, by the violation of he*
parole, in a position in which his life was for-
feited, he escaped from the British and Indians,
incurring great luudships for many days m mid-
winter, m traveling through the wilderness, re-
turning to his home; that General Hamson,
coming into the Northwest with his army, sent for
petitioner artd engaged him as a bcout, until the
close of the war, for the sum of one dollar pei
day. lie was frequently sent by General Har-
rison, while in this .service, with messages from
one point to another, on one occasion going on
foot to Urbana, in southern Ohio, through the
wilderness, with a message to Governor Meigs,
and again, on 'he day preceding the battle of Lake
Erie, cairymg a message from'General Harrison,
at Foit Seneca, to Commodore Perry, at Put-m
bay; that lie was present and aided in the defense
of Fort Stephenson, under Colonel Cioghan,and
accompanied the army on its march in pursuit of
Proctoi, and took part in the battle of the Thames.
He is now poor and old, (being in his* seventy-
ninth year,) and, in consequence of disabilities
occasioned by long exposure while engaged in
the arduous and exposed service, is, and has been
for a number of years, unable to procure a live-
lihood for himself and family.
Mr. ASHLEY. I know this old man well,
and all that lie has ever received has been a land
warrant.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. ASHLEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
POST ROUTE BILL.
Mr. ALLEY. There are a large number of
members who are anxious to have the post route
bill reported, and I ask that the House will as-
sign Wednesday next, after the morning hour,
for the consideration of post office business. ^
Mr. FENTON. I must object to the assign-
ment of any day for particular purposes until the
general appropriation bills are disposed of.
ALMON D. FISK.
Mr. NOBLE. I ask unanimous consent tore-
port back from the Committee on Patents, with
a recommendation that it do pass, Senate bill No.
112, for the relief of the heirs of Almon D. Fisk.
Mr. WASHBURN E, of Illinois. I know what
that claim is, and I object.
PRIVATE CALENDAR.
Mi*. HALE. I move that the rules be sus-
pended,and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the Private Calendar.
And pending that motion 1 ask that, by unan-
imous consent, this may be considered objection
day in committee.
No objection was made, and it was so agreed.
The motion to go into committee was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole, (Mr. Maj.lory in the
chair,) and proceeded to the consideration of
cases on Uie Private Calendar; which were dis-
posed of aT? indicated below.
SARAH WHITNEY.
A bill (H. R. No. 72) for the relief of Sarah
Whitney and Mary Huggerford, children of Hul-
dah Butler. [Objected to by Mr. Cox.]
II. R. CllOSBIE.
A bill (H. R. No. 292) for the relief of H. R.
Crosbie. [Objected to by Mr. Washburne, of
Illinois.]
TIIIllD OHIO BRIGADE.
A bill (II. R. No. 293) to provide for the pay-
ment of the second regiment, third brigade, Ohio
volunteer militia, during the time they were mus-
tered into the service of the United.States.
The bill provides that the second regiment,
third brigade, Ohio volunteer militia, mustered
into the service of the United States at Cincinnati,
Ohio, on the 4th of September, 186;2, notwith-
standing irregularity may have occurred in the
manner of their mustering into the service of the
United States, shall he paid for the time the offi-
cers and men were m the service, respectively,
after being so mustered* not, however, to exceed
the period of thirty days.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
JOSEl'II C, G. KENNEDY,
A bill (H. II. No. 294) for the iehef of Joseph
C. G. Kennedy. [Objected to by Mr. Wilson.]
AARON T. DOLL.
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 43) for the relief
of Aaron T. Doll.
The bill authorizes the Quartermaster General
to audit and nay to Aaron T. Doll his accountof
fifty dollars for a horse purchased of him by Lieu-
tenant D. C. Daggett, quartermaster of the eighth
regiment of Ohio volunteers, on the 23d of July,
1861, upon being satisfied by evidence that the
account is just and ought to be paid.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
INDIAN TRIBES IN NEW MEXICO.
A bill (H.R.No.lOS) authorizing the making
of treaties with the Navajo, Apache, and Utah
Indian tribes, in Now Mexico, defining their lim-
its, and extinguishing their title to lands outside
of said limits.
Mr. COX. As that is not a private bill, and
ought not to be on the Private Calendar, I move
that it be reported to the House, with a recom-
mendation that it be referred to the Committee on
Indian AfFairs.
The motion was agreed to.
HARRIET AND EMILY W. MORRIS. I
A bill (H. R; No. 314) for the relief of Har-
riet and Emily W. Morris, unmarried sisters of
the late Commodore Henry W. Morris.
The bill provides that Harriet and Emily W.
Morris, the unmarried* sisters of the late Commo-
dore Henry W. Morris, shall be entitled to the
same pension as thebrother would have been enti-
tled to had he been totally disabled,to commence
from the death of the brother; and the Secretary of
the Interior is directed to place the names of Har-
riet and Emily W. Morris upon the pension roll
of Navy pensions; provided, that in case of the
death or marriage of either of the said sisters her
pension shall cease.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House witlf*a recommendation that it do pass.
FREDERICK A. BEELEN.
A bill (PI. 11. No. 345) for the relief of Freder-
ick A.Beelen, late secretary of legation to Chili.
The bill authorizes the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay to Frederick A. Beelen, late secretary
of legation to Chili, the sum of $166 66, out of
any mo^ey in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, in full for difference in salary under the
several acts of Congress on that subject, while he
acted as such secretary, before he was informed
of such reduction, and until he had full time tore-
turn to the United States. ,
No objection being made, the bill was laid aside,
to be reported to the House with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass.
CHARLES 51. WETIIERILL.
A bill (H. R. No. 346) for the relief of Dr.
Charles M Wetherill.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay to Dr. C. M. Wetherill the sum of $750,
in full for his services as chemist of the Agricul-
tural Department, out of any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
MARTIIA JANE SKAGGS.
A bill (II. R- No. 347) for the relief of Martha
Jane Skaggs. The bill directs the Secretary of
the Interior to place the name of Martha Jane
Skaggs, widow of Alfred Sykes Skaggs, late a
private of company E,of the twenty-seventh regi-
ment of Kentucky, and who died at Elizabeth-
town, Kentucky, on the 27th of Januaiy, 1862,
upon the pension roll from the 27th of-January,
1862, to continue during her widowhood.
The bill Was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
C. F. JOHNSON.
A bill (H. R. No. 384) for the relief of C. F.
Johnson, of Alabama. [Objected to by Mr.
Spalding.]
BENJAMIN GEATZ.
A bill (II. R. No. 385) for the relief of Benja-
min Gratz. [Objected to by'Mr. Spalding.]
HUGH LEDDY.
A bill (H. R. No. 386) for the relief of Hugh
Leddy. [Objecl&tl to by Mr. Upson.]
SOLOMON PARSONS.
A bill (H. R. No. 387) for the relief of Solo-
mon Parsons.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay to Solomon Parsons, of West Virginia, the
sum of$125, in full payment for twenty-four hun-
dred pounds of beef furnished United States troops
at St. George station, Virginia, by order of Cap-
tain Horace Kellogg, commanding post.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
MAItY SIIIKCLIFF.
A bill (H. R. No. 389) for the relief of Mary
Shircliff.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
