1296
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26.
the contrary continues to introduce new issues,
to multiply difficulties, and to barricade all the
avenues to an honorable jpeace under the Consti-
tution, that it is morally guilty of treason to the
people.
I*i reviewing the operations of the Administra-
tion since the removal of General McClellan from
the command of the army of the Potomac, many
events and circumstances are found to justify the
assumption that the war has been purposely pro-
longed to accomplish other objects than the sup-
pression of the rebellion, the restoration of the
Union, and the enforcement of the laws. Yes,
Mr. Chairman, and for even still other purposes
than the enfranchisement of the negro race, which
has now become the principal plank in the war
platform of the President and his supporters. Par-
ty supremacy and the perpetuation of paitisan
power ore matters of paramount importance to
the politicians who now rule the destinies of this
nation, while military operations are made alto-
gether subservient topai ty ends regaidless of any
result affecting the gieat issues of the conflict
winch involves the life of the nation.
The war has been, and still is, the strength of
the political organization now m possession of the
Government; and the ruling minds of that or-
ganization fully comprehend tho importance to
their party of ifs continuance. Without the war,
they know that they would be as powerless as a
party as Samson when shorn of his locks. It
may be that in the conduct of the war for the last
three yeais the Administration has done Us best
to overthrow the rebellion, and that we owe our
sad failure to achieve any great results, after an
expenditure of lives and tteasuie unparalleled in
the histoiy of modern wars, cntiioly to its im-
becility; but to me, when I consider the military
operations which have oi igmnted in Washington,
and the efforts made by our friends on the other
side of this House to exaspeiate the rebel.';, oblit-
erate the Union sentiment m the South, and mul-
tiply the issues involved, and when 1 contemplate
the banen fruits of the sanguinary conflict thus
far, it docs not seem unfair to assume that the
ruling mmdsof the dominant party have deteim-
ined at all hazmds to keep the war alivi; as a
11 political necessity," and as the best moans of
insuring ih< m a continuance of political power.
The immense volume of patronage m contracts,
civil offices, and military commissions which
would be lost to them if the war should ho con-
cluded by a restoiatmn of the Union, is esteemed
by them of far greater value as political capital
than any popular eclat they might obtain by a
speedy extinguishment of the rebellion, even
though emancipation should bo secured at the
same time. Ah a means ofaclueving political suc-
cess in the approaching presidential election the
Republican politicians have a motive sufficient to
impel the haulers of that party to continue this ex-
hausting and bloody war, until they shall have se-
cured at leastanothor four years' lease of the gov-
ernmental machinery of the country, with power
to tin titer operate the much-worn printing presses
of the Treasury Department.
1 think, Mr. Chairman, J do that paity no in-
justice in ascribing to it these unwin thy motives for
continuing the wai. All their movements justify
the presumption. Sir, the politicians who now des-
potically ude the country with a rod of iron, un-
scrupulous in their schemes to plunder tho people,
North and South, having found mthe war and their
war-cry of "freedom to the slave" a cement winch
binds to their car the negro fanatics of the land,
as well as the innumerable horde of public plun-
derers, contractors,speculators, placemen, spoils-
men, and "soldieis of fortune'5 generally, which
the \iole.nt disturbance of the social and political
elements of the country has diawn to the surface of I
tin troubled v/ateis, have evidently determined !
that tIn* war fhall be resolved into a presidential |
campaign. All the movements of our armies are !
now dictated by partisan motives. Thesubjuga- i
lion of the free people of the loyal States to the 1
abolition paity yoke, and the subversion of the !
44 Constitution as it is," have become matters of 1
vastly more importance to the Administration than
the crushing of the i< belli on and the le.stoiation of '
peace and fratei nal relations between the two sec-
tions of our country now at war. While they evi-
dently reg ird the continuance of this unnatural
conflict ps their only hope for prolonged power,
they will never consent to relmqwish the war and
with it their political supremacy if they can avoid
it on any plausible pretext. We can hardly ex-
pect to find m them patriotism of so exalted a char-
acter. It would not at all tally with the past his-
tory of the party they represent.
Mr. Chairman, it is because the sagacious and
unscrupulous politicians of the Republican party
fully realize that the war and its profits, as polit-
ical capital,and as a pecuniary resource for con-
ducting partisan operations, are of more value to
them than a restored Union, whose Government
they would never be able to control, that tho
distinguished gentleman from Pennsylvania is
" about sick" of hearing of " the Constitution as
it is and the Union as it was." u This Union,"
remarked the distinguished gentleman who is the
recognized leader of the other side of the House,
u never shall be restored under the Constitution,
with slaveiy protected." So, also, the gentle-
man from Michigan, [Mr. I>iiamax,] and others
on that side of the House, have proclaimed that
none of the rebel States shall bo recognized as
States of the Union until they amend their con-
stitutions and abolish slaveiy. Why not, Mr.
Chairman ? What is there so objectionable m the
Union and the Constitution which our fathers
established that should render a sanguinary and
devastating war preferable to their further con-
tinuance? Slavery was no impediment to the
formation of the Union; why should it be to its
continuance? What is there to make the gentle-
man " sick" of hearing tho Democracy talk of
restoi ing the glorious Union under which we have
lived ami tin ived, exulting in the greatness of our
country as one of the most powoiful nations of
the earth? Tho people who have been taughtto
believe that our Government under the Constitu-
tion, which the abolition party are disposed to
lepndiate, i« the best that was ever vouchsafed
lo man, may well wonder why the gentleman and
his associates pronounce so vehemently against
its restoration as it was before this accursed re-
bellion broke out. The great secret of this an-
tipathy to the Union as it was" will be leadily
found in the faU that such a restoration would
put an end to their political power!
From thn foundation of thus Government, sla-
very has been protected by tho Constitution, as a
local institution, m all^uch States as were pleased
to tolerate it; and yet our country prospered and
our people were continually blessed as no other
people under heaven ever were, until the fanat-
ical philanlhropists of t4*e North commenced the
a-boluion agitation winch culminated m thisiebel-
hon, and sought to enei oaeh upon the constitu-
tional lights of tluu f< !!ow-ciuzens of the slave
Slates who were peiibetly content with what the
Constitution gave them. l>y the Constitution
they were inhibited fiorn any inteifeienee with
tins mat tu , and had no more i i^ lit to meddle with
tho institution of slavery in Virginia than with
the system of labor in Cuba. Slavwyin the
southern States was as much removed fiom their
interference by the Constitution as slavery in
Ikuzil; and neither the ['resident nor Congress
had a right to niterfeie with it in any respect,
otherwise than to provide laws for the return of
fugitives to their masters. It is not my design,
Mr. Chairman, on tins occasion to discuss the
almighty negro or to undertake to tiace the ori-
gin of the rebellion to its true source, with the fa-
natical abolitionists of the North, who worship
the memory of old John Drown of Ossawutonuc*
as that of a martyr!
It is sufficient to know that a gigantic war is
upon us, no matter for the present how it came
about. The pioblem to solve i.s, how shall it be
bioughttoan honorable close? How shall tine
further effusion of fraternal blood be stopped?1
How shall the devastation of our country be
stayed, and the monstrous and needless expendi-
ture ot borrowed money be checked ? The honor {
of the Federal Government mu^be maintained; •
its integrity must be vindicated, and its suprem-
acy leestabbshed over every foot of soil within |
our national bordeis, while the Constitution !
fiamed by the fathers of the Republic, which has !
fallen into such disrepute on the other sale of this ;
House, uiusi b«; upheld in ovei v point thar origin- '
ally foimed the bond of out Union, We must i
have ptuce and the Union This consummation i
so "devoutly to be wished," Mi. Chairman, can j
never be achieved by the paity now in power, i
That is plainly apparent. It is not the vocation !
of those who have done so much to destroy the
Union to restore it; and the people must open
their eyes to tha£ pregnant fact. The hopes of
the country are now centering upon the efforts
which the patriotic Democracy of the North will
make in the ensuing presidential campaign to un-
seat and consign to hopeless political perdition the
crafty demagogues, the short-sighted fanatics,
and the remorseless plunderers now in power,
who are wasting the precious lives of the people
and mortgaging the labor of this and many suc-
ceeding generations without accomplishing any
adequate results. They are constantly multiply-
ing the objects of the war, with an evident design
to its procrastination, while they totally ignore
the legitimate and constitutional programme de-
clared by Congress and the President in 18Gl,and
boldly avow that they will not have " the Union
as it was," or any other Union, until slavery is
abolished by force of arms.
Mr. Chairman, the great Democratic party,
whose policy for the most part has guided this na-
tion in its past glorious caieer, and achieved for it
all the prosperity and power which attached to it
when this unholy rebellion broke out, will come
united to our country's rescue in November next,
and may God grant it success in the salvation of
the Union. That great party, whose unlucky de-
feat in I860 has proved so disastrous to the coun-
try, aims now to bring this war to a close by
means of an honorable peace and a perfect recon-
ciliation at the earliest possible moment that the
misguided men now in rebellion can be induced,
by coercion or otherwise, to lay down their arms
and return to their allegiance. When they shall
be found ready to desist from their opposition to
the Government, and shall unresistingly submitto
its laws, the party to which 1 belong would kill
the fatted calf, and proclaim a general amnesty
without any such conditions as the President has
imposed, welcoming back to the fold of the Union
all the States disposed to return, with a reserva-
tion, perhaps, that the principal leaders of the
secession movement should pay tho penalty of
treason. We would not impair in the least de-
gree the lights guarantied to the States. We
would have no " reconstruction" of the State gov-
ernments, save such as the people might inaugu-
rate for themselves. We would teach them by
our conduct toward them to acknowledge that
there was no justification for their rebellion, and
would afford them no pietcxt fur a defense of
their treason by denying them any right or priv-
ilege they ev er possessed. We would let their
negroes alone, and respect all their rights to prop-
erty, to hce suffrage and equal representation in
the Government. When they will accept such
tei ms we would forg< t the animosities of this war
and fraternize with them as fellow-citizens. The
Democracy, Mr. Chairman, are seeking m the
restoration of the Union to preserve our territo-
rial integrity, while standing forth,as they always
have, champions of the lights and dignity of the
State governments. They would punish the in-
dividual traitors who set tins wicked secession re-
bellion in operation, while they would not impair
the constitutional prerogative of each and every
State lo regulate its own system of labor and con-
trol Us own social institutions.
The Democracy are for closing this war the
moment it can be done with honor, irrespective
of the fate of the negro, and regardless of its effect
upon the presidential election or partisan politics;
and herein we differ from our abolition fiiendson
the other side of the Hous^whose interests and
political hopes are all found in a procrastination
of the war.
The tardy progress of military operations—the
failure in three years to produce any practical re-
sults bearing upon the legitimate issues involved
—the frequent diversion of our armies to make
startling movements for political cffect, and to
perform such contemptible party maneuvers as
that which the President's late private secretary
recently undertook in Florida at the cost of a
thousand or two of lives and two or three millions
of money—these things, as well aa the absurd,
unconstitutional, and impracticable fulminations
of the President touching the emancipation of the
negio and the iceonstructi.m of States upon the
principle that one tenth of the people may govern
the whole—1 say, Mr. Chairman, these things,
coupled with the negro legislation of this Con-
gress, have convinced me thai the designing poll-
