June 24.
to appreciate its comparative advantages for a navy-
yard.
If Carondelot should be -selected for a navy-yard, a sub-
sidiary or auxiliary yard at Cairo or Mound City is believed
to be essential while the water between St. Louis and
Cairo is nt its lowest stage.
This paper has been drawn up entirely from impressions
one would naturally receive on visiting the different places,
but without any notes or data to refresh the memory,
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient
seivant, A. II. FOOTE,
! > Rear Admiral United States Navy.
. .Hon. J. W. Noell, Naval Committee House of Represent-
atives.
M>. BLOW. X ask the gentleman from Illinois
to yield to me.
Mr. WASI1BUUNE, of Illinois. [ yield to
the gentleman from Missouri for a few moments.
Mr, BLOW. Mr. Speaker, I think that in this
discussion gentlemen of the House have had their
minds drawn off from a proposition which would
be equally fair to every portion of the country
now claiming this navy-yard, I know the adroit-
ness and eloq^nce of my friend from Illinois,
[Mr. Washburne,] who started out by making
an explanation winch will fall to the ground.
Ho referred tq the action of the Senate. Now,
every gon'leman upon this floor knows that for
thelaat eighteen months before the Naval Com-
mittee have appeared the best men in the country,
with surveys and reports of more than six differ-
ent places; that the city of St. Louis and the city
of Oarondclet have had deputations here, ex-
pended lar';c sums of money on plats and sur-
veyt;, and pressed their claims before the Naval
Committee; yet 5 very much doubt whether in
trie .S.'iKUo a single one of these propositions has
been considered. I know that St. Louis and Ca-
lood' 'ot have not.
I hud the honor, sir, eyrlyirt this session to in-
11 od u;'i; a hill which at the last Congress received
the su'wl on of tiip N.ivi.l Committee. I was
pai:i"i;Lr to miioduce it early m tlie session. It
w;;: u Oir proposition. It provided thut every
point on tin: western waters making claim to the
eonMiiemuon of this body should be examined
by a commission to be appointed for that purpose,
and that it should report whether the statements
made to tins body weie right or not, and should
select the most judicious point for the public in-
ter- 'US.
Tie- K'Mitleman from Illinois [Mr. TV\ J. Al-
hod (o ndmil, when questioned by the gen-
tleman from Inv/a, that the navy-yard under this
bill 1 • •(> be above the levee at the city of Cano;
end ;ha'admission amounts to this, that it is to
be U'iu re there is an overflow evety tune there is
a Hood on the Ohio river, if the Senate bill 1.5
adopted, hundreds of thousands of uoliais will
have to he expended to protect it, against the wa-
ters of the Ohio and Mississippi.
Iftheio wins a particle of fairness in the propo-
sition i would expect the House to consider it;
but tin le is something so unfair and so ungener-
ous m the proposition of the gentleman fiom Illi-
nois [Mr. Washburn"!*] that it should fall of lt-
n  !f. i think* ihat the Senate have done great
in jus' :<■•> tn tin-* H>pr"sentati\es of the people m
pa.- >*,>!'; thus lumiedly upon this point when
j):«M .1: 1! iiMi •> <\'\' other points have never com'4
b ioi- them. I .esk the gi ntl'uuan fiom Illinois
\vh' tin 1 tie is piepared to say that the claims of
the cides of Caiondefet and Sr. Louis were con-
sidered bv that committee'
M-. VASUIJUUNI2, of Illinois. I infei th-y
have, or uiey would not make this report.
M.. HLOW. I assert positively that they
ha\e not. The voluminous documents on the
rjuhjec: hnvo never leaciied them, or never been
asked tor l>y them so fir as I know.
Wo have some claims at St. Louis end Caion-
ue!"t? y<-t | would scoin to 1 -fu^e an}r other p! *0,0
ajus  consideration by the lipase. This 18 a na-
<mo.<1 wml:, and it should he p'jcod whore the
C-iXe/runeot is to be most benefited. If St.
Louis i\; '":t til" best pi ice and Cairo is, put if at
We have built at and near St. Louis
'*< "•■j'j-'nul \essels than at any other point m
tV* t/n.an. We Siau: more mechanics and ma-
enru-ir, [ was going to say, than the whole of
ti.e g( wiitmsan *s [Mr. Wasiibukne's] State. J
iuslM that Si. Louis is wui thy of moie consider-
ation than the Senate of the Umtod States was
Willing to give it.
Mr. WAfciiIjURNE, of Hhnoiy. The gcntlc-
mtiu cannot got up any controversy between me
andMissouri; the relations between the people of
Missouri and my State are too intimate for that.
Mr. BLOW. I very well recollect that wheri
we made an effort some ninety days ago to have
this point examined by the .Naval Committee,
or a committee of the Naval Department, the gen-
tleman himself thifew every obstacle he could in
the way.
Mr. WASRBURNE, of Illinois. Entirely
true; but the opposition was not directed against
St. Louis any more than against Cairo.
Mr. BLOW. I have nothing more to say in refer-
ence to this matter; and I appeal to both sides of
the House to pass the resolution reported from the
Committee on Naval Affairs. It is just and rea-
sonable. It secures action, and does justice to
those points which are pleading for consideration
at your hands.
Mr. CRAVENS. I concur fully in the remarks
of the gentleman from" Missouri who has just
taken his seat. This is a matter of great national
importance, and I think the public interest will
be best subserved by adopting the amendment
proposed by the gentleman from Maine, [Mr.
Pike,] and 1 am disposed to favor it. In order to
show that there arc other localities entitled to con-
sideration I propose to have read, as apart of my
lemarks, a memorial from a committee of the city
of New Albany, who are making application for
the location theie of the national navy-yard, if
one is to be located in that part of the country. It
is addressed to tho Naval Committee, and it is
proper that it should be read on this occasion to
show that there are other localities entitled to con-
sideration. While I have no lemarks to make
against Cairo, I desiie that every point shall be
examined.
The Cleik read the memorial, as follows:
To the honorable gentlemen of the Naval Committee of the
Home of Representatives of the Congress of the United
Slates :
Gkn t'x.EMKN. The people of the city of New Albany, in
the State of I iiduina, understanding that iti* in contempla-
tion 1)3' the Oongte^ of the United State* to establish a
navy-yaid for the construction 01 vessols-of-war at sonic
suitable point 111 tho western States, do by the undesigned
mot-t rospeetinlly repioent to your honorable body that said
city isMiuated on the noiihwes-tei 11 bank of tho Ohio river
immediately iielmv the lout of the tails* of Mud rivet ; that
it is one of the hfathiest localities in tho western Slate-,;
that it is celobiated tor the building of the finest steamboats
that flout on tho western vvateis, and has up to (ho com-
mencement ol tho lebclhon built a majouty of all boat*
n.iviLMtut'i the s-outhem liveis and manv lor St. Louis ; ihat
I a lat^e piopmtum of it* population are mechanic-, of the
I tii'st giude in their hue ol Ihmiic^; and that u!ihou<ih wo
build u l.u^e no 111 lie 1 or *r<;um<jis there are si ill wot It men uf-
1 iieieju ni iiumhei and-doli todo a !;ui;e amount in addition
i i! it w.t-! leqiMid; thai 1 lew nnie< distant near a lail-
t n.wl ieadim; into 1 lie eilv iuo huge hodirrf ot'excllent firnb/,t
that can h:: iian-poited on eais to tlio «-ttv; that near the
aver a lew iitih'^ lielow the city aie lai^o bodies of ^oo<l tim-
ber th.it can he innis-pot leii in haiuo> by \v iter to the oil} .
tint theie ha-' Ix-en tut a lomj of yenr* annuai!' d •-
liveied in tii-; vanoin hailiSm^ yaid* of (lie eit. a
amount ot excellent timber h.tilled irom tho oin audmg
coiuiti v' in ^ auous, and u loch Mippiv can i)u co loniK-d for
many ye.us m come; aed ;!t;it hythe uver above latere
iiuaniitie* can be bionght to thp city in iatt<; thatfiom
the^o various--outcesot Mipiilj above named the best quali-
ties (tt'luinliei can be piocmed hero at a,< low a late a? any
suitable building point in the we.-tetn State-?. Iron can be
pioeuicii m any quantities that may bo desnod at the usual
: jiiices m til'' counti v bordijrjn<i on rite Ohio ami Mj i*-ippi
i live}*. All other bmktinj* material* can be bed in any
quantities doMrcd at lair fates, and piovisiout? of all kmd<
j abundant. We havo foundou'^, maeuiiie i-hojis, «pike
, machine-, tih-hammcr toigc.-?, nnllsi, planing null ,
; hSacdcsiuiths5 shop*, and other necessary nulN, machmei v
; appliances, and un' woikmcn to do the woik tequired loi
i th" pin pose. Coal lor the piupose can be had by i«i;!n>ad
1 iiom Um; uiteiioi oi hiouuht by w\ter i'tom miru'ji both np
! and down the uveu We b.ive laihoad coinmuniLMtion
■ wall all the important point* in the Union, and facilities
' hv water wiih all we.-tcm and southern nvci> and tin; (Jult
' oi Mevieo, ob-nuoteil only by lebel enemies, \Vc. would
lufilua >t tfc that we havo plenty of Mutable giound lor
' a bmloing ) ard «ith -p;;ce ior the biuhi.n^-. ucccs-.-aiy hiore-
i fou that can be bou«nt at a fiii pi ice, situated on roe liver
i bank oppo-iu adepih oi water in the river saifliotont ier
1 the u.-e oi float my dock*:; and that although dining extreme
1 low wutei theie ^ a Unit: luoio dejith oi u.it^rin thoMis-
I <-tj--ippi nvfr between tn(> mouth* ot the Oh.o anil Mt*-
■ foua man thcro is m the Ohio, yet as the difference bo-
iween lo^'ii and low water in the O'luo i>. much jn cater than
t i.it oi the jliss,t-.t-ippi, whonever then; 1-, a -utiicientdeptii
m the Mi.-i«.-ippi lot a vessel ot meat draught ot water to
, de*c«.nd noin Si. Jioui* down, theie is also a suliicient
j depth lor the saim; io descend the Ohio ro the .Mih-
I HUt-Ippi. AKo iiieon*cquenceot tne iMi-«i*si[)pi uvvr bemsr
' tiozeii longer dining oxtteme cold weather than the Ohio
J i* fiom its mouth t'"> the falh, the Ohio is generally navi-
; gable longer duu.ig the year lor vos?eU otkugo ch.iughtthan
- the ("Vlj~^i*'3ippi is above the mouth of the Ohio, and that
I almoot nivainibly when the nveris trozen the Ohio isnavi-
| gab!o a week or two earlier in the sptmg than the Mwsib-
i sippi i^j and that whenever the- Ohio is navigable any dis-
tance of Importance from its mouth it is navigable as far
up as New Albany. For verification of the above faeth we
would respectfully ask your bonoiable body to make such
examination and obtain such evidence as may to >ou seem
proper and satistactoiy.
All of which is respectfully submitted for your considera-
tion* D. M. HOOPER.
J. M. WILSON,'
E. NBWLAND.
Committee for the city of New Jilbany*
Mr, WASHBTJRNE, of Illinois. I desire to
make a suggestion. I intended to offer an amend-
ment to the original resolution reported from the
Committee on Naval Affairs. *fn the objections
I made to that resolution, I stated that I was not
prepared to abrogate the authority of Congress
over this matter, and the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania on my left has drawn up an amendment
similar to the one I intended to prepare, and which
reaches the same object. It provides that the
proceedings of the board of examination shall
be reported to Congress at the next session. If
that amendment is adopted, 1 am willing the
amendment of the gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Pike] shall be adopted, and 1 think that will be
satisfactory to all parties. I think the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Cravens] will qgree with me
in that. I ask to have the amendment reported.
The amendment, which was read, was to strike
out "and that he be further empowered, with
tho approval of the President, to accept or pur-
chase the site so selected, upon such terms as he
shall deem mostconducivc to the public interest,"
and insert in lieu thereof *" and repot t to the next
session of Congress."
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Instead of
the action of the commission being absolute, it
compels them to ropoit to Congioss. jf that
amendment is adopted, it will satisfy all parties.
Mr. PIKE. That amendment I accept.
Mr. CRAVENS. I think the statements made
in that memorial to the Committee on Commerce
are substantially true, and perhaps 'the advant-
ages of that locality might be elaborated. In ad-
dition to that, there are other localities on the Ohio
which are untitled to consideration. For instance
the ciuzens of Evamsville believe that that local-
ity would be favorable for the location of a navy-
yard. Thoie^is also a location lower down and
nearer Cairo and Mound City, which abounds
in coalj iron ore, and everything which makes it
desirable for the location of a navy-yard. The
people of that locality have the opinion thotthey
are entitled also to consideration. For these rea-
sons I am in fe-.o: of the amendment proposed
by the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Pike.]
Mr M VLjLORY. 1 do not.wish it undeistood
by my sdome that 1 li-ive forgotten the claims of
L'.u.aVille and of Port! .ud—notMame Poitiand,
'■ut Portland, Kentucky — to this navy-yard.
They have merits, and will speak for themselves
when they have an opportunity.
Mr. ROL.LINS,-of Missouri. It is very sel-
dom that I rise for the purpose of attempting to
enlighten the House, and 1 do not know that I
am entirely competent to do it upon thi.-j occasion;
but Illinois and Indiana and Maim: and iowaare
not the only States interested in this question. I
think it must be obvious rhat the grand mistake
which has been committed by this Bouse during
this session in repaid to this subject has been
the refusal to allow the Naval Committee to go
to the West f>r the purpofee of selecting the most
appropriate location for this depot. If the ser-
vices of that important committee had not been
regarded as desirable here, we could have had all
the information necessary to act at this tune upon
tins important question, and it is very evident
that this House is not now prepared to pass upon
so important a proposition as the claims of these
respective localities. Half a dozen places have
been already mentioned,and a dozen more which
might be mentioned have not been investigated,
either by a committee of the House or by mem-
bers individually. What do we know about the
city of New Albany or these other ioteiesting
places mentioned by my friend on the left, [Mr.
Cravens,] and in reference to which he shed a
little light on the subject a moment ago ? Who
ever heard of Portland, m Kentucky,^as a place
for this depot ?
EVENING- SESSION DISPENSED "VVXTH.
Mr. SPALDING, With tho permission of
the gentleman from Missouri, I rhove to dispense
