THE CONGRESSIOME GLOBE,
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, iVASHINSTON, IX OV
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 1st Session.
MONDAY, JUNE 27, 1864.
New J«
with the recess for this day, so that we may have
no evening session.
The motion was agreed to.
■WESTERN JJAVY-YAILD—AGAIN.
Mr. ROLLINS, of Missouri. I desire to in-
form the House that in addition to the places
which have been mentioned on the Ohio and
Mississippi-river's, there is another small river out
there in the West and which borders-upon my
district about two hundred and forty miles, along
which I think it entirely probable that a scientific
commission might find a proper location for this
naval depot; it is known, sir, as the Missouri
river!' Its claims have been entirely slighted on
this occasion. I want it understood that if this
proposed commission is ever instituted the claims
of that river and of different localities upon it
will be put in and urged according to their re-
spective advantages for the location of this depot.
Mr. MALLORY. With the permission of
the gentleman from Missouri, I will say that it
seem&'to me that there would be no difficulty in
finding a low-catUy anywhere along the Missouri
river, but it is very desirable to find a high-cality
for this purpose out there. [Laughter.]
Mr. ROLLINS, of Missouri. That is a cruel
blow at my friend from Cairo, [Mr.W. JVAllen.]
I do not take it to myself, because the locality
which I should prefer, and the locality which I
think will be finally selected, is the place referred
to (Carondelet) by my honorable colleague, [Mr.
Blow.]
Mr. Speaker, we have had a similar question
to tins up during this session, in refeienoe to the
location of a naval station for the buildingof iron-
clads on the eastern waters. The Naval Commit-
tee have been all over iheeastern country hunting
a site or location for that depot. We have been
to Marcus Hook, Chester, and League Island,
Long island, and to New London, and to Bos-
ton, and all along the shore; and yet, with all the
light of scientific exploration, with all the light
shed upon the subject by commissions appointed
in years gone by, only a few days ago the House
postponed until next session the consideration of
the question of the location of a naval station upon
the eastern waters! And yet my friend from the
Galena district of Illinois [Mr. Wasiiburne]
cornea forward now and most vehemently urges
the pas-sage of a bill for the location of this depot
at Cairo, without any light being shed upon the
subject at all, excepting the scanty information
which is furnished Jiere in a running debate of an
houi or two in this House.
Sir, J protest against the passage of this bill;
and 1 presume the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Washburke] has gained prettyimuch all he de-
sired in reference to this bill. It was to give him
a solid political foothold in that part of the great
State of Illinois known as " Egypt," and in
which Cairo is a favorite city. I understand—
and I am gratified to know it—that lie is now the
most popular man in northern Illinois, and that
the "lick" will be the means of making him the
most popular i^ian in southern Illinois, with the
exception of my excellent friend before me, [Mr.
W. J. Allen.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope my
friend from Missouri does not pass over my col-
■league near him.
Mr. ROLLINS, of Missouri. I have excepted
him, for I think he is even entitled to be a more
.popular man both in northern and southern Illi-
nois than yourself. [Laughter.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. We will
try titles in the north. [Laughter.]
Mr. ROLLINS, of Missouri. Now, if the
House has any confidence in my judgment—and
I have not yet found that it lias not [laughter]—
I can indicate the precise point whcie this naval
depot should be located. It is at Carondelet,
that beautiful little city, rising on the western
bank of the Mississippi river, just south of St.
Louis, and distinguished again as being the resi-
dence of my friend and colleague, [Mr. Blow,]
204
who has just presented its claims so fairly and
impartially.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Will the
gentleman inform us of the depth of wa.t,er at
Carondelet?
Mr. ROLLINS, of Missouri. Not quite so
deep as at Cairo, especially on shore, [laughter,]
but a good deal purer. According to a letter
just read from Admiral Footc, that accomplished
and observant gentleman, who passed a good
many months at Carondelet in superintending the
building of iron gunboats, early in the rebellion,
there is sufficient depth of water there to float or-
dinary iron vessels and carry them out into |}je
Mississippi liver. And this is all that is needed.
It is well known, and has been stated by my
friend from Carondelet, that the locality is near
St. Louis, where there are manufactories and a
large supply of skilled labor. That subject was
thoroughly discussed when we had up the League
Island and New London questions. In the vitin-
ityofCarondcletare tobefound coal mines,mount-
ains of iron, timber,good health, railroad connec-
tions, everything that has been described in the
memorial sent to the Clerk's desk by the gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr. Law.] It has every
possible advantage, not even excepting depth of
water, according to the statement of Admiral
Foote. Unlike Cairo, it is above high-water mark,
has a permanent and solid rock foundation, and
presents, in my view, far more advantages for
this naval depot than any other point on the Mis-
sissippi or its tributaries. Let it be carefully.ex-
amined by skillful men,and I believe the opinion
which 1 expiess will be fully sustained.
Cut, sir, we do not ask it at the present time.
It is simply because we do not desire it unless it
be the best locality. . In its selection the interests
of the whole country should be consulted. This
is to be a great national institution, and it ought
to be selected at the best possible point, t|o mat-
ter where, whether on the banks of the Missouri,
the Mississippi, the Illinois, or the Ohio. It is
a national question; and lie who would desiie to
have th« navy-yard located at this or that par-
ticular point simply because it happened to be in
his district or in an ad joining district, takes a very
narrow view of the question.
1 am opposed, therefore, to any action on the
Senate bill at this time; and 1 favor the amend-
ment proposed by the gentleman from Maine,
[Mr. Pike,] to let the matter go over, to he de-
termined by a commission to be appointed by the
Secretary of the Navy.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I stated that
if the gentleman from Maine would accept the
amendment that 1 offered I would agree to his
amendment. 1 think the gentleman from Mis-
souri and 1 are together on the subject.
Mr. ROLLINS, of Missouri. 1 am very glad
to hear that we are together. If the gentleman
from Illinois would just come with me, we would
be together all the time, and 1 amveiysure it
would be far better for him and for the country.
[Laughter.] I have, no objection to the amend-
ment of the gentleman lrom Illinois, that the
commission should report to this House at its
next session.
But, Mr. Speaker, as there has been a good
deal said on this subject here I desire to have
such information as can be given to us by my
venerable friend who sits just before me, [Mr.
Law.] He is an old westein pioneer. I remem-
ber when I was a school-boy, thirty years agu,
that he was presiding with equal dignity and
ability on the bench of the circuit court of the
State of Indiana. He has navigated all these
western waters in every variety ot craft, from tile
bark canoe to the magnificent steamboat. He has
slept with the Indian in his wigwam, and long
before the age of turnpikes and of railroads he
has followed the trail of the buffalo and the In-
dian through the forests and prairies of Indiana,
Illinois, and Missouri. He has witnessed with
his own eye the marvelous change which Amer-
ican enterprise aided by the power of steam has
wrought in causing the w.tldBrness to be con verted
into a beautiful garden, and (he desert to blossom—
as the rose. No man in this House, and few
men in the country anywliere,, has realized so
vividly the truth that
" Westward the course of empire takes It* way"
as my venerable friend from the Evansville dis-
trict. He knows it all by heart like -a book, and
I shall be very glad indeed if on this question he
will enlighten the House in reference to his'ex-
perience fully upon these western localities, not
only in respect to Cairo, but Mound Cityi, St.
Louis, Carondelet, New, Albany, and cither
points. I should like especially if he would tell
us about soma of his sad experiences i t Qairoi
and in this connection I would be glad if hie Would
speak upon the mosquito question. If I remem-
ber correctly, on one occasion he told me of pass-
ing down the Ohio to that far-famed city, and of
the boat on which he was riding being", landed
next to the third story of one of the fashionable
hotels in that celebrated watering place. [Laugh-
ter.] .My fiiend here says it was- the second
story. Well, sir, I may have got one story too
.high, but I am certain lie told metlfat in the very
heart of the city the cry of the faithful ^boatman
was " No bottom !"
Now, sir, hoping that the amendment of the
gentleman from Maine may be accepted i will
not detain the House longer at this time.
Mr. CRAVENS. I now desire to yield the
floor for one moment Lo my fiiend from the
Kvansvillo district.
Mr. LAW. I must confess that I have been
somewhat astonished at' the views which have
been expressed by the gentleman from Illinois
upon the question now before the House, espe-
cially in consideration of the fact that it is well
known there are various localities on the western
waters which desire an examination with the
view of an establishment of a navy-yard. I am
surprised that, under these circumstances, Ite
should propose to slMt off all investigation.
the outset and confine himself to a suigle point.
I know of no fairer method of proceeding in this
matter thair that a commission should be ap-
pointed by the Navy Department, which should
examine and take into consideration the advant-
ages possessed by each one of these points, ami
their report, I have no doubt, would probably
settle the question.
There are certain facts in connection with the
establishment of a navy-yard upon our western
waters which may probably have been forgotten.
Some fifteen or twenty years ago a commis-
sioner was appointed by Congress to locato a
navy-yard upon our western waters. After full
examination the location was fixed at Evansville,
That point was selected in preference to Cairo
for the reason that at that tune the whole coun-
try about Cairo was inundated.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I want to
i ask my fiiend from Indiana whether, if a navy-
j yard hud actually been establishedHt Evansville,
] it might not have been m about the same condi-
I tion now as the marine hospital there for which "
j he wanted $38,000 the other day to preserve it
i from immediate destruction?
I Mr. LAW. That does not follow. I do not
j know where a commission, to be appointed would
j locate this naval depot. The only thing 1 ask ist
' that the location shall be determined on after an
| investigation into the merits of these different
| points. The circumstance alluded toby my fiiend
i from Indiana was one which did substantially
! occur. 1 recollect very well the boat which-l was
' on landing at the second story of a cabin ittCairi)
j where we took our breakfast. The whole coun-
try about these was inundated at thattime. Very
great improvements have been made therCihow-
ever, since, aim it may be thata naval depot
be properly located ihere, I atsKKrtgoing ta
anything m derogation of the town of Cairo. 1
have some very goed friends there for whom I
have very great t«fepect. The ..only thing
that the proposition of the Cotnntittee on NavEU
