1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
251
at all. I do hope thatwc shallsit here and finish
the lull to-night.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. On that motion I ask for
the yeas and nays, that we may understand that
the enemies of the bill move to adjourn.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HARLAN. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to introduce a bill of which I have
not given previous notice.
Mr. COLLAMER. I object to anything being
presented. If those who avow themselves op-
posed to this bill move adjournments and insist
upon it, I insist that the question of adjournment
shall be taken. I am opposed to an adjournment
altogether.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 1G, nays 26; as follows:
YEAS—Messn. Brown,Chandler,Dixon,Grimes, Hen-
dricks, llowaul. IIowc, Laneoi Indiana, Towel), Rauney,
SauUbuiy. Spraguo, Sumner, Trumbull, Wade, and Wil-
kinson—16.
i\TA\>-5—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalcw, Carlile, Claik,
Collamer, Conner. Cowan, Davi*, Doohttlf, Foot, Fostoi,
Hale, Italian, Harris, Henderson, Johnson. Lane of Kansas,
Morgan, Mori ill, Pomeroy, Sherman, Ten Eyck, Van
Winkle, Willey, Wilson, and Wright—26.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
agreeing to the amendment submitted by the Sen-
ator from Kansas to the amendment submitted by
the Senator fiom Illinois.
Mr. GRIMES. I ask to have it reported.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is to strike out
all of the original amendment, and to insert:
That the Pre^ul^nt of the United States bo authorized to
provide transportation and equipments for three hundnd
thousand men in addition to the numbci oi men now in the
servicc.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is on the amendment of the Senator tiom Illinois,
on which the yeas and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 11, nays 31; as follows:
YEAS—Me^i« Carlile, Davi«, Gunvs, Ilmvaul, Howe,
Lane of Indiana, Motg.ui, I'omeioy, Trumbull, Wade, ami
Wilkinson—li.
NAYS—Mcsm-*. Anthony, Brown, Bnckalo\\\ Chandler,
Clark, Collamer, Conner, Cowan, Dixon, PouliUie.Foot,
Foster, Hale, Ilaidmq, Ilailan, Ilairi*, Ilendeison, llend
ricks, Johnson, Lane of Kan^a5?, Mori ill. L'owcll, Kara?ey,
Shorman, Spr,t ue, Sumner,Ten Eyck, Van Winkle, Wil-
ley, Wilson, and Wright—31.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. CLARK. There is an amendment which
I think ought to lie made in the bill, to make it
uniform. We commute now the scrvicc of a man
drafted, unless he be one conscientiously scrupu-
lous of bearing arms, at $400; but we commute
the hospital service of those who are conscien-
tiously scrupulous of hearing arms at ^300. I
think that should be made $400 to conform to the
other provision. I do not know any way to reach
it, unless by the unanimous consent of the Senate,
exccpt by moving a reconsideration; but if theie
be no objection, it can be done.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, that modification can be made. The Chair
hears no objection, and the bill will be modified
accordingly.
Mr. CONNESS. I sent up an amendment to
the desk a short time since, which I should like to
have acted upon now. It is to add as an addi-
tional section:
*.1nd bo it fuithcr cnntctl, Thar nothing contained jn tlm
net shall be ro coutUUfd as to pi event oi prohibit the pnlist^
moat of men m the States in icbelhon undci the orders ot
the War Department.
T am afraid there are some inconsistencies in the
amendments that have been made, and this will
make that point clear. I presume there is no ob-
jection to it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I offer the following
amendment as an addition to the fifth section,
which is the proposition introduced by the Sena-
tor from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman*.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. That amendment
having been agreed to in that form, the Senator's
amendment, would not be in order to it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then 1 will propose it
as an additional section.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will make it
in order.
Mr.HENDRICKS. Myamendmentis toadd
the following as a new section:
J3nd be ii further enacted, That if the pei«on drafted be
iu.the enjoyment of an annual income of $2,000, he shall
be icquued to pay $500; and if the diafted person he a mar-
lied man who laboii foi a livelihood at some trade or oc-
cupation, and is nor possessed of unincumbered property
exceeding m value $700, and whose yearly earnings or
wages do not exceed $4UU, he may in like manner pay
$150, and shall theieupon be entitled to the like exemp-
tion.
I do not care to discuss this amendment. We
have increased the rate of commutation to §400.
That puts it out of the power of a very large num-
ber of people to pay that sum. I propose now that
men of wealth whose incomes exceed $2,000 shall
pay §500; and then we can well afford to say that
those who are of limited means may pay §150.
This is very much like the amendment proposed
by the chairman of the Committee on Military
Aflaiis. I can see no objection to it, and I should
like to have it adopted. I could not support the
amendmentproposed by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Sumner] because it did not tend to
relieve the poor man, but placed an unequal tax
upon men of wealth. This proposition is free from
that objection.
Mr. COLLAMER. As I understood the read-
ing of the amendment, it is that if a man is drafted
who is worth so much as §2,000, he shall pay $500.
It does not say what for. Now it would be pretty
haul to diaft a man and make him pay $500 with-
out saying what it was for.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The words   for com-
mutation" can be inserted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Those words will
be added.
Mi. CONNESS. Let us have the yeas and
nays on this amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WILSON. I propose to amend the amend-
ment by inserting after the words "income of
$2,000" the words, " or taxable property exceed-
ing $5,000." I piopose also to stiike out" $150,"
in the latter clause of the amendment, and to insert
" $200." I think if we do that, we shall be able
to make an average of from $350 to $400. There
are so many more persons who have property of
less than $700 than there are persons who have
property of over $5,000 that we shall hardly make
an average of the §400 if we let it stand at $150.
If we require $5UU fiom those who have an in-
come ofy>,000, or $5,000 worth of taxable prop-
erty, and then allow a person who is maniedand
has only $700 worth of property to commute by
the payment of $200, that would make it very fair.
Mr. JOHNSON. I suppose the Senator from
Indiam means the net income of a man. With
his permission, therefore, I propose to insert the
word " net" before " income" in his amendment.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I have no objection to
that.
1 The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
will be so modified.
Mr. JOHNSON. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts supposes that a man who has $5,000 of
taxable property ought to be put upon the same
footing with the one who lias an income of $2,000.
I would suggest to the Senator from Massachu-
setts that in'vcry many cases, perhaps in a ma-
jority of cases, men are assessed at $5,000 who
have \ery little property. The effect of such a
tax as that would be to compel them to sell a por-
tion of their.real or taxable estate. It is a very
unsatisfactory way of ascertaining the means a
man has, in order to require $500 from him, to
look alone to his taxable property. In the west-
ern States, except in the cities, where properly of
that description yields more or less of income, a
great lmuiy men are taxed for more than $5,000
who cannot raise a dollar except by mortgaging
their estate. The result would be, a man would
be taxed out of his whole estate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts proposes to amend the amendment
by sinking out " $150" and inserting " $200."
Mr. WILSON called for the yeas and nays;
S and they were ordered.
I Mr. HOWE. I have just come in, and I should
' like to have the amendment reported.
! The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be read as
j it has been modified.
i The Secretary read it, as follows:
| Awlhp, Ufurther cnaded, Tlmt if the person drafted he in
I the cnjoyim nt oi a net annual income ot $2,000, he bhall
j be requited to pay $500 for commutation ; and if the drafted
i per*onbe a maruedman who labors for a livelihood at sonic
trade or occupation, and is not possessed of property ex-
ceeding m value §700, and whose yearly net earnings or
wngHs do not exceed $400, lie may in like manner pay $150,
and shall thereupon he entitled to like exemption.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
proposed by the Senator from Massachusetts to
theamendment is to strike out " $150"and insert
i( $200;'* and on that question the yeas and nays
have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 18, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalew, Clark, Collamer, Dixon, Doo-
lilllu, Foot, Foster, Hale, Hanling, Harlan, Hams, Mor-
gan, Morrill, Pomeroy, Van Winkle, Wade, Willey, and
Wilson—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Conness, Cowan, Davis, Henderson,
I-Icndiickn, Howard, Howe, Johnson, Lane of Indiana,
Lane of Kan«a*, Nesmifii, Powell, Ramsey, Saulsbury,
Sheirnan, Sprasue, Sumner, Ten Eyck,Trumbull, Wilkin-
son, and Wright—21.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to inquire of the
Senator from Massachusetts what his amend-
ments ate? I do not understand.
Mr. WILSON. I propose to amend the amend-
ments by substituting " two hundred" for "one
hundred and fifty." That hasjust been voted upon
and lost; and by adding, "or taxable property
exceeding$5,000." Andl think the$2,000ought
to be reduccd down to $1,500 at least.
Mr. HOWARD and others. Down to $1,000.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If the chairman of the
committee suggest that it ought to be $1,500 I will
not object. I am willing to modify the proposi-
tion so as to require peisons whose net income is
$1,500 to pay $500; but I think the other would
not be proper. - I cannot accept that, and I sug-
gest that he withdraw it. There are very many
men who have a property assessed at $5,000 who
have but very little income, a mere home, and it
would be hard upon them with a small income to
pay so large a sum. *
Mr. HOWARD. I move to strike out the
words <{ two thousand" and to insert " one thou-
sand" instead.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Massachusetts withdraw his amendment?
Mr. WILSON. If the Senator desires to test
that question.
Mr. HOWARD. I think it better.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts is understood to withdraw his
amendment. The Senator ft om Michigan moves
to amend by stnking out " jv2,000" and inserting
" $1,000."
Mr. HENDRICKS. I believe the proposition
has not been changed by any action of the Senate.
I accepted the pioposition of the Senator from
Massachusetts, the chairman of the committee, to
insert $1,500 instead of $2,000. It has been so
modified.
The VICE PRESIDENT. In the impression
of the Chair it is not now in the power of the Sen-
ator from Indiana to modify his amendment.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I supposed there would
be no objection to that modification of the amend-
ment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be so mod-
ified if there be no objection.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 object to that. I think that
entirely too high as the minimum income.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
striking out " $2,000," and inserting " $1,000."
The amendment to theamendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is on agreeing to the amendment as amended.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator from Wis-
consin [Mr. Doolittle] desired the yeas and
nays upon a motion to adjourn a short time ago,
in order that he might hum who were the ene-
mies of this bill. 1 believe that was his declared
object. Sir, the enemies of this bill arc the men
that have been consuming day after day and week
after week in talking it to death; and 1 am sorry
to say that Senator comes within that category as
one of the enemies of the bill.
Now, sir, with regaid to this amendment, in my
State there is not one man in one hundred that
will not come under that $150 exemption clause.
If you mean to fix the exemption at $150, vote
that amendment; but if you desire $400, or any
other given sum, reject it. You may go through
