1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
25S
print them, was referred to the Committee on the
Library; and I have been directed by that com-
mittee to say that they regard those papers of
very great value and very great public interest, but
the condition of the finances in the present pres-
sure upon the country js such that we think it ad-
visable not to entertain the proposition at present.
The committee, therefore, report adversely upon
the petition.
The report was concurred in.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was referred
a bill (S. No. 41) to promote enlistments in the
Army of the United States, and for other pur-
poses, reported it with amendments.
COMMITTEE CLE11KS.
Mr. DIXON. The Committee to Audit and
Control the Contingent Expenses of the Senate,
to whom was referred a resolution offered by the
Senator from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] directing
that clerks of the standing: committees who have
been on duty since the first day of the session be
paid from that time, have instructed me to report
it back with a recommendation that it pass.
The resolution was considered, and agreed to;
as follows:
Resolved, That «uch of the clerks: of the standing com-
mittees of the Senate as have been on duty since the fust
day of the session be paid theretrom.
SMALL-POX IN THE DISTRICT.
Mr. HENDERSON. I am instructed by the
Committee on the District of Columbia to report
the facts in reference to the existence of small-pox
in the District, with a resolution on that subject.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved. That m the pulgfnent of the Senate it would
be advisable, as a precautionary niearauc, for the city au-
thorities ot Georgetown and \Va>hi L'ton to furnish to all
the tamiSies in baid cities the moan-ot vaccination attlieir
places ot residence, and fit the public expense where indi-
viduals arc unable or unwilling to defray tin- expense a- a
private charge; and that thev require Mich children as for
any reason have tailed to be vaccinated to ab-cnt them-
selvc^s tiom the public schools until they shall have com-
plied v\ itli the requisition* <>f the city foverumenH in tins
respect; anil it i^ respectfully recommended to the author-
ities of said cities to take immediate action in thi> direc-
tion.
Mr. SHERMAN. It seems to me that the op-
eration of the lesolution should include the coun-
try on the other side of the liver as well as the
District of Columbia.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there any objec-
tion to the consideration of the resolution ? The
Chair heais none. The resolution is before the
Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN and Mr. SUMNER. Let it
be read again.
The Secretary read the resolution.
The resolution was agreed to.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. MORGAN gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill to facilitate proceed-
ings m admiralty and other judicial proceedings
in the poi t of Nt w Yoik, and for other purposes.
Mr. WILKINSON gave notice of 1 lis intention
to ask leave to introduce a joint resolution ex-
tending the benefits of the bounty granti d by the
act of July 22, 18G1, to certain soIchYrs who en-
tered the service of the United States prior to
May 3, 1861.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. SUMNER asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 62)
to remove all disqualification of color in carrying
the mails; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Pust Offices and
Post Roads.
Mr, POMEROY asked, anil by unanimous con -
sent obtained, lea\ e to iuti oduce a bill (S. No. 64)
to incorporate the North American Land and Em-
igration Company; which was read twice by us
title, and referred to the Committee on Agricul-
ture.
Mr. HOWE. I am requested to present a bill
establishing a Bureau of Emancipation. It is not
diawn by myself. It is diawn by another gen-
tleman who has given a good deal of attention to
the subject. Pieuous notice has not been given
of Us introduction, and 1 ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Si. nate u> introduce U I must say, at
the same time, that although i havelooki d it over
pretty can-fully, and f enuiriy nppi nvc of many
of th«j provisions and all tiie objects of the bill,
yet there are some provisions in it in which I do
not concur, but I am inclined to think there ought
to be a law enacted on this subject.
There being no objection, leave was granted to
introduce the bill (S. No. 63) establishing a Bu-
reau of Emancipation.
The VICE PRESIDENT. To what commit-
tee does the Senator wish it referred?
Mr. HOWE. The committee on freedmen and
slavery is the appropriate committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be referred
to the select committee having those subjects in
chasge.
Mr. JOHNSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution
(S. No. 19) of thanks of Congress to Commodore
Cadwallader Ringgold, and the officers and crew
of the United States ship Sabine; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Naval Affaiis.
PRINTING OF BILLS.
Mr. ANTHONY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. No. 38) in relation to the public print-
ing; which was read twice by its title.
Mr. ANTHONY. Tins resolution comes from
the Committee on Printing, and is merely intended
to facilitate the conwnicnce of the Senate in the
printing of bills. At the laptsc&sion we reduced
the number to be punted of billsand reports very
laigely,and we reduced the number of bills a Ill-
tie too much, about one hnndted, and there are
not enough now printed to supply the members
and the press. It is very desirable that the press
should have them. This joint resolution increases
the number to be piinted, and puts it at seven
bundled; it is now six hundred. I will therefore
ask the unanimous consent of the Senate for its
present consideration.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
joint resolution, which proposes to repeal the sec-
ond section of the joint icsoluu on appi oved March
| 3,1863, and directs the Superintendent of Public
Punting to punt hereafter seven hundred copies
of every bill and joint resolution ordered or re-
quired to be piinted by either the Senate or the
House of Representatives under any rule of either
House, unless some othei number be specially
required by the House ordering the same.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
BILL KEFLKltED.
Mr. HALE. At an early part of the session
i I intioduccd. a bill, which was laid on the table,
which isgermane to the consideration of the special
comni'ttee that lies been appointed by the Senate,
and of which the Senator from Massachusetts
[Mr. Slmneii] i* ehaiiman. I move that thatbill
be taken from the table and referred to that com-
mittee.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
3) more effectually to suppress the rebellion was
taken from the table, and leferred to the select
committee on slaveiy and freeduvm.
¥ 11LE I) MAN's V1LL A O E.
Mr. WILSON submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent. and agreed to:
Resolved, That the select committee on slavery and freed-
men be, and they aio lieiehy. in^ttu'-led to inquire into
and lepoif upon, -no.; hen uftri a-- pi:u ucable. the con
dition, food, lodiMitr, tientnu'ii!. and shelter ot the treed-
men now located at Fieeiltnan'^ Yilim<\ m> called, near
Aihnirton Height-, \ u^.iua, under the pioteetnm of the
{Jo\ ei anient, and vvln'thei anv ahn^e- ''X; -t m t he nunnye-
nieiit of aliao- pctaniin^ to th- ir health and comtoit, and
it so, what k'L'i-ianon l- nccc—atj to collect the vime.
NAVAL AD YISOllY 3J0AKD.
Mr. RAMSEY submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
RciOh cd, That the Seeft iry of the Xav> lie directed to
communicate to the Senate the report and ptooeeduii:-* of
the advi-oty hoatd, appointed uiuh-r th<' ect of Julj 10,
1^03, enii'ied "An a^t t<i iMjIj!Ni and equalize the guides
oi hue ntiicei-. <.l the United States* !Na\>to^i-Uier with
the n,-aucrion^ to --aid advii-on huaul. and all leuei>, me-
uioii d-. and other papci-= on lde jn the Department, pro-
tuntmjr 01 in any inamiei ii'l.itniy to the action ot *aid
advioOiy hoard, whether the buine were written or pie-
.sc-nied by office!" of the Navy not ic ointnended tor further
ptoinorion by said adviuosy hoaul, or by other pel sons1 m
their behalf.
PUBLIC DOCUMENTS.
Mr. PIOWE submitted the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be requested
to inform tlie Senate what public hook4- and documents are
m his custody which by a jomtresoiution of Congress, ap-
proved Maieh 3, 1863, were set apart for distribution.
Mr. HALE. I have no objection to the reso-
lution, though I believe that information has been
particularly furnished ina printed sheet delivered
to every Senator by the Secretary of the interior
with in the last week. If the Senate choose to pass
it, I have no objection; but I think the Secretary
has made a full report upon the subject, covering
the volumes, and stating the reason why he could
not execute the joint resolution.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
OATII OF OFFICE.
Mr. WILSON. I move'to postpone all other
subjects, and take up the bill to amend an act enti-
tled "An act for enrolling and calling out the na-
tional foices, and for other purposes.''
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair had for-
gotten that half past twelve o'clock of this day
was assigned as the hour for the consideration, as
a special order, of the resolution of the Senator
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner,] proposing
an additional rule of the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. That is now the special order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Thatsubjectis now
before the Senate, and is the special order.
Mr. SUMNER. At the suggestion of the Sen-
atoi from Delaware, who is now in his place, I
propose to move that that be again postponed until
to-morrow at twelve and a half o'clock, and made
the special order; and I make that motion on tins
account: the Senator, as weallknow,is desirous
of being heard on the question, and to-day seems
to be set apart to finish the military bill, and if we
enter upon the consideration of the military bill
there may not be time for the Senator from Del-
aware to go through with his remarks. I there-
fore make the motion that the further considera-
tion of the resolution be postponed until to-morrow
at half past twelve o'clock, and made the special
order for that hour.
Mr. BAYARD. I have not the slightest objec-
tion to the postponement of the resolution until
to-morrow at half past twelve o'clock, and making
it the special order for that time. I am at the
pleasure of the Senate as regards any discussion
I am to make of the proposed rule. If the public
business requires that other measures should be
fiast disposed of, of course it is proper that it
should be done, and I accede to it without a mo-
ment's hesitation. All I desire is that when the
proposed lule comes up for consideration 1 may
have time to be heard. It will take me some time
to express my views in opposition to it. After
that I shall take no further part in the debate, nor
do I intend to vote on the question of the adoption
or rejection of the rule, because, though I hold
that I have the right to do so, I should consider it
neither proper nor decorous to cast my vote on a
question which might decisively affect my own
personal action; and even if that vote should reject
the itilo, it will not be given.
Under these cncumstances I simply ask to be
heard, and when I am heard I would rather com-
mence at such an hour that I may hope there will
be a sufficient number of the Senate piesent to
listen to the views that I have to express, lhave,
however, no objection to the postponement until
to-inoi low at half past twelve o 'clock, and making
it the spec lal order at that time.
Mr. DAVIS. I should like to have the matter
that concerns me personally disposed of by the
Senate. I am not inclined to interfere with the
arrangement suggested by theSenatoi I'tom Mas-
sachusetts that seems to be desired by the Senator
from Delaware. But while I avow my willing-
ness thus to yield to the pleasure and disposition
of the Senate in lelation to these subjects, I hope
that tine Senate will make my matter the special
order for Wednesday at one o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion of the Senator from Massachusetts to
postpone this resolution until to-morrow at half
past twelve o'clock, and make it the special order
at that time.
Mr. DOOLITTEE. I am peifectly willing that
it shall be taken up to-morrow, provided this en-
rollment bill be disposed of.
