1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to make the war a crusade for the liberation of
enslaved negroes he became answerable for ail
the calamities that have since fallen upon our un-
happy country. Had headhered to his first po-
sition, had he followed the spiiit of the Crittenden
resolution, wc should have held the South divided,
while the North would have been resolutely uyited
in any movement to crush the revolt. In such a
case who can doubt that the rebellion, which still
rears its head in proud defiance and still threatens
to ingulf all that remains of our free Govern-
ment, would have been nipped in the bud? But
now, after a desperate struggle of three years,
which has no parallel in history, involving an
unexampled sacrifice of life and treasure—after
depleting our country in its youth and manhood
and pecuniary resources to a frightful extent—
after suffeiing deep national humiliation and im-
posing upon future generations a load of debt, the
interest of which will swallow up an immense
proportion of the annual products of the enter-
prise, industry, and capital of the nation, we find
ourselves apparently further from a termination
of the struggle than when it first commenced—
always supposing that the war is to be continued
to consummate the emancipation and reconstruc-
tion policy of the President and his abolition advis-
ers, as proclaimed from the other side of this Hall.
Does history present any record of so sad a fail-
ure on the part of any established Government to
quell a rebellion within its own borders? If we
could even now turn the attention of the Admin-
istration from its efforts to carry the presidential
election, and its pestilent idea of negro philan-
thropy, to the great business of abolishing the
^ rebel armies and destroying the military power
ofthe secessionists, we might possibly sec the war
closed and the Union saved before Che end of the
piesent year. But we shall see no such thing.
The continuance of the war is a part of the Re-
publican programme of the election, and arestoia-
tion of the Union would be a fatal blow to the
hopes of the horde of public plunderers whose
vocation will cease when Mr. Lincoln retires from
the presidential mansion.
Just heie, Mr. Chairman, permit me to ask
what has the freedom or slavery of the black race,
their comfort or misery, their rights or wrongs,
their elevation or depression, to do with a war for
the restoration of the Union under the Constitu-
tion, the purposes of which were so clearly de-
fined in the Crittenden resolutions of 1861 ? What
we want, Mr. Chairman, is to establish the su-
premacy of the Federal laws in all the States of
the Union. When that is done, what will there
be to fight for? Shall we then continue the war
to emancipate the negroes constitutionally held to
service ? Gentlemen upon the other side say yes S
Why not as well war with Spain, Brazil, Turkey,
and other slave nations to enforce the liberation of
the black slaves in their dominions ? Why not as
well commence a wai with tin1 remaining slavehold-
ers in the loyal States, in Kentucky, Maryland,
and Delaware,where the Presidentdid notpresume
to molest their ii property in man" by his proc-
lamation? As the fate of the negro, under any
circumstances, must depend upon the local laws
of the State in which he dwells, why not leave
him to take care of himself while we look after
the interests of the white race and endeavor to stay
the tide of blood and carnage which has already
spread so much desolation and mourning through-
out the land ?
Considering our immense preponderance of
population, our superior facilities for bringing
large armies info the field, our advantages of a
powerful and effective nava! force, our almost un-
limited means to arm, feed, clothe, and pay our
troops, while in all these respects the rebels have
been ciampcd and embarrassed, having compara-
tively no manufactories of their own, with their
seaports so closely blockaded as to almost exclude
them fiom obtaining arms and other supplies from
abroad, have wc not made an exceeding poor
show to the world of our ability to conquer this
rebellion by force of arms: With all these ad-
vantages—with the expenditure of more than
twice if not four tinn-s the amount of money dis-
biitsed tor the support of the rebellion, and the
sacrifice of tens of thousands more lives in battle
and by disease than have been lost by the rebel
aimies—what actual results have been achieved
in the way of restoring the Union? Aside from
the anticipated exhaustion of the rebel resources,
what assurances can we give the people to-day
that this war will not be continued for years and
years to come, and. that Government will not re-
quire draft after draft of men to continue this har-
vest of death ? Do our Republican friends fail to
remember that*a defensive war was never yet
stopped by financial destitution on the part of
those who were defending their homes and fight-
ing for what they conceived to be their rights?
History makes no such recoid. Whatever their
present will or purpose, Mr. Chairman, the sad
experience of the last three years proves to my
mind that the men now in power are incapable of
putting down this rebellion and restoring the
Union upon any programme they may adopt.
And, Mr. Chairman, in view of the unpleasant
facts and cheerless circumstances to which I have
referred, I am impelled to the conclusion that the
vast army of public plunderers, contractors, place-
men, and a venal patriots," who have been44 run-
ning" this Administiation from its commence-
ment, have resolved that the war shall not end
while they can retain the power to keep it in
operation.
Our constituents, Mr. Chairman, were lately
consoling themselves with the thought that they
had escaped a draft to fill up the new army of
half a million men then being organized for three
years' scrvice. Not long, however, were they
permitted to 'May the flattering unction to their
souls" before another draft was ordered, which is
still pending, fur two hundred thousand more;
and when that shall be supplied, if the present
Administration is continued for another term,
other armies of like or greater magnitude will be
demanded over and over again before negro free-
dom and equality becomes the "fixed fact" so
prematurely recognized by my colleague, [Mr.
Brooks.]
The cupidity of the leaders of the Republican
party has overslaughed their patriotism, and they
have evidently become more anxious how to pro-
tract the war without exciting the suspicions of
the people as to the mercenary and personally
ambitious motives.which govern them, than to
restore peace, tranquillity, and union to our suf-
fering country.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Gaefield]
proclaims that this is an abolition Congress; that
ours is an abolition army; that the country is
abolition in sentiment, and that no conditions of
peace are to be entertained which do not concede
the complete abolition of negio slavery, in every
State, foi ever ! Other gentlemen upon that side
have boldly advanced the same theory. If such
a result were possible without violating the Con-
stitution and without the sacrifice of the white
race, without beggaring whatever of loyal people
there may be in theSouth, the innocent dupesof
the arch-traitors who set the rebellion in motion,
whom wc hope to see once more m the fraternal
cmbraccs of the Union, and who will then be ex-
pected to help pay the debt which has been in-
curred in compelling them to submit to the laws,
I would rejoice in its consummation,and so would,
1 doubt not, the entire Democracy of theNoith.
Sir, I am no advocate or defender of slavery, nor
was I ever. Nor was the Democratic party ever
a pro-slavery party, as gentlemen on the other
side deiight to aver. Simple non-intervention has
been the uniform policy of the Democracy upon
the negro question, and that policy they would
have applied to the conduct of this war; and that
policy they would adhere to in adjusting the terms
of a return ofthe seceded Stales to theirallegiance.
We would lot the people of those States, as the
Constitution provides, fix the status ofthe negro.
If slavery is now abolished, as my colleague
from the city of New York says it is, whether
that result has been accomplished as an incident
of our military operations or by*virtuc of the Pres-
ident's proclamations of emancipation and am-
nesty, it is not the mission ofthe Democratic party
to reestablish it, as n was not our right to destroy
or molest it when the poweis of the Government
rested in our hands. As a party, we owe nothing
to slavcrv or slaveholders; but we do owe some-
thing to the Constitution. We are as much bound
to regard the provision in respect to " pet sons held
to service" as any other; and so far as that in-
strument protects slavery, the northern Democ-
racy has assented to >ts existence in such States
as have been pleased to tolerate it as a system of
labor. Wc had no right to move for iis abolition,
as the party now in power have no right to make
its extinction a condition precedent 4 restora-
tion of peace, union, and friendly intercourse with
the rebellious States. The pro-slavery stigma
which the abolitionists have sought to fasten upon
iheDemocratic party was always a calumny, and
as such has been repelled in all the controversies
that have arisen in regard to negro slavery since
the annexation of Texefs, when the quarrel which
now convulses the nation first entered prominently
into the party politics of the country. "
The right of States to control their domestic
affairs and to have slavery or leave it alone-—to
abolish or continue it—is a constitutional preroga-
tive whith the Democracy never questioned; and
when that right has been assailed by fanatics and
negro worshipers,it has been the province of the
Democratic party, as the champion and special
guardian of the Constitution, to defend that pro-
vision as a portion of the fundamental iaw'of the
land. Our efforts have over been to keep the ne-
gro question out of the arena of politics and out
of tlie halls of Congress. If the people of any
State desired slavery, we were willing they should
have it. If any desired to abolish or prohibit it,
we said, "Amen !" But our inability to exclude
the irritating controversy which the agitation of
the slavery question engendered, from the issues
in paity politics, and the determination of our
opponents to make the negro and his wrongs, real
or fancied, a prominent feature in all their po-
litical operations, has brought upon the country,
as wc always picdicted it would, disunion and
war, followed by dire calamities too numerous
and too mournful to recapitulate upon this occa-
sion. From a multiplication of these calamities
and a long continuance of this cruel, bloody, and
exhausting war, I can sec no deliverance short of
ejecting from power, in a constitutional way, the ,
radical abolitionists who are incited by interest as
well as policy to prosecute this fraternal stiife to
secure political results.
The Demociatic theory of this rebellion was
well stated the other day by my colleague, [Mr.
Kernan,] whose position was that the States^ as
such, are not in rebellion, but individuals and
combinations of individuals have setup a resist-
ance to the national Government, and the Gov-
ernment is striving to subdue them. The States,
as States, are not to be punished or disfranchised
for the acts of these individual rebels,even though
they constitute a majority of the people in the
State and have usurped the power of the Stute.
The business of the General Government is to
overthrow the usurpers and rescue the State gov-
ernment from their hands; and whenitshall have
overcome the insurrection, it can punish the in-
dividual traitprs according to their crimes and in
accordance with law. tWhat we want is power
to enforce the law against individuals. We have
nothing to do with States, or with their constitu-
tions or laws, otherwise than t'o know that they
have a republican form of government and that
their laws are in accordance with the Constitu-
tion of the United States. The rebel States are
still a part of the nation. They have never been
out ofthe Union. Their ordinances of secession
are null and void. They had no power to take
themselves out of the Union, and the rebels are
therefore still citizens of the United States, amen-
able to Federal law.
Sir, I repudiate the theory of the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means that they are
a foreign people, alien enemies, and that upon
their return to the Union the southern States are
to be treated as conquered provinces. I adhere
to the war platform of Congress in 1861,and con-
tend that so soon as the Government finds itself
able to enfoice the Federal laws within and
throughout the territoi y of any State in rebellion,
by civil process, that moment military opeiations
against the people of that State should cease, and
recourse should at once be had to civil authority
for the punish merit of crimes and the enforcement
of the laws.
in this view, I cannot resist the conclusion that
if thiy nation is ever saved fiom the ruin which
now 1 brent ens it, !ho States must first come again
together undt't " the Constitution as it is," haw-
ever '{sick" it may make the gentleman ftoW
Pennsylvania, before a permanent adjustment of
the pending difficulties can be made. When all
the States are once again in fraternal commomon,
chastened by the caianuUv4 of the war> and cou-
