THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 25,
by authority of the Postmaster General of the
United States, if any such person shall secrete,
embezzle, or destroy, any letter or packct in-
trusted to him, and which shall not contain any
security for or assurance relating to money,every
feuch offender, being duly convicted, shall, for
every such offense, be fined not less than §300,
or imprisoned not less than six months, or both,
•ftccording to the circumstanccs and aggravations
of ihe offense. If any person so employed shall
Kecrete, embezzle, or destroy any letter, packet,
•bag, or mail ofletters, with which he or she shall
.'be intrusted, or which shall have come to his or
her possession $ and are intended to be conveyed
by post, or to he carried or delivered by any mail
carrier, mail messenger,letter carrier,routeagent,
'Or oilier person employed in any of the depart-
ments of the post office establishment of the Uni-
ted States, or to be forwarded or delivered through
or from any post office or branch post office es-
tablished by authority of the Postmaster General
of the United States, such letter, packct, baa;, or
mall of letters, containing any note, bond, draft,
check, revenue stamp, postage stamp, money or-
*leri certificate of stock, or other pecuniary obli-
gation, or Government sccu ity of any description
whatever, issued, or that may hereafter be issued
by the United States, or by any officer or fiscal
agent thereof, any bank nolo or bank post bill,
. bill of exchange, warrant of the Treasury of the
United States, note of assignment of stock in the
funds, letters of attorney for receiving annuities
'or dividends, or for selling stock m the funds, or
for receiving the interest thereof, or any letter of
'credit, or note for, or relating to, payment of
-moneys, or any bond, or warrant, draft, bill, or
promissory note, covenant, contract, or agree-
ment whatsoever, for,or relating to,the payment
of money, or the delivery of any article of value,
or the performance of any act, matter, or thing,
or any receipt, release, acquittance, or discharge j
of, or from, any debt., covenant, or demand, or
any part thereof, or any copy of any recoid of
nny judgment, or decree, in any court of law, or
chancery, or any execution which may have is-
sued thereon, or miy copy of any other record,
or any other article of value, or any writing lep-
resenting the same; or if any such person shall
wteal, or lake, any of the same out of any letter,
packet, bag, or mail of letters, that shall come to j
ins or h6r possession, whether such letter or i
•packet, bag or mail of letters shall have come or !
been placed in his or her possession to be for- .
warded or delivered in the regular coitrse of his j
or her official duties, or shall have come or been I
placed in his or hei possession in any other man- '
iter, and provided that such letter or packet, bag ;
or mail of letters shall not have been delivered to
the person or persons to whom it is diiected, such
pcrsou shall, on conviction for any buch offense,
be imprisoned not less than ten years nor ex-
ceeding twenty-one years; and the fact that tiny
such letter or packet, bog or mail of letters shall
have been ifrpositid m any post office 01 blanch
post office esl.ibi.s!11 d by authority of the Po.st-
tnaster Genem! of ihe United States, or in any
other Authorized depository of mail letters, or in
ehaige of any postmaster, assistant postmaster,
c!e k, earner, agent, or messenger employed in
the post office establishment of the United States,
is to be taken and held aa evidence that the same
was "intended to be conveyed by post1' within j
the meaning ol this statute; and if any person i
who shall have taken charge of the mails of the !
Unitf d States shall voluntai ily ijuit or desei t them s
hefoie such person delivers it into the post office
kept at the humiliation of the loute, or some
known mail ca  Her, or agent of the General Post
Office, authorized to receive them, every such
person, so offending, is to foifuit and pay a sum
not exceeding $300 for every such offense; and
if any petson concerned iiT carrying the mail of
the (Jn'ted States shall collect, receive, or carry
any h-tferor packet, or shall cause or procure the ;
same to be done, contiary to this act, every such ■
offender is to forfeit and pay, for every e>uch of- !
fense, a sum not exceeding fifty dollars.—Section
twenty-one, M«:f of Maich 3, 1825,
The thirteenth section piovidey that dead let- |
ters containing valuable inclosures shall be leg is* ,
tered in the Department; and when it appears t
that they can neitherbe delivered to their addiess j
wvtto the writers* the contents, so far as availa- I
life,-are to he used Co promote the efficiency of'
the dead letter office, according to the provis-
ions of the seventh section of the act approved
February 27, 1861, entitled 4< An act to establish
certain post routes;" and the amount is to be
shown in the annual report, and be subject to re-
clamation by either the party addressed or by the
sender for four years from legistry, careful ac-
count being kept of them. All other letters
deemed &f value or of importance to the party ad-
dressed, or to the writer, and which it appears
cannot be returned to either destination, are to bo
disposed of as the PostmasterGeneral shall direct.
The fourteenth section provides that letter-car-
riers shall be employed at such post offices as
the Postmaster General shall direct, for the de-
livery of letters, in the places, respectively, where
such post offices are established; and for their
services they are severally to receive a salary to
be prescribed by the PostmasterGeneral, notex-
ceeding §800 per year; but, on satisfactory evi-
dence of their diligence, fidelity, and experience
as carriers, the Postmaster General may increase
their respective sulaiies from time to time to any
sum not exceeding $1,000; and each of the car-
riers is to give bond, with sureties, to be ap-
proved by the Postmaster General, for the safe
custody and delivery of all letters, packets, and
moneys received by him.
. The fifteenth section provides that all expenses
for the letter-carriers, branch offices, and teceiv-
ing boxes, or incident thcieto, shall be entered
and reported in a sepaiate account from the ordi-
nary postal expenses of such postolfioe,and shall
be shown in comparison with the procet ds of the
postages on local mail matter at each office, in •
order that the. Postmaster General may be guided
in the expenditures for that branch of the postal
scrvice by income derived therefrom.
The sixteenth section proposes to repeal the
eighth, eleventh, fourteenth, seventeenth, and
eighteenth sections, of the act entitled " An act to
amend the laws i elating to the Post Office Depart-
ment," (tppiuvcd Match 3, 18(53, the provisions
of which have been modified and incorporated in
this bill.
The seventeenth section provides that the spe-
cial agent of the Post. Office Depaitment in the
Pacific States and Territories shall receivers com-
pensation five dollars per diem.
Mr. HALE. 1 undetstand that the bill which
the Secretary has b^n reading is printed as an
amendment to a House bill. 1 do not under-
stand it.
Mr. CONNESS. i will say in explanation to the
j St nator that when the poat route bill was pending
\ in the Senate, at t he instance of the chai rman of the
! Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads in the
House of Representatives, 1 presented this meas-
ure, which was a House bill reported unan-
imously from that committee, that it might be
leferred to the proper committee of this body,
and offered as an amendment to the post route
bill. The rules of the House made it quite im-
possible for them to take it up there as an ori-
ginal bill at this time. The committee ot this body,
of which the Senator from Vermont [Mr. Col-
| i.amkr] i« chairman, concluded not to join the
j i wo bills together, and reported the post route
I bill and it passed the Senate, and then concluded
I upon full consideration of this measure to report
] it as un original bill by the committee, it having
^ been previously considered by the corresponding
i committee of the other House and unanimously
j repoited to that body, so that it stands as an ori-
' ginal bill, having been fully and cuiefully consid-
I ered.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to ask the chairman
of the committee if tins bill increases the com-
pensation of postmasters or increases the expenses
of that Department.
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 do not understand it as
increasing the expenses. It is resolving commis-
sions into salaries. They are to receive salaries
which are to be fixed by ascertaining how much
their receipts have been dunngthe past Uvo years,
' and the salaiics are to be averaged by that,
j Mr. CONNESS. I will say m addition to the
j Senator that the plan it proposes is this: it makes
all postmastei s salai led oHIcers m lieu of being
paid by commissions, and it classifies the post-
masters accoi ding to the business-^done at their
offices. The amount to b« paid as a salary will
be ascertained from the average compensation by
commissions for the past two years. If, however,
the business of any particular officg should do-
crease, the office Is to be taken from the higher
class that it was in and placed in a lower class.
If it should increase, it will be taken from the
lower class in which it was in and placed in a
higher class, this being subject to a regulation of
the Department and not requiring congressional
action. It is not intended to inciease or diminish
the salaries of the postmasters, but it fixes a round
sum for their salaries as near as can be ascei tained.
It is also intended to supersede the necessity of
the keeping of the accounts upon which the pres-
ent salaries are based, and to simplify the whole
proceedings. It is a bill in substance such as
passed this body two years ago. It has been
carefully matured by the Postmaster General, it
has been agreed to,as Mr. Alley, the chairman of
the Committee on the Post Office and PostRnatfs
in the House of Representatives has informed tne,
unanimously by that committee, and they believe
it will <ftot only simplify the business, but very
much cheapen the cost of the Department with-
out in any manner injuring the public service.
Mr. HALE. 1 should like to ask the chair-
man of the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads what is the advantage in paying these post-
masters a salary instead of a commission.
Mr. COLLAMER. H will simplify Hie keep-
ing, rendering, and settling of their accounts. If
any gentleman will examine into the form of the
blanks furnished for the keeping of the accounts
in thevaiious post offices in the United States,
the great number and complication of those ac-
counts which are sent up quarterly and the ac-
count of labor required in the examination of those
accounts in the Department bete, and the great
number of men employed in it, he will find that
three fourths of ail that work is done merely to
get at the commissions of the postmasters, and if
you give them a fixed salary you dispense with
all that machinery. That is the great object.
Mr. HALE. It may be so, but I confess I do
not sue it so, because the bill imposes upon the
Postmaster Genetal the necessity of uscettaining
what the amount of the compensation of each
postmaster shall be. For instance, the second
section provides:
That the Postmaster General shall review nneo in two
yeai3, and in special ease* upon ssausfactoiy representation
as much ofteuer as he may deem expedient, and readjust,
| oh the basis ot the preceding set uou, the &alaty assigned
i by him to any office.
llow will it be possible for the Postmaster
General to examine this matter every two years
and to readjust the compensation unless he keeps
an account of the commissions as he did before?
Mr. COLLAMER. Under this bill establish-
ing the salary system, the postmaster of course
is required to keep an account of his receipts,
ail he receives and all he pays out, and to render
that account quarterly. He wiil not have to
make up these complicated accounts, but a record
simply of receipts and expenditures. The ac-
counts that will be required by this bill of the
postmasters are pretty much all kept now, inas-
much as the business is done by the prepayment
of letter postage or stamps. It is not therefore
requisite for the postmaster tokeepsuch accounts
as were formerly kept. The former necessities
for them have been reduced simply to the kitap-
ing of those accounts with all theircomphcationa
to get at the commission of the postmaster. Now
if he will keep an account simply of w hat he has
received and what he has paid out for each quar-
ter, that will furnish to the Postmaster General
the element or material out of which he can see
whether the business and duties of th.it office
have increased, and therefore he can untmge it m
the proper class by means of the new improve-
ments which are thus required to be furnished
under this bill.
Mr, WILSON. I desire to ask the chairman
of the committee if this bill increases the discre-
tion of the Postmaster General over this subject
further than that discretion now exists under the
present law. I thought by the leading of the bill
that there was a great deal of discretion left to
him in legaul to this compensation,and in r^-guid
to the consideration of cases that might he brought
up before him. For one, 1 do not wish to increase
that discretion. We have an immense number of
postmasters in the country. 1 think they are al-
ways under the control, more or less, of the Post-
master General, and I do not wish to increase Ins
