1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
255
incompatible with military service, the judge shall certify ;
the fact to the boaid ol enioHuient for the enrollment cli.->- '
tiict in winch saieh petitions shall reside, and upon the
leceipt ofsuch ceitificate the boaid of enio'lmcnt shall take 1
no f.nfliei proceeding, nor -ball any preceding whatever j
be taken to enfoiuo -ueh < onsciontiou- person into the null- ;
taiy semec of the United States undei that diaft, or lot Hie
penod of throe years ftom the date of such ceitificate.
«/iwf be it further enact cd, That at the tune ofissuingMieh
ceit'ficate by a judge of the distnet or circuit court, a^ afore-
said, or as soon thereafter as practicable, such judge shah
is?tie an order to the, clerk ot the distiict or eneuit court of
which ho is the judge, to issue a wan ant of distre-s directed
to the maichal ofihe disti ict, oi to his deputy, agamstsiich
conscientious peison for the sum of $400, with all lawful
costs upon the said petition and warrant, and the same ^hali
bo served by levying the same upon the goods, chattels,
mono} s, lands, and tenements of such conscientious per-
son, and when iccoveied, the said penalty shall be paid into
the Treasury of (lie United States, and thccustato the per-
son* entitled to receive the same.
The effect of this amendment is, that a person
conscientiously scrupulous against hearing arms
is relieved ftom the obligation to pay $400 for the.
proeutation of some other person to do that which
ho believes God has forbidden him to do, and pro-
vides that the fine shall be collected by warrant
of distress. He then submits to the law, the taw
takes his property, and he makes no complaint
or opposition; but he is not requiicdto do it vol-
untarily, and that is a great relief to the consciences
of a great many intelligent men. I do not see how
it makes any sort of difference to the Government.
I hope the amendment will meet with the assent
of the Senate.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The bill as it stands does
not it-quire them to go as combatants at all, but.
simply gives them their choice, either to take care
of the sick and wounded, or pay over their §400
for the purpo.se of providing for the wants of the
sick and wounded. I do not understand any
Quaker m the world to object to numbering to the
wants of those who are sick or who are wounded
in war. They are willing to do everything to al-
leviate the results of war. What they object fo is
bearing arms and being instrumental in the killing
of men themselves.
Mr. ANTHONY. A great many of them object
to rendering any service which relieves another
man from the obligation of that service and enables
him to go into the Ai my.
Mr. JOHNSON. That is going too far.
Mr. ANTHONY. 11 is going too far, I know,
but it is no furthei than yci y honest and very m-
U iligent men go. They have held these opinions,
and their ancestors before them, for a great many
years. As if is the same thing to the Govern-
ment, and will be a material i el let to them, 1 cannot
see any objection to the amendment. 1 am not
going to debate the matter.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 should like to know of the
Senator from Rhode Island whethei he feels as-
sured that the Quakers would nil her have this tax
which he ih going to impose upon them than go
to the war? They have generally an aversion to
going into court; but this amendment compels
them to go into court. The thing is utfeily im-
practicable. They have got to make this appli-
cation before the judge of the district or circuit
court of the district m which they live. That
may possibl y be done in the State of Rhode Island,
where there are only two or three counties, and
those very small ones; but what would airian do
in a State the size of the one of winch lama cit-
izen , containing ninety-nine counties? The Qua-
ke ws would be earned off from one portion of the
State and placed m the Army before they would
have an opportunity to learh or to convey any
kind of intelligence to the district judge in that
dis;ne,t. If we were to adopt the proposition it
could not be earned into execution; it h utterly
impracticable. It might possibly be executed in
some States, but it would be impossible to exe-
cute it in otheis.
Mr. TEN E YCJv. Mr. Piesiden?, I think these
persons ought either to be exempted altogether or
not exempted at all. i have on my table a me-
m<>ual placed there this morning, which comes
fiom the meeting repiesentnig the Ohio \ early
Meeting of Fiiends, held at Damascus on the 8th
day of the first month, 3864, m which these me-
morialists state—
" That the SocietyofFuend-- has fiom its ri-c been con-
scientious against fighting or bearing amw uiukr any cir-
cumstances, or paying art eqiuv aienun heu thereof >'
After stating the grounds of their belief, the
memorial winds up by saying:
«\Vc theieforc rcspcetfnlly a k ior exemption fiom mil-
itary service, and from all penalties for the non-perform-
ance ihi'icof.''
This memorial embodies the idea which I have
. always understood to be entertained by Friends,
that they cannot m any way take part in war ac-
cording to their conscientious convictions. I voted
i against their exemption the other day. I do not
see, myself, why they should be exempt. It is a
very harsh measure, I know; but it is n. very harsh
measure to force other men into the Army, if their
disposition is not to go there, and if their patri-
otic feelings do not offer them a sufficient induce-
ment to volunteer. I do not think the amendment
proposed by the Senatorfrom Rhode Island teaches
the point desired by the Friends. We should do
either one thing or the other: exempt them alto-
gether or not at all.
Mr. SUMNER. I will inquire of the Sena-
tor from Rhode island whether his amendment
is confined in its operation exclusively topeisons
belonging to the Society of Fiicnds?
Mr. ANTHONY. Dh, no; all persons con-
scientiously scrupulous against bearing arms.
Mr. SUMNER. It is applicable, then, not
merely to Friends, but to all persons who have
conscientious scruples against bearing arms.
Mr. ANTHONY. And who can prove that
their lives and conversation have been in accord-
ance with their profession.
Mr. SUMNER. I think the proposition of the
Senator ought to be adopted. I felt that the
proposition we acted on the other day was defect-
ive, especially in that part of it introduced by my
friend the Senator from Iowa, [Mr. Haklan,]
where he restrained its operation not only to pei-
sons who were conscientiously opposed to the
bearing of ai ms, but they must also be prohibited
from doing so by the rules and articles of faith and
practice of their religious denomination. That
of eouise gives no exemption to an individual
conscientiously opposed to the bearing of arms.
Now it so happens, since I have come into the
Senate to-day I have received from the Governor
of my State a communication covering one ad-
dressed to him relating to a soldier in our service
who is conscientiously opposed to the bearing of
| arms, and the Governor in his communication to
me especially auks me to intciest myself in this
case and to present it to the Government; hut 1
will now present it to the Senate as an illustiation
of the hardship which occuts under our existing
law:
<• The following facN in relation to the young man wf
have iiom Mich aiithoutv as leave- u< no doubt of then
suh-t.nitial i-oilectin*.--. lb- h.\- trom Ikh hood been a mm- i
re* i1-!.'in. .tin! ) cgaided all war a1- cumiual, and has enuiejj
nb-t.'wied ttom \ oting a-a rehiuuu^ dutv . Since then In4
ha-done cvci\thing m lu- powt r to <ud the Government
:\<ram-t. the n--":mlK~ol the slaveholder-. Diaitedm Oeto-
Ik'i la-t. the authentic of the camp on Long I^and appre-
ciated las religious temples against hearing aims, and
tieated linn with kindne > ;mdu-p<:ct. lint in Virgmiathc
otlicer hi chatge, a Major Cook, of Clouce-tcr, Massachu-
setts—
I am sorry I am obliged to read such a state-
ment with reference to a Massachusetts officer—
]. '• h,i- endeavored to foiee him to yield his conscientious
|; convjohon-. lie has- been tied up in the wood* w lib mule*,
j | Mi-penned by hi- hrind-j afrci the manner of slaves, until lie
r could hatdiy stand alone, deprived of shelter, tood, and
'i finally put in the guaid-housi, wheiehe has been for six
ot m von week?. All tin- the <-oIdiei lias borne with gieat
courage and patience. liis health n seiiou-lv unpaired by
; i sucli exposure and **everit} .
jj '• Ton have aheadv fftnv.rou.-ly discharged seveial Q.u;i-
!, ker^who have been dialled into the Anny. This leads u^
[ j to hope that \ on wdl not he-itate todischaure fiom nu!itaiy
|1 service this young man who i--sulb'ting from his adheience
:1 to the -unic prine.ples a- tiieu-\'J
j. This is signed by foui respectable and, I may
ji say, eminent citizens of Massachusetts, and is
I addressed to the Secretary of War. I quote it
\\ simply as an illustiation of the hardship that oc-
I' cms under our exiting law. I hope, therefore,
j' that the pioposition of the Senator from Rhode
| Island will be adopted.
;i The PRESIDING OFFICER put the question
j> on the amendment, and declared that the noes
;. appeared to have it.
| Mr. WADE. I ask for the yeas and nays.
'• The yeas and nays were not ordered.
' The amendment was rejected.
!■ Mr. POWELL. I move to amend the bill by
inserting as a new section the following:
And be it j" ther rraefeJ, That mini-ten of the go=pcl
who have no secular pursuit and who have not an e-tute
'■ the income of which h Miilicient to siippnit themselves and
; families, and who devote themselves exclusively to tho
I- mini-tiy. are exempt fiom nv.iiuuy -eivjce undei this act. ,
It is not my purpose to make an elaborate ar-
gument on the amendment 1 propose. There is
now a section in the bill exempting from military
service those who are conscientiously opposed to
the bearing of arms. The amendment I offer only
exempts such ministers of the gospel as devote
themselves exclusively to the ministry, and who
have no other means of support. I do think
those persons ought not to be compelled to go into
the Army. I ask for the yeas and nays on the
amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will read an extract,only
a few lines, from the letter I referred to, from the
bishop of the diocese of Ohio:
" If the result of the present legislative debate shall be
the retention of the $300 commutation, there will be entire
satisfaction as to the cleigy. They have no disposition—f
speak of our own—to avoid a reasonable share ot burden.
What the) seek is to be allowed in the discharge of that
buiden to discharge also their sacied functions."
Then he says there will be no difficulty in cler-
gymen, where they are popular with the people,
obtaining commutation moneyand thus discharg-
ing themselves of this service.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 5, nays 33; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Cowan, Dixon, Powell, Sumner, and
Wiliey—5.
NAYS—Messrs. lUiekalew, Chandler, Clark, Collamcr,
Conner, Davis,Dooliftle. Fessenden,Foof. Foster, Grimes,
liaidinp, Harlan,ilairis,Henderson, Howard, Jlowe,John-
son, Lane uf Indiana, Lane of Ivan-a% Morgan, Moinll,
Ne-mith. Ramsey, Sherman, Spiague,Ten Kvck/J'i uinbull,
Van Winkle, Wade, Wilkinson, Wilson,and Wught—33.
So the amendment was rejected.
Air. HOWARD. If it lie in order, I wisli to
offer an amendment to the fifteenth section. That
section prowdes—
That any pet-on who shall forcibly resist or oppose any
em oilmenf, oi who shall incite, coun^ci, encourage, or who
*lia!i conspue oi ouni'edeiate with any other pers-ou or per-
sons foicildvto iesi-t or oppose any such enrollment, or
who «hall aid or a-s-ist, or take any pait m any foteible re-
sistance or opposition theieto,or who shall assault.ob-
stiuct, hindei, impede, m threaten any officer or other
pei-on employed in making oi in aiding to make such en-
rollment, oi employed in the performance, or in aiding in
the perlo'nnaiiee ot any service in any way ielating thereto,
oi in auestniL'or aiding to anc-t any spy or deseiter from
the militarj sm ice ol the United States shall, upon convic-
tion theieofin any couit competent to tiy the offense, be
punished by a hue not exceeding #.">()(), or by imprisonment
nut exceeding two veais, or by boih of said punishments,
in the discieuon of the court.
This clause simply punishes by fine and im-
prisonment conspiracies and other efforts to ob-
struct the enrollment and drafting of men, and also
for assaulting, obstructing, hindei ing, or impeding
their enioilment or the diaft; but it omits entirely
to impose any penalty in cases where such ob-
struction or hindering or impeding results in the
death of the officer or other peison in the public
employment in carrying out the draft. I think,
sir, we have full authority to punish any crime
that may be committed in opposition to this bill
when it shall become a law, and therefore that we
have the power and the right to punish murder
which may be committed in resisting the execu-
tion of this law; and the object of my amendment
is to punish, as for the crime of murder, the of-
fender in every case in which his assault or his
obstruction or hindering or impeding shall result
in the death of the officer or person employed in
the public service. I therefore offer this amend-
ment to come m at the end of the section:
And in case* where -ueh assaulting, obstructing, hinder-
ing, or impeding shall produce the death of sneh officer or
otlici pei .-on, the offender shall be deemed gudty of murder,
and upon conviction thereof upon indictment in the cueuit
or di-tnct com tot the United States for the district within
which the offence was committed, shall be punished with
death.
Mr. COWAN". That amendment is the law
now unquestionably, in my judgment. I think
the killing of any one in the execution of a lawful
act is now, always was, and always will be mur-
der. We have formerly made resisting the draft
an offense, and if persons, m resisting the draft,
killed the ofilccr attempting to execute it, that
would have been murder, and would have been
punishable under any State law. We have now
amended the law, because the question arose in
my own State, and it was held there by the United
States courts that resisting the enrollment was not
an offense, because it was not made so specifically
by the act of 1863. We have amended that, how-
ever, and now we have made it unlawful to resist
the enrollment; and if a killing should take place
