1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
discretion over everything. 1 wish to fix these
salaries by pbsitive law. It seems to me that tins
arrangement of postmasters into classes is an ad-
mi i able an ange merit if it is made the positive duty
of the Postmaster General to adjust them every
tsvo y^ars. I do not like to leave anything to the
discretion of any of the Secretaries more than
can be helped.
Mr. CONNESS. There is not any.
Mr. COLLAMER. The inquiry of the gentle-
man properly is, whether itleaves more to the dis-
cretion of the Postmaster General, not whether it
increase;, the measure of discretion already ex-
isting in him. lie is directed, to be sure, by this
bili to fix these salaries according to the income
of the past two years, but he may hereafter, and
it is his duty as often as every two years, to di-
vide them and arrange them into classes accord-
ing to the increase or the diminution of the re-
ceipts of the offices. It is true, in doing that
there is a measuteof discretion, and, although lie
cannot now change the amount of a postmaster's
income by any order ho can make under this bill,
provided the information furnished to him by the
quarteily returns of the post office showed that
the postmaster was doing a lai$er amount of
business, he could increase it. The moth: and
measure-by which he would govern hisdiscic-
tion in making that new classification of them
from time to time would depend entirely upon
regulations to be fixed by himself; so that you
may say there is rather more left to his judicial
discretion than there is now.
Mr. HALE. I observe that there is a. pro- I
vision here requiring the postmasters to account j
for all the box rents, and I wish to ask whether ;
that is not an alteration of the present law. Is ;
that the present law? ;
Mr. COLLAMER. It is m some cases. In j
large offices where they are able from their com- ;
missions to pay all the expenses of the offices and
a great deal more, as m Philadelphia and New J
York, they return everything they receive, box
rents and all; but generally in post offices they j
do not. The postma.steis set up the boxes them- i
selves and take the pay for them. At prtS"iil it i
is part of the emoluments of their office, they ,
being at the expense of putting op the boxes,and
they take that themselves. But it will he observed j
that under this bill the Postmaster General is to j
ascertain the total receipts and expt nditur<Hs of '
each office for two years past, and to fix the salary !
of the postmaster by that standaid,so that he re-
ceives the pay for the box rents in the estimate of j
his salary for the coming time; that is if he rcn- j
ders an account of those box rents, as I suppose j
it is undeistood he would. That is the way I \
understand the biii. !
Mr. HALE. I think that is rather an unwise
provision, for in the small towns, wheie the in-
comes of the offices are very small, the post-,
master puts up these boxes as a matter of con-
venience to the inhabitants, and he puts the pay
and emoluments fiom that source in his own
pocket and does not return them as pait of his
compensation. It is a convenience to those who
frequent the post office quite as much or more
than it is to the postmaster. The result will be
that in these small places where the compensa-
tion is but vtoy slight, if you compel the* post-
master to account for^ese boxes, the. boxes will
not be furnished. That will be the result, it seems
to me.
Mr. CONNESS. If it were to result in that,
way in the small towns it would be a great benefit
indeed to the service. In the small towns there
is no use for boxes in fact at all, if there is a
prompt and ready delivery. I have known in-
stances m y self frequently where boxes were estab-
lished And they were made to discriminate against
the general delivery. Tin re was only one per-
son to deliver and no man could get out a letter
until the customers of the postmaster for boxes
had helped themselves.
Mr. HALE, That may be so in San Fran-
cisco.
Mr. CONNESS. Not at San Francisco. I
would have the Senator understand that the post
office at San Pianciseo is as well regulated an
office and one of larger revenues than any m his
State, perhaps as laige as all of his State put to-
gether.
Mr. HALE. If the Senator will allow me,
some years ago when I was on the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads, that was one of the
.allegations made against the postmaster at San
Francisco.
Mr. CONNESS. I h:ive known it as an abuse
very general in small offices where boxes were
really not necessary at all, yet they were resorted
to as a means of increasing the revenue and com-
pensation of the postmaster when he could have
delivered promptly at the window every letter in
a short time, and let all the citizens take their
chances or come in rotation as they made their
appeaiance. This little system of perquisites is
really a nuisance in many of the small towns, and
is founded on nothing in the woild but the cupid-
ity of the postmaster. Where the business of an
office amounts to a sufficient sum to require the
establishment of boxes for any useful purpose,
then it is perfectly right that a record of the box'
rents should he kept, and then it should enter
perhaps into his proper perquisites. But if the
tendency of this change should be to rule nut the
system of boxes where they are not needed, tlu-io
could be no greater improvement, I have seen the
people constantly dissatisfied because when their
mail came they could not be waited upon until
those who had paid an extra compensation to the
postmaster hod first been provided for. It is a
great wrong.
Mr. HALE. The system of boxes as I have
seen it practiced is very dift'erent from anything
like that. I could illustrate it by the town in
which 1 live. I think the postmaster there has
something like two hundred boxes; I cannot give
the exact number.
Mr. CONNESS. That is a large office.
Mr. HALE. Oh, no, it is not. I lo has some-
thing like two bundled boxes. As fa-^t as the
mail is jecetved it. js placed in these box  s; every
man knows his own box because he knows ins
number; and it is a great advantage. If there is
anything in bis box he sees it and goes to the
window and takes it, and everything is dehveird
at one general delivery. Theie is no difference
between thot>e, that have boxes arid those that
have imt m r<gnid to the deliveiy. The advant-
age is in notifying the people mitMde that go to
the office that thei e are lettei s there lor them, and
they get them. Theiehave nevt r hern any com-
plaints of the system that I ever heard of, and it
is a veiy iireat accommodation indeed.
Mr. CONNESS. Thete could be no difficulty
about the arrangement that the Semuot spcoks
of. He now contemplates what aie culled " lock
boxes'' that nuty be opened from the outnde.
Those cannot be furnished in small offices. They
cost too much to set, them np. This provision
does not apply to boxes as huge and considerable
as where there are two hundred boxes. That is
a very latge office with an (Xtensive business.
But this system of boxes, I will suggest to the
Senator, is vei y often carried on having boxes in
the shape of pigeon holes on the inside; there is no
access to them from withofit; and the postmnstei
cannot attend to the geneial delivery while he is
attending to the box dehv< ry.
Mr. DIXON. I desire to ask whether it takes
any longer time to deposit the letteis in these
pigeon holes, as they aie called, than in any other
receptacle
Mr. CONNESS. Not at alt.
Mr. DiXON. Then then being placed in boxes
is no inconvenience. The Senator fiom New
Hampshire, is pcifectlv light about, that.
Mr. CONNESS. The only difficulty is in rc-
r gard to the d< livei y.
j Mi. HALE. Hut there is not the slightest dif-
ficulty m the delivery. If this seventh section
I were amended so as not to include the rents for
I lock boxes I should have no objection to it, but
j it is so broad now that it coveis all these boxes.
! The result would be that the postmaster m all
I these towns wheie theyliave twenty-five, fifty,
I one hundied, or one bundled and fifty boxes would
I discontinue them, simply because you take away
: the pay. It would be no benefit to the Govern-
ment and v great disadvantage to the community,
i I will move to amend the seventh section in the
i second line, by sti iking ou t the woi ds " and box
j rents at post offices;"so thatthe section will lead:
! Tiint all piwtagea and allgrhur leeeipis and emoluments
; at d po-t oll'iee ?>hall be received and accounted tor as a
' piutot the posul levelling, See.
' Mr. COLLAMER. If those woidsarestricken
out the postmasters of our large cities where there
are very large qmopofs received for bo^ n&fts,
enough to pay their Salaries four or.^ve
over, will not be require*!'to account for them,.
Mr. HALE. Nqme some f wouhrba
glad if the Senator would make the props/eunfcjsii-
ment to carry out niy object.' ]
Mr. COLLAMER'. 1 cannot do Hint, This
is a bill reported from my own comraijUee, aivd't
do not think it necessary to amend it/ ''
Mr. HALE. 1 move that the UilTlie overuout
to-morrow. It is an important measure malcing
a total change in the policy of the Government
from its foundation. We haveatways paid c'o'k$-
missions to postmasters. "
Mr. CONNESS. Mr.President,this.to&ea$«u*-&
has breji very deliberately considered; as much
so as the Senator considers naval billain the Com.*
mittec on Naval Affairs, and it.has been consid-
ered by two committees, the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads in thisbodyTandihesarae
committee in the other House. It is the deliber-
ate product of the Department. There has been
no bill before this body that has been more care.-
fully considered. Because the Senator from New
Hampshire does not understand its operation i$
one particulai, he asks that it Jieover atthisslage
of the session. I appeal to the Senator not to talc#
that course in reference to business that cornea
from either committees of this body*
Mr. HALE. I did not know tiiat there wa#
any comity due to committees against a- fuir tx*-
amination and di&cussion of thcic bills. I am
willing to give every committee of the body all
that is due to them; hut certainly the Senate take
the liberty, some times, of ovei ruling the decisions
of committees, and I think I have had as much
of that sort of experience as anybody.
Mr. CONNESS. Perhaps you deserved it.
Mi. HALE. I do not doubt that I deserved
it. Ail I ask of my brother Senatois who arc
favored with clearer intellects and greater capa-
city is that they ullowsome. of their measures to
be examined that we may see what they are. I
do not want to make any factious opposition,
Mr. COLLAMER. I am sure the gentleman
has no thought of that kind. I wish to make a
singlelemaik about box rents. Amongthe pro- ,
visions of this bill is one very important one, con-
tained in one of the latter sections, providing far
tin - pei so mil delivery of lettei s. The Postmaster
Geneial has commenced that system in the larger
(ities and is going on with H very successfully;
but there was a limitation in th<rformer law that
he should not employ etirriersand make these de-
liveries unless the local business of the office in
that neighborhood would pay the expense of it.
We ifever can expect the local business to pay the
expenses in the beginning of the system. But
in this bill that limitation in regard to the locai
business of the office is taken off, and it is the
present intention of the Department to deliver let-
teis in even the small-sized villages of the country,
to carry them to the house of the person to whom'
they are addressed and deliver them personally
ail over tins country. He believes he can do it
successfully and make it pay its way. Not in
the very scattered settlements where they never
use any boxes, but in all those places where they
would'be likely to use boxes, it is expected that
theiewil! beestablished in the course of a year or
two a system of personal delivery of letters to
almost eveiybody, if you will let this bill pass at
the present time. Boxes then will be a matter of
very little consequence.
Mr. HALE. Do you mean that the postmas-
ter or letter-carrier is to deliver the letters with-
out additional postage?
Mr. COLLAMER. I do mean just that. I
will undertake to assure the gentleman with the
utmost confidence that if this bill is passed the
Depai tment will not merely in the city of Dover,
whoie he resides, deliver letters at his house twice
a day, but in all our considerable villages and
towns throughout the country there will be at
least one delivery a day without any additional
expense whatever, and the Postmaster General
can make money by it, as he says. I do not
vouch for that, but I think he will make the de-
live ry.
Mr. HALE. I confess I do not know enough
about this matter to put my objections against the
sup<*i ior experience of tjie Senator from Vermont.
Mr. COLLAMER. Thai is what we want
this bill to try.
