1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2277
very different one. We know that General Blair
was a member of Congress. We know that Gen-
eral Blair is now holding a military commission.
1 see no analogy between the cases; and I would
not refer this subject as it now stands or is pre-
sented to any committee of this body for investi-
gation. I hope it will not be referred, but that
the question will be acted upon by the Senate
now in the form in which it is presented by the
substitute offered by the honorable chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs. I am not
anxious to ascertain whether some of the gentle-
men, one or moie, named in the preamble to the
resolution of the honorable Senator from Ken-
tucky, have been or are inconsistent or not. I
am willing to leave that where the action of.the
House of Representatives has placed it, and do
not regard such an inquiry as pertinent here. I
hope that the Senate will refuse to refer, and will
act upon the question as it is presented.
Mr. ANTHONY. I voted to take up this res-
olution for the very purpose of referring it. I
should have made the motion to refer if the Sen-
ator from Maine had not done so. I am certainly
not prepared to vote for a resolution of censure
on the President or either of the generals. I am
willing that the mattershall be referred; and then,
if the facts and the law are such as have been rep-
resented, we can vote accordingly. I am not pre-
pared to vote on it now. I shall vote for the ref-
erence.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The President has laid,
with great frankness, the whole facts before the
country in his communication to the House of
Representatives, and the counti y can judge as well
as we can in reference to the facts, and there-
fore I see no necessity for action on that branch
of the question unless gentlemen are disposed to
press for the expression of a general opinion upon
the subject by Congress, which would be in the
nature of a vote of censure or something of that
sort. So far as regards General Schenck or any
understanding that may have been had with him,
we have nothing to do with the question, because
General Schenck has not been either again nom-
inated or put in command.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
must interrupt the Senator to call up the special
order, the time for its consideration having ar-
rived.
Seneral Senators. Let us go on with this res-
olution.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Ifbyconscntofthe Sen-
ate this resolution be continued, it will not take
me two minutes to say what I desire to say.
Several Senators. Go on.
The PRESIDENT 2)ro tempore. The special
order will be laid aside informally,if theie be no
objection.
Mr. FESSENDF,N. The queslion stands very
differently, in my judgment, in regard to Genera!
Blair, it is admitted that he has been put in a
high military command, and been put in that
command by virtue of the commission which he
held previous to a certain period, that is to say,
the period when he became a member of this Con-
gress by taking the oath and qualifying himself
accordingly; and on the facts it also appears that
General Blair lyjd resigned that commission, and
that his resignation had been accepted. With
that we have something to do, while we have
nothing to do with the question so far as General
Schenck is concerned, he being a member of the
other House; and if any question such as is sug-
gested by the honorable Senator from Kentucky
arises in his case, it is to be judged by the other
House. General Blair, however, being actually
in command as an officer, and in high command,
we have something to do with his ease, bccausc
whether a man is major general or a brigadier
general depends upon our confirmation as well as
upon the Presirient'snomination; and therefore it
is not only our right but it becomes our duty to
look into that subject if we know the fact, and
we cannot help knowing the fact, because the
whole of it is contained in a communication under
the signature of the President, admitted and stated
by him to Congress. We have a right, and it is
our duty to take notice of the fact as it exists,
and to inquire whether he is a major general in
the service of the United States; and, as 1 have
before remarked, it depends upon us as well as
upon the President, in the first instance, whether
he is a major general in the seiviec of the United i
States. I think it very proper, therefore, thatwe
should investigate that matter, and in view of the
simple position which I have stated, of course I
shall vote for the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Massachusetts to the original reso-
lution, because it is confined to the matterwhich
it is proper that we should inquire into, and is di-
rect upon that subject.
Whether the question is to be referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary or not, Senators will
decide according to their own wishes and judg-
ment. For myself individually, I should not vote
to refer it, because I am perfectly clear in my own
mind that, on each of the grounds stated in the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, General Blair clearly is not an officer
of the United States. When he resigned his com-
mission, and that resignation was accepted with-
out qualification, he ceased to be a major general,
and he could not be made a major general again
without our permission.
Again, when he qualified himself as a member
of the House of Representatives, under the con-
stitutional provision he ceased to be a major gen-
eral,if he had not ceased before, and, in myjudg-
ment,he could not become a major general again
without our consent and advice.
Being perfectly clear on both these points, I
have no wish for a reference of the subject to any
committee .whatever, but am prepared to vote for
the lesolution at any moment.
Mr. NESMITH. Mr. President 
Mr. HALE. I mustmsiston the special order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The -special
order will ho taken up, benig Senate bill No. 114.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Can we not vote on this
resolution ? Does anybody want to speak?
Mr. HALE. 1 have no objection to a vote
being taken.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The resolu-
tion may be continued before the Senate by unan-
imous consent. The Chair hears no objection.
The Senator from Oregon is entitled to the floor
on the resolution.
Mr. HALE. I want to ask a question of or-
der. If this consent is given, does it extend all
day ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
thinks not. The Chair will call up the special
order at the termination of this debate.
Mr. NESMITH. I only desire to make one
or two remarks on this matter. Whatever con-
stitutional question may be involved, a usage has
grown up in the Departments of this Government
in connection with the subject of action on resig-
nations, and for that reason 1 should like to hove
the resolution referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, instead of our proceeding at once to
condemn the couise that has been pursued by the
Secretary of War and the President in this in-
stance. There are ample precedents, 1 think.
I can name one which I have now in my mind's
eye. Under the administration of General Jack-
son, an officer of the artillery lesigned. Some
five or six months after his resignation was ac-
cepted his company was heic m Washington.
The commanding officer of it was taken sick, and
the company being ordered to Florida, General
Jackson permitted that officer, who had resigned
five or six months before, to withdraw his resig-
nation and take command of the company. He
did so, and went into the Florida campaign, and
served as an officer of the regular Army of the
United States without any resubmission or re-
confirmation by the Senate. There area great
many instances of that kind, I think, in the his-
tory of the Government. The President and the
Secretary of War may have acted with reference
to those precedents; and before a condemnation
is ptononnced on them, I should like to have the
subject referred to a committee, in order that an
investigation may be had into the precedents.
Mr. JOHNSON. ] happened to beat the War
Department a few days ago when an application
was made by one who had been in the military
service of the Government to be reappointed a
captain, who had resigned, and whose resigna-
tion had been accepted; and after the interview
between that officer and the Secretary had term-
inated I told the Secretary that I did not under-
stand how it could he done, and wanted to know
what the law was in Ins opinion. Without ex-
pressing any opinion himself about the law, he
told me that the usage had been unbioken; where
a resignation was accepted and the officer was
willing afterwards to go into the service, and the
President was willing to accepthisservicesagam*
the President canceled the resignation and the in-
dividual was considered as again in office. He
mentioned four cases; Icannotrecollect the names
of all of them. One was 'the present Brigadier
General Meagher, who resigned, and whose res*
ignation was accepted,and he waaout ofiheser-
vice nearly a year, 1 believe, or eight or nine
months, and upon the death of General Corcoran,
who commanded the division in which Meagher
was, he applied to be reinstated, and it was done.
Three other cases he mentioned where parties
had been out of commission, one of them I think
forayear or two years,and, as i understoodhina,
so far as he was advised of what had been the
practice of the Government from the beginning
up to the present Administration, that had um-
formly been done. As we know, every day%ur-
ing the existence of the present war, officers have
been dismissed the service by the President under
the act which authorized him to dismiss without
giving any reason, and they have been dismissed
on the decisions of courts-martial, and over and
over again—indeed there is hardly a paper that
does not tell us the fact—he has reinstated them.
1 confess for myself, speaking individually and
without regarding at all what has been the usage,
I do not exactly see that the usage has the sanc-
tion of Javv. The Secretary seemed to suppose
that there might be a difference between the case
of Major General Blair, to which I particularly
adverted, and the other cases that had arisen.
That difference he supposed might be found in the
fact of his having qualified as a member of Con-
gress, which of itself, by virtue of the Constitu-
tion, would put him out of ofiice, and over that
perhaps the President had no control. My an-
swer to him was that that perhaps might make
an exception, but I did not exactly see how an
officer who was out of the service  —
Mr. DAVIS. I would ask the honorable Sen-
ator from Maryland if he knows of any precedent
where a military officer had accepted an incom-
patible ofiice.
Mr. JOHNSON. That was the very matter I
was speaking; of when the Senatorinterrupted me.
Mr. DAVIS. I could not hear you.
Mr. JOHNSON. That was my fault. What
he staled was, that perhaps what occurred in Gen-
eral Blair's case might present the question in a
different form. Acceptances of resignations by
the President, as I understood him, were always
considered as a matter between the officer and the
President. He might refuse to accept, or after
accepting he-might rescind the acceptance with
the consent of the officer and place him again in
the service. The difficulty in Major General
Blair's case was that his acceptance of a seat in
the other House under the Constitution of itself
might operate to end his commission in the Army;
and if so, there might in that fact be found a dif-
ference in his case such as would not be covered
by what had been the usage. My answer to that
was, without con testing the inquiry whether there
was or was not to be found in that fact a differ-
ence, that L did not see that an officer who was
once out of the service could be put into the ser-
vice again, more than it would be m the power of
the President to appoint to ofiice himself, without
consulting the Senate, a person who had never
been in ofiice. But as the Secretary of War told
me, and 1 have no doubt he spoke accurately, as
he spoke after examining the files of the Depart-
ment, the usage had been uniformly to the con-
trary. Officers who have been out of service for
three or four years have been permitted to with-
draw their resignations and have been put m.
The same practice has prevailed in the Navy
Department. It was not done in the particular
case to which I am about to allude; but after
Captain Buchanan, who has behaved so badlym
every way, and bad as was his original act when
lie resigned his commission m the Navy, being
then in command of the navy-yard here and ex-
pecting an attack, as everybody did who was in
the city at the time, that night or the next day,
still worse, persuaded all the officers at the navy-
yard to resign, every one of them, except the
piesent Admiral Dahlgren, he first got Surgeon
Pinckney to write a letter to me. I was here dur-
ing the whole of those troubles. I had been very
intimate with Buchanan and really had a very
