3254
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 25,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is the motion
to postpone tlie bdl withdrawn ?
Mr. HALE. Yes, sir; i will withdraw it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
now is on the amendment offered by the Senator
from New Hampshire to the seventh section of
the bill.
Mr. HALE. I will withdraw that and move
to insert in the third line of that section after the
word " post office" the words " where the rent of
boxes shall exceed $200;" so that it will read:
That all postages and box rents at post offices, and ail
other receipts and emolument at-a po>t office, when' the
rent of boxesi*hall exceed .$200, shall be received and ac-
counted tor as a pari of the postal revenues.
Mr. DIXON. That wiii defeat one of the ob-
jects of the- bill, which is to simplify theaocounts
and to render any accounts of that description
unnecessary. I trust, therefore, that the Senator
■will withdraw the amendment-
Mr. HALE. Pie has to keep an account of
the box rents now to make up the amount of ins
compensation.
Mr. COLLAMER. Mr. President, the ex-
periment which is intended to be entered upon
more fully under this bill, it seems to me, will be
put in jeopardy by any such amendment as this.
Take the villages of New England, if you please,
even as large as those that have $1,000 income,
and I do not believe the box rents amount to
$200, or anything like that If the Postmaster
General chooses to establish a personal delivery
by carriers in that village, you dispense entirely
with the"use of boxes and box rents. 1 do not
want the postmaster at the place of delivery, who
is himself interested in doing so, to frustrate that
plan, and if you let him keep his box rents up to
the amount of $200 without accounting*for them
he will be slow to aid the experiment of deliver-
ing the letters personally to those to whom they
are addressed. He will want to keep up his
boxes so that he can make money out of them,
instead of having the system which the Depart-
ment desire to esiablish; that is, the system of
personal delivery. 1 hope, therefore, that the
amendment will not prevail.
Mr. DAVIS. I think the bill as reported dis-
poses of the subject of boxes very propetly. I
think the revenue resulting from boxes ought to
be reported as a part of the revenue of the .Depart-
ment. In my little town the postmaster has
boxes in the form of pigeon-holes with glass in
front, each one numbered, and it is just as easy
for him to distribute his mail among those boxes
to each man's number as it is in any other form,
and for his own economy of time and his own
convenience he establishes these boxes without
any compensation or charge for them; and that-
is the way it operates. It operates for his con-
venience and his economy of time, and for the
convenience of the public.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment offered by the Senator from
New Hampshire.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. ANTHONY I desire to ask the chair-
man of the Committee on Post Offices ai)d Post
Roads a question with regard to making the letter-
carneis salaried officers instead of receiving their
pay for carrying it. I believe tiuifis a rule that
nas been lately adopted.
Mr. COLLAMER. Yes, sir.
Mr. AN THOtVY. I have hcaid numeious
eompUunts—I do not know how well founded they
are—that there has been a marked decline in the
diligence with which letteis have been delivered
since that system was adopted. People do not
get their letters nearly as promptly or nearly as
certainly as they did when the letter-carrier de-
pended upon his postage for compensation.
•The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
GOYEKNMENT INSANE HOSPITAL.
Mr. GRIM ES. The Senate passed a few days
since a little bill in regard to the Insane Asylum,
an exact transenpt of which has been passed by
the House of Representatives, but with a differ-
ent title. I abk the Senate to take up that House
bill m order to put itthrough the legislative forms.
There is not the slightest deviation in th.e bill from
the bill which we have already passed. It is
House bill No. 551, to provide for the improve-
ment of the grounds of the Government hospital
for the insane by an exchange of land.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair is
informed that that bill has not yet been reported.
Mr. GRIMES. I am authorized to report it
from the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds.
By unanimous consent, the Senate,as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The hour of
one o'clock having arrived, the Chair calls up
for consideration the special order of the day,
being the civil appropriation bill.
Mr. GRIM ES. I move that that bill be passed
over informally by common consent until we dis-
pose of this little lull.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
hears no objection, and House bill No. 554 is
before the Senate.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
PREVENTION OF SMUGGLING.
Mr. MORRILL, from the committee of confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the bill of the Semite (No. Ufifi) to prevent
smuggling, and for other purposes, submitted
the following report:
The committee ot conference on the disagreeing voles of
the two Houses on the hill ot the Senate (No. 2f 0) to pre-
vent smujigluipf,ami (oi oilier purposes, having met, after a
l"n i 1 ami hue conference repot t and lecotntnend as follows:
1. That the Senate jecede hom then di-agieement to the
amendment of the IIou>e of ltepre>entauves4and agree
to the hiimc with the following amendment, that to &ay :
In section second of the bill as amended by the rious«e,
strike out the word "constil.u" before thewoid "otfieei,''
so that it will read, •' may apply to any officer of the United
ritate-5 duly authoi izecl to aet m the premises.
2. That the House of Representatives agree to the above
•amendment to their amendment of the Semite bill.
L M. MORRILL,
JOHN C. TL\7 EYCK,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
THOMAS D.ELIOT,
VV\ IJiGUY,
Manage) s on the pa) t oj the House.
INTERNAL REVENUE.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the amendment of the Senate to the bill of the
House (No. 405) to provide internal revenue to
support the Government, to pay interest on the
public debt, and for other purposes, having met,
after full and free conference have agreed upon
a report which I send to the desk and ask to have
read.
Mr. SHERMAN. I really think it is hardly
worth while for that long report to be read., be-
cause the amendments will be simply indicated
by their numbers and we cannot understand it.
1 f the Senator will explain to us how eight or ten
of the leading topics have been disposed of, 1
believe it would be much mote satisfactory.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senate feel dis-
posed to dispense with the reading of the report—
the report I believe is correct so far as it expresses
the conclusions to which the committee came—
I am perfectly ready to answer any question that
any gentleman may ask, or to make any expla-
nation with legard to the particular subjects con-
tained in it. it would be almost impossible to
take up that long report and undertake to make
an explanation of each particular item.
Mr. GRIMES. Will the Senator explain to
us what the committee have determined to do in
relation to incomes, spirituous liquors, beer, and
other necessaries of life? [Laughter.]
Mr. PESSENDEN. I will explain. "With
regard to incomes the Senate made an amendment
by which they put 5 per cent, on all incomes over
$600 and not exceeding $5,000; percent, upon
the excess over $5,000 and not exceeding $15,000,
and 10 per cent, over that. The committee have
changed it by putting tlie Ik per cent, upon all
incomes over $5,000 and not exceeding $10,000,
instead of 015,000. That is the change that is
made there.
Mr. ANTHONY. The principle is preserved
of putting the additional tax only upon the ex-
cess, and not upon the whole, as under the pres-
ent law.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Precisely.
With reference to the tax upon whisky we put
$1 50 on all that is manufactured after the lstday
of July and between that day and the 1st day of
February next, and $2 upon all that is manufac-
tured after the 1st day of February, 1865. Thai
is the change made there. Instead of having
three grades there are but two.
With regard to the beer tax we leave that at
§1 a barrel. The Senate fixed it at $1 25. The
committee put it at $1.
With regard to the tax on banks and banking
that has been put into a new draft, preserving the
exact relative proportions of the bill as it passed
the Senate, but changing the form; one half of 1
per cent, on deposits, one half of 1 per cent, on
capital, and 1 per cent, on circulation, and mak-
ing provision that all the circulation over 90 per
cent., or over the average of circulation for six
months next preceding the 1st day of July next,
shall be 2 per cent, additional. We retain also
the amendment proposed by the honorable Sena-
tor from Vermont, [Mr. Collamer,] exempting
savings banks having no fixed capital.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask the Senator to state
again what is the provision with respect to the
bank tax. I did not hear it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The tax is precisely the
same. The only change in it is a slight one with
regard to the excess of circulation. In our bill
two years ago or one year ago we had a pro-
vision diminishing theamountthatcould be issued
by banks with a large capital. Smaller banks,
banks with no more than $100,000 capital, were
permitted to issue up to 90 per cent., and the
rate was diminished as the capital of the bank in-
creased. That provision was left out in this bill.
It was thought by the committee that if we left it
precisely as it is now, at 90 per cent., applicable
to the very large banks, for instance in the city
of New York, the vacuum that would be caused
by the small banks withdrawing their circulation
might be filled up by the larger ones. We have
therefore inserted a provision putting the tax on
the cxccss over 90 per cent, over the average
of the circulation of the six months preceding the.
1st day of July next. It was stated—and i sup-
pose it is true—that the smaller banks have out
a circulation luigely over 90 per cent, of their
capital. We did notmtend thatadvantage should
be taken of the tax in that way, and so we made
that alteration. Th^t is the way it stands or was
intended to stand, and I have no doubt it is cor-
rectly drawn. It was examined by my friend
from West Virginia, [Mr. Van Winkle,] who
was a member of the committee of conference, and
he says it expresses correctly the decision which
the Senate came to on a fortfler occasion on the
subject.
With regard to the income tax, the five hun-
dred and tenth amendment of the Senate was to
strike out "twenty-five" and insert " fifteen,"
in the fifteenth line of the one hundred and fif-
teenth section of the bill, so as to make the clause
read: "And a duty of 75 percent, per annum
on the excess over $5,000, and not exceeding
415,000." The report of the committee of con-
ference on that amendment is as follows:
That the House iceede from their disagreement to the
five hundred and tenth amendment of the Senate and agree
to the same with an amendment as follows: strike out all
of said amendment and insert the word ten."
So that it will read: 14 and not exceeding
$10,000." The five hund^d and eleventh amend-
ment of the Senate was, carrying out the same
idea, in line sixteen or tne ufttne section to sti ike
out "twenty-five"and insert" fifteen,"so that the
clause will read: " And a duty of 10 per cent, on
the excess over $15,000." The committee report
on that amendment:
That the House recede from their disagreement to the
five hundred and eleventh amendment of the Senate and
agree to the same with the following amendment: etnke
-out " fiitoen" and insert " ten."
That will put a tax of 10 per cent, on the ex-
cess of all incomes over $10,000.
With regard to banks, the bank section as ori-
ginally drawn in the Committee of Ways and
Meansappiied only to deposits and capital. The
House of Representatives amended it by insert-
ing a tax on circulation. We have gone over the
whole ground a second time and put it into a new
draft. The object was to get it into shape and
we think the whole thing is now properly fixed.
It is d^wn in a way that will be somewhat diffi-
cult to understand by a mere reading of the re-
port.
Mr. JOHNSON. State what it is.
