1302
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26,
Wonderful success. Three fifths of the territory
held by the rebels at its commencement has been
subjugated, and over which our flag now floats,
"with a loss to them of the ocean coast, the entire
Gulf, and thatgreatartery of commerce, the Mis-
sissippi river, with nearly ail its tributaries. Na-
poleon, in his thirst for power, or Lord Welling-
ton, in his most succesvsful campaigns, never ac-
complished so much in the same length of time.
The future is full of hope. Unless we are be-
trayed by northern people our final triumph is not
far in the future. Of that we need have no fears.
The number in the North whose sympathies are
with the traitors is but small. In voting; they
cannot endanger a single loyal State, and as bel-
ligerents they are entirely harmless.
Therefore, warranted by the facts, I declare my
conviction that the developed resources of the
country leave no room to doubt the ability of the
Government to meet every demand legitimately
incurred; if the same ability continues which has
marked the management of the Treasury Depart-
ment during this day of commotion and the same
skillful hand continues to guide the helm, the ship
will outride the storm and land us in a haven of
safely without a single rent in the sails of our credit.
in order to secure our triumph in this struggle
the necessary means must be employed, and they
must have a cordial support. Thus far we have
had to contend with two enemies: -the one in arms,
and the other opposing all measures and trying to
defeat the legitimate and necessary policy. The
lofty inspiration, the wise measure, the patriotic
object, and the necessary proposition have not
failed to bo denounced by both the tongue and
pen of the partisan. - Should this fair fabric he
overturned and the boon of civil liberty lost to
* this people, the driveling demagogue, who by his
appeals to ignorant followers or who by falsehood
destroyed its credit, is equally guilty with the
traiioi in arms, and far more to be despised.
Great forbearance, untiring patience, and ma-
ture wisdom are essential to me« t (lie questions
that are forced upon us, as incidental to the great
revolution nowgoingon. Korthe manner in which
we shall perform our duty the enlightened woi Id,
the eyes of posterity, and the God of juslice wilt
hold us lesponsible.
Among the things incident to this war is hav-
ing cast upon us foui million African slaves, who
are now or will bo fiee. The nioraiduty to pro-
vide for them is one of transcendent obligation.
Two and a half eontui iexngo a Dutch ship emne
up the James river, frei<>hied with human beirnrs,
* and discharged its moitaliiy among the planters
of Virginia. This was the eominencemontof the
institution of slavery on this continent. It was
then small, but ngiew into great power, event-
ually controlling the policy of the Government,
and Wedding to its interest the pohth al pnrtyiep-
rcsemed on the other side of this liall. Finally,
it plunged the country into the yawning gulf of
civil war. It has raged for three years with un-
abated fury. The duty of the loyal citizen m tins
was'plam, and his course clearly marked. It was
that this great crime against humanity, condemned
by tiie Chiistian world, at war with the justice of
Heaven, and denounced by the mild teachings of
revelation, tor thus attempting to undermine the
foundat'hui-stom'M of freedom had forfeited its life
and deserved to die. We could not engft^e in this
bloody contest, exhaust our substance, aipl sac-
rifice our manly sons who have gallantly, nmid the
terrific fire of battle, borne our banner m triumph
over a hundred stricken fields, to secuie this dam-
nable institution itsexistence forever. JNo J Our
own .safety, the demands of humanity, and the
injunctions of Heaven doomed it to death.
There never was a measure of more wisdom or
of purer justice than the pioclamatiou of eman-
cipation. No State paper ever had so great an
effect. It not only gave hope and encouragement
to the Army but H gave assurance that the enuse
of thus rebellion would be wiped out. It ended
all hope of the recognition of the confederacy by
foreign Powers, and it taught the rebels that their
only support was their own weakness.
Its fiuits already are manifest in the freedom
of Missuun, Arkansas, Louisiana, Tennessee,
Virginia, and Maryland—all free, now and for-
ever. The balance of them but wait the progress
of our arms to rid themselves of this blighting
curse and take their places side by side in the
great galaxy of free States.
This fact casts upon us the further duty of tak-
ing care of the emancipated or providing for them
to take care of themselves. We have already
placed arms in their hands, and when they have
achieved the freedom of, theii race and aided in
achieving the freedom of ours it will not do to
send them back to slavery. An act of such gross
injustice would call down the vengeance of Heaven
upon us.
History has not left us without an example
of what our fate will be should we be guilty of
so great a crime. When the Lacedsemonians were
confronted with a powerful army, and their all
staked upon the result of a single battle, for a
while the contest seemed doubtful, but fate turned
against them; their columns, thinned and weak-
ened, began to give way, when five hundred
slaves threw themselves into the breach, drove
back the invading hosts, and victory perched
upon the standards of this ancient people.
What were they to do with their slaves? They
had won the victory, they had saved the fate of
the day, and even this barbarous people would
not remand them to their chains. They were like
the gentlemen on the other side—they were jeal-
ous of their freedom; and to relieve themselves
fiom both they drove them to the place of execu-
tion and deliberately murdered them.
But the vengeance of Heaven overtook them,
offended justice smote them, their country, torn
by wars, was devastated,their cities sacked,and
they as a people obliterated from the earth. The
wild beasts now roam unmolested over their
plains, the bramble grows in their streets, and
their palaces, once merry with the song of con-
tentment, are desolate and abandoned, the foxes
bark from their windows, and the owl hoots from
their domes.
We shall not follow their example, nor will we
incur the just fate that overtook them. Wewill,
governed by the hioadest philanthropy, do our
duty to this unfortunate waif that for more than
three centuries has been floating upon the tide of
human avarice, and crime.
If wisdom prevail.* m our councils the gallantry
of the greatest Army the world ever saw will soon
bring us peace and restore our country; a peace
that will be honorable and lasting. The causes
of distraction will be removed, and our country,"
baptized anew in the tires of war, will come foith
puufied, and with lenewed vigor will enter upon
her mission of futuie usefulness and gioiy. She
will assume a higher position among the nations
of the world, the last blotch of shame washed
from her escutcheon. Securely seated upon the
mountain summits of her own freedom, m one
hand hyklinic out to the world the olive-branch
of pence and in the othei the thunderbolt of right-
ful but lelnctnnt war, bounded by the oceans, the
lakes, and the Gulf, there may she sit forever,
with the stais of Union on her brow and the rock
of fieedom beneath her feet.
VIOLATED PLEDGES.
Mr. IJAIUUNGTOiV. Mr. Chairman, I ad-
dress the committee to-day with feelings far from
buoyant for the future of the country. At the
tune 1 took my scat in this Hall it was not my
intention to occupy any of its time m the Com-
mittee of the Whole, leaving to other gentlemen
on this side of the f fouse the matter of discus-
sion. I designed to record my votes and aid m
such legislation as 1 believed to be most conducive
to the welfare of a distiacted country. Hut, sir,
I represent directly on this floor twelve thousand
electors, whose opinions in general as to the con-
duct and policy ofthis Administration coi respond
with my own, and who cannot be heard by the
nation except through the voice of their Repre-
sentative; and further, sir, the conservative ele-
ment in this House is in the minority, and sub-
jected constantly to the anathemas and unjust
insinuations of a fanatical and meicilcss majority,
who labor assiduously to add to the necessary
confusion of the times strife, discoid, distrust,
and terror among the citizens of the States rep-
resented by their armies in the Federal field and
by their dead inhumed m the soil of many battle-
fields.
These considerations in mind, I feel it would
! be litiie less than moral cowerdiee to be silent.
I I have not the vanity to suppose, sir, I can add
I anything to that which has been already said by
ii gentlemen during our present session; but in this
hour of trial and uncertainty the conservative ele-
ment of the'country has a right to the moral
force of the convictions of the public mind in every
portion of the country.
Mr. Chairman, fiom the day in which the bat-
teries at Charleston hatborhad done their work
upon Fort Sumter to this hour, the fact of the ex-
istence of a war between the Federal Government
and a portion of the States constituting in part
the political and constitutional Union of the Gov-
ernment, and the necessity of maintaining that
war until such time as might offer a restoration
of the Union and pcacc to the country, has been
recognized and acted upon by myself and the peo-
ple of the country generally. The people of the
non-seceding States with great unanimity have
admitted the right and duty of the Government
(its coordinate branches each performing its con-
stitutional functions to that end) by force of ar-
mies to overcome resistance to the authority of
the United States as conferred by the only po wer
that gave us a Union or created any obligations
toward that Union upon the States or the people,
the organiclaw. From that source alone Congress
and the Chief Executive, representing the war
power, derive authority to take up arms against
the seceding States, and that right exists as a
power to preserve the unity of the States and en-
force and discharge the mutual obligations of the
several States, the people and the General Gov-
ernment, because thatumtyand those obligations <-
are created by the instrument. We have no Fed-
eral nation, sir, except that cieated by the Con-
stitution; the people never assented to any other
nationality as a Union; from that our Govern-
ment derived existence, and from that must re-
ceive its nourishment or perish. The President
in his proclamation of April 15, 1861, acknowl-
edges fully the foregoing principles. He says:
(l Whereas tlie laws of the United States ha\e been for
ponie lime past and now .ire opposed, mat the execution
theieof ob-^unoted, in the of South Caiotina. Geor-
gia, Alabama, Fiotiria, Me^i-^ippi, Louisiana, and Texas,
hy combinations too powerful to be suppressed by the or-
dinary course of judicial piocecdniga, or by the powers
vested in the marshals by Uuv :
"Now, therefore, I, Abuiham Lincoln, Presiden-t of the
United States, in virtue of the power m ate vested by the
Constitution and the laws, have thou«ht fit to rail foiih,
and hereby do call forth, the militia of the *-eveial Slates
of the Union, to the aggregate numbei of seventy-five thou-
sand, in order to Mippiess said combinations, ami t,o cause
the inws to by duly executed."
The same position was taken in his inaugural.
These oificial announcements to the country met
with a warm and patriotic response, without re-
gard to party differences. The conviction that
the President designed to enforce the Constitution
and laws of the United States and preserve the
property of the General Government in the se-
ceded States and hold them as political organisa-
tions in the status i;iven them by the Constitu-
tion, and that the President would act in good
faith to that end, surrounded him at once with all
the material and executory aid drshable; millions
of money raised by banking corpoiations, cities,
and town;*, donations of citizens and appropria-
tions of Congress, furnished ample means for
munitions and expenses of war. The country
swarmed with hundreds of thousands of stuidy
freemen moving toward the d&pital like a swol-
len toirent to increase the armies of the Govern-
ment. Under the call for seventy-five thousand
men more than two hundred thousand responded.
In July, 1861, the President said, officially:
'• Our of the clearest peiplexities of the Governments to
avoid jeeciving tioops taller than it can provide for thorn,
j in a wont, the people will ?uvo their Government n tin;
Government Uself will do jtf pait only indiffoit'iitly well."
Sir, lie had reason to say so, for a generous and
confiding people, from the Atlantic to the Pacific,
from the Canadas to the bordeis of the rebellious
Slates, gave a simultaneous response to the calls
of the country. To use the language of the Pies-
ident,sir, " The response oft he country was most
gratifying, surpassing m unanimity and spirit the
most sanguine expectation." I have referred to
the pledges of the President. On the 22d dav of
July, 1862, the resolution of the lamented Chit-
tenden passed this House with great unanimity,
and theieby the legislative and executive pow-
ers were pledged to preserve the Union under the
Constitution, and in strict obedience to its pro-
visions. At a later period of our history it was
declared by a majority in this House, and by the
President, that volunteering had nearly ceased,
and that compulsory legislation was necessary to
