1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator will turn
to page 175, section one hundred and nine of the
bill, he will observe that the four hundred and
seventieth amendment of the Senate was to strike
out "one eighth" and insert "one twenty-fourth,"
and the fourhundredand seventy-first amendment
was to strike out the words " half year" and to
insert the word " month;" so as to make the sec-
tion read:
That there shall be levied, collected, and paid a duty of
one twenty-fourth of 1 per cent, each month upon the
average amount of the deposits of money, subject to pay-
ment by check or draft, with any person, bank, association,
or corporation, engaged in the business of banking, &c.
The report of the committee of conference on
the four hundred and seventy-first amendment is
as follows:
That the House recede from tlieir disagreement to the
four hundred and seventy-first amendment of the Senate,
and a«ree to the same with the following amendment: after
the word "draft," in line five, page 175, insert " or repre-
sented by certificate of deposit, or otherwise, whether pay-
able on demand or at sonu* future day," and after the word
" association,1' in line six, insert " company."
That is a more accurate description.
Mr. JOHNSON. That leaves our amendment
substantially as it stood.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It merely changes it so
as to make it more specific. Then the Senate re-
cede from the four hundred and seventy-second
amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON. Why did you recede from
that ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Because it is in another
part of the bill. The four hundred and seventy-
fifth amendment of the Senate was in line seven-
teen, section one hundred and nine, to strike out
the word " its "before the words " capital stock,"
and after those words to insert " invested in such
business beyond the amount invested in United
States bonds;" so as to make the clause, read:
And a duty of one twenty-foui th of 1 pei cent, each
month as afoiesaid, upon tile average amount of capital
stock invested in such business beyond tiie amount in-
vested in United Stales bonds.
The report on that amendment is as follows:
Tliat the House recede from tlieir disagreement to the
four handled and seventy-fifth amendment of the Senate
and agiee to the s.ime with an amendment as follows:
strike out in linesseventeen and eighteen, page 175, " capi-
tal stockstrike out " invested in such business," in line
eighteen, and insert " the capital of any bank, association,
or corporation, or person engaged in the businesb of bank-
ing."
Then the report proceeds, putting a number of
amendments all together:
That the House recede from their disagreement to the
476th, 477th, 478th, 479th, 4ti0th, 481st, 483d, 483d} 484th,
48oth, 486th, 487th, 488ib, 489th, and 490th amendments of
the Senate, so far as it is proposed to strike nut words, and
agree to the same with an amendment, as follows : strike
out all that i  proposed t<  be inserted by said Senate
amendments reductive! v, beginning with the word "and"
in line nineteen, page 176, down to the word " repealed"
in line one bundled and live, page 179, inclusive, and in-
sert in lieu thereof the following:
And a duty of one twelfth of I per cent, each month
upon the average amount ot circulation issued by any bank,
association, coi poiation, company, or person, including as
circulation all certified checks and all notes and other
obligations calculated or intended to circulate or to be
used as money, but not including that in the vault of the
bank, or redeemed, or on depos.it tor said bank. And an
additional duty of one sixth of 1 per cent, each month upon
the average amount of such circulation issued as afore-
said beyond the amount of 90 per cent, of the capital of any
sucli bank, association,. corporation, company, or person,
and upon any amount of circulation beyond the average
amount of the circulation that had been issued as aforesaid
by any such bank, association, corporation, company, or
person for the six months preceding the 1st day of July,
1854; and on the first Monday of August next, and ot
each month thereafter, a true and accurate return of the
amount, &.C.
I suppose it is unnecessary for me to read any
further of that. It goes on to provide for banks
with branches. Then there is a proviso-that this
section shall not apply to the associations that
are taxed under the other bill. It then exempts
saving banks having no capital stock and whose
business is confined to receiving deposits and
loaning the same on interest for the benefit of the
depositors only, and which do no other business
of banking, the sameprovision that was inserted
in the first part of the section on the motion of
the Senator from Vermont. It was intended that
this should be a redraft putting it in a better
shape, retaining all the substantial provisions of
the original section.
Mr. JOHNSON. The Senator will permit me
to ask what is done with the four hundred and
seventy-fifth amendment of the Senate on page
175 which proposes to insert the words " invested
in such business beyond the amount invested in
United States bonds," in the clause providing for
a tax on the capital stock of the banks. Have
you made that exception?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think I read that.
Mr. JOHNSON. No, you did not; at least 1
did not hear you.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That was intended to
be in.
Mr. JOHNSON. It is not in what you read.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Here it is:
That the House recede from their disagreement to the
four hundred and seventv-fifth amendment Of tile Senate
and agree to the same with an amendment as follows:
strike, (hit "capital stock" in line seventeen, page 175;
strikeout "invested in such business" inline eighteen,
page 175, and insert in lieu thereof "the capital of any
bank, association, company, or corporation or person en-
gaged iu the business of banking."
Then the bill goes on: ,f beyond the amount
invested in United States bonds," &c.
Mr. JOHNSON. Is that there?
Mr. FESSENDEN. That was not struck out.
We struck out the words " capital stock invested
in such business," and inserted the words I have
read; so that the clause will read:
And a duty of one twenty-fourth' of 1 per cent, each
month as aforesaid, upon the average amount of the capi-
tal of any bank, association, cbmpany, or corporation, or
person engaged* in the business of banking, beyond the
amount invested in United States bonds.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then, as I understand, a
long amendment proposed by the committee of
conference comes in.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There you stop. Then
the House recede from its disagreement to all the
rest of the amendments of the Senate in thatsec-
tion, and agree to the same with an amendment,
as follows:
Strike out all that is proposed to be Inserted in said Sen-
ate amendments respectively, beginning with the word
" and" in line nineteen, page 176, down to the word " re-
pealed" in line one hundred and five, page 179, inclusive,
and insert In lieu thereof the following:
And a duty of one twelfth of 1 per cent, each month upon
the average amount of circulation issued by any bank,
association, corporation, company, or person, &c.
Then we go right on with the amendment that-
I have read. I believe it is right. It was exam-
ined very carefully by the Senator from West
Virginia. , . .
Mr. JOHNSON. I have no doubt it is right.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Now, with regaidto the
liquor tax, which will bo found in section fifiy-
four, page 63, the House recede from their dm-
.1. _ _ . . . I. I, /l KA/I nfrwl <11V
agreement to the one hundred and sixty-fourth
amendment of the Senate, which was to strike
out " January^' and insert "October," and agree
to the same with an amendment to strike out
"October" and insert "February;" so that it
will read, "and prior to the 1st day of Febru-
ar]\ir. JOHNSON. There is a previous amend-
mentstrilung out " May" and inserting " June."
What was done with that?
Mr. FESSENDEN. "June" was altered by
the House to "July," and that alteration was
concurred in by the Senate committee. That was
the one hundred and sixty-third amendment. The
one hundred and sixty-fourth amendment, as 1
have already stated, was agreed to with an amend-
ment striking out" October" und inserting " Feb-
ruary." The House recede from their disagree-
ment to the one hundred and sixty-fifth amend-
ment of the Senate, and agree to the same with
an amendment striking out " 4" and inserting
"5," so that it will read, "February, iooo.
Then the committee propose to insert after the
word " dollar," in line eight of section fifty-four,
the words, " and 50cents," f hat will be a duty
of 41 50 on all spirits from July up to February
r>PYi Then the House recede from their dis-
next. Then the House
agreement to the one hundred and sixty-sixth
amendment of the Semite, and agree to the name
with the following amendment: before the word
" on" in line nine, page64, insert" and, and m
the same line to strike out " October" and insert
" February." Then the House recede from then-
disagreement to the one hundred and sixty-sev-
enth amendment of the Senate, and agree to the
same with the following amendment: strike out
all of said amendment, and in lieu thereof insert
" 4," and after the word " of" in line twelve ■
Mr. JOHNSON. "Four" is what we put in.
Mr. FESSENDEN. " That the House recede
from their disagreement to the one hundred and
sixty-seveii th amendment of the Senate;-ar)d ajgree
to the same with the followingamendmeilt: strike
out all of said amendment, and in lieu thereof in-
sert " 4," and after the woid ■*' of" in line twelve^
page 64, strike out all down to and including the
word " cents" in thesame line, and insert in lieu
thereof "|2." It will then read "and on and
after February 1, 1864"—that cannot be right. ■■
Mr.JOHNSON. Youriiavegot thatwrong. i
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senate will allow
me, I will discontinue the making of the report
and take it into the committee-room.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senate
will resume the order of the day. - " .
Mr. POWELL. I will ask the consent6f thfe
Senate to take,, up the motion lo reconsider the
passage of Senate bill No. 37, and let us take the
vote. Nobody wishes to speak upon it. -
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Kentucky asks the unanimous consent of
the Senate to consider the bill indicated by him.
Mr. POWELL. I hope the Senate will allow
us to dispose of it. The Senator from Michigan
[Mr. Howard] I believe does not wish to speak
further upon it, and I do not want to say a word.
I merely ask that it be taken up, and that the
Senate vote upon it.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope not. The Senate is
not full enough at present to vote upon it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, it cannot be considered at the present
time.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Before the report of the
committee of conference en the tax bill passes
from the attention of the Senate, I desire to move
that it be printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It has already
passed from the consideration'of the Senate.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It ought to be printed,
because it will then take less time when we come
to consider it.
Mr. FESSENDEN subsequently said: I am
now prepared to continue with the consideration
of the report of the committee of conference.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The report
will be proceeded with unless there be objection,
The Chair hears none.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The House recede from
their disagreement to the one hundred and sixty-
fourth amendment of the Senate, and agree to the
same with an amendment as follows^ strike out
" October" and insert " February." TheHouse
recede from theirdisagreementtotheone hundred
and sixty-fifth amendment of the Senate, and
agree to the same with amendments, as follows:
strike out " 4" and insert " 5," and after " dol-
lar," in line eight, section fifty-four, insert "and
50 cents.'1 The House recede from their disa-
greement to - the one hundred and sixty-sixth
amendment of the Senate, and agree to the same
with the following amendment: before " on," in
line nine, page 64, to insert "and," and strike
out " October" and insert " February."
Mr. JOHNSON. The difficulty was in theone
hundred and sixty-seventh amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I know it; but that is
right so far. The House recede from their dis-
agreement to the one hundred and sixty-seventh
amendment of the Senate, and agree to the same
with the following amendment: strike out all 0(f
said amendment and in heu thereof insert "5,
and after the word " of," in line twelve,page 64,
strike out all down to the word " cents in the
same line, inclusive, and insert in lieu thereof
"S2." The House recede from their disagree-
ment to the one hundred and sixty-eighth amend-
ment of the Senate, and agree to the amendment
with the folio wingamondment: strike out all of said
Senate amendment, and nlso the words " which
duty," in line nineteen, page 64, and insert in lieu
thereof, " and all spirits which may be in the pos-
session of the distiller or in public store or bonded
warehouse, on either the lstday of July or Feb-
ruary aforesaid, 110 duty having been paid thereon,
shall be held and treated as if distilled on those
days respectively, and said duties." That is the.
report of the committee in regard to the liquor tax.
Mr. SHERMAN. The eirect, then, 1 believe,
is to impose a tax of $1 50 after the 1st of July,
and & after the 1st of February, 1865.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir; and we havtf
inserted a provision retaining the same duties that
now exist until this act goes into effect.
Mr. SHERMAN. Does the increased duty
