THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
TIIK OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 1st Sj;3siont.
WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 20, 1864.
Nr,w Series No. 17.
Mr. HARLAN. 1 desire to suggest an amend- j
ment, which of course cannot be inttodueed now ,
without the unanimous consent of the Senate, ,
which pertains to the phraseology of a clause in j
the sixth section. Commencing after the word .
United States" in the thirteenth line, 1 wish to |
strike out the woids shall be credited upon the j
quota of the Suite within which they are enlisted,
and not," and in lieu of those words to insert " in
any State shall not be credited,*' so that the clause
shall read": 44 that colored troops enlisted and mus-
tered into the service of the United States in any i
State shall not be credited upon the quota of any
other State."
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask the Senator from Iowa
if his proposed amendment changes in his view
the meaning of the section as it stands.
Mr. HARLAN. I think not, except that it
would not require us to give credit to South Car-
olina for troops that might be enlisted in that State,
where no draff can possibly be enfoiced.
Mi. JOHNSON". T see no Abjection to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amendment
can be received at this stage of proceedings only
by the unanimous consent of the Senate, is there
any objection3 The Chair hears none. The
amendment is before the Senate.
The amendment was agreed to.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
the passage of the bill, resulted—yeas 30, nays
10; as follows:
YE VS—Anthony, Claik, Collamcr, Conner,
Cowan. J)avi , 1M\on, Doolittle. Fej^endcn, Foot, Foster,
Hal.', II.inline, ilailan, Howard, Juini- ois, L.incot'
Kau--a-, Moman, .Morn!I, NeMiuth. I'oincroy, It.mwy,
Sj)i<i<;in', Sunnii'i. TenEyck, Van Winkle, Wade, Willey,
and Wilson—.50,
HiK'k.'iUw, Carlik*. Gtimc, Ilonchickp,
IIow<*. Lane oi' Indiana, Powell, Salisbury, Wilkinson,
and Wuylit—Jn.
So the bill was passed.
GENHJIALP HOOKER, MKADK, A\D HOWARD.
Mr. WILSON. There are resolutions on the
tabic thanking some of the military men, that we
may as well ant upon at this time.
The PRESIDING 0 FFICEtt. Will the Sen-
ator indicate what resolution he desires to call up ?
Mr. WILSON. 1 move to take up the joint
resolution No. 3.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint reso-
lution (S. No. 3; expressive of the thanks of Con-
gress to MajorGeneivl Joseph Honkerand Major
Geiics.il (J'-oi^e G. M> ade, and the ojTkei s and
sold ler.s of the at rn y of the Po to nine, was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. GRIM.ES. I move to ms- rt after the namo
of Guieral AJeadc the name of Major General
Oliver O. ITowaid. As I have read the histoiy
of that campaign, the man who selected the posi-
tion where the battle of Gettysburg was fought,
and who, mdeid, tought it the In st day, was Gen-
era! Howard, and to him the country is indebted
as much fot the credit of scouting that victoryas
to any oth< r person. I wish, then fuie, as a it-o
ognition of his meiifs, to couple his name with
that of Goneiai Meade in the vote of thanks.
The amendment was agreed to.
The punt resolution was reported to the Senate
as amended, and the amendment was concurred in.
The lesolution was ordered to be engrossed for
a thhd rending, and wag read the third time.
Mr. BUCKALEW. before the vote is taken
on the passage of the resolution, I should like to
haven lead in ifs piesent foi tn.
The Seiretaiy lead, a- follows:
Jlciuh ('■! oit the t-cii'ile cot./ Nome of Pa prevfAtatire* of
the Vm!>:d htu!or >lmn u n in <:^cmh!r<I. That
the m atitude or the Aai'Tjcan people and the ihanlc- < f
iIumi rcpieieuiauM •  in (.'onuses .no due. and rue hereby
tendered, to M.tjoi Gi'ie'ia! fo^eph IJooket ntul the ntlieet-i
and j-oidien> ot the army of the Potomac, fni the skill, en-
crcv, and etnlmauce winch fir-t coveted Wu-dnmrlcm and
r a!:tni(/t'• Iroin til'-* nu'ditfiti d bloi; of th< advancntc: .ni.'l
poweihii at my of i eh' led by C'enei .d ilob-'tt 'H. Lee ; and
to Major Cetunnl (Jr-orgo &. Mende, and JMaioi G-nienU
Olive; i). .ltd, aad flu* odicer- and ^.ihliei-. ol th'U
aiinv. tut the vk.iliid lei me v.iioi u ,ni 3i at G<'U\ -bin a u1-
pu!-ed, Jen ati (1, ,uni uio\ e baek. i-token and di - jei nuL he -
joiui the Ita,ppaiMiiitoeK. thu vctej.ui aum of the r<'L<ctia>n.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, X should
17
like to vote a compliment to General Meade and
his army as distinguished from other officers; but,
as at pie&enl informed, in order to vote for a res-
olution of thanks to him, I am obliged to vote for
a resolution that in some respects I do not like.
The resolution was passed.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the title be amended
to correspond with the body of the resolution.
The motion was agreed to, and the title was
amended to read: " A joint resolution expressive
of the thanks of Congress to Major General Jo-
seph Hooker, and Major General George G.
Meade, and Major General Oliver 0. Hovvaid, and
the officers and'men of the army of the Potomac."
TIIANKS TO GENERAli BANKS.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, the joint resolu-
tion expressive of the thanks of Congress to Major
General Nathaniel P. Banks, and the officers and
soldiers under his command atPort Hudson, was
considered as in Commiitee of the Whole. It
tenders the thanks of Congress to Major General
Nathaniel P. Banks and the officers and soldiers
under his command, for the skill, courage, and
endurance winch compelled the .sui render of Poit
Hudson, and thus lemoved the last obstruction
to theftee navigation of the Missi*-sippw'iver.
The lesolution was reported to the Senate, oi-
dered to be engrossed for a third reading, and was
read the third time, and passed.
THANKS TO GENERAL BURNSIMO.
- On motion of Mr. WILSON, the joint reso-
lution of thanks to Major Geuetal Ambrose E.
Burnsidc, and the officers and men who fought
under his command, was considered as m Com-
mittee of the Whole. It presents the thanks of
Congress to M njor General Ambrose E. Burn side,
and through him to the officers and men who have
fought undei bis command, foi their gallantry,
good conduct, and soldiulikf endurance,and re-
quests the President of the United Slates to cause
the resolution to be communicated to Major Gen-
eial Burnsido in such term? as he may deem best
calculated to give effect thereto.
The punt resolution was reported to tin' Sen-
ate, and ordered to be engi ossed for a thud read-
ing. It was read the thud tune, and passed.
CORN ELI US VAN DE-HRl 1/J\
On motion of Mr. MORGAN, the joint reso-
lution presenting the thanks of Congress to Coi-
nelius Vanderbilt for a gift of the steamship Van-
ihrbilt was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It recites that Cornelius Vandoilnlt, of
.~\e\v Yoik, did, during the snnn^of make
a free gift to his impeidtd eountiyot his new
and stanch steamship Vandeibib, of five thou-
sand ton.s bmden, built by him with the ^i<-afeht
tare, of the In ,st materi.il, at a cost of ^KlO,0(}0,
w Inch steamship has evi r since been actively <.'m-
ployed in the setviee (1f the Republic against the
rebel devastations of her commerce; ami that he
lias in no manner sought any Requital of tins mau1-
mficent e;ift, nor any official recognition thereof.
It is therefore proposed that the thanks of the
Amctican people be picsented by Congress to
Commodore Vanderbilt for (hi^ unicpie manifesta-
tion of a fer\ id and laige-souled pattiotism. The
Piesident of the United States is to cause a gold
medal to bo struck, which shall fitly embody an
atii station of the nation's ^rahtude for tins gift;
whi«'h medal shall be forwarded to Commodore
Vanderbilt, a copy of it being made and depos-
it^ d for preservation m the Library ot Congioss.
Mi. HALE. 1 should like to nupme of the
honorableSenator from New York who has moved
that this resolution be taken up and considered,
if lie has found or knows of any precedent in the
history of the eounti y analogous to this which
would justify Congress m taking1 such a meypure.
Air. .MORGAN. I do not know, Mr. Presi-
dent,that there i.any precedent ftrso large a£ift
as ll'at which wa'^ made bv Col nebns Vandei Ink
to ih' U'e-priiiht'iil wf ; he Unit. S'ate.J. 1 eannor
a'l.swer she Senal^r's rjuestjon m iehdion to a pre-
cedent for this vote of thanks,because I have not
looked to that subject; but! know that the Pres-
ident of the United States sent a message to Con-
gress on the 17th of July, 1862, in regard to this
gift of Mr. Vanderbilt, which, with the permis-
sion of the Senate,! will read:
Fellow-Citizens of the Senate and
House of Represcntaliics:
I have jrifidveitontly omitted so long to inform yo« that
in Maioli la«tMi Cornelia* Vandeibilt,of <Ne\v York,gra-
tuitously picsrnted to the United State* tin; ocean steamer
Vandeiinit, hv nianv esteemed the finest meichaut sship m
the vvoiJd. She has ever hince been and sun is doiny valu-
able service to thp Government. For the patriotic act in
making thi-. magnificent and valuable proMjnt to the country,
I recommend that some suitable acknowledgment be made.
ABRAHAM LINCOLN. .
July 17,18fi2,
Mr. COLLAMER'. I desire that the word
" commodore" where it occurs in the resolution
be erased, and the word u Cornelius" inserted.
Mr. Vanderbilt is not a commodore, and never
was. It is a sort of nickname, and I think we had
better not use it, but use the man's correct name,
as it is used in the message of the President. I
move to stuke out " commodore" where it oc-
curs, and insert {< Cornelius."
Mr. MORGAN. I accept the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Itisnotcom-
petont for the Senatoi fiom New York to accept
an amendment to a joint resolution; but the
amendment will be made, if there bo no objection.
The Chair hears none.
Mr. HALE. Some time last year I think it
was, ceitainly during the last Congress, my at-
tention and that of the Naval Committee was es-
pecially directed to this general question. Some
fifty or sixty recommendations for votes of thanks
weie refeired to that committee by the Senate,
and we had occasion to examine into the history
of that matter. 1 {?of our accommodatingand ac-
complished secretary, General Hickey, to ransack
the files of the Government for me to find how
many times the thanks of Congress had been pi e-
sented fiom the beginning of ' he Government up
to the last Congress. 1 do not n-member pre-
cisely how many he found, but they were very
few indeed; 1 think not exceeding seven from the
commencement of the Govei nment up to the time
of theJast Congress; and they had been conferred,
I think', upon Gcneial Washington,General Jack-
son, Geueial Scott, and 1 do not know but Gen-
eral Macomb. There had been but very tew
cases; such votes wet e rare; and when they passed
they meant something; they conferred a distinc-
tion and an honor. But, m my humble judgment,
in an evil hour, and in the execution of an im-
pioper policy, Congress passed an act by which
certain special privileges w.ere to follow the con-
fining of the thanks of Congiess upon an officer
by n.one; and the minute that was done almost
al! the officers m the Navy and their friends wore
: besieging the Executive—it had to be done upon
the lecomniendation of the Executive—for a rec-
ommendation to Congress of a vote of thanks m
order to open the way for them to promotion;
and so, 1 think in a single message, we had a
recommendation from the Executive that Congress
confer a vote of thanks by name upon ten times
as many officeis, going down 1 think as low as
keuien.o!ts,as had over tec  ived such a compliment
before dui in ; the whole history of the Govern ment.
Mr. GlliMES. The Senator will remember
that that recommendation came fiom the Presi-
dent to pass this vote of thanks to those officers
before the grade bill passed which conferred any
pr>\ ile™ 11[fon the person who was thus thanked.
Mr.iTOWARD. What was thu pnviiege?
Mr. GRIMES. Promotion.
: Mr. HALE. 1 do not know how that is.
! Mr! GRIMES. That is afact.
Mi. HALE. If the Senator is advised on that
sublet, of con iso 1 do not contradict him, though
my'impression was the other way; but it makes
no odds; we had this batch of some fifty or sixty
officers, going down to lieutenants, recommend-
ing that they be thanked by name: and theie were
a great many others — I do not know if there were
not one hundred sent m during the last Congress,
certainly somewhere between fifty and one hun-
dred.
