1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
244, for the relief of Daniel Fitzgerald and Jonathan Bali,
which was passed by the Senate 011 the 11th instant, and
sent to the House for Us concurrence.
A message was afterwards received from the
House of Representatives returning the bill; and
a motion of Mr. Chandler to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed was received and
entered.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills and joint resolutions from
the House of Representatives were severally read
twice by their titles, and referred as indicated be-
low:
A bill (No. 32) to regulate the sessions of the
circuit and district courts for the northern district
of New York, and for other purposes—to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
A bill (No. 376) to secure to persons in the mil-
itary or naval service of the United States home-
steads on confiscated or forfeited estates in insur-
rectionary districts—to the Committee on Public
Lands.
A bill (No. 307) to regulate commerce among
the several States—to the Committee on Com-
merce.
A bill (No. 393) for the relief of Peter Navarre
—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 452) to grant a pension of eight
dollars per month to Harris Welch—to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 453) to increase the pension of Isaac
Allen—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 454) granting a pension to Thomas
Booth—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 455) to punish and prevent the coun-
terfeiting ofcoin of the United States—to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
A bill (No. 456) for the relief of the Mercan-
tile Mutual Insurance Company of New York
—to the Committee on Claims.
A bill (No. 460) for the relief of Sarah Rob-
inson, widow of Hon. John L. Robinson, late
United States marshal for the district of Indiana
—to the Committee on Claims.
A bill (No. 465) for the relief of Deborah Jones
—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 466) for the relief of the widow of
C. A. Haun—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 467) for the relief of Mary A. Hyde
—to the Committee on X5ensions.
A bill (No. 468) to amend an act for the relief
of Valentine Wehrheim, approved June 12,1860
—to the Committee on Pensions.
A joint resolution (No. 63) to settle the account
of James Keenan, late consul at Hong Kong,
China—to the Committee on Commerce.
A joint resolution (No. 74) referring the claim
of J. H. Clark & Co. to the Couit of Claims—to
the Committee on Claims.
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill of the House of Representatives
(No. 40) making appropriations for the consular
and diplomatic expenses of the Government for
the year ending June 30, 1865, disagreed to by
the House of Representatives, and the amend-
ment of the House to the thirty-first amendment
of the Senate to the said bill; and
On motion or Mr. MORRILL, it was
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon it* amendments to
the said bill disagreed toby the House of Representatives,
ihsagice to the amendment of the House to the tliirty-ftr&t
amendment of the Senate thereto, and ngrce to the con-
ference asked hy the House on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses thrrcou.
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the Senate be
appointed by the President pro tem-poic.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed Mr.
Sherman, Mr. Sumner, and Mr. Cowan.
OFFICIAL ARMY REPORTS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate the amendment of the House of Repre-
sentatives to the joint resolution (S. No. 21) to
provide for the printing of official reports of the
operations of the armies of the United States. The
amendment was to strike out all after the resolving
clause, and in lieu thereof insert the following
substitute:
That the Secretary of War be, and heisheieby, directed
to furnish the Superintendent of Public Printing with cop-
ies of all such correspondence, by telegraph or otherwise,
reports of commanding officers, and documents of every
description in relation to the existing rebellion, to be found
in the archives of Jus Department, since the Utdayof De-
cember, 1860, to the present time and during the continu-
ance of said rebellion, which may be, m his opinion, proper
to be published ; which said correspondence, reports, and
documents shall be arranged in their proper chronological
order.
Sec. 2. Jlnd 6c it further resolved, That the Superin-
tendent of Public Printing shall cause to be printed and
hbund (in addition to the usual number) ten thousand cop-
ies of such correspondence, reports, and documents in vol-
umes of not exceeding (as near as may be) eight hundred
octavo pages each, which shall be distributed by the Sec-
retary of the Senate as follows, to wit: five hundred
copies to the War Department; one complete copy to each
State library of every State iu the Union, and five com-
plete copies to public libraries in each congressional dis-
trict of the United States, to-be designated by the Repre-
sentatives of the present Congress from such distiict;
and of the remaining copies, three thousand shall be for
the use of members of the present Senate, and six thou-
sand for the use of members of the present House of Rep-
resentatives.
Sec. 3. Jind be it further resolved, That it shall also be
the duty ot the Secretary of War to cause a complete index
of the matter contained in each volume to be prepared and
inserted therein.
Sec. 4. Jlnd be it further resolved, That all resolutions
adopted by either House of Congress at its present session
directing the printing of any of the conespondence, re-
ports, or documents as above contemplated, be, and the
same are heieby, rescinded.
Mr. WILSON. I hope the Senate will concur
in this amendment. 1 am sure it will save money
and will make the publications uniform; it is the
best amendment we can possibly adopt. After
the Senate passed the original resolution I re-
ceived a communication from the Superintendent
of Public Printing, Mr. Defrees, suggesting this
amendment, with a view to make the publications
uniform and to save money, and it will save many
thousands of dollars and make all the publica-
tions of war reports uniform and keep them all
together. I sent his letter with the amendment
to a gentleman in the House of Representatives,
and this amendment I understand has received
the unanimous, or nearly so, sanction of the
House of Representatives. I believe it is right,
and I hope the Senate will concur in it.
Mr. GRIMES. I wish to inquire of the chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs if there
is any provision here for some one to compile
these reports. I notice that in the reports that
have been published there are a great many er-
rors. They are apparently typographical Irrors,
but they originated in the bad copying of the re-
ports. There are geographical errors; for in-
stance, describing one county by a name that has
no existence, and rivers by names that are not
known in any geography m the world. There
ought to be some provision made by which these
reports, when they are printed at such gieat ex-
pense tu the public,should be accurately printed.
I do not know whose business it is to read them
orprepare thern. Of course, there is a proof-reader
who compares the manuscript with the printed
text, but I do not know who revises them, or if
there is any one. I want to know if there is any
provision of that sort.
Mr. WILSON. I do not think, strictly speak-
ing, fhcre would be a provision of that kind. There
is a provision appropriating a certain amount of
money to aid the Adjutant General's department
in having the work performed and copying done.
I think that is all that is neccssary in that respect.
The amendment of the House of Representa-
tives was concurred in.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. HOWARD. If it be in order I will move
to take up Senate bill No 132, with a view to make
Uthe special order of the day for Wednesday
next at one o'clock. It is the Pacific railroad
bill as amended by the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad.
Mr. HALE. Will the order of the day lose
its place by that motion?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That will de-
pend on the pleasure of the Senate. It may not,
if the Senate agree by unanimous consent to lay
it aside with a view to take up the bill indicated
by the Senator from Michigan.
Mr. HALE. I hope, then, that the Senate will
not consent to it, I gave way an hour ago for
the Senate just to take a vote and no debate, and
here I am.
Mr. CONNES8. There will be no debate on
this.
Mr. HALE. Well, if there will be no debate
upon it 1 will not object.
Mr. HOWARD. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to allow me to take up this bill.
Mr. HALE. I will agree to it.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the bill (S. No. 132) to amend an act
entitled "An act to aid in the construction ,of a
railroad and telegraph line from the Missouri,
river to the Pacific ocean, and to secure.to the
Government the use of the same, for postal,mili-
tary, and other purposes," approved July 3,1862.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 now move that it be made
the special order for Wednesday next at "one
o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
PENSION TO WIDOW OF GENERAL WHIPPLE.
Tlie PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senate
will now resume the consideration of the special
order.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I ask the unanimous
consent of the Senate to introduce a joint resolu-
tion for the purpose of refeience.
Mr. HALE. I cannotgive way. I have given
way all day, and if I continue to yield, I might
give way all night.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. It is merely for ref-
erence.
Mr. HALE. The Senator from Kansas will
excuse me when X point him to the clock. I wish
the Secretary to read the bill that is now under
consideration.
The Secretary proceeded to read, as follows:
Senate bill IVo. 114 to amend section five of an act pn-
titled "An act to continue, alter, and amend the charter
of the city of Washington," appioved May 17,18-18, and
further to preserve the elections and guard against the
ahuse of the elective franchise by a registration of electors
for the city of Washington in the District of Columbia——
Mr. HALE. That is not the bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is the
special order.
Mr. HALE. The special order for to-day was
the bill granting a pension to the widow of Gen-
eral Whipple.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
must beg the Senator's pardon. The unfinished
business of the last sitting of the Senate over-
rides that special order, and Senate bill No. 114
is the business before the Senate.
Mr. HALE. Then I move to postpone that
bill in order to proceed to the consideration of the
special order assigned for to-day at one o'clock.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to say to the Sena-
tor from New Hampshire that this bill, which is
the unfinished business, is of a public character,
while the Senator's bill is strictly of a private
character. The consideration of this bill has been
urged for several weeks; and I am told it is of
the utmost consequence that it should be acted
upon at once. It relates to the election in this
city, which is to take place in the beginning of
the next month. I hope, therefore, the Senator
will see the propriety of disposing of it at once,
and not interposing any motion that would delay
action upon it.
Mr. HALE. I know that that is a public bill;
but 1 wish to state to my friend from Maine that
the distinguished Senator from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Cowan,] who moved the amendment to it
which is now pending, was under the necessity
of leaving town on Saturday night, but expects
to be back again this evening; and I think it
would be uncourteous to him to" call up his bill
when he is necessarily absent, especially as he is
to be absent but a single day. I know—for 1
board with the Senator—that he expects to be
back this evening. 1 trust that wiil commend
itself to the Senator from Maine as a reason for
not urging the bill at this present time.
Mr, MORRILL. The bill is in no peculiar
sense the bill of the Senator from Pennsylvania,
that I know of. It does not come from his com-
mittee. He takes particular interest in it.
Mr. HALE. The Senate were engaged in dis-
cussing an amendment submitted by him when
the biil was last under consideration.
Mr. MORRILL. It was rather a bad time for
him to leave while his amendment was pending.
Mr. HALE. I desire to state what the bill is
to which I ask the consideration of the Senate.
It is a bill granting a pension to the widow of
Major General Whipple, who died m battle on the
battle-field of Chancellorsville a little more than
a year ago. I believe 1 have the authority of the
chairman of the Committee ou Pensions, as re-
ported in the proceedings in the Globe a little
more than a year ago, that from the foundation
