1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
611 up our depleted Army, and that a conscript
law was the next step necessary to carry on die
war. A change in the public mind had been
wrought by means, sir, of so marked a character,
that Congress resorted to a conscript law, always
odious to republics. They set up in the national
capita! of a free people that death skeleton of
Austrian and French tyranny, and covered its
hideous proportions under the garb of military
necessity. Why,sir, this change in public senti-
ment? Who created the military necessity? Had
the people lost their valor, or ceased to cherish
and revere the institutions of our fathers? Sir,
the President and his wicked advisers, if the ne-
cessity existed, were responsible forit. They had
unblushing!y, as w6 shall hereafter notice, broken
faith with a generous and confiding people, and
set the public mind afloat upon a sea of doubt.
Xhelove of free institutions filled our Army upon
me first and second calls of the President, and the
same noble impulse renders a people jealous of
their rights at home, and sensitive to any indica-
tions of encroachments upon the established in-
stitutions of the country.
Mr. Lincoln, either from a want of appreciation
of the attachment of the public mind to laws and
civil rights, as indicated by the uneasiness of the
people at his first departure from his pledges and
the path of duty,orfor some ulterior and sinister
motive, followed other offensive acts with the sus-
pension of the writ of habeas corpus in all the loyal
States, placing at the malice, cupidity, or preju-
dice of military commandants and provost mar-
shals the liberties of twenty million people.
One flash over the wires, and the freedom of speech
and of the press and the liberty of the citizen were
as effectually blotted out as if they never had a
place in the/charter of liberty. Under the pesti-
lential influence of this assumption of arbitrary
powtr zyid lawless aggression the political and
military subordinates of the Prcsidententered the
peaceful abodes of citizens without wairantor
process of law, dragged- the inmates thence and
confined them in loathsome dungeons and political
bastiles, to remain without tual or a knowledge
of the offense with which they were charged.
Many now remain immured ,ignoi ant of their des-
tiny and of the real or pretended grounds of im-
prisonment.
Sir, at this session of Congress resolutions have "
been offered calling upon the proper Departments
for information ofthe number and names of Amer-
ican citizens rotting away their existence in polit-
ical dungeons, and the charges upon which they
are imprisoned; the red-handed Jacobin element
of this House finds means, under the rules, to
smother investigation; but if a negro, in attempt-
ing to obtrude himself into a street car of this city,
is ejected for his impudence, it is so grave a mat-
ter it must become the subject of reference to a
committee of one branch of this body and the
theme of legislative debate; but the suiienngs of
white men, groaning in the damps and darkness
of prison, to the fanatical mind of the hour are
unworthy of alleviation or a passing notice. Sir,
if pnsoncis of State are guilty of any crime against
the laws, try and punish them—I would not ex-
empt the guilty—but if they are the victims of a
political persecution, let the.m be heard, and re-
store them to their families and liberty which of
right belongs to them.
Sir, the arbitrary power assumed and enforced
by armed \ioicnce has overshadowed and ren-
dered nearly powerless the judiciary of the coun-
try, has closed the peaceful and constitutional
avenues to ledress. An order issued in the de-
partment of Missouri, section two, says:
"All such piosocutiona [suits for false imprisonment
and destiuction of property by miiitaiv subordinates] ate
prohibited, except by consent or the commander of the dis-
tuct in which the piosccuiion i-i commenced, or by con-
sent of higher military authority, which will always bt;
granted when eon.-i&tcnt with the ends of justice and 111-
teiest of the seivice."'
Here, sir, is the civil under the dragon foot of
the military power; the peaceful and wronged citi-
zen is forbidden the approach to the altar ofjustice
unless permitted by the arbitrary pleasure of a
military commander; and these are the modes by
which the laws and the civil power of the coun-
try are to be restored ! Such orders will soon en-
velop the entire country. In the border States have
originated all the aggressions_tiiat have spread
over the northern find western Slates. Such meas-
ures of the President, and corresponding acts of
Congress, practically change and subvert the in-
ternal police regulations of the States, and are
aimed, as 1 believe, at a social and political revo-
lution in all the States, that shall rest upon a
consolidation of powers inconsistent with the ex-
istence of the States. Constitutional State rights
are broken, and the fragments are gradually being
drawn to the central Government.
These fundamental changes must be at the ex-
pense of some portion of the liberty of the people.
Sir, it is my opinion that the confusion and cor-
ruptions they engender and protect, tend directly
toward the subversion of free government, i
will not charge that the President and his parti-
sans design to overthrow ourinstitutionsand per-
manently subvert the Government of our fathers;
but i will assert he is fast approaching that rug-
ged channel the shores of which are strewn with
the wrecks of republics. The President's zeal
or some ulterior motive is drawing him, step
by step, from those palpable principles without
which free government cannot exist;-is inducing
him in the States true in their fidelity to the in-
stitutions and laws of the country to oveileap
the Constitution and trample under foot personal
rights. If he will consult history I think he will
find he must soon reach that point from which
there is no safety in return, but that onward in
the path of aggression is the only resource for
him who has ventured to remove the landmarks
of constitutional liberty. Another alarming feat-
ure as to the condition of the country is that the
legislative has become subordinate to the exec-
utive power, as is evidenced by the fact his acts
in violation of constitutional rights and obliga-
tions are coated over with the forms of retroactive
legislation. 11 is said, sir, a military necessity,
a monster not known to our laws nor consistent
with the genius of our institutions, warrants a
disregard of the laws of the country; butl sub-
mit to you, sir, if the demand is conceded, we
have neither the form nor substance of free insti-
tutions left. It would place at the absolute will
of one man the liberty of the subject, the entire
resources of the country, and the power of self-
aggrandizement. No matter upon what plea the
conccssion is made, the fact still remains; it is the
Government of one man and not a Government of
the people.
Sir, the acts warranted by the supposed neces-
sity are not defined by any law or tradition of
the country, and must depend upon the will and
caprice of the Piesident. Say you he is well-
dmpoaed and of honest purpose? Grant itif you
desire. But the people cannot be unconscious of
the fact that he is surrounded and influenced by
the sycophants of power festering in the corrup-
tions of the times;, that the soepter of State trem-
ulously vacillates between irresponsible factions,
who would uproot practical constitutional gov-
ernment and tiansplant m its placc the Utopia of
fanatical dreamers. The axiom of the French con-
stitution was, "As wills the king so wills the law."
In that was involved arbitrary arrests, thegrapp-
ings of sovereign powei, and the long catalogue
of wrongs which mark in history the beaten road
to the revolution which stained Fiance with the
blood of millions of victims and which brought
to the surface a Marat, a Robespierre, and then-
bloody coadjutors, who in the name of universal
libeity disgiaced humanity and sowed in the
brea3t of Fiance the poisonous seeds which ren-
dered abortive the labors and suifct irigs of her
people and prostrated her at the feet of a new des-
potism. Sifj look over the acts of the last Con-
gress and the files of this session and you will
find the slavish axiom of the French constitution
acted upon in some instances and certainly recog-
nized. Violations of well-defined rights are at-
tempted to be legalized, involving not only wrongs
to the citizen but millions of money squandered
for illegitimate purposes.
Sir, another cause of alarm, discontent, and
anxiety to the public mind in the loyal States is
the interferences with the fieedom ot elections by
military officers for partisan purposes. In many
of the loval States this has become a systematized
plan, and peaceful citizens from'the moral and
physical effeots of gross violations ot the elective
franchise have been depuved m many instaneesol
any\oicc in the national and State representation,
and elections have bc*u a degrading and insulting
farce in many portions of.the loyal States.; I*3,1 he
State of Kentucky,--at the general election of 1863,
most of the precinc.ts of twenty counties' were
visited by military officers with detachments,
names of candidates were publicly erasetl fro.ua tfe
poll-lists, the officers determining who should^
voted for, disregarding the laws of the Cpmraoa-
wealth of Kentucky. This conduct seemed. «paj>
tisan in its character, a crusade against the only
political party that connects the present with the
constitutional past. The numberof votes reported
in Kentucky were one hundred and eighty-three
thousand, and but seventy-nine thousand of this
number were cast. There were also military in-
terferences with elections in the States of Mary-
land, Delaware, and Missouri upon an extensive
scale in localities, as we have reason to believe;
and this interference in the border States has
made its appearance in some degree in the hoii-
slaveholding States. As an auxiliary to the de-
structive partisan interference with elections, the
press that could not be subsidized with the peo-
ple's money has been muzzled by the Adminis-
tration. An appeal to the constitutional provision,
" Congress shall make no law abridging the free-
dom of speech or of the press, or of the right of
the people peaceably to assemble and to petition
the Government for a redress of grievances," has
been pronounced treasonable, and made the cause
of new insults and imprisonments. Does not.the
Administration, sir, understand that such a state
of affairs in the loyal States endangeis in those
States that pcace and good order so necessaiy in
our present national afflictions? 1 do not hesi-
tate to predict that a country based upon a con-
stitutional, elective Government cannot bear for
any considerable time interference by force with
the freedom of elections and survive as free, and
no fixed and cherished national institutions perisfy
except in blood.
It is said, sir, elections are free to ail loyal men.
Who judges of these rights and of loyalty ? There
is no law or fixed regulation by which the fact is
established under this new umveisal liberty re-
| gimc. Arbitrary will controls it, sir, exercised
i with partisan zeal, and not for the welfare of the
! country. The President and the War Dcpatt-
I men? deijy issuing any orders sanctioning inter-
• ference with elections in the States 1 have named.
! What are the people to understand when the head
of the war powerdenies complicity with the gross
I outrages, and still retains those in confidence and
! office who with force have struck down the free-
j dom of elections? Has there been any court of
I inquiry, any reprimand of the officeis who have
! disgiaccd the cause of free government by such*
conduct? None whatever. Sir, the President is
responsible to the people lor these outrages. The
officers interfering were his subordinates and
liable to be called'to account by him for a viola-
tion of civil rights, and his omission to do so is a
tacit approval of the wrongs. Sir, Edward of
England, at a time elections were declaied free,
addressed a circular letter li to all the sheriffs,
commanding them to give notice to the "freehold-
ers, citizens, and burgesses within their respective
counties that our pleasure and commandment is
that they shall choose and appoint, as nigh as
they possibly may, men of knowledge and ex-
perience within the counties, cities, and boroughs;
* but, nevertheless, that where the Pi ivy Council
should' recommend men of learning and wisdom,
in such cacse their directions be regarded and fol-
lowed. Several persons accoidingly wereieconi-
mended by letters to the sheriffs and elected as
knights for diffeient shires, all of whom belonged
to ibc court or were m places of trust about the
king." Louis Napoleon declared a free election
for first consul in France, but his military inter-
fered with the electors and controlled the elections
by force, and Napoleon declared himself elected
by the Jrec suffrages of France. Whodoubtsbut
Edwai d was responsible for. the acts of his sheriffs
and their posses, and Napoleon for the violence
of his grenadiers? Sir, this mockery of law and
of the rights of the people is not recent; it is writ-
ten m blood upon the pages of history, and when
cartied to its natural results nations have groaned
and perished in its iron grasp.
Thus far the disturbance of the freedom of elec-
tions has been local and not so serious in its im-
mediate Ol remote consequences as would have
been had the elections been for a Chief Executive
