THE (DONGRESSI0NAL * GLOBE;
March 26,
<3# the country. The people love the constitu-
tional liberty of the country as they love life and
honor. They forbear much patiently, hoping the
4ark elouds that envelop the nation may pass
away, and leave it once more in the unobscured
effulgence of constitutional liberty. No power
can with impunity tax their patience beyond
rational endurance. The election of a President
by peaceful and constitutional means, whoever
he may be, will satisfy the people; but the office
usurped by force and fraud will placo upon the
brow of the incumbent a crown of thorns. In
such lamentable case the usurpations of the Old
World will rush across the public mind, nerving
to manhood the weak and effeminate. Let us
pause here and give heed to the voice of the past.
An eminent British subject, who wrote in 1675,
uttered sentiments in monarchical England that
democratic America may profit by. He says,
speaking of .a Chief Executive:
"He acts also contrary to Ms trust when he either em-
ploys the force, tieasure, and officers of the society to cor-
rupt the representatives, and gain them to his purposes, or
openly preengages the electors and prescribes to their
choice such whom he has by solicitations, thtcats, prom-
ises, or otherwise, won to hid designs." * * *
* " Thus to regulate candidates and electors, and new
model the waysot election, whatisitbuitocut uptlie Gov-
ernment by the roots, and poison the very fountain of pub-
lie security  * * * "To prepare such
an assembly as this, and endeavor to set up the declared
abettors of his own will for the true 'representatives of the
people and the lawmafcois of the society, is certainly as
great a breach of trust, and as perfectadoclaration of ado-
sign to subvert the Government, as is possible to be met
with. To which if one shall add rewards and punishments
visibly employed to the same end, and all the arts of per-
verted law made use of to take off and destroy all that
stand in the way of such design and will not comply and
consent to betray the liberties of their country, it will be
pastdoubt wbatisdoing." * * * * "And one
cannot but see that lie who lias once attempted any such
thing as this cannot any longer be trusted."—Locke's Civil
*Govermncnty page 470, temh edition.
I may be over-sensitive, sir, but I fear much
enumerated by the writer is intended by the Pres-
ident. The reasons for such fear will be set forth
in full before I close. I may say here, sir, the
people will have a (Vee election for President the
coming fall; and I sincerely hope and am in-
clined to believe it will quietly be accorded them,
notwithstanding the indecent ambition ghown by
tiie President and his oath-bound secret organ-
izations for his reelection. What has this to do
with the message? We shall see, sir. The pol-
icy of the President in issuing his proclamation
must be rend in the light of his past conduetand
of the legislation of a Congress a majority of
whom are opposed to any and all conservative
, elements of the country.
Before 1 proceed to examine the future plans of
the President und'tus supporters, I desire, sir, to
pause and state my own convictions of duty and
necessity under the present trials of the country.
We, sir, are in the midst of a war that I believe
could have been avoided by honorable compro-
mises and mutual concessions, and that when the
conflict shall terminate, all who forced upon the
country'this calamity will be called to a fearful
account for the deaths, woes, and calamities that
unhallowed ambition and ever-corroding fanati-
cism have brought upon a once happy, free, and
prosperous people. 1 am no apologist for seces-
sion and rebellion. 1 believe the rebel States were
not justifiable in the attempt to sever by force their
relation to the United States and their allegiance
to the constitutional Government. I deny that
the Constitution gives any rightof secession upon
the arbitrary wdl of any State or Slates by force.
The right of secession against the will of the Gen-
eral Government and other States, would defeat
the ends intended to be secured by the Constitu-
tion. 1 am an advocate of State rights, and opposed
to the modern notion of consolidated powers in
the General Government, but the right to depart
from the Union is not one of the rights reserved
by the States. I am satisfied, sir, the Govern-
ment has the right, and it is Us duty, to enforce
by the armed power of the nation submission and
obedience to the Constitution and Union of the
States.
The right of voluntarysecession, though claimed
by abolition .Massachusetts and South Carolina
years ago, would render our national Union a
mockery, and subject the framers of the Govern-
ment to the charge of unparalleled folly. The
Administration'and its supporters in office have
the constitutional control of the Government, civil
and military. Under it I see no hope of compro-
mise and honorable nor forcible ad justment of the
difficulties that environ the country. Sir, I have
been and am in favor of furnishing all necessary
means and men to maintain the national unity and
overcome rebellion, if possible. To this end my
votes have been given "here and my counsel at
home. I am satisfied this Administration does
not intend to restore the Union, that its principal
object is the slave; but as matters now stand I
can see no alternative except to rely upon our
Army and maintain it in the field. Opposed to
the Pederftl Government is a large and desperate
army and nearly eight million people, who are
exasperated at the destruction, devastation, and
numberless evils that accompany an invading
army, and by the swarms of Government favor-
ites who, as our Army advances, are let loose
wpon the population of the rebel States. These
favorites are not soldiers; they do not slay, but
fatten on the corpses of the dead. Sir, to with-
draw our Army from the field would leave the
people represented by the Army subject to con-
quest by the confederate arms, and the nation sub-
ject to dictation for terms of peace and indemnity
on northern soil. We could expect nothing less.
After a bloody conflict of three years, which
has aroused the grosser and most violent passions
of the people on both sides, with the affairs of
the nation under the control of fanatics, an abso-
lute separation of the seceded States must be rec-
ognized before the cessation of hostilities, or the
conquest of- the northern States, as an indemnity
for losses, must follow the withdrawal of our
Army. I, sir, am not prepared for either alter-
native. This condition of affairs has arisen from
the maladministration of the General Government.
It has changed a legitimate war into an insane
crusade, having for its object the remodeling of
the mental, moral, social, and physical condition
of three or four million African slaves. Still a
mangled and distracted country looks for deliv-
erance to conservative men; and if a safe deliv-
erance is ever granted, it will be through such
men. When the madness and folly of the hour
subside, the conservative power of the country
must take the reckoning, and enter upon its mis-
sion—the task of restoring the country and laws,
surrounded by the difficulties the weakness and
folly of the Administration have brought upon
the nation. The first move in that direction is an
appeal to the people. They will get right; they
cannot indorse tile cruel hypocrisy of the Ad-
ministration; they can now see no faith can be put
in its pledges. With our Army to protect us for
a season from southern secessionists in arms, and
the people at home with a free canvass and un-
trammeled elections, I hope fhe country may at
last be rescued from the two disintegrating ele-
ments, treasonable secession and intolerantfanat-
icism; that adjustments may yet be made con-
sistent with the honor, unity, and future repose of
a great nation.
Sir, I desire peace and quiet to an overburdened
and distracted people. 1 desire once more to wit-
ness the uninterrupted progress of the industrial
pursuits of the country, the return of our com-
merce to its accustomed channels, and the pro-
gressive development of the arts and sciences. I
desire returned to their families the thousands of
patriots who now brave the dangers and toils of
war. We cannot return the braves fallen in bat-
tle, nor can we restore to vigor the wrecked and
disabled forms that bear the cruel marks of war.
But the Administration by a wise policy could
long since have stayed the work of death, and it can
by its follies send misery to millions more of in-
nocent hearts.
Is it wise, is it humane, to scatter death like the
blasts of winter over every portion of the coun-
try, exacting the blood, toil, and substance of
twenty million fieemen in the outside work of
forcing the African slave from his condition, and
the experiment of pulling down the white popu-
lation to a social and political equality with the
negro—a relation which, if forced upon the people,
could not last five years after despotic force is re-
moved? The President has prolonged this war
and destroyed the most valuable rights of a loyal
people; has obliterated State lines, abrogated State
constitutions and laws, and virtually declared the
Union of the States under the Constitution shall
not be permitted, to the end he mtty accomplish
the abolition of slavery. And in this he is sup-
ported by the abolition, constitutional-hating ma-*
jority in this House. The gentleman from Mas.
sachusettson my right [Mr. Baldwin] said:
"'The Union as it was;' this is impossible. If weeould
go back to the past and have the Union precisely as it was,
under the slave power for some years before the outbreak
of this rebellion, what thoughttul mta would desire it, in
preference to going forward to something better.
* * * f Is a return to all this, instead of deliver-
ance from it, something to pray for?" * * * *
" That volume of our history is now at a close. We are
about to commence another. The contents of this new
volume, unknown to us now, because we cannot lift the
vail that hangs over the future, will be determined by tha
result of this contest, and especially by the policy that shall
regulate the* restoration of peace." * * *
" In the near future the nation will be i all slave or a«
free.'" * * * * ^Henceforth, If we hava
the itcpublic at all, we must have it as it Ought to be, as
its founders meant it should be."
Sir, this means we are to have no restoration
of our cherished Union, under which we have
grown strong and influential; that negro slavery
shall be blotted out or the nation shall not be free;
that our fathers did not intend the Government
they adopted to be perpetual; that a'new volume
of history was about to be opened, separating the
present from the past, a volume that shall discard
the practical admonitions of Washington for the
wild and treasonable frenzy of Massachusetts.
Sir, such language can be found in the history of
the radicals of France, but the volume of history
there was opened in characters of blood and closed
by the power of despotism; a Louis Philippe lost
the throne, but a despot succeeded.
Sir, when this war burst upon the people, the
President and his partisans hailed it as the star
in the east, and resolved under the name of pa-
triotism to pour out the blood of a faithful people
for the principal purpose of realizing a morbid
desire for the emancipation of the African. The
design was concealed, and all honest men who
saw through the deceit were by the slaves of power
and patronage declared unfaithful to the country;
and now after three years of blood and taxation
the design is unmasked, because the President
believes he has the power to strike down the cit-
izen if he dare stand in the way of his negro-lov-
ing 'fanaticism. His proclamation of 1863 was
issued to try the temper of the people and for no
practicable end. In his message to the House of
December, 1863, speaking of the emancipation of
slaves and their enlistment in the Army, he says:
"At home the same measures iiave been fully discussed,
supported, criticised, and denounced, and the annual elec-
tions following are highly encouraging to those whose
official duty it is to bear the countiy through this great trial.
Thus we have the new reckoning: the crisis which threat-
ened to divide the friends of the Union is passed."
It is declared by the President that the annual
elections of 1863, that resulted in Republican ma-
jorities, were indorsements of his emancipation
policy of freeing and placing the negro slave as
an equal with the white soldier in the field. In
the same document ho says:
" Of those who were slaves at the beginning of the re-
bellion, full one hundred thousand are now in the United
States military scrvice, one half of which actually bear
arms in the ranks."
Sir, the people at the election of 1863 did not
indorse the policy of the President as he claims.
The issue was concealed and not made up; it un-
masked on the 8th of December, 1863, for the first
time. The leading men of his party prudently
shrnnk from the real issue in that election, and
carried the elections under the false cry of Union
and loyalty, called upon the people to restore the
U itiort under the Constitution,and hurled thecharge
of sympathy with rebellion upon those who denied
they were sincere. The President in his message
admits that his negro edicts threatened the coun-
try; a crisis, a danger was involved, and with a
knowledge of the jeopardy to the free Govern-
ment of twenty million people he puts into ex-
periment his favorite scheme, and for the realiza-
tion of which he remorselessly usps the blood and
substance of the nation. Upon paper he has as-
sumed to blot out involuntary servitude; and to
accomplish that end places the slave in our Army,
relying upon the stringent power of military dis-
cipline to quarter him by the same camp-fire with
the scar-worn veteran. The slave who is to be
made the comrade of our heroic soldiers, after the
rebellion had disorganized and weakened the State
wherein he was held to servitude, had notthecour-
