THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 25,
apply;to goods in warehouse on the 1st of July
ite'xt?
- Mr. FESSENDEN. Itapplies to all that may
fe&in the possession of the distiller, or in bonded
warehouse, or removed, where the duties have
not ^een paid. if there is any other matter which
any Senator wishes me to explain I am ready to
do so, if not, I move that the Senate concur in
the report of the committee of conference.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A, message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that the.
House of Representatives had agreed to the report
of the committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill of thoS.enate
(No. 266) to prevent smuggling, and for other
purposes.
The message also announced that the House
of Representatives had agreed to the report of
the committee of conference "on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill of the House
(No. 450) to provide for the repair and preserva-
tion of certain public works of the United States.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
527) making appropriations for sundry civil ex-
penses of the Government for the yearendmg the
30th of June, 3865; the pending question being on
thti amendment of Mr. Sumner toadd the follow-
ing as an additional section:
jind be ii further enacted, That sections eight and nine
of the act entitled "-An actio prohibit the impmtation of
slaves into any poit or place within the jurisdiction of the
United States from and after the Ut day of January, in the
year of our Lord 1808'," which sections ut d<M take to reg-
ulate tiie coastwise slave trade, are hereby icpcaled, and
Uie coastwise slave trade prohibited lorever.
Mr. SHERMAN. I base my opposition to
thisamendment,simply on the ground f slated last
night, and which I will not repeat. I hope the
Senate will keep legislative matter off this appro-
priation hill. If I am overruled in that 1 shall
submit with deference to the Senate. I ask for
the yeas and nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. COLjLAMER. I believo i had the floor
last evening on this amendment. The condition
of my health is such, and particularly my powers
of utteiancc arc so affected at this time, that 1
eannot make any elaborate reply to the honora-
ble Senator fiom Maryland, [Mr. Johnson,] hut
1 detme to say a very lew words which are called
for by the present aspectof this amendment. My
attention at fiist was called merely to the repeal
of the two sections mentioned in the proposition.
My attention was not then called to the latter
proposition which is now inserted in the proposed
amendment u> prohibit the coastwise slave trade.
My attention was first called to it by the honoi-
uble Senator from Maryland.
Mr. President, I shall content myself simply
with reading the opinion of the Supieme Court
in the case of Groves vs. Slaughter, reported m
15 Peters, in that case the State of Mississippi
had inserted in its constitution a provision that
slaves should not be brought into that State for
sale. Some slaves were brought in and sold and
a note wa;> iaken up and sued in the circuitcourt.
The defense was that the note was unlawfully
made. Vniious points ntose in the case, and
among others this one: whether that was an at-
tempt on the paitof the State to regulate com-
merce between the States, and if so whether it
was an encroachment upon the power of Con-
gress to regulate commerce between the States;
because the power to regulate commerce between
the States does not exist in the alternative, with
the States or with the General Government, as
each may choosc to exercise it; but it is an ex-
clusive grant of power to Congiess. In conbid-
enngthnt point. Judge McLean says:
" In ih .* cuse ofGihhon's vs. Ogdon, (9 Wheat., 183.) tin-
court derided that the power to regulate commerce is ex-
I'iu-.ivtiit' vetted in Congress, and tint no paitof it can be
exereii'.-d by a State.
uTh" net os'-ay of a uniform commeiciai regulation, tnoie
than an> other coiioideraiion, led to the adoption of the
Federal Constitution. And. unless the power be not only
paramount bat exclusive, the. Constitution must tail to
attain one of the puncipnl object*- of its foimation.
*' ft has been eontenued that a State may exeicise a eoin-
n i' evei it'the ii.it. not been txeioised by Con-
gn: *, ."H ?lir>t Hji- --r "f" ii>'" J.'ifoe cco^cd when tiio
Federal authority was exerted over the same subject-mat-
tern"
He goes on to repudiate that, and says:
"Can the transfer and sale of slaves from one State to
another be icgulated by Congress under the commercial
power
I ask gentlemen to pay attention to this.
" If a State may admit or prohibit ciavos "at its discretion,
this power must be m the State and not in Congress. The
Constitution seems to recognize the power to be in the
States. The importation of certain pei.-ons, meaning
slaves, which was not to be prohibited befoie 1808, was
limited to Mich States, then existing, as shall think proper
to admit them. Some of the States at that time pioiubitcd
the admission of slaves, and their right to do so was as
strongly implied by this provision as the right of other
States *thata,(hmtted them.
"The Constitution treats slaves as peisous. In the
second section of the fiivtatticle, which apportions Repre-
sentatives and dircct taxes among the States, it provides,
'The numbers shall be determined by adding to the whole
number or fjec persons, including those bound toseivice
for a term of vears, and ex'cludm? Indians not taxed, three
fifth* nt all other per-ons.' And again, in the third sec-
tion ot the fourth article, it isdcclaied that' no person held
to seivic« or labor in one State, under t lie laws* them of, es-
caping into anothei. shall, in consequence of any law or
regulation therein, he dnchaiged from Mich service oi labor,
but shall be dehveied up on churn ot the party to whom
such meivice or labor may hodue.'
" Ry the hiwsot certain States slave are treated as prop-
erty; and the constitution ot Mi^-i^ippi piohibits their
being brought into that State bv citizen-of other States for
xaie, or a* merchandise. Merchandise isa eompreh. nsive
term, and may include eveiy aiticte of tiafile whether for-
eign or domestic which is propeily einbiaccd b> a commer-
cial regulation. i at if sdaves arc considered in souk- of
the States as merchandise, that cannot divest them of the
leading and conti oiling quality of persons by winch they are
designated in the Constitution." * * * *
" The constitution of Ohio declares that there <0iall be
neither slavery nor involuntary servitude in that State ex-
cept lor the punishment of eiimes. Is tin.- pioviMou in
conflict with  he power in Con«refr-< to regulate commeice ?
It goe-i much hnther than the constitution of M.vi^ippt.
That prohibits only the intioduction of slaves into the State
by the citizens uf'other States as merchandise; but the
constitution of Ohio not only docs thw, but it declares that
slavery shall not exist m the State. Does not the gieater
powei include the leaser? It Ohio may prohibit the intio-
duetion ot -.lave* into it altogether, may not the State of
Mississippi icgulate then admission?"
After arguing this at some length lie comes to
this conclusion:
"The power over slavery belongs to the States respect-
ively. It is local ui its ch.iraetei and in its effect*; and
the transfer oi sale of slaves cannot be separated from tins
powt r It is, indeed, an essential pait ot it.
" Each State lias a i ight to piotect itself against the ava-
rice and iutiusion of the slave dealer; to guard its citizens
against tl e inconveniences and dangers of a slave popu-
lation.
The right to exercise this power by a State is higher
and deepen than the Constitution. The cm! involves the
pro*p'-uty and may endanger the existence ot a State, its
powet to guard aizainM or to remedy the evu rests upon the
law of self-pr«ve!vatio i, a law vital to every community,
and f.specially to a aoveieign State."
Chief Justice Taney on this same point said:
« fit my judgment, the power ove,r tin* subject h ex-
clusively with tii''several State*; and each oi them has a
i ight to decide ior jrselt wheihet it wdl or will not allow
persons of this description to he brought within it* limits
fjoin another State, either lot s.ih* ot Cor any other purpose;
and also to pn>sciil e the mannei and mode in which they
maj be intiodueed, and to detetmme then condition and
tieatment within then lespectivc temtories; and the ac-
tion of the-?<.wral States upon tinsubject cannot be con-
ti oiled bv Congiess, either by vutueot its power to regulate
commerce or by vutue of any other powei conl'eried by
the Constitution of the United States."
Now, Mr. Ptesident, I consider that that case
has decided that this subject of the introduction
or passage of slaves* iVom one State to another is
entirely within the power of the several States;
that it does not, fall within the power gi ven to Con-
gress to tegulate eomnieree between the States;
and for the main reason which 1 have given be-
foie. It wcis essentially for this: that if we can
prohibit it we can all -w it, and if we can aliow
it we can defeat the purpose of the State altogether.
The great point in the case is that they are, as
Judge McLean says, persons, not property, not
articles ol commerce and tiade, and therefore do
not fall within this delegated powei that is given
to Congress, i ^ay, therefore, that the sections
of the law of 1S07 which it is proposed to repeal
ought to he repealed, because they attempt to reg-
ulate if. I must say further, I consider any
attempt by Congress to prohibit, or allow, or reg-
ulate this subject is to treat these poisons as prop-
erty, articles of merchandise, and to endeavor to
exercise the power ot Congress under that dele-
gation of power to regulate commerce as covering
n contrary to the decision of the Supreme Court.
Tins last clause which the honorable oeoator had
added to his amendment prohibiting the coast-
wise slave trade is an attempt to exercise this
power, and I therefore shall be obliged to vote
against the amendment.
Mr. SUMNER. I merely wish to make one
remaik as to the question of power. I say noth-
ing as to whether Congress under the Constitu-
tion may undertake to regulate the trade in slaves
between the States on the land. I waive that
question. The proposition before the Senate
simply undertakes to prohibit the coastwise slave
trade. Now, sir, I hold in my hand Brightley's
Digest. By turning to that you will find there ia
one head entitled "coasting trade," containing
no less than forty-eight different sections, each
section being in thfc natuie of a regulation by
Congress on that subject. 1 turn, then, to an-
other head entitled "passengers." There 1 find
seventeen sections, each section being in the na-
ture of a regulation on that subject; and in point
of fact it is well known to the Senate that Con-
gress has, by most miuute regulaiions, determ-
ined the conditions on which passengers shall be
carried in ships. It is known that those regula-
tions are applied especially on board the Califor-
nia steamers, and also the steamers between this
country and Europe. In the one case the steamers
are foreign; in the other they are domestic; or the
trade, if I may so say, is domestic. In view of
this minute and ample legislation of Congresson
the subject of passengers and of the coasting
trade, 1 submit there can be no question that Con-
gress can go further, and by a final regulation de-
clare that m that coasting trade there shall be no
such thing as the slave trade.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
lesulted—yeas 13, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Conness, Giimes, Harlan, How aid,
Lane of Knn«as, Moigan, Mori ill, Pomeroy, Iiatmey,
Spiasue, Sumner, Wade, and Wilson—13
NAYS — Messrs. Buclcalew, Caihie, Clark, Collainer,
Cowan, Davis Ilatiis, Il'-ndricks, fiicUs, IJowe, Johnson,
MeDougall, Nesmith, Powell, Richardson. Riddle, Sauls-
burj, Sherman, Tiumbull, and Van Winkle—2d.
AI5SENT—Messrs. Anthony, Biown, Chandler, Dixon,
Doohttle, Fcr-senden, Foot, Foster, Hale, Uaidtng, Hen-
derson, Lane of Indiana, Ten Eyck, Wilkiu&ou, VVilley,
and Wright—1G.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 am requested to move a
couple of amendments fyom the Committee on
the Library. At the end of the first section we
move to insert the following:
To enable the Joint Libiary Committee to purchase a
collection of eaily American mapsand plans, chiuflv mau-
u.-cript oiiginaN, ilin-tiaiive of the French war and the
vvai ot the Revolution, fot deposit fn the Library ot Con-
giess, $1,000.
Mr. President, this is a small matter, but it is a
matter of great interest to any gentleman having
any historical curiosity. Here are about one hun-
dred plans and maps, which were obtained a few
yem's since ftom the royal geographer of Eng-
land. A largo part of them are ouginal drafts,
illustrative of the Biaddock expedition, of the
French war, our revolutionary war, and of the
early periods of our history. They are works of
very gieat interest and curiosity. They were ori-
ginal drafts put into the hands of the royal geog-
rapher from which some plates were made, the
originals lemammg in his hands. They were sold
some few years since,and a gentleman m Boston
obtained this selection of plans and drafts made
by British officers. For instance, here are seven
plans showing the progress of the Braddock ex-
pedition in 1756, from stage to stage, as it went
on, anil plans of the different parts of the country
as he passed through. Here are the plans of the
expedition to Lewisburg. Here are a set of plans
-of the attack and defense and the whole proceedings
of the Bunker Hill fight, and Boston and vicinity.
Here are the plans tor the attack on Charleston,
in the Revolution,drawn by British officers of the
topographical engmeeis. Here are the opeiations
of Sir William Howe, and his plan for the attack
(;n West Point, m 1777. Here are the original
plans, made by officers at the time, of all the op-
erations before Yoiktown, and the progies* of the
siege. Here is the original plan of the attack upon
Uuebec under Wolfe, and of all that region of
country. There are one hundred of them, ail of
great public interest, which we can make a pur-
chase of at the present time, i have no doubt the
gentleman now possessing them could sell them
at once to our historical- societies for a great deal
more money. Little as there may be in these
drafts and plans, poor as i am, L would give $100
