1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1805
age nor love of freedom to strike a manly blow,
but quietly toiled upon the soil where the rebel-
lion found him until our noble Army opened a
safe mode of escape, and the War Department
furnished transportation to some quietnook where
the orgies of abolitionism might confer a new
order of knighthood on the sable transcendental
hero. That portion of the proclamation and ac-
companying oath, and the pretended reconstruc-
tion ofrebellious States can be comprehended only
when read by light of the past and present hcts of
the President and Congress. The message proc-
lamation , sir, assumes that all States which passed
ordinances of secession are out of the Union, that
de facto and as a matter of law, the Constitution
of the United States and the constitution and laws
of the several seceded States as to them are abro-
gated, and that an undefined right of control over
those States lingers in the General Government.
The President has placed the right of govern-
mental interference in the preamble of his proc-
lamation as follows:
" Whereas in and by the Constitution of the United
States it is provided that the President shall have power
to grant reprieves and pardons for offenses against the Uni-
ted States except in cases of impeachment."
The President, sir, does not explain by what
logical process the power to grant pardon confers
upon him the right to reconstruct at his caprice
a government in the rebellious States. If he pos-
sesses the power it must be traced to the provis-
ions of the Constitution. He, by virtue of the
organic law, and by virtue of that alone, is Pres-
ident of the United States and Commander-in-
Chief of the Army. That instrument clothes him
with all legitimate power the people can confer
upon him short of a revolution. Tliis position as
to power is correct, or it must follow the President
is a usurper. If, sir, he acts under the Constitu-
tion, wiil some gentleman on the otherside inform
the House where in its provisions may be found
the authority for his imperial decree ? Certainly
not in the power to respite sentences and pardon
felons. The provision on that subject cited is
simply one ofclemcncy, where the demands ofthe
criminal law cannot be turned aside by extenua-
ting circumstances. It certainly confers no power
requisite to create State governments, and adopt
at his pleasure the monstrous doctrine of State
suicide. The claim that "limited and conditional
pardons accord with well-established judicial ex-
positions ofthe pardoning powy" cannot sustain
the proclamation. The conditions, sir, by all
judicial constructions, must attach to the criminal
and his acts of omission or commission as im-
posed by the pardon, and not to his kindred, the
citizens of his State, nor to the State as a people
or political organization. Nor can the pardon-
ing power impose conditions upon the culprit
which would be in violation of the Constitution
and laws of the United States, and you cannot ar-
raign in gross as felons eight million people in
any legal sense and apply the pardoning power.
This would be equivalent to indicting mankind;
and, sir, if such an absurdity were possible, as
long as there is one man in the rebellious States
guilty of no crime and loyal to the constitutional
Government, no conditions that affect his rights as
acitizen can be imposed, for it would be in viola-
tion of law. Violence and lawless power often
confound the innocent with the guilty, but the
law is chargeable with no such absurdity and
outrage. The President's claim to reconstruct
under the pardoning power is a pretext too trans-
parent to require any extended oxaminatio'n. He
at the same time invokes and violates the Consti-
tution.
But, sir, the President has friends on this floor
who abandon the source of authority pointed out
by the President's message, and maintain his right
"to admit into the Union" with new laws or edicts,
and fractured constitutions, the rebellious States,
under the following provision- of the Constitution:
" The United States shall guaranty to every Stare
in this Union a republican form of government."
If this provision is literally construed, and the
theory of negroites, that the seceded States are no
longer in the Union as States, is correct, then, sir,
this provision is not applicable to the subject-mat-
ter of the proclamation. Sir, it applies to Statesin
the Union, and not to a case where State laws and
constitutions have been expunged, and the States
as bodies-politic under the Constitution obliter-
ated. But, sir, if 1 concede that, by reason of
domain, the United States have the right within
the area of the rebellious States to establish local
governments, and receive the territory covered by
them into the Union, the President under the broad
concession cannot sustain his proclamation unless
he can establish the fact he is the United States,
that he is constitutionally both the executive and
legislative power. 1 apprehend, sir, the clause re-
ferred to was intended to af>ply to the kind of gov-
ernment to be maintained, in contradistinction to
a monarchy, oligarchy, or ax-istocracy. We must
look to other provisions of the .Constitution, sir,
as to the modes of accomplishing the ends in the
supposed case.
Article four, section three, of the Constitution
provides for the admission into the Union of new
States by Congress, and it is under this provis-
ion, if at all, the power is given. But, sir, the
President cannot exercise any of the powers of
Congress; he is not the legislative power; and
any attempt to arrogate that power is a tyrannical
usurpation, which, if tolerated, will serve as a
precedent which will ultimately destroy represent-
ative government. 1 need not pause, sir, to es-
tablish the fact that Congress cannot Relegate by
prior or retroactive legislation any legislative
power. I am therefore forced to the conclusion
that the proclamation of the President can be
sustained by no organic or statute law, and is a
palpable violation of the trusts reposed in him,
and an utter disregard of constitutional obliga-
tions.
Mr. Chairman, 1 have considered the subjcct
thus far granting, for argument's sake, the piem-
ises that the rebellious States are out of the Union;
that their ordinances of secession and the conflict
of arms have sundered them from the political
fabric. But, sir, I cannot pay that compliment
to treason, nor could you on the otherside of the
House, Mr. Chairman, if the negio were not
involved. lie, in yourestimation, is the talisman
befoie which the liberty and the constitutional
rights of the freemen of the country pale and ex-
pire. If the rebellious States have separated from
the Union, they have sundered the strong bonds
of the Constitution, as the vessel breaks the chain
that confines her to the firm anchor.
Sir, I ask gentlemen on the other side of the
House to inform me by what principles this de-
parture from the body-politic has been accom-
plished? The ordinances of secession were trea-
sonable and absolutely void. I presume no hon-
orable gen tleman on this floor will claim those
ordinances had any legal force. If they had) then
the Government had no right to oppose them.
What is legal and binding cannot justly be re-
sisted by force. The ordinances were void and
criminal. Mr. Chairman, what further has trans-
pired to change the political relation of those States
to the Union ? It cannot be the fact of establish-
ing forms of independent governments; the right
to do tins depended upon the void ordinances, and
the foundation upon which they built was treason
to the United States; this I trust will not sustain
any claim of the guilty actors. Sir, there only
remains that the secession and formation of pre-
tended governments has been followed hy a war
of three years of various fortunes; but, sir, every
soldier of the seceded States who has dischaiged
a gun at our Army has committed an overt act. of
tieason, (unless secession is a voluntary right,)
and the many conflicts in the field have not yet
changed the crime nor made rebellion legal; if
they had, the civilized world and the country
would have recognizcd the fact and put an end to
the sanguinary conflict.
Mr. Chairman, when the rebellion broke upon
the country, pvery State involved in it had a con-
stitution and laws, which for years had been rec-
ognized by the executive, legislative, and judicial
departments ofthe United Slates as republican in
form, and binding upon its subjects, and entitled
to the protection of the Government. (This, I
suppose, is what the gentleman ftom Maryland
[Mr. II. Winter Davis] declared the folly of the
fathers.)* Sir, what has become of those consti-
tutions and laws? Will any gentleman on this
floor admit that void and treasonable ordinances,
laws, and hostilities haveubrogated them? I had
supposed that a void could not destroy a valid
law. We arc only justified in the prosecution of
this war upon thetheoiythat ail actsof the lebel-
lious States as such are absolutely void; that the
constitutional Union, for the purpose of self-pro-
tection, confers a war power upon, the Govern-
ment. Mr. Chairman, we must abandon our the-
ory of treason or concede thatthe rebellion has not
changed the constitution and laws existing in the
States when they were involved in the treason.
I am satisfied, sir, the true and rational principle
is, that the old constitutions and laws in these
States and of the United States are legally in force,
and binding within their respective limits. All
that is wanting is the power to enforce them; and
to accomplish that end our Army is in the field.
I am aware, sir, that the officers of State have
vacated, in the rebellious districts, their official
positions, but this fact does not destroy the con-
stitution and laws of the States; they provide for
elections to fill vacancies, and expressly recognize
the sovereignty of the people. The duty of this
Government is simply by force to remove the
treasonable obstructions in those States to the
free action of the laws, and the vitality of the
body-politic in every State will set in motion the
functions of complete government. We are not,
if we succeed in the contest, in the situation of
conquerors of a foreign nation. We engaged in
this war, sir, under the mandates of the Constitu-
tion, and its continuance cannot be justified ex-
ceptit be to restore the rebellious States with their
old constitutions and laws to the Union under the
Constitution of the United States. This, sir, is
the basis of the "much-abused doctrine, " the
Union as it was and the Constitution as it is."
The obstructions to the execution of national and
State laws in the lebellious States would long
since have terminated had the Administration de-
sired to restore the Union and acted as zealously
to that end as it has for the stupid negro. We
are told it is not possible to restore the Union as
it was. This is not true, unless it be admitted
we cannot overcome the rebellious States. If you
have the power, sir, to carry out one tenth of the
ruinous and unwise legislation of this and the pre-
ceding Congress, you have the force to put into
successful action the organic and statutory laws
of every rebellious State.
What, sir, is the Union as it was? Is it not
the sovereign control of the Constitution and laws
of the United States and of the several States sub-
ject to the delegated powers to the General Gov-
ernment, extending throughout the territory of
the confederate States, ea-ch affected and perform-
ing its functions within the territorial limits des-
ignated by its constitution and laws before the
rebellion? Whether property of any kind has
been destroyed by the iron tread of war, whether
fields have been desolated and cities ieft in ruins,
does not change the principle; the laws act on
whatever remains when the resistance is overcome.
The nature of the Government and the relation
of the States in no manner depend, as far as the
Union is concerned, upon the kind or quantity of
property in the States, North or South; nor do I
think it depends, after cessation of hostilities,
upon the number of persons who have violated
the laws of the United States in any or all of the
States; and any unconstitutional proclamation or
act interfering with property will in the end prove
abortive. The question as to the rights of prop-
erty and violations of law in the seceded States
must ultimately be one for judicial determination,
and never can be put to rest by the sword. War
is an unnatural condition of society, political and
social, necessarily limited in its duration and de-
structive in its career.
But, sir, there is a principle as unlimited in its
duration as time, that neither war nor conquest
can annihilate or subdue: it is rational liberty.
Its protege is man. Armed legions 'may walk
over its prostrate form; merciless fanaticism, in
her moments of frenzy, may assail ir, but cannot
entomb it with depaited republics; it abides with
man, and passes from generation to generation
inextinguishable. It may be obscured foratimfi;
but, as the crimson torrents of war subside, it
guides and shapes the destinyof nations. It will
not abandon a people worthy of its protection,
nor will it abide with the coward slave. Its in-
struments are constitutions, laws, and the um-
pirage of a judiciary. To these from the surging
sea of human passions we must return, orsquan-
der, in the frenzy of fanaticism and the gr&sp'wg
for unreal objects, the grandeur of the past. The
sooner we retrace our steps and follow the foot-
prints of*the fathers the better for the country and
humanity.
