THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
in favor thereof; and the report was accordingly-
received .
The resolution of the Senate provides that ajoin t
committee of three members of the Senate and
four members of the Houseof Representatives be
Appointed to inquire into the eonduetand expend-
itures of the present war; that they have power to
send for persons and papers; to sit during the ses-
sion of either House of Congress; and to employ
a stenographer, at the usual rate of compensation.
The amendment of the committee was read,as
follows; •
Strike out all after the word " war, "and in lieu
thereof insert the following:
And may further inquire into all the facts and circum-
stances of contracts and agreements already made, or that
may be made, and such contracts and agreements hereafter
to be made, prior to the final report of the committee, by or
with any department of the Government, in anywise con-
nected withor giovving out of the operation* of the Govern-
ment in suppressing the rebellion against its constituted
authority; and tlmt the s aid committee shall have authority
to sit during the sessions of either House of Congiess, and
during the recess of Congress, and at such times and places
lis said committee shall deem proper, and also employ a
stenographer as clerk, at the usual rate of compensation.
Andbcit farthertesolvetl, Thafcthe said committee shall
have power to send for persons, and papers; and that the
Sergeant-at-Arins of the Hou«e or of the Senate, as the said
committee may direct, shall attend in person, or by assist-
ant, the sittings of the said committee, and serve all sub-
perias put into his hands by the committee, pay the fees of
all witnesses, and the necessary and proper expenses of the
committee.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
gentleman from Ohio to let me move an amend-
ment to further perfect the resolution.
Mr. SCHENCK. lam willing to let the gen-
tleman have a vote on his resolution, and when
it is before the House I shall call for the previous
question.
The amendment of Mr. Wasiiboune, of Illi-
nois, was read, as follows:
Jhid be it further r mo I red, That the Speaker of the
House, or the Vice President and President of the Senate,
shall be authorized to issue Mibpenas to witnesses dining
the icces* of Congress upon the request of the committee
in the same manner as during the sessions of Congress, and
said eomuuitee shall have authority to report in eitiier
bianch of Congtess ui any time.
Mr. SCHENCK demanded the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The question being on the adoption of the amend-
ment off red by Mr. Wasiiburne, of Illinois, to
the amendment of the committee,
Mr. COX demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. WASUBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
yeas and nays will be ordered, if gentlemen on
the other side are opposed to investigation.
Mr. PENDLETON. We are not opposed to
investigation.
Mr. COX. 1 appeal to gentlemen to allow us
to amend ihiHumondmont so us to make the com-
mittee stationary. We do not want this roving
commission running ail summer. I also desire
to move an amendment which shall piovide that
the committee report at this session of Congress.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have no
control over the matter, the House having ordered
the mam question to be pur.
Mr. COX. 1 ask unanimous consent.
Objiotion was made.
Mr. COX. Would it ho in order to move to
suspen.'i th « rules lor that purpose?
The SPEAKER. A motion to suspend the
rules is ah eady pending, and while that is so, an-
other motion cannot be entertained.
Mr. COX. The object on thisside of the Ht>use
is to secure an investigation.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Gentlemen
on that side have been clamoring for an investi-
gation, and now let us see whether they will vote
for it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and jt was decided in
the affiimative—yeas 106, nays 26; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs, William J. Allen, Alley, Alison. Ames,
Arnold, Ashley, John I). Baldwin, Baxtei, Beaman, Blaine,
Ii'janeis P. Blair, Jacob P>, Blair, Boutwell, ! <>><i, Ur.m-
deg.-e, Rioomall, James S. Brown, (.'hauler. Fieeman
Cl.uk.-, Coflioih. Cole,Cre>well,ThomasT. DavN, D.uves,
i)aw on, Demmg. Dennison, Di\on, Donnelly, Uinr^, Ed-
gerton, Eliot, ihnjh-h, Faroswoith, lYuion, Sanson,
Gooeli, Glutei, Gi i-wold, Harrington, Benjamin G. Han i^,
Heiriek, Iligby, Holman, Hooper, llotchki^s, Asahel W.
Hubbard, Il«ilbu d, Il'itchiiis, Jentkes, Julum, K.i^on,
Kollin , Oilando Kellogg, Keinan, Km«, Loan, Longvear,
Lovejoy, Mai s'ni, MeBi ule. MeCluig, MeFudoe, Middle-
ton, Samuel 1*'. Miller. William 11. Miller, Moorhoad, Mor-
rill, Daniel Morris, Morrison, Amos Myers, Leonard My-
ers, Odcll, Charles O'Neill, Orth, Patterson, Pike, Pom-
eroy, Price, Radford, William II. Randall, Alexander H.
llice. John H. Rice, Edwaid H. Rollins, Ro.ss, Schenck,
Scofield, Shannon, Smithers, Spalding, John B. Steele,
William G. Steele, Stuart, Thayer, Tracy, Upson, Elihu
B. Washburne, William B. Washburn, Webster, Wiialey,
Chilton A. White, Joseph VV. White, Williams, Winfield,
Fernando W.ood, and Woodbiidge—106.
NAYS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Ajicona, Augustus C.
Baldwin, Brooks, William G. Brown, Ambrose W. Clark,
Cox, Eldridge, Fmck, Frank, Hale, Harding, Knapp, Lc
Blond, Long, McAllister, Nelson, Noble, John O'Neill,
Pendleton, Robinson, James S. Rollins, Scott, Stiles,
Wadsworth, and Wheeler—26.
So the amendment'to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment reported by the committee, as
amended, was then agreed to.
The joint resolution as amended was concurred
in.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the vote
by w h ich the resolution was concu rred in; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the table;
which latter motion was agreed to.
CAPTAIN HENRY WALKS.
Mr. FINCK, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution tendering the thanks of
Congress to Captain Henry Walke,of the Navy,
for his bravery and gallantry and for his efficient
services rendered the country in connection with
the opening of the navigation of the Mississippi
river; which was read a first and-second time,and
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
MAJOR N. II. M'LEAN.
Mr. PENDLETON introduced the following
resolution; which, under the rules, was laid over
one day:
Jtesolvctf, That the Picsidcnt be requested to inform this
Hoiwe the reasons why Major N. II. McLean, lately sta-
tioned at Cincinnati, was oulered to report atFoit Vancou-
ver; also, whether any charges art'mmg the capacity or loy-
alty to the Constitution of said McLean have been filed in
any of the Depaitments; and if so, that he communicate
copies thereof, and of any p.ipeis relating theieto.
RIGHTS OF THE STATES.
Mr. HARDING introduced the following reso-
lution, and upon it demanded the previous ques-
tion:
Resolved, That the maintenance inviolate of the lights
of the Stales,and especially the 1 ight of each Stale to oider
and control its own demesne institutions, according to its
own judgment exclusively, is essential to that balance of
power upon which the peilection and endurance of our
political labrie depends.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to lay the resolution
on tin* table. .
Mr. HOLMAN. Upon that I call the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 73, nays 75; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames. Ashley. John D.
Baldwin, Batter, Beaman, Jacob B. Blan, Boutwell, Boyd,
lhandegce, Bioomall, Ambrose W. Clark, Fieeman Clai ke,
Cole, Cieswell, Thomas T. Davis, Deimnsr, Divon,i)on-
ltcllv, Dnggs, Eekley, Eliot* Parnswoith, fiank, G.ntieid,
(iooen, Grinueil, ilmby. Hooper, Ilotchkiss, Asahel W.
Uubbaid, Hulhind, J( nckes, Julian, Kelley, Franew W.
Kellogir, Oilando Kellogg,Loan, Lout;}ear. Lovejoy, Mai-
vui, MeBt ule, MeChinr, Melndoe, Samuel F. Millei, Moor-
liead, Morrill, Daniel .Mom-, Leouaid Myer-, (Smiles
< )\\eill, Patterson, I'eiham, Pike, Pomeioy,Pnoe, John II.
lliee, Eduaid H. Rollins, Sehenek, Simthcis, Spalding,
SteveiH, Thayer, Thomas, [Tpson, Fhhu B Washburue,
Wdliam B Wa-hbm n, Whaley, Williams, Wildei, Wilson,
Wiiulfim, ami Woodhudge—7J.
N' \ YS James C. Allen, William J. Allen, Aneo-
na, Augustus ('. Baldwin, Fi.meis 1\ Blan, Bliss, Biooks,
Jame- S. Blown, William G. Brown, Chanler, Clay, Cof-
iioth, ('ox, Craven*, Dawson, Deutiison, Eden, Edgerton,
Eldndge, English, Finek. Gannon,Gndei, CiUuold. Hale,
Hall, Hading, Hanimrton, Beniamin G. Ham-, Ileirick,
llolman, llutcluns, William Johnson, Keinan, King,
Knapp, L:t/,e;vr, L(i Blond, Long, Maicy, McAllister, Me-
Doweil, McKinnev, Middlcton, William U. Miller, James
R. Morn-., Morrison, Amos Myeis, Nelson, Noble, John
O'Neill, Oith. Pendleton, William II. Randall, Robinson,
James S. Rollins, [loss, Seodehl, Seoit, Smith, John B.
Steele, Stiles. Strouse, Stuait, Sweat, Tiaey, Vooihees,
Wad^wm th, Webster. Wheeler. Chilton A. While, Jo-epli
W. White, Wtnlield. Fernando Wood,and Yeaman—75.
So the resolution was not laid on the table.
The question recurred on the demand for the
previous question. ®
Mr. FENTON. Is it in order to move to refer
the resolution to a committee?
The SPEAKER. Not pending thedemandfor
the previous question.
Mr. FENTON. i hope the previous question
will be voted down, and then I will move to refer
the resolution to the selcct committee on the re-
bellious States,
The question was put on seconding the pre-
vious question; and there were, on a division—
ayes 56, noes 70.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. FENTON. I move that' the resolution be
referred to the select committee on the rebellious
States, and on that motion I demand the previous
question.
Mr. HARDING. I move to amend the motion
so as to refer the resolution to the Committee of
the Whole on the state .of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York has demanded the previous question. If the
previous question should not be sustained, the
motion of the gentleman from Kentucky will be
in order, and will take precedence of the motion
of the gentleman from New York.
The previous question was seconded—ayes 73,
noes 53, and the main question ordered, beingon
the motion to refer the resolution to the select
committee on the rebellious States.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 83, nays 68; as follows:
YEAS—Mfis&rs. Alley, Allison, Ame«, Arnold, Ashley,
John D. Baldwin, Baxter, Beaman, Blame, Jacob B. Blair,
Boutwell, Boyd, Broomall, Ambrose W. Clark, Fieeman
Clarke, Clay, Cole, Crcj-well, Thomas T.Dave-, Dawes,
Deming, Dixon, Dotineliv, Dtig?s. Eekley. Eliot, Fains-
woith, Fenton, Frank, Gaifield, Gooch, Gunnell, Highy,
Hotchkis*, A^ahel W. Ilubhard, Ilulhurd, Jencke j Julian,
Kashon, Kelley, Oilando Kullngg, Loan, Longyeai, Lovo-
loy, Maiviri, McBride, McChug, Mclndoe, Samuel F.
Miller, Moorhead, Moirill, Daniel Morris, Amos Myers,
Leonaid M>eis, Ch.ules O'Neill, Oitli, Patterson. Vet ham,
Pike, Pomerny, Price, Alexander II. Rice, John H. Rice,
Edward fl. Rollins, Sciienck, Scofield, Shannon, Smith-
eis, Spalding, Stevens, Thayer, Thomas, Up-on, Van
Valkenbursrh, Elihu B. Washburne, William B. Wa-hbum,
Webster, Whaley, Williams, Wilder, Wilson, Windom,
and Woodbndge—83.
NAYS—Meafsi*. James C. Allen, William J.Allen, An-
cona, Augu-uiw C. Baldwin, Fiancis P. Blair, Biooks,
James S. Br<uvn, William G. Biowu, Chanler, Cox, Cia-
vens, Dawson, Dentu-on, Eden, Edgeiton, Ekhidge, Eng-
lish, Fmck, Ganson, Gi uler, Grit wold, Hale, Hall, Hatdmtr,
Harrington, Benjainin G. Ham-, Henick, Holm.in, Hutch-
in.-, William Johnson, Keruan, King, Knapp, Le Blond,
Long, Marey, McAllisU'i, McDowell. MeKmney, Middle-
ton, Wilhau'i II. Miller, Jame«. R.Moiii^, Moin^on, Nel-
son, Noble, John O'Neill, Pendleton, Radlord, William H.
Randall, Robinson, James S. Rolling Ro«s, S<*ott, Smith,
John B. Steele, Stiles, Strouse, Stuart, Sweat, Tiacy,Voor-
hees, Wadsworth, Wheeler, Chilton A. White, Joseph
W. White, Winfield, Fernando Wood, and Yeaman—68.
So the resolution was referred to the selcct com-
mittee on the rebellious States.
Mr. FENTON moved to icconsider the vote by
which the resolution was referred; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CLAIM OF GENERAL GARRARD AND OTHERS.
Mr. RANDALL, of Kentucky, submitted the
following lesolution; which was lead, considered,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to lay
beloie tlm House the lepoitot the commissioner appointed
by him, together with the evidence and accompanying pa-
pejs, relating to the claim ot Geneial T. J. Gan'ard and
others, lor the destruction of their salt and salt-work* at
Goo-e Creek. Kentucky, by oidei of Geneial Buell in 1«SC2.
Mr. STEVENS, (attwonty-five minutes to three
o'clock, p. m.) I move that the House do now
ad]oui n.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I hope the gentleman
will withdraw that motion to enable me to offer a
resolution.
Mr. LiOLMAN. I insist on the tegular order
of business.
Mr. DR1GGS. I appeal to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to withdraw his motion. 1 desire
![ an opportunity of introducing a bill for reference.
Mr. STEVENS, i would do so if (lie busi-
ness could be confined to the introduction of bills,
but everybody is offering Buncombe resolutions,
and 1 think we had better adjourn.
The question was taken, and the House refused
to adjouin.
GENERAL ROBERT ANDERSON.
Mr. GR1DER submitted a resolution, which
was read, considered, and agreed to, insti ucting
the Committee on Military AfTaits to inquire into
the expediency of retiiing from the service Gen-
eral Robert Anderson, of Sumter memory and
gallantry, with full pay, and report by bill or other-
wise,
