1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2283
Mr. CONNESS. I will add, with the permis-
sion of the Senator from Wisconsin, that this regi-
ment that Colonel Baker conducted to the field
was a regiment made'up, to a very large extent,
of Californians, men who had been in California,
«nd still regarded themselves as Californians;
they were organized early here, and did very gal-
lant service. They were not properly a regi-
ment of volunteers in the service of any State,
but wished to call themselves Californians, and
be known as such. I believe the statement m'ade
now by the Senator from Oregon is strictly true.
I remember the facts very clearly.
Mr. HALE. I do not know anything about
this; but I read from the same speech made by
the Senator from Iowa, June 30, 1862: " Since 1
have been a member of it [the Senate] to four
different widows of officers, some of them only
colonels "in lineal rank,"this pension has been ac-
corded.
Mr. GRIMES. Perhaps the Senator from
New Hampshire does not know what lineal rank
is. One officer to whom I referred, Colonel Ri-
ley, was a colonel in lineal rank, but he was a
brigadier general by brevet. General Smith was
only a colonel in lineal rank, commanding a regi-
ment of dragoons, but he was a major general by
l)l'6V6t.
Mr. EIGHARDSON. I desire to call the at-
tention of the Senator from Iowa to the fact that
General Smith wasamajorgeneral, commissioned
under a law of Congress' passed prior to his
death.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed fora third
reading, and was lead the thiid time, and passed.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HALE submitted the following report:
The committee of confeience on tlip disagreeing vote1?
of ihe two Houses on the amendments to the bill (II. R. No.
151) making appropriations for the naval service lor tiio
year ending June 30, 1865, have met, and after a full and
free confeience have agreed to recommend and do recom-
mend to their respective Houses as follows:
That the House concur in the amendments of the Senate
to said bill numbered thiiteen, fourteen, eighteen, nine-
teen, twenty, and twenty-lour.
That the Senate recede from its amendments to said bill
numbered twenty-two and twenty-three.
That the Senate concur m the amendment of the House
to the amendmentofthe Senate to said bill numbeicd one.
That the House concur in the amendment of the Senate
to said bill uumbered twenty-seven, with the following
amendment; and insert m lieu thereof the following:
Sec. 2. And be it further en acted. That out of the ap-
propriation of $750,000 lor a floating dry-dock dt navy-
yard, New York, provided for by the act making appropri-
ations for the naval service of the United States, approved
3d March, 1863, the Secretary of the Navy be, and he is
hereby, aulhonzed to construct one or two dry-docks, as
he may deem expedient, at New Yorkand Philadelphia, at
$-260,000 each, and to expend the balance of said appropri-
ation, if it shall be necessary, to enlarge the sectional docks
to a capacity to receive the large vessels now building.
JOHN P. HALK,
P. G. VAN WINKLE,
L. W. POWELL,
Managers on ihe part of the Senate.
ALEXANDER If. RICE,
JAMES E. ENGLISH,
Managers on the part of the House.
The report was concurred in.
MESSAGE FR03I TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the House of Representatives had passed the fol-
lowing joint resolutions; in which it requested
the concurrence of the Senate:
A joint resolution (No. 77) relating to Green
Clay Goodloe; and
A joint resolution (No. 78) providing for the
election of a member of Congress for the State of
Illinois by the State at large.
MAIL SERVICE TO BRAZIL.
On motion of Mr. COLLAMER, the Senate
resumed the consideration of the bill (H.R. No.
407) to authorize the establishment of ocean mail
steamship service between the United States and
Brazil, the question being on the amendment
made as in Committee of the Whole to insert the
words " with the lowest responsible bidder"after
the word " contract," in line six, of section two.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. WILKINSON. I offer the following ad-
ditional sections as an amendment to the bill:
Sec. 5. And belt further enacted, That whereas the Gov-
eminent of-Ycnczuela, by a contract entered into on the
1st day of May, 1863, by Simon (Jamrtticho, consul for
Venezuela, in the city of New York, in behalf oi'eaid Gov-
ernment, of the one part, and certain citizens of the Uni-
ted States, of the other part, for the purpose of establishing
a line of steamers to carry the mads and ply between the
city of New York and Laguaj'ra, and other Venezueflan
ports, the Postmaster General is hereby authorized and
empowered to accept the terms thereof, on the part of the
United States, so far as the same may be applicable, and
to enter into a contract with the parties thereto, upon their
furnishing good and sufficient sureties for the faithful per-
formance of such contract, for carrying the mails between
the ports of St. Thomas, West Indies, and Laguayra, and
such other Venezuelian ports as nfey be deemed expedi-
ent, according to the provisionsofsaidcontract: Provided,
The expense of such service to the United States shall not
exceed the sum of $40,000 per year tor the performance of
semi-monthly trips between said ports, to he paid out of
any moneys appropriated for the service of the Post Office
Department: Provided further, That the Government of
Venezuela will apply and carry out in good faith thetermd
and conditions ot said contract to the route between St.
Thomas and the ports aforesaid, according to the condi-
tions therein stipulated.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the two Govern-
ments fehall be entitled to have transported, free of ex-
pense, on each and every steamer, a mail agent to take
charge of and arrange the mail matter, to whom suitable
accommodations foi that purpose s>hall be assigned.
I have in my possession some statistics in re-
gard to the trade of Venezuela, but I have not got
them with me. I have heie, however, a contract
which has been entered into by the Government
of Venezuela with some citizens of the United
States in regard to facilities for emigration and
mail facilities between the United States and Ven-
ezuela. It is proposed by the bill which has been
passed by the House of Representatives and is
now before the Senate to pay a subsidy of I be-
lieve $150,000 a year for opening a line of com-
munication between the United States and Brazil.
This line will run by the island of St. Thomas.
The original bill provides that the Postmaster
General may enter into this arrangement, pro-
vided a similar arrangement be entered into by
the Government of Brazil. Now, this amendment
proposes to extend the amount $50,000 to estab-
lish a line to Venezuela, connecting at the island
of St. Thomas with the line from New York to
Brazil. The only difference between the two cases
is that the Government of Venezuela has already
made the offerand entered into a contract. I have
tiie papeis in my hand. If it is wise and proper
to grant a subsidy of $150,000 in order to open a
business with Brazil, itis also wise, I apprehend,
to vote a smaller sum in order that we may be
enabled to control the trade of Venezuela. I have
some very interesting statistics on this subject
which I did not bring to the Senate with me, not
knowing that the bill would come up to-day. If
the theory of the bill is correct I do not sec why
it does not apply to the amendment. I suppose
there will be really very little objection to the
amendment, and I shall not consume time by
speaking upon it.
Mr. COLLAMER. When we have a partic-
ular measure in hand and believe it to be well
founded and of importance to the country, and
when it has been approved and passed by one
House of Congress, it is very embarrassing to
have another project thiust upon it by way of
amendment, no matter what its merit may be.
If it has so much merit, it can certainly go in a
bill by itself, without being made to ride another
bill which has already passed through one House
and been there fully considered.
I do not desire to say very much in relation to
the proposition to establish a line to Venezuela.
I do not say that ithas notsome meritin it, but it
is infinitely less important than a line to Brazil.
But that is not the main difficulty. I made some
remarks the other day in relation to the true merit
of the proposed enterprise. I had but very little
attention then; I have still less now; 1 did not
expect much attention to it; but there are one or
two features that btar on the amendment now
proposed.
In the first place, in initiating anew the giving
of subsidies to steam lines, (of the merit of which
I have already spoken, and it is probably not
very important to repeat what has been said,) two
or three features were considered as important to
be incorporated into the measure, distinguishing
it from the former experiments. One is that when
we enter upon the grant of a subsidy for a steam
line, it should go to a country which will join us
in the experiment, so that we have a greater ex-
pectation of success. Again, all the former con-
tracts for mail steamship service with the Collins,
line, and the Sloo line, and the Harris line, and
all the different lines we had, were set up under
acts of Congress which wer€ granted personally
to the individuals by nam?—favors granted, if
they were favors, to particular companies or par-
ticular men or particular sets of men named in
the bill. This constituted a great objection to
those enterprises. In order to avoid'all this in
the setting up of this enterprise to Brazil, the Mil
particularly contains provision that the Brazilian
Government shall contribute its proportion with
th is Government to the sustaining of the line; arid
it is also provided that the matter shall be public,
and bids shall be invited by advertisements in tho
various cities, so that opportunity shall be given
to full and fair and free competition. These two
important featuies, which are different from those
that characterized the lines formerly set up, are
regarded as very important in this measure, and
without thom it is not expected that it will pass.
In this shape it has been passed by the House of
Representatives.
A word now in relation to the amendment pro-
posed by the Senator from Minnesota. In the
first place, it is introducing a third party. The
bill as passed by the House of Representatives
proposes that two Governments, Brazil and.the
United States, shall be the parties to sustain this
enterprise. It is now proposed to put in a third
party, the Venezuelan Government. This is what
is commonly called the tertium quid, the third
quality, the disturbing thing in the measure, de-
feating the simplicity of the original enterprise,
which was thought important to its success.
There is still another objection. The gentle-
man states, and indeed has it in this amendment,
that a contract has been entered into between the
Venezuelan Government and certain individuals,
I do not know that he named them, in New York.
1 do not know by what authority a consul can
bind his Government by any such treaty as that.
Consuls have no power to make treaties and con-
tracts, and I do not understand that this has been
done by any authority but the Venezuelan con-
sul.
Mr. WILKINSON. He was authorized di-
rectly to do it by his Government.
Mr. COLLAMER. That was not stated be-
fore.
Mr. WILKINSON. Tjie Government author-
ized him to make the contract.
Mr. COLLAMER. Suppose that to be so.
You will observe the moment you put this propo-
sition into this bill, the only men who can bid for
the proposed service are the men who have got
this contract. It does not do any good to have
the offer set up for all the world to come in and
compete and bid, because these men are the only
men who have the contract; they shut out every-
body else. Of course that important feature of
the bill intended to throw it open entirely to pub-
he competition is utterly defeated by this amend-
ment.
I do not wish to say any more about it or take
more time on the amendment. I have stated my
objections. I will say further that it was before
the committee, fully considered by the committee,
and not entertained by them.
Mr. WILKINSON. The Senate is very thin,
and I should like to have the amendment printed
and not have the vote taken on this proposition
until there are more members in the Senate, and I
ask that the bill may go over and the amendment
be printed. I do not want to delay this bill. Iam
willing to take it up to-morrow morning.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have no sort of objec-
tion to that arrangement, provided the gentleman
will be in and help me to get it up.
Mr. WILKINSON. 1 will do so at any time
to-morrow.
Mr. COLLAMER. I cannot succeed alone
here, and especially when 1 have to wait for him
to come in in the morning to get any chance to
get at it. If the gentleman will help me to get it
up, I shall have no objection.
Mr. WILKINSON. 1 will help to have it up
to-morrow or at any time.
The amendment was ordered to be printed, and
the motion to postpone the bill until to-morrow
was agreed to.
RETIREMENT 02 NAVAL OFFICERS.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move to take up Senate bill
No. 253, which has been unanimously reported
by the Naval Committee.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
