262
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
IN SENATE.
Tuesbay, January 19, 1864.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
CREDENTIALS PRESENTED.
Mr. JOHNSON presented the credentials of
Hon. Thomas Holuday Hicks, elected by the
Legislature of Maryland to fill the vacancy occa-
sioned by the death of Hon. James Alfred Pearce.
The credentials were read; the oaths prescribed
by law were administered to Mr. Hicks, and he
took his seat in the Senate.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented a petition of as-
sistant assessors under the direct tax and internal
revenue laws, in the State of Illinois, prayingfor
an increase of their compensation; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. HARDING presented the memorial of
Theodore J. Eckeison, military storekeeper in
the ordnance department of the United States
Army, praying that the military storekeepers of
the ordnance department, being commissioned
officers of the Army, shall have rank correspond-
ing with the rank to winch their pay is Highest
assimilated; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. COWAN presented eleven petitions of citi-
zens of Pennsylvania, praying for the increase of
the pay of the non-commissioned officers and pri-
vates now in the service, or hereafter to be mus-
tered into service as volunteers during the war;
which were referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of Henry
C. Whither and other Massachusetts volunteers,
who enlisted into the service of the United States
for the term of nine months in the autumn of 186:2,
praying for a bounty of twenty-fivedollars; which
was referred to the Committee on Military Allaire
and the Miiitia.
Mr, CONNESS presented a petition of citizens
of Aitzona Territory and of the southern coun-
ties of California, playing for the establishment
of a mail unite from San Bernardino, California,
to La Paz, in the Territory of Arizona; which
was referred to the Committee on Post Offices ami
Post iioads.
Mi. JOHNSON presented a memorial of the
religious Society of Friends, of New Yoik, piuy-
nig for exemption from military service; which
was ordeied to lie on the table.
Lie also presented the memorial of Samuel
Chase IJurney, praying that inquiry may be made
into the causes of his dismissal from the naval
sci vice; which was leferivd to the Committee on
Naval Allaiis.
UKPOtiTS FROM CO MM ITT K10,S.
Mr. SIJMM Kll, fiom the Committee on For-
eign Relations, to whom was leferred a message
fi om the Piesnlent of I he United States, ! i an.sm it-
ting a report of the commissioner in leladon to
claims of Peruvian citizens, submitted a report ac-
companied by n bill (S. No. 65) to provide for tin*
payment of the claims of Pei uvian citizens under
the convention between the United Slates and Pet u
of the 12th of January, 1863. The lull was lead ,
and parsed to a second reading.
Mi. FlvSSKNDFN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom wto lefened vorious petitions
fiom inspeetois of the customs, praying for an
MieivMfle of I heir compensation, u-pui lul a bill (S.
No. GO) to ineiease th" compensation of inspect-
ors of custom:? m cettain pons; winch was read,
and passed to a second leading.
Mr. NliiSiMlTH, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Allans and the Militia, to whom was re-
ferred a joint resolution (S. No. Jl) of thanks
to Major Ueneial George H. Thomas, and the
officers and men who fought under his command
at the battle of Chickamauga, reported it without
amendment.
Mr. IllCKS, fiom the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred a joint resolution
(S. No. J9) of thanks of Cong ress to Commo-
dore Cadwallader Ringgold, the officers and crew
of the United States ship Sabine, reported it with-
out amendment.
Mr. HALE. I am instructed by the Commit-
tee on Naval Affair.*, to whom was referred a bill
(S. No. 8) to cncourage enlistments in the naval
service of the United States, and to credit enlisted
men to the military quotas of the respective States
of which they are citizens, to report the same
back with a recommendation that the bill be in-
definitely postponed. The reason for theiccom-
mendation is that the essential provisions of this
bill have been incorporated into the enrollment
bill which has been passed by the Senate. 1 ask
for the present consideration of the report.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New Hampshire asks the unanimous consent of
the Senate to consider the bill at the-presenttime.
The Chair hears no objection; and the bill is be-
fore the Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
Its readingin detail will bedispensed with,if there
be no objection.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill is still
open to amendment. No amendment being of-
fered , the question is on the motion of the Senator
from New Hampshire that the further consider-
ation of the bill be indefinitely postponed.
The motion was agieed to.
INSANE PATIENTS.
Mr. GRIMES. The Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom was referred a bill
(S. No. 49) relating to the admission of patients
to the hospital for the insane in the District of
Columbia, have instructed me to report it back
with an amendment, and to recommend its pas-
sago. If there be no other business with which it
will interfere, as it is a very small matter, and it
is very desirable the bill should pass at an early
day, 1 ask the unanimous consent of the Senate
to consider it at the present time.
There being no objection, the bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It proposes
to authoiize the Secretary of the Interior, in his
discretion, during the present war, to admit into
the Government hospital for the insane such
transient insane peisonx as may be found in the
Distiut of Columbia without the means of sup-
poit, to be there detained until they can be sent
to their fi lends or proper places of residence;
th" steps pielimniary to their admission to be the
sumo, except as to the affidavit of residence at the
time they became insane, as are required in the
case of indigent persons who became insane while
residing in the District of Columbia.
The amendment was to insert after the word
" residence," where it first occurred, the woids,
" under the direction of the said Secretary of the
interior, whose duty it shall be to provide there-
for."
The amendment was agreed to.
The hill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
and w.w read the thiid time, and passed.
ISRAEL C. WAIT.
Mr. CLARK. The Committee on Claims, to
whom was referred the bill (S. No. 34) in favor
o! the legal representatives of Israel C. Wait, have
considered that matter, and directed me to report
it back to the Senate with an amendment; and, as
the bill is a vei y shui tone and m free fiom doubt,
1 a'-de lot its pic&ent consideration.
Theiv being no objection, the Senate as in Com-
mit t<>e of i he Whole proceeded to consider the
bill, winch directs the Secretaiy of the Tieasury
to pay to the legal representatives of Israel C. l!
Wait, late lieutenant in the United States Navy, 1
the sum of ,500, that, being the amountof an un- '!
pan! balance due hnn under the act ot March 3, !
iH.>7.
The Committee on Claims reported the bill with ;;
an amendment to snike out the words "March 3, 'I
1857," and to insert "January 1G, 1857, entitled \]
'An act to amend an actentitled " An act to pro- jj
mote the efficiency of the Navy.'"' i'
'Tin1 amendment was agreed to. J
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended, 'j
and the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. FOSTER. The bill speaks of an amount |
of money due this officer under a law. If it was 'j
due to htm under a law, I wish to inquire why he J
could not receive it, why it was not paid to himr ij
Mr. CLARK. I will state—and 1 am obliged )i
to the Senator for calling the attention of the Sen- l!
ate to it—thcie was an appropriation in 1857 out
of which this claim could have been paid; but the 1
timchasgoneby and that appropriation has lapsed „
and gone into the surplus fund, and there ia no
money now in the Treasury out of which it can
be paid. It is standing due to him on the books
of the Department, and is clearly due, but they
want the funds out of which to pay it.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
MESSAGE PROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the House of Representatives had agreed to the
concurrent resolution of the Senate for the ap-
pointment of a joint committee on the conduct of
the war, with an amendment, in which it requested
the concurrence of the Senate.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed an
enrolled bill (S. No. 50) to authorize the Presi-
dent to appoint a Second Assistant Secretary of
War; which thereupon received the signature of
the Vice President.
MAIL CONTRACTS IN MISSOURI.
Mr. HENDERSON submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Postmaster General be requested to
communicate to the Senate all the facts connected with
the contineis of Messrs. Shepherd and Caldwell to carry
the mail, ou certain routes uumbeied 8818,8819, 8849, and
8875, in the State of Missouri, and all p.ipeis connected
with the suspension of said contracts.
BILLS INTRODUCED
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained r leave to introduce a bill (S. No. G7)
for establishing rules and articles for the govern-
ment of the aimies of the United States; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to tjje
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. MORGAN, in pursuance of previous no
ttce, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 68) to facilitate proceedings in admiralty
and other judicial proceedings in the port of New
York, and for other purposes; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
BOUNTIES TO VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. WILKINSON. I gave notice yesterday
that I should to-day ask leave to introduce a joint
resolution extending the benefits of the bounty
granted by the act of July 22,1861, to certain sol-
diers who entered the service of the United States
piior to May 3, 1861. I now ask leave to intro-
duce the joint resolution, and I ask that it may be
acted upon to-day without a reference.
Leave was granted to introduce the joint resolu-
tion.
Mr. WILKINSON. I wish to state that the
first Minnesota regiment was mustered into the
service ofthe United States under the original proc-
lamation of the President of April 15, 1861, for
three months. It was mustered in on the 29th of
Apiil, 1861, a very short time after the proclama-
tion. On the 3d of May, 1861, four days after the
regiment was mustered into the service, the Pr< si-
dent issued another proclnmation calling out three
hund red thousand troops for three years or during
the war. The Secretary of War sent a dispatch
to the Governor of Minnesota that he could not
receive this regiment for so short a time, as the
expense of transportation in bringing them here
would be too great, but that if the regiment would
consent to serve for three years orduijng the war
they would be ordered on to Washington. The
regiment consented, every man of them, to go.in
under the proclamation of May 3, 1861, and they
came here and have served in this army from that
time to this. The regiment has been in twenty-
five battles—at the first Bull Run, at Conrad's
Ferry, at Rail's Bluff, at Winchester, at West
Point, at Fair Oaks, at Savage Station, at both
battles of Malvern Hill, at Antiefam, at South
Mountain, at Gettysburg, at Haymarket, at Bi is-
tow Station, and in seveial smaller engagements.
The Solicitor ofthe War Department has made
this decision—it is a very strange one—"but a
volunteer soldier enlisted prior to date of the Pres-
ident's proclamation of May 3,1861, and of Gen-
eral Order No. 15, May 4, 1861, is not entitled to
bounty of :JiOO under act of July 22, 1861," &c.
I understand that the Solicitor of the War De-
