1308
THE CONGRESSIONAL ©LOBE.
March 26,
ton; our minister in Prance, written the 22d of
April, 1861, after the fall of Fort Sumter, and
when the war was raging. And it should be ob-
served that this letter not only passed under the
eye of the President, but Mr. Seward states ex-
pressly that he wrote it under the President's
directions. It is, therefore, to be taken as the
words and sentiments t>f the President himself.
After referring to the fact that the fraraeraof our
Government did not expect -the abrupt termina-
tion: of slavery, he says:
t( They therefore placed the entire control of slavery be-
yond the control of the Federal authorities, by leaving it to
remain subject to the exclusive management and disposi-
tion of th,e States themselves, and fortified it there with a
ptorisioirfortfre return of fugitives From labor and service."
And again in the same letter he says:
" The condition of slavery in the several States will re-
main 'just the same, whether it [the revolutlbn] succeed
ot fait. There is not even a pretextforihe complaint that
the disaffected States are to be conquered by the United
States if the revolution fail; for the rights of the States, and
the condition of every human being in them, will remain sub-
ject to exactfythe same laws and forms of administration,
whether the revolution shall succeed or whether it shall
fail." * * * * "ft is hardly necessary to add
to this incontestable statement the further fact that the
new President, .is wfl.l as the citizens through whose suf-
frages he has come into the Administration, has always re-
pudiated all designs whateverand whenever imputed to him
and them, of disturbing the system of slavery as it is exist-
ing under the Constitution and laws. The case, however,
would not be fully presented if I were to omit to say that
any such effort on kis part would be unconstitutional; and all
kisacf-ions in that direction would he prevented by the judicial
authority, even though they were assented to by Congress
and the people."
Mr. Chairman, it is thus shown, by the Pres-
ident's own carefully prepared ami published doc-
uments, that slavery was so securely guarded and
fortified by the Constitution, that the very idea
that he could ever be brought to interfere with or
disturb it was met and repelled by him as a slan-
der on himself and party. It is here declared
impossible under the Constitution that any sin-
gle slave could ever be emancipated by the war,
however it might terminate; for the condition of
all the slaves, "of every human being," was to re-
main the same, subject to the same laws, whether
the revolution should succeed or fail* Sir, it was
not only declared by the President in his inau-
gural address that he had no constitutional power
to interfere, either directly or indirectly, with sla-
very in the States, but here again in the letter I
have read he solemnly declared and published to
the American people and to the world, after the
war was progressing, that any effort on his part
to disturb the institution of slavery in the States
would be unconstitutional—so undoubtedly and
clearly so, that all his actions in that direction
would be prevented by judicial authority, even
though they were assented to by Congress and the
people. But yet, sir, thissamePresidenthas since
then proclaimed the emancipation of every slave
in the southern States—those belonging to loyal
men as well us the rest. And he has sanctioned
an act of Congress emancipating in the loyal bor-
der slave'States all the slaves who may be drafted
or who can be induced to volunteer and join the
• Army. Sir, this high-handed and open violation
of the Constitution* does not rest alone on the
plain reading of the instrument itself, nor on
the high authority of such men as Webster, but
riSf> 0,1 testimony of the President himself.
He has dared to do the very acts denounced by
himself as palpable and flagrant violations of the
Constitution, and stands out before the world self-
accused, self-convicted, and self-condemned.
Mr. Chairman, the friends and supporters of
the President in Congress have sustained and de-
fended and by their legislation aided him in these
acts, so that they are involved with him in all
these lawless and revolutionary measures. But
Congress has made a record of its own on this
subject, to which I will now for a few moments
appeal. After some of the States had seceded,
and as late as the 11th day of February, 1861, a
Republican Congress, with the rebellion starm°-
them in the face, passed the resolution which X
now read:
"Resolved, Thatneithcrthe Congress of the United States
nor the people or govern menu of the non-slaveholdmg States
have the constitutional right to legislate upon or interfere
Willi slavery i n any of the sfaveholding States in the Union."
The present Speaker, and many of the leading
Republican members now of this House, were
members then of that Congress, and all voted for
this resolution. They passed it by a unanimous
vote. The proposition was regarded as too clear
to admit of the slightest doubt or question, and
no single voice was raised against it. You have
thus declared by your own solemn and recorded
act that to interfere with or legislate upon the sub-
ject of slavery in the States is a violation of the
Constitution, and consequently of the oath to sup-
port it. And yet, sir, a large portion of the time
of this and of the last Congress has been consumed
in legislating upon this very subject. You have
passed laws to emancipate slaves in the southern
States. By your legislation you have inaugurated
a system of emancipation in all the border States,
by emancipating all the slaves you may choose
to enroll and draft, and all who can be seduced
from their homes to volunteer in the Armjr. My
charge, that you have violated the Constitution
according to your own interpretation df its mean-
ing, is established. Out of your own mouths
and by your own testimony I prove and fasten it
upon you.
Mr. Chairman, on the subject of fugitive slaves
the President in his inaugural address said:
"There is mllcli controversy about the delivering up of
fugitives from service or labor. The clause I now read
is as plainly written in the Constitution as any other of
its provisions: 'No person held to service or labor in one
State, under the laws thereof, escaping into another, shall,
in consequence of any law or regulation therein, be dis-
charged lrom sucli service or Tabor, but shall be delivered
up on claim of the party to whom such service or labor may
he dlie.' It is scarcely questioned that this, provision was
intended by those who made it for the reclaiming of what
we call fugitive slaves; and the intention of the lawgiver
is the law. AH members of Congress swear their support
to the whole Constitution, to this provision as much as to
any other. To the proposition, then, that slaves whose
cases come within the terms of this clause 'shall be deliv-
ered up,' tlicir oaths are unanimous." * * * *
" And should any one, in any case, be content that his oath
shall go unkept?"
But yet, sir, you have not only bills pending
to repeal the fugitive slave law, but you have by
law made it a high offense for any officer in the
Army to surrender a fugitive slave. And by the
proclamations of the President no fugitive slave
can ever be delivered up. Though the President,
as well as all members of Congress, swear their
support to this provision of the Constitution, and
though their oaths are unanimous that the fugi-
tive slave " shall be delivered up," still you and
your President, in the face of all this, have, by
law and by proclamations, openly abrogated,
nullified, and set aside this plainly written pro-
vision of the Constitution, and have unanimously
decreed and ordained that " the oath shall go un-
kept," however heavily it may press upon the
conscience. And, sir, let no abolitionist seek to
evade the issue I make by pouring forth a torrent
pf indiscriminate abuse of slavery and slavehold-
ers. It would be an easy matterlo meet and re-
fute all such slang. Some of the greatest and
best men the world ever saw were slaveholders.
Many of the heroes of the Revolution, and many
of the patriots and sages who formed our Con-
stitution, were slaveholders. Washington, the
Father of his Country, was a large slaveholder.
Knt, sir, when abolitionists seek to hide their
criminal violations of the Constitution by spit-
ting their venom on the tomb of Washington, and
by profaning his memory with low and vulgar
abuse of slaveholders, they deserve only to be
met with scorn and contempt. You might as well
reason with insanity or cast pearls before swine.
I am not arguing the abstract question of slavery,
I am pressing home upon the President and his
supporters, by their own testimony and by their
own acts, the high offense of having violated and
trampled under foot the Constitution of their
country. If slavery should fall, it will fall in
consequence of the overthrow and fall of the Con-
stitution, the last and only hope of the liberty of
the white race.
Mr. Chairman, on the 22d day of July, 1861,
the day after the disastrous battle of Bull Run,
Congress passed what is known as the Crittenden
resolution, in which it is declared:
" That this war !-< not waged upon our part in any spirit
of oppression, nor for any puipose of conquest or subjuga-
tion, nor purpose of overthrowing or interfering with the
rights or established institutions of the States, but lo de-
fend and maintain the supremacy of the Constitution, and
to preserve the Union with all the dignity, equality, and
rights of the several States unimpaired."
This resolution was passed by an almost unani-
mous vote, only two members voting against it.
It immediately received the sanction and approval
of the President. This resolution disavows all
designs and purposes of emancipation, or inter-
fering with the institutions of the States. It was
on the part of the President and Congress an au-
thoritative declaration, a public and solemn pledge
made to the whole country, that the war should
be prosecuted to maintain the Constitution and
preserve the Union, and to maintain and preserve
unimpaired the established institutions of the
States, and for no other purpose or object what-
ever. It had a most wonderful and happy effect.
It at once united all loyal hearts. It was the loyal
battle-cry of " the Constitution as it is and the
Union as it was;" and under its inspiring influ-
ence there was a sublime and responsive uprising
of the whole people; thousands upon thousands
of brave volunteers, more than you wanted or
could receive, rushed to your standard, ready to
peril their lives and pour out their blood in defe nse
of these principles.
The people at that time believed you were hon-
est and sincere in the avowal then made of your
war policy; they did not think it possible there
ceula be any abolition designs concealed under
it. But, sir, when you had gathered a large and
gallant army under that pledge, and had the reins
of power in your hands, the abolition mask was
thrown off and that wise policy, with the cause of
the Union, repudiated and abandoned. That gal-
lant army was deceived and betrayed; your sol-
emn pledge was violated; and the brave soldiers
gathered under it were forced, with the death pen-
alty of desertion staring them in the face, into a
war for the abolition of slavery, the overthrow
of State institutions, laws, and constitutions; a
war to break up and destroy the Union and es-
tablish an abolition despotism on its ruins. Mr.
Chairman, that change of policy and violation of
plighted faith had their natural effect. Before
then the people of the loyal States in the North
were united, the South was divided. Large num-
bers of loyal men and strong Union feeling were
known to exist in nearly all the southern States.
Everything encouraged the hope of a speedy close
of the war and the restoration of the union. But
now the loyal people of the North saw they had
been deceived. They could no longer trust an
Administration that had shown itself faithless to
its own solemn pledges, faithless to the Consti-
tution, and faithless to them. Their hopes of
saving the Government and restoring the Union
through the agency of such an Administration
failed. Volunteers could no longer be induced to
fill up the f&llen ranks of the Army by the largest
bounties. The war had been perverted, and sol-
diers had to be forccd into the Army by the iron
rigors of conscription. The loyal men in the South
saw that they too had been deceived. They saw
all the predictions of secession leaders being rap-
idly fulfilled. /They saw the fell spirit of fanat-
icism controlling this Government, threatening
the utter destruction of their local institutions and
constitutional rights, and menacing them with ex-
termination. That Union feeling in the South,
that should have been nursed and strengthened
with the tenderest care, was rudely crushed and
murdered, and the arm of the rebellion reinvigor-
ated and made doubly strong. And thus was pre-
sented a divided North and a united South, with
the cause of the Union, once so bright, now
eclipsed and shrouded in darkness.
Mr. Chairman, these measures of the Adminis-
tration for the abolition of slavery were closely
connected with and followed by other unconstitu-
tional measures, all wet] suited and seemingly de-
signed to work out the same disastrous and ruin-
ous results to the Union. Your emancipation
measures were speedily followed by the policy of
arming the negroes for the destruction of their
masters. Next came your unconstitutional laws,
confiscating all the personal property of every
kind belonging to the people of the South who
were supposed to be connected with or had given
aid and comfort to the rebellion, and this without
judicial process,trial,or conviction of the supposed
offender. And then came yourproposition, urged
with fiery zeal and pressed through this House,
to confiscate absolutely and seize and dispossess
these people of all their houses and lands. And
all this was done, you say, to restore the Union;
done because you loved your erring brethren of
the South so tenderly that you could not bear to
be separated from them. You wanted to reclaim
and bring them back to their allegiance, to live
with you in harmony and friendship under the
same good old Government. But how perverse
