1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLGBfii
geants and corporalsareraised three dollars. The
corporals now have the same pay as the privates.
At the time we increased the pay of the privates
from eleven dollars to thirteen dollars a month
we did not increase the pay of the corporals; that
was then thirteen dollars; so they are now on the
same footing, and there has been great complaint
of it from that hour to this. We therefore now
put corporals at eighteen dollars a month. That
is, we add five dollars to them and to privates we
add three dollars, they having had two before.
That makes five dollars added to the privates' pay
from the commencement,so that the ratio between
the corporals and the privates will be the same as
it was at the commencement of the rebellion.
The amendment of the committee to the House
amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The commit-
tee further propose to amend the House amend-
ment by inserting several new sections after the
second section of the House amendment. The
first of these new sections will be read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Sec. 3. Jlndbe it farther enacted, That hereafter lations
Khali not be issued to soldiers sick in hospital, but commu-
tation of rations shall be allowed and p;ud into the hos-
pital fund, at the rate now established by l.uv, for each sol-
diei reported by the suigeon in charge as pick m hospital;
ami the leecipt of tile hurgeon in cimigc shall be u suffi-
cient voucher for the paymaster, or other disbursing offi-
cer, who may be charged with the payment of stich°co>u-
mutation: Provided, That the hospital luncl shall he de-
voted solely to the diet and maintenance of the nek and
wounded soldiers in such hospital: And provided further,
That the Silicon Geneial shall, with the appiov.il of the
Seeretaiy of War, establish li'guhmoiis lbi the accounta-
bility ot medical officcts having chaige of the hospital
fund. And any olftcoi who shall appropriate to his own
two, or shall misapply, anypoitiou ot a hospital fund, or
who shall make any fulsc report of the number of soldn-is
sick m hospital. shall, on conviction, be punished db a com t-
maruai or military commission may direct.
Mr. HOWE. I believe I have never voted
against a proposition of the Senator from Mas-
sachusettstouchingmilitary affairs. I do not re-
member that ever 1 did; but I must confess I am
very sorry to hear this proposition. Yet I am
not prepared to state the objections to it which I
really believe exist. I do understand, in a general
way, that this hospital fund has been so far in the
conduct of the war a mere matter of plunder.
Precisely how it is absorbed I am not prepared
to state. This proposition, I believe, is to com-
mute it, and to make the receipt of the surgeon
in charge of a hospital a sufficient voucher on
which the paymaster is to make his disburse-
ments. I should suppose that the effect of the
proposition would be to increase the hospital fund
and to lessen the security for its proper appropria-
tion. My understanding is that there is an ap-
propriation, the most liberal appropriation ever
made by any Government, to the medical depart-
ment of the Army for the support, and quite equal
to the support, of all our soldiers who require
medical attention, and that this hospital fund has
never furnished them any relief, and, in all human
probability, never will. I have an indistinct.rec-
ollection—some Senators will tell me how far I
am right and how far I am wrong—that within a
lew months past a suigeon connected with the
Army of the Potomac was tried before a court-
martial for the misappropriation of what has been
known as the hospital fond. The factof the mis-
appropriation was abundantly established, and
yet the judgment of the court was a judgment of
acquittal, because it was the usage of the Army,
and had been so long the usage of the Army that,
notwithstanding it was a violation of law, the sur-
geon ought not to be held guilty. I have read
such a story, and I cannot tell now who the officer
was or just where the trial took place; but my
convictions are so very strong that this hospital
fund has been a demoralizing agent, and one of the
greatest demoralising agents, found in the Army,
beating whisky all hollow, not saying who did
it—my convictions are so very strong on that
point that I am unwilling to see any step taken to-
ward nursing a hospital fund. Jf it were abolished
altogether, it these commutations were stopped,
and the soldier was turned over to the medical de-
partment to be supported while he is sick—and the
appropriations for thatpurpose, as I have already
said, 1 believe to be ample—I think it would be
better for the morals of the Army.
Mr. COLL AM ER. I presume, though I do
not know it, that the Senator from Wisconsin has
reference to the case of a surgeon of a New Hamp-
shire regiment, Dr. Thayer. I am acquainted
with that case, and I think the Senator from New
Hampshire will bear me out as to the facts of it,
which I am about to state. His regiment was
stationed up the river, no very greatdistance from
here, I believe, a year or more since, and the sur-
geon had on his hands some very sick men whom
he wanted to get off the ground. They had fever,
and he desired to get some boards that he might
make a board floor to his hospital tent, and also
make it secure against the wind blowing in. The
quartermaster could not furnish him with the
supplies necessary for this purpose. He then
went and purchased the boards and made a floor
and got his sick men off the ground and saved
their lives. When he got through, he consulted
with the brigade surgeon how he should manage
to get his money for the boards and nails and other
things used in doing that work. That officer said
he did not know any way of doing it unless by put-
ting them down as diet for the sick, as milk, chick-
ens, &c. The doctor put in the amount as diet
for the sick, and rendered his account in that way.
A year afterwards his account was looked up, and
somebody ascertained that there were boards
charged as diet. Complaint was made of the sur-
geon, and a court-martial tried him. It was shown
by the surgeon who directed him to do so, and
by the medical inspector, that he had been told
so to do, and he called half a dozen old surgeons
in the Army, who testified that that was the way
they always did it; that when it came to a case
of absolute necessity they took the money out of
the hospital fund in that manner. The court ac-
quitted the surgeon; but lo and behold! the Sec-
retary of War and those under him read over the
record, and they at once disapproved of the find-
ing of the court, and discharged the surgeon from
the service. We have succeeded since, through
the President, m replacing him. He is an hon-
orable gentleman in every respect, above all pos-
sibility of equivocation about anything. The
President was satisfied that the men's lives hid
been saved, and the account was all right and
straight, and though it was not actually diet for
the sick, it was that treatment of them which
saved their lives.
Mr. HALE. I will state, as I have been ap-
pealed to in this matter, that after Dr. Thayer
was dismissed 1 went with him to the President
and'atated the case. The President referred it to
Judge Holt, and Judge Holt investigated it; and
the evidence was thai he was a man of the high-
est character, both professionally and socially,
and Mr. Holt so found and regretted very much
the necessity which had led to his dismissal from
the servicc. There was, however, one point in
the evidence which was not entirely clear, and
that was that which the Senator from Vermont
has mentioned, that his superior officer, the brig-
ade surgeon, had recommended what was done
or was cognizant of it. Judge Holt suspended
his decision until that surgeon could be written
to. 1 believe he was then in Boston harbor. He
was written to and confirmed the statement of
Dr. Thayer, mid thereupon he was rtstored to
the service and restored to his position in his
regiment.
Mr. POMEROY. I desire to ask whetherthis
change as to the commutation of rations ns pro-
posed applies to all the temporary hospitals, all
the new ones we have established, or only to the
permanent hospitals? The value of the ration is
different in different localities. In some places I
can conceive that a commutation of this kind may
be valuable and of great servicc and utility, while
there may be other sections of the country, and
especially in the temporary hospitals, where the
commutation might not be desirable. If a change,
in this regard is had, I want to know whether it
is going to be sweeping throughout the entire
country, the value of the ration being different in
different places.
Mr. WILSON. On the recommendation of
the commissary and quartermaster depaitments,
after a very careful investigation by the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, it was decided that we !
should change the ration of the soldier from the j
one established in 38G1 to the one existing at the j
opening of the war, and that it would save to the j
Government about two dollars o month. We j
found that the existing ration was too large, that \
a great deal was wasted, that the company fund i
came to nothing, and the benefit of it did not go 1
to the soldier; but fry changing the ration ai«l
paying to the soldier the two dollars a month he
would have twenty-four dollars a year for
self. We thought this would be a benefit to the
soldier. - -
Not wishing to do anything without carefal ex-
amination of it, we sent this proposition1,tov the
Surgeon General. A letter came from him agpree-
ing to the general change, but saying that in re-
gard to the hospitals the present ration hardly
furnished enough to get along for the benefit of
the sick men; and therefore, in order not to re-
duce the ration of the soldiers in the hospitals, as
it was hardly enough to get along with now, as
they had to draw these rations ana they were not
fit to be used by sick men, but had to be sold back
to the Governmentand the money taken and other
articles purchased such as they needed, we have
declared that instead of dm wing the ration they
may commute it at the rates established by law,
and I believe it will be just to the country. There
will be no more opportunity for a dishonest sur-
geon to do wrong then than now, because he can
draw his rations; he is the judge; he can Jet them
go back again, sell them to the Government and
take what money he pleases,and in vest that money
for such articles as sick men need, and in many
of our hospitals we use but very little of the ra-
tions. The form of drawing the rations is gone
through, and they are sold back to the Govern-
ment and the money taken at the established rates.
This provision does not reduce the rations of the
sick men, but commutes them at the existing
price, and the money will be invested under the
existing guards and restrictions, and we have, too,
here a stronger restriction than has ever existed
before. I think under this section the surgeons
in the hospitals arc under greater restrictions than
they now are, and I believe it will be for the real
benefit of the sick soldier, and we put it in for
that purpose.
Mr. POMEROY. I understand it is not left
optional with the surgeon in charge to commute
these rations; but if this amendment prevails it
is obligatory on him; he is obliged to do it.
Mr. WILSON. Yes.
Mr. HOWE. 1 rise for the purpose of saying
two things: first, that I did not introduce the
name of Dr. Thayer into this debate. 1 alluded
to a case which I had seen stated in the papers;
the name of the surgeon who was said to be court-
martialed I did not remember, and do not now.
Whether the case I read is the case which has
been lecited here by the Senator from Vermont,
I am sure I have not the slightest idea. So I rri'ust
not be understood as having made any attack on
Dr. Thayer. He may be a very respectable man
foraught I know. I know a great many medical
gentlemen connected with the Army are respect-
able men. The facts asserted in the papers were
that the medical officer was tried before a court-
martial for a misappropriation of the hospital
fund, and the fact of misappropriation was estab-
lished by abundant proof, but the verdict was
ci not guilty,M because such misappropriations
were part of the common law, so to speak, of the
Army. So much for the newspapers. I do not
assert the fact to be so; but it tallied so exactly
with information I had received from private
sources of the usage in reference to this fund
that it madean impression on my mind. Perhaps
I have not thought of it in the Senate before to-
day.
The Senatorfrom Massachusetts tells us that
they found they could save two dollars per month
by changing the ration'of the soldier from what
it was made by the law of 3861 to what it had
been prior to that law; that the officer at the head
of the medical department did not agree to it be-
cause he had found that the ration awarded by the
Governmentto the support ofa well,active, labor-
ing soldier was not equal to the sustenance of a
sick man. I think the appropriation made to that
department for the suppoit of the sick amounts
to about seven dollars per month. The Senator
from Indiana [Mr. Lane] shakes his head, and
that makes me think I am wrong, but still I think
I am right. Including the deficiency, the sum
appropriated to that department equals seven dol-
lars per month to everyone of the sick. That is
my impression about it. That is independent of
the ration; and yet the Surgeon General informs
the chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs
that it is necessary to have for a sick soldier, in
