mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
road may-bededared a pasta! and military roadj
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
He also presented the memorial of James ft.
GUiinter,praying for compensation for services
rendered,in recruiting volunteers for the first regi-
ment District of Columbia volunteers, and com-
pany IC of thefirat regiment Maryland volunteers;
which was referred-to the Committee on Claims.
J?Je also presented the memorial of J. W. Bar-
naclo, justice of thppeace of Washington county,
District of Columbia, praying for ihe payment of
fees for swearing volunteers into the service of the
'United States"; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. MORGAN presented the memorial of F.
Gu^tavusFinckeand,others ofNew Yojk, praying
for the passage of an act declaring slaveholding in
til© United States to be a criminal offense, and
providing forits punishment; which was referred
to the select committee on slavery and freedom.
Mr. WILLEY presented a petition of citizens
of the District of Columbia, praying for a grant
of lands to the county of Washington for the ben-
efit of common schools, and to aid in the estab-
lishment of an industrial normal school with a
library and lecture-room attached; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the District of Colum-
bia.
Mr. SUMNER presented two petitions of citi-
zens of Philadelphia, praying for the emancipation
of all persons hold to involuntary service or labor
in the United States; which were referred to the
select committee on slavery and freedmen.
Mr. CLARK presented a memorial of the pres-
ident and directors of the Contoocook River rail-
road, remonstrating against I he extension ofGood-
y ear's patent for the manufacture of vulcanizcd
India rubber; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Patents and the Patent Office.
He also presented a petition of citizens of Ports-
mouth, Now Hampshire, praying for the con-
struction of a ship canal around the falls of Ni-
agara; which was referred to the .Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a memorial of offi-
cers of national banks of Cincinnati, Ohio, re-
monstrating against any amendment of the bnnk-
•ing law by which it shall be made compulsory for
national banks to redeem their circulation in the
city of'New York; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
JIISPOIITS FROM COMMITTERS.
_ Mr. WADE, from the Committee 011 Territo-
ries, to whom was referred a bill (II. 11. No. 15)
to provide a temporary government for the Ter-
ritory of Montana, reported it without amend-
ment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (H. R. No. 14|) to enable the
people of Nebraska to form a constitution and
State government, and for the admission of such
State into the Union on an c^ual footing with the
original States, reported it without amendment.
Mr. FOOT, fro m the Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the report of the Commis-
sioner of Pensions with instructions to inquire
what additional facilities, if any, are necessary to
secure the prompt payment of claims of pension-
ers, rcpoited a mil (S. No. 199) relating to the
compensation of pension agents; which was read,
and passed to a second rending,
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia, who were instructed to
inquire into the facts connected with the exam-
ination, by a hoard of olliceis appointed by the
quartermaster's department, into the alleged ad-
van tnges of concentrated feed for horses and mules
in the cavalry service, and whether any report
favorable to its adoption was made, andifso, why
the said feed has not been used in the service, sub-
mitted a report; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. HARLAN, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to whom was referred a bill (H. R.
No. 103) for the reliefof Nathaniel McLean, Rich-
ard G. Murphy, and Charles E. Fiandreau, sub-
mitted an adverse report; which was ordered to
be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
■was refei rod a letter of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, transmitting a communication from the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs, showing the amount
<3ue to the Quupaw tribe of Indians, under tieaty
stipulations, and recommending an appropriation
of the amount to be applied to the'payment of
expenses incident to their removal from Kansas,
submitted an adverse report; which was ordered
to be printed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a Ijill (S. No.
200) for a grant of lands to the State,'of Kansas
to aid in the construction of the Osage and Cot-
tonwood Valley railroad in said State\ which was
read twice by.its title, and referred t,o the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
201) relating to the Military Academy; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. CHANDLER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (§. No.
202) making an appropriation for the Ottawa and
Chippewa Indians, of Michigan; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
Mr. CONNESS asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
203) authorizing a grant to the State of Califor-
nia of the Yosemite valley, and of the land em-
bracing the Mariposa Big Tree Grove; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. WILLEY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
204) providing for the formation of corporations
and regulating the same in the District of Colum-
bia; which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on the District of Columbia, and
ordered to be printed.
SKAMKN imt TUB NAVY.
Mr. GRIMES submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
That the Secretary of the Navy lie directed to
infotm Hie .Senate how many, if any, seamen or ordinary
seamen have been tianslerred from the Army to the Navy;
how many venseln-of-war >ue now awaiting complement?
of men, and what 1'iutlier legislation is necessary in order
to supply any deficiency of men foi the naval service winch
now exist*.
lmiDGINd Ol? STREAMS.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, submitted the follow-
ing rosoluiion; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and ngreod to:
J2cf<o!rcd, That the Committee on jMilit.uy Aflan-sbo in-
stiueted to inquire into the expediency of making an ap-
planation tor (nidging the Mieams on the military road
between Kort Leavenworth and Fort .Scott m Karnes,and
between Fort Scott and Fort Smith m the State ol Arkansas.
HUNTING OF A BILL.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, it was
Orilwl, That the bill (S. No. 170) to ptomote the effi-
ciency ol the artillery of the Anny of the United States
bepiinted.
HUNTING OF A IU3PORT.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. There is a report on
the tablo from the Secretary of the Interior, on
the subjcct of the expenses of the southern In-
dian suporintenclency. I move that it be printed
and refericd to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLK subsequently said: There
was a motion made this morning to print some
documents. I desire to move to reconsider the
vote by which they were ordered to be printed,
until they can be examined by the Committee
on Indian Affairs oi be referred to the Committee
on Printing. There is a large mass of them, and
I presume it would be very expensive to print
them. I therefore move the reconsideration of*
the order, with a view of having it referred to the
Committee on Printing.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to; and
the motion topiinlwas referred to the Committee
on Printing.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the Speaker of the House ofReprescntatives had
signed the following enrolled bills; which were
thereupon signed by the Vice President:
A bill (S. No. 34) in favor of the legal repre-
sentatives of Israel C. Wait; and
A bill (S. No. 105) for the relief of E. F. and
Samuel A. Wood-. f
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United^
States, by Mr. Hay, hisSecretary renounced that
the Presidenthad approved and signed on the 25th
instant the following act and joint resolution :
An act (S. No. 25) to authorize the President
to negotiate a treaty with the Klamath, Modoc,
and other Indian tribes in southeastern Oregon*,
and
A joint resolution (S. No. 31) authorizing the
issue of a register to the steamer Mohawk.
revolutionary pensions.
Mr. FOSTER. The Committee on Pensions-,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 312) to
increase the pension of the revolutionary pension-
ers now on the rolfs of the Pension Office, have
instructed me to report it back, with a recommend-
ation that it pass; and, as the youngest man con-
cerned in this bill is ninety-four years old and the
oldest one hundred and five, I am instructed by
the committee to ask of theSenate itspresent con-
sideration. It is a very short bill.
By unanimous consent the bill was considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It provides for
the payment of $100 per annum to the surviving
soldiers of the Revolution, now on the pension
rolls, during their natural lives, in addition to the
pensions to winch they are entitled under former
acts of Congress; this payment to date from and
commence on the 1st,day of January, 1864, and
to cease at their death.
Mr. FOSTER. To make the bill certain—I
think there is a little uncertainty in it—I move to
amend it by inserting in the fifth line, after the
word " to," the words " each of." As itstands
I think that, strictly construed, it may be held to
provide for the payment of $100 to the whole
twelve. Of course the meaning is that it shall be
$100 to each, and therefore I move the amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The words pro-
posed by the Senator will be iriserted^if there be
no objection. The Chair hears none.
The bill Was reported to the Semite, and the
amendment was concurred in. The amendment
was ordered to beengrossed and the bill to be read
a third time. The bill was read the third time>
and passed. «
CALIFORNIA LAND TITLES.
Mr. CARLILE. I move that the Senate post-
pone all prior orders, and take up for considera-
tion the bill (S. No. 109) to expedite the settle-
ment of titles to land in the State of California.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill. The Committee on Public Lands re-
ported the hill with an amendment fco strike out
all of the bill after the following lines in the first
section:
Be it enacted* #c , That whenever the purveyor general of
California shall, in compliance with the thirteenth section
of an aet entitled 'v\n act toascei tain and settle the private
land claims nt the State of California," approved March 3?
1S51, have caused any private land claim to be surveyed
and a plat to be made theieof.
And to insert:
lie shall give notice that the same has been (Tone by a pub-
lication, once a week for four consecutive weeks, in two
newspaper-', one published in the city of San Francisco
and on<" published near the land surveyed; and shall re-
lain in Ins office, tor public inspection, the survey and plat
until ninety days from the date of the first publication in
San Fiauei<co fciiall have expired; and if no objections are
made to said suivey, lie shall appiove the same, and trans-
nut a copy of the survey and plat theieof to the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office at Washington, who shall
immediately, upon receipt, pioceed to examine the same;
but it objections are made to said sui vey within the said
muetv cU\-jb} any p.uty claiming to have an interest in
the tiaet embiaeed by the «urvev, or in any part thereof,
Mich objection-' shall he leduced to writing, stating dis-
tinct!) the interest ol the objector, and signed byhmiorhis
attorney,ami filed with thos-uiveyoi general.togethei with
such affidavits or other pi oofs as he ma> ptoduce in sup-
poit ot th.e objection-:. At the expiration ot said ninety
dajs the suiveyoi geneial ^ha'd AraiiMint to the Couirni'5-
Monei of tne (ieneiai Land Office al Washington a copy
of the suiveyand plat,and objection?,and piools filed with
him m support of the objections and also ol any pioots
produced by the claimant and filed with hnn m suppoitof
the ewvey. together with Ins opinion thereon ; and the said
(Jommi-sfeionei >hall, immediate!} upon receipt, pioceed to
examine the b.une, and if the survey and plat are approved
by him, he shall mdoisc theteon a certiiieate of ins ap-
proval. If objection* aie made to such survev and plat by
the said Commitioner, he may lequue a fuitfter report
from ihe smvevot geneial of California touching the mat-
ters objected to, or pioofs to be taken thereon, or may di
