THE CONGRESSIONAL' GLOBE.
June 25,
is thought best to repeal the appropriation before
tfitting that report, I will notenter any objection;
ut it is'due to the Senate, after having twice
called for this report, that they should haveitand
let us know what.it is.
Mr. NESMITH, I ask whether the repeal of
jheappropriation would n.ot necessarily repeal the
commissioner and prevent him making a report.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. That is a question I
prefer, to submit to the Senate. By the repeal of
t)ie law he will of course go out of office. But
tli£ resolution referred to was a cau upon the
President to.furnish a report from the commis-
sioner of emigration, . The repeal of the law
abolishes .the office of the commissioner of emi-
gration. Now, while I think the salary of the
commissioner should stop, I should like very
-much if the office could be continued so as to get
a report from him.
Mr. WILKINSON. There is a very able re-
port made by the Secretary of the Interior in an-
swer to a resolution that I offered long ago, and
those papers were referred to the committee on
freedmen,, and they are so voluminous that the
committee, I suppose, did not propose to have
them printed. I have looked through them,
looked through all that part that was interesting
go far as relates to this proposition.
Mr. WILSON. I hope the amendment pro-
posed by the Senator from Minnesota will be
sustained by the Senate, and that wc shall here
and now get rid of this idea of colonization. We
have paid I do not know how much, for we do
not seem to be able to find out, for that folly.
Let us save the balance that has not been thrown*
away on it. We sent a few persons outH)f the
country and they came back again in the most
wretched possible condition, t think the whole
idea of it, to men of compiehension who had
studied this subject in the country, was a folly
when it was tried. It Uffnow exploded.
I believe lastsummer a member of the Cabinet,
when Washington was menaced by General Lee's
army, went all the way to Concord, New Hamp-
shire, to tell ten or fifteen thousand people of New
England that wo ought to colonize the freedmen.
It received but litlle support there, and icenved
little support anvwheio else. The whole idea
has exploded. We have lost several thousand
dollars on it. Now let us save the balance by
adopting the amendment proposed by the Sena-
tor from .Minnesota.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I agree with the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts thai the idea of deport-
ation is exploded, but I do not agree with him as
to the separation of the two races, i am one of ;
those who believe that we shall be compelled to i
arrange for the colored people a separate commit- ■
mty, that they cap not live and enjoy equal liberty ,
with us wheie wejuc the majority race. I have j
a bill, as is known to the Senate, disposing of'
this very fund, converting it to the acquiring of
western Texas and opening up western Texas as
a home for the colored race. I believe that that
wiil be the policy which will be finally adopted
by our Government, not to use any force, but to
give to the coloied race the voluntary opportu-
nity of separating from us and going wheie they
can be the majority nice, where we can under a
teiritoiial form of government care for them un-
til they can so far improve as to govern them-
selves.
That to which I wish to call the attcntiort of
the Senate is this: while I think this proposition
ought to be adopted perhaps, I do not wish to
lose the opportunity of getting a report from the
commissioner of emigration, Rev. Mr. Mitch-
ell,whose charactcr for integrity is unimpeached
arid unimpeachable. I do not wish to prevent
his being able to make a report to the Senate as
to the disposition that has been made of so much
of the fund as has been used.
Mr. WILKINSON. I should like to ask the
Senator from Kansas how the adoption of this
amendment would prevent an inquiry into the ex-
penditure of the money that has been already
expended.
Mr. LANE, of Ktmsas. I have said that it
abolishes the office.
Mr. GRIMES. The records will be there.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I submit to the Sen-
ator from Iowa whether we should notamendthe
amendment in some way to retain that power over
the commissioner of emigration.
Mr. GRIMES. In all human probability the
Senator and the Senate will be able to reach the
very facts that he desires to reach more adequately
and with more dispatch if we abolish the office
under the amendment of the Senator from Min-
nesota, than he would be able to secure it under
the Jaw as it now stands. If we adopt the amend-
ment, although we abolish the office, we domot
abolish the records, #e do not destroy them, we
do not destroy any of the vouchors that are in the
hands of the accounting officers of the Treasury,
an'd all the Senate has to do is to get transcripts
from those vouchors.
Mr. JOHNSON. I think this law should be
repealed as proposed by the amendment of the
Senator from Minnesota. I think it was ill ad-
vised in the first instance; but under the circum-
stances in which we were at that time it was quite
natural that it should bo done. From what has
occurred since, ns stated by the honorable mem-
berfrom Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson,] itis now
manifest that that advice was injxmit of fact
unauthorized, the whole thing was wrong. But
when my friend from Massachusetts states that
it was wrong, perhaps the public would suppose
that the error was in the legislative branch of the
Government alone. Now, if { recollect aright,
the proposition came from the President of the
United States. 1 do not think I am mistaken as
to that. The mistake, therefore, if it has turned
out to be a mistake, as I think it has,is a mistake
that had its origin in that quarter; and the Con-
gress of the United States was but seduced into
the error by the judgment of the Executive of
the nation, upon whose judgment at that time it
was in the habit of placing implicit reliance, and
among other members of Congress who relied im-
plicitly upon that judgment, 1 think perhaps there
was no one who was more remarkable in that par-
ticular than my friend from Massachusetts. He
has found out since that it was rather an unsafe
reliance. I thought so then; I think so now—not
that the. President of the United States meant to
do anything wrong, not that he bad not ex clewed
all the judgment which he possesses, but that he
like most men fell into prior. All that 1 object
to is that we should apparently—or lather 'my
friend fiom Massachusetts, because 1 was not
here to be seduced—be made to suffer almostex-
clusively for the errors of judgment of the gen-
tleman who was the incumbent of the presidential
chair at that time, and whom my fiiend and his
friends have selected to be the incumbent of the
same chair for some four years hence. My hope
is that the tendency to erior which exhibited it-
self in this particular will not exist during the
next four years, provided—I cannot help saying
provided, because 1 do not think it certain—pro-
vided he is reelected for four years more.
Now a word or two in answer to the suggestion
made by the honorable member fiom Kansas.
He agrees that tins foreign colonization as con-
tradistinguished from the domestic colonization to
which ho adverts ought to be put astop to, but he
is in favor of the domestic colonization. He is
in favor of it upon tne ground that the two races
cannot live together. Now, in one lespect, and
only in one respect, do I agtee with the honor-
able member fiom Kansas. They cannot live
together in social and political equality. The le-
gislation of the free States I think illustrates that.
New York, as far as political equality is con-
cerned, by an overwhelming vote decided that they
could not be admitted to the enjoyment of the
elective franchise. Illinois, one of the now large
and still growing States of the West, has decided
the same thing. Ohio has on her statutes a vari-
ety of laws which say substantially the same
thing. And socially, without law, it seems to me
to be obvious that no equality is to be had. 1
think, to use a phrase very common with tfie hon-
orable member from Massachusetts farthest from
me [Mr Sumner,] that is a matter which is de-
cided by instinct. If it be an instinct, of course
it is a natural feeling, not a piejudice, unless
Providence has thought proper to instill into us
for our moral ruin such a prejudice. That I do
not believe. But I believe that as they have lived
among us in the past in a state of slavery with-
out eithersocial or political equality,and as those
who have been made free have lived among us
quite prosperously, in the enjoyment,of a great
deal of individual happiness, and of social happi-
ness too, after they shall have been all set tire
they may remain among us still in the enjoy-
ment of the same prosperity and happiness in-
dividually and'socially. They will mix with
each other; they will supply the demands of la-
bor which have always been great in the past
and will be greater in the future; they will be the
laboring population of the country, and an excel-
lent laboring population they are if they can be
made to be contented; and if they are left alone
they will be contented.
I think, therefore, differing in that particular
from my friend from Kansas, that numerous as
they are and let them all be set free, four million
of them, in a white population which, according-
to my theory, will be the dominant population, of
thirty-two million, to be doubled and quadrupled
after a few years, they will find employment
enough, valuable to themselves, valuable to the
whites of the country, and not only "valuable in
a material sense, but accompanied with all the
social happiness which it is possible for them in
my view to attain when they are continuing among
us.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I want to ask tho
Senator from Maryland a question. Having been
raised in a slave State he is presumed to have a
better knowledge of this question than one raised
in a free State. I had the privilege of discussing
this question at length before the Senate some
months ago. I will put a case to him. Suppose
this rebellion is crushed out and amnesty and par-
don extended to the rebels now in arms against the
Government with their slaves freed: in his opin-
ion could those slaves freed remain in the com-
munity in immediate inteicouise with the masters
that formerly owned them, they being free against
the will of the master?
Mr. JOHNSON. I answer the honorable mem-
ber that those who have been made free in the
past have lived theie without the slightest ob-
struction, and not only lived there without dis-
tuibance, they have been protected; and I say
what I know, that in the South there never has
been a controversy involving the right to the
freedom of a negro in which the whole feeling
of the m< n of the South, if the case was one m
which freedom was really the right of the indi-
vidual churning it, has not been in favor of the
application; and they have never failed to obtain
professional aid, not by the ordinary means in
which professional aid is acquired, but gratui-
tously 
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Is it not within the
Senator's knowledge that most of the slave States,
if not all of them, have required by law that the
emancipated slaves be removed from within the
boundaries of the States?
Mr. JOHNSON. I know. But when? Only
lately. Ami why lately?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Let us not differ as
to facts. I remember a society that is called a
colony in my old congressional district in Indiana
that were settled there, being required by the law
of the State from whence they came to remove
from that State.
Mi. SHERMAN and others. Let us vote.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have no desnetocontinue
the debate, and what I have said was not because
I supposed there was any danger of the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Minnesota
meeting with any serious opposition m the Senate,
but merely for the purpose of correcting what i
supposed to have been an error, so faras respons-
ibility was concerned, into which the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts had fallen, and for
the purpose of expressing the opinion which I
entertained that these people may reside among
us but not in a condition of social and political
equality.
Mr. GRIMES. I desire to say one word. Here
we arc discussing this amendment that I under-
take to say there is not to exceed one member of
the Senate, and I doubt if there is any one op-
posed to, at four o'clock in the afternoon with the
theimometer at ninety degrees. I beseech Sena-
tois, if they do not want ail of us to get sick, to
take a vote on this proposition.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to make a motion
that at four and a half o'clock the Senate take a
recess until seven o'clock.
Several Senators. No, no.
Mr. HOWARD, My reason is this: the Pa-
cific railroad bill has been scnttousfrom the other
House, and I am very anxious in the course of
