1864.
THE (SESSIONAL GLOBE,
were called upon to perform it was necessary that
there should be a sliding or graduating scale.
But when you come to appoint an officer who
is to stay at home, sit in his room, perform judi-
cial duty, weigh evidence,examine records, where
is the propriety of graduating his pay by the pay
of a brigadier general m the field? Is there any
analogy between the duties that a general in the
field is required to perform and a judge in his of-
fice? Then, it is proposed to give his assistants
the pay of a major of cavalry. Where is the pro-
priety of paying associate justices—for that is
what they are—side-justices of this military tri-
bunal, as majors of cavalry? If the Committee
on Military Affairs insist on this, I hope they
will go further and provide that these officers shall
sit in uniform, that they shall have their chapeaus,
&c., on, whenever they sit. As the judges of the
Supreme Court wear black gowns, let these ma-
jors of cavalry, when they come in to sit as judi-
cial officers, come dressed in their regimentals.
• I ask for the yeas and nays on the adoption of
the amendment.
The yens and nays were ordered.
Mr- LANE, of Indiana. The objection of the
honorable Senator from New Hampshire seems
to be that we are appointinga civil officer, a judge,
and giving him the rank and pay of a military
officer, a brigadier general of cavalry. It seems
to me that the Senator utterly mistakes the nature
of the office which we confer by this bill. The
office of judge advocate is as much a military
office as a major of any battalion in your Army,
and always has been so legarded. In evei y court-
martial that is called in yx>ur Army, certain offi-
cers of a certain grade are detailed, and a judge
advocate is detailed who is also connected with
the Army for the purpose of prosecuting the
claim in behalT of the Government. He is in
effect the prosecuting attorney for the Govern-
ment; and it is a military office in the organiza-
tion of our Army from the beginning to the pres-
ent moment, and in the organization of every
army in Europe, and always has been regarded
as a military office. The duties to be discharged
by this Bureau of Military Justice, in a certain
sense, are judicial; and yet what is the investi-
gation, what is the reading, what are the studies
necessary to enable him to discharge his duties?
Simply the study of military law, the rules and
regulations for the Army, the laws of war as ap-
plied to military trials. It is essentially a mili-
tary office; and the moment your Army is dis-
pensed with every single judge advocate, whether
of a minor military court or of the Bureau of Mil-
itary Justice, necessarily falls. It has no connec-
tion with the administration of civil justice as
applied to your minor courts. It is a military
office, and a high office nf great importance, and
it seems to me it should be invested with rank
and pay and emoluments commensurate with the
importance of the office.
Here we propose to make your Judge Advo-
cate General a brigadier general, to give him the
pay and emoluments of a brigadier general, and
it is surely not too much when he has to revise
and report to the President and Secretary of War
upon every single military trial in all your armies
throughout the whole extent of the country, em-
bracing in one year, as the records show, more
than fourteen thousand cases. It is not too much
rank, it is not too much pay, as it seems to me,
to give him; and he is, to all intents and purposes,
a military officer, as I believe, as much as any
colonel in your Army, or general, or major gen-
eral, or commander of a corps, (t is essentially
a military office and nothing else, and requires
the revision of military decisions, an investiga-
tion and understanding ofmilitary laws. Another
amendment, proposed by the Senator from Iowa,
I believe, is to reduce the rank of the Assistant
Judge Advocate General to that of a major, with
the pay and emoluments of a major of cavalry
instead of a colonel. I see no kind of propriety
m that. I think these offices require the very
highest talent that we can command, and I think
the pay of a major is not commensurate with the
importance of the duties intended to be performed.
If I am misinformed, and if that amendment has
already been passed upon, I have nothing to say
in reference to it; but I do think that the report
of the Committee on Military Affairs should be
adopted, and that your Judge Advocate General
should be a brigadier, with all the emoluments
pertaining to that office, and the Assistant Judge
Advocate General should be a colonel.
Mr. CON NESS. I agree entirely with the hon-
orable Senator from Indiana. When the amend-
ment now proposed to this bill was before us as
an independent and separate bill the Senate will
remember the position the honorable Senator from
New Hampshire took. I think the honorable
Senator is more attached to his idea in the prem-
ises than he has need to be. As far as this day
i  concerned, I will say to the honorable Senator
he ought to be satisfied with his triumph. He
has succeeded in passing three somewhat unrea-
sonable bills, in which I with others were com-
pelled to unite with him by the force of his elo-
quence; and now, having ridden roughshod over
one standing committee of the Senate, that of Pen-
sions, he proposes to run down the Committee on
Military Affairs. I submit that this is too much
even for the honorable chairman of the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs.
I agree entirely with the honorable Senator from
Indiana that this is essentially a military office;
and, if the Senator from New Hampshire will
pardon me for the expression, I think it is un-
worthy of him that he should detain the Senate
and expend himself and waste himself upon the
mere form of pay and compensation to be given
to this officer. J am very free to say that I know
there is no Seflrtor more impressible to generous
emotions than the honorable Senator himself;
certainly there is none more in the habit of en-
deavoring,and perhaps succeeding, in impressing
others than he is; but I am prepared to say that
on this subject 1 loofi? through the proposition to
the man. I know that that is not the logic of the
case; hut I look through this proposition to the
man, Jo. Holt. I call him by that name because
it is by that appellation that he is popularly and
familiarly known and loved through this country.
I think that the services of that man at a time an-
tecedent to the beginning of this war never should
be forgotten and never will be forgotten. 1 would
not detain a bill before this body that compre-
hended, not simply compensation to him, but giv-
ing him all the dignities that mightsurround any
position to which he is properly nominated and
appointed. I hope my honorable friend, guided
by his ordinary generosity, will make no further
opposition to this proposition. I am very glad
indeed that the chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs has proposed to append it to this
bill, in order to get rid of the difficulty in which
it lias been tied up by the differences heretofore
between the House of Representatives and the
Senate; and I hope we shall pass it here without
any further ceremony.
Mr. HALE. Dr. Sangrado, when he was kill-
ing all the city he was practicing medicine upon,
being advised to abandon his system, said he
would do it if he had not written a book upon it;
[laughter;] and so on this subject, so far as one
humble individual is concerned, I am committed
against this mode of compensating officers. I
never wrote a book about it, but I have made sev-
eral silly speeches on the subject. [Laughter.]
Suppose that we wanted to do honor to the Su-
preme Court. My friend from Iowa [Mr. Har-
lan] wants to give them a retiring pension. Sup-
pose he should add to his retiring bill that each
of the judges, when he retired, should be entitled
to wear a chapcau with a feather in it, or that he
should be entitled to the rank of a brigadier or
major general. Suppose you putMr.Holt upon
the bench with all the merit that so justly belongs
to him, with all the gratitude due to him which
the Senator from California so well expresses,
and which I certainly sh^o in. Suppose that
you give him just as much salary as you think
he ought to have. If the pay of a brigadier gen-,
eral is §5,000, give him $5,000; set him up on the
bench, and when a case is brought before him, and
just before he commences, let the crkr of the
court make proclamation, and the marslial come
in and put a chapeau on his head and the plume
in his hand. How much would our veneration
and regard for him be increased by that system?
I think the honorable Senator from Indiana
(and he will pardon me for doubting bis accuracy
in that respect) is mistaken when he says that a
judge advocate has always been an attache of the
Army. I rely upon the testimony of a gentleman
who certainly knows as much about this matter
as anybody, and who spoke upon it the other day,
the Senator from Iowa, [Mr.Gja.iMEs.] Whenthis":
subject was under discussion a few days since .
the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson,] ~
in reply to a similar assertion made by raef after <
a few generous compliments to me which I 3id
not deserve, put in a proviso that I was some1*
times liable like the rest of us to be mistaken ia >
point of taw and fact, and that I was so in that
instance; whereupon th£ SenatorfVom Iowa rose)
and if he did not satisfy the Senator from Massa-
chusetts he did everybody else, that it was the
Senator from Massachusetts that  as mistaken
in the law and fact when he undertook to correct
me. In addition to that, I remember a very fa-
mous military trial that took place in this coun-
try, one that is as notorious as any that ever
took place since we had a national existence—I
refer to the trial of General Hull for the surrender
of Detroit. Do honorable Senators remember
who was the judge advocate there ? It was Mar-
tin VanBuren. Whatmilitary rank did he hold?
None at all. It was a judicial office with judicial
duties to perform, and he was a lawyer of emi-
nent standing and he was selected.
But, sir, I do not expect to satisfy the Senate.
The Senate have voted this proposition down
once by a very decided vote. I remember the
Hon. Mr. Benton when he was here argued
upon the omnibus bill that he could not see into
the philosophy of the Senate, after they had voted
down individual bills, putting them all together
in an omnibus bill, and then going for the whole
of them. If this measure was unwise as an indi-
vidual measure it is unwise as an amendment to
this bill. Let the Senate appoint the judge advo-
cate and pay him,appoint him assistants and pay
them, and not have the fuss and feathers of mili-
tary parade brought into your judicial proceed-
ings.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. It is very true that
civilians have sometimes been detailed or ap-
pointed to act as judge advocates of courts-mar-
tial, but they have always owed their appoint-
ment either to the commanding general or to the
Secretary of War, and for the time being they
were military officers acting under military au-
thority, and their civil position was entirely sunk
in the military appointment.
Mr. WILSON. The difference between this bill
and the one we had up the other day, which waa
voted down as the Senator from New Hampshire
says, is in this respect: that bill provided for the
establishment of a permanent bureau; this bill
provides for its continuance only during the pres-
ent rebellion. That bill provided for two assist-
ants with the rank of colonels. We provide here
for only one, whose rank, on the motion of the
Senator from Iowa, has been reduced to that of a
major. I can assure the Senator from New Hamp-
shire that the object was to make this bureau as
small an expense to the Government as possible
in order to get along. I assure him further that '
the Secretary of War is exceedingly anxious that
this should pass. He believes that the public
service and the good of the Army really demand it.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I should like to inquire
what will be the amount of compensation which
will be paid under this bill to the principal officer,
the Judge Advocate General.
Mr. WILSON. I have not figured it out. It
is very easy for any one to take the book and do s®.
I suppose the pay of a brigadier general must be
about five thousand dollars. The pay of a major,
as we have it now, is thirty-five or thirty-six hun-
dred dollars.
Mr. COLLAMER. I will again ask what ob-
jection the gentleman has to fixing a direct and
certain sum that we all know as the compensa-
tion of this officer?
Mr. WILSON. It is desirable to put this depart-
ment on the same footing as all the others. The
heads of the quartermaster's, commissary's, and
ordnance departments are all brigadier generals,
and receive the pay and emoluments of brigadier
generals.
Mr, HALE. Is the question pendingan amend-
ment to an amendment?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is.
Mr. HALE. Then it is not in order to move
to amend it?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is not.
Mr. GRIMES and Mr. JOHNSON. What is
the question ?
The PRES1 DENTpro tempore. On the amend-
