"266
\
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
ducemcnt, their only object being to cxccute by
their united strength trusted and repeated pledges
made from the highest places of authority, that
their patriotism and sacrifices should inure to the
desy-ed end of a restored Union, when, without
revolution or change of system, the old benign
Government should sway again the North and the
South. It would be a thousand times more ad-
vantageous to our causc to rigidly perform this
pledge than to confiscate all the property of the
seceded States.
If the foregoing suggestions are not all germane
to the subject which should alone have been under
discussion, that being merely a constitutional
question, my apology can be found only in the
fact that I have kept within the field opened by
the gentlemen who .support the other side of the
question.
MKSSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. I-Iickcy,
their Chief Clerk, notified the House that the Sen-
ate had passed joint resolutions and a bill of the
following titles'; in which he was directed to ask
the concurrence of the House, namely;
Joint resolution (S. No. 18) in relation to the
public printing;
Joint resolution (S. No. 2) expressive of the
thanks of Congress to Major General Jifceph
Hooker, Major General George G. Meade, and
Major General Oliver 0. Howaid,and the officers
and soldiers of the army of the Potomac;
Joint resolution (S. No. 5) of thanks to Major
General Ambrose E. Bumside, and the officers
and men who fought under his command;
Joint resolution (S. No. 14) presenting the
thanks of Congress to Cornelius Vandeibilt for a
gift of the steamer Yanderbilt; and
An bill (S. No. 36) to amend an act entitled " An
act for enrolling and calling out the national forces,
and for other purposes,"approved March 3,1863.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION RILL.
Mr. STEVENS, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee of Ways and Means, reported n
bill making appropriations for the naval service
for the yeai ending June 30, 18Go; which was road
a first and second time by its title, icfVi icd to the
Commilteeofthe Whole on the stale of the Union,
ordered to be printed, and made the special oider
for the day after to-morrow after the morning hour.
CONFISCATED PROPERTY—AGAIN.
The Pfouse resumed the consideration of the
joint resolution reported from the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. BOIJTWELL. Mr. Speaker, the subject
before the House, uninteresting as a matter of de-
bate, is already a good deal hackneyed. Having
assented in the, committee to this report, H-may
not be amiss for me to state, with such clearness
and brevity as I can command, the grounds on
which my assent was given.
It was suggested by the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. ICeiinAn,] who spoke early in this
debate, that while lie doubted the constitutional
authority ofCongress to confiscate absolutely the
real estate of traitors, even if lie were convinced
of that authority he should doubt the wisdom of
such a public policy. I submit to that gentleman,
and to those who sympathize wi^h him upon this
point, that if it be cleariy shown that such a power
exists, then it was granted by the framers of the
Constitution for some purpose, anticipating or
apprehending an exigency in the fortunes of the
country when it might be expedient and proper
to put that power in full force.
Now, if that power exists in the Constitution,
I ask the gentleman from New York whether he
expects that the men who framed the Constitu-
tion could have anticipated any condition of pub-
lic affairs in which the exigency would be more
urgent than that which exists at the present time ?
It is well enough for nations to be merciful, but
justice is a higher attribute than mercy. Now,
if the poworexists, I submit that the exigency for
its extreme exercise exists also. If is a very dif-
ferent thing f omen engaged in this treason whether
they hold their lands by authority of law or
whether they hold them at the pleasure and by the
favor of the Government against which they have
rebelled. In this condition of things I hold it to
be the duty of the country and Government to
seek for a tine internietation of the Constitution,
to ascertain as exactly as possible the limits of;
congressional authority, and march boldly in the
organization of a system of justice and penalties
to the very limits of that authoi itv, wherever they
may be found; and then let the amnesty come, so
that we can distinguish between great offenders
who, of their own motion and against the Con-
stitution, in violation of the rights not only of
their country but of all mankind, notonly of this
age but of all coming ages, rebelled against the
Government, and those who have been duped,
misled, seduced from their public duty. On these
we will have compassion; and gentlemen on the
other side will come to understand that the major-
ity here and in the country will execute justice
and remember mercy also.
I am not sure, bir, that there is any material
difference between the report of the committee
and the amendment proposed by the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means in the efleet
to be produced on such le.bcls as may be made
amenable to the statute of July 17, I8(>"2. I un-
det stand the joint resolution now befoi e the House
to be of such a character that if adopted it will
be the duty of the courts of the country to ad-
minister the penalties prescribed in the law to the
full limits of constitutional authority. If by re-
pealing the joint resolution of July 17, 1862,and
putting into operation the law unrestricted, or if
by enacting another and more stringent statute*
we transcend the Constitution, it will be the duty
of the courts to limit the statute within constitu-
tional authority. Therefore, practically, I do not
see that there is adifFcrence between the jointres-
olution and the amendment proposed by the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens ]
Mr. STEVENS. The resolution of tlio com-
mittee restricts all the forfeitures under the confis-
cation act to what they are already in the case of
attainder for tieason in the Constitution. Now,
the act itself has no reference to the section of the
Constitution refeired to; but there aie confisca-
tions outside of that entirely, not for treason, but
as the propei ty of alien enemies. Therefore the
icsolution of the eommittee confines the operation
of the art of 1869 much moie than the original
resolution did. If the gentleman will modify the
resolution so as to make it read that the act of
1862 shall produce no forfeiture beyond the limits
of the Constitution, 1 am content.
Mr. (UHJTWtfLL. i understand that to%)e
the object of the joint lesolu'.ion. But I will say,
by w.ty of answer to the first suggestion of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, that when L find
in the Constitution, as in that part relating to
(reason, distinct and definite authority given to the
Government in the way of punishment, we can-
not look to any other provision of the Constitu-
tion, or to any general principle for the purpose
of getting authonty to inflict other and different
penalties. The authonty is to be found in that
provision of the Constitution or it is not to be
found anywhere. j
Something has been said in the course of f)iis j
debate in regaul to the act of July, 1862, and !
something is found in the President's message I
touching the authority of Government to proceed i
in rem, as it is called, under the fifth section of this |
act, the allegation being that such proceedings are !
not by due process of law as required by the Con- |
stitution. An analogy has been diawn m some j
quartet s from the aulhotity of the Governmentin j
pi ize courts. 11 does not folio w, necessarily, that 1
because the Government may proceed in rem |
against enemies'property found on the ocean it I
may therefore proceed against other property |
found in other and different positions. The prin- i
ciple, as I understand, of the law on which pro- i
ceedings in rem are justified in prize cases is thi?: i
enemies' property being found in transitu on the !
ocean, a presumption is at once created that either i
that property or the proceeds of it in one way or !
other ai e ro inure to the benefit of the public enemy, !
and no inquiry can be instituted in couit as to i
whether the particular owner is an enemy or a !
friend. It is sufficient' that ho is de facto under the !
jurisdiction of the belligerent, that he is an inhabit- i
ant of the tcnitory against the people of which j
we are waging war. Apply the principle to the an- !
thonty given to the President under the fifth sec- i
tion of this act to seize the property of certain
individuals.
Pioperty on land is not subject to seizure or
confiscation, because there is no presumption ex-
isting g'Micially that it is to be used for the benefit
of the enemy. It may be takenfor the necessities
of the Aimy, but it cannot be proceeded against
in rem {is property taken upon the*sea may be.
It is necessary, when we propose a new meas-
ure, to find authority in one of two conditions of
things—either in a principle not heretofore estab-
lished, or else in a principle heretofore recognized
but not extended in its application so as to sus-
tain the proposed measure.
1 submit to the House, as justifying the seiz-
ures provided for in the fifth section of the act of
July 17, 18G2, that while the condition of this
property belonging to rebels does not create the
presumption in and of itself that it is to be used
in support of the rebellion, still the law itself re-
quires proof equivalent to the evidence on which
presumption is tobe based in the case of enemies'
property being taken on the ocean. By the fifth
and sixth sections of the act., the Government is
to show that the owner of this rebel property is
an officr in the army or navy, or in the civil ser-
vice, of rebels in aims against the Government
of the United States.
And when we have established that fact, is it not
equal to the presumption thatarises when enemies'
property is taken in transitu on the water? Upon
such proof it is a fair presumption that the prop-
erty belonging to a rebel officer in arms against
the United States is either designed of itself to be
for the benefit of the rebels,or else that it is tobe
converted into other property which is to inure to
the benefitof the rebellion. Therefore it follows
that the same principles which justify proceedings
in rem in prize cases justify proceedings in rem
against the various persons specified in the fifth
section of the act of July 17, 18G2. And there-
fore I feel satisfied, for one, that by this reference
to the matter the difficulty is substantially cleared
of doubt.
I come next—for I do not mean to occupy the
attention of the House a great while—fo the par-
ticular authority granted by the Constitution for
doing what we propose shall be done; and I com-
mend to the gentlemen on the other side of the
House a reflection which must be common to us
all who have had some experience m public or in
professional life. The authority of a statute or
the scope of a constitutional provision can never
be fairly considered or discussed, as a measure,
until there is an actual case arising, and nothing
is morecommon than for the couiis of the various
States, whenever a call is made on them for an
opinion on a matter in reference to which no case
has actually arisen—and such calls are occasion-
ally made by the executiye or legislative branches
of State governments—cither to decline to give an
opinion, or, if an opinion is given, to submit it
with the distinct understanding that the court is
not bound by it. It is only when a case is before
a court and arguments ate submitted that a true
construction can be attained.
1 did not agiee tit all with the gentleman who
last addressed the House [Mr. Bliss] as to the
effect of Mr. Madison's commentary upon this
provision of the Constitution. That, however, 1
shall have occasion to consider hereafter.
One word in regard to Judge Story's authonty.
I dare say, from the nature of the language used by
him in hisCommentaues, that he understood this
provision of the Constitution as interpreted by
gentlemen on the other side of the House.
I wouldnotdisparageJudge Story as a lawyer,
but as a gieat man, as a man of capacious and
grasping intellect, he >pust be placed in the second
class of the great men which this country lias pro-
duced. He had no case before him. He has
merely followed English law. What ho has writ-
ten down in his Commentai ies is a reproduction of
what he has read in the English books.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE SENATE.
A message from the Senate was received by Mr.
Hickey, their Chief Clerk, notifying the House
that the Senate have passed bills of the following
titles; in which he was directed to ask the concur-
rence of the House:
A bill (S. No. 34) m favor of the legal repre-
sentatives of Israel C. Wait; and
A bill (S No. 49) relating to the admission of
patients to the hospital fui tlio insane in the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
The House then resumed the consideration of
CO\' m-UATKD PROPERTY.
Mi. BOUT WELL. One word in regard to the
