2288
THE CONGRESSIONAL GL'OBE.
May 16.
ment reported by the Committee on Military Af-
fairs to the amendment of the House of Repre-
sentatives, on which the yeas and nays have been
ordered,
Mr. COLLAMER. The question is whether
we shall adopt the three sections marked eight,
nine, and ten in the printed amendments before
us, all on the same subject. The tenth section
was not read, btft relates* to the same subject as
the others, the establishment of a Bureau of Mili-
tary Justice.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 23, nays II; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Conness, Dixon,
Foot, Foster, Harris. Hendricks, Howard, Howe, Lane ot
Imliaun, Lane of Kansas, Morgan, Pomeroy, Powell, Ram-
sey, Sumner, Ten JEyck, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Wade,
Wilkinson, and Wilson—23.
NAYS— Missis. Huekniew, Clark, Collamer, Davis,
Dooliule, Grimes, Hale, ILulan, Henderson, Johnson, and
Richardson—11.
AJSSENT—Messrs. Brown, Carlile, Cowan, Fessenden,
Hardin?, Hicks, MeDougaJI, Moirili, Ne^nith, Riddle,
Saulsbury, Sheiman, Sptaguc, Willey, and Wright—15.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
insert as section eleven the following:
Stc. lb J&ul be xt further enacted, That in all cases
where the Government shall furnish transportation and
subr-lstence to discharged officer* and soldiers from the
place of their discharge to the plac of their enrollment or
original muster-in to the s-eiviee, they,,haii not be entitled
to travel pay or commutation ol subsistence.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I wish to move to
reconsider the vote by which section nine of the
committee's amendment authorizing the appoint-
ment of an Assistant Judge Advocate General,
with the rank and pay of a colonel, was amended
by striking out" colonel" and inserting " major."
The amendment passed without my observing it,
and I should like to have another vote upon it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
necessary, m the opinion of the Chair, to recon-
sider the vote adopting that section as an amend-
ment, before it ran be leached.
Mr. TRUMKULL. 1 will state that that alter-
ation was made by unanimous consent when it
would not have be< n in order if any one objected,
and it having been made under those circumstances,
if the Senator from Indiana desires to have a vote
upon it, it seems to me it would be no more than fair
that by unanimous consent a vote be taken in the
Senate. At the time the motion was made it was
out of order, it, being an amendment in the third
degree. 1 think the Chair stated—i do not re-
member whether the present occupant was in the
chair at the time—that it would not be in order
to move to strike out the word " colonel" and
insert 11 major," but by unanimous consent it
might be done; and I think it was done in that
way-
Mr, FOOT. It was as stated by the Senator
from Illinois. I happened to be temporarily m
the chair, and upon a suggestion to make that
modification the Chair lemarked that if no objec-
tion should be made the modification would be
made as proposed—I think the proposition was
suggested by the Senator from Iowa—and no ob-
jection being interposed, the modification was
made by unanimous consent. The attention of
but a few Senators, i presume, was directed to
the matter at the time.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I was not present
when the vote was taken, or I ceitainly should
have objeeted fo it.
Mr. FOOT. No vote was taken. It was done
by unanimous consent.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there be no
objection, the Chair will put the question again,
and let it be tried in the Senate. Tiie Chair heats
no objection, and the question now will be on the
motion of the Senator from Iowa [Mr. Grimes]
to amend section nine of the amendments reported
by the Committee on M Hilary xVlfairs, by striking
out the word "colonel" and inserting (( major." !
Mr. GRIMES. Upon personal reasons! dis- I
like exceedingly to make this motion or to vote I
for it, because i suppose I am situated as a great |
many other gentlemen arc. They have friends |
who are aspnants for this place and who feel quite '
confident they are going toseoure it. That is the
case with me. But 1 am compelled to vote for
the proposition to i educe the office of the Assist-
ant Judge Advocate General from the rank ofcol-
onel to that of major for the reasons that I have
stated before. In the first place, as I understand
it, and I think I am tolerably accurate in it, the
pay of a major doing bureau duty here in Wash-
ington is about $3>600 a year, which is $600 more
than is paid to your Assistant Attorney General,
to the Solicitor of your War Department, and to
the chiefs of your most important bureaus. I do
not know any reason why we should pay this as-
sistant this large sum over and above what we are
paying to those other bureau officers and to your
Assistant Attorney General, who I understand
is a very respectable lawyer and a man of good
reputation, and to the Solicitor of your War De-
partment, who I apprehend is quite as able. I
mean the salary fixed by law for him. Iam told
he does not draw any salary, because he is a very
rich man and a very patriotic man; but $3,000 is
the salary that has been established by law for
his office; and 1 knowof no reason why we should
establish a new rule in this case other than that
which was established in that case.
I should like to hear some of the Senators who
propose that we shall make this assistant a col-
onel of cavalry in the place of a major, tell me
how much that pay is. Nearly five thousand
dollars; and the pay of a brigadier general do-
ing duty in Washington to-day is more than six
thousand dollars. As Senators vvdll observe, the
Army regulations fix the commifttion of quar-
ters, firewood, &c.,at different points throughout
the United States. The regulations authorize
the Secretary of War to change those commuta-
tions from time to time. Last autumn he saw fit
to change the commutation#so far as the depart-
ment of Washington was concerned, and to de-
clare by an order which he sent to the Second
Comptroller of the Treasury that all the commu-
tation for quarters of men who were established
here in Washington should be doubled. That
brought up the mere commutation of a brigadier
general's quarters and firewood to $l,3b(J; the
commutation of a lieutenant colonel or a major
of quarters and lire wood was brought up to $1,134;
and the commutation of quatters and fitewood
alone of a captain or chaplain in this city under
that order amounts to G2.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the Senator permit me to
ask him a question?
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir.
Mr. DAVIS. By what authority did the Sec-
retary of War increase these commutations?
Mr. GRIMES. He had authority to do it.
The law of Congress passed in the latter part of
the last century declares that all rules and regu-
lations of war established by the War Depart-
ment not inconsistent with the laws of the United
States shall havctheforce and effect of law. The
law authorizes the Secretary of War to establish
these rules and regulations; and these lules and
iemulations expiessly declare that the Secretary
of War may change them.
Mr. DAVIS, 1 will ask the honorable Sena-
tor if the commutations to which he has refer-
ence have not been fixed by law, and had not
been fixed by law before they were increased by
the Secretary of War?
Mr. GRIMES. No, sir. They were fixed by
the Army rules and regulations, not by law.
The commutations of quarters and fuel and lights,
&c., weie fixed by legulation, and the Secretary
of War had the right to change them, and he
changed them wo tar as the departmentof Wash-
ington was concerned. Now, wlwH is the fact?
It costs a great deal more for an officer of the
Army to live in New Orleans than it does to live
in Washington. There is no increase in the com-
mutations of quarter^ to the officers who are so
unfoitunate as to be located in New Orleans. It
t£osts quite as much for an officer to-day in Nash-
ville, Louisville, or St. Louis as it does in Wash-
ington to-day. Theie is no increase there. The
result ia, ^J1 the officers there arc clamorous to the
members of Congress, with whom they are ac-
quainted, asking lor the same advantages to be
yielded to them that are granted to the officers
who are stationed here m Washington.
This accounts for tire way in which Senators
will discover that the pay of a major on duty in
this city amounts to $3,600. It is ijy the increase
of the commutation of fuel and room rent over
and above the commutation that is allowed by the
Articles of War. At present a major is allowed
$1,134. One half of that is an excess over what
he is allowed by the Rules and Articles of War.
All over $3,000 is the increase of pay by that
means to the major.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
will be on the amendment of the Senator from
Iowa to strike out the word" colonel" and insert
the word " major."
Mr. GRIMES. I desire to have the yeas and
nays upon that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to be distinctly in-
formed what will be the difference in pay whether
this assistant is a colonel of cavalry or a major of
cavalry. I want to know it in round numbers dis-
tinctly, so that I may know the difference.
Mr. COLLAMER. You mean the copimuta-
tion and pay in Washington?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Yes, sir.
Mr. JOHNSON. Three thousand seven hun-
dred dollars in the one case and $5,000 in the other.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. For my part my mind
would be better satisfied to say at once we give -
Mr. Holt $5,000 a year, and we give his assistant
$3,500. Then we should know just what we give
them.
Mr. POMEROY. This amendment only has
reference to the assistant.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 understand this amend-
ment is to reduce the assistant from the rank and
pay of a colonel of cavalry to a major of cavalry;
but 1 do not know what effect that has on the
salary.
Mr. JOHNSON. The Senator from Iowa told
you just now.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I understood the Senator
from Iowa when lie was on the floor to slate that
the pay of a major of cavalry located in Washing-
ton is over thlee thousand six hundred dollars.
I will ask the chairman of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs is that a fact?
Mr. WILSON. It is thirty-five or thirty-six
hundred dollars, and that of a colonel is from four
thousand to four thousand two hundred dollars
under the present ruling in regard to fuel and
quartets. 1'hat will probably be changed this
summer.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I should like to take the
sense of the Semite on a proposition to pay the
Judge Advocate General $5,000 a year, and his
assistant $3,500.
Mr. HALE. You cannot know how much
this pay is. The most definite answer that could
be made to the Senator from Wisconsin is that
one of these salaries is a large sum and the other
one is a little larger. [Laughter.] That is about
the whole of it. You cannot get at it exactly, and
nobody here can tell what it is.
Mr. CONNESS. There seems to be much dif-
ficulty in the Senate in regard to the difference
between the compensation of a brigadier general
and a colonel, and that of a colonel and major, as
if we were not paying several brigadier generals
now, and colonels and majors, as if it were not
simply an every-day business, as if it were not
the greatest part of our business. These close
inquiries in regard to it, which are proper enough
m their way, only occur because of the objections
to this bill. I do notknow why gentlemen should
desire to be so accurate in regard to the salary or
compensation of one single officer of a certain
grade when we are paying so many hundreds of
the same grade constantly.
Mr. DAVIS. It seems to me that the Senate
ought always to have a distinct comprehension of
what they are doing. This thing of creating sal-
anes under phrases the meaning of which is not
understood by any Senator at the time they are
voting upon them, seems to me to be a very ob-
jectionable mode. This Judge Advocate General
is an officer located in this city. His duties are
simple and uniform. His office is here. Hisex-
penditures do not fluctuate in conscqucncc of cas-
ualties or differences of condition. 1 suppose the
same is true in relation to his assistant. It seems
to me that the plain and simple way to compen-
sate both the Judge Advocate General and his as-
sistant would be to give them a definite sum as an
annual salary. This mode of producing a large
increase of the salary of either of these officers by
saying he shall have the rank, pay, and emolu-
ments of a brigadiergeneial or of a colonel seems
to me to be all wrong. If a definite sum could be
offered to every officer under the Government as
his compensation, be he military or civil, it seems
