THE CONGRESSIONAL GLO:
June 25.
it ^commendation for an appropriation for these
improvements. B.utasit was'rehderedeomcwhat'
probable that the improvements contemplated
would be of importance to the commerce of that
lake, the committee deemed it not' improper to
mafte £he present recommendation, which would
authorize the Secretary of^War to :makc a, survey
of the harbor and of the improvements which
bave been made by voluntary contribution and
private enterprise, and report the facts to Con-
gr6§s? 'fora futurteapproprr&tion. I believe that is
all there is of the case.
"Mr. SAULSBURY, I hope this amendment
will n6tberadopted, and I wish to state my rea-
sons, in all kindness to my friend from Maine.
I tried" to'get the Committee on Commerce to re-
port an appropriation for building a pier near the
mouth of the Delaware bay, at Lewes, in Dela-
ware, where any person acquainted with thcloca-
* tlon knows it is absolutely necessary, necessary
for the benefit of "the shipping interests of die
country, and m time of war absolutely necessary,
because for a. considerable portion of the winter
the Delaware river is frozen over. We have a
railroad extending very near that place, designed
to go to that place. It would be for the advant-
age not only of local interests but of great national
benefit to erect a pier there; but the Committee
on Commerce iiave persistently refused to make
such a recommendation, if they refuse these
benefits to one section of the country and to one
location where they aie absolutely necessary, I
hope the Senate will not sanction favoiitism by
voting for appropriations for another section of
the country where they would be less beneficial.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr, WADE. This bill has entirely omitted
to make any appropriation to pay the salaries and
expenses of the government of Montana. I be-
lieve the usual appropriation for the Territories
for paying the Officers and legislative purposes
has been about $50,000.
M&. SHERMAN. Twenty thousand dollars.
There is an appropriation generally fur the other
officers specifically,ami then #20,000 for the Legis-
lature. The Senator will find n in the leffiaiauve
bill.
Mr. WADE. I will change it to $30,000, if
tlmt is the proper sum.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will furnish my colleague
With the amount in the legislative bill for the
otiiorTerritoras, mid just hand it to liiin after the
bill is reported to the Senate.
Mr. WADE. Very well. It ought to be pro-"
vided for.
Tile lull was reported to the Senate as amended.
The PRESI DENT pro tempore. The question
is on e.oncuiriiii* in the amendments made as m
Committee o f the Whole.
Mr. GRIMES. I desire a separate vote on
the'appropruulon of ® 10,000 for the purchase of
Schoolcraft's Indian books.
Mr. DIXON. I wish a separate vote on the
item of $13,000 to make up a deficiency in the
contingent expenses.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask a separate vote on
the provision on the aubject of testimony in the
courts of the United States relative to the com-
petency of witnesses.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore* The amend-
ments named will be excepted.
The other amendments were concurred in.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ments excepted will bo rend in their order.
The Secretary read the first excepted amend-
ment, which was to insert:
To pay Heury R. Sehoolctaft for one hundred copies each
of the tvvi) additional volumes to complete inswoik en-
tilled Information reopening the Jli>tory? Condition, ami
Pio.-ipeets of the Indian Tnhes. of th^JJiuted Skates, to be
paid Undpr The direction ot the Joint Tnbraiy Committee
wIxMicveriie ^iiuit deliver to them said number of copies
printed and IkjuiiiI in as good style as the volumes already
published umb-r authoiity of Congress, to be clone within
three jear-s, £10,000.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The next excepted amendment was
To .supply a deficiency in the appropriation foi miscella-
neous iiern-% lor the denate lor the fiscal ye«it ending June
30, lt$G4, $>12,730.
For deficiency foi Congressional Globe for the present
session, ^i3,06o- J2.
Mr. DiXOiN. X did not oxceptto the last item,
but to the first. ! move to amend by strikingout
"$12,730" and inserting " $15,000," and 1 will
state the reason for tlus amendment. Since the
original amount" was furnished to the Committee
on Finance, some bills have been presented which
have swelled the sum necessary to be appropri-
ated to $15,000—about three thousand dollars of
bills.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and the amendment as amended was con-
curred in.
The remaining excepted amendment was to in-
sertat the end of section three:
Provided, That In the courts of the United States there
shall be no excision of any witness on account of color,
nor in civil actions because he is a party to or interested
in the iasue tiied.
Mr. SUMNER called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is due to myself to say
in explanation that i voted against and opposed
this amendment for the sole ground as I stated
that it ought not to be put upon this bill. That
is my deliberate conviction yet; butas the Senate
have by a majority vote decided to put the amend-
ment on the bill in spite of my remonstrances and
resistance, I feel bound now to vote according to
my conviction on the merits of the proposition.
The question being taken by yeas and nays, re-
sulted—yeas 29, nays 10; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Chandler,Clark, Con-
iip^j Dixon, Do'ihltle, l-Yi^rmbiii, Foot, Foster, Gtuucs,
Hale, Harlan, Howard. Howe, Lane ot Indiana,
Lane of Kansas, Moi^an, IVIoii ill, Ponn*ro\, Ramsey, Sher-
man, Hprague,Sumner, Ten Hvck. Wade,' Wilkinson, and
Wilton—ao.
NAYS—Messrs. Buekalew. Carhle, Hendricks, Hicks,
NeMmth, Powell, Saulhburv, Trumbull, Van Winkle, and
Wilky—10.
ABSENT—Messrs. Collamer, Cowan, Dnvm, Harding,
Henderson, Johnsou, McDoui*all, Richardson, Riddle, and
Wnglit—10.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. SUMNER. I now renew the proposition
which I made in committee in the shape of anew
section:
Jlnd be il/talker ennctc,!, That sections eipht and nine
of the net entitled uAn act to prohibit (he importation of
slaves intoanv poit-oi place within the jurisdiction of the i
United States fiom and a'tei the 1st dayoi January, in the i
year of out Lord lt'08," which sections undeii.ikc to legu- i
late the coa-twi^e (.lave trade, sue hereby repined, and the i
coastwise slave nude prohibited forever. |
I have but one observation to make. It seems
to me this Congress will do wrong to itself, wrong
to the country, wrong to history, wrong to our
national cause if it separates without clearing the
statute-book of every support of slavery. Now,
this is Lite Inst support that there is in the statute-
book, and I entieat the Senate to remove it.
Mr. SAULSBURY. i move that the further
consideration of this bill be indefinitely post-
poned.
The motion was n'ot agreed to.
The PRESIDENT j>ro tempore. Tiie question
recurs on the amendment proposed by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts.
Mr. SUMNER called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. DOOUTTLE. I voted againsttiiisamcnd-
ment before on the ground that I did not like to
vote for such measures on appropriation bills;
but two or three others have been put on, and if
this is to be legislated upon, as i am in favor of
the abolition of the coastwise slave trade, i shall
vote in the affirmative.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yraa23, nays 1 i; as follows:
\ HAS— Messrs Amhony, Riown, Chandler, Connesv,
Dixon, DnoJittle, Foot, ilailan, Hairi?, How-
ard, Howe, I,an<- o! kan>.i^, Morgan. Morrill, Poineroy,
riprague, iStnnnei, Ten ck, Wade, YVilk<ii ou, and Wi'l-
son—-'W
NAYS— Me^••5. Buckalrw, Caiiile, Clark, Hendricks,
Hicks, Johnson, Lane of Indiana, Ne^nnth. Powell. Rieh-
ard-on3 Sauhbury, Shcimau, Tiumbull, Van Winkle, and
Wiile\—14.
ABSENT—Mosen. Collamei, Cowan, Davis, Foster,
Gilines', Hale, Harding, llendeioOn, MeDougail, Ramsey,
Kiddie, and Wn lit—ly.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WADE. I offer the following amend-
ment to come in after the approptiations for the
" survey of the public lands."
Montana:
Tor salaried of'Govemor and supeiintcndcnt of Indian
affairs, duel justice, two associate judges, and seeretaiv
^9^00.
For contingent expenses of said Territory, $1,000.
For compensation and mileage of the members of the
Legislative Assembly, officers, clerks, and contingent ex-
penses of tile Assembly, ,$20,1)00.
This is taken from the legislative bill for Ne-
vada; the same appiopriation waa made for that
precisely.
Mr. CONNE8S. There is only one objection
that I have to this appropriation, and that is it
proposes to pay the salary of a number of gen-
tlemen who have been without employment, I
presume, until recently in the East. They were
sent out into the West to fill some very high offices
and govern a people that they never saw be-
fore. In that respect 1 think it is against the
genius of our institutions, and I do not hesitate
to say in addition that it is against a good and
wise administration. I suppose, as they have
been appointed, it is only just to them that they
should be paid. I do not know that these reasons
will control my vote on the subject, but it is the
only objection I have to the amendment.
Mr. WADE. The amendment has no refer-
ence whatever to the time they have served. I
suppose we have a rule with regard to that, and
this appropriation does not control that subject
at all. It leaves the appropriation to be paid
when they have earned their salary according to
law. That is all.
Mr. CONNESS. The honorable chairman of
the Committee on Territories misapprehends the
nature of my objection. My objection lies to the
selection of Governors, judges, and officers of
western Territories from eastern States, a prac-
tice more honored in the breach than the observ-
ance.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I am directed tooffer
an amendment to come in between lines one bun-
dled and sixty and one hundred and sixty-orie of
section two:
To aid the State of Kansas in constructing a free bridge
across the Republican river on the Fort Riley reserve,
$5,000.
That is leaving the State to pay one half and
the Government the other. 1 hope it will be done.
I shall be compelled to ask for a division on this
question, but before doing so 1 desire to state that
jj tins biitlge is right close to Fort Riley and on the
! reserve, and the Government will use it fully as
|| much as the people, and the proposition now is
j' that the Stale pay one half the expense to build
!j a bridge on the Government land arid the Gov-
|j eminent the other half.
I) The amendment was rejected—ayes five, noes
j| not counted.
jj Mr. CHANDLER. I move to reconsider the
j; vote by which thq amount of money nppropri-
' ati-d for the surveying of lands in the Territory
of Dakota was reduced from $15,000 to $5,000,
in lino one hundred and sixty-one of section two.
I believe the Committee oil X?inance understood
what they were doing when they repotted the
proper sum, and it ought not to have been re-
duced. '
Mr. WADE. I moved that amendment from
the Committee on Terrilories, and it was placed
there by that committee on the statements made
by the Delegate from that Territory, who in-
foimed us that $5,000 would be sufficient for the
purpose; that it was a mountainous region, that
the arable land was very'small, and ihey would
not want at present a very large amount for sur-
veying, while for bridging the streams of the
Territory there was eminent necessity for a larger
appropriation. He advised us to reduce the ap-
propriation for surveying and apply the money
to the other purpose of building bridges and the
like, for he informed us that Uuiing the fall and
winter season there were streams there which it
was a! I but impossible for people to get across so as
to have communication from one place to another.
I do not know anything more about it than that.
Whether the amendment lessened the amount for
surveying too much, I do not know. 1 leave it
to the Senate to say.
Mr. WILKINSON. 1 hope tliis motion to re-
consider will not succeed. I believe that the ac-
tion of the Senate in committee was correct. I
do not believe that the requirements of that Ter-
ritory demand that more land than would be sur-
veyed under this appropriation should be surveyed
dunng the coming year;and 1 think it is of infinite-
ly more importance to the Territory that these
roads should be opened through'it. There is not
a great quantity of very good land in the Terri-
tory of Dakota; it is confined to the country bor-
denngon the streams. It is generally destitute of
