1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
language ofMr. Madison. Ourfathcrs, when they
framed the Constitution, intended manifestly to
guard against two things: first, the forfeiture of
estates by pioceedings instituted subsequently to
the death of the offender; and secondly, the at-
tainting or corruption of blood by which the heirs
of the offender should become incapable either to
enjoy the estates which had not been forfeited or
which might descend to them from the progeni-
tors ofthe offender, and subsequently to his death.
The Constitution has sufficiently guarded Con-
gress upon these two points, and the language of
Mr. Madison relates to these limitations upon the
powers of Congress.
I call attention to a very singular circumstance
in connection with this provision of the Consti-
tution. I find in examining it as printed in
the Manual that it is without punctuation after
" blood" and after " forfeiture." In the copy of
the Constitution prefixed to the statutes as printed
by Little & Brown, there is a comma, after
"blood" and another after "forfeiture." These
circumstances led me to look at the original instru-
ment in the office of the Secretary of State, and I
find that there is a comma after "blood" but
none after "forfeiture." The Secretary of Sfrite
was so thoroughly convinced that such was the
reading of the Constitution that I have an official
certificate from him to that effect. It will be said
very likely that punctuation is never regarded in
the construction of statutes. That is the legal dec-
laration: but I never knew a person so entirely
insensible to the influence of facts that he could
discuss and consider and decide upon a statute re-
gardless of punctuation. In such an instrument
as the Constitution,framed with care, and signed
by men who were lesponsible for it to the coun-
try and to future ages, it is to be presumed that
everything, even to the punctuation, was deemed
a matter of importance. Punctuation,oven in a
statute hastily and loosely drawn, decides its in-
teipretation whenever the language is equivocal
or ambiguous.
It is worthy of observation that that portion of
the Constitution which sets forth the evidence
necessary to convict of treason is drawn not only
liteially but exactly from an English statute passed
in the seventh yeat of William III, showing that
our ancestors weie familiar with English law on
this subject. But we need notevena single piece
of testimony on this point, for we know very weli
that they were versed in the English law and in
everything 1 elating- to the feudal system as no
other body of men ever were in Great Britain or
in this country.
I think it not out of place to refer to a work not
much known and hardly ever read. I refer to the
correspondence between the provincial House of
Representatives of Massachusetts and the pro-
vincial Governors of Massachusetts from 17G5to
1774, in which the whole feudal system is dis-
cussed with clearness, power, and precision such
as is exhibited in no other work I have ever seen.
It relieves our revolutionary contest from that
histouc fable that we instituted a war for inde-
pendence upon the subordinate issue of a tax of
threepence a pound upon tea. Our ancestors, in
their legal and solid and responsible arguments,
never put the contest upon that basis. It miaht
have been a ground of appeal to the people, but
through the feudal system they traced our lights
to the king, and maintained with great clearness
that they were no more amenable to the Parlia-
ment of Great Britain than the Parliament of
Great Britain was to the Legislatures ofthe sev-
eral colonies in llua country. They maintained
that the people or the colonies and the people of
Great Britain were independent of each other.
The argument of this corrospondenciVhiows light
upon one of the allegations m the Declaration of
Independence.
The colonists rebelled against Gforge HI not
because he was not the legitimate king, but be-
cause he combined with the Parliament to deprive
the people of this country of their libeities. Now, ,
then, our ancestors knew well the legal history of
Great Britain in reference to treason and forfeit-
ure. Blackstone refers us to a provision of stat-
utes against treason passed in the reign of Eliza-
beth, and he uses this phrase in regard to the
forfeiture as limiting the power of the courts:
"Save only for the life of the offender." If our
ancestors intended that forfeiture should he only
for the life ofthe offender in all cases, how has it
happened that when they went to the statute of
William III for the exact language used in stating
the evidence necessary to aconvictionfortreason,
they should have used language which rendered
their meaning uncertain ? At a later time during
the reign of Elizabeth it was provided by statute
that persons convicted of treason should forfeit
all their goods and chattels, and the use of their
lands, tenements, and hereditaments during their
natural lives only. This statute remained in force
until about the time of the union of Scotland and
England. #
When we consider that the men who framed
the Constitution had this language before them,
that they extracted a certain portion of the Con-
stitution from the statute of William III, is it to be
presumed that they should have neglected to make
this point clear if they had such a purpose as is
contended for by the gentlemen on the other side
of the House r So far from theirhaving any such
purpose on their part, I think it the plainer, more
natural, and inevitable construction of the Consti-
tution that the contrary is the case. I believe that
gentlemen will see as they go on in this debate,
or in their practical experience of the operation
of the law, that it is a reflection upon the judg-
ment of our ancestors to maintain that they in-
tended to do that which gentlemen on the other
side of the House say they have done. We are
to look upon this question as aquestion of public
policy to a certain extent.
Suppose a man is convicted of treason, and is.
proceeded against as gentlemen on the other side
of the House allege. The offender is to be executed
in forty days. You forfeit his life estate in his land,
lie has a remainder which he can sell to a brother
tiaitor not yetconvicted, and perhaps not yet sus-
pected, and ins property then converted into money
is serviceable to the rebellion. Was it not the
intention of the haulers nf the Constitution that
forfeiture of estate should not only depiive the
offender of his life, and thereby be a penalty upon
him, but did thev not think also that the cause with
which he was identified should be deprived to that
extent of the means of suppoi t r Gentlemen con-
strue the Constitution m such a manner that when
we have forfeited the estate dui ing his life, that the
offender may then put the reinaiudei into money,
which, in such a case, would be the chief value
of the estate, and turn it into the treasury df the
rebels.
I have said that by the Constitution our fathers
intended to do two things; and a true interpreta-
tion of this clause, according to the punctuation,
shows that their ends were accomplished. Con-
gress has power to declare the punishment of trea-
son, but no attainder of treason can work corrup-
tion of blood. Here ate two propositions. Con-
gress has power to declare the punishment of trea-
son; that is, the full, supreme, unlimited power,
except as it may be controlled by the two clauses
following: " But no nftamderoftrcason shall woik
comiption of blood." That is an absolute pro-
hibition upon the power exercised by the British
Parliament to work corruption of blood through
attainder of treason. If the construction contend-
ed for by gentlemen upon the other side of the
House pie\ails,I do not see why the Constitu-
tion must not be read to this effect: " that no at-
taind'T of ticason shall work corruption of blood
except during the life of the person attainted."
But who does not see the absurdity of ^his woiIc-
ing a coiruption of blood during the life of the
person attainted ? Under the Constitution we can
do to the person convicted all those things which
by the conuption of blood could have been worked
by the common law of England. We can make
him an outlaw, and therefore to say that we have
authoiity, under the Constitution, to woik cor-
ruption of blood during the lift time of the of-
fender is simply an absurdity. It does not give
us any power which we could not exercise with-
out that provision. " But no attainder of treason
shall work corruption of blood"—thus securing
one object they lind in view—"or forfeiture of
estate dining the life of the person attainted."
I do not feel any apprehension as to what the
judgment ofthe House may be upon the meaning
of the word "except," whether it is regarded as
the equivalent of" unless" or not. But I think
it clear, from a refei once already made, that two
centuries a^o "except" had for a synonym "un-
less." The gentlemnn from Ohio remarked that
the judge of the eastern district of Virginia had
said that "except" did not mean " except," but
meant something else. The judge, I apprehend,
said no such thing. He said that " unless" was
the synonym of "except," and that our fath-
ers often used the word "cxcept" where "unless"
might be used by us. One quotation has been
made which I commend to gentlemen on the other
side, in connection with this bill, and also with
the peculiar sympathy which they seem to show
to their deluded brethren ofthe South—I do not
know as they regard it as authoiity—" Except
ye repent ye shall all likewise'perish." [Laughter.]
But I accept " except" just exactly as they de-
sire to have it understood in the Constitution.
Gentlemen in" this House and elsewhere have made
a distinction which nowhere exists in the Con-
stitution. The word " forfeiture" has nota par-
ticular reference to real estate, more than to goods
and chattels. "Forfeiture!" Forfeitureof what?
Of that which men possess. Gentlemen say, "Life
estate is real estate." And here again we see how
we have been misled by British institutions. Be- *
fore this Constitution was framed, entail and pri-
mogeniture were comparatively unknown in this-
country. It is possible there were a few entailed
estates in some of the States of the Union, or es-
tates entailed for a limited period of time. Now,
knowing as we do that our fathers were opposed
to the whole system of entail and primogeniture,
is it to be supposed they intended, when they
were attempting to fix the pains and penalties to
the crime of treason, to introduce this doctrine of
entail and separate estates, of fee-tail and remain*
dor'
They intended, when they said "forfeiture,"
that the party convicted should be deprived of ex-
actly that which he possessed, neither more nor
less. Where the estate is a life estate, it forfeits
the life estate; and where the estate is in fee the for-
feiture mustapply to the whole estate. The laws
of the States generally do not recognize any such
estate as a life estate except in particular cases.
Now, here is a greatqucstion—one which may
possibly be satisfactorily answered, but how, I do
not see. All the laws relating to the tenure of
estates are fiamed by the seveial States, and in
most of the States there is no separate estate
known as a hfe estate. Whoevei owns the feejias
the whole estate. Now what, upon the construc-
tion claimed by gentlemen upon the other side,
is to be the effect* Can Congress create an estate
in certain States m this Union which by the laws
of such States does not exist?
I hold, as a matter of constitutional law, that
Congress has no power to create a life estate in
Massachusetts even for the purpose of wresting
it from a traitor, if there be one there. The Con-
gress of the United Stales and the laws of the
United States m reference to the forfeiture of the
property of climinals must take that propertyjust
exactly as it is declared and defined by the law
of the State. Mr. Clay said in 1839, upon an-
other and very different matter,''that" that is prop-
erty which the law recognizes as propei ty." We
have no such propei ty recognized'by the laws of
the State, except m paiticular cases, as life estate.
If then you find a tiaitoi in Massachusetts, if you
arraign and convict him and inflict a penalty upon
him, you must foi feit his propei ty, whether lands
or chattels, exactly as it exists under the laws of
the State. You cannot cieatea hfe estate and
foi feit it and give the remainder to somebody else.
Upon all these facts, Mr. Speaker, I can clyfne
but to this conclusion, that the frameis of the
Constitution intended to guaid against two evils
m the British system: first, the forfeit u  e of the es-
tate by proceedings instituted after the death of the
offender; and secondly, to prevent corruption of
blood so as to disable the heirs of an offender fi om
inheriting thiough his blood. The construction
I have given to the Constitution seeuies those two
objects, and it must be observed that it gives full
foice and effect to every word in the instrument
relating to treason; and when we have found a
satisfactory use for every word in a leo.U instru-
ment it is unnec°ssai y to look beyond, and es-
pecially when we find that the interpretation is
consistent with the general policy and ideas of
the count! y. I have, then, no hesitation, for one, in
sustaining a measure, be it this joint lesolution or
any other, which shall provide for the forfeitureof
the estates of prisons convicted of treason, whether
thor-e estates he in goods owl chattels, or lands
held by fee-simple title, or in land in whnJi the
