2290
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 16,
ROBERT B. TAYLOR.
"Mr. KELLEY offered a resolution requesting
the Secretary of War to transmit to the House a
copy of the record, and review thereof, of the trial
before a military commission of Robert B. Tay-
lor, a citizen of Tennessee,on .a charge of murder.
Mr. COX. Mr. Speaker, I have no objection,
to the resolution, but I would like to say that
resolutions from the House of Representatives
are not answered by the War Department. Three
months ago i offered a resolution, which passed
the House, calling for information from that De-
partment, which has not yet been furnished. I
think that until the War Department learns to
treat the resolutions of this House with some re-
spect, we ought not to call upon it for informa-
tion. I do not object to the resolution, butl wish
it to go to the country that our calls upon the
Department are not attended to.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. KELLEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
VETERAN RESERVE CORPS.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania, offered a
resolution, which was read, considered, and
agreed to, instructing the Secietary of War to in-
form the House whether any order of the De-
partment had been issued whereby invalids are
bemff recruited into the invalid or veteran reserve
corps arid carried to the quota of any district, as
sound men are recruited, at the discretion of the
recruit or otherwise; and if so, by the authority
of what low such order has been made.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the resolution was
adopted; and also moved to lay the motion to ie-
consider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
COMMODORE WILKES.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland, offered a resolution,
which was rend, considered, and agreed to, di-
recting the Secieiaiy of ihe Navy to communi-
cate to this House the pioceedings of the court-
martial that tried Commodore Chailos Wilkes, in-
eluding all the evidence.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland, moved to reconsider
tin: vote by which the resolution wasadopted;and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CLOCK AND STATUARY OF OLD HALL.
Mr. SPALDING offered a resolution, which
was read, considered, and agreed to, directing
the Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds
to inquire into the propriety of removing from the
old Hall of the House of Representatives, and of
placing in this Hall, the clock and statuary there-
with connected, consisting of the Muse of History
and the Car of Time; and to report to the House
wiih all reasonable dispatch.
GREEN CLAY GOODLOE.
Mr. SMITH introduced a joint resolution,
which was read a first and second time, resolving
that nothing in an act entitled "An art making ap-
propriations for the support of the Military Acad-
emy for the year ending June 30,1865,5* shall be
?-o construed as to prevent the reappointment of
Green Clay Goodioe by the President of the
United States to a cadetship at such Military
Academy.
Mr. SMITH. I desire unanimous consent to
make a statement.
There was no objection.
Mr.SMITH. ,The young man to whom this
joint resolution refers volunteered, when about fif-
teen yearsofage,in the service of the United States.
He remained in the service nearly two years. In
September last he was appointed by the Presi-
dent a cadet at West Point. Having been so long
in the service, he was unfortunate enough not to
puss the examinations in January, but the board
unanimously recommended him for reappoint-
ment. It seems, however, that the Military Acad-
emy bill, passed at this session, prevents such
reappointment. It is to remedy that that the
passive of this joint resolution is asked. The
young man is very intelligent, and has made a
tjood soldier; but there is no chance of his reap-
pointment unless this joint resolution be passed.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time,and passed.
Mr. SMITH moved to reconsider the vote by
which the joint resolution was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as truly enrolled bills of the fol-
lowing titles; when the Speaker signed the same;
namely:
An act (H. R. No. 385) to establish a postal
money order system; and 5
An act (H. R. No. 370) to appoint certain offi-
cers of the Navy.
IMPRISONMENT OF WILLIAM YOCUM.
Mr. VOORHEES submitted the following pre-
amble and resolution, and on their adoption de-
manded the previous question:
Whereas it H represented that William Yocum, a loyal
citizen of the United State®, waschaiged with having com-
mitted some nuliiaiy offense at Caiio, in the State of Illi-
nois, for which lie was arretted and sent on to tins city for
trial, and lu< case being heard by a militaiy court he was
adjudged to be imprisoned for a leim of year*; after which
the facts of ftioea>e heni" piescritcd to Alnaham Lincoln,
President of*the United ritate-, he lias addicted to Edwin
M Stanton. Secietary oHVai, a written recommendation
to discharge s-aid Yocum fiom imprisonment; but the said
Stanton disregarded ilie Pi indent's recommendation, and
ordered the said Voeurn to be taken to the pemtentiaiy of
New York at Aib.tny, and to be impnsoned in it; and
wheieas it it- repiesented that the Pie>ident of the United
States- afteiwaid* made and executed a full and uncondi-
tional pardon ol the said Yocum of and troin the judgments
and sentence afoie.s.ud, and said paidon was placed in the
hamK of the said Stanton to obtain his order for the dis-
eh.uge of bind Yocum horn impris-onment under said judg-
ment and sentence, and that lie refused to respcct and obey
paid paidon, and in defiance of it continued said Yocum in
imprisonment in the pemtentiaiy afoie-,aul:
Reioh-cl, That the Committee on the Judiciary do in-
quire into and P'pnit ali the (acts connected with the alleged
trial, impi i-onmcnt, and pardon o! William Yocum, of illi-
nous. and hi* deteuiion in pi i.-on after hi* pardon; and *aid
committee is empoweied to send foi persons and papers.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put. ,
The resolution was adopted.
Mr WASHBCJRNE, of Illinois. I suggest to
the "entlenmn fiom Indiana tbatas the amend-
ment has been adopted the preamble be with-
drawn.
Mr. VOORHEES. I have no feeling on the
subject except to obtain the facts. The pream-
ble simply recites the facts as they have come to
me, and gentleman will notice that no authority
is £iven to it except that it has been so repre-
sented. I will withdraw the pieanible, if there be
no objection.
There was no objection.
Mr. VOORIIEES moved to reconsiderthe vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ELECTION OF ILLINOIS MEMBER.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
introduce a joint resolution, and have it puton us
passage. 1 will state tiiat it meets the approba-
tion of the entire Illinois delegation.
The joint resolution was read, as follows:
Be it resolved, That in the election ot Representa-
tives to Congress fiom ilie Stale of Tllinoi-, the additional
Representative allowed to «aid State, by an act entitled
'•An act fixing the number of the Motive of Representatives
fioin and alter the 3d day ot iVLuch, 1863, 'approved March
4, 1882, may be elected bv the State at targe until the ta.d
State shall be redismetcd by the Legislature thereof for
the election of the fourteen member? to which baid State
is now entitled by law.
The joint resolution was read a first and second
time.
Mr. DAWES. I think that should go to the
Committee of Elections.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order
pending the demand for the previous question.
Mr. VVASHBURNE, of Illinois. With the
consent of the House I will state that the last Con-
gress passed a jesolution providing for the elec-
tion to this Congress of the additional member to
which the State of Illinois is entitled in conse-
quence of the facfthat the Legislature would not
meet until after that election. I will state that the
same reusoa now exists in relation to the next
election.,,
Mr. D&WES. If that be the state of the case
now I will withdraw all opposition to the passage
of the joint resolution without reference.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
Mr!' V/ ASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the joint resolution
was passed; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
OBSTRUCTIONS IN WASHINGTON STREETS.
Mr. J.C.ALLEN submitted the following res-
olution, and on its passage demanded the previous
question:
Resolved, That the Committee for the District of Colum-
bia be instructed to inquire into and leport what legislation
is necessary, and what further public officers are needed
to prevent or abate the obstructions of the streets of the
city of Washington, as prescribed by the original plan; and
particularly by what authority oi law Eighth street west is
obstructed sous to prevent sight of the Smithsonian grounds
and pioper ventil.itton of that street; also, by what author-
ity of huv, north B street is Ur-ed for building puiposes;
also by what law or regulation the streets leading toward
the public Mall are trenched upon by any structures what-
ever, preventing an uninterrupted view of the grounds  rtid
that ventilation which is a necessity to the health of the
city ; and also, whether the rental of the public reservation
between Tenth and Twelfth streets west, near north B
street, accrues to tiie Government or the corporation of
Washington.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NATCHEZ CONTRABANDS.
Mr. GrRlNNELL submitted the following res-
olution, and on its adoption called for the pie-
vious question:
Rcsoh cd, That the committee on the conduct of the war
be instructed to inquire a- to the occasion of the military
order ot BngadierGenetal J.AI. Tuttle for the government
of the city ot Natchez, Mississippi, which l'oibids any con-
traband remaining in the city of Natchez who is not cm-
ployed by Mime responsible white per.-on ; and also ioib.ds
any contraband trom hiring any house in said city ; where-
by hundreds ot childten have been taken trom the schools
and many of the families of soldier* have been dehveied
to slaveiy.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered to be put.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr GRIN NELL moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ABANDONED PROPERTY.
Mr. ELDRIDGE introduced the following res-
olution, and demanded the previous question:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to tnqune and repoit to Uii* House by what war-
rant or authority the act entitled "An act to provide for
the collection of abandoned property, and for the preven-
tion ol fraud, m iiisurieetton.uy district* within the United
States," was appioved on the 12tb of Match, 1863, and
whether said act is in force.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the resolution was agreed to.
ELECTORAL VOTES FOR PRESIDENT.
Mr. COX introduced the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That ihe Judiciary Committee be directed to
take into consideration the propriety of reporting 10 this
House a bill-providing for the decision of any question
which may arise a-s to the regularity and authenticny uf the
returns of the electoral votes foi President and Vice Presi-
dent of the United Slates, or the rights of the persons to
give the votes, or the manner in winch they ought to be
counted ; and that such law provide tor the jurisdiction, aa
well as the course of proceedings, in ca^ of real contro-
versy.
Mr. COX moved to reconsider the vote by which
the resolution was adopted; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider oil the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
HOUR. OF DAILY MEETING.
.Mr. BROWN, of West Virginia, introduced
the following resolution:
Resolved, That from imd after VVtiinsstlay next the
