18(34.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2291
House will meet at eleven o'clock a. m. until otherwise
ordered.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 object to
that resolution.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the reso-
lution is in order.
Mr. BROWN, of West Virginia. I desire to
say that I would be glad to meet an hour earlier
if we hud to adjourn an hour earlier.
Mr. ASHLEY. I propose to debate the reso-
lution.
The SPEAKER. The resolution then goes
over, under the rule.
land titles in utah.
Mr. KINNEY introduced the following reso-
lution; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of reporting a bill
at the earhesi possible day, authorizing the owners and
claimants of lots in the cities, towns, and villages of the
Territory of Utah to acquire a title to the same, paying at
the nearest land office the sum of §1 25 per acre, and that
the bill be so framed as to allow the county judge of such
county to enter the land embraced upon the recorded plate
ot' said cities, towns, and villages, as trustee m trust for
the respective owners and claimants.
The SPEAKER. The States having been
called through for resolutions, the next business
in order is to take up lesolutions calling upon the
Departments for information, and which have
been laid over under the rule.
disloyal clerk in the treasury.
Under the regular order of business, the House
took up for consideration a resolution introduced
by Mr. Farnsworth on the 4th of May, direct-
ing the Secretary of the Treasury to inform this
House whether there is employed in the Treas-
ury Department, as a clerk or assistant register,
a person named Garnett, and whether said Gar-
nett formerly held acommissionin the rebel army
and was for a time a prisoner in the Old Capitol
prison, and who recommended the appointment
of said Garnett in the Treasury Department.
Mr. WILSON. The gentleman from Illinois
who introduced that resolution is not present, and
1 suggest that it be passed over.
Mr. THAYER. I object.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon agree-
ing to ihe resolution.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Perhaps there is no ob-
jection to the passage of the resolution, but its
passage is entirely unnecessary. There was such
a person in the Department, but upon a proper
presentation of the facts he was removed. This
man, as I understand, is from Virginia. There
has always, since the rebellion opened,been adis-
position m the Treasury Department, and prob-
ably in the other Departments, to findr employ-
ment for refugees from the rebellious States who
weie supposed to be loyal. A great many such
persons have been appointed to clerkships. It
has been a matter of charity to appoint them; and
the men have been recommended, honestly rec-
ommended very likely, but they have turned out
to be, in some cases, complicated with the rebel-
lion. I believe in every case where that fact has
been known such persons have been removed.
This happened to bean instance of that kind; but
when the facts of the case became known to the
Secretory the man was removed.
Mr. THAYER. After the statement of the
gentleman from Massachusetts I withdraw my
objection to passing over the resolution.
Mr. ASHLEY, i would like to have this res-
olution pass. 1 would like to know how these
men get into the Treasuiy Department; and I
would like to see the names of the members of
this House who recommend them.
1 have been satisfied thai for the past three
years there has been a systematic effort of per-
sons, traitors to this Government, to foist upon
the Government some of the worst rebels in the
land. 1 call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I move to lay the reso-
lution on the table.
The m tion was agreed to.
So the resolution was laid on the table. ^
Mr. WADSWORTH moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was laid on the ta-
ble; and also moved to lay the motion to recon-
sidet on the table.
The latter motion whs agreed to.
bosinjbss of military, committee.
Mr. YEAMAN. I move that nextSaturday,
after the morning hour, be set apart for the con-
sideration of reports from the Committee on Mil-,
itary Affairs.
Mr. WILSON. I object.
Mr. YEAMAN. I move to suspend the rules
for the purpose of assigning Saturday next, after
the morning hour, for the business of the Mili-
tary Committee.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
amend the motion by also assigning Friday next
for the business of the Committee on Commerce".
The SPEAKER. The Chair is under the im-
pression that that must be an independent motion.
The question was taken on the motion to sus-
pend the rules, and the motion was not agreed
to, two thirds not voting in favor thereof.
quartermaster's department.
Mr.MclNDOE asked and obtained consent to
have taken from the Speaker's table Senate bill
No. 154, to provide for the better organization of
the quartermaster's department; which was read
a first and sccond time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
indian treaties.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a letter
from the Secretary of the Interior recommending
appropriations to fulfill treaty stipulations with
various Indian tribes; 'which was referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered to
be printed.
surveys in dakota.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
letter from the Secretary of the Interior recom-
mending an appropriation for the Indian surveys
in the Territory of Dakota; which was referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered
to be printed.
northern pacific railroad.
Mr. STEVENS asked unanimous consent to
go to the Speaker's table for the purpose of taking
up House bill No. 5, granting public lands to the
People's Pacific Railroad Company to aid in the
construction of a railroad and telegiaph line to the
Pacific coast by the northern route.
There was no objection, and the bill was taken
up; the question being on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. WILSON. Does that bill come up in its
regular order?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Stevens] moved to go to the Speak-
er's table and take up the bill, and the Chair
heard no objection.
Mr. WILSON. I did not hear the Chair ask
for any objection.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did ask whether
there was any objection, and the Chair heard none.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to amend the bill by
striking out the words " three years" and insert-
ing in lieu thereof the words " one year."
The amendment was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
there is an amendment pending, offered by the
gentleman from Indiana,[Mr. Holmant,] to strike
out in the eleventh section the words " and also
subject to such regulations as Congress may im-
pose," and to insert in lieu thereof the words "and
shall transport the troops and property of the
United States free of charge."
Mr. STEVENS. In all the bills of this kind
lately passed by Congress there is no such pro-
vision.
Mr. HOLMAN. I think there are only one or
two exceptions to the rule of this provision. The
provision is not contained, it is true, in the act
for the construction of the Union Pacific Railroad
Company. But all of the railroad bills passed
for Iowa, Illinois, and the other northwestern
States, without a single exception, contain this
provision. There seems to be no reason for de-
viating from that principle in this bill.
Mr. STEVENS. In the bill for the Central
Union Pacific Railroad Company, all such ser-
vices are to be paid for by the Government. I
hope this amendment will not he insisted on. No
money is asked from the Government, as in the
case of the Central road; nothing but lands.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded the
y«as and nays on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was deeidedin,
the affirmative—yeas^55, nays- 47s as follows;
YEAS—Mc^rs. James C. Allen, Alley, Aacona, Ander-
son, Arnold, Augustus C. Baldwin, Ja?ob;B. BJair, Wil-
liam G. Brown, Chanicr, Dawes, Dawson,Bc^ley, Eden,
Edgerton, Eliot, English, F«nton, Finctc, Grfdt-V&rinneli,
Hale, Harding. Hernck, Hi«by, Holman, John H.Hubbard*
Hulburd, Philip John>on, Orlando Kellogg, Law, Lazear,
Long, Mallory, Melndoe, Morrison, Amos Myers, Norton,
Charles O'Neill, John OTfuifl, Orth, Alexander H, Rice;
Ross, Scofield, Spalding, Strouse, Thaver, Van Valken-
burgh, Wadswortli, Elihu B. Washbnme, WHliam B.
Washburn, VVhaley, Wheeler, Joseph W. White, Wilson,
and Fernando Wood—55.
NAYS—Messrs. William J. Allen, Alison, Ames, John
D. Baldwin, Beautan, Boyd, Brooks, James 8. Brown,
Freeman Clarke, Oobh, Coftroth, Cole, Cox, Thomas T.
Davis, Eidridge, Gai^on, Garfield, Griswold, Benjamin G.
Harris, Hooper, Asahel Wt Hubbard, Francis W. Kellogg.
Kernan, Longyear, Marcy, McBride, McClurg, Daniel
Morris, James II. Morris, Noble, Patterson, Perham, Pome-
roy, Price, Pruyrt, Samuel J. Randall, John H. Rice, Shan-
non, Sioan, Stevens, Stiles, Stuart, Sweat, Upson, Wilder,
Windom, and Yeamart—47.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was agreed to; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr.STEVENS. Inowmove.on page 13,li«e
two, to amend the bill by striking out the word
" two"and inserting the word " one." This wilt
shorten the time to one year in which to sub-
scribe this preliminary $2,000,000. I think that
time is long enough.
The amendment was adopted. *
Mr. SLOAN. In lines nineteen and twenty,
on page 2, I move to strike out the words u forty-
fourth" and insert in lieu thereof " forty-fifth;"
so as to make the clause read:
Thence on a line, north of the forty-fifth degree of lati-
tude, to a point on the western line of the State of Minne-
sota, by the most eligible route, having reference to a con-
nection with the railroad system of that Statu.
That I think will give latitude enough.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SLOAN. I move to amend in the eighth
section and eighth line by striking out the word
** third " and inserting the word il first;" so as to
make the clause read:
That each and every grant, right, and privilege herein
are so made and given to, and accepted by, said People's
Pacific Railroad Company upon and subject to the follow-
ing conditions, namely : thai the said company shall com-
mence the work on said road within one yearfrom the ap-
proval of this act by the Piesident, and shall complete not
le&s than fifty miles per year after the first year, and shall
construct, furnish, equip, and complete the whole load by
the 4th day of July, A. D. 1876.
That will give this company two years in which
to construct the first fifty miles of the road, and
insures the construction of the road by requiring
them to construct at least fifty miles a year until
its completion. In my judgment, no better dis-
position could be made of the lands along the pro-
posed line than this. A northern Pacific railroad
will undoubtedly be built, and I hope if the grant
proposed in the bill is made it wilt accomplish
that important object.
If this road is not built within our own terri-
tory, it will be built within the British posses-
sions. There are already settlements in the lower
and western portion of British Columbia, which
are rapidly increasingin population and commer-
cial importance, and they are largely interested
in opening up a communication with the sea-
board. The English never neglect their own in-
terests. If this bill will be themeansofconstruct-
ing a road on our own soil, south of the British
possessions, it is certainly a measure which every
gentleman in the House ought to vote for. By
the amendment which I propose, the company
will be compelled to build fifty miles of the road
each year after the fust year, or their grant will
be forfeited.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. I ask my col-
league to modify his amendment so as to make the
limit after two yeais instead of after one. About
all a railroad can do the first year is to organize.
Mr. SLOAN. My colleague is aware that this
company has been organized for more than a
year; and it is said that men who have abund-
ant means are now ready to subscribe the stock
and to engage in the work, it will be seen that
my amendment gives two years to build the first
fiity mtlesof the road. The language is,each year
alter the first year.
Mr. STEVENS. If the gentleman will say
