1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Starr, Stehbins, William G. Steele, Strouse, Tracy, Van
Valkenbursih, Vooihees, Wadsworth, Ward, Whaiey,
Wheeler, Williams, Wilder, Wondbudge, and Veaman.
Mr. STEELE, of IMew York. A quorum lias
answered, and I move that all further proceedings
under the call be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
The main cfbestion was ordered to be put.
Mr. DAYVSOjN' demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it wasdecided in
the affii mative—yeas 70, nays 33, not voting 74;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Ashl.ey, Augustus O.
Baldwin, Beaman, Blaine, Blair, Blow, Brandegee,Brooks,
William G. Brown, Ambrose W. Clark, Coffroth, Cole,
Cie we||, Thomas T. Davis, Davve^, Deirung, Dixon, Don-
nelly, Eliot, English, Fenton, Gaifield, Giiawold, Hale,
Iligbv, Hooper, Asahel W iiuhbatd, John II. [Jubbaid,
ISulburd, Jenekes, Julian, Kalbfleiscii, Oilaudo Kellogg,
Knox, Littlejohn, Loan, jLonsryear, Marvin, McBride,
McUlurg, Moorh^ad, Momil, iMnin-on, Amos Myers, No-
ble, Odell, Charles O'Neill, Patterson, Peiliam, Pomeiov,
Puce. John il. ltice, liors=, Scheuck. Shannon, Sloan,
Smithera, John B. Steele, William G. Steele, Stevens
Stuuit, Sweat, Timer, Up«on, Webster, Wilson, Win-
dotn,nnd Benjamin Wood—70.
NAYS—Alters..Aneona, Baily, l>h s, Boutwell, Chan-
ler, Dawson, Denton, Eden, Edsrerton, Goneh, Grsdei,
Harding, Ilanington, Benjamin G llaru.5, Ilolman, Philsp
John-son, Kernan,Kiiapp, Law, be Blond, Malloty, Maiey,
McDowell, McKinney, John O'Neill, Oith, ltadiosd, Rob-
inson, RogerEdward 11 Rollins, Scotield,Stile?..Thomas,
Ehhu B. Wa^hluinie, William B. Washburn, Chilton A.
White, Joseph W. White, and Fe> nando Wood—08.
XOT VOTING—Me^is. James C. Allen, William J.
Allen, Alley, Ander>on, Arnold, John D. Baldwin, Baxter,
Boyd, Brootnail, James S. 13town, Freeman Cl.n ke, Clay,
Cobb, Cow Ciaveiia., Henry Wmtt i Davis, Dnggs, Damon t,
Eekley, Eidndge, Farnsworth, Finek, Frank. Gan.son,
Grmrieil, Hall, Charles M. Ilariis, Henielc, /Iotchkiss,
liiiU'huiv, Inger-oll, William Johnson, Kasson, KeJley,
Fianeis W. K IIogg, King, Lazear, Long, McAllister, Me-
Indoe, Middleton, Samuel F. Millei, William II. Miller,
Daniel Morris, James H. Moms. Leonard Mveis, NeL-on,
Not ton, Pendleton, Peirv, Pike, Pi nyn, Samuel J Randall,
William II Randall, Alexander If. Rice, J ame-s S Rul-
lin-, Seoft, Smith, Spalding, Stari, Stebbnis, Stioiise,
Tiacy, Van Valkenhiush, Vooihees, Wadswotth, V\7.ud,
Whaloy, Wheeler, William*, Wilder, Winfield, Wood-
budge, and Yeainau—74.
So the btil was passed.
During the vote,
Mr. PRUYN stated that lie was a stockholder
iii this company, and therefore would refrain
fiom voting.
The vote was then announced as above recorded.
Mr. COLE, of California, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
then-Secretary,tnfoi med the House that the Seriate
had agreed to the report of the committee of con-
science on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the bill (EI. R. No. 405) to provide internal
revenue to support the Government, to pay the
interest on the public debt, and for other purposes.
CONSCRIPTION BILL.
Mr. SCHENCK. I call for the regular order
of business:.
The SPEAKER stated the regular order of
business to be the unfinished business, which was
House bill No. 75, fuither to regulate and pro-
vide for the enrolling and calling out of the na-
tional forces, and for other purposes.
Mr. HOLM AN. Does not the bill lose its
place?
The SPEAKER. It does not. The Clerk
will ieud the 56th rule.
The Cleik read, as follows:
'•The consociation df the unfinished business in which
the Iloiiie ma) he engaged at an adjournment shall be re
sinned as soon as fin* Join ual ot the ue\t day is icad, and
at tiie frame lime each dav thereafter until dt«posed ofj and
if, man 'Hi) caUoe, other business ihall niteivene, it shall
be reMimt d as soon a? such other business is deposed of.
And the coiisideiation of all other unfinished business
shall he resinned whenever the cla-s of business to winch
it belongs shall be in order under the rules..35
Mr. SCHENCK. When the bill was before
the House formeily amendments we're offered
and voted on, and among other amendments the
second section was stricken out. Some other
amendments were adopted, and also another
amendment was ofteied by the gentleman fiom
New Yoik, 1 ivltere, which is yet ptndiug.
However that may be, all these amendments
have been printed, and there has been printed
another amendment in the shape of a substitute
for the whole bill, offered by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Broomall.] The amend-
ment I offer is a substitute for that substitute. It
is to strike out all after the enacting clause, and
to insert what I send to the Clerk's desk and
ask to have read.
The substitute was read, as follows:
That so much of the act entitled "An act for enrolling
and calling out the national forces, and for other purposes,"
approved Match 3,1863, and of the several acts amendatory
thereof, as provides for a commutation in money, to be
paid by persons enrolled or dratted for military service, in
lieu ot actually rendering such militaiy service, be, and the
same is hereby, repealed; and hereafter no payment of
money shall be accepted or received by the Governments
relea&e any enrolled or drafted man from obligation to per-
foim military duty.
Sec. 2. And he it farther enacted, That the President of
tne United States may, at his discretion, at any time here-
after order a draft lor soldiers to serve for a le&s period
thrui thiee yeais: Ptovidcd. however, That no such draft
shall be for a less term of <eivice than one year.
Sue. 3. And be it further cnacted, That the President
shall accompany any oider for a dratt or men tot militaiy
seivice u uli a nonce that he will accept volunteers in lieu
of such drafted men prior to the day appointed lor the draft,
to fill Hie quota or any paitthereofol anytown, township,
waid, pieemet, or election distiiet or of any county not so
subdivided; and every person so volunteering, in lieu of a
man to be dialled, shall be cieditcd to suelfiown, town-
ship, waid,piccuict, or election district, or county not so
subdivided ; and if he volunieeis and is accepted a'ndmus-
teied into the .serviee for a term of one year, unless sooner
discharged, shrill leceive and be paid by the United States
a bounty of §100; and if foj a term or two years, unless
soom t dinchaiged, n bounty of ,$200 ; and if lor a term of
three years, unless sooner dischaiged, a bounty of §300,
one halfof which said bounty shall be paid to the soldier
at the tune ot Ins being muotered into the seivice, one
fouiih at the expiration ot one half his tenn of sei vicc, ami
one fotiith at the end of his tenn of service. And in case
ot Ins deaili when m service, any ponion of his bounty
then remaining unpaid shall be paid to his legal iepie-
sentauves; and in case lie is houoiably dischan^cd iroin
wounds oi sickness inclined in the set vice while in the
hue ol Ins duty he shall receive the fin! bounty. And the
President in any call or order Ioi a draft shall speedy the
exact tune of service tor which such di.ift i> to be made,
and the volunteeis accepted in heu ot the whole oi any
pa;t of the quotas to be piovided under that diaft shall be
lor not Ihss, than the tei m of sei vice loi which thai draft is
ordeied.
>sc. 4. JJnd he it fuither enacted, That drafted men,
f-ub&ntutes, and volunteer, when mu t<;ied in, r-hall b-: or-
ganized into oi assigueil to leguuents, b uteries, or other
organizations ol then own States, and, so tar as piacticable,
thall, when .isMgued, be pernutied lo ••'•lecttheirown legi-
menis. batteiie-, or othei oiiMiu/'iiions, irmn among tho-e
of then lespet tive States whn h at the tune oi assignment
may not bo lilled to then maximum nuinbei.
Slc. o Jind he it fuitkcr enacted, That the twentieth
section of tiie act entitled "An act to amend an act enti-
tled 'An act lor cm oiling and eailni" out the national loices,
and foi oilier putpo-e" apptoved Febiu.ny 2-1, 18J4,
shall ho oon^ttued to mean tnat the Secietmy ot War
shall dischatge nnnois uudei tlie age of eighteen yeats.
uiidei the eueumsfances and on the conditions pieseribcd
in said 5-eeiion; and heieaitci if any ofheer of the United
States >hall knowingly enlist oi miistei into the militaiy
service anv p«'iM)n uudei the nge of >txtecn yeais, with or
without tlx1 consent ol his p-uent or guaidian, such per-
son -o enh-ted or leeiuiied siiml be immediately and un-
conditional!) discharged, and -ueli leciuiung or mustering
otheei shall b" dismissed the seivice, w.'th loifeitme of ail
pay and nliov\.inctv, and shall bo subject to such luither
punidunent as a couit maitial may direct.
S£C. 6 Jhid be it Juither enacted, 'i'hat section three of
an aci entitled (,An act to amend an act entitled -'An aet
foi enrolling and calling out the national foiees, and foi
other purposes,''' approved Fehi u.iry 21,1804, be, and the
same is heiebv, amended so as to aiithonze and direct dis-
tnct provost marshalo, undui the dncction ot the Provost
Marshal Geneial. to make a <ha!t tor fifty per cent, in ad-
dition to the number leqiiued to fill the quota of any
di.stncr, a* piovnh d by said section.
Sec. 7. Jind leit fur ther cuartcd. That, instead of travel-
ing [iay, all dialled peisons repotting ai the place ot ren-
dezvous shall he allowed transportation hom their places ol
i esidunce; and per-on.-, di^chatged at the place oi rend< z-
vous shall be allowed transportation tothen places of resi-
dence. That any persons, resident in Virginia, Noah
C.uohna, South Carolina, Geoigia, Flonda, Alabama,
Mississippi, Louisiana, Texas, or Arkansas, who may vol-
untai ily enlist in the militaiy service ot the United States,
for a term oi not more than tlnee yeais oi during the war,
or not le-s rhan one year, shall be entitled to the bem-fit-j
and pi iviL ifCs ol existing laws, and such per-ons shall be
rmisteied into the legimr'its. or other oiganization-, of
what-oever State tney may elect, oi, in theca>e of colored
troops, "ball be asssiaued as now piovided bylaw. And
the States, oi subdivisiousof States, procunngsueh enlist-
ments shall icceivc credit for such persons, in accordance
with the laws m other ca&e . l'toxidcd, That such en-
listments as arc authonzed in any State, under the pro-
visions of tins act, shall only continue until such State
shall have been made subject to a call lor troops: And
■jnoviled faithei, That no enlUtinauN &haii be made of
anj soldier, eithei in ot out of any State, except those
enumerated beiein, unle-s lull eiedit is given to the Slate
to winch the enlisted soldier belongs.
Mr. ODELL. I woulJ like to ask the gentle-
man ficui Ohio one question, i wsk him whethoi
tins substnute as it luis been read and proposed
as a substitute for the original substitute is re-
ported fiom the Military Committee.
Mr. SCHENCK. It is not reported from the
Military Committee. 1 have offered it after con-
sultation with the Military Committee, and wdh
marry members of the Hou.se. And if gentlemen,
instead of asking me questions, will permit me to
go on and briefly explain what I have offered,
perhaps I shall anticipate all their questions, and
answer them. I request as si special favor that
gentleme-n will not mteriupt me, because I am
scarcely able to be here to-day to make what re-
marks I desire to present.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask the gentleman whether
he proposes to allow amendments to be offered to
the bill, or will he call the previous question.
Mr. SCHENCK. This amendment is itself
an amendment to an amendment, and no amend-
ment in the third degree is in order.
Mi. HOLMAN. i mean after that amendment
is'acted on.
Mr. SCHENCK. The regular business is open
to amendment, 1 understand. This is a substi-
tute, and, being in Lhe nature of an amendment to
an amendment, cannot be itself amended.
The SPEAKER. But the motion of the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] to strike out
the third and fourth sections can be amended by
an amendment germane to it.
Mr. STEVENS, is the original bill open now
so that a substitute can be moved?
The SPEAKER, it is not, because a substi-
tute is already moved as an amendment toasub-
stimte. The bill is pending, and a subsiitute of-
fered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Broomall,] and an amendment to that, by way
of a substitute, offered by the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Sciienck.]
Mr. COX. Is this bill substantially the same
bill the House has voted against already, and re-
jected ?
The SPEAKER. The House has not as yet
rejected any bill, as the Chair is informed. They
hnve amended n bill but not rejected it.
Mr. COX. What is the precise position of this
bin?
The SPEAKER. The btli stands as it was,
except the second section, which was stricken out
by the House. The genlleman from Pennsylva-
nia [Mr. Broomall] moved a substitute, and now
the genlleman fiom Onto [Mr. Scuenck] moves
another substitute. The bill itself Iras not been
lejeeted.
Mr. EC.I0T I rise to a question of order. It
is to inquire of the Speaker at what time it will be
in order to offer an amendment to the original bill.
The SPEAKER. If the genlleman from Ohio
[Mr. Schenck] docs not demand the previous
question on the motion toomend themnendment,
an amendment to iheortgimil bill will be in order.
Mr. SCHENCK I hope 1 shall be permitted
to proceed lo explain what I propose to do. I do
not piopose to call the previous question when I
shall have got through with mv explanation. I
propose to leave the oiiginal bill open to amend-
ment. It may become necessary, at this hue hour
of the session, to close debate, and if the debate
be protracted I may seek to do so. In the mean
time 1 want this substitute for the substitute of-
fered by the gentleman fiom Pennsylvania [Mr.
Broomall] to be belbie the Hous«*, that we may
afier a while have a vote upon it ns a whole.
Being a motion to stuke out and inseil, it is not
divisible. The House will ha\ e to lake the whole
of it together, or to i eject it altogether. Under
these circumstances I shall proceed to explain as
briefly as I can the chaiacter of the substitute
which I offer.
I have preserved in it as its first section the idea
of dispensing with commut aion—that there shall
be no commutation in money in lieu of seivice.
1 have Iclt out the-provision that there shall be
no substitution, that seeming to be the will of the
House. My impression has always been that if
we dispense with commutation we had better also
dispense with substitution, for the reason that
substitutes would run up in price beyond the
reach of men of limited means. That, however,
does not appear to have been the sense of the
House, or of the Senate, if I may judge from the
bill on the Speaker's table from that body. I
accommodate myself to that view, .seeking tocor-
it^jt it by ^ubsiquent provisions of the bill tuen-
cuuiage volunteering, and thus fo take away
much, if not all, of the difficulty that arises from
permitting substitutes.
