1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
If we stimulate the production of whisky we will
not have corn enough left for the feeding of the
stock in the western States. I would rather that
the corn and rye should be used for stock than for
the production of whisky, and the people, I am
sure, would rather gain than suffer thereby. We
are informed now that there is a deficiency in the
supply of the one article of corn of more than one
hundred million bushels. What should we do
as wise men, then, but reduce as far as possible
the production of whisky? IfaPhad the power I
would issue an order to prevent altogethetMlistil-
lation for drinking purposes. I would vote with
any man that during this war not one bushel of
corn or rye should be used for the manufacture of
whisky. There should be no more of that com-
mon, miserable stuff which has a name in my
country that I will not repeat; there should be no
more of that dreadful poison which' is damaging
so many of our soldiers and officers, and I may
say damning their souls. It should not lead to
disasters in the future of which it is alleged to
have been the cause in the past. It has been at-
tributed to General Meade that he would have
achieved a victory in the last campaign if it had
not been for the drunkenness of one of his co&ps
commanders. It has been stated in the public
prints that when a corps commander was or-
dered to move he was too drunk to understand,
or that he was too much incapacitated to execute
the order by reason of drunkenness. The fact
has gone to the country. I think, therefore,that
it would render the public service essential aid if
the production of whisky was reduced or stopped
altogether.
Mr. KELLEY. It seems to me that justice to
a very woithy officer renders it proper for me
to say that the fact which the gentleman indorses
is no fact at all. The whole story is denied, and
the character of General French, the officer alluded
to, has been fully -vindicated.
Mr. GRINNELL. I thank the gentleman for
his interruption. I wish to do injustice to no one.
I did not mention any name. If it be not true as 1
have stated, it still does not militate against the
position which I assume, that whisky has been of
great injury to the service. 11 has been stated that
hi^h officers of the military department have been
incapacitated from (iuty because of drunkenness.
I cannot only call the name of one, but of many
who have informed me that such is the fact.
This evil, then, is one which affects both officers
and soldiers; and 1 would raise the tax upon
whisky, and of course the price, so high that it
could not be brought within the reach of the sol-
diers. The Government should supply their real
wants.
Yes, Mr. Chairman, I "am really in earnest in
this matter. 1 would not care if the constituents
of the gentleman from No w Yoi k [Mr. FnRXAXDO
Wood] never obtained another drink of whisky.
[Laughter.] If that were to be the case, 1 think
that we would soon have a political reformation
in his district. [Laughter.] I would have his
constituents, when they stretch their neck:* for a
drink to-night, stretch'them long, knowing that
it would be their last villainous drink. It is true
that a gentleman must make an argument for his
own constituents, and that the gentleman from
New York takes; care of his But I have no such
friends to propitiate. I know that it was said
liquor was poured out by the barrel against me in
my district dui ing the last election. Thank God,
I have no desire to belong to a party that cannot
^ come into power except upon a whisky barrel.
[Laughter.] I belmve that when whisky isabol-
ished~mora!s will nourish. I do not know what
will become ofthegentleinau's pai ty when whisky
has been done away with, and I do not care.
If the war is to continue we must have reve-
nue; we must have high excise duties, and a high
tariff. The gentleman said that if the rebels had
control of the Government they would not ask us
to do moie than we aie now doing. There is dif-
ference of opinion about that. I say, without dis-
respect to the gentleman, that tiie verdict of the
country is against him and with us. We have a
President who has inaugurated a policy that alike
promises fieedom to the landand to put down the
rebels in the dust where they.ought to go. The
people have answeied the cavils of the gentleman
and Ins party.
He does not suppose that confiscation will bring
the war to a close. I think that it will, with glori-
ous fighting. I would have, too, the reduction
of the manufacture and of the consumption of
whisky. If men will drink, make them pay for it.
If they will get drunk, let them not call upon me
to he down with them in tiie ditch. It is an old
adage that those who lie down with dogs will rise
up with fleas. [Laughter.] We do not propose to
have whisky to carry an election. We can do
without it. All that we want is God and the flag
and our glorious soldiers. We carried the elec-
tion in Iowa, where the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Wood] did not choose to fill his ap-
pointments, against the hero of Fort Donelson by
thirty-two thousand majority; he, unfortunately,
having gone into the wrong pew. [Laughter.]
So much for that.
■ I hope sincerely, Mr. Chairman, that the tax
will be increased to $1 20 per gallon. If it be ob-
jected that there will be smuggling, f would ap-
point other custom-house officers, and have them
stationed every mile on the northern border, in
order to keep out the whisky, and to secure sober
officers and soldiers. And I would put a stop to
the consumption of that miserable whisky that
is so much used for the purpose of making modern
Democrats on election and other days.
Mr. CHANLER. Looking at this as a matter
of revenue, I congratulate the gentleman who has
taken his seat, who, for the purpose of supporting
the Administration to which he belongs, proposes
to increase the tax and to deprive the people of
the consumption of this article. He proposes to
increase the tax and to prevent the people from
drinking spirituous liquors. A most wonderful
Solomon m his day and generation \ The gentle-
man wishes a sober army—probably he alludes
to Chancelloisviiie. lie leaves the officers out, and
alludes to the privates. Sir, the intoxication of
our generals has been the curse of this country.
But the spirit which actuated the gentleman is not
of the wine-press. He is not drunk with spirit,
but with blood. Fanaticism can easily divine an
argument which deprivesa poor man of the neces-
sities of life, and which the gentleman admitted
was a necessity of life. The chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means asseitcd, in reply
to my colleague from New York the other day—
and it is the principle upon which this Adminis-
tration advances the tax upon spirituous liquors
—that "the poor devils will drink it, and they
shall pay for it." Who pays for it? The men
whose weary toil by day and night supports the
fabric of the nation. Nwer, since man has la-
bored, has he been able to sustain human toil
from the rising to the setting sun without the use
of that which God himself provided on the tree
thatgrows,and on the vine which shades ungrate-
ful juice, to stimulate him in his labor, m the dis-
charge of his duty, to i Hi eve the sufferings of his
body and the agony of Ins spirit. Can you ad-
minister to the mind diseased by an argument
such as yours? Can you stimulate him to noble
deeds while you refuse him what you have ad-
mitted as a necessity in his daily lifer In other
words, until you become temperate in argument,
it little becomes you to criticise intemperance in
daily life.
You have pointed with scorn at the corner gro-
ceries. Sir, 1 do not knowin this country of any
aristocratic coiner, unless it be in that section
whence the honorable gentleman, with his high-
born air, comes. The gentleman has a style pe-
culiar to himself, and u hilc he chooses to be per-
sonal with those who live on corners, perhaps he
would dislike to have them peisonally criticise
the style and color of his cravat.
Mr. GRINNELL. 1 will take off my cravat i
if it offends ihe gentleman. i
Mr. CIIANLER. Ifyouaieprejudiced against !
one man's taste, why may they not be prejudiced ]
against youis, if it is a mere matter of taste ? The I
language of the gentleman in assailing thtfse with j
whom he never associated is, accoiding to ail ]
principles of human logic, intemperate if not uu- ;
just. If he ever met a gentleman in the corneT ]
groceries of my district he would learn good man- ;
ners; certainly he would learn not to abuse absent !
men. If he did, he would go home a wiser if not !
a well punished man. j
But this is wandering from the subject. I would :
like to call the attention of the House to a nobler :
|| and a higher theme. -It is this: that there stalks
11 through every great city the gaunt wolf of hunger j
fl and distress, and this spirit of undue taxation is ;
the spirit of tyranny. I speak now not for the
corner grocery, but for fevcry poordistressed creat-
ure whom necessity, with cruel hand, has driven
into the fortifications of civilized life—the cities.
I speak for Philadelphia, founded by the philan-
thropy of Penn; I speak for Boston, the seat of
Attic wit; I speak for St. Louis, the nursery of the
civilization of the West; 1 speak for Cincinnati,
and for every'city west, southeast, and south. I
say that while you sit here and legislate with un-
due severity in reference to those articles which
the chairman of the Ways and Means admitted,
and which the eloquent gentleman of the red cra-
vat [Mr. Grinnell] also admitted, the people
musthave, and when you force them to payabur-
densome taxation for what you know they must
have, you are calling up from the depths of life
in the cities a resistance to your Government,
which, if your memory travels back to 1775, you
will find has written its record from Lexington to
Utah. Undue taxation is tyranny. Though Dr.
Johnson may have .written pamphlets to show
that taxation is no tyranny, Bunker Hill answered
him to the loss of his country. You tax, accord-
ing 10 the revenue bill brought into this House,
the beverages that pass the poor man's lips, the
clothes he wears, every article of food and every
necessity of life. And why do you stop short in
your aggressive system? Why not go further
and impose a tax upon the gray tombstone? -In-
deed, by taxing spirituous liquors, you absolutely
do tax the embalmed body. You leave nothing
within the whole scope of your legislation which
is not unreasonably, enormously, and unneces-
sarily taxed.
The only argument I have heard advanced here
on this question is that of necessity. I believe
that, in view of the oppressive character of this
system of taxation, that is the only argument
that can be advanced in its justification. But to
support that necessity, the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] the chairman of the.
Committee of Ways and Means, refers us to the
taxation system of England. That honorable
gentleman on more than one occasion has shown
a prescient mind. He has the credit of having
anticipated his party, and ccrtainlyin his position
as chairman of the Committee of Way sand Means,
in advancing the interests of his own State, he
lias anticipated every member upon this floor.
But here is a new position. A new light casts its
shadow over the history of this country; and the
finger of the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means points to the system of English taxa-
tion for American imitation. Arc the operatives
of Lancashire, the colliers and the minors of Eng-
land, and the other classes of oppressed opera-
tives of that country to be brought forward and
placed by the side of those who have escaped
from that system of tyranny and oppression, and
are living in the hope that this is a free country,
where human labor may toil on to the grave with-
out being taxed into degradation?
Does The gentleman mean to call up around us
ail the horrors of the system that now exists in
England? Has he been deaf to the arguments of
Cobden and Bright as to the injustice inflicted on
the laboring classes in Eng'and by heavy taxa-
tion, and as to the luin brought on them by the
stoppage of cotton importation ? The arrest of the
cotton-spinning wheels of Manchester is ruin to
the labor of England, but were it not for the su-
perincumbent weight of taxation the injury to the
cotton merest could not produce such widespread
misery. Look at this country as compared with
England. Judging from the statement of the Sec-
retary of ihe Treasury, who has given us such a
hopeful view of affairs, and from the message of the
Piesidciit of the United States, who is now pros-
pecting for pcace, and judging from every other
element around us, I think we have reason to be
proud of the position in which we stand. We
present the spectacle of a people, unburdened with
taxation, coming forward willingly with every
thing necessary to the support of the Government
and carryingittriumphantly through the most try-
ing crisis in our history. But reverse the picture.
Conceive the case of the people being burdened
with taxation, of distinctions being made between
the rich and the poor, of a feeling ofclass antipa-
thy, and then imagine what would have been our
position. Your national Treasury would be ex-
hausted. The people would refuse ^to meet your
demands in men and money. I believe that this
