B26&
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 25,
I repeat, my amendment dispenses entirely
with commutation; it leaves the law in reference
to substitutes to stand as it now is. It also re-
tains a portion of the third section of the original
bill as printed, providing that the President may,
in his discretion, order a draft for a less period
than three years—for one year. With some
verbal amendments the third section is the same as
in the printed l"li,with the addition of an amend-
ment already voted oh and adopted in the House
to the original bill, to come in at the end of the
eighteenth line of the fourth section. After pro-
viding that bounties should be paid—§100 for
one year, |2C0 for two years, and $300 for three
years—it is further provided that in case of the
death of a soldier in service any portion of his
bounty then remaining unpaid shall be paid to
his legal representatives; and in case of the hon-
orable discharge of a soldier from wounds or
sickness mcmied in the service while in the line
ofhis duty he shall receive the full bounty.
The sixth and seventh auctions of this substi-
tute, hei ng the same as the fifth and .sixth of the
original hill, arc still left, and t believe they aie
not objected to. They provide for add in#, as the
old law did, fifty per n nt. to the number drown,
so as to leave a nuugin, nnd not necessitate the
freqin nt  ep.'iition of the dm ft. They also pro-
vide for paying transpoitotion to persons going
to and from the place of rendezvous when they
have been drafted.
Then i mtioduce thiee sections that are not, in
any shape, or the matter of thein, in the b.il be-
fore the House. { propose to inttodnee as the
fouith Miction a provision that ilia (ted men, sub-
stitutes, and volnnleers when mustered in, shall be
oiganiz' d into, or ^a-nt to, region nt.-?, bauettes, or
other organizations of their own fc>lateis,and shall,
so far a a practicable, select their own regiments or
batteriea Irom among I hose of their own S'ates
which at the time of the assignment may not be
filled to their maximum number.
The object of the amendment is to keep, aa fai
as possible, drafted men, substitutes, and volun-
feeis, within the oignnizutions of their States,
Of course it will be impiaelicalde to put them
into an organization of their own selection if this
oigani/.ation was full. It provides, moreover,
that into \vhat'*vei regiments they are placed they
shall be kept within their own tit.ite organiza-
tions. They are not to be carried m!o the icgi-
meuts of oilier States e\en as substitutes or
drafted men.
The fifth section provides for an amemlment.of
the t wen tie th sect ion of the enrol I men t bill pas^i d
by th is Oongtess. The t wen! iet h sect om of thet
bill contains a clause placing it in the discretion
of the Secretary of War to discharge any minor
under eighteen years of age who nhajl have en-
listed without the consent of his parents or guard-
ians.
There seems to have been somedifltculty in the
practice under thi i law because of the di,ji i"tion-
ury p->wcr placed in the Secretary of War, who
held ih.it inasmuch as the old law held the minor
to cerv ice \vh"U he had s worn fo hi j {'ge, and del
notpeimlt anypioofto be <,i\en that he was
under eighteen yeais, and that he had not the
consent of he: parent:; or guardians, he had no
power to deichaig • siedi eniiMed man. The com-
Illltteo 11 oiU-(lr({ i ji,. quesiion in lelation to the
mi no j am! ei t ighieen yeai a of age a > one 1 ut ween
the Government and his parents or guaidians,
nnd iiot a:: between the Government and the mi-
nor.
The 5a,v in the several States of this Union, I
believe without an exception, recognizt $ twenty-
one years as the age of majo.Mty for a man, and
under all mdinary ciicnmstances the parent or
gundMn licit-; a claim upon the services of the
minor under twenry-one years of ag,e. ihit mil-
itaiy law, ovcnidiog that, lias declared the ago
of mibt >yy ^eivh,e to bvgm at eighteen, and tiie
minor ow r eighteen yeai j, although not twuity-
one yeois of age, is of course In Id by the mili-
tary S'M \ .ce, although the consent of Ins pau n t or
gu a'di in may not have been :nvcn. The qu. .-im i
th vi '* in i'd ifn n to minors b 'tween t <ghti tn
i e. > ,ii y-o'V ye i s ofege a; > ne between the
Go', ''i.oKvr < nd the man, "of wh^i he is found
3n *i '' s,_ j \!'i^ui'd'V the i eighteen it llidfc
beooima qucsvm bei >vet'n the Government and
the peae-its a d guardians of the- num.
f hold, then fore, that the consttuction which,
bccause of the oath of the minor under eighteen
years of age, notwithstanding the consent of his
parents or guaidians has not been given, con-
tinues him in the service against the will of his
parents or guardians is wrong1. I hold, and tiie
Military Committee hold, that it should be con-
strued as intended by the committee in the first
instance, and as I believe the House intended, to
require such minor to be discharged if required
by his parents or guardians. This section, there-
fore, provides that if upon proof that the minor
under eighteen years is in the service against the
consent of ins parents or guardians, and upon the
payment by them back to the Government of his
bounty and advance pay—upon eomplmncc with
all these conditions it shall be impeiativo upon the
part of the military authorities to discharge such
minor. Notwithstanding the fact that the boy
may swear that he is over eighteen, if the proof
is that he is under that age his parents or guard-
ians may require his discharge.
There is another clause in this section, and the
two constitute the whole section itself, which pro-
vidi s thatif hereafter any oUlcer shall knowingly
enlist into the service a boy under sixteen years
of age, with or without the consult of his pat-
ents oi gumdians, such person so enlisted shall
he immediately and unconditionally discharged
from the service, and such mustering oiTiccrshall
be dismissed from the service with fotfeiiuro of
pay and allowance, and sufllr such additional
punishment as a court-mai tial shall direct. The
law ptohibits the enlistment of such minors,and
we have thought it piopei to m ike it a etirne for
any mustering oifteei knowingly to enliat euch
boys into the service.
We have incorpoiated into our amendment,
too, the ps ovisions of a bill which wusmtioduced
into the blouse m the eai ly part of the session by
Air. l>lair,of Missouri, retailed to the Committee
nn iUsi story A If airs, i epoi ted by I hem, mid passed
by tin- ! louse on the 'jOta ot Fein uat y last with-
out di -seiii, authonzing the rccuntingand ( btam-
mg of .substitute •; or \olunteeis in Slates in ie-
b< 11 n >n, to be mustered in to the i egimuitc* of thode
States obtaining tin- lecruits.
Gentlemen are all familiar with the provisions
of this hill, and I ip'ed not repeat them. The
(31 ei k has read it at tin- desk as a pal t of my sub-
stitute. Gentlemen wdl find it as bill No. 2G1,
'and 1 have ptoposed it, slightly modified, as a
sepat ate s- ct ion of my lull.
Having t bus eKplaim d the bill [ have hut a rc-
Mdik oi t.wo more to ui.dve. The bill pu seined now
h a lull by w hieh 1 have sou eh t to i enio ve objec-
tions, and to commend it to gen tie uu n who seemed
In be opposed to t lie bill in its ot igin.d foi m; and
thou:;h 1 have stricken out, as a matter of vital
necessity, in the present condition of affairs as
\vv have good leason to believe nnd know, that
featuie lecommended as an amendment to the
law by the ['resident, the policy ot commutation,
yet in other respects the sections of the bilj fol-
lowing, 1 think, aie of sueii a character as will
commend it to the coimideiation of^eniiemen who
wete (Opposed to the l>ill as originally introduced.
1 have left in the pi o vision allowing substitutes,
hu! 1 have proposed a system win. h will encour-
age volunteei unc, and hy which the peoph; of a
l ai tie.nlar neighboi hood will, as 1 i emai ked once
itefoie, be eneouiagcd to act as a mutual aid so-
ciety to avoid the necessity ot a diait hy making
up a Mifiic.ent number to fill tiieir qu.-ta. And
to i nab!" them Uuther to do that,} have pio-
po.-.^d that when the Pr<isident makes a call for
one year he may accept volunteeis for one year,
slid pay bounty m addition to whatever in-
duce nn nts may be held out by the r>ou;hboi hor.d.
Then I go farther, and take away some of those
teatons of the bill which seemed to be harsh be-
cause they permitted minors to be In id to service.
I offer u provision, too, to save the objection
which has been made that persons might be taken
away fiotv. regiments of their own otufe, or sep-
auitcd irom men enlisted or diafted fiom their
own nc lijhboihood. The piovision recjunes that
thev shall, so for as possible, be put together m
i g-,[,i'nts b.y thems'-lves. with iivm fuon their
ovu nf.gh lv; Imodj a > well as i.i c eepann-S of
til '11 o ven St..tes.
rj'hon to nK'i t 'he ollid' diineuhy a-> >>:t nl nig
U|> tiie quota ot States where it is said the male
l o|)ulaiion is exhausted, i add bill No. 201 as a
part of this, a bill which has already commended
itself to the House, and been passed by a largo
majority, but permitted to sleep upon the table
of the Senate.
I might occupy the time of the House in speak-
ing of the es&eimal importance of acting upon
this subject speedily, fiimly, and dccuiediy, so as
to sustain the Administration of tiie Government
in its attempts now to carry on this war to a suc-
cessful termination. I repeat only, however, the
conviction of my own mind, and it must be that
of most gentlemen here, that the President would
not make his application to us without reason.
It is essential, on account of the expiration of
the term of service of persons now enlisted, and
who by regiments are continually going out of
service, and because of loss in battle and other-
wise, to make some stringcntlegislation to fill up
the ranks of the Army, or even to keep up the
Army to its present standard. For one, lam not
satisfied with that, but that is essential, and to do
that this bill is essential. It is equally essential
not only to keep the ranks full, but to go beyond
that, and to put and keep in the field a iotce so
much superior to any the rebellion can muster m
order to put down as speedily as possible this
rebellion. For this rebellion must be put down;
if not this year, the next, if not next yeat,one
year, ten years, twenty years hence, no matter
how long, for the simple reason that a peace
made to-day upon terms proposed by some gen-
tlemen upon tins floor, as every sensible man
must know, would be a peace that would not last
thirty days. If we ever recognize this southern
confedeiae.y as a distinct nationality from these
United States, they living upon that side, and we
upon this, of a bolder line, extending fuun the
mouth of the Potomac to Mexico, thousands of
miles, we may expect a mataudmg guerrilla war-
fare, and murders and robberies, and everything
else which can disturb the peace of a nation.
Nothing- but an effectual putting down of the le-
beliion will put peace upon such giound that
peace can only stand on. And I would not give
a farthing £>r peace made upon any other teims
than the effectual crushing out of this unholy ie-
bellion.
Mi. Speaker, I go even further than that. Time
was when 1, conservative m my party, believed
tii.it we might live with the people over the botuer,
they having their peculiar institution of slavery,
and we not; time was, not only when 1 b(.be\ed,
but, believe now, that this wai was commenced on
their pait, not upon ours, entered on and prose-
cuted on our part not with any view to put an
end to slavery, not making that the object of the
war, although that would be the inevi'able con-
sequence; but when, dissatisfied with the guar-
antees of the Constitution and the laws passed
under it, the South threw the sword into the bal-
ance; when they said that these guaiantees of the
Constitution and the laws were not sufficient for
them,but that the sv/ord should give them stronger
and further privileges, and enable them to make
a slavery crusade; when war came upon these
trims, 1 say that although the war was notmado
to put down slavery, the consequence was as in-
evitable as fate that the result would be that sla-
very would be ended. As the war has progi es-a'd
from month to month, we have seen that that is
the inevitable result.
i do not believe that peace now made upon any
other teims than that this shall be a free repub-
lican countiy throughout all of the States which
compose it will last. I do not believe if a slave
weie to escape fi out one of those States and should
come into a State which did notrecognize slavery
that there would be a possibility of reclaiming
that slave. It is natural to expect that those who
recognize that property would not be satisfied
with that condition of things, and would attempt
by force to do that for which there is no law. If
the'guarantees of the Constitution and the laws
passed under that Constitution were not sufficient
when we were together as one nation, surely it
will not be expected that when separated by war
we could accomplish by tieaties, or compromises,
or mutual airangemcnts as between independent
nutions, what we could not peacefully do and
m liniam bet w-'eo States of the s ime Gov es nnient.
Therefore 1 say that I believe no peace w>n!d
last unk'&'S based upon the submission ot the
rebels in these States to the Constitution and the
laws of the land, and that submission accompanied
by doing away with that which has led to it ail,
