2^%
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 10,
alter .the second year, I will vote for his amend-
ment.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. I move to amend
the amendment of colleague1 by striking1 out
" first" and inserting 4t second."
Mt\ SWEAT. 1 hope that amendment will
be adopted.
Mr. SLOAN.1 That would give the company
three years to build the first fifty miles of the
road.
Mr. SWEAT. Not at all.
Mr. SLOAN'. My amendment is within one
year after the first year, which would give two
years, and the gentleman's amendment would give
three.
Mr. SWEAT. What I wish to provide for is
iiiat die company shall commence the work within
one year from the passage, of this act; and that
after that time they shall complete not less than
fifty miles of the road each year. My colleague
must be aware that it will require some time for
hooks to be Opened, the stock subscribed for, and
then for the engineers to locate the exact line of
the road. 1 need not inform him or any other
gentleman that the preliminary work for carry-
ing such a scheme as this successfully into exe-
cution must be immense. I do not think the time
slight;sted by the gentleman from Wisconsin
[Mr. Brown] is too long^ and I hope the amend-
ment to the amendment will be adopted.
The question being on the adoption of the
«h«Fi)dment to the amendment, 30 voted in the
aflii mahve, 24 in the negative—no quorum. *
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, called for
tellers.
'iVileis were ordered j and Messrs. SwEATrand
Washburne of Illinois, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 59, noes 40.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was then adopted.
The SPEAKER. The amendments having been
disposed of, the question recurs on ordering the
hill to be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. WILSON. This bill proposes to grant
fift y million acres of the public lands to the Peo-
ple'a Pacific Railroad Company, a corporation
treated by the Legislature of the State of Maine.
Now, sir, this proposes something which has
never been done by Congress, I Believe, up to this
time. Heretofore the grants of land in aid of the
construction of railroads have been either to States
or to corporations organized by act of Congress.
Mr. STEVENS, i see the gentleman is not
very well versed in these matters. The charter
of the Union Pacific railroad involved precisely
Die Same principles as this one.
Mr. WILSON. I think the gentleman is en-
tirely mistaken in that, if ho will examine the act
m reference to the Union Pacific Railroad Com-
pany, he will find that the organization of the com-
pany was provided for m the different sections of
the act.
Mr. STEVENS. The Union Pacific Railroad
Company was organized by the Government to
make a road through the Territories. In the
Stales that authority had been given by charters
granted under State laws of California and Kan-
rsao. The Union Pacific Railroad Company is
notnuthonzed lo make a foot of road through any
State of the Union.
Mr. WILSON. I understand that. The Union
Pacific Railroad Company has a corporate exist-
ence within the Territories where it is to exercise
i s powers, and its organization and its powers
were provided for in the act. But it is not so in
this case, and therefore I desire to know some-
thing about the People's Pacific Railroad Com-
pany, what its powers are, and what the extent
of us existence. We want to know something
about the powers conferred by the Legislature of
Maine upon a company to which it is now pro-
posed to grant fifty million acres of the public
lands. I think we ought to have some informa-
tion upon these points, and I trust the gentleman
from Pennsylvania will afford us that informa-
tion in that respect. I certainly think we ought
not to pass the bill without it, and I doubt whether
wo should pass it with that information.
Mr. SPALDING. I desire to record my vote
i £uinst the passage of such a bill. I understand
that one railroad to the Pacific is already pro-
vided for by the laws of Congress, and it will
probably require all our energies and resources 1
to carry that into affect.
We are attempting now, as I understand it, to
invest a private corporation from the State of
Maine with fifty million acres of the public lands
to carry through another railroad project tending
toward the Pacific. For whatgood end? Andat
what time is it that we undertake to make this heavy
donation? Why, sir, I read in the papers to-day
that our national indebtedness is $1,700,000,000,
and that indebtedness is hourly increasing. And
in view of this startling fact we are called upon
to give away our whole public domain and to rely
solely upon taxing the people of the different
States for the interest and principal of this enor-
mous debt. You are to throw away ail our gov-
ernmental resources, and then rely upon burden-
ing the people with taxes to pay this great national
indebtedness.
I protest against it. I think such legislation as
this will not be countenanced by the people, no
matter what party they belong to. Sir, I have
done.
Mr. SWEAT. I had occasion, Mr. Speaker,
to make some remarks upon this subject two or
three weeks ago, and I will say in the outset that
I will occupy the attention of the House but a
few moments now. I wish simpljrto reply to the
remarks of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Spald-
ing] who has just taken his seat. He objects to
giving away so much of our public domain. I
admit that the amount which is taken under this
bill is large—some forty million acres—but let
me ask that gentleman and all gentlemen what
that land is worth unless it is improved? And
how will you improve it unless you open avenues
to it? Why, these public lands of ours, let me
say to the gentleman from Ohio, he knows very
well are now opened to settlement at a mere nom-
inal price, and what are they worth? He asks,
who can justify himself in giving a vote in favor
of this bill, appropriating so large a number of
acres of the public lands looking to a project like
tins?
J do not like to make any invidious compari-
sons between this road and the central road> but.
let me ask these gentlemen how they can justify
themselves for giving to the Union Pacific road
$100,000,000 of the bonds of the Government,
and also a large land giant? And a proposition
is now pending before the House asking for an
additional subsidy, and my judgment is that that
additional subsidy will be given to the Union Cen-
tral Pacific railroad, not only in bonds but in ad-
ditional lands, if they require it.
Mr. Speaker, I do not propose to go at length
into a comparison of the value to the country of
these two roads. I undertook to prove the othei day
that this northern route is the great route pointed
out by nature, connecting the great water lines of
the continent. It is shorter, more easily built,
of more importance to the country, and of more
international importance, than any other route.
The Union Pacific Railroad Company comes here
asking Congress to give them additional aid; but
this bill simply asks for a grantofland. The bill
is so carefully worded that not a Single acre of
these lands can be appropriated by the company
till they shall have completed, and put in run-
ning order, this road by sections of twenty-five
miles each. If gentlemen have studied this mat-
ter, and see the importance of it, and are willing
to go for it in any other shape, let them say so.
If they object on the ground that this company
was chartered" originally by the State of Maine
let them say so, and we shall know where to find
them and how to meet them. This charter was
granted in 1860, out of deference to objections
made as to the power of Congress by just such
gentlemen as the member from Ohio [Mr. Spal-
ding] and others. The charter granted by the
Maine Legislature I hold in my hand. It is
drawn with great care and precision, regarding
the rights of the States through which this road
may pass. Some of the best and most responsi-
ble citizens of Maine, Massachusetts, New
Hampshire, Vermont, Rhode Island, Connecti-
cut, New York, Michigan, Iowa, Illinois, Min-
nesota, and other States, are on the list of corpo-
rators and of commissioners. And although I
do not care about having this grant made upon
the charter given by the State of Maine, except-
ing that it might facilitate operations, still, having
that view of the matter, I think it would be for
the interests of the country to have it passed in
aid of that charter. Andwhy? Because, under
that charter given by the State of Maine, the
commissioners have met and organized. They
know what is to be done. Their books will be
ready for subscription as soon as this bill shall
pass Congress; and they will be ready to put
their surveyors on the work within sixty day«.
I felt bound to reply to the gentleman from
Ohio on these two grounds. I hope the time has
long since gone by when there is to be any sec-
tional prejudice, any prejudice between one State
and another.
Mr. KASSON. Will the gentleman from Maino
yield to me for an inquiry ?
Mr. SWEAT. Certainly.
Mr. KASSON. I wish to say, first, that I be-
lieve thoroughly in the policy of aiding .the con-
struction of railroads by grants of public lands;
but my observation has taught me the necessity
of providing against a great latitude in the acqui-
sition of the privileges proposed by bills like this.
The two points to which I call the attention
of the gentleman from Maine are these: fiist,
whether this great grant will not practically inure
much more to the benefit of the British provinces
north of the United States than to the benefit of
the United States themselves. The second point
is whether there ought not to be a provision
which, on my motion, was incorporated into a
resolution amendatory of an act granting lands to
certain railroads, which operates, without legis-
lation, a return of the lands granted and not earned
by construction, at any period when the provis-
ion with reference to construction is not complied
with.
These are the two points that trouble me with
reference to this bill; and 1 hope the bill will be
modified so as to meet these points.
Mr. SWEAT. With reference to the last sug-
gestion made by the gentleman from Iowa, if I
understand him, I should have no objection to that
being incorporated in the bill. 1 have simply to
say, in response to his first suggestion, that if I
believed it would benefit the people of the British
colonies as well as the people of the Noithwest
that would not change my mind in regard to the
propriety of the passage of this bill. And I say
to the gentleman that when he takes into consid-
eration the territory of British Columbia as well
as our own territory, he will find that a road built
on the forty-seventh parallel of latitude is in fact
a central route, and if we can make the people in
British Columbia tributary to our own road I see
no objection to it.
But, sir,as I said the other day, this matter has
been considered by the British Government and
by Biitish capitalists,and they will, it is believed,
buiid a road through the Bnti.sh possessions to
Puget sound if this road is abandoned. It ia
well known that on the northern side of Lake Su-
perior and through the British possessions the
grades are heavier and the work more difficult of
construction-; and for the purpose of having a road
opened up which will answer their purposes of
communication these British capitalists are willing
to invest their money in building a road through
our territory as far south as the forty-seventh de-
giee of latitude. Our territory extends to the forty-
ninth degree, and if assistance of that description
can be obtained from British capitalists, is that an
objection to the scheme?
The matter of raising money sufficient to con-
struct a work of such gigantic proportions is one
of serious consideration. Where are the means
to be raised? Even for the construction of the
central road, m order to raise the money required
upon United States bonds, you have got to go
across the water for it; and why ? Because money
is cheaper there. Now, then, if upon this north-
ern road money can be procured from English
capitalists, as 1 believe it can be to a very large
amount, is not that a very important ad vantage ?
Upon the central road two mortgages are already
provided for: one to the Government and one to
the load; and hence it will be impossible to se-
cure private subscriptions based upon the security
of the road itself. Now, the State of Maine has
no interest in this matter of any description what-
ever aside or different from what the State of Ohio
ought to have.
Mr. SPALDING. I beg to say that I have no
sectional feeling about the matter in connection
with the State of Maine. 1 am troubled, and
