1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1317
upon a breastwork by a slave, or a message car-
ried for an officer by a slave, or the pitching a
tent by a slave, or even the cooking of food for a
soldier, would have been construed as an em-
ployment in the scrvicc of the United States, and
have entailed an expense of thousands to pay for
the slave and his family. ■
Where a slave is employed in the military ser-
vice of the United States, actually puts on our
uniform, and serves with us in the military ranks
as a soldier, I am willing to guaranty him his
freedom, and have always been so; but where his
service is a mere incidental matter, not connected
with the military service, so broad a proposition
as that of the Senator from Kansas would have
been indefensible and unjust. I opposed it on
that ground; and here are my remarks on* that
subject, and in these very remarks I go on and
state distinctly that I did not wish to limit the
power of the President to employ slaves for any
purpose whatever, that I wanted them employed
in the military and naval service, and that I did
not wish to extend emancipation to cases where
the slaves had not rendered military service. I
did not wish to make the putting down of the re-
bellion a mere pretext to destroy slavery, when
the object of the war is not to destroy slavery,
but to protect our nationality and maintain the
authority of the Government against rebels in
arms against it. And, sir, the Senator from Min-
nesota with discreditable unfairness applies my
language against this crude amendment to slaves
who actually assume the perils of war by taking
their places la our ranks, when he must have
known that 1 have uniformly insisted that mili-
tary service by a slave carried with it, as an in-
evitable incident, emancipation for himself and
family and compensation to a loyal master.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I hope the Senator
from Ohio will allow me a word.
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I know that the Sen-
ator from Ohio does not intend to do me injustice,
although he speaks of a proposition emanating
from me as absurd and ridiculous. As he has so
spoken, I desire to say a word in defense of my
proposition, which was to place a loyal slave-
holder in the same situation that I occupy. When
the Government seizes my property, I have a
claim against the Government for that property.
So with the loyal slaveholder, if it be true that
the slave is property, he has the same claim upon
the Government that 1 would have. An appro-
priation in advance to pay the slaveholder is not
required, in my opinion, any more than an ap-
propriation to nay for my property. They seize
my property without an apps opriatinn, and i
have my claim upon the Gove i nment. 1 proposed
in that amendment to free the mother, the wife,
and tlie children of the soldier or the employe in
the Government service, leaving the slaveholder
•in the same situation that I. myself, would bo in
jf my property was seized by the military author-
ities of the country.
Mr. SHERMAN. I certainly do not wish to
do the Senator from Kansas any injustice, because
he is a fiank man; and I n*ed not tell him that
his relations and mine are very kmdiy, and 1
would not do him injustice, i do not think that
I charactcnzeu Ins proposition as absurd, hut I
think it is indefensible. Here is the argument,
just as it occurred. While the Senator was speak-
ing, it seems I put this question to him:
"Mr. Shejiman. The Senator from Kansas would
scarcely take the slave of a loyal person without paving tor
him.''
Then came the answer:
4k Mi. Lake, of Kansas. J propose to pay."
My reply covered the objection:
"Mr. Sherman. Then the question is, is the Govern-
ment of the United States able, at this tune, to pay for atl
the slaves who may be employed temporality, even ior an
hour, in the seivice of the Government?"
There is the answer which I gave to that ques-
tion; and J went on then to discuss the matter, to
show that under his proposition if a slave was
employed for but an hour to carry a message, or
to drive a mule team, or to do any act whatever,
that slave and his family would be emancipated
and the Government would be bound to pay the
money for them. 1 showed how much that would
cost, and I opposed it on that ground, and I be-
lieve the amendment was finally withdrawn, or
at any rate it was net pressed to a vote so far as
I can see. So the Senator, I think, was partially
convinced by my reasoning. The debate went
on; but the amendment was never pressed to a
vote,* And yet what I said in this incidental de-
bate against paying for slaves not employed in
the military service is tortured and perverted by
the Senator from Minnesota to show that I was
not willing to pay for slaves actually enrolled and
employed as soldiers. What fairness is this to
a political friend even if he is classed among the
timid men who roll constitutional logs in the way
of our armies ?
But, Mr. President, let us come back to the vote
for which I am arraigned. When the bill was
reported to the Senate the vote was taken upon
the amendments seriatim by yeas and nays after
some further debate. The vote upon the prin-
cipal amendment, which I offered, and for which
1 am arraigned, was yeas 21, nays 14. Among
the yeas I am happy to find myself in very good
company. 1 will read the yeas who belonged to
the political organization of which I am proud to
be a member. They were: Messrs. Anthony,
Browning,Cowan, Doolittle, Fessenden, Foster,
Harris, Henderson, Howe, Lane of Indiana,
Sherman, Simmons, Ten Eyck, and Willey. It
seems to me that for voting with these Senators
upon a proposition .that was earricd by a large
majority of the Senate, it is rather too hard for
that Senator to arraign me in my absence as be-
ing a timid man who wanted to put blocks in the
way of the Government, and a man who may
properly be classed with the New Yoik Herald,
to be "whistled down the wind." The Senator
has not the caliber to do it, sir.
J do not know that it is necessary for me to
pursue this matter any fuither. There are fur-
ther extracts fiom this speech which I might pie-
sent, but I will not follow it further. In the ar-
raignment which it makes, the votes to which I
have called attention are the only votes that are
brought up and the only charges made against
me. It will be remembered that a year or two
ago the Senator from Minnesota was not so warm
in his admiration of the President as he is now.
If I would follow his bad example I might quote
his language about the President that is neither
polite nor agreeable. Dut he is a radical. And
yet, when I am away,he says that my radicalism
now, evinced by my recent speech, is probably in
consequence of the approaching presidential elec-
tion. He says that 1 am becoming more radical
as the presidential election onproaches, imputing
tome a motive that he must have known to be
false. Whenever I find amanimpuung improper
motives, I always watch him, Iestthesame impu-
tation might be cast upon him. You seldom find
Senators or citizens seeking dishonorable motives
in otheis unless they are guided by such motives
in their search.
Sir, I am independent of the President of the
United States. 1 have supported hie admimsira*-
tion wheiever I thought it was r ght, and m the
mi-.in throughout. I did not say in the specch
which 1 made here the other day a single unkind
word of him. I did not say anything but what the
Senator himself was compelled doubting!)' to in-
dorse. J am wilhmr to lender him a fair and" manly
suppott. I yield to„his high office the respect
due to the Chief Magistrate of a great nation; but
I claim for my&clf the quality of independence,
and in the office I h^ld from the people of Ohio
to be equal to any other Senator on this floor, and
as such the right to cnticise the public acts of
President or constable.
What a spectacle was presented here when the
Senator from Minnesota attempted to divide the
great Union party into two equal divisions! On
the very amendment he tolks about, as many
Union Senatois voted with me as voted with him.
Why then draw a line of demarkation right in
the midst of this great triumphant party, and say
that on the one side are true and loyal men, and
on the other timid men who throw constitutional
clogs in the way of our armies?
I ask the Senator if his position in the country
is such as to entitle him to make this broad dis-
tinction? No, Mr. President; we must stand
shoulder to shoulder,wo muststand side by side,
in thisconttst. We have a duty to perform. We
must render ours here in the Senate with manly
independence. The President has a still higher
duty. Let him perform his, and he shall have my
hearty and cheerful support. Let the Army per-
form their duty. Let us cast no firebrands; let us
have no quarrels, no contentions. Let us reason
with each other like men,asindependentcitizens.
Anything like division or distraction in the ranks
of the Union party would be fatal to our cause.
Our adversaries are watchful and ever eager tty
seize upon these declarations. They will seize
upon that atrocious sentiment uttered bytheSen-
ator from Minnesota, and they will herald it all
over this country and make honest, confiding peo-
ple believe that such is the sentiment which dic-
tates the policy of the Union party. I disclaim
it; I denounce it; and I say no such sentiment was
ever acted upon by that party.
But the gentleman speaks for the President, or •
rather seems to speak for him, because I know he
does not. On each and every one of the very votes
for which he has arraigned me, the President of
the United States, if he had been sitting in this
body, would have voted, with me. Who doubts,
it? who denies it? who controverts it? Upon the.
very propositions on which I am arraigned, the
President, if he were here, would have voted with
me. No one questions it. And yet, sir, we are
to be arraigned before the country substantially
as having been false to our duty, as being timid
counselors in a time of war, as throwing the Con-
stitution as an impediment in the way ofour Army,
doing what we can to prevent the success of the
cause. Sir, such a policy as that is will never suc-
ceed.
I have already said more than I intended to say
when I rose, but 1 could not allow this remark-
able speech made in my absence to pass unno-
ticed, and I have taken the earliest and first op-
portunity to reply to it thus briefly.
Mr. WILKINSON. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator from Ohio seems to think that in my speech
last week I arraigned every gentleman who voted
with him on the propositions to which I then re-
ferred. 1 did nor, intend to arraign those honor-
able gentlemen, for the simple reason that the hon-
orable Senator from Ohio is the only one of all
those Senators who voted with him on those oc-
casions that has risen in the Senate and assailed
the President of the United States for his con-
spivatism and his backwardness on the question
of emancipation. The honorable Senator from
Ohio took occasion to say that owing to the " con-
servatism" of the President, and owing to his
" backwardness" in arming the negroes and giv-
ing them their freedom, the State of Ohio a year
ago last fall was lost to the Republican party and
given over to the Democracy. Let me read his
exact words on that point, for I prefer to hold the
honorable Senator to the record rather than to fol-
low him in his vague and general denunciations.
The honorable member seems to regard it as very
unkind in me to reft-r to his past record, but had
felt no backwardness in attacking the President
for his past official acts. He said:
f*<> fat w:t> this rori-iervati-'ia can rod—fir [ will call it
by the uatii!- it> tuc-iuU choose lor it—that the political
paity to which the President belongs lo«te\cry election last
lull.* Ohio h now represented in the other Uotike of Con-
giess by thirteen gentlemen who certainly do not tepresent
the opinions of the majority of her people, and who owe
their sears entirely to Uk: dlsuouiajrement caused by the
mode in which the war was conducted. The whole of this
state of ieeitng grew out of the backwaidness of the Pres-
ident in meeting this question of emancipation and the
employment of negroes in this wai."
Now, Mr. President, of all the conservative Re-
publican Senatois, of all those who voted and
acted with the Senator from Ohio, he is the only
one who has risen here to arraign the President
for his "conservatism," and that is the reason
why I singled out that Senator as justly entitled
to criticism for the course which he had pursued.
As I said before, the President of the United States
lias not been as far in the advance as I think he
ought to have been: but I said then, and I now
repcat,tyatit does not lie in the mouth of the Sena-
tor from Ohio to utter a rebuke against the Pres-
ident for his "conservatism" and his "backward-
ness" on the questions of emancipation and the
employment of slaves m our Army.
The Senator rebukes me for paving used certain
language in my speech the other day, and I must
say that he took a great deal of pains to garble my
speech, for he refused to read the whole of that
part of it to which he objected, and read only
enough to form a basis for a severe rebuke to me
for expressing a willingness to violate the Consti-
tution of the United States, if necessary to save the
country. I \^!1 read the whole paragraph to which
