1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
271.
desirable to stop the growth of corn in the west-
ern country, if it were for the interest of Iowa,
or nf Illinois, or of Ohio to prohibit by this means
the raising of that article, perhaps I might go for
the amendment which the gentleman has pro-
posed. I believe there is more corn raised 111 that
country than can be used for fattening hogs or
cattle, and therefore it should be used for fatten-
ing, not hogs, but men. [Laughter.]
I am opposed to the amendment. I donotknow
•whether eighty cents per gallon would rcduce the
revenue; but it would bear unreasonably upon
that branch of business that needs spirits. There-
fore I am against it.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Fernando
Wood] stated that this might overturn the Gov-
ernment and the Administration before the rebel-
linn was suppressed, very much to the grief of
that.eloquent gentleman I have no doubt. lam
therefore for sustaining the committee in the ac-
tion they have taken, and I should be sorry to
see it changed.
As I do not intend to go into a political discus-
sion, 1 will move that the committee do now rise.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. Is it the gentle-
man's intention to cutoff amendments to the bill?
Mr. STEVENS. No, sir; nor'proper expla-
nation of them.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Cox re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had, according to order, had
the Union generally under consideration, and
particularly the amendment to the internal reve-
nue law, and had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 move that when the com-
mittee again resume consideration of this bill, gen-
eral debate thereon be closed in one minute there-
after. The bill will then be open to five minute
debate.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended and that the House resolve itselfinto the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
INTIOllNAL REVENUE.
The House accordingly lesolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Cox in the chair,) and resumed the consid-
eration of the revenue bill.
The CHAIRMAN. General debate will be
closed in one minute.
Mr. LOVEJOV. 1 withdraw my amendment
and move to amend by striking outfiom line ten
the words " sixty cents on each and every gallon, "
and inserting the following:
Foitv oe.nH per gallon on all maimfactuiod bet'oie the
passage ot flu: act, and u(><>n winch duties have not been
paid; alj o upon all which may foe manufaetuteu heiote the
Kf of.Mny, 1801. and upna alt nianwfiu-nued nftei the 1m
day of M.iv and hefoie the Nt d ot July. 1S61, a dutv of
sixty cents'; and on a!! mainnactined attei the ls-t of July,
ltOl, a duty of one dollar per gallon.
[ have simply to say, in reference to this matter,
that 1 have looked upon it simply as a question
of revenue, and not of morals or of tempeiance;
and I am satisfied that is the only legitimate vie w
we can fake of it here. We are attempting to raise
a revenue, and I understand from the very best
authority that those who are to be affected by this
act, and who have been affected by previous sim-
ilar acts, have been prompt in their lesponse to
the claims of the Government, and have paid the
duties Congress imposed upon them. J am not
pai ueular as to the rate of ihe tax. If one dollar
is too much, I am willing it should be sixty or
eighty cents; but this one thing I hope will be
done, that wo shall put it at such a figure that wc
shall not be called upon to change it hereafter,
and subject these men to constant annoyance and
uncertainty. Whetherthe manufactuie isa moral
or an immota! one, the question is, what is just,
when we propose to tax the manufacturer. We
all understand perfectly well that the most desir-
able thing in legislation is that it should be of a
permanent character, in order that those who are
to be affected by it may know that it is not to be
changed. I do not know whether the committee
have come to the conclusion in their own minds
that sixty cents is the maximum tax. Very likely
' before the close of this session, if not this session
then the next, they may come back and say we
should put on twenty or forty cents more. All 1
ask is that we shall fix upon some sum and there
leave it, for I do not think it just, after the manu-
facturer has purchased the raw material for man-
ufacture, that we should turn round and spring a
new law upon him, and make it apply to what
he has already manufactured. This law is made
to operate against those who have distilled and
►.have happened not to pay the duty of twenty
cents. It a man has purchased and paid the twenty
cents, he has the benefit of the rise; while the
original manufacturer, because he happens to
have it on hand at the time, must pay this ad-
ditional duty.
Mr. STEVENS. The committee, in their bill,
have said "or may have made a return," sup-
posing all had made returns tn-monthly. We
find, however, that many have not,and therefore
the committee have agreed upon an amendment
to meet that state of the case, and it will be offered
by some member of the committee.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Then i understand thecom-
mittee propose to exempt aii which the distilleis
have on hand, and that obviates the difficulty I
had in my mind.
I agree with the gentleman from Pennsylvania
that this is not a sumptuary question, but simply
a question of justice toward these men from whom
we propose to derive the revenue. I think they
are entitled to know that the law shall be perma-
nent, and then their business will adjust itself to
the tax which is established. If the committee
think my amendment does not carry the rate too
high, 1 should be glad to have them concur in it.
If, after considering the subject, they shall say
that sixty cents is the ultimate maximum, I shall
be content to stop there; but if they think it will
hereafter have to be raised above that, I hope that
will be done now.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. Has the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Loyljoy] withdrawn his
amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. He withdrew his original
amendment, but offered another in lieu of it.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. I understood the
gentleman fioin Illinois to say that the explana-
tion made by. the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means obviated the necessity of his
amendment, mid that he withdrew it.
The CHAIRMAN. It is still pending.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. Then I only de-
sire to say with reference to that amendment that
I think it is objectionable on the ground that it
makes too many classifications in the operation
of the law. 1 think that we have been disap-
pointed in the amount of levenue collected under
tlu.3 excise by the difficulty of making the assess-
ment and collection under the law. If revenue
is the object it is desirable that we should sim-
plify K as much as possible, so that the officers of
the Government may have no difficulty in levy-
ing the taxes and preventing any deception. It
strikes me that the only objection to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Illinois is that it will
necessarily lead to confusion which will enable
very huge quantities of the article which we pio-
pose to tax' to escape from theopeiation of the law.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. I mo veto amend
the amendment of the gentleman from Illinois by
striking out all of it after the words " strike out
sixty cents and insert, "and inserting in lieu there-
of "fifty cents;" and I will state briefly my ob-
ject in doing so.
I asrec with gentlemen upon the other side of
the House that this is purely a question of reve-
nue, and that we cannot go into the question of
the molality or immorality of the liquor trade.
By the very fact that the Government undertakes
to derive an income from the trade they acknowl- j
edge it to be legitimate. We want a permanent :
tax on tins article, and one that will not be so high j
as to inteifere with the ptofit which the Govern-
ment expects to derive from it; but I see in the
proposition of the gentleman from Illinois that
which will produce the very evils of which he
complains. We have tried a tax of twenty cents
on the gallon, and it seems to me that if, in this
experimcntas to how much taxapaiticularbi&nch
of industry will beat, we increase the amount one
! hundred and fifty per cent., we are making a suffi-
cient snike a'one time. The m-jximfostiua lenti
applies in legislation as well as in other things,
and we may by over-greed defeat the very object
we have in vie'w. I do think that if, instead of
a tax of sixty cents, or the proposition of the
gentleman from Illinois, we impose a permanent
tax of fifty cents, we shall oe increasing the
amount of taxation on this article sufficiently at
the present time.
The amendment to the amendment was disa-
greed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Lovejot's amend-
ment. .
Mr. COFFROTH. Is an amendment now in
order?
The CHAIRMAN. An- amendment to the
amendment is in order.
Mr. COFFROTH. Then I offer as an amend-
ment to the amendment whatl send to the Clerk's
desk, to come in after line thirty-five of the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. Thatisnotinorder. The
amendmentof the gentleman from Illinois relates
to a preceding portion of the section.
Mr. COFFROTH. Then I will offer it as an
amendment to the amendment of the gentleman
from Illinois.
The CHAIRMAN. Perhaps it would not be
germane to that.
Mr. COFFROTH. If the Chair will hear it
read he will be better able to decide that question.
The proposed amendment was read,as follows:
Provided further, That no return of liquor distilled need
be made to the collector or deputy collector by any distiller
undet thirty days unless the amount distilled exceeds five
hundred gallons.
The CHAIRMAN. That is in order as art
amendment to the amendment.
The question was taken; and the amendment
to the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr.-HOLMAN. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Illinois by stnking
out that pai t of it which provides for a tax of forty
cents on all the whisky that may have been man-
ufactured prior to the passage of this act.
I only desire to say, in connection with this
proposition, that the bill reported by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means does not propose to
impose this additional tax upon spirits rnanufac
tured prior to the tunc when this bill was intro-
duced . The foi ty-fourth section of the act of 1862
expiessly auihoiizes the manufacturer to store up
mauufactiued spirits in a warehouse provided for
that purpose, and he is not required to pay the
duty on the spirits so stored until it is removed
for sale. The only effect of that portion of the
amendment of the gentleman from Illinois which
I propose to strike out is to impose the additional
tax of twenty cents per gallon on spirits which
have been stored in conformity with the provis-
ions of the forty-fourth section of the original act;
and I take it for gianted that such a monstrous
injustice will not be tolerated for a moment.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Chairman, I am opposed
to the amendment of the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Holman,] because I am opposed to the
whole amendmentof the gentleman from Illinois.
I suppose tliat our object m levying a tax at this
time is to obtain levenue, and to obtain it in a fair
and legitimate mode. The proposition to tax
whatever quantity may be on hand which has not
been subjected to a tax is, in my view, wholly
impracticable. Gentlemen on the other side who
are so loud in their denunciations of the army of
tax-gatherers necessary for the collection of the
internal revenue would then have real occasion
to exclaim against the numbers whom that would
necessitate. Unless there should be inspectors in
every town and village it would not be collected.
I am opposed, Mr. Chairman, to increasing the
tax, because I am satisfied that the rate of sixty
cents per gallon will yield as much revenue as any
higher late would yield. 1 believe that that is the
utmost verge of taxation which this article will
now bear. The annual product of the country,
when icduccdto proof, is, in round numbers, one
hundred million gallons. We export something
less than ten million gallons; and I suppose it is
fair to say that the manufactures and arts con-
sume nearly ten million gallons more. But for
some considerable length of time there has been
no exportation of spirits; and whatever has been
distilled beyond the consumption of the country
has accumulated. The larger share of it is in the
hands of speculators; but you can no more reach
that speculation than you can reach the speculation
in gold, or in any other commodity. It is not the
distillers who are to be blamed for this specula-
tion in whisky. So far as I can learn, the facts
