1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE*.
with the institution of slavery which has been
the source of all the evil.
Willi the convictions I have received I would
no more attempt to heal up the wounds of the
body-politic leaving (fiat irritating cause there,
than ( would expect effectually to cure the body
of one of our poor soldiers shot by a rebel bul-
let leaving the ball in to fester and irritate and
fever the physical condition of the man. I do
this because I think it right and proper to have
it understood why I believe it essential^ import-
ant to strengthen the Army; to keep its ranks full;
to be suio of puttingdown the rebellion; for until
the rebellion is put down upon such conditions,
your compromises, your peace, your armistices
founded upon any other understanding will not
be worth the paper on which they are written.
Mr. ODELL. Mr. Speaker, I feel that it de-
volves upon me, as a member of the Committee
on Military Affairs, and in the minority in re-
gard to the repeal of the commutation clause,
which js the question now before the House, to
occupy the attention of.members for a few mo-
ments. I ask the chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs whether I understood him i ightly
in stating that there was no provision in his pro-
posed amendments for substitutes.
Mr. SCT-XENCK. It leaves the la\\*in regard
to substitutes just as it is now. It does not dis-
pense with substitutes.
Mr. ODELL. I have listened attentively to
the remarks of the gentleman from Ohio in rela-
tion to the amendments he proposes to this bill of
the committee. J know of none to which 1 ob-
ject, unless those relating to the striking out of
the first and second sections of the original bill,
which repeal commutation, and allow no substi-
tutes except fatherorbrotherof the person drafted.
Mr. Speaker, I am opposed to the repeal of the
commutation clause; and I have many reasons
which are satisfactory to my mind for my oppo-
sition to it. I know very well the position which
I occupy in being now m favor of retaining that
which two years ago I voted against; liable to the
cluugc of inconsistency I know 1 will be. lam
free to say that, as a member of the hist Con-
gress, when the first conscription was passed, I
voted against it, because it contained this com-
mutation clause. I must in candor say that when
I went home to my constituents and mingled with
them I found I had made a mistake. The pro-
vision which I thought discriminated against the
poor man was regarded favorably by the poor
man, and the operation and enforcement of the
law demonstrated this truth.
Gentlemen on the other side will probably re-
fer to that vote. But the provision is found to be
acceptable to the people. In many portions of
the country > in my own city and State, there are
thousands of men who have exempted themselves
from military seivice for three years by paying
the s300 commutation, as provided by the act ap-
proved March 3, 18G3, section thirteen, and they
have m their pockets the certificate ot the Gov-
ernment. Hut the bill presented by the chairman
of the Committee on Mihtaiy Affairs depnves
those who may be hereafter diafted from having
the same privilege as those aheady drafted have
had. The State of New York and many other
States have furnished their quotas. Many States
have had no duift, and therefore the enactment ot
this law would be a discrimination against them.
The gentleman from Indiana says that his State
will be in that condition. So will Illinois and
New Jersey and many others. I think we ought
to legislate"in this matter so as to let the people
understand that we have a fixed principle and
purpose about this thing.
Another serious objection to the proposition to
repeal the commutation provisions of piescnt
laws, and which further proposes that no substi-
tutes shall be furnished outside of the drafted
man's family, is in the fact that in the operation
of such a law it would be most destructive in Us
tendency to the commeieial and mechanical in-
teiests of the country. While we should legis-
late to reinforce our armies in the field, and pass
such laws as shall do it speedily and efficiently,
yet it m only the part of wise statef-nicn to do it
with as little oppression to the business ot the
country as may be. The bill proposed would
not uipidiy, as expedience has shown, fill up <>m
armies, and would tend to destioy our commer-
cial and industrial interests. The authorities
have tried-both systems, drafting and volunteer-
ing, with bounties, and my conviction is the lat-
ter has proved the more efficient mode of raising
men.
I know that the gentleman has told the House
that this hill is absolutely necessary for reinfor-
cing the Army. I do not fall one whit behind
that gentleman, and I am surrounded by men on
this side of the House who feel as earnest and
anxious as he or any other man can be that the
Army shall be reinforced and the Government
sustained. The State which 1 in part represent
was among the first m this war, and will be the
last outof it. The appeal made by the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] to pass this bill, and
thus to indicate that we mean to sustain the Gov-
ernment, falls without effect upon mc and upon
others by whom I am suirounded, and upon the
thousands whom I represent.
The gentleman's colleague, [Mr. Garfield,]
and my colleague on the Committee on Military
Affairs, stated, a fewdaysago, that the vote given
here—which was against the repeal of commuta-
tion, and a very decided one it \v<is m its majority
—was a vote to stop the war. I should like to
know fiom the gentleman from Ohio what light
he has to enticiso the votes of gentlemen on that
occasion, and from whom does he obtain hisau-
thority to lecture the membeis thus voting. I dis-
claim his right to say that we are for stopping the
war. I am no more in favor of stopping the war
until the rebellion is subdued than either of the
gentlemen from Ohio. But I believe there is a
better way to reinforce the Ai my than is now
proposed by the chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs. 1 believe that the thitd and
fourth sections of the bill which provides for a
draft for one year, and pays bounty of $100 for
one yenr, ^00 for two yeais, and ^300 for three
yeais, wiii do ali we need done m (ho way of re-
inforcing the Army. It will be done by voluntary
enlistment, with the bounty which the hill pro-
vides. I have not the facts and figuies which the
gentleman from Maine [Mr. Blaine] presented
here the other day; but all that he said about
them was tiuc. They were the vvoist cases that
the provost marshal could pick out. The State
of New York stands to-day four thousand men
ahead of the demands < f the Government. The
city of New Yoi k, w ith Us huge Democratic ma-
jorities, which is often ri'lened to by gentlemen
"on the other side, not In terms of commendation for
loyalty, is nineteen bundled men ahead, to-day,
of'the demands of the Government.
There are now organizations recently formed
of the best men of the city of New Yoi k, men of
influence and wealth, for the very purpose that
the Army may be r< niforced, that men may be
induced to volunteer, and that a dratr ma*y be
avoided. So also with the city of Biooklyn,
from which I come. The people of that city are
willing and anxious to aid the Government in
every possible way, as they have been from the
beginning of this wicked ieb 'lhon. Our muni-
cipal and county authorities are both r^ady and
Willing to coopeiate with the Geneial Govern-
ment in this landable work of raiding men to our
armies m the field. Tli-y aie ready with labor
and means both to aid the Piesidenr find Sccie-
tHiy of Vvr;ir. But we have uur opinions about
this matter. It may be unwise, i hope it will not
! be considered unpatiiotic, that we difter with the
President, with the Secretary of War, and with
the Provost Marsha] General of the Hinted States;
but, sir, my conviction is as clear as it can be
upon any question that if our armies aie to be
remfoiced by such men as the Govt mmeat want,
and bycufh as all of us desire to h?ve in the field,
they will be reinforced by volunleerng under
such inducements by bounties and compensation
as may be nicessaiy to accomphsh that purpose.
Tim House cleuriy indicated Us sentiments
upon this subject the day befoie yesteiuay, and
I hope we shall stand fast to tl^e position we then
assumed and not be forced into coiicuirence with
the position which is now a&sumod.^ 1 have no
ft ars as to what the result may be n tnar position
is adhered to, in my own State nor in any other
State in tin- Union. The men will ho furnished.
J t is down deep in fhe hetu'is ot the people ot this
Union th<u this Government is to be sustained,
that u isto in-.saved, and with none r*rron<>ei than
with the party with whom i act. ^ Thrie is no
patty in this country more earnest in their desire
or determination to sustain this Union than the
Democratic party. We are for carrying on this
war until the rebellion is put dbwn; anu, as.the
gentleman from Ohio remarked, let it belong or
let it be short, the war must go on until it reaches
a successful result. New York will be found
ranged side by side with Ohio'and every other
State that is ready to place all the men, all the
money, and all the power of the country at the
disposal of the Government rather than fail in
the accomplishment of that object. This Union
is to be preserved. Ay,sir, and we believe that
we have men enough and money enough, ships,
shot, and shell enough to put down this rebellion.
You may rest assured it will be done.
Mr. GARFIELD. Mr. Speaker, the honora-
ble gentleman who lias just taken his scat [Mr.
Odell] has seen fit to refer to a remark which I
made on the last occasion when the proposed re-
peal of the commutation clause was before the
House. 1 do not think he intended to misrepre-
sent me, yet he did so.
I did not take it upon myself to criticise the
individual acts or votes of any member of this
House. But, sir, it is my right to animadvert
upon the action of this House, and the effects of
its policy. This right 1 have hitherto used in
such manner as I deemed proper; and while I
have the honor of a seat m this body 1 shall con-
tinue to use it. On that occasion I Jid, as the
gentleman states, declare it as my opinion that
we had reached a point in the progress of events
where we must decide to repeal the commutation
clause or give up the successful prosecution of
tiie war. "l did not then believe, nor do 1 now
believe, that the \ote then taken was such a de-
cision; but 1 did believe, and I yet believe, that if
the policy indicated by that vote shall be persisted
in, if the commutation clause be permanently re-
tained in the law, if no more efficient law be passed
this session for filling up our armies and supply-
ing the waste of battle and disease, the rebellion
cannot be put down during the lifetime of the
Thirty-Eighth Congress.
I go further. If this Congress shall leave the
law as it now stands and the next Congress re-
peats the folly, I do not believe the rebellion will
be put down during the continuance of the next
Congress, nor at all while the incubus of com-
mutation weighs down the present law. In my
Judgment that clause stands directly m the way
of filling up our armies.
Mr. Speaker, it has never been my policy to
conceal a truth merely because it is unpleasant. It
may be well to smile m the face of danger, but it
is neither well nor wise to let danger approach un-
challenged and unannounced. A brave nation, like
a brave man, desires to see and measure the perils
which threaten it. It is the right of the American
people to know the necessities of the Republic
when they are called upon to make sacrifices for
it. It is this lack of confidence in ouiselves and
the people,this timid waiting for events to control
u.3 when they should obey us, that makes men
oscillate between hope and feai; now m the sun-
shine uf the hill-tops, and now m the gi<<em and
shadows of the valley. To such men the morn-
ing bulh'tin which heiaids success in me Army
gives exultation and high hope; the evening dis-
patch announcing some slight disaster to our ad-
vancing columns biings gloom and depression.
Hope rises and falls by the accidents ol war as
the mercury of the thermometer changes by the
accidents of heat and cold. Let us rather take
for our symbol the sailor's barometer, which
faithfully forewarns him of the tempest and gives
him unerring promise of serene skies and peace-
ful seas.
No man can deny that we have grounds for
apprehension and anxiety. The unexampled
magnitude of the contest, the enormous expendi-
tures of the war, the unprecedented waste of bat-
tle bringing sorrow to every loyal fireside, the
courage, endurance, and desperation of oui en-
emy, the sympathy given him by the monarchies
of the Old World as they wait and hope for our
destruction, all these considerations should make
j us anxious and earnest, but. they should not add
j one hue of despair to the face of an American
! citizen, they should not abate a tittle ot his heart
i and hope. The specters of defeat, b&nkiuptcy,
i and repudiation have stalked thiough (his Cham-
1 her evoked by those gentlemen who see no hope
I for the Republic in tiie aibitrament of war, no
