1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL;
very much in doubt, whpther we will have land
enough left to fill this grant after taking up wh.«t
was grantedia-few evenings -ago. If the gentle-
man can tell me how much land we have to spaire,
I Could better ascertain to what extent my objec-
tions to this bill would go.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate,, by
'Mr. Forked, their Secretary, notifying the House
that the Senate have agreed to the amendment of
the House to the resolution of the Senate (No.
21) to provide for the printing of official re-
ports of the operations of the armie's of the United
States.
. Also, that the Senate request the return of the
bill of the Senate (No. 244) for the relief of Daniel
Fitzgerald and Jonathan Ball.
By unanimous consent the Clerk was directed
to return the said bill agreeably to the request of
the Senate.
NORTHERN PACIFIC RAILROAD—A0AIN.
Mr. SWEAT.' It is very certain that we can
get no more land than there is tq spare, and
no more than there is in alternate sections within
twenty miles back on each side of the road.
Now,sir, I am veryglad to'hear the gentleman
from Ohio state that he'has no prejudice against
the State, of Maine. I repeat that the State of
Maine has no peculiar interest in this project.
Her Legislature was applied to by the company
for an act of incorporation, simply because they
happened to be in session in a later month in that
year when the charter was granted than the Le-
gislature of any other State. If any section of
this country could have an interest in opposition
to this road it would be the northern Atlantic
States. I well recollect when the admission Of
Texas was under consideration a very distin-
guished Senator from New Hampshire raised as
an argument in favor of her admission that the
equilibrium between the inland Statesund Terri-
tories and the seaboard States of this country
should be kept up. And that was the argument
in fuvor of the .admission ofTsxas. But we be-
lieve that that antagonism of the sea-coast to the
interioi* is being abandoned in the light of the su-
perior wisdom of the present day. If there was
any antagonism Maine would naturally feel it.
Maine has sent, her sons to-lowa and Wisconsin,
and those sons from both of those States are doing
good service in the armies of the country to-day.
While the population of Maine for the last ten
years has increased only seven per cent., that of
Iowa has increased two hundred and fifty-one,
and that of Minnesota two thousand seven hun-
dred and sixty per cent. In the same time that
of Indiana thirty-six, Illinois one hundred, and
Wisconsin one hundred and fifty-four percent.
I have no feeling of envy against those States, and
as an eastern man coming from a State upon the
eastern frontier, I am happy to say I rejoice in the
fertility of your soil, in the superabundance of your
granaries, and in the increase of your,population.
" Westward the course of empire takes its way."
I yield to itasafixed fact, and as an eastern man
am not jealous of the West because it is so. I
rejoice in the fact,that those food-producing,States
of the great Northwest are represented upon both
sides of this House so ably.as they are in this
Congress. I congratulate tlrem.on their success
in having such Representatives on this floor, and
I onl y ask that they shall, not be prejudiced-against
the State of Maine upon the frontier which has
depopulated her own territory by sending fnfen to
theWest, and be prejudiced.simply by the fact that
a bill was passed,by her Legislature permitting or
authorizing certain men in her own State, in con-
nection with all New England and other States,
to be the medium through which the Government
might act for the purpose of giving aid to the
building of this road. All I ask is that gentle-
men upon that side of the House and upon this
.shall understand the importance of this bill, a d
then if they seeiit to oppose-it 1 ha've not another
word to Say. Your interest in it certainly ought
to be as great as mine.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to a?k th'e>gentle-
man a question. ,1 see by the provisions of this
bill that'the road starts near Lake Superior. In
the first place, I would like to know what interest
the State,of Maine has,in a road that starts from
the Lake -Superior region and crossing to the Pa-
cific more than any other State has.
Mr. SWEAT. It i^simply the interest ivhich
any people, or any State, or any ,member of this
House who understands the question ought t'p
have. They believe this is,the shortest, the cheap-
est, and the most important road to bebuiltacross
this continent. t [
Mr. MORRILL. I cpnfess I,,am.one ef those
who'do not understand ttiis question., and there-
fore I am seeking information. ' I do not upfef-
_stand why Congress is to be called iipon hete 'to
authorize an .incorporated company of Maine to
build, a railroad to the Pacific.
"Mr. SWEAT. Was thatques'tipn raised when
New York incorporated a,cortjHirijr t'o build the
Panama road? "Was it asTted when -New York
incorporated acompapy.to ljp,iltltari>ad in'Texas?
The State of Maine^simpjy incorporated a com-
pany, consisting of men f(om your own State,
front New Hampshire, from M&ssacfiusetts, from
the middle anil western States, to .apt qs,incorpo-
rators; it also appoints aboard of commissioners
embracing all those various States; and now Jo
you pre,tend.to s,ay, as a lawyer, "tliat Congress
has not the^same power to grant aid toacqnjpany
incorporated by a State as itiias to charter'itsown
immediate Federal agents ? This doctrine.of char-
tering your own immedi'ateagents fprbui|<iing rail-
roads and works bp internal improvement cr.ossing
through States a'ndTerritories is a doetii'newhich
was objected t'o in yearsgon.e by,,b^t'fortpqateiy
in 1862, when the central railroad was chartered,
that doctrine was overlooked, and they gaye a
charter to s^'coittpany for that purpose. Butthere
is no reascfn why Congress,may nb't grant aid to
a company chartered by a State whiih would not
apply with at least equal force to giving a'char-
ter directly to Federal agents.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to say that, so frir
as my observation has gone, these corporations
which have been chartered by State Legislatures
for similar purposes have passed intd other hands,
and have generally proved to be swindling con-
cerns. I do not rn.ean to say that such is the case
with this.
I see that this line of railroa'd, for the greater
part of- the distance; is to go north of the forty-:
fifth degree of latitude; and I observe that by, tfie
argument of the gentleman he-expects British cap-
italists to build the road. No,Wj what 1 want to
know of the gentleman from Maine is whether it
will not be a British road whether built by Brit-
ish capital or American?
Mr. SWEAT. 1 will say to the gentleman
from Vermont that it is pretty certain unless we
do build a road across our own 'territory, they
will have a road of their own, which will be es-
sentially a British i*oad.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin:' I wish'to gay,
as representing a western State that is mentioned
in this bill, that we care little by What ,State the,
charter was given to this company. One thing
is very certain, that either'a railroad is to be built
to the'Pacific by a northern-route over American
soil or over British soil. If it is built ovei'Arfier-
ican soil it is necessarily for all hostile •purpose's
an American road and -within our control. If
built on British soil thefi it comes in collision
with our interests on the Pacific;-and I insist
that whenever a practical proposition is submit-
ted to Congress by which it can, aid i.n the con-
struction of a road -to the Pacific that is to be over
our national territory, within our o-wri power, it
ought to do so.
So far as the mere question of donating lands
iB concerned, I will say that as a general princi-
ple I have been entirely opposed to railroad grants.
1 think that tjiey have rarely been of benefiteither
to-the -State that has received -the grant or to the
company that has constructed the road. But -
there are exceptions ,to that general -rule. The
rule would have applied to various grants'made
at this session. The exception is 'applicable't6
this very road by which a,great national object
is to be attained.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to say a few words
in regard to the gentleman's position. If.tjfcis
road was bililt it would be an American road in
time of war, provided we have,a .sufficient force
to protect it. ■ If it is built over our soil ami the
British have sufficient force to seize it, then it
will Be a British road to all intents and purposes.
Mr. BROWN, of -Wisconsin. I will inform
the gentleman that the States of Wisconsin &nd
Minnesota, over whose S&il this road is to pass,
h%ve,furnish,efl,very ,gflo4 evidence,during tfrip
• • • - • " ',(>%•
sj/arth^t they.  r,e aklejto n>aio,takan4;hp]d in
half.of .the TJn^tad Statss-any road.ttet.roay pass
¥«°«gbl%rlWratftry/,,a^JItItjnk^£eaf,ofthe
says.tUt Atvasmufh as ,we:e.xp?cf;yU^, some, ir^-
son .aid from Brit ish [Capitalists (p i}uiid thisiypad
Jt,pnjf?t *-J
built to A.^ery-jlarge extent- by the aid of JBri.iish
-.qapj.t^l,. And if you take-ali these noi-tUyyestem
Sta^s, .whi;re there have ]be(tn eleven, thgusa^
fililes of railroad f>uUt within 4h,e^t,t«p ,yfars,,it
will bftfoupd ,t^at #i,large amount,,of,papiipl.i,(v-
yestedin.these rqadq has^omd.fikpctijior.ifidij-
rfictly from English,muirjCRS. j ai
Mr. MQR.RILL. Thegentleman.tnistak6a:'m7
point. I suppose the road ^ more .far the
.Sficb.ipxnadation of. the Sritish, provinces, thari for
our accprntnodation,. I donot,.object -j# J'ritisji
capital. being employ?d ,ip itfe# jjiipojp
road, tjut I do object tp Congress,grqi^iiig jand
for.the .benefit of the, Brttjsh .pro.vificej?. - . f
, Mr., SWEAT. -Does the gentleman-from
mon t.ijear jn mind Jh.e degree of latitude .ty ,w,li,icii
our territory extends ? jWegoup.to the foftyriiinth
degreepflatitu(]e. Le.thim.loqkat —
and he isa greatstatisticiim, I.belie,ye—antl,he.w;iil
that British Columbia is^t^nly an i;inmqnse
,tej:ritpryj .but that.niitq,erons,ftn$*poJpslo,^,se(tl(>-
.me^tSrare growing up in it. ,0ne argumentabottt
this is that we shall ijaye eoming ip ,as tribulo-
ries to this road the, interests of English colo-
nists. I have no feeling,of pj-ejudi^e-ijgai^stiho^e
colonists. If they see fit,to .give us their, trpde, so
much the better. , . ... ,
What interest, I am asked, has, Maine in thj^
r.oad, starting from Lake Superior? Th^t termi-
nus is mentioned simply as connecting thp
-orn waters, so as to jnake the.shortest rine'exsist"
mg through toPijget sound. , i •.
There was ope ptlier,fact whie,h ialiuded 40
qfjipr day, and wiiicli I think ia-an.argurnfiii.tjp
f9.vo,r of the,..practica^i]il.y.of tlii« rnenauce,!ayri
tjiat is that we.fhoul^feavetheinterestioftsh^g^eat
North American rail way ^giying us their aid to
construct a rc^ad through to Puget sound ovsisour
territory. But,-sir, I do .not .propose to detain
the House,at tips .time (>y elaborating that argu-
,ment; for,up(?n,:thisfl_s well as upo,n tT),e otIi«r.va-
riqus point,s arjsjng jn thp coneideration pf.tjija
object 1 hav.e ,al,ready spojieh at length pij .an-
other 9ccasion,,4-nd .1 now yield tlje Ao.or.toit^e
chairman ,of the committee to raove the preyiou#)
question. , , , . , 1,!
Mr. SLOAN. I,a^k the gentleman toryieldto
me for a few piomentj.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 will yield for this once,
but not again. , , ;'f
Mr.iSLOAN. I think--tl>e jg-raut j a. not. suffi-
ciently,guarded if)i*as,e this company fails to com-
ply witfy the conditions and previsionsof this bill.
1 desire, therefore, foam^n^i?.in one,o,r, two par-
ticulars' for the purpose of providing.mere
oughly ,forjSBch ,a contfngenc,y. ,|-mDve irrjfes-
tion nine, line five,.before the word,'! conditions"
to insert the words "provisions or." I move
further An. tl)e,sixth line tp stiikft«ut" oneyear''
;an'd insert "six months," and to.strike-p.u.t'.' at
any,ijnjs,hereafter, the UnitedSiat«s,,j^its Coiv
.gress, may do.any and allacts and things y/hich
may be necessary to insure a,speedy completion
of said road,"and insert in lieu thereof, "the
lands hereby grante4, shall reyert to the United
States and tlie;gi;ant hereby made shall be null
■and.vo^d." The section would thpn.fjead-; '
■ s^c.,9.. Jnife.U farther enacted, T-hat tlie United States
make the several oondi.tioiral grants herein, and that tlie
iiU People's pacific it'aifroad Company accept tliesamo,
'"upon tiie !rurt]ler condition tlmt if the said company make
tany breach;6f the-provisionaor conditions hereof, nnd al-
low tbeaame tn coiitiuue for upward,o{' six bijmmIis, the.ti Jn
•such i;aSe,the landajiereby granted shall revert to the Uni-
ted States and the grant hereby made shall be null and void-
.The,amendment was" agreed to. ,, ....
Mr. DONNELLY. I nhoutd. not. encroaoh
.upon the time of tiie -Hou-se: upon tiiis-subjeet did
it .aotjfieem f,o me appaient.thatithero is to,some
§x^ent a lack of information vtpori :SOme of the
principal que.etionsinyolte.d W'|Ws measure. I
shall, therefore, as briefly as possible,: eet forth a
fe w of . the i o,re iRvportant /aote -to which I think
