272
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
are that they have paid their taxes as honorably
and fairly as any other class in the country.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I desire to state to the gen-
tleman from Vermont that he is mistaken ay to
the object of my amendment.
Mr. MORRILL. My remarks apply to the
proposed tax of a dollar per gallon after the 1st
of July, 1864. It is a fact, Mr. Chairman, that
up to the 1st of November the distillers did not
makeadollar on anything that they distilled prior
to that time. All the profits of the distillers were on
what they had on hand. But for the advantage
derived by them from having small stocks on
hand, their business would have had to be wound
up. And still 1 have been informed that for two
thirds of the year they have been idle. I, for one,
do not propose that we shall create a revolution
in that business, so as to deprive the country of all
revenue from it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MILLER, of Pennsylvania. I move that
the committee'do now rise.
The motion was not agreed to.
The question was taken on Mr. Holman's
amendment, and it was rejected.
Mr. MILLER, of Pennsylvania. I move to
amend the amendment,proforma^ by striking out
"forty"and inserting m lieu thereof " forty-five
cents per gallon." Without professing to be very
familiar with the principles of the bill, I recognize
that much has been said here to-day which in
my judgment would come appropriately under
the general head of buncombe, having little or no
application to the subject before the committee.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, 1 rise tn a
question of order. The gentleman from .Penn-
sylvania is not speaking to his amendment.
Mr. MILLER, of Pennsylvania. Perhaps I
may reach it in the course of time, if the gentleman
will have a little patience.
The CHAIRMAN. The rules require gentle-
men to confine their remaiks to the amendment.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania will proceed
in order.
Mr. MILLER, of Pennsylvania. 1 have in my
possession, but not here in the House, a letter
from a plain, practical, common-sense constitu-
ent of mine, containing suggestions as to this act
which would answer all the buncombe that we
have heard to-day in regard to the cruelty of the
provisions of the bill now pending. In order that
the commute*; may have the benefit of the wise
suggestions contained in that letter, I propose to
move that the committee do now rise and that then
the House adjourn.
The question being on the amendment to the
amendmcn!,
Mr. MILLER, of Pennsylvania, withdrew it,
and moved that the committee do now lise.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. ELDlUDCrE. I move to amend by sulk-
ing out "one dollar," where it occuis in the
amendment, and inserting in lieu theieof "sixty
cents."
[ look upon this hill as reported, and upon the
amendment which has been offered by the gentle-
man from Illinois for the purpose of increasing
the revenue of the Government, as oppressive to
the people of the western and northwestern States.
At the same time, from what I have already heard
from the Committee of Ways and Means, and
from gentlemen upon the other side of the House,
1 presume that we shall have to accept something
very nearly like what the committee have reported.
Foi the put pose, therefot <*, of bringing the provis-
ion back as nearly as possible to the original hiU,
1 move to strike out "one dollar" and insert
ii sixty cents."
Mr. CLAY. I desire to offer an amendment as
an additional section of the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. Theamendment is not in
order. There is an amendment to an amendment
pending.
The amendment to the amendment was disa-
greed to.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD moved to amend by
striking out the last provision in the section, as
follows:
Piovi.led further, Th;u all Fpmts ou hand for sale, oi re-
moved for consumption oi rale, upoii-vvhich noduties have
been paul or collected, and upon \v inch iiorelmtis havt; been
made, whether dustiiiuJ prior to tin; date of thi< act oi not.
shall f>e subject to the duty piovided by tins act from and
after the Uih day of January, l&H.
And to insert in lieu thereof as follows:
Prodded further, That ail spirits on hand and for sale,
whether distilled prior to the date of thisactor not,shall be
subjeet to the rates of duly piovided by this act, from and
after the 12th day of January, 1864, except that such fcpirit-s
a« shall have been already taxed under the law approved July
17,1862, shall not pay more than the additional increased
tax provided for by tins act.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. This is the amend-
ment to which I referred when this subject was
before the committee the other day. Its effect,
if adopted, would be to make this proposed tax
operative upon all spirits wherever found, includ-
ing, so far as the forty cents increased tax is con-
cerned, the whisky now in the hands of specu-
lators and forestallers, as they say in New York,
the same who, having some intuitive perception
as to the recommendation of the Secretary of the
Treasury and the action of Congress, have antici-
pated this law, and by the might of their capital
have become monopolists. The effect of the
amendment would therefore be to give a very
large additional revenue to the Government.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask the gentleman from
New York whether the effect of his amendment
will be to tax spirits in bonded warehouses, much
of which is still owned by the distillers?
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. 1 will answer the
gentleman from Indiana that there is another sec-
tion in this ljill which refers to this subject of
spirits in bonded warehouses. The amendment
which I propose makes no qualification in that re-
spect, leaving the law as it no w stands, by which
the distiller gets the benefit of the drawback. Rut
I propose that the merchant, whether wholesale
or retail, shall come within its provisions; that
Whisky, whenever manufactured, wherever it is,
in whosever possession it may be found, shall im-
mediately on a day named, or whenever this bill
shall*become a law, pay a duty from which it can
by no possibility escape.
That, sir, is the purpose of this provision.
This aiticle has been selected for the purpose of
deriving a large revenue from it. There are now,
it is estimated, twenty-five million gallons of
whisky on hand in the country. If these twenty-
live million gallons are subjected to thisincreased
tax of forty cents it will produce at once a revenue
of #10,000,000.
Again, the difficulty attending the operations
of the excise tax respecting this article has been
that the law was so complicated, so difficult of
consti uetion, that long before the officers appointed
under the law could collect the tax, the holders
managed to evade it. And one reason why an ad-
ditional recommendation by the Secretary of the
Treasury has been made was in consequence of
that defect in the law. This amendment, there-
fore, has been drawn for the purpose of making
the evading ot the law more difficult. Whether
it is used as a beverage, whether it is used by the
manufacturers, whether held by the speculator,
or the politician who has obtained information by
which he expects to make money—wherever it
can be found, it shall pay a tax.
Now, sir, it appears to me there is a necessity
for a provision of this kind, that justice, simple
justice to the man pursuing the honest avocation
of his trade, requites it; that it is due to that class,
and a very large class, of persons whom it will
thus aff'ct, that the provisions of this bill should
bo placed wheie they cannot easily be evaded.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. NOBLE. 1 move to amend the amend-
ment of tin; gentleman from New Yoik [Mr. Fer-
nando Wood] by adding the following:
•find jii wided /urihci, That manufacturer-2 shall not be
loquircd to pay any additional tav over and above the
amount imposed by the act of I86'3, upon any spirits manu-
tactuied by then* puoi to the passage of this uu.
Mr. Chairman, I offer that amendment as being
m strict accordance with the principles adopted by
the committee in exempting from taxation that 1
which was manufactured prior to the passage of '
the act of 1S()2. As I understand this bill the com-
mittee do not propose to tax any spirits with any
additional tax which may be manufactured prior to
186*3, simply because that act did not impose any
tax upon them. By the act of 1862 a certain tax
was imposed upon all that might be manufactured
thereafter. Manufacturers have gone into busi-
i ness under that law in good faith, and have gone
on manufacturing this article. Many of them, I
may say, haveenkned into contiacts for the pur-
pose of supplying it at a given price, fixed neces-
sarily according to the tax then imposed. Now
if this bill is to tax the manufacturer under his
contract, I want to know whether it does not
strike at his rights? Would it not strike him down
to do that? It was not the intention certainly of
the committee to strike at the existence of an im-
portant class of manufacturers. It was not the
intention of the committee, certainly, to prevent
these men from filling their contracts made m good
faith and based upon the law of 1862, by making
this bill retroactive, which it is as it now stands.
I propose by my amendment that the spirits
manufactured up to the date of the passage of this
act shall riot bear this additional tax. Any other
principle makes the law retroactive, and, as 1 have
shown, will interfere with contracts already made.
I hope that the amendment to the amendment will
be adopted.
Mr. KASSON. Mr. Chairman, I had desired
to make some few remarks on the general pel-
icy of this bill, but since the adoption of the res-
olution by the House of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania cutting off all but the five min-
utes debate, Lwill suggest only one or two lead-
ing questions involved in the amendment before
the committee.
There are but two questions,really and plainly,
in this bill: the one is the amount of tax to be
charged upoq these spirits; and the other is the
description of spirits to which this rate shall be
applied. As to the fust question, there is a single
consideration, which is that of revenue for the
Government, combined with readiness and facility
for the collection of the tax. The Committee of
Ways and Means, after listening to a debate hour
after houe from parties interested, have fixed the
rate of taxation at sixty cents per gallun. I shall
adhere to that action of the committee, although
I was of the opinion that it should be placed at a
higher figure. As I have said, I shall adhere to
the action of the committee.
■ As to the description of property to which it
should be applied, I object to the principles sug-
gested by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Love-
joy.] The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Noble]
suggests that injustice is done to this species of
property by variation of taxes. This Congress
has therigln to advance the rate of tax according
to the emergency of the country. Every citizen
who has property holds it subject from year to
year to taxes for the support of the Government.
This year it must be one rate, and next year an-
other rate. Persons engaged m commercial trans-
actions in reference to this article of spirits have
accumulated a stock beyond the demand for it, and
to adopt the amendment of the gentleman would
give them the advantage of the advance in price
after the increase of the tax.
I agree with the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Fernando Wood] in respect to a principle
of his own amendment, that there should be a
tax upon all property which has been held over.
Whether that tax should be imposed to the whole
extent that the committee proposes to impose upon
that manufactured in the future, or one half of that
rate, I am not prepared to express an opinion.
Rut 1 trust that the committee will regard the his-
tory of British legislation on this subject. It com-
menced in 1791 with a tax of three shillings, and
went on to twelve shillings, when it was reduced
to ten [shillings, where it now* stands. The rev-
enue on this a i tide with a progressive rate of taxes
has largely incieased, showing thata reasonable
rate of taxes progressing from year to year, though
it results in changing what the gentleman from
Illinois regards as the necessary permanency,has
not reduced but rather stimulated production. I
say that we have the right to arrange the taxes
according to the emergency of the country. I
have some statistics which I have collected on this
subject, which, however, I shall be unable to pre-
sent to the House for want of lime.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the committee
rise. We have arrived at the usual hour for ad-
journment, and as wc have now before us a very
important amendment, it may be proper to take
time for consideration.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed thu chair, Mr. Cox reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union •
had, according to order, had under consideration
the state of the Union generally, and particularly
