THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 16,
the attention of the House should be called, and
strive to answer some of the objections which
have been made in the course of this discussion.
It is known to most of the rftembers of this
House that it was originally contemplated that
there should be constructed from the Mississippi
valley to the Pacific ocean three great lines of rail-
road: one, the horthern route, running through
the region of country through which it is pro-
posed this road shall pass; another, a central
road, to connect with the railroads prolonged from
the neighborhood of St. Louis; and still another,
a southern route. At length the Government,
in its anxiety to bring about the construction of
at least oneof these roads, determined to concen-
trate its assistance upon the central route, and
for that purpose, in addition to a very large grant
of- lands, gave to the road a most liberal loan of
United States Government, bonds.
At that time Congress seems to have entirely
forgotten, while it was thus liberal to the central
route, that it ought not to completely ignore the
claims of the other two roads; and that while it
gave both lands and bonds to the first, it should
at least have given lands to the others. It seems
to me, then, Mr. Speaker, entirely proper, just,
and right that some such action as that contem-
plated by this bill should now be taken, it will
at least repair the omissions of the past.
Some question has been raised as to the char-
acter of the country traversed by this route.
If this grant is made, a region of country reach-
ing from the Mississippi valley to the Pacific
ocoan, with an average width of a thousand miles,
will be opened up to settlement which otherwise
would probably remain an unbroken wilderness
for very many years to come.
It is not to be expected that any large agricul-
tural population can ever be brought to settle in
a countiy having no ready outlet to the markets
of the world. This railroad jsa necessity to that
groat region of country.
But it may be said that that outlet will be found
in the Central Pacific road. I answer that it is
impracticable for this important and immense
region of country ever to b*  diained by a series
of transverse railroads reaching to a central line
nearly a thousand miles distant. In fact this coun-
tiy never can be opened unless Congress, follow-
ing (he course it has always heretofore pursued,
shall make a liberal grant of public lauds to aid
in the construction of a railroad running from the
great valley to the sea, through its midst, and
which will develop its immense resources. The
land itself, which this bill proposes to give away,
is worth nothing to the Government in us present
condition,and will remain of no value unless com-
munication is opened between the Mississippi
valley and the Pacific ocean.
Let it not be said that such a road is an impos-
sibility.
Thirty-five years ago there were but three miles
of railroad in the United estates; to-day there are
thirty-three thousand eight hundred mid sixty
miles built, and sixteen thoushnd miles in process
of construction, making a total of nearly fifty
thousand miles.
The bill under consideration asks for a land
grant to assist the building of a road seventeen
hundred miles in length, fiom the western term-
ination of the great lakes to the Pacific ocean.
If thirty-five years of the past have given us
fifty thousand miles of railway, is it an extrava-
gant assumption that one half or one third of that
period in the future will give us seventeen hun-
dred miles?
The vast extent of the country to be drained
by this road will compel its construction.
i  &yt then, that it is impossible that this great
region of country, nearly a thousand miles j 
width, and reaching from the Mississippi valley
to the Pacific ocean, can remain totally dependent,
upon a railroad line a thousand miles distant from !
us northernmost boundary. Why, Mr.Speaker, !
imagine such a state of things. Suppose that from ''
the latitude of Washington to the borders of
Maine no system of railroads led from the Atlantic
to the Mississippi valley,and that the entire traffic
of that great region had to go one thousand miles
out of its way to strike a railroad going westward,
and rise again a thousand miles after it had
reached the longitude of its destination.
You cannot deny to this great region of coun-
try an outlet, anti it is sjmpiy a q\itstion whnher
you will make it a complete and perfect outlet as
you now can, or trust, with the gradual develop-
ment of the country, to add link after link to a
'crude, imperfect, and gradually developed system
as State after State is built up in that great inte-
rior region.
Some allusion has been made to Canada. It
has been said that Canada may be benefited by
the building of this road. Be it so. It is impos-
sible for Canada to prosper without the territory
lying south of it prospering also. It is impossible
by a national boundary line to cheek the growth
and advance of commerce; you cannot have upon
one side of a national boundary line abundant
prosperity and success and upon the other des-
olation and poverty. If Canada is to grow all
that northern Pacific region must grow with it.
The development of Canada has, to a certain ex-
tent, in the eastefn portion of the continent, kept
even pace hitherto with the development of our
own country. Away, then, with that narrow and
illiberal spirit which would deny to our own peo-
ple the means of advancement and growth, lest
the very overflowings and drippings of our pros-
perity should enrich some neighboring popula-
tion. Let us be content to go forward in our
career of unexampled development regardless of
the advantages which may be reflected upon other
nations. Let us not imitate Diogenes, who drove
away the rats from his tub, lest it should seem that
even he nourished parasites.
Another question occurs. It maybe said—and
there is upon the minds of many such an impres-
sion—that this whole interior region of country
is a vast wilderness, unfitted for settlement and
incapable of suppoiting any considerable body
of population. This is very far, indeed, from
being the case. I have never bepn more sur-
prised by the perusal of any work than 1 was in
reading the report of Captain John Mullan in ref-
erence to the conjunction of a wagon road from
Fort Denton westward. It appears from that
oflicial document that on the line over which this
road would pass the road would scarcely ever
bo beyond the reach of umber, and raiely, it ever,
beyond the reach of fertile and cultivable soti.
I state to this House a fact, refened to more
than once upon this floor, that there is a wide dif-
ference between the country over which the Cen-
tral Pacific road will pass and the legion which 1
this road would develop. It is the popular be-
lief that all that interior region is a sterile, tree-
less wilderness; and yet thcie is at one point on
the route of this road a solid forest one hundred
and twenty miles in width; there are yastranges
of fine agnculiuial soil; there is room for the de-
velopment of immense States, and the day will
come when those States will be represented upon
this floor, and, gazing back to the events of the
present hour, men will wonder that the right of
tins great region to a railroad outlet ever was de-
nied by intelligent members of this House.
I say to you that if a continuous line of fertile,
agricultural States ever reaches across this con-
tinent it must be through the country over which
this road will pass. This region of country,and
the British possessions north of it, ate the only
unsettled legions m the temperate zone of our
continent fitted to sustain large agricultural popu-
lations. The flood of emigration must move in
that direction or be permanently checked.
In confirmation of this view, I would ask the
attention of the House to the following summary
of the character of that country from the report
of Lieutenant Mullan:
"The amount of agricultural laud alongthegeneral line
of the road may be safely estimated at one thousand squaie
mites, or six bundled and (buy thousand aeie*.
" The largest single body is found m the Walla-Walla
valley, whete us rich soil, freedom from early fio.-ts, and
Us mild climate, constitute it a great agricultural center.
Com, oats, barh y, spring and autumn wheat, tobacco, and
every variety ot vegetable, arc here grown in gieat abund-
ance ; wheat, thirty bushel* to the aeie; lmr'ey and oats,
forty bushel?,; and com Horn M\tv to eighty bushels; and
potatoes from three to six hundred bushels to the acre. The
grape and the peach will be found to grow well here, and
when the country is settled the oak will take its place among
the chief forest giowth.
" The mines furnish a ready market for all that is raised,
cash payments for which are made in gold.
" Fruit-growing is attracting attention, and thus far prom-
ises well. Election of grist-mills keep*pace vviih thegrow-
ing demands of the countiy.
"Another favorite agricultural tract is the Dry creek;
its valley is already studded with beautiful farms; so also
the Touehet,,win;re there ia still room for the industrious
" At the mouth of the Palouse is a small tract of good
land, enough for one small farm, and which, as trade and
travel increase, must becomean important point.
" Several tracts of good land are found along the Palouse,
but the absence of timber is an impediment not easily sup-
plied.
" Small tracts are found along the Cow crcek and along
the road to Aspen grove, and many in the direction of the
Ions line of lagoons found along the road.
"An excellent body of good land is found along Lake W il-
liamson and along several of the smaller lakes and creeks
to its mouth.
" Several small bodies are found along both banks of the
Spokane; near the Foot Hill several farms are already un-
derculuvation. Along the Upper Spokane are also small
bodies. At the Crnur d'Alene mission is a body of five or
six square miles of most beautiful land ; several hundred
acres are here under cultivation by the minion and the In-
dians. Oats, barley, wheat, peas, and potatoes are raised in
rich abundance.
" One of the largest bodies of good land is in the.St. Jo-
seph's and Coeur d'Alene valleys ; and if these valleys are
once drained, a body of forty thousand acres of the. finest
soil in the world will be reclaimed, soil six and eight feet
deep, and as black as a coal.
" On the right bank of the Cceur d'Alene, opposite the
mission, is a nnle square of beautiful soil Four-mile
prairie has a good body of land ; also Ten-mile .piame.
" From this point to the Bitter Root ferry I tear uie frosts
and othei mountain characteristics will piecludeany farms
from being opened.
"At the mouth of St. Regis Boigia, however, several
tracts of land are found, and which, il cultivated, will tome
into requisition for mail stations and supplying Uavelers
and emigrants. Seven-mile praiiie along the Bitter Root
river offers a good site for small (arms; also Biown'- p> airte,
Nemote prairie, Skiotay creek, where the wild timothy
grows abundantly, and many huge and beautiful tiaets
along the right bank of the mam Bitter Root. Freuehtown,
in llcll's Gate ronde, aheady contains fiom ten to filteen
small farms, and there is room for many more. The small
eieeks in Hell's Gate ronde offer many choice sites for
farms; a dozen, at least, aie here now under cultivation.
Wheat, potatoes, oats, and barley, and all vegetable* are
raised. Corn is not matured, but it is raided for roasting-
ears. The St. Mary's valley to the south, and the Jocko
and Flathead valleys to the north, are large and lavoiite
fanning sections.
"Among the small creeks, tributaries to the Ilell's Gate,
four and live miles ftom Big Uluektoot, at Clark's camp, at
Beaver Dam butte, and along some of the smaller water-
runs, good soil is found The upper poition of the valhsy
oi Flint creek may he found minted lo agi teulturc.
I " Fiom Flint creek to the Amenean Joik aie many beau-
] ttful localities wheic farms may be opened. A large find
j beautiful one is already opened "by a Mr. Dempsey, where,
; he giovvs oats and wheat luximantly. The Amenean fork
has some beaumul bodies ot laud along it. The JDeei
Lodge is a large and well-located vallej , and contain.-? from
fifty to one lnmdivd and fifty square miles, wheie cmps
have aheady been grown. Along the Lmle Blaekiootand
its smaller t.nbutanco arc found patches of good s*oil From
tins point to the Big i'nckiv Pear creek, the altitude and
wet condition of tin* soil may piove impediments to suc-
cessful or economical culture.
"Crossing the divide we get into a new climate ;ind
change of soil; along the Big Prickly Pear will be tound
several small and choice localities tor taims; and it Hie
mines on the eastern slope piove successful I look t^i ward
with much hope to see all these creeks settled and hue
larms developed under the hand of the Rocky mountain
farmer. All the small creeks fiom the Big Pucklv pear to
the Bud-Tatl Rock have smallci bodies ot good soil, and if
the mines piove a reality a nwuket will bo had for all that
they can raise.
" To the south of the BitdTail Rock, about tineo to five
in ties, in a wild and bioken reeion, through which a wagon
load can be laid to shorten our line fiom Sun liver to the
Dearborn, is one of the laige&t and richest bodies of laud
that i have seen east of the mountains, and where ttinbei
ivom the mountains and lock at hand w:ll supply all the
requisites of the first settlers. Situated as it is midway
between Fort Benton and the Prickly Pear gold mines, it
is worthy an examination by those who piopo.-e to settle in
the country, it was on my last trip that I was struck with
the richness of the soil and the extent of agricninna! land
jhere lound. It is a favorite resoit for game, and, sheltered
as it is by high rocky, walls, foims a choice site for ianns.
" The nextgood tract is along the Sun river, where a stiff
clay soil is already cultivated to advantage. The Black-
foot agency has a farm of finm thirty to loity acres under
cultivation, and raises wheat and vegetables. Its valley is
fiom filty to one hundred and fifty feet below the general
level ot the Mi^soun plains.and is thus sheltered fiom the
colder windo thnt sweep across them at spring seasons.
Some patches of good soil are found along the Missouri,
aboveFoit Benton, but their culune has never been tested.
" There are enough statistics of growth, fiom actual culti-
vation along the Jine, to show that the many areas heiein
referred to will giow abundantctops,and all ot which vviii
come under tillage as soon as a market presents it>elf.
" in addition to this, the experience of all person? trav-
eling through this legion has been that from the Columbia
to the Missouu rivers finer grasses have never an\ where
been seen; the number and condition of the stock that
feed upon the wild grasses alone, show both their abund-
ance and nutrition. Wild hay can be and is cut from thou-
sands of acres. Horses and horned stock by thousands,
and sbcfp by hundreds, all bespeak the wealth that is
wrapped up tn the native grasses of the North Pacific re-
gion, and 1 confidently look lorvvard to seeing the wealth
of the&e beautnul mountain valleys yeteon-ist in the thou-
sands of fleecy flocks to be here sheared ; and, if thestreauis
of the Rocky mountains are themselves caught and bar-
nested to the spindles and looms of wool manufactories to
be there erected, that the annual shipments of wool to a
St. Louis market will constitute a trade replete with wealth
and magnitude."
