1318
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
he referred, to show piecisely what I did say on
that question:
"Soutrasl am eonemaed I .shall not stop to inquire
whether the employment of ?-!ava> n? soldiers h coimitu-
tloril or uncfm*ntimoral, whether it be legal or illegal.
The question with me is. anil thu only question is. is itne-
o^stfuy ? Does the great low of necessity, that law which
the Senator Train Maryland speaks of as the ' higher law,'
the law above the Constitution, require or justify it? And
need any one doubt on this question ?"
I have a little higher authority on this question
than that of the Senator from Ohio, even. Some
years ago a debate arose in the House of Repre-
sentatives on the question of returning to General
Jackson the fine that was imposed upon him by
a judge in the city of New Orleans, and a very
' able statesman of this country, Hon. Stephen A.
Douglas, in a speech which he made on tiiat oc-
casion, used this language:
" But, sir, Tor the purposes of General Jackson^ justifi-
cation, I caic not whetbei his proceeding* were legal or
illegal, constitutional or unconstitutional, with or without
precedent, if they were necessary to the sulfation of that
citxj. And 1 c.ire a?, hule whether In: observed all the rules
and forms and technicalities* which ^nme gentlemen seem
to consider the perfection of reason and the essence of
wwiiom. There wa^ but one form necessary on that oc-
casion, and that was-, to point cannon and destroy the
enemy."
Sir, if it is* necessary to employ the negroes to
put down tins rebellion, I reiterate what i said
before, thai, I care not whether it be constitutional
or unconstitutional, legal or illegal, with prece-
dent or without precedent, whether the Senator
from Ohio favors it or not I am for employing
alt ihe resources of this vast nation to crush this
rebellion, and the Senator fium Ohio shall not by
any constitutional sophistry prevent me from mov-
ing onward directly to the consummation of this
purpose. 1 flunk I have just given him pretty
good nuthoiity for the position I assumed on that
question.
The authority fiom which 1 have read is a speech
made by Hon. Stephen A. Douglas in the House
of representatives m January, ltU4, to be found
in the Appendix to the Congressional Globe for
the fust session of the Tweniy-Righth Congress,
pug' 45.
Now, sir, lot me nsk the honorable Senator
whether, li it was necessary to save the country,
he would not employ all the able-bodied negroes
;n the countsy whether it was constitutional or
not?
The Senator objects to the statement which 1
made that he hoietoibie scum d to regard slaves
as property. Upon the question of the employ-
ment of slavey and paying for them, the Senator
oppoS'd l he proposition; i>ut hedid,<u; I .showed
in m y speech the of Iji r day, ad voeate dm etly and
distinctly the doctrine ol employing sLure.>, al-
lowing them in fighi in our annas, and then re-
turning them back to slavery iiyni aft> r the war
should lie over, lie contended that that did the
mnatet no harm, because you would pay him the
wages which the slave fought for ami earned, and
then you gave him his slave back again alter the
war was over. The Senator may talk nsmueh as
lie pleases about garbled extracts; but f assert here
that that was the position he assumed, it was
clearly laid down in hia speech. There in no
doubt or equivocation about it. It was not in a i
singh1 speech that he assumed tins position; but
lie adhered to this doctrine on dilFerenf occasions
and at ddh rent (ones. Hut hawng utteyod that
theojy eighteen months ago, lie now comes into
the Senate and arraigns the Lhesulent for being
Lie cause of our losnigthe ilectiou in Ohio a year
ago la&i la!L 1 suited in my speech, and 1 reiterate
heie to-day, thul it n\y colleagues jo the House of
Repu si-ntativt s had uttered that doctiine ot the
Senator horn Ohm on this floor they could not
have carried ten counties in the State of Minne-
The objection that I have to the course of the
honorable SetMf >r is not tluU he has changed his
position and become nunc radical, but that he
assumes to ana/gn the Ihesidcnt for his 54 con-
scrvan^m,'" and chaise?, on him the loss of our
elections a year ago. J do not blame the honor-
able gentlemen who agreed with thoSonutor then,
because i know that wise men are liable to change
their views, nod ail men musichange their senti-
itie)iIs m &ueh a re\ olution ns this; but when they
come up a your and a half afterwards and,closing j
then-eyes to tiieii own acts, icpiotf-the Presidt ui |
because lie is jk'jI up to their piesent standard, it |
is legitimate and proper to let the country know 1
what has been the record of those gentlemen who
now assume to arraign the President.
The plain matter of fact is that there is a polit-
ical organization in our own party which i£ de-
termined that Mr. Lincoln shall not be the next
President. There has been a committee organ-
ized for the purpose of elevating to the Presidency
the honorable Secretary of the Treasury from the
gentleman's own State; and it looked very much
to me, when he came in here with his speech, as
though he was a party to this arrangement, and
as though he wished to bring about the same re-
sult; and hence, knowing the advancement of the
country in radicalism, knowing how far the peo-
ple had advanced on this question of employing
slaves, the honorable gentleman, as it seemed to
me, thought he would join with' the honorable
Senator from Kansas who sits upon his left [Mr.
Pomehoy] in this crusade against the President,
and tear him down if possible, in order that an-
other might be elevated to his place. If the recoid
of the gentleman rises up in judgment against him,
so much the worse for the honorable Senator from
Ohio. lie should have had a little charity for the
President; for when this warcommenced neither
the President nor any of us were expected to go
as far as we do now. Nobody expected this re-
suit when the war commenced; and it is not for
me nor for the honorable Senator from Ohio to
rebuke the Presidentfor his course; and when he
essays to do it, I submit to the Senator that it is
legitimate that any one should search his record
and see whether lie stands up a head and shoul-
ders above any man in Israel in this great work
of emancipation and of employing slaves in our
Army. Sir, the truth is that the honorable Sen-
ator has been far, very far, behind the President
cv« r since this war commenced, I remember to
have heard the President say in private conver-
sation— I presume it was a year and a half ago—
that if any man bore a musket upon his shoulders
and fought in the mmies of the Union to rrsrme
the Constitution and to lestoie oui Government,
so I at as he was concerned, that man should never
ho returned to slavri y again. Did the honorable
Senator from Ohio assume that position? No,
s'u; he nssonnd directly an opposite position,
and when the proposition was made to pay for
the slaves of loyal masters, he said:
"• I believe tfwe are at all enppled In the phKmition of
llu- W.u it Will In- beeaiHe of the failure ot out hnance^.
\V< «ne aheuuv t ml ai i a--rd by u d'| o tl cuiieiny.
Oui hond - :ne ah < adv hi nede* par. \Ve have hi en \\ a t
mi' e.ousal but --av ti- - lite <t, a-ine ot lii'i- enimtty with
n lav i-h hand. We have del ih<-lately o'fii -ed anv m-a-ane
el n loi -a r\< e;>t tii.it wire Is o-lat'1- hi tuc Ai nn ; \\ «• In v.*
ii'iu-M'd to look nnitn th'1 dtlheniij bv whi-'li vv<- aie -m-
ioi:iidi (I ; and i u arn Scaam - f !>.it tin - ^ no Jmte io> u>
!'  uiahataKe a n< w k-jkm" ihslay n'hn Ij ma} nut !>*• rev'
(red even by •••'I.OUiUjOU.Ufhi. h tho wai is n* be pn >e
cuted in si -j ultimate teimitmuon, and one null son ot the - e
.-iave>, aie Infd b\ lo\al ma-vfta-, vuti may involve Hn-,
c-Miu'iV in an exp'-hdiniP' to ttie value nt' (,ne mil
!c>n •>lave, , which. Mipciadded to all Ihe othei dillieultje> by
which ^eaio now t uireumied, \\ ill ce«irunlv s-vwunp u->;
amt when you have pa-^« d tlu-- piovhum once, lntxiaUcd
it ni you) law, you have made it a eoatsaet between the
<iovcinn ent and the laa-tei and the {Jovcimnent and the
slave; and then thiJ (iovmnient is hound by honor to
( maucipate ihe -lave and l<> pav the p>yai master.'*—c^n-
c,ssi ii<il (Jk>h<'} 'i'hiity tfcfc'illi CongicsS, sccond scsuon,
p i^e doitH.
ifow can the honorable Senator after this use
up and say that he was inhfvor of employing the
slavi 4  of loyal masters at that time and paying
for them ? No, sir, it was not hih position. His
po.ohou was to employ tin m and return them to
^icsvery a^ain after the w«r should be over—a po-
sition which ho now dee'uits, in his speech'of
the other day, to be eirocious. I Will lead what
he said on thai point in his last MKeoh:
I -ay tVfin the be<ri.initio we i-houhl ham armed the
,-i.ive.-; hut h'-ioie .-o, ui my judgment, we onjfht to
Hfciue t-eae he i.'uv.tn a i;u at ^uaiau:<'i', hi w[tlci, \t> j
ami \ and all bianche-- of the (>>\ i't!iui"'i  wonnl uut*e hs
j>,'-dirin,j ts:-' faith ot Uie CInued States mat loo vr there-
aitei they .-Uouid hold then ireedom /jgani?; thf r old mas-
ierj-.?>
What did he say two years ago ? I know that
he sayw the extiact which I arn now about to
read is garbled, but it is an extract taken word
for woiu from thu recorded debates of this Sen-
ate, und there "is no doubt about its meaning.
Two years ago he said:
"Tfrnj nmeiuhncnt to the --ecoml soet on be adopted,
tins mea-uoj wul nat aih'Ct the-loyui ma-ter, hcoaiu-e he
wit! reeeue Uie conipcn-4«iti>ni <;if' ed i v Saw lor t.je s-er-
v ce o{ hja laves, ami the .-lave vvi.l be hi- a( in° i'-raiin.i-
tionot thatnervice."—Cuiiz/'cs'-lan>yl Globe, Thnty Seventh
Cofip'as, second sewon, page 'A',W.
What can be clearer than that? CVn there be
any mistake about this language ? Why, sir, a
child can understand it. I know it is an unpleas-
ant record for one who claims to be a radical, but
I cannot help it. It is the honorable Senator's
own record, and he must stand by or renounce it.
I ask the honorable Senator if he did not as-
sume both these positions on this floor? My ob-
jection to the course he has pursued, ns t said
before, is not that he hasthanged his views, but
that he has the effrontery to stand up here and
chide the President and rebuke him for his " con-
servatism, " and charge ujion him the loss of the
election in the State of Ohio a year ago last fall.
I have it in my recollection pretty clearly that
it was not long ago that the Senator from Ohio
turned to the "Senator from Massachusetts who
sits furthest from me [Mr. Sumner]—1 have not
now the record before me, but if my recollection
serves me he pointed to that honorable Senator—
and charged that he stood alone on this floor in
the advocacy of his peculiar views of emancipa-
tion and employment of negroes in our armies.
Now, the Senator seems to take offense and
seems very much troubled because the New York
Herald has come out foremancipation. I rejoice
at it. I am willing that the Now York Herald
should act with me, and I do not feel any tender-
footedness like the honorable Senator fiom Ohio
because the New York Herald does come out for
emancipation. I am glad of it. I wish all the
copperhead papers in the country would come out
for emancipation, and that they would join with
every hater of slavery in the suppression of this
accursed institution. I wish to see slavery de-
stroyed, and I am not very particular as to the
agents employed to bring about this result. 1 am
inclined to think that before this war shall have
ended scores of men who have heretofore been
lighting against abolitionism will be found in the
ranks laboiing earnestly for the destruction of
slavery; and i shall rejoice at it.
Mr. President, the Senator complains that I
made my speech in his absence. I will say that
I had intended to make it long before 1 did, but I
wasted for a long time before making it. He had
gone to his home in Ohio, and remained some
time, and I refrained from speaking until the bill
came up which afforded the only proper and le-
gitimate occasion for me to make that speech.
The honorable chauman of the Committee on
Mihiaiy A Hairs almost insisted that I should
speak, if 1 had anything to say upon the propo-
sition, at the time when 1 did, because the bill
was being ciowded 5o a vote and he wished to
bring up otb< r business, 1 imd no desire to make
any remarks m the absence of the Senator from
Ohio, and 1 will say now that there was no un-
kind word in my soeecli toward him; 1 simply
read the record. Perhaps 1 ought to admit that
there wax an unkind woid, because the record of
the honoiable Senator himself on this prooos1-
tion is the mo.5t unkind thing that could be iut< red
on this floor against him. His recoid is against
htm; his utterances in this Chamber aie against
him if he assumes the position which he assumed
the other day in his speech. I am g!;ul, how-
ever, that lie has now assumed u pi oper position;
I am glad to see that the counti y is coming up to
the great question of liberty, rismgabove ail those
constitutional objections and quibbles that have
hcietofoie been hud m the way, and thateven the
honoiab!" Senator fiom Ohio himself is coming
up to look thin great question of slavery or liee-
dom directly in the face. In my humble judg-
ment the course of that honorable Senator and
those who have acted with him has kept the Pres-
ident back from assuming the high position on
this question of slave! y which he ou^ht to have
assumed, and, instead ot the honorable Senator
charging ins backwardness upon the President,
he should have had the manliness to say, '• i am
in part to blame for tho backwardness of AJr.
Lincoln in working out the great ptoblem* of
emancipation and the employment of slaves in the
armies.35
Mr. SHERMAN". Mr. President, the Senator
from Minnesota talks about mai.H nss. I will
leave to my fellow Senatois to settle that question
of our mnnhness between us. lie talks about stcf 
frontery, "using thelanguatje of iJje market-honse,
noc of the couuexl-cnamber. luflrftntt-ry iorwhat?
Because [expressed myopmionsboldlyand fear-
lessly, without regard to hiin.
