1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
229$
How wide the difference between this favored
.•egion and the country farther south through
which the Central Pacific road must pass! A
vast, treeless waste, of snge bushes, alkaline
plains, and sand-hills, it will be impossible ever
to establish through it any continuous line of set-
tlements. The way-traffic of such a road can be
of little or no value; it must create depots of fuel
at stated intervals, and must carry forward with
it everything it consumes.
Listen to the description which Lieutenant G.
K. Warren gives, in his report (page 8) of an ex-
ploration of the country between the Missouri
and Platte rivers and the Rocky mountains, of
the sand-hill country,a description which applies
to a very large portion of the route of the Central
Pacific railroad:
" The sand hills present their most characteristic appear-
ance just north of Calamus river, spread out in every di-
rection to the extreme verge of the horizon. The sand i3
nearly white, a lightish yellow, and is about three fourths
covered with coarse grass and other plants, their roots pen-
etrating so deep that it is almost impossible to pull them out.
" The sand is formed into limited basins, over the rims
of which you are constantly passing, up one side and down
the other, ihe feet of the animals frequently sinking so as
to make the progress excessively laborious.
" The scenery is exceedingly solitary, silent, and deso-
late, and depressing to one's spirits., Antelope, and at times
bulfalo, are numerous. The character of the country is
well calculated to cover a stealthy march or retreat} and
if one keeps as much as possible to the hollows, he may
even fire his rifle within a quarter of a mile of an enemy's
camp without the faintest sound reaching it. Two parties
may pass close without being aware of each other's pres-
ence, and I consider it hopeless to attempt to capture any
who had nought refuge in the sand hills. Farther west, I
am told, these lulls increase in height and are impassable
for horses."
And yet, while1 to a railroad running oversuch
a country as this not only lands but bonds of
the United States are given, the country described
by Captain Mullan is denied even the poor boon
of a land grant, and all manner of captious objec-
tions are raised against the one great measure
necessary for its development.
But there is still another fact, a very significant
fact, connected with this measure.
We have upon our continent a chain of mighty
lakes which have been not inaptly termed a great
river, because from the point where they arise in
.the plains of Minnesota to the point where the St.
.Lawrence falls into the Atlantic they are, as it
were, but the expansions of one mighty river.
The head of Lake Superior, at its western extrem-
ity, is almost half way across this continent.
What, then, is more natural than to connect this
mighty system of water communication with a
railroad system stretching away from its western
extremity by the most direct route to the Pacific
ocean ? You cannot ignore the great fact that at
th-eJiead of Lake.Superior you are several hun-
dred.miles further westward, several hundred
•miles further into the heart of this continent, sev-
eral hundred miles nearer the Pacificthan you are
.upon the shores of Lake Michigan. Shall we,
• then, ignore this mighty fact; shall we, in aiming
at the Pacific, seek land travel in a parallel line
for several hundred miles side by side with Lake
Superior ? Shall the movement of commerce over
this mighty water system be forever checked and
tfrrcsted at the mouth of Lake Superior, and be
forever interdicted from moving over its broad
waters? Certainly not; nalocal jealousy, no tem-
porary superiority in numbers in this House of
rival interests, can permanently negative the im-
portance of that great fact.. Commerce is not to
be tied to the heels of local prejudice, but wiil
seek out its own natural pathways with an in-
stinct that never errs. These lakes, with a rail-
road prolongation from their western extremity,
will yet form the great causeway of commerce
across our continent.
Hence, if we have, as I have tried to show,-
first,a great territory, nearly a thousand miles m
width, demanding this outlet; sccsndly, a terri-
tory capable of a very high degree of agricultural
development, to which this road is a necessity;
and thirdly, a chain of great lakes, running from
east to west, reaching half way across the conti-
nent and to the very point where this road pro-
poses to commence, and forming a connecting
link in this great system of continental communi-
cation—if we have all these things, Mr. Speaker,
in our favor, can this House de.ny us what It has
given so liberally to all other projects*—a grant of
the public lands?
Bat there is still another argument which has
just been brought to bear against this bill. It is
said that we should keep the public lands to pay
the public debt. Let us consider this. ,
I had occasion, a few days since, in some re-
marks I made upon another question, to allude
hurriedly to the same objection now raised here;
and nothing but the respect which I entertain for
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.'Spalding,] who
has made the objection at this time,,jvould induce
me to recur to it. It is this; the great interior of
the country, as it now lies, unsettled, uninhab-
ited, incapable of settlement;—because without the
great outlets of rivers or rails agriculture cannot
prosper, for it depends for its growth not upon
itself but upon its markets; this great interior
region, I say, so situated, is valueless to the
people and to the nation. And so long as that
region of country remains in the condition in
which it now is, it can be of 110 value to the Gov-
ernment or the people, and its land cannot be
worth any conceivable price. But if, by the
granting of these lands, you can build up vast
communities; if you can develop a mighty coun-
try; if you can create great States that will come
on this floor by their Representatives and on the
floor of the other House by their Senators; if vast
populations can be made to cluster around these
fertile regions, then you obtain the means of tax-
ation; you obtain men; you obtain the sinews pf
strength, of government, of power.
Contrast for an instant the States of Ohio, In-
diana, and Illinois, as they now stand—mighty
Commonwealths, inhabited by vast and patriotic
and intelligent populations; fuil of wealth, and
prosperity, and .happiness—with the value that
the territory upon which they are planted would
now possess to the nation if it had never been
settled. Who will dare tp draw the comparison ?
This, then, seems to me to be not only the pol-
icy of the Government, but ithas been its settled,
uniform, unvarying policy for a quarter of a cen-
tury; and it is too late now to attempt to displace
or alter it.
But gentlemen may fear .that this road may
prove a rival to the central road and delay its
construction. Be it so..
If this road, by the mere force of its natural
advantages, by the agricultuial character of the
country through which it will pass, by the force
of its geographical position, can be built with no
aid from Congress save a mere land grant, then
indeed is it most unfair to deny it that small boon;
more particularly when to a toad that lies fur-
ther south, Congress has given not only a grant
of land but an immense loan of bonds of the Uni-
ted States, the interestand the principal of which
the people of the Northwest will have, in common
with the rest of the nation, to pay. . If this road,
without bonds, can be built before the other road
with that great ad vantage, then it is most evident
that to this road should be given the assistance of
the Government. The very dread in winch it
seems to be held by its rival is the strongest ar-
gument in its favor.
We who represent the northern tier of States
of this Union ask here simply for a land grant.
We are told by officers of the corporation into
whose hands it is proposed to confide the build-
ing of this road—and 1 have faith in their asser-
tions—that they mean to build this road, and can
build it. The very clause they have inseited in
the bill, providing that they shall never be per-
mitted to mortgage the road, looks like good faith.
There is no fraud here, for they have cut off, by
that provision, the very means of fraud. It looks
to me as if they were m earnest in their efforts.
I trust that the House will afford them every
opportunity to succeed; and that it will not, at
this late day, reverse the policy of the Govern-
ment by denying to this northern Pacific road
less than half the advantages which it has given
to its southern competitor; but will generously
close its ears to the clamors of rival interests, and
do an act of justice, by the passage of this bill, to
a vast region of country yet in its infancy of de-
velopment, but which will eventually prove a
'thousand-fold more advantageous to the nation
than the barren tracts through which that Cen-
tral road must pass.
Mr. STEVENS took the floor.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to yield to me for a few moments.
Mr. STEVENS. I will yield forfive minutes.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Speaker, of course I
ress-pf this bill longer
than while 1 am talking, or of ultimately prevent-
ing its passage. 1 know that whe  a proposi-
tion of this kind is introduced .hare giving away
forty or fifty million scores of lands, it is certain to
pass,especially underrthe load of the distinguished
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. %evens.]
It is at least singular that we should propose .to
take-up awl galvanize an obsolete, dead corpora-
tion of the State of Maine, a thousand miles away
even from its eastern terminus, for a great; na-
tional work of this kind. If.it is a thing proper
to be done by Congress, why not create the ma-
chinery ourselves and have the credit fa; it? ,I,do
not like the idea of giving a\yay lands ta extend
the Grand Trunk railroad of Canada. This ap-
pears to me to be the object aimed.at. I am re-
minded in this connection thattljis bill proposing
to aid in. the building of a railroad over a,tract of
country in which there are no .inhabitants, to
reach a State containing only one hundred, thou-
sand inhabitants, is like the proposition of a gen-
tleman, who formerly represented Oregon here,
and who urged upon the Committee of Ways and
Means to recommend an approp.riation.forestab-
lishing afortat Walla-Walla and sending # regi-
ment of soldiers there, it was asked if t&ere
weieany inhabitants there; he said no, but if we
would pnly build a fort there and place a regiment
of men in jt there would be. [Laughter.] So it
is argued here, that if we build tins road we will
have inhabitants in the -region through which it
passes, and that we shall thus develop the re-
sources of the country. • It, strikes mc, Mr.
Speaker, that the .more prudent.course for ua at
this time is to husband our resoflrcesiflttch-tts we
have left, to sustain the credit of the Government,
and let tljisslupendousprojectwattuntil the com-
merce of the country will do something toward
sustaining the road after it shall be built. This
is a most munificent grant, involving, 1 believe,
not less than forty million acres of land;, at least
there is no agreement among the friends of the
measure as to how muph it will require, whether
thirty-six, forty, or fifty million acres. 1 hope
the House will consider long before they pass a
bill of this kind, l ean see no trade there is now
to support a roftd through this country except the
carrying of a few muskrat skins from the Red
riyer-of the North. There is no trade whatever,
except the fur trade, beyond the limitsof our set-
tlements. If .I can have the opportunity I shall
move that this bill be postponed till- December
next.
Mr. GRINNELL. I hope.'thegenttemaii frota
Pennsylvania will.yield me the fldor a very few
moments. . . ..
Mr. STEVENS. I cannotyield thefloor.again.
I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The SPEAKER-announced that Mr. Stevens
having reported the bill was entitled to the floor
to close debate.
• Mr. STEVENS. I have been somewhat sur-
prised, Mr. Speaker, to see the hostility mani-
fested to this bill, but 1 have been more surprised
to see the quarter from which it comes. .How-
ever, in this place, where every man acts accord-
ing to hisown judgment and taste, I haveno right
to find fault about that.
First, let me reply to an objection made by the
gentleman from OI110 [Mr. Spalding] in reference
to the form in which thi's bill is brought in. It
is true this company was chartered by the State
of Maine, but it is composed of men who are men
ofsubstance,are among the solid'men of New Eng-
land. But thegentleman forgets that precisel y such
provisions were.in the bill for the Central road.
When that bill was first reported to the House au-
thorizing it company incorporated by theGovern-
menuo makeit, it evidently broke down. It was
found that it could not pass, that it was in fact-dead,
and suggestions were- made to me at that time
which induced me to propose a change in the law.
I need notteJIthe House what those reasons were.
Objections were made to a company chartered by
Congress being permitted to make internal im-
provements within the limits of States. It is an
old objection, as old as the days of Calhoun, or
before his time. But there is a largeand influen-
tial party comprising a large portion of the people
of this country who do not concede to Congress
the right to .charter a tompany to make internal
