1320
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
protect the liberties of the nation, menaced by
this foul revolt against law and order, liberty and
civilization. That patriotism which garners the
hallowed memories of the past, which compre-
hends the vital issues of the present, which is in-
stinct'with the aspirations of the future that looms
up grand and great, bade wealth open its coffers
to meet the needs of the imperiled nation, and
the citizen bare his bosom to the blows aimed at
the nation's life; it bade the mother offer upon the
altar of her endangered country her fair-haired
boy in the bloom and pride of youth; it bade the
wife send forth the husband of her love and hope
to tho harvest of death; and manhood
 11 offer youth and beauty
On the wasting sin me
Of a stern and lofty duty,"
Mindful of a country to serve and to save, hun-
dreds of thousands of the young men of loyal
America have left their blooming fields, their for-
ests and mines, theirringing woikshopsand mills,
their ships that " help to wind the silken chain of
commerce round the woild," their homes hal-
lowed by associations and memories, their par-
ents, brothers, sisteis, wives, children, friends,
the dear and the loved, to follow the old flag of
united Amorica to tho battle-field, there to bear
soldiers' burdens*, do soldiers' duties, and fill, if
it might be, soldiers' graves. We saw them as
they thionged at the summons of duty around the
unrolled banners of the Republic*, we heard the
glad music of their march; we gazed upon the
glitteung steel and upon the gleaming banners as
they fluttered away from our straining sight; and
with throbbing heait, quickened pulse, quiveiing
lip, and tearful eye, we commended them to the
guauiian cme of thai ljeing who notes even the
aparrow's fall.
Through nearly three years of allernate suc-
cesses and disasters, of weary tods, wasting
'matches, and decimating battles, they have borne
bravely the banners of our unity and power.
Many, who went from us m thepnde ot lusty
life, now «l<M'p in their bloody fditouds in the
ciowded and shallow trenches of the fields made
immortal hy their eonstaney and valor. Many,
wasted by disease or falling by the hand of war,
rest beneath !on >ly mound* on luuh'-fieldtf, along
the lines o) matches, mound the encampments
and ih'; hospitals, or m the gmveyards beneath
their own noi (hern sines. Many, hi oken by dis-
ease, or maimed by .shot or shell, be in the hos-
pitals, or linger tuiiuii^ us, reminding us of the
appalling auenlieea of this levolt ot imrbansni.
"Worn out and wasted by the stoi ms of war, regi-
ments that marched away with ei owded ranks
are standing airrnly front, to the urm  d fo< .* of the
Republic wherever they menace the authoiity of
the nation, ready to follow then torn and faded
fhtgs into hetih baitle-lichis. The wasting bat-
talions that opened the Mississippi, so that its
waters, from tlnir source** to the Uulf, lellect
back the stars of our national liag; the war-smit-
ten regiments of the army of the Potomac, that
on the immoital field of Gettysburg rolled back j
the udvancing legions of the rebellion, bioke jiH |
power, and blasted its hopes foievei, must yet be j
renewed by the ticfch vigor nod blood of the peo- :
plo. The needs of the imp'eriled eounu y still de- ;
mand thatthe decimated ranks of oui veteran he- i
rocn that now bear upon theii bayonets the unity i
and existence of the nation should bo crowded I
with the manhood of the Republic. j
Why is it, Mr. President, that this nvgmikcnt
continental Republic isnow rent, torn,dissevered, !
by civil wai ? Why is it that the land resounds I
with the measured tread of a million of armed ]
men? Why is ii that our bright wateU are stained j
and our green fields reddened with fiatcrnal blood > 1
Why is st that the young men of America, m the j
pride and bloom of early manhood, are summoned !
from homes, fiom the mothers who bore them, !
from the wives and sisters who love them, to the !
fields of bloody strife-' Why is it that millions j
of the men and the women of Christian Ameiica ,
are sorrowing wiih aching heaitaaud teaituleyes .
for the absent, the loved, and the lost? Why is 1
it that the heait of loyal America throbs heavily !
oppressed with anxiety and gloom for the future I
of the country ? j
Sir, this gigantic crime against the peace, the i
unity, and the life ox1 the nation is to make eternal j
the hateful dominion of man over the souls and '
bodies of his fellow-men. These sacntices of!
property, of health, and of life, these appalling
sorrows and agonies now upon us, are all the
merciless inflictions of slavery in its gigantic ef 
fort to found itsempircand make its hateful power
forever dominant in Christian America. Yes,
slavery is the conspirator that conceived and or-
ganized this mighty conspiracy against theunity
and existence of the Republic. Slavery is the
traitor that madly plunged the nation into thefire
and blood and darkness of civil war. Slavery is
the criminal whose hands are dripping with the
blood of our murdered sons. Yes, sir, slavery
is the conspirator, the traitor, the criminal that is
reddening the sods of Christian America with the*
blood of fathers and husbands, sons and brothers,
and bathing them with the bitter tears of mothers,
wives, and sisters.
Sir,-slavery—bold, proud, domineering, with
hate in its heart, scorn in its eye, defiance in its
mien—has pronounced against the existence of
republican institutions in America, against the
supremacy of the Government, the unity And life
of the nation. Slavery, hating the cherished in-
stitutions that tend to secure tho rights and enlarge
the privileges of mankind; despising the toiling
masses as mudsills and white slaves; defying the
Government, its Constitution and its laws, has
openly pronounced itself the mortal and unap-
peasable enemy of the Republic. Slavery stands
to-day the only clearly pronounced foe our country
hason the globe. Therefore every word spoken,
every line written, every act performed that keeps
the breath ofhfe in slavery for amoment, is against
the existence of democratic institutions, against
the dignity of the toiling millions, against the lib-
erty, the peace, the honor, the lenown, and the
life of the nation. In the lights of to-day that flash
upon us from camp and battle-field, the loyal eye,
heart, and brain of America sees and feels and
realizes that the death of slavery is the life of the
nation ! The loyal voice of patriotism pronounces,
m clear accents, that American slavery must die
that the American Republic may live!
Mr. President, the imperishable records of the
Republic will bear to future ages the amplest evi-
dence that shivery has ever been hostile to the
spnit of her free institutions. Planted in America
by the commercial and colonial policy of the Brit-
ish empire, fostered by Hiitish legislation, pro-
tected by British kings and queens, lords, judges,
and prelates, slavery,fiom the day if entered the
harbor of Jamestown to the dawn of the Revolu-
tion, was an alien m America, an enemy to law
and order, liberty and pi ogress. The pages of
our colonial history heai to us the amplest testi-
mony (hat our fathers saw its malign influence,
and protested against the slave tradeand the slave-
extending policy of the British Government. The
blight pages of our history, upon which are re-
couled the heroic deeds of the men who accepted
the bloody issues of civil war in defense of their
periled liberties, and whose names are forever as-
sociated with national independence and consti-
tutional Government, will transmit to all coming
genoiatioos the glorious fact that the founders of
the Republic believed slavei y to be. an evil—a mor-
al, social, and political evil — that would pav^away
under the influence ofthe ideas arrd principles they
had proclaimed.
Hui slavery, ever lawless,aggressive, seductive,
glided into the illustrious assembly that pro-
claimed America independent, and there bade the
men who were hurling defiance at the most pow-
erful empire of the world erase fiom their im-
mortal declaration the words Jefferson had traced,
branding the Afi ican slave trade as an " execrable
coin me i if," " a piratical warfare," u a cruel war
•against human nature itself." In the Continental
Congiess, when the exhausted and bleeding coun-
try needed soldiers to fight her battles, slavery
raised its imperious voice, asit does in these days
of peril, against arming; black and permitting
them to light and bleed for the Rtfpubhc. Yes,
when the heel of British power was on Carolina
and Georgia, and the youthful and accomplished
Laurens sought to summon bondmen to the de-
fense of the smuggling country, slavery was " the
triple-headed monster that shed the baleful influ-
ence of avarice, prejudice, and pusillanimity in
all our assemblies." Slavery came into the Con-
vention of illustrious statesmen met to frame a
Constitutioifi'or United A menca, and by the voice
of the Pmckneys (Jefiantly-declared that " South :
Carolina could never receive the Constitution if it
prohibits the slave trade;" and that assembly of
immortal statesmen who had met unawed the
power of the British empire were forced to permit
the African slave trade to continue for twenty
years longer, unchecked by national legislation,
and to incorporate into the new Constitution a
provision under color of which slave-masters could
hunt their fleeing bondmen over fields once moist-
ened,with revolutionary blood.
Sir, under the new Constitution, framed to se-
cure the blessings of liberty, slavery strode into
the chambers of legislation, the halls of justice,
the mansions of the Executive,and, with menaces
in the one hand and bribes ii) the other, it awed
the timid and seduced the weak. Marching on
from conquest to conquest, crushing where it could
not awe, seduce, or coirupt, slavery saw institu-
tions of learning, benevolence, and religion, po-
litical organizations and public men, ay, and the
people too, bend before it and acknowledge its
iron rule. Seizing on the needed acquisitions of
Louisiana and of Florida to extend its boundaries,
consolidate its power, and enlarge its sway, sla-
very crossed tho Mississippi and there established
its barbarous dominion against the too feeble re-
sistance of a not yet conquered people. Control*
ling absolutely the policy ofthe South, swaying
the policy of the nation, impressing itself upon
the legislation, the sent\ments, and opinions of the
North, slavery moved on to assured dominion.
Under its aggressive advances emancipation soci-
eties, organized by the men of the revolutionary
era in the first bright ardor of secured liberty r
one by one disappeared; presses and churchcs
forgot to remember those m bonds as hound with*
them,and recreant sons disowned the sentiments,
opinions, and piinciples of a glorious ancestry.
And slavery, in the pride of power, proclaimed
itself in the Halls of Congress, through its apos-
tles and champions, its Calhouns and McDuffics,
"a positive good," " the only stable basis of re-
publican institutions," "the corner-stone of the
republican edifice."
Rut amid this general defection from the faith
of the statesmen and heroes of the revolutionary
age, a fearleso and faithful few clung to the teach-
ings of Washington and Franklin, Jefferson and
Jay, and their illustrious compeers, Unawed by
its power, unscduced by its blandishments, they
opposed to the aggressions of slavery—ay, to
slavery itself—a stern and unyielding resistance.
They proclaimed emancipation to be the duty of
the master and the right of the slave. To advance
the cause of emancipation and to improve the con-
dition of free people of color they avowed their
readiness to use 44 all means sanctioned by law,
humanity, and religion." Slavery marked and
branded these heroic men as political and social
outlaws; compelling them, in the words of John
G. Whitti'H*, " to hold property, liberty, and life
itself at the mercy of lawless mobs." Slavery
cast Hs malign influence over all the land, mad-
dening the bruin and firing the heart of a deluded
people ngain&t the fearless few who opposed its
aggressions and pitied its hapless victims. Pas-
sion — blind, unreasoning passion — ruled the
hour. Cities were lighted by the sacked and
burning dwellings of a proscribed and hated race.
Churches, institutions of learning, and presses,
were often forcibly closed or destroyed at the bid-
ding of slavery by the lawless violence of "gen-
tlemen of property and standing."
Slaves were held in the District of Columbia,
and slave pens and the slave trade polluted and
dishonored the national capital under the color of
laws for which the people of America wete re-
sponsible in the forum of nations and before the
throne of Almighty God, Christian men and
women,oppressed with the sin and shame, humbly
petitioned Congress to lehevo them from the>tsin
and shame by making the national capital free.
Sla very bade its tools—its Pnaons, its Pmckneys,
and its Athertons—violate the constitutional ri^ht
of petition, and willing majorities hastened to re-
gister its decree. Slavery arraigned before the bar
of the House of Representatives John Q,uincy
Adams, the illustrious chnmpion of the right of
petition and the freedom of speech, arid ite'vpelled
the fearless and faithful Giddings for the offense
of daring to construe the Constitution of his coun-
try and interpret the law of nations. Slavery
stepped upon the decks of Massachusetts ships
m the harbor of Charleston, seized colored sea-
men, citizens of the Commonwealth, and con-
