1322
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March. 28,
poisoned the very fountains of existence in the I
South; it has entered into the blood and bone and «
marrow and (he soul of our southern country- !
men. It has filled their bosoms with bitter, [
fierce, unreasoning hate toward their countrymen !
of the North, and the institutions,the Government,
and the flag of'their country. So long as slavery
shall live, it will infuse Us deadly and fatal poison
into the southern brain, heart, and soul. Then
let slavery die a felon's death, and sink into a
traitor's grave, amid the curses of a loyal nation.
Then, when slavery shall sleep the sleep that
knows ntJ waking, m the grave of dishonor arid
infamy, reason will assume its mild sway again
over our now maddened, poisoned, and intoxi-
cated countrymen of the South. Take the mad-
dening* cup from the trembling hand of the drunk-
ard, who, in his wild delirium, hates the mother
who bore him, the wife of his bosom, and the
children of his love, and that drunkard will bo a
man again, and love, cherish, and protect the
mother, wife, and children he would smite down
in his madm ss. Smite down slavery, strike the
fetters from the limbs of its hapless victims, and
slave-masters will become loyal again, ready to
pour out their blood for the Government they
now hateand the country they nowassail. They
will recur to the recollections of the early days
of the Republic with gratitude and patriotic pride,
they will look forward tyith undoubting confi-
dence in the future of their country. Their hearts
will again throb with kindly regard for their coun-
trymen of the North, and they will hail once
more the beneficent institutions of a united coun-
try, The old under which the men of the
North and of the South fought and bled, side by
side, on land and wave, will again bo an object
of affection and piide; its stars, now obscured to
their vision, will gleam again with brighter luster
and more radiant beauty.
Sir, would we, then, punish the foul conspira-
tor, the lawless traitor, the giant criminal, that-
organized this conspiracy, inaugurated this civil
war, and muidered our tuns; would we presetve
our country one and indivisible; would we secure
for our countrymen, our institutions, our coun-
try, and our Government futuie repose and af-
fection, let us email out and utterly exterminate
slavery in America. Surely the needs of the
country, the pressing exigencies of passmgevents
leach this as our first and highest duty. Purely
the far-seeing intelligence of loyal patriotism is
rising to the Inil compiehenyion of this duty to
an endangeietf country, to the present and future
age*. Suieiy the Congress of the United Stare*
and the Cinef Magistrate of the Republic should
come to the realization of this transcendent duty.
When slavery, in the spring of Idlil, stained
the Inml with the blood of civil war, the President,
by proclamation, summoned the Thirty-Seventh
Congress to meet on the 4th of July, and at noon
on that day Congress assembled, "to enter upon
the mighty task imposed upon it by the national
penis. Vacant chairs in both Chambers vividly
impreMcd upon the mind the gigantic prupoi-
tions ot the rebellion, and the fearful magni-
tude oi the impending sti ng<;!e, and inspired the
soul with something of awe in the piesence of
events h  transcendent. Few of the ehiels of sla-
very were pi esent to dominate, seduce, or corrupt.
Ihe clear-headed, practical, dominating Davis:
the erratic, reckless, blustering Toombs; the ac-
complisued, timid, cautious Hunter; the elocjueiit,
polished, insincere Benjamin; the pretentious,
pompo'us Mason; the bold, adroit, unscrupulous
"Slide!!; the dark, eoid, hitter Clay; the genii*,
couih'ous, fanatical Brown, ami their compeers
}?i eon-amacy, xeduion, and treason, plotted their
foul, daik,anU infernal work no longer nt the Cap-
itol ot the cation. iiut BrecKmridge, the chosen
chief of incipient treason, not less guilty than his
absent compeer* u\ crime, was present to cavil
and to criticise, denounce the actsirf loyal patriot-
ism, uie lie taiuk away to strike at the heart of
the count) y that had trusted and honored hum.
The chair of Douglas was vacant; lifc-lmig op >o-
uents gaoi\l p.-uify upon it, for they gratetuiiy re-
nu'iii' ucd thut the cubing hours of his crowded
hie wcr" V'.'ij to patriotism, to adjuring his de-
voted ibil>wcis to ciing t(  the Union, and crush
the iebeiuoii with th^non hand of war. Andrew
Johnson, baffling the assassins of the Union ni
Tennessee, was present to cheer and to animate
by bold and patriotic counsels.
Sir, seldom in the history of nations have states-
men been called to the perforrnanceofhigherduties
than were the men who were summoned by the
Administration they had placed in power to legis-
late for a land remand torn by discord and stained
by fraternal blood. They entered with brave
hearts and resolved spirits upon the great, work
imposed upon them with unsurpassed devotion
and tireless industry. The Administration asked
for four hundred thousand men and $400,000,000,
and Congress promptly gave itfive hundred thou-
sand men and $500,000,000. The Army and
Navy were increased, and luwa enacted for the
organization and government of the military and
naval forces, mid for supplying the Government
with the needed means to carry on the war, whose
gigantic proportions startled and amazed the
world.
Statesmen of -the majority in both Houses of
Congress clearly saw that slavery was not only
the cause and motive-power of the rebellion, but
that the ceaseless toil of its millions of enforced
victims enabled treason to fill the ranks, feed and
pay its armies. They would quickly strike at
the vital* of the insurrection by confiscating the
property of leading rebels, and freeing the slaves
of all rebel masters; but prudence demanded that
they should yield,at least for a time, to the coun-
sels of the cautious and the fears of the timid.
Slaves were used by rebel armies to erect fortifi-
cations, dig trenches and rifle-pits; but it wasnot
until after the defeat of Bull Run that a majority
could be obtained in Oougiess to cnaet that such
slaves should be declared free. The timid and
the cautious feared that Union men in the border
States would be alarmed by the emancipation of
the slaves used to construct woiks, behind which
rebel legions mi«>lu hurl shot and shell into the
bared bosoms of our devoted sons, battling for
their country under the old flag. Kutthis meas-
ure, denounced by the traitor Ureekmndge as
'' the first of a series of acts loosing ail bonds,"
became the law of the land.
Sir, as the rebellion developed its gigantic pro-
portions, as the rebel confederacy manifested its
great military power, the loyal masses, whose
instincts outrun the dedm tions of statesmen, did
not fad to see that slavery was the vital and im-
pelling force of the rebellion, and that it should
be crippled by theexerci.se ol all the constitutional
and war powers of the Government, no they hailed
and welcomed the proclamation of John C. Fre-
mont.
Congress assembled in December, 1^01, in-
structed by the eventa of the war, ami oh.aired by
the sentimi nts of the people. Measures of tran-
scendent magnitude piessed tor consideration, and
to the consideration of these measures Congress
addressed itself with an industry never surpassed
—-no, never equaled by any Congress m the his-
tory of the Republic. Important measures con-
ceniing the Army and JNavy were passed, a great
system of internal taxation was devised, and the
revenue, laws revised. The Pacific railroad bill
was enacted, and that, beneficent measure, the
homestead bill, was made the law of the land.
Other measures for the defence, protection, and
'Metesfy of the country, hardly less important,
were matured and enacted; but the crow nini' glory
of the Thirty-Seventh Congress was its compre-
hensive, far-reaching legislation against slavery,
the declared enemy of the country, and the com-
mon enemy of the race. For two generations
slavery had polluted the national capital, under
the sanction of the nation. On the day Congress
leassemblcd, three tlrcmsand men, women, and
children, fettered by the people of this Republic,
as they held up their manacled hands, could see
the stars and stripes wn\e over the Capitol. Con-
gress, by decisive majorities m both Houses
struck the shackles from th'* limbs of these three
thousand bondmen, and made the capital of the
nation free forevcrmore. Slavery, stung to mad-
ness, mmteied malediction;:,painted the miseries
of freedom, drew vivid pictures of the horrors of
San Domingo, and predicted anarchy and strife;
but the enfranchised bondmen assembled in the
churches of the living God, and offered up the
thanks of a grateful people for the priceless boon
of personal freedom.
The fifteen thoasand persons of African descent
m the District of Columbia were subjected to in-
human and oppressive laws and ordinances. Con-
giess enacted that they should be tried for the
same offenses in the same manner and be sub-
jected to.the same punishment as were white per-
sons. The free colored people of the District v, ere
compelled to pay taxes for the support of schools
from which their children were excluded, and
Congress authorized them to establish schools,
and to pay their own money for the support of
their own schools.
Slavery demanded the right to enter and range
over the Territories unchecked bjr national legis-
lation orloca-1 law. It bade the legislators of New
Mexico enact a barbarous slave code, and also a
degrading code for the oppression of white labor-
ing men; but those legislators hastened to repeal
those dishonoring codes, when the nation put its
heel upon the neck of the slave power in the au-
tumn of 1860. On every rood of the vast terri-
tory of the United States, the Thirty-Seventh
Congress has written, Slavery shall be prohibited
forever and forever, The irrepealable decide has
gone forth that evermore those prairies slid for-
ests and mines, with their illimitable resources to
be developed for mankind, are consecrated to
freedom and free institutions for all, chains and
fetters for none.
Slavery, unmindful of the commercial interests
of the country, although the commercial interests
of the country have been too often mindful of the
interests of slavery, persistently refused for two
generations to acknowledge the independence of
ilayti, but the Thirty-Seventh Congress by large
majonties acknowledged the independence of
Hayti and Liberia. For many years the Afri-
can slave-traders carried on their inhuman and
accursed traffic under the protecting folds of the
American flag, but slavery saw neither inhuman-
ity nor dishonor in this degrading prostitution of
the emblem of our national sovereignty. The Ad-
ministration early negotiated a treaty with the
British Government for the more effectual sup-
pression of that loathsome traffic, by the mutual
lecognition of the rightof visitation and of search
on the coasts of Africa, and the Senate of the
United States, no longer controlled by the oli-
garchs, ratified that treaty, and the Thirty-Sev-
enth Congress enacted the needed legislation to
carry it into full effect, in spite of all persuas-
ive influences and noisy'clamors the President
of the United States peimitted the violated laws
to be enforced upon a slave pirate in the city of
New York, by which he died a felon's death and
left a felon's name.
OHicers in the military service often dishonored
that service by surrendering persons claimed as
fugitive slaves, who sought protection and service
under the Hag of the country. Sometimes per-
sons claimed as fugitive slaves were given up to
rebel claimants and inhumanly tortured. Ourcn-
campmenta were sometimes searched by traitor
masters, weaponed for violence, and humane offi-
cers were sometimes arrested and punished for
refusing to stain their souls with the1 crime of sur-
rendenng to rebel masters escaped slaves, who
were ever ready to serve their country with a no-
ble fidelity—a fidelity now acknowledged by Wil-
liam ft. Seward in these aptand ever-to-be-remem-
bered woids:
'• EVI:RY\VHFRE TIIK AMERICAN GENTRA?.. RECEIVES HIS
MOHT CMai.t, AND RLLI 4.C.I.E IN FORM K'l ION FROM THE NR~
ouo, u./io hails his coming as the huilhi^er oj ftcedom,"
The Thirty-Seventh Congress enacted by de-
cisive majorities a new aiticie of war tor the gov-
ernment of all our armies, that persons claimed
as fugitive slaves shall not be surrendered by per-
sons engaged in the military or naval service on
pain of being dismissed from that service.
Sir, the Thirty-Seventh Congress declared in
the confiscation act that no slave escaping into
any State, Territory, or the District of Columbia,
should be delivered up or deprived of his liberty in
any way except for some offense against the laws,
unless the person claiming said fugitive shall make
oath that he has not been in arms against the
Unit-nl States, nor given aid and comfort to the
rebellion in any way; and that no persons in the
mihtuy or naval service shall assume to decide
upon the validity of any claim to fugitive slaves,
nor surrender any such persons to the claimant,
on pam of b"nig dismissed from the s  ivice. P>y
the ninth section of that act, the Thirty-Seventh
Congress provided that all slave? of persons in
rebellion against the Government of the United
States escaping and taking refuge within the lines
of the Army, or captured from such persons or
