2?6
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20,
out of this body. No other course could secure
the country. Whenever the opportunity occurred,
whenever the majority was obtained by those
whom they had left here, and by the places which
were filled by the people,those men wereexpelled
from the body.
The next question is, how are they to be kept
out? It is clear, sir—it is not neccssary that I
should take up your time in proving that—if the
interests of this Government are to be put into
the keeping of men who avow their enmity to its
existence, and who boldly plot its destruction, it
is utterly impossible that that Government cah
long exist. If men of that character and men of
that conduct can have seats and retain scats here,
then there is an end of this Government. If the
Constitution is so framed that it is subject to this
infirmity incurably, it is an abortion, it is a total
failure; and if any.construction can be given to
this Constitution which, in practical application,
can prdduce this efTect, it is as much a destruction
of tins Government as secession is.
Such was our condition and such were the de-
mands upon us. It became necessary to inquire
what was the mode of correction. It was quite
evident that the taking of an oath to support the
Constitution did not amount to any correction.
All those men had that oath on them, and it fur-
nished no sufficient security. The Constitution
provided that a man should have certain qualifi-
cations in order to be admitted as a Senator: that
he should be thirty years of age, a citizen of the
United States for nine years, and a resident of
the State electing him. If no other qualifications
or disqualifications could by any possibility be
framed and constitutionally executed, then those
men were entitled to have their seats here if they
cOuld but get here, and, if entitled to take them,
entitled to keep them. Thequestion then returned
directly on the mind is, is it true that such is the
Constitution of this Government that you can
. have no other qualifications or disqualifications
that those mentioned in the Constitution ? If you
have no others, then clearly it was subject to the
infiimity of which I have spoken.
The honorable Senator from Delaware seems to
suppose all the way through his remarks that we
have undertaken to create new disabilities by the
form of the oath which we have prescribed, and
all his argument has been confined to that, lev-
eled to the form of that law. All iiis objections
are made to that law, as if that law created, made,
defined new qualifications or disqualifications.
There is the gieat mistake. I will undertake to
show that that statute does not contain any pro-
vision for a disqualification, never was made for
any such pur pose, that the disqital 1 fixation which
exists of which that statute .speaks wna created
by entirely an independent and different law,
passed at the same session, and therefore in pari
materia an this subject of treason, and that the
statute in regard to the oath is merely ancillary,
auxiliary, aiding the hody in the carrying into
eftect of the other independent law which created
the disability. 1 now wish to call the attention
of the Senate to the law to which I have alluded,
not the law which is chained by the Senator with
creating the disability, but the law which actually
did create it.
Mr. President, I a k again what was the trouble
which existed > It was nothing more nor less than
this: that, as we viewed it, men who weie trai-
tors here and traitors in the field against us miijht
have seats here, and we thought that those men ;
should be, if they could be, disqualified from hav-
ing seats here. We found upon looking at the
existing statutes that the punishment for treason,
the ciime of treason, being itself defined in the
Constitution, was death, no other. It is very tine i
that if a man is executed it generally disqualifies !
him from holding office; but there seemed to be ;
no other way tn get him disqualified under the
then existing law except by having him executed.
It was hardly to be expected thatwe-should ever
be able, however successful we might be, to bring
to trial and execution, I will notsay hundreds,hut 1
thousands. There weie a vauety of consideia- j
lions which entered in a great measuie into the \
change of the law for the punishment of treason, j
It was changed, and I wish to call attention to it I
a-3 it was changed, i he law making the change ■
was passed in July, 18U2, and it provided  ° I
" 'Fh every person who^hall heroaftoi eommit the <mmo >
treason agniiist the United State*, and Ou adjudged I
guilty thereof, shall suffer death, mid all hw slaves, it any,
shall be declared and made tree; or, at the discietion of
the eourt, he shall be imprisoned for not less than five years,
and fined not le?s than §10,000, and nil hiri slaves, if any,
shall he declared and made free ; said fine shall be levied
and collected on any or all of the property, real and per-
sonal, excluding slaves, of which the &aiti pei on so con-
victed was the owner at the time of committing the said
crime, any sale or conveyance to the contrary" notwith-
standing. •
" S?kc. 2. Jln.il he it further enacted, That if any person
shall hereaftet incite, set on foot, or assist, or engage in any
rebellion or insuriection against the authority of the Unj ted
States, or the laws thereof, or shall give aid oi comfoit
thereto, or shall engage in or give aid and eomtort to any
such existing rebellion or insuirection, and be convicted
thereof, such person shall be punished by imprisonment for
a period not exceeding ten years', or by a fine Yiot exceed-
ing $10,000, and by the liberation of all his slaves, if any
he have; or by both of said punishments, at the diseietioii
of the court.
"Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enaeteJ, That every person
gmlty of either of the offenses descubed m this act shall
be forever incapable and disqualified to hold any office un-
der the United States*."
There was the law that created the disability,
it was not the law about the oath. Another thing
you will observe, Mr. President, that if disaffected
States could send men here opposed to the exist-
ence of our Government, and who desired its de-
struction, and if those men could come from the
battle-field of yesterday, sit here to-day and con-
found our councils and return to the battle-field
to-morrow, what would be the consequence?
These men, we well understand, could never be
convicted in Slates thus sustaining them; and
therefore if we were to wait for their conviction
we could never be disabused of them in the Sen-
ate, could never be expurgated of them. This
law was not drawn so as to provide that if a man
shall be convicted of treason he shall be disquali-
fied. That is not the expression. It was intended
and made for the occasion. It is that " every per-
son guilty of either of the oifenses described in this
act shall be forever incapable." The man is in-
capable if he is guilty of the act. A disaffected
State which would send a traitor here would not
be likely to convict him; and if we could not be
disabused and fieed from persons of that kind to
confound our councils, if. is clear that this Con-
stitution and this Government must go to ruin.
Hence this law was drawn, intentionally drawn,
in that way. What is the effect? Is there any-
thing unconstitutional in it?
The honorable Senator from Delaware produces
to us the decision m New Yotk in the case of
Jacob Barker against the People of the Slate, de-
cided in their supreme court and carried to their
court of errors and there affirmed, and he sub-
scribes to the doctiine of that decision, and pro-
duces it as sustaining himself. The decision is
that a State by its Legislature has a right to create
an incapacity to hold office, a disqualification for
office, as a punishment of crime, ami the Senator
admits that Congress by its legislation may do so
as to offices under the United States. The Senator
says so; that case says so; and if this country is
without that power it is shorn of a power neces-
sary to its existence. But there is nothing new in
that. This is not a new case of that kind. Since
theeaily day of 1790 wo have had upon our stat-
ute-book a law that a man guilty of bribery m our
courts should be disqualified from holding any
office under the Government. In 1853 wo passed
a law that if a man was found guilty of bribery
not merely in court, but in regard to any mattei
connected with the Government anywheie, he
should be disqualified from holding office under
the Government. Recently there have been a
number of these statutes. There is nothing new
in principle in them. I do not know why the
United States Government, in the making of its
laws for the punishment of crimes against its au-
thority, w not clothed with the same power as a
State Jlegislature. We have always so considered
ii, and have exercised the power' I know of no
piohibition upon the power of Congress m the
making of laws for the punishment of c'rime ex-
cept the restriction that crucl or unusual punish-
ment shall not be inflicted.
I'his statute, thus made, under this known and
acknowledged authonty of Confess, is entirely
unobnoxious to a large pai t of the objections which
the Senator from Delaware has m ulc to the other
law providing for the administering of the oath.
seems utterly to have overlooked this statute.
He either believus or would lead <. rheis to believe
that the disqualification of a man who is a traitor j
holding a Kent here is to be found only in that I
oath law, and his great objection is to its being
created in such a manner, either because he never
heard, or never thought proper to look at, or did
not desire to expose this law, which I have now
presented.
This leads me, Mr. President, to make some
remark now, in regular order, in relation to that
other law, the law about which he finds so much
fault. Suppose that no other law had been passed
upon this subject of disqualification for treason
except the one 1 have read, how would it have
left it? The Senate and the House of Represent-
atives, judges of the qualification of their own
members, having before them this law providing
that if a man was guilty of treason he should be
disqualified from holding office, their only course
would be to carry into effect that declared law as
well as they could, making proper inquiry whether
anybody who presented himself here for a seat
fell within it, and if he fell within it to prohibit
his taking the seat. In that case it would have
been left entirely to their own rules, to their own
oider of proceeding. It would have been like a
case which was mentioned the other day by the
honorable Senator fiom Kentucky. He told us
that the Legislature of the State of Kentucky re-
cently passed a law by which they disfranchise
all their citizens who have been engaged in this
rebellion, do not permit them to vote; and he vciy
piopeily added that the judges of election took
their best course, according to their own judg-
ment, to ascertain how the fact is.
Suppose a man were to present himself here
as a Senator and you wished to ascertain in the
easiest and the most convenient way you could
whether he had the qualifications mentioned in
the Constitution, would there be anything at ail
improper in the Senate's making a rule that each
person presenting himself to be sworn in as a Sen-
ator should take an oath to answer whether ho
was thirty yeais of age; whether he was a citi-
zen of the United States for nine years; whether
he resided in the State that chose him a Senator?
If they thought that the easiest, the most quiet
and convenient practicable method of getting at
the question of his qualifications or disqualifica-
tions, could not the Senate direct its President to
ask him, " Are you thiriy years old ?" It might
not do for him to own that he was not, because
then he would not be entitled to the seat; but
would there be anything improper in asking him
the question? Is the fonnof the question varied
if you ask him about a disqualification instead
of asking him about a qualification? Not at all.
Suppose this law which I have read was the
only law upon the subject, would it not have been
competent and proper for the Senate at any time
to say to a man elected after its passage,'" Sir,
we wish to inquire of yon whether you have this
disqualification?" Why not? Why notaskhim
about that as about any other qualification or dis-
qualification, if it is a disqualification created by
a constitutional law? I cannot see the diffeience.
I think the Senate could adopt the very rule now
proposed by the Senator from Massachusetts if
this law had never been parsed—a rule that they
direct to be put to their members, the very form of
oath prescribed in the law, to ascertain whether
the paity had been guilty of treason. I see no
reason why it could not have bu n done whether
S there was a statute for it or not. I grant, how-
ever, that it is a more convenient way to have the
rule made under the form of law in the first place,
not merely to enable you to addiess yotuselves to
the man's conscit uce in the sight of God under
the sanctions of religious belief, but also to do it
under the sanctions of law; and n is made forall,
not requiring any chaiges to be filed, not requir-
ing any invidious distinctions to be made, but of-
fering it to all who present themselves. Besides,
when it has the sanction of law, a breach of the
oath becomes perjury, whereas if it was merely
prescribed by a rule a breach of it would not be
perjury.
Now, sir, what is the true character of the law
lequiring this oath? It is nothing but a nn.de
| practically to aid the body in cau-ying into effect
this previously existing declaration in relation to
disqualification, not cheating a disqualification.
Suppose a law is made, such as is common in our
States, that a man guilty of murder shall suffer
ueath; and it may be that other crimes are also
punished in the same manner. Another separate
statute is made which directs how and in what
