2298
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 17,
Mr. A. MYERS. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman from New York a question, if he will
with (haw the previous question to permit me to
do so.
Mr. A. W. CLARK. Certainly.
Mr. A. MYERS. I understood the other
proposition, of which the chairman of the Com-
mittee op Printing spoke, to bea cheaper one than
this. Is it not so?
Mr. A. W. CLARK. Yes, sir.
Mr. A. MYERS. I was in hopes that the
gentleman from New York would offer a substi-
tute for this bill containing the other proposition.
Mr. A. W. CLARK. The other proposition
is on file and may be read.
Mr. A. MYERS. That is what I want. I
hope the House will vote down this bill and pass
the other.
, Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Will the
gentleman from New York permit the other prop-
osition in regard to compensation to be brought
up, and let the House choose between the two?
, Mr. A. W. CLARK. I have no objection.
Mr, WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I understand
that one thing is certain in the matter, and that is
that the Gjobe must have further compensation
in order that it may be carried on. 1 am sure
there is no member here, who does not feel that
the-publication of that work should be continued.
It is t,he record of our proceedings, through which
our constituents know what we have been doing
here. It is the official record of Congress. I
think it is our duty, even in behalf of our con-
stituents, to keep it up even at a much largerex-
pense than at present. All that I desire to know
is which is the best means to accomplish this end.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. A. W.
Clark] has examined the question very thor-
oughly, and if he thinks that the purchase of
these volumes of the Congressional Globe is the
best means of accomplishing the object, the House
must determine. If, on the other hand, he thinks
that a direct compensation ought to be made, that
would comport more fully with my own sense
of what is right and proper to be done in the
premises.
Mr. A. W. CLARK. In answer to the gen-
tleman from Illinois I will state that when the
memorial in this matter was presented to us at a
joint meeting of the committee, I was in favor of
accepting the proposition t6 increase the compen-
sation. The committee, however, was equally
divided, and I was instructed to report both prop-
ositions to the House, which I diu. The House
on hearing them instructed the committee to re-
port a bill embodying the proposition for pur-
chasing back volumes of the Congressional Globe,
and that bill is now before the House.
Gentlemen ask me which is the more expens-
ive. The one gives to each new member of the
House who was not in the Thirty-Fourth Con-
gress a full set of the Globe. It also gives to
eveiy Senator and Delegate a perfect setof sixty-
two volumes. That carries out the original bar-
gain with Mr. Rives, which bargain was violated
by a clause in the compensation act cutting off the
distribution of books to members. The amount
of mat.ter, too, has been considerably increased
since the contract was first made, and it is asked
that that increase shall be paid lor at the rate of
two mills for every additional page. That will
amount to about forty-two thousand dollars,
which, added to the cost of the books, will make
the whole sum necessary to be appropriated
$98,000. The- acceptance of the other proposi-
tion would require the payment of within $15,000
of that amount, and no books to be furnished. I
think, therefore, that the proposition now before
the House is the cheapest, though I have uni-
fo rmly been an advocate for tile advance pay, as
1 do not fnvor the plan of voting books to mem-
bers. 1 Imve prepared this bill by the instruction
of the House. 1 now move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question otdered; which was first on the
amendment proposed by Mr. A. W. Clark.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
rend a thu d time; and being engrossed, it was ac-
cordingly read the third time.
Mr. A. W. CLARK moved the previous ques-
li-tn on the passage of the bill.
The pluvious question was seconded, and the
map! qu.'Mion ui'Utrfed.
Mr. MORRILL demanded the y«aa and nays,
and tellers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. MORRILL. For the information of the
House, I desire the Speaker to say 
[Calls of "Cluestion," "Cluestion."]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot put
an inquiry that will be in the nature of debate.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to know whether
the price of these books will come out of the pock-
ets of members. [Calls to order.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot answer
the question.
Mr. HOLMAN called "for tellers on the passage
of the bill.
Tellers were not ordered.
The question was taken; and there were, on a
division—ayes 76, noes 26.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. A. W. CLARK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, called for the
yeas and nays on the latter motion, and for tellers
on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion to reconsider was laid upon the
table.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
On motion, by unanimous consent, leave of
absence was granted to Mr. Cox for two days to
visit wounded soldiers at Fredericksburg.
On motion of Mr. PENDLETON, by unani-
mous consent, leave of absence was granted in-
definitely to Mr. Lb Blond, on account of sick-
ness in his family.
FUBLIC PRINTING.
Mr. A. W. CLARK, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill relative to the public printing;
which was read a first and second time) and re-
ferred to the Committee on Printing.
PATTY D. BDFORD.
Mr. SMITH, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill granting a pension to Patty D. Ru-
ford, widow of Major General John Buford; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Comm^tee on Invalid Pensions.
RECIPROCITY TREATY.
The SPEAKER stated the business in order
to be the consideration of the bill in regard to the
reciprocity treaty; on which the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Ward] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. STILES. Will the gentleman from New
York yield to me for a motion to adjourn?
Mr. WARD. I will give way for that motion.
Mr. STILES. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to..
And thereupon (at four o'clock, p. m.) the
House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, May 17, 1864.
The Journal ofyesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury, transmitting the second annual report
of the Central Pacific Railroad Company, show-
ing the condition of its affairs on the 1st day of
March, 1864; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Pacific Railroad.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. RAMSEY presented the petition of Mrs.
Sarah ;P. Mather, of the city of New York, pray-
ing for the extension of a patent for a submarine
lamp and telescope; which was referred to the
Committee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, presented a telegraphic
communication from the Governor and other offi-
cers of the Territory of Colorado, praying that
the time for voting on the adoption of the con-
stitution for that Territory on its admission as a
State may be changed to the second Tuesday in
September; which was referred to the Committee
on Territories.
Mr. ANTHONY presented a memorial of W.
B. Lawton and others, engaged in the express
business in the State of Rhode Island, remon-
strating against any change in the manner of tax-
ing express companies; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of men and
women of Cooper, Michigan, praying for the ab-
olition of slavery and for the adoption of meas-
ures for so amending the Constitution as forever
to prohibit its existence in any portion of our
common country; which was referred to the se-
lect committee on slavery and freedmen.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer a petition from the
National Clubs of the city of New York and vi-
cinity, adopted at a general meeting of the clubs,
and signed by their president, Frederick Schiitz,
and their secretary, Charles F. L. Blankmeister.
It appears that these National Clubs, as they are
entitled, are composed of naturalized Germans,
numbering upwards of sixteen hundred. In this
petition, which is very carefully drawn, they rep-
resent that the nation has an inalienable right
to its whole domain, and therefore all the rebel
States havej>een absorbed in one single Territory
of the United Statesof America, inhabited by per-
sons declared to have no more rights than alien
enemies by the decisions of the courts of the Uni-
ted States. They then proceed to declare, first,
that they have looked upon the proclamation of
the President, dated Washington, December 8,
1863, with the greatest apprehension, as failing to
afford any guarantee that the chief element of dis-
cord which produced the lamentable civil war will
be irrevocably removed, and also as striking at
the rights of Congress. In the second place, they
say that they have hailed with joy the passing,
in the House of Representatives, on the 4th of
May, 1864, of the bill prescribing minutely the
mode of constructing States out of the territory
of the rebel States, and vindicating the privileges
of Congress. And thirdly, they say that they
have noticed that in this bill the right of suffrage
is confined exclusively to white persons, thereby
continuing an unjust and dangerous distinction of
races politically. And fourthly, they appeal to
the Senate of the United States to adhere to the
principle adopted in the bill to organize the Ter-
ritory of Montana, and so amend the bill of the
House of Representatives as to strike out the
word " white," affirming thereby that the eternal
principles of right furnish the justest, as well as
the safest, guidance for truly democratic legisla-
tion. As this subject is now before the Commit-
tee on Territories, I move that .the petition be
referred to that committee.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
has received and presents resolutions of a com-
mittee of the Chamber of Commerce of the State
of New York, asking relief from the unequal ac-
tion of the law imposing fifty per cent, additional
duty on imports.
Mr. MORGAN. I have been requested to ask
that that memorial may be read. It is short.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be read,
if there be no objection. The Chair hears none.
The Secretary read the-memorial, as follows:
Memorial of the Chamber of Commerceof the Stateof Wew
York to the honorable the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress as-
sembled.
The Chamber of Commerce of the State of New York
respectfully represents to the honorable the Senate and
House of Representatives of the United States that the de-
cision of the Treasury Department, contained in .1 circular
letter of tfie 5th instant, bears with great hardship upon the
merchants of this city, and doubtless equally so on mer-
chants in other seaports of the country. The following is
an exact copy of the circular referred to;
Treasury Department, Mayo.
In view of the numerous inquiries as to the tune when
the recent enactment increasing dftties on imports went
into operation, the followmg instruction is published for
the government of collecting officers:
" The joint resolution of April '29, enacting the increase,
took effect from its passage, and it has been judicially de-
cided by the Supreme Court of the United States that un-
der the acts increasing duties from and after their passage,
the increase provided for takes effecton tin; day of passage.
The Secretary is constrained, therefore, to hold that the in-
crease required by the joint resolution took effecton the
29th of April, arid that consequently all persons who have
paid duties at former rates on that or any following day,
are liable to pay the additional fifty per cent.
lt AH collectors and all surveyors charged with the col-
lection ef customs will be governed aeroidtnglv."
S. P. CHAPE,
Secretary oj the Treasury.
