1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3275
of the commutation clause, may catch the votes
of the New England men, who want the Army
filled and strengthened, but notby their men. The
States of the North, where capital is concen-
trated, may agree to this bill by which the rebel
States can be subsidized by them; but the west-
ern States, where the money cannot be raised to
Erocure these subsidies from the South, from
.omsmnaand Arkansas, will never consent that
the blood of their free white men shall be mingled
on your battle-fields with that of the negro of the
South, bought with New England money.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] made
a most singular, and I must be permitted to say
a most inconsistent declaration when he asserted
" that the people of his State and of all the loyal
States were far in advance of the Government in
zeal and anxiety to put down the rebellion, and
are for more energetic means for its suppression
than the Administration and Congress are willing
to adopt." I understand him to claim that they
are eager for the fray, consumed by a burning
desire to enter the Army, to see that Army pow-
erful and effective,and therefore he wishes to pass
this bill to force them into the Army, and deny-
ing them the privilege of commuting their service
with money. Sir, are they denied the privilege
of volunteering by existing laws? No, gir; yet
lie argues as though they were. They want, says
he, to enter the Army, have the privilege to do
eo, and are enticed to do so by large bounties,
yet do not do it; and the gentleman to-day pro-
poses to force these willing men into the'Army
with an iron hand. Have this Government and
its supporters got to love the cruel exercise of
power for its own sake, even when no object is to
be secured by it? Has the habit of command
bred a preference for enforced to willing service?
It would seem so. it would seem that, meddened
by the exercise of power as the tiger is by the taste
of blood, they must feed theirappetite for destruc-
tion by the annihilation of all constitutional guar-
antees, all law, all State governments, and all pri-
vate right. May God arrest them in their mad
career!
Mr. SCHENCK. Instead of occupying our
time in trying to amend the bill we are running
into a general debate. I therefore demand the
previous question.
Mr. MALLORY. The bill then will not be
subject to amendment.
Mr. MORRILL. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. 1 desire to makeareport from acommittee
of conference.
Mr. STEVENS. Before the gentleman does
that 1 desire to present an amendment which 1
will offer if the previous question be voted down.
I do not think we shall have a vote on this bill
to-night, and 1 will therefore ask that my amend-
ment be printed.
Mr. MORRILL. I have also an amendment
which 1 design to offer and would like to have
printed.
Mr. ELIOT. I, loo, have an amendment in
reference to which 1 make the same request.
The several amendments were by unanimous
consent ordered to be printed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Has not the
previous question been demanded?
The SPEAKER. It has; but these amend-
ments have been presented on the hypothesis that
the pievious question will not be sustained.
INTERNAL, REVENUE BILL.
Mr. MORRILL. I now present the report of
the committee of conference upon the internal
revenue bill, and I desire to state that after the
report has been read, if any gentleman requires
any explanation of any part of it, I shall bo happy
to answer any question, and then I propose to
call the pievious question.
The Clerk read the report, as follows:
The. committee ot conference on the disagreeing votes of
the iwo [louses on tiie amendments to tile hill (U. II No.
4051 " to niovide iutisni.il icveiiue to support the Govern-
ment to pay interest on the public debt, anil lor other pur-
poses' " haviii" met, after full and free eonlerenee have
ngieed to recommend and do lecominund to UiUi lespect-
lve Ilou-i'b, as follows :
,h(, ienatc recede from then-amendments numbered
1U i'" 53 73, 199, 201, 286 , 295, 301, 340, 374, 376, 377,
%•)' 405 4 9 42',, 429, 430, 401, 472,492, 500.506,512. 519,
53? 5-W 539 5S1 582 611, 613,615, 617,619,635, and 637.
That the House ireede lrom their disagreement to the
imendments of the Senate, numbeted, o, 10, 11, 1o,
..mendments  -on at ■ «v
MSK#
347, 364, 365, 356, 397, 368, 339, 370, 371,372,373,389,390,
391, 392, 397, 399, 41)0, 401, 40:2, 403, 404,407,408,410,412,
415, 416, 4J8, 430, 401, 422, 423, 424,425,431,432,435,444,
445, 446, 447, 448, 449,45u, 451.452, 452£, 454,456,457,458,
459, 460, 462, 467$, 468,469, 470. 473, 473*. 474, 493. 496,
499, 507, 508, 509, 525, 528,527,528, 541, 564, 57) ,573, 574,
575, 591, 597, 598, 603, 604, 605, 607, 608, 609,612,614,616,
618,620, 624, G25, 627, 628, 629, 631, and 634.
They recommend thai the Senate recede from their dis-
agreement to the amendment of the House to their third
amendment and agree to the same with amendments, as
follows: strike out the words inserted by said Senate
amendment and insert in lieu thereof the word "and;"
and the House agree to the same.
They recommend that the Senate recede from their dis-
agreement to the amendment or the House to their eighth
amendment, am! agree to tiie same with the following
amendment: strike out all of said amendment of the
House, and insert in lieu thereof tiie following: "Thar
the cashier of internal duties, who shall hereafter be called
cashier of interna! revenue, and whose annual salary shall
be $2,500, shall perform such duties as may be assigned to
his ofticeby the Commissioner of Internal Revenue under the
regulations of tiie Secretary of the Tieasurv, and shall give
a bond with sufficient sureties, to be approved by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury and by the Solicitor, that he will
faithfully account tor all the moneys or other articles of 1
value belonging to the United States which may come into
his bauds, and"perfoimUllthe duties enjoined upon his of-
fice according to law and regulations, as aforesaid; which
bond shall be deposited with the First Comptroller of the
Treasury;" and the House agree to the same.
Tliey recommend that the Senate recede from their dis-
agreement to tiie amendment of til? House to their thirty-
eighth amendment, and agiee to the same.
They recommend that the Senate recede from their dis-
agreement to the amendment of the House to their fifty-
eighth amendment, and agree to the same.
They recommend that the Senate recede from their dis-
agieement to the amendment of the House "to their sixty-
seventh amendment, and ngtee to the same.
They recommend that the Senate lecde from their dis-
agreement to the amendment of the House to their one
bundled and fifth amendment, and agree to the tame.
They recommend that the Senate recede from theii dis-
agreement to the amendment of the House to their one
hundred and seventeenth amendment, and agree to the
same.
They lccommend that the Senate reccdc from then dis-
agreement to the amendment of the House to their one
hundred and twenty-second amendment, and agree to the
same.
They recommend that the Senate recede from their dis-
agreement to the amendment of the House to the one hun-
dred and sixty-third amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the snimc.
They recommend that the Senate recede fiom their dis-
agieement to tin; amendment of the House to their one
hundred and ninety-second amendment, and agree to ifcc
snmo.
That the Senate recede from their disagreement to the
amendmcntof the Ilou-e to their six hundred and twenty-
sixth amendment, and agiee to the same with the follow-
ing amendment: befotc theirsaid six Inured and twenty-
sixth amendment insert I he following:
And provided further. That whenever the duty impo-"d
by any existing law «hal I cease m consequence ol any limit-
ation theiem contained, befote tiie respective provisions
of this act shall take effect, the same dut> shall be, and is
hereby, continued until such provisions of this act shall
take effect. And when any act is hereby repealed, no duty
imposed thereby shall be held to cease m consequence of
Mich repeal until tiie respective coirespoiidmg ptovisions
ot this act shall take effect* And provided fmtker, That
all manufacture* and pioductionson which a duty was im-
posed by eithcrof the acts repealed by this act, which shall
be in the possesion of the manufactmei or pioducer, or of
his agent or agents, on the day when tins act takes effect,
tiie duty imposed by any such foimer act not having been
paid, shall be held and deemed to have been manufactured
or produced after paid date; and whenever by the terms of
i this acta duty is imposed upon any aitieles, goods, wares,
1 or meichandise, manufactured oi ptodueed, upon which
no duty was imposed by eithei ot said lonnrr aeN, it shall
apply to such as weie manufactured or piodueed and not
removed from the place ol nufiufactuieorpioducaon ptior
to the day when this aet takes eflect.
They recommend that the House reeedn from their di«-
agreenient to the touiih amendment of the Senate, and
agree to the game with tiie following: inseit in lieu of the
wouls stricken out by said Senate amendment the words :
Sec. 2. And he it. further enacted, That it shall be the
duty of the Commissioner of Internal Revenue to pay over
dailv to the Tieasiirer of the United States all public mon-
eys which may come into his possession, for which the
Treasurer shall give properreceipts ami keep a faithful ac-
count; arid at the cud of each month the said Commis-
sioner shall reudei tiao and faithful accounts of all public
moneys received oi paid out, or paid to the Treasuier of
the United States, exhibiting propel vouchers therefor, and
the same shall be lecuved and examined by the Filth
Auditor of the Treasury, who shall thereafter ceiuty the
h lianee ifanv, and tiansmit the accounts, with tiie voueh-
eis and certificate, to the First Comptroller tor his decision
thereon ; and the said Commissioner, when such Accounts
are settled as herein piovided toi, shall transmit -1 copy
thereof lo the Secretaiy of the Ticasuiy. He shall at all
times submit to the Secretaiy of the Treasury and the
Comptroller, or either of them, the inspection of moneys in
his hands, and shall, prior to the eineiing upon the dunes
of his office, execute u bond, with sufficient suieties, to be
approved by tiie Seeri'taty of the Treasury and by the I'ir.-t
Comptioiler, m a sum of not less than $100,000, payable to
the United States, conditioned that said Commissioner
shall faithfully perform the duties of his office according
to law, and shall justly and f.mhiuliy account foi and pay
over to the United States, in obedience to law and in com-
pliance with the order or icgulations of tiie Secrotaiy of
the Treasury, all public moneys Which may come Into his
hands or possession, and for the safe-keeping and faithful
account of all stumps, adhesive stamps, oi veJIum, parch-
ment. or paper bearing a stamp denoting any duty thereon ;
which bond shall be filed in the office of the First Comp-
troller of the Treasury. And such Commissioner shall,
ftf>m tune to time, renew, strengthen, and increase his
official bond as the Secretary of the Treasury may direct.
They recommend that the House recede from their dis-
agreement to the ninth amendment of the Senate nud agree
to the same with the following amendment: add at the
end of said Senate amendment the words," and the Pres-
ident is hereby authorized to alter the respective collec-
tion districts provided for in said section as tiie public
interest may require."
They recommend that the House recede from their dis-
agieement to the thirteenth amendment of thc#Senate and
agree to the same with the following amendment: insert
in lieu of the words stricken out the words " who shall be
a resident of the district of said assessor."
They recommend that the House recede from their dis-
agreement to the fiftv-seventb and a half amendment of the
Senate, and agree to the same with an amendment as fol-
lows : after th« word " Government" in said Senate amend-
ment strike out the words " of the United States."
They recommend that the House recede from their dis-
agi cement to the sixtieth amendment of the Senate and
agreed the same with the following amendments : in line
twelve of said Senate amendment stuke out "two" and
insert "onein the fifteenth line of said Senate amend-
ment strike out "two" and insert "one;" and in the
seventeenth line of said Senate amendment strike out
"fourth" and inseit " fifth."
'They recommend that the House lecede from their dis-
agieemerit to the sixty-first and a half amendment of the
Senate, and agree to the same «vith art amendment, as fol-
lows : transpose said Seriate amendment to come in at the
end of the woids " per annum," in the thirtieth fine, on
page 25 of the bili; and the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from theii disagreement to the
sixty-second amendment of the Senate, ?nd agree to the
same with the following amendment: in line forty-five,
page 26, stiike out the last letter in "affidavits," strike out
the words " of his" and the letter "s" in" clerks ;"iu line
forty-eight, same page, stiike out the letter " n"iu " nor;"
in line torty-mne strike out " n" in " nor," and after " in"
inseit "any;" in line fifty, same page, stuke out "n"m
fck nor."
They recommend that the House lecede from their dis-
agi cement to the seventy-filth amendment of the Senate,
and agree to the same with an amendment, as follows:
Stiike" out lrom the word " and" wheie it occurs the sec-
ond time m line seven down to the word "one" wheie it
occurs the second time m line eight, inclusive, and the
Senate agree lo the same.
They leeommend that the House recede fiom then di%
agreement lo tiie severity-ninth amendment, of the Senate
Willi tiie following amendments: stuke out all fiom the
woid "except" in the twenty-tilth line, page 30, down to
the word " act" in the twenty-seventh line, page 31, inclu-
sive ; and after the woid " for," in the twenty-ninth line,
page 31, inseit "lent, stationeiv, blank-books, and post-
age, and pay of." , .
They recommend that the House leccoc from their dis-
acicement to the eighty-second ameudmentof the Senate,
and a ree to the -amo with the tollowing amendments:
after "the woid " veai," in the eighth line, page 31, insert
"in conscqucncc ot a new appoitionment;" strike out,
in line eleven, page 32, the wouls "f>o as to allow to each
his just piopottion thereof;" after the woid "to," in the
twelfth line, same page, insert "theand after the word
" collected," m the same line, insert the words " by them."
They recommend that the llou>e recede fiom their dis-
ablement to the one hundred and second and a half amend-
ment of the Senate, and agiee to the same with the tollow-
in" amendment: insert in hen of the letter stiicken out the
words " in tuli;" and alicrihe woid " depattment" in the
fourteenth line, page 44, inseit the following: "on the 1st
day ot J anuary and J uly, and at such other times as;" sti iko
out the woids "as often as he," in the fourteenth line,
page -14; and strike out the word "and" wheie it first oc-
cuTs m line fifteen, page 4d. .
They recommend that tiie House recede from tlieir dis-
a*i cement to the one bundled and timd ameudmentof the
Senate so tai a* it proposes to stuke out woids, and agiee
to tiie same, striking out tiie words inserted hy the Senate,
and the Senate agree thereto. _
Tney recommend that tiie IIou'C recede fiom their dis-
agreement to the one bundled and forty-fourth amendment
oT the Senate, ami agiee to the same with the following
amendment: add after the word "taxes" in said Senate
amendment the woids is dude? and licenses."
They iccommend that the Ilou-e r< cede fiom their dis-
agreement to the one bundled and fifty-fourth amendment
oi tiie Senate, and ngieo to the same with the following
amendment: after tiie word " all" in said senate amend-
ment inseit <l eases arising under the."
That the House lecede Horn their disagreement to the
one bundled and sixty-fourth ameudmentof the Senate,
and agiee to the same with an amendment, as lollops:
strike out " October"' and mseu "Tebiuaiy."
That the House recede fiom their disagreement to the
one bundled and sixty-fi'th amendment of the Senate, and
a"iee to the same with amendments,as follows • strikeout
"°4" and insert "5," and after " dollar," m the eighth line
of section fifty-four, in-eit *' and 50 cents."
That the House iccede fiom their disagi cement to the one
bundled and sixty-sixth anvmlment of the Senate, and
atree to the same with the following amendments: before
""on," in the ninth line, page 64. insert " and," and stniic
out " October*1 and inseit "Fobiuaiy." xtu„AIl„
That the House lecede fiom then disagreement to the one
hundred and sixty-seventh amendment of the senate, ana
a<M(*e to the same with the following amendment . stti vt
out all of said amendment and in hcu theieof nw-rir .-v
and aftei the woid " of," m line twelve, page 0t, sti ji^out
aii down to the word " cents," m the same hue, inclusive,
and insert in lieu thereof «$2. 
