1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1823
deserted by them, should be deemed captures of
war and should be "forever tree. By Uus sweeping
act the Tiini.y-SevehtL Congicss decrt-ed that free-
dom should follow the advancing flag of the Ro-
pubbc wherever our armies should match m the
rebel States.
Ti >e President was authorized by the Thirty-
Seventh Congress to receive into the military ser-
vice of the United States the slaves of rebel mas-
ters, and tlie slaves so accepted for military
purposes, their mothers, their wives, and their
children if held in servitude by rebel masters were
made lrte fore vet. This series of acts of the
Thii ty-Sf-venth Congress" loosing,"in the woids
of John C. Hrcekinridgc, "all bonds,'3 though
resisted, misrepresented, and maligned will be
sanctioned by the approval of the present and of
coming ages, by that patriotism that embraces
the peimanent and lasting interests of United
America, by that humanity that cares for the poor
and lowly, by that religion that recognizes in the
humblest of the children of men a being made in
the image of God for whom Christ mounted the
cioss. The act giving a gratuity of §1,000,000
to the loyal slave-masters of the Dssmu of Co-
lumbia, and the vote pledging the nation to aid
emancipation in the ioyal States, will stnnd for-
ever as evidences of the moderation, the justice,
and the self-sacnficing spirit of tin statesmen who
carried through Congress this series of humane,
Christian, and patriotic measures.
Sir, on the 2'2d of September, 18G3, the Pres-
ident of the United States ealkd the attention of
all persons engaged in the mil.tary and tuual-ser-
vice to these humane, wise, and comprehensive
piovi.sions of the hws of Congress, and lie '• on-
joined and ordered" 'hem to li ob.sene, obey,and
enforce thorn," and those tith>de -ds to fiewh-m
were theivafttr to b<> enforced in the imd of ihe
lybeihon by the flittering bayonets of a million
men.
Cut the President of the United States, on the
22d of September, lcG3, startled ami thrilled the
nations by that immoital proelamalion tint an
nouaeed 'Mhaion the 1st day of Janiury,in the
year of our Lord Itili'J, aii peisons held as slaves
within any Stat'.', or in any designated part of a
State, the people whereof shall be in rebellion
against the United State?, shall be the n, thencefor-
ward, and forever free; and the Executive Govern-
ment of the United States, including the militaiy
and naval authority thereof, will lecognize and
maintain the freedom of such persons, and wall
do no act or acts to repress such persons, orany of
the m, in any efforts they may make tor their actual
freedom." On the 1st day of January, 1863, the
Presidentof the Uniiod States,4f invoking the con-
siderate judgment of mankind and the gracious
favor of Ahi.i;. hi y Godredecrmd this solemn
pledge of tin- of pVmber, s.lueh'i.t record-
ing angel had ie<; -aored. Go it at d ?y tie- ti>*o-
versib'e decree \\ a^ sent h>i th to ma* a r ami sdav1,
to earth and heaven. ]>y thi^ ox-'ici^e or the war
powers of the Government a'! [.ciron* held as
slaves i:i any State or part tioreof-n i\helh< n
were declare'! to be<{ then. f hence toi waul, en a for-
ever fret1," a fid tne Executive,! lie mihtai y and na-
val authorities were pledged to lecogmzs and main-
tain the fiecdom of Mich persons. This, complete,
absolute, and final decree of emancipation m rebel
States, born of military necessity, pioekum< d by
the Commander-in-Chief of ihe An.iy and Nai y,
is the settled and irrepealable law of the Republic,
to be observed, obeyed, and enforced, by Army
aid Navy, and by the inever&ibie voice of the
nation.
The enforcement of this proclamation v/dl give
peace and onh-r. freedom and unuy, to a now dis-
tracted count: y; the failure to ei.foree uv.n bring
with it discord mid anaschy, a d>;:s< ver d Union
and a broken nation. The issuer aic cieaiJyand
J'simctl vdiawn by this proclamation betv.vtm law
and oid"rand freedom and aunited nation on ate
one hand, and anarchy a.od discord end shivery
and a shi\e! ed and dishonored Union on ihe other.
Fieedoro, humanity, ana religion, the unoinng
voice of patriotism, ptonounces a!! attempts to de-
feat the enforcement of ihis proclamation decree-
ing the freedom or oil slaves in lehul Suites as
unpatriotic, as criminal, ay? as tK-a.vnab'e, to",
as weie tht. etli iM defeet the fm.d e-mibiish-'
ment of the Declaration oi the 4th w July, 177(1.
The men who sought to defeat the eonMumnacion
of that " proclamation of the universal emuncipa-
; tion of man from ihethralldom of man" sank into
| obscure and dishonoied graves under the blasting
I and withciing tin s of outraged patriotism. The
; fires of patriotism bum as brightly now as in
| earlier days, and the men u who," in the words
of a gallant soldier, " emerge from their gloom as
the shadows fall upon their country," the men
who prate of the constitutional rights of slavery,
treason, and crime, should remember the fate of
tine "skulking neutrals" and the sticklers for
44 rightful authoiity" in 1776cre joining in giving
aid and comfort to'the traitor chiefs. Patriotism
instinctively indorses this proclamation of eman-
cipation ; tieason m every fiber of iis being sti tves
with bloody hands to throttle it. In the fiery and
bloody strugghjs through which this proclamation
has passed, struggles that have stirred this nation
to its piofoundest dt-pths, patriotism will mark and
brand the men who care more for the safety of the
slaves <>f rebel masters than for the blood of brave
men lighting the battles of the endangered coun-
try, more for the perpetuity of slavery in rebel-
borrthan for the unity and the perpetuity of the
Republic.
Sir, eighteen e\ entful months have passed since
the polh y of emancipation in the rebel States'was
announced to the doubting nations. Met on its
announcement by the vehement resistance of
mighty interests, assailed by passion and preju-
dice, misunderstood by tmnuity and ignorance,
that transcendent messuie, sanctioned alike by
liberty, humanity, and patriotism, has fought its
way u!l it has -woo for our country doubting
friends, conqueied the country's enemies m the
Old Woild, and laid low the vaunted power of its
assuiamts in theNtw. it has lifted up the bloody
civiI war m Ameuca from what European states-
men were wont to characterize as " a mere strug-
gle for power on the one hand, and independence
on the other," to a holy war for liberty, human-
ity, and civilization against the rebel slavemon-
gers, fighting to perpetuate in Christian America
a vulgar, brutid, pnd loathsome barbarism. Tins
proclamation of emancipation, sent forth by the
President m the namu of the menaced nation, by
elevating the snuggle m v.inch we are engaged,
is fast winning foi our counfry the active sym-
pathies of humanity the wide woild over.
Smee emancipation m the rebel States was pro-
claimed as the seif led policy of the R' public, the
huge, horrid, and ghastly system of human sla-
very in republican and Christian America, that
in the nnde and artogance of its power mocked
and jeered at the claims of toiling millions, scoffed
at and derided the higher lav/, and defied the au-
thority of the country, is hastening to its inglo-
rious end, to the grave of dishonor that knows
no r< smrection. Its worshipers, who weie swift
to come to us support before they were called,
and to run on its errands before they were sent,
are blinking aw? y from it m this its hour of hitter
hnnh'iauon, or hartaiiing to announce, m accents
of ungnish. th it the idol of their worship is dt-
thioned, hilien, dead fore-5.errnore.
Sir, si.m ry in the loyal States is hastening to
lis fail. Delaware sends to the House of Repre-
sentatives an immediate emancipationist as the
exponent of her sentiments and opinions tint ere
long v< ill be embodied ir. adecu-e of iiberty. Mary-
land has summoned a convention to smite thofet-
teis from tne limbs of her bor.dmen, and to place
ner in the- list of free Commonwealths. West Vir-
ginia, carved out of the ancient dominion, begins
iier career by a deed of gradual emancipation.
Missouri proclaims a system of gradual emanci-
pMior, which hrr interests and advancing public
.sentiment alike demand shall be transformed into
i system of )mmedia:e and unconditional aboli-
tion. Kentucky alone, among the loyal States,
b.'urs the banneus of shivery proudly and defi-
antly Spiucd by the tender mercy of the Pres-
ident of th'i United Suues, slave!y there \aunt-
iJ,g!y proclaims its power, and assumes to control
tlie UesLinies of that Commonwealth. But the m-
exoiiible loi>ic of events, the advancingsentiments
of her peopp--, the otforts of many of her noblest
sons, will lesoue " the dark and iSloody ground"
ftum the domination of slavemasters,and th>- op-
probrium of continuing to be what she now is, the
s.ave-oen of loyal America, into whicn slave-
nio'.of s;r4n slusesfiom tiieStat's where slavery
m piiishme;, nnd where men im.de free by the
President's proclamation in rebel States are often
! arrested and imp isrmed in shameless defiance of
Federal authority. Tennessee, excepted by-the
President in his proclamation of emancipation, is,
under the lead of Andrew Johnson, ripening for •
immediate and unconditional emancipation. Ar-
kansas accepts the proclamation -and prohibit#
slavery forever in her organic law. Louisiana
elects a State administration pledged by her Gov-
ernor in his inaugural address to (he u universal
and immediate extinction of slavery as a public
and private blessing," to base the regenerated"
State on a devotion to the Union, on a love of
iiberty to all men, and on a spirit of justice and1
humanity "—to put her constitution i'n^krmony
with the proclamation of freedom. The govern-
ment of Virginia recognized by the Congress of
the United States, by an amendment to her or-
ganic law decrees immediate emancipation, and
Federal bayonets will enforce that decree in that
ancient Common wealth,where repose the ashes of
Washington and Henry, Jefferson and Madison,
Mason and Marshall, and other champions of
emancipation in her better days. Congress, not
by the consent of the loyal States orloyal masters,
but by the will and power of the nation, makes
free at once and forever every slave who enlists
into the military servrce. The Attorney General
pronounces the black man, who was said to have
no rights that white men were bound to respect,
a citizen of the United States. The Secretary of
State gives the black man the passport of citizen-
ship, which m every quarter of the globe is evi-
dence that the bearer is a citizen of the North
American Republic. The Secretary of War com-
missions a black man to be a surgeon in the mil-
itary service of the United States, and the Presi-
dent organizes a hundred and twenty regiments,
of eighty thousand black men, who are bearing
upon their flashing bayonets the unity of the Re-
public, and the destinies of their race.
Sir, slavery in America, though upheld by-in-
terests, customs, and usages, trenched about by
inhuman statutes, and hedged around by passion-
ate, vehement, and unreasoning prejudices, is fast
crumbling to atoms beneath the blowsrained upon
it by a liberty-loving and patriotic people. But
let anti-slavery men.listen to no truce, to no com-
piomise,to no cry for mercy. Let them now be
as inflexible as justice, as inexorable as destiny.
Whenever and wherever a blow can be dealt at
the vitals of ihe retreating fiend, let that blow be
sti uck in the name of the bleeding nation, and of
the "dumb, toiling millions bound and sold." A
truce wuh slavery is a defeat for the nation. A
compromise with slavery is a present of disaster
and dishonor and a future of anarchy and blood.
Merry to slavery is a crime against liberty. The
death of slavery is the annihilation of the rebel-
lion , the unity of the Republic, the life of the na-
tion, the harmonious development of republican
institutions, the repose, culture, and renown of
the people.
Though riven and shattered by the storms of
the stupendous civil war it inaugurated, slavery
still battles for existence with the reckless auda-
city of that desperation which sees with clear
vision its impending doom. Though waning in
power, slavery still letains in its grasp vast masses
of men in the loyal States, ready to do its bid-
dingjand presents in its defense a rampart of three
hundred thousand gleaming bayonets. Those
masses must be won over to the gathering hosts
of freedom, or utterly routed,and that ram part of
ghtieiing steel must go down before the advan-
cing legions of the Republic, ere slavery sinks into
the grave that knows no resurrection.
Sir, let not the anti-slavery men of this age for-
get that the founders of the Republic believed
slavery would whhorand die beneath theblended
rays of the Chi: >!lan and democratic institutions
th .y founded. L.-t them not forget that slavery
was then a, ttvivheant, pleading for forbearance
and mercy, for a little t;me to itself from the
gaze of that humanity it outraged and dishonored.
Let them icmem her how it eluded and deceived our
fathers, and from a feeble mendicant became the
master of the Governm :nt and the people, until it
consummated Us crimes by the inauguration of the
revolution to blot the North American Republic
from 'he imister-ioli of nations. Letthtm remem-
ber that masses of our countrymen have been, and
still a re, its plian t instruments,© vers wift to execute
its decrees; at its biddings tra mple u pon the sacred
right of petition; to arraign Jonn Ciuincy Adams
before the bar of the representatives of the people;
