2300
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOEB.
May 17,
of the House of Rfepresentatitees had signed the
-following enrolled bills-and joint resolutions:
.A joint resolution (S. IJo. 21) .to provide fp^r
■the printing of official reporfcsrof.the:oper.aiions.of
the Army of the United States
A joint resolution (S. No. 37) for the payment
of expenses incurred by,th«ijoint co.mmittee on
the conduct of the war; , .
A hill (S. No.. 139) for the relief of Margaret
M. Stafford, widow of Reuben Stafford, of Co-
shocton county, Ohio; and
A bill (S.'<No'. 197) for the relief of Charles!,.
Nelson. ; "
HOUSE BILL KEtfEKRED.
The-biH from the'House of Representatives
(No. 421) to pay, in part* for publishing the de-
butes of Congress, and for other purposes, was
■read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing-.
ADDITIONAL ILLINOIS CONGRESSMAN.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 178) providing
for the election of a member of Congress for the
State of Illinois by the State at large was.read
twice by its* title.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That resolution is very
shoit, and if the Senate will allow it to be read'I
think there will be no objection to passing it at
"once.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Illinois asks the unanimous consent of the
Senate to consider the joint resolution now.
Mr. HENDRICKS, Before that.consent is
given 1 should 'like to hear the resolution read.
ThePRESIDENT pre tempore. It will be read
at large for information.
The Secretary read the resolution, which pro-
vides that in the election of Representatives to
Congress from the State of Illinois theadditional
Representative allowed to that State by $'n act
fixing the number of the House of Representa-
tives from and after the 3d day of March, 1863,
appioved March 4, 18G2, may be elected by th«
State at large until the State shall be districted by
the Legislature thereof for the election of the four-
teen members to winch the State is now .entitled
by law. •
There being no objection, the Senate, as in Com-
mrttce of the Whole, proceeded to consider'tiie
joint resolution.
Mr. TRUMBUJLL. I can explain in a mo-
ment, as the Senate does not seem to recollect,
the occasion for this resolution. Under the law
as it stood Mat.tbe time the apportionment was
made, the State of Illinois was entitled to thirteen
members of Congress. Her Legislature was
tlion in session and districted the State for thir-
teen .members. Subsequently, the Legislature
adjourned loavingthese districts for thirteen mem-
bers. • Congress, however, afterwards altered the
ratio .of apportionment so as to,apportion to tlie
State of Illinois fourteen members,. The Sena-
tor from Vermont [.Mr. Collamer] understands
all about it. That gave us another member, but
ourState had already been districted for thirteen,
and the State has-not been redistricted sincc. We
passed-alaw two 'years ago.alIo wing the fourteenth
member to be elected by the £>tate at large. We
have one such member in the House of Repre-
sentatives now, [Mr. JT.C.Allen;] and this res-
olution proposes to continue that law until the
State redifctncfs for the fourteenth member.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wrll ask the Senator,
was that law limited to one election?
Mr. TRUMBULL. .It was limited to one
election; and that is the reason why this joint
resolution is necessary.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I did not so understand.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to a third reading,
read tlae thud urne, and passed.
'GkEJJN'CLAY (SQODI/OE.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 77) relating to
Grpen Clay Goodloe was read twice by its title.
Mr. POWELL. I a&k that that resolution be
put on its passage now.
There being noobjeetion, the Senateias in Com-
mittee of tlie Whole, proceeded to consider the
joint resolution. It provides that nothing in the
act entitled "An act making appropriations for the
support of the Military Academy for the year
ending .Tunc SO, 1865," approved April 1, 1864,
pImII be so construed as to prevent the reappoint-
ment o£ Green Clay' Goodloe by the Presidentof
tlie United States to a cadetship at the Military
Academy.
Mr. POWELL. .This young man, I under-
stand, was appointed by the President to the
West Point Academy from one of the seceding
States. Previous to his appointment he had
been in the Army for two .years. He went into
the Army when he was about sixteen years old.
His examination at the Aeademy after beingthere
six months was not very good, and, under the
advice of the professors, he resigned. The board
of visitors, I understand, recommend' his ap-
pointment; but in consequence of a provision in
the Military Academy bill passed this year the
-President cannot reappoint him. The object of
this resolution is to enable him to be reappointed
to the Academy. He is said to be avery^vorthy
young gentleman, and this is the only case of the
kind. All the others in his condition, I under-
stand, werereappointed before the passage of that
law. The Senator from Indiana knows the'facts
more particularly than I do, and he can state
them to the Senate. 1 hope the resolution will
be passed.   ■
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I have no doubt that
this resolution oughtto pass. Green Clay Good-
loe is nowinhis eighteenth year. He volunteered
as a private early in the war, and served two years
faithfully and gallantly. In September last Ire
was appointed a cadet to West Point; buthaving
been in the Army so long at his age he could not
stand'a very good examination the first year in
-one of his studies. He was behind only in one
study. He was allowed to resign,and the board
unanimously recommended him for reappoint-
ment. If it had been then done there would have
been no difficulty; but he supposed that on the
recommendation of the board he would be imme-
diately reinstated without any effort on his part.
Hence there was a delay of a few weeks, and
until after the law passed April 1, 1864, which
prohibited the President from making.any ap-
pointments from the districts in the seceded States,
he having been appointed fiom the second district
of Mississippi.
There were two or three other young men at
West Point m precisely the same condition with
him. They were advised to resign as Goodloe
was, and did resign,and were reappointed before
the 1st day of April; Goodloe's case is the only
exception. The resolution .simply allows the
President to reappoint him according to the unan-
imous, recommendation of the academic board.
He cannot do it under the law now, be-cause we
passed a law saying that he shall not appoint for
vacancies in these seceded States. Goodloe was
appointed from one of those States, and this reso-
lution simply authorizes the President to reap-
point him from the district from which he was
originally appointed.
Mr. FOOT. In what branch of study did he
'fail?
Mr. LAc^E,, of Indiana. That is not stated.
The excuse given is that he went into the Army
at sixteen, and was eighteen years old at the first
examination,thesix months examination. The
board unanimously recommended his reappoint-
ment.
The resolution, was repoi ted to the Senate with-
out amendment, ordeted to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
I>, FITZGERALD AND J. BALL.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The House
of Representatives have returned the bill (S. No.
244) for the relief of Daniel Fitzgerald and Jona-
than Ball, for which a message was sent by the
Senate.
Mr. CHANDLER,. I mov^d the reconsider-
ation of that bill. It was requested to be returned
for that purpose.
The PRESIDENT -pro tempore. The Senator
from Michigan '-yesteiday moved a reconsidera-
tion of the vote by which the bill was passed by
the Senate, and the question will be, " Will the
Senate reconsider its vote passing the bill?"
Mr. CHANDLER. I will withdraw the re-
quest for its present consideration.
The PRESIDENT^*-*? tempore. It-will lie over
for the present.
Mr. COLLAMER. Asl understand, the time
forreconsideration will run outsoon,and that bill,
if it is dc&trcd '.o he reconsidered, should be re-
considered flow, awl then it may lie for action
afterwards.
The PRESrDjE'NT pro tempore. The motion
to reconsider is entered, which retains the bill, in
•the opinion of the Chafr.
Mr. COLLAMER. I understood theSehator
to withdraw it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Qhair
understands that theSenator from Michigan does
not desire present action upon his motion, but the
motion stands.
MARIPOSA BIG TREE GROVE.
Mr. CONNESS. I now move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill No.
203, reported by the Senator from Vermont [Mr.
Foot] this morning from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill (S. No. 2Q3) authorizing a-grant to theState
of California of the " Yosemite valley" and of the
land embracing the " Mariposa BigTree Grove."
The first section of the bill provides that there
shall be granted to the State of California the
"cleft" or "gorge" in the Granite peak of the
Sierra Nevada mountains, situated in the county
of Mariposa and the headwateis ,of the Merced
river, and known -as the Yosemite valley,.with
its branches or spuria in estimated length fifteen
miles, and in average width one' mile back from
the main edge of the precipice on each side of the
•valley, with the-stipulatiofi, nevertheless, that the
State is to accept thisgrant upon the express con-
ditions that the premises are tobje held for public
use,, resort, and recreation, and are to be inalien-
able for all time; but leases, not exceeding ten
yeahs, may be granted for portions of the prem-
ises. All incomes derived from leases of privi-
leges a;re to be expended in the preservation and
improvement of the property, or the roads lead-
ing thereto; the boundaries to be established at
the cost of the State by the United States surveyor
general of California, whose official plat, when
affirmed by the Commissioner of the General
Land Office, is to constitute the evidence of the
locusf extent, and limits of the cleft pr gorge.
The pi emises are to be managed by the Governor
of the State, with eight other commissioners, to
be appointed by the Executive of California, and
who are to receive no compensation for their ser-
vices.
The second section provides that there shall
likewise be.granted to the State of .California the
tracts embracing .what is known as the " Mari-
posa BigTree Grove," not to exceed the area of
four sections, and to be taken in legal subdivis-
ions of one quarter section each, with tht> hke
stipulation as expressed in the first section of this
act as to the State's acceptance, with like condi-
tions as to inalienability, yet with the same lease
.privilege; the income to be expended in the pres-
ervation, improvement, and protection of the
property; the premises to be managed by com-
missioners, as stipulated jn the first section, and
to be taken in legal subdivisions, and the official
plat of the United States surveyor general, when
•affirrhed by the Commissioner of the General
Land Office, to be the evidence of the locus of the
" Mariposa Big Tree Grove."
Mr. CONN&SS. I-will state to theSenate that
this bill proposes to frfake a grant of certain pre'm-
i ises located in the Sierra Nevada mountains, in
! the State of California, that are for all public pur-
poses worthless, but which constitute, perhaps,
I some of the greatest wonders of the world. The
I object and purpose is to make a grant to the State,
i on the stipulations contained in the bill, that the
( property shall be inalienable ibrever, and pre-
served and improved as a place of public resort, to
be taken charge of by gentlemen to be appointed
by the Governor, who are to receive no compensa-
tion for their services, and who are to undertake
the management and improvement of .the prop-
erty by making roads leading thereto and adopt-
ing such other means as maybe neces&ary for its
preservation and improvement. It-includes a
grant of a few sections of ground upon which one
of the celebrated big tree groves of that State is
located, of which most Senators doubtless have
heard. The trees contained in thatgrove have no
parallel, perhaps, in the,world. They are sub-
ject now to damage and injury; and this bill, as
I I have before stated, proposes to commit them to
