1884.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GBQBli
mi:.
the care of the authorities of that State for their
constant preservation, that they may be exposed
to public view-, and that they may be used and
preserved for the benefitof mankind. It is a mat-
ter involving no appropriation whatever. The
property is of no value to the Government. 1
make this explanation that the Senate may un-
derstand what the purpose is.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. FOSTER. I should like to ask the Sen-
ator from California whether the State of Cali-
fornia 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
must interrupt the Senator to call up the special
order of the day, the time fixed- for its considers*
tion having arrived.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope it will lie over for the
present.
Mr. WILSON. Let it go over informally for
a few minutes.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That course
will be taken, if there be no objection.
Mr. FOSTER. I should like to ask the Sen-
ator from California whether the State of Cali-
fornia has intimated any wish that we should thus
make'this grant to them, and how itcomes about
that we propose making it.
Mr. CONNESS. I will state to the Senator
from Connecticut and to the Senate, that they may
understand it, that the application comes to us
from various gentlemen in California, gentlemen
of fortune, of taste, and of refinement, and the
plan proposed in this bill has been suggested by
them, that this property be committed to the care
of the State. 1 submitted the plan as presented
by these gentlemen to the Land Office, and the
bill now before the Senate has been prepared by
the Commissioner of the General Land Office,who
also takes a great interest in the preservation both
of the Ydsemite valley and the Big Tree Grove.
Such was the origin of the measure, and such are
its purposes.
Mr. FOSTER. I did not by any means mean
to intimate any opposition to the bill; butitstruck
me as being rather a singular grant, unprece-
dented so far as my recollection goes, and unless
the State through herappropriate authorities sig-
nified some wish in the matter; it might be deemed
by the State officious on ourpaitto make a grant
of this kind.
Mr. CONNESS. Ordinarily I should hope I
spoke for the State of California here. L feel au-
thorized to do so under existing circumstances.
There is no parallel, and can be no parallel for
this measure, for there is not, as I stated before, on
earth just such a condition of things. The Mari-
posa Big Tree Grove is really the wonder of the
world, conlainingthose magnificent monarchsof
the forest that are from thirty to forty feet in
diameter.
Mr. DAVIS. How old?
Mr. CONNESS. Well, sir, they are estimated
to reach an age of three thousand years. There
are two such groves in the State. One is known
as the Mariposa grove, the one contemplated in
this bill; and the other is known as the Calaveras
grove. From the Calaveras grove some sections
of a fallen tree were cut during and pending the
great World's Fair that was held in London some
years since. One joint of the tree was section-
ized and transpoited to that country in sections,
and then set up there. The English who saw it
declared it to be a Yankee invention, made from
beginning to end; that it was an utter untruth
that such trees grew in the country; that it could
not be; and, although the section of the tree was
transported there at an expense of several thou-
sand dollars, we were not able to convince them
that it was a specimen of American growth.
They would not believe us. The purpose of this
bill is to preserve one of these groves from dev-
astation and injury. The necessity of taking
early possession and caro of these great wonders
can easily be seen and understood.
Mr. FOSTER. I certainly did not mean to say
anything which implied that the honorable Sena-
tor from California had not the most perfect and
entire right to speak for his State, and I am at a
loss to understand what 1 was so unfortunate as
to say which led him to suppose that I doubted it.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was read the third time,and passed.
PAY OP 'COLORED TROOPS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senate
will now resume the consideration' of the unfin-
ished business of yesterday; being the amendment
of the House of Representatives to the bill (S.
No. 145) to equalize the pay of soldiers in the
United States-Army, the pending question being1
upon the amendment of the Senator from Iowa
[Mr. Grimes] to the ninth section of the amend-
ment of the Committee on Military Affairs to the?
Houseampndment. The Senator from Iowa pro-
posed to strike out the word "colonel" and in-
sert" major," so as to give the Assistant Judge
Advocate General the rank, pay, and emoluments
of a major of cavalry.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 24, nays 12; as follows: •
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Chandler, Cllrk,
Collator, Davis, Doolutle, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Hale, Har-
lan,Harris, Henderson, Howe, Johnson, Moirill, Pomeroy,
Kainsey, Richaidson, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Wade,and
Wilkinson—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Conness, Dixon, Hendricks, Lane ot
Indiana, Laneof Kansas, Monran, N'esmith, Powell, Salis-
bury, Sumner, Ten Eyefc, and Wilson—1-2.
ABSENT—Messis, Brown, Umlile, Cowan, Fessenden,
Harding, Flicks, Howard, McDougall, Itiddle, Sherman,
Sprague, Willey, and Wriirht—13.
So the amendmentofMr. Grimes was agreed to.
Mr. FOOT. The question now recurs on.agree-
ing to the amendment of the committee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That ordir
narily would be the question; but the yeas and
nays were ordered and taken yesterday on that
question. Perhaps, however, that vote may have
been regarded as reconsidered, and the vote will
be again taken.
Mr FOOT. That is what I supposed. The
vote on agreeing to the amendment of the com-
mittee was reconsidered with a view to reach this
amendment.
Mr. POWELL. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to the first section of the committee's amend-
ment, to strike out and insert, if it be in order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is not
in order at the present time.
Mr. POWELL. Will it be in order after this
vote is taken ?
Mr. WILSON. Let the amendments of the
committee be disposed of. There aie some other
amendments yet.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
now is on the amendment of the committee as
amended, to insert the eighth, ninth, and tenth
sections. On this question the yeas and nays
were yesterday ordered and taken, but the Chair
will put the vote viva voce unless some Senator
desires the yeas and nays again.
The proposed sections were read, as follows:
Sec. 8. Jlnd be it further enacted. That there shall beat-
tached to, and made a paitof, the War Department, during
the continuance ot the present rebellion, a bureau to be
known as the Bureau of Military Justice, to winch shall
be returned for revision the reeoids and proceedings of all
the courts-martial, courts of inquiry, and miluaiy commis-
sions of the annies of the United States, and in which a
record shall be kept of all pioeeedings had thereupon.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That the President
shall appoint, by and with the advice and consent ot the
Senate, as the head of said bureau, a Judge Advocate Gen-
eral, with the rank, pay, and emoluments of a brigadier gen-
eral, and one Assistant Judge Advocate General, with the
rank, pay, and emoluments of a inijorof cavalry. And
tile said Judge Advocate and his assistant shall receive,
revise, and have recorded the proceedings of the couits-
raartiai, courts of inquiry, and military commissions of the
armies of the United States, and perform such oilier duties
as have heretofore been performed by the Judge Advocate
General of the armies of the United States.
Sec:. 10. And he it further enacted, That ihe Secretary of
War shall have power to appoint for said bureau one fourth
class, one third class, one second elas-s,and two first class
clerks.
Mr. HALE. Is it in order to amend that
amendment?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is.
Mr. HALE. Then I move to amend it by
striking out the words " with the rank, pay, and
emoluments of a brigadier general," and insert-
ing " with a salary of $5,000 per annum,"forthe
Judge Advocate General; and by striking out the
words " with the rank, pay, and emoluments of
a major of cavalry," and inserting " with an an-
nual salary of $3,500," for the assistant.
Mr. WILSON. Is that amendment in order?
The PRESIDENT;)™ tempore. Asa question
of order is raised, the Chair will state that the
House of Representatives amended the bill by
striking it out and insertinga substitute forit; and
that substituteseturning hjere.ois t0:be,cpnsitl,ep,-ed
as:an original bill, To-thai. bijl, klv?,Commi*te« 
on Military Affairs prqpase wend rnerit,.and
that,amendment is nottr open to,ame.nd.meiH.
Mr. HBNDRICKS, f wis.h to make.anather,
point of order. The Senate by a vote,has ipsei'ted:
certain words in the eection, and now the motion;
of the Senator from New Hanfipsliireia tp.a r,iJ|(ft
out those wordsand to insert others. 1 know tliijlj
a few weeks ago, when 1 proposed just in- tins
stage of a bill so to strike out aniinsert, tho Pre9^>
ident of the Seriate decided thait it couM not be>
done, because that would be simply updoing what
the Senate had immediately before done.
The PRESIDENTpro,tempore. T.(\a,t iaanew,
point of order, and the Chair wi(l make inquiry,
in regard.to it, as:,he not occupying thftqhtfjs
at the time the nmendment referred to  9ad«-
Mr. HALE. Will the Chair.allow me a singly
moment ? I appreciate, the point taken by, tbs
Senator from Indiana, and if I had moved to strike
out only the words which the- Senate inserted,
the motion wo-uld not be in order; bqt I haste
moved to strike out other, words with them, and
to insert a substitute. My, amendment, therefore,
is in order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The> Chair, is
informed that this,amendment is not precisely
what the Senator from Indiana supposed, but it
is to strike outother words al?o which havebeen
inserted, and further to insert words. Thatisaa
order. . -
Mr. FOOT. The amendment of the Senator
from NewHampshireproposes t)otonly to strike
out the words whjch have been inserted op dis-
tinct motion, but otjjpr words in connection with
them, which makes.it a different proposition.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair has
no doubt of it.
Mr. CONNESS. I call for the yeas and nays
on the amendment of the. Senator from New
Hampshire.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DAVIS. I am opposed, to the.amendmenU
I hold that the officer to whom it is proposed to
give a salary of $5,00Q a year, the Judge Ad.vo- '
cate General, is nothing but a military justice of
the peace; and I am utterly opposejd to. paying a
military justice of the peace $5,000 and his dep-
uty $3,500 salary.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But without the amend-
ment he will get more than that. The amend-
ment reduces, the salary. If the Senator is opr
posed to giving him $5,000h,e will not&cc.omplish
his object by voting against the amendment,,fpr
if the bill stands as i( is, without the amendment,
he will have $6,000,
Mr. DAVIS. I did not, so understand the
facts. I thought he would get about four thou-
sand eight hundred. i
Mr. HALE. No; #0,000.
Mr. DAVIS. Very well. I will vote for the
amendment—anything to reduce the salary of a
military justice of the peace! ,
The question being taken .by yeas and. naya,
resulted—yeas 22, nays 12; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Buekalew, Uiark, Collatncr,
Davis, Dooljttle, Fooj, Foster, Grimes, Hale, Harlan, liar
ris, Henderson,, Johnson, Lane of Kansas, Month, Poma-
roy, Saulsbury, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Van Winkle, and
Wilkinson—
NAYS—Messrs. Conness, Dixon, Iieitdrrefca, Lane of
Indiana, Morgan, Nesmith, Po-vv^i, Rqujsey, Richardson,
Sumner, Wade, and Wilson—12.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Carlfle, Chandler; Cowan,
FessfinriPtt, Harding, Hicks?, Howard, Howe, M*Doug?IJ,
Riddle, Sherman, Sprague, VViUey, and Wright—15.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment as amended was adopted".
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The next
amendment reported by the committee will be
read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Sec. 11. be it further enactcd, That in all cases
where the Government shall furnish transportation and
subsistence to discharged officers and soldiers from the
place of their d  ehaige to the place of their enrollment, or
original muster into the service, they shall not be entitled
to ttavel, pay, or commutation of subsistence.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The next prop-
osition ofthecornmitteeistoamend the fourth sec-
tion of the amendment of the House of Representa-
tives by adding the words " without rations. *
