THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
■ - * MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message, from the President, by Mr. Say,
Bis Private Secretary", informed the House that
he had approved and signed an act (H. R. No,
341) to carry into effect the convention with Ecua-
dor for the mutual adjustment.of claims. .
. ENROLLED 'BILLS STGNKD.
Mr. COBB, from the' Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported th*at-the committee had examined
and found truly "enrolled bills of the following
titles; when the Speaker signed the same:
An «dlP(S. No. 34) in favor of the legal repre-
sentatives of Israel C. Wait; and
An act (St No. 105) for the relief of E. F. and
Samuel A.. Wood.
AMEKDJIBNTS TO TUB CONSTITUTION—AGAIN.
'Mr.- STEVENS. I now demand the previous
question.on ilie joint resolution.
Miv ELDRlDGE. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. PENDLETON. I demand the yeas and
nays Oil that motion.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, addressed
the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair can scarcely rec-
ognize the gentleman while there is a motion
pending to adjourn.
Mr. ELDIilDGE. The only reason why I
made the.mo.tiou to adjourn is because gentlemen
opposite are attempting to amend the Constitu-
tion of the United States under'the previousqucs-
tion.' , {pries of "Order!" " Order!")
■ The SPEAKER. If the gentleman insists on
his motion the Chair cannot recognize any gen-
tleman.
. Mr. ELDRIDGE. If gentlemen do not in-
tend to press this question to-day 1 will cheerfully
■ withdraw my motion. [Ciies of "Order!" " Or-
der!"]
.Tha SPEAltER. The Clmlr^vill state that it
is tfie understanding that tho death of a member
will "be announced- to-day, as soon as ihe previous
question is seconded; and that no further vote
will betaken on this question to-day.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object to the previous
question being seconded, and that is the reason
w.hy I move to adjourn. , ,
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WASIIBUliNE, of Illinois. I ask the
gentleman from Pennsylvania to withdraw the
demand for the previous question.
Mr, ELDRIDGE. I will withdraw the motion
to adjourn if the gentleman will withdraw the
previous question.
Mr. STEVENS. I have entered tho motion,
but I do not ask that a vote shall be taken on it
noty.
Tfto SPEAKER. The Chair will state that it
is the understanding that the gentleman from Il-
linois {Mr. Washe'dme] is going to move an ad-
journment as soon as speeches have been made,
and this will come up as unfinished business to-
morrow morning.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. If the gentleman will with-
draw the motion for the pieviousqucstion, I will
withdraw the motion to adjourn.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not ask any vote on
the previous question to-day i
The SPEAKER, The Chair will'state that
this question "will come up anyhow immediately
alter the Journal is road to-morrow, whether the
previous question is moved or not, and the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] will be
entitled to the floor.
Mr. STEVENS. * In that view of the case, I
withdiaw the motion for the previous ouestion.
_ Mr. ELDRIDGE. Then I withdraw the mo-
tion to adjourn.
DEATH Og HON. OWES LOVEJOY.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker,
it becomes my duty to announce to the House
of Repiosentatives the death of Hon. Owes
Lovejov, a Representative in the Congress of
the United States from the State of Illinois. Mr.
Lovejov expired in the city of Brooklyn, New
York, on Fiiday evening last,'March 25, 1SC4.
A mart of an iron constitution, he had always en-
ioyefl tlie most robust health until a short time
before the expiration of the last Congress. He
was then stricken down by a sudden and severe'
illness, which detained him at the capital for some
time-after theCohgresS had expired. Returning
to h js home, he partially regained his health dur-
ing the last summer and autumn. Taking his
seat in Congressat the commencement of the ses-
sion, in the hopeful and buoyant feelings of his
nature he flattered himself with the idea of health
recovered and energies regained, but there was
something in his altered look which, even to the
unpracticed eye, told of disease and death, cre-
ating in the minds of lus friends the gravest ap-
prehensions. During the holidays, in response
to the pressing invitations of his friends, he vis-
ited Portland, Maine, and delivered a public ad-
dress on the great events which are now chal-
lenging the attention of the country and of the
world. It was Itis last effort at public speaking,
and it was worthy of his name and his fame in
his palmiest days, and the news of his death will
reach that delighted auditory before the accents
of his eloquent utterances will have died away.
Coming back to Washington after the recess of
Congress, he soon had a return of the disease
which had prostrated him nearly a year before.
After several weeks'coufinement to his room and
to his bed, I10 had so far recovered as to believe
himself able to partially resume his duties in this
House. He attended our sittings a short time for
several days, but his eye had lost its brightness,
and the unwonted and ghastly pallor of his cheek
told, alas! but too plainly, tliatdeath had already
marked him as its early victim. Stimulated by
the stirring events of the passing hour, the import-
ant legislation of Congress, and the claims of a
constituency whose interests he htid never neg-
lected or betrayed, anil whose convictions he had
never misrepresented, the effort he made to resume
his duty among us was too much for him. A par-
tial relapse was the consequence, and then it was
determined that lie should, for a time, leave the
excitement of the capital and visit amnio south-
ern and a mure genial climate, in the hope that
his blattered and broken health might yet be re-
stored. He left hero for New York eity some ten
days ago, hut thi! trip thither was too hard for him
to bear, and be was unable to pursue his journey
further. Prom that time he became rapidly worse
until he expired at the time I have stated. Though
dying away from his own beloved home, he was
yet surrounded not only by kind and sympathiz-
ing friends, but by members of his own family,
and the pangs of his parting life were assuaged by
the affection and the care of a devbtrd wife.
Mr. Lovejoy was born at Albion, 111 the State
of Maine, on the 7th day of January, 1811, and was
consequently, at the time of his death,a little over
fifty-tin ee yeais of age. The son of a Congrega-
tional clergyman in a country town, his early life
was devoted to labor upon a farm and to the ac-
quisition of gueh an education as he could obtain
ataNew England "district school." He entered
Bowdoin College at the age of twenty-one years,
and remained there for three years, and then en-
tered upon the pursuit of theological studies. He
removed to Illinois in 1836. In 1839 I10 was or-
dained as pastor of the Congregational church at
Piinceton, in that State, and remained its pastor
nearly seventeen years. It was his only charge,
and he there proclaimed, according to his own
statement, the " everlasting evangel of the father-
hood of God, the sonshipof Christ,and tho broth-
eihood of man." His fiist entrance into political
life was in 1854, when he was elected a member
of the lower house of the Illinois Legislative As-
sembly. I111836 he was first elected to Congress
for the then third congressional district of Illinois,
and ho was twice reelected from that district. In
the redistriclingoi" the State in 1861, he was again
elected to the present Congress from thu fifth dis-
trict, having thus been elected four times, and
having served for a longer period, with four ex-
ceptions, than any man ever elected from that
State. This great fact speaks, m unmistakable
language, of the hold which he bad upon the con-
fidence and affections of his constituents.
Mr. Speaker, Owen Lovejot was no common
man. In saying that m his death a great man lias
fallen, I speak it in 110 common or hackneyed
sense, for he was great. He was great in the
loading idea of his life; groat in his convictions;
great'in the elements of his character; great in
his eloquence; great in his courage; and great in
his abiding and ever-living faith 111 the ultimate
triumph of the eternal principles of right, justice,
and humanity. No man who has succeeded in !
stamping his-ideas and his principles, as he has,
with the impress of indelibility, upon the minds
and hearts of men, could be an ordinary man.
Early impressed with convictions in regard to the
subject of American slavery, he follo wed those
convictions with unswerving fidelity, in the face
of danger, of obloquy, and reproach. His natu-
ral abhorrence of slavery was quickened by the
tragic fate of a beloved brother, who' fell a victim
to his opposition to that institution, a.nd who il-
lustrated his principles by his blood, shed by a
lawless mob. In the advancement of this great
idea of his life Mr. Lovejoy toiled with an_earn-
estness and zeal which were " without variable-
ness or shadow of turning;" and in the pursuit
of his great object it could truly have been said of
him—
"Nodangers daunted and no labors tired."
The heated denunciations of partisans, the ridi-
cule and clamor of the vulgar, and the threats of
the cowardly and the base,failed alike to turn him
from that great purpose of his life, which, like the
" Pontic sea, knew 110 retiring ebb,"
and which purpose he pursued with unfaltering
devotion to the last moment of his earthly exist-
ence. If he did not live to see the end of that
stupendous struggle which was to establish the
great problem which he had spent his life in work-
ing out, like Moses he saw the promised land,
bright and beautiful, as the lafct object upon which
his expiring eyes fell.
I cannot, Mr. Speaker, dwell at length upon
the striking incidents of the life of my late col-
league, nor shall the partiality of a long and un-
interrupted personal and political friendship lead
me to trespass too long upon the time of the House.
But serving with him for three full Congresses in
this House, I should be recreant to my own sei&e
of what is due to krulh and justice did I not hear
my testimony to the distinguished ability and the
great usefulness with which he served his con-
stituents, his State, and the country, as a Repre-
sentative in the American Congress. As a legis-
lator he was wise, intelligent, practical, vigilant,
independent, and, above all, incorruptible. He
was devoted to every duty to his country and to
his constituents. Wherever there was any prin-
ciple involved, he was as firm and unyielding as
the hills of his own native State. Yet, in all mat-
ters of mere policy, involving no surrender of
principle, there was 110 man more ready or move
willing to yield to the suggestions of others. It
is perhaps the case that where men have been
devoted to a particular idea, they are generally
impracticable in all other matters, but it was not
so with our late associate. He was eminently a
practical man, and a man of great common sense,
a. good judge of human nature, and familiar with
the workings of the human heart.
I have spoken of the deceased as a public rfian,
but who shall speak of the virtues which adorned
his private life ? Whoshall speak of him as hus-
band, father, friend, neighbor, citizen? He was
so genial in his intercourse, of a sympathy so
quick and ready, so kind, affectionate, and gener-
ous, that there seemed combined in him all these
qualities which challenged the love and admiration
of those who best knew him,and which disarmed
the resentment of enemies, and endeared him to
the hearts of friends. Upon the immediate family
of our late colleague has this blow fallen with
crushing force. No words of human sympathy
or condolence can stanch the wounds of bleed-
ing affection, and it is alone to Him who " tem-
pers the wind to the shorn lamb" that the appeal
must be made.
Mr. Speaker, the proceedings of this House as
published in the congressional annals for the last
six years will furnish an undying record-of the
services and labors of the distinguished man
whose loss the country so deeply deplores. Serv-
ing'duritig a part of the most interesting and tur-
bulent periods of our congressional history, he
was one of the most active participants in those
scenes in the House which, to the studentof his-
tory, were the precursors of that teirible civil
commotion which has since drenched our land in
blood and made the civilized world to stand aghast.
1 mightcallto your recollection, Mr. Speaker,and
to the recollection of those members of this House
who were members of theThirty-Sixth Congress}
that extraordinary scene in the House of the 5th
of April, 1860, And which has scarcely a parallel
in the history of any deliberative assembly in the
