3278
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 25,
Mr. ODELL. That is all right.
Mr. MORRILL. I m©ve the previous ques-
tion on the report of the conference eommittee.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation
the report was adopted; there being, on a division
—ayes 301, noes 6.
Mr. MORRILL moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report of the conference commit-
tee was adopted; and also moved to lay the mo-
tion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney, its
Secretary, announced, that the Senate had agreed
to the report of the committee of conference on
the disagreeing votes on House bill No. 450; also,
that tlie Senate had passed a joint resolution
(No.66) providing foradjustmentof theaccounts
of Henry W. Diman, in which he was directed
to ask the concurrence of the House; and an
act (H. It. No. 554) to provide for the improve-
ment of the grounds of the Government hospital
for the insane by an exchange of land.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had examined
and found truly enrolled a bill in relation to the
circuit court in and for the district of Wiscon-
sin, and for other purposes; when the Speaker
signed the same.
CONSCRIPTION BILL AGAIN.
The House resumed the consideration of the
conscription hill.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, if this matter
goes over till Monday, is it likely to be overridden
by some other special order?
The SPEAKER. The House can give it pre-
cedence by unanimous consent.
Mr.SCIlENCK. I ask that by unanimous
consent a vote shall be taken on this commuta-
tion mutter at one o'clock on Monday.
Air. W A Si 1 Li URN K, of Illinois. I ask in
legauito the business before tlx- House whether,
it wo f-h'Hild dispose of the (miff bill to-day and
of tils* enrollment HiII on Monday, there would
be tiny difficulty whatever in closing this session
on Thuisday next.
Mr. STEV ENS. So far as the Committee of
"Ways and Means is concerned we have disposed
of all the business.
Mr. WASH BU RNE, of Illinois. I have been
informed by the chairman of ilie Finance Com-
mittee of the Senate that, with this question dis-
posed of, thoie will be no difficulty in Congress
adjourning on Thursday next.
"The SPEAKER. What ever proposition the
gentleman wants stated to the House the Chair
will state.
Mr. SCIIENCK. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House that a vote shall be taken on
Monday next at one o'clock on the conscription
bill ami the various amendments to it.
Mr. DAWSON. I object,.
Mi*. SCLJENCIC. i demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded.
Mr. COX moved that the bill and amendments
be laid on the table.
Mr. DAWSON demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays wete ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the iiegauvc—yeas 57, nays IS, not voting 47;
as follows:
Y1>AS—Mes-is. Wiilium Jk Allen, Ancon.i, Auuumii^ (J.
H iKUviti, J.uiHN S liifuvii, L'iiauli't, L'oth-nth, Co\. Ct.v-
\en-i, IMen, Kd <;iton, JOUhnljji', Llntilish, b'inck,
Gilder, Haidnm, I Inn insjton, Benjamin (i. liarti^, Charles
M. Harris, lleirick. lioiujau, Iluiclnns, Philip John-on,
William .lolm-uii, Keinan, Law, Las^-ar, Le. lilond, Maj-
lory. Maicv. McDou <•]), MeKinney, William II. Miller,
.feint < tt. Mom-. Mom*nn, Nelson, Notite, John O'Neili,
P'Mhileinii, Prnjn, Radfout. SainuW J, Randall, Rofmmon,
Jame> S. Rolling Ros-? Julm iL Steele, William
G, Steele. N Stiou-e. Stuail, Sweat. Chilton A. White,
Jtw ph \\ . Wuifii'id. iicnjaimu Wood, and Fw-
nardo Wood—.)7.
\iie_v, A'li-oii Ames, Audet.^on, Arnold,
x'liuin. UaM.T, lie.un.ui, iname, ftjin,
\iiii en <i. i>r(.vvn, Amhio^e W.
('i e>\\i 11, 'j iiom,i> T. l)avt>. |j,avos,
t«. i\, i'hor. i-'.iin-woilii, Fen-
O' i - w i<l, il.ii.'. H'irby, Hoopci,Asahul
ti Ilabbaid. Nulbunl, J enekt's, Julian,
ICeiiogg.Oiiando Kellogg, Knox, Little-
V \ ;
-We
V, J.
!)
VV
Kel
• F.a
J.J.
'_i& W.
jolu, Loan. Longvear, Marvin. McGlurg, Mooihead, Mor-
rill, Daniel Morris, Amos Myers, Leonard Myers, Norton,
Odt'll, Charles O'Neill, Orth, Patt<jr*on, Perham, Pike,
Fomeroy, Price, John H. Ric  , Edward £f. Rollins,Schenck,
Sloan, Smitheis, Steven?, Thayer, Thomas, Tracy, Van
Valkejib'insh, F.lihu B, Washhuino, William B. Washburn,
We_bster,*YVhaley, Wilson; and Windoin—78.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. James C. Allen, Baily, Bliss,
Braiufegee, Brooks, Broomall, Fieeman Clarke,Clay.Ilenry
Winter Davis, Denison, Dumont, Eeklcy, Frank, Ganson,
Grinnel), Hall, Hotchkiss, Iagersoll, Kalbfleisch. Kasson,
King, Knapp, Long, McAllister, McBride, MclWloe, Mid-
dleton,Samuel F.Miller,Peiry, William H.Randall, Alex-
ander II. Rice, Scofield, Scott, Shannon, Smith, Spalding,
Starr, Stebbins, Up-son, Voorhees, Wadsworth, Ward,
Wheeler, Williams, Wilder, Woodbrldge. and Yeaman
—47.
So the House refused to lay the bill and amend-
ments on the table.
During the vote,
Mr. FARNSWORTII stated that his col-
leagues, Mr. Ingersoll and Mr. J. C. Allen,
were paired on this question.
The vote was then announced as above re-
corded.
Mr. STEVENS. If we refuse to order the
main question, would that leave the bill and amend-
ments under the operation of the previous ques-
tion ?
Mr. SPEAKER. It would not.
Mr. STEVENS. Then I hope it will be voted
down.
The House divided; and there were—ayes 58,
noes 63.
Mr. WILSON demanded tellers.
Mr. "BLAINE. If the main question is ordered,
does it not exhaust itself on the amendments.'
The SPEAKER. It does not.
Mr. BLAINE. Then I hope it will be voted
down.
Mr. COX. What time will it be in order for
me to move that the further consideration of this
question shall be postponed until the next ses-
sion ?
The SPEAKER. After the third reading of
the bill if the gentleman from Ohio does not de-
mand the previous question on its passage.
Tellers were ordeied; and Messrs. Wilson and
I). Wood were appointed.
The House divided; and there were—ayes 51,
noes 74.
So the House refused to order the mam ques-
tion to be wow put.
Mr. SCHENCK. The previous question was
seconded. Now, what is theeifeetof refusing to
order the mam question?
The (SPEAKER. The 132d rule provides:
u Whrnevei the Iloiw shall refuse to order the mam
question, the consideration oi tho Mibjeet shall h« i cut mod
a^ though no motion tor the pievious que.iticm had been
made.''
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, I do not seek to
debate the details or special merits of this bill. I
have sought the floor to discharge a duty to my
State, which I supposed I would have hud an op-
portunity to do thiough the courtesy of the gentle-
man fiom Kentucky, [Air. Mallory;] and 1 was
taken by surprise when 1 found that the gentle-
man from Kentucky deemed it necessary to the
argument he was making to arraign the State of
Massachusetts, and then thought it necessary to
that argument to refuse to a Massachusetts Rep-
resentative upon this floor an opportunity to make
a simple statement of the facts of the ease. I am
confident that on reflection the gentleman from
Kentucky will regxet that unusual lack of couit-
esy on his part.
Although Massachusetts has been frequently
before the House committee, members I dare say
are very tired of it, yet they will bear the mem-
bers from Massachusetts witness that they have
never brought her forward, but have only stood
in her defense. They have no disposition to in-
dulge m any boasting of their State, They do
not believe she has dona any more than herduty,
and it may be far from all that history and im-
pat tial judgmentin the future will have exacted of
her. They have not been disposed when others
have seen nt in the discharge of their duty to ar-
raign Massachusetts before the House to remain
silent; and hence more frequently than desirable
has her name been brought into debate here.
On a former occasion the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Cox] charged that she refused to supply
her full share ot troops under the several calls of
the President. He ehaiged that she was in de-
ficit twenty-one thousand troops. The gentleman
from Kentucky has to-day renewed m substance
that charge, anji though not fixing any particular
deficit-in numbers, has denounced her for that pe-
culiar policy to which Massachusetts has always
been attached in regard to colored soldiers, as-
signing that among other reasons for the deficit
he claims and which he refused me an opportu-
nity to refute. Whenever I shall find it neces-
sary, and I hope I never shall in any aigument I
have to make here, to arraign Kentucky upon
this floor, I trust it will not also be necessary to
my argument to refuse to any Representative
upon this floor from Kentucky to set her right.
I only desire with a simple statement of figures
to put Massachusetts right upon the record, and
to show by actual figures not only that she is not
in deficit but in surplus.
Mr. MALLORY. The gentleman alludes to
me personally. 1 made no allusion to the gentle-
man personally in my speech, ff I had done so
I should have felt bound to yield to him when-
ever he asked me. As he has made allusion to
my remarks he will do me the favor to allow me
to correct him.
Mr. DAWES. I know that the gentleman did
not allude to me personally; but is it less dis-
courteous to slander my State upon this floor and
then refuse me an opportunity to reply?
Mr. MALLORY. I never slandered the State
of Massachusetts. I spoke of her present Gov-
ernor. Of Massachusetts as a sovereign State I
never spoke at all in my rematks.
Mr. DAWES. I am upon the floor simply to
show that Massachusetts is not behindhand in
supplying her quota. The Governor of Massa-
chusetts needs no defense from mo at this time.
If he ever does need such defense 1 shall not be
slow to give it. The argument of the gentleman
from Ohio on a former occasion, and of the gentle-
man from Kentucky to-day is that because Mas-
sachusetts has adhered to a particular policy in
reference to the enlistment of colored troops, she
has failed to do her own duty, and in that they
aie mistaken. I do not boast of how much she
hay done. I am letidy to say that Massachusetts,
so long as she has a life or a dollar to offer, has
not done all of herduty if that be required of her.
I hold in my hand, Mr. Speaker, a statement,
an account current between the Government and
Massachusetts bearing date June 4, 1864, and
signed by F. N. Clarke, major-fifth artillery, Act-
ing Assistant Provost Marshal General. The
exact call on each congiessional distwet, with the
deficits and surpluses yj each, is as follows:
Tabular statement showing the quotas, credits, deficiencies,
and swplus in each dish let, Stutc of Mccxsat husetts.
Dhtuct.
Quota.
Credits.
Deficiencies.
Surplus.
N7o. 1
3,431
3,231
425
205
No. 2
a,457
3,339
162
41
No. 3
5,148
4.968
452
272
No. 4
5,010
4,714
630
298
No. 5
3,30*
3.501
83
280
No. f.
3,4-15
3,307
173
95
No. 7
3,231
3.389
51
209
No. 8
3,7-22
3,7 J 3
m
133
No. 9
3,-lD9
3,339
409
139
No. 10
3,864
3,008
784
18
38,170
36,572
3,291
1,693
F. N. CLARKE,
Major Fifth Artillery, Jl. Ji. P. M. G.
Official.
June 4,1864.
This statement makes our deficit fifteen hun-
dred and ninety-eight, not twenty-one thousand
as charged upon us.
But I have also from the Provost Marshal Gen-
eral, Biigadier General Fry, a statement under
his own hand dated June 4, 1864, in which he
charges Massachusetts with 934 less than his as-
sessment. This reduces the deficit atonce to GG4.
I have also tiie statement of Major Vincent of re-
turns not included in this account current between
the 1st day of April and the last day of May: of
three yeais' enlistments, 2,423; enlistments in the
regular Army, 291; makmg2,714. This changes
at once the deficit into a surplus 01*2,050. But tins,
again, does not include the recruits in the reserve
corps enlistments during that same time, or any
of the naval enlistments, or any enlistments of
colored troopssince April 1. They ate estimated
by the Governor of Massachusetts at 3,000. So
that I show under the hand of the officials here
an actual surplus of 2,050, and if we include the
