280
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20,
such one tenth, excluding all others, " shall re-
establish such State government, which shall be
republican and in nowise contravening said oath,
and such shall be recognized as the true govern-
ment of the State and he suggests as not im-
proper—
"That in constructing a loyal State government in any
State, the name of the State, the boundary, the subdivisions,
the constitution, and the general code oflaws, as before the
rebellion, be maintained, subject only to the mollifications
made necessary by the conditions heiehibefore stated, and
swell others, if any, not contravening >-aid conditions, and
which maybe deemed expedient by those framing the new
Suite government."
Will the Senate and the country pause to con-
template the extraordinary powcis here arrogated
by the President? Ton States are mentioned;
three of them were of the original and illustrious
thirteen. Are these ten political communities a
part of the Union this day, or, in the eye of the
Constitution, are they outside the Union ? If they
are outside and no longer Status of the Union, by
what power that we recognize and by what ac-
tion lhat wo respect did this thing occur? It was
by no action of the United States. The Federal
Government has all the while claimed juiisdiction
over them, and by legislative and executive action
has exercised that*-jurisdiction when and where
not hindered by armed resistance. If not by the
action of this Government, then are these States
out of the Union by their own action, each State
by her separate act of secession taking herself
out? It would be rank political heresy to assert
it. They are yet States of the Union, but States
in which the people are in armed resistance to the
United States; and they can cease to bo States of
the Union only by the success of the revolution.
We have but to restore the lawful authority of
the Federal Government over the people thereof,
and secure their acquiescence and obedience,and
the Union is restored.
In these u-n States the President proposes a
plan for organizing " new State governments,"
with the assurance that they shall bo recognized
as the true governments of the States." By what
authoi ity is this assurance given ? What provision
of the Constitution constitutes him the architect
to tear down and rebuild State governments? Our
fathers held,and the patriot statesmen from their
day until now have held, that the people only could
lay the foundations of State governments, and
build thereon the institutions of their choice. This
work, however,the President commits to the hands
of such as shall take the oath that he requires, be-
ing not less than one tenth of the voting popula-
tion. Has it been heard of before in modem times
that one tenth of the people shall frame the gov-
ernment and enact the laws that the other nine
tenths are to respect and obey? It has been a
chei ished American sent iment, and esteemed vital
to liberty, that "governments derive their just
powers fiom the consent of the governed;" but
now we are told that they may derive then* pow-
ers from the consent of one man out often; pro-
vided, however, lhat he may consent only to that
which the President consents to, and do what hu
requires, and must fh.stbe bound by oath tosup-
poit tin* executive policy. We were told atone
time that popular institutions were being estab-
lished in Fiance; that all were allowed to vote
for the chief executive officer, provided, however,
they must vote for Louis Napoleon; and we
laughed in dension, and said that a slavish des-
potism was being established. What think you
then, si i, of this scheme of alio wing political power
in ten Status uf the Union to none but such as the
PresideutfJiall designate, and they first to be sworn
to cairy out his wishes? And the President nays
the new State governments must bo republican!
Our fathess thought, and we were taught, that a
republican <rovernment was one in which the peo-
ple, through representatives chosen bythemst Ives,
make their own laws; and that where the few gov-
ern the many it was an oligarchy. But now we
must unlearn all that and allow that republican-
ism may survive when the few form the govern-
ment and make the laws which tin; runty must,
obey. When so many as one tenth of the people
in any State shall have taken the otiih and have
formed the new State government, the question
will arise what representation shall they have in
Congiess- When  e 'oirttized as a State, the Con-
stitution iixes the repiesontatioii at two Senatois
and a representation bused, not upon the tenth of
sworn men—voting men—but upon the " whole
number offfee persons," which will then include
all the negroes, as the new State would then re-
gard them as free; so that the President's new-
made voter, m his new State, would have a polit-
ical power equal to ten men in Indiana. Who are
likely first to take the prescribed oath, and thus
become the President's voting clansmen,clothed
with political power above all the men of the coun-
try? Itis proper to presume there will be many
true Union men, who opposed secession; then
will come that class who always array themselves
on the strong side, and who were noisy and active
supporters of the southern cause in the days of
its triumphs, but abandon its waning fortunes.
But prominent and powerful will be the camp-
followers—northern men with, but not of, the
Army—who seek fortunes in speculation and
plunder. Can we, sir, consent that political power
shall be conferred upon such men ten times greater
than the free and true men whom we represent
enjoy ? I would not feel that I had done my duty
toward the voters of Indiana did I not enter my
protest against a scheme so unjust to them.
The Constitution, article one, section two, leaves
to the States to define the qualifications of voters;
but the President undertakes to exclude all who
decline to bind themselves by oath to bis policy.
It may not be said that none are thus disfranchised
but rebels; for 1 cannot doubt that thousands who
have been true to the Union all the while, and
who now labor for its restoration upon the basis
of the Constitution, will decline an oath unknown
to the Constitution, humbling to their manhood,
and which strips them of their freedom of opinion
and action touching matters appertaining to State
government. Ami however good and true men
they may have been, and still are, yet thejr are
excluded. Without the oath they are disfian-
chised, while the motley assemblage of public vir-
tue, the President's own sworn men,aie allowed
the rights of citizenship and the exclusive power
of government. If under the State laws persons
tued and convicted of treason are disfranchised
and rcndcied incapable of holding offices of ti ust
and profit, it is well; but if the State laws do not
so provide the President cannot disqualify. The
President cannot disfranchise him whom the State
has enfranchised. The Constitution forbids it;
the rights of the States forbid it; and our rights
as citizens forbid it.
The President suggests to his sworn men that
m demolishing and reconstructing State institu-
tions they shall not change the name of the State,
us boundary, its subdivisions, its constitution or
general code of laws, only so far as may be re-
quired by the terms and conditions of the procla-
mation, or as may be deemed by them expedi-
ent. Every step taken by the Piesident m this
dnection is upon the fragments of a broken Con-
stitution. The Carolines and Georgia had then-
names and their boundaries before the Union was
formed, fixed and established by colonial char-
ters, and with their ancient names and bounda-
ries they agreed to the Union; and of the re-
maining seven of the Slates mentioned by the
Presid< nt it is enough to say that their names
and boundaries were established by the people
when the States were formed, and agreed to by
Congress by the acts admitting them into the
Union. These ancient attributes of the States,
conferred in the most solemn modes known to us
as a people, cannot thus be disturbed by the Presi-
dent, oi by the few who may act uiuh r his as-
sumed authority. But, sir, the Constitution for-
bids aigument on tins question by the provision
protecting the integi ity of State boundat les unless
by the consent of the States affected and of Con-
gress, article four, section three.
The President also requires, in effect, that the
State constitutions shall be changed so as to eon-
form to his proclamation. In most and peibaps
all of the constitutions of these States, piovtsion
is made for their own amendment;and it is clear
wheie there are no such provisions they can be
changed only by the people acting in their sov-
eietgn capaepy, through th(ir delegates selected
for that purpose. But without reference to the pi o-
visions of the constitutions for then- own amend-
ment, mid without regard to the original and ex-
clusive right of the people to make and change
their Suite eonsDfutions, the President pi<<pos; *
to conform them to his own policy, through his
ngenis sworn to that end in advance. Mr. Presi-
dent, can any pretext of State necessity, can any
pretended exigencies of the war, or any conceiva-
ble hope of future good, justify so clear a violation
of the Constitution, and disregard of the princi-
ples upon wlitch our institutions are based ? To
preserve the Federal Government is the duty of
every citizen; but co-existent is the duty of pre-
serving the States with all their rights and the
privileges of the people unimpaired. Measures
that destroy the States, or impair the i ights of the
people under them, strike a blow at the Union,
and endanger the Federal Government. Can the
supporting columns be stricken down and the
temple yet stand ? The States and Federal Union
form one harmonious whole—they n\ust stand to-
gether or fall in a common ruin.
The people of the United States have been wisely
jealous of ptfwer in its efforts to perpetuate itself.
The history of the past two years, and the pres-
ent condition of the country, admonish us that
they cannot now be too vigilant in guarding their
liberties. An important presidential election is
approaching, in which the people will struggle to
maintain their rights and privileges, and the Ad-
ministration to hold its power. The President
commands the mostnumerous and powerful Army
known to history; he controls the disbursement
of larger sums of money than were ever controlled
by any one power, and reaches every neighbor-
hood by his all-pervading patronage. Prostuite
Kentucky, Maryland, and Delaware admonish us
that the brave and timid alike are paralyzed at the
polls by the sword; and m all the States we be-
hold the power of patronage and money over the
venal and corrupt. There are appalling odds in
the contest between power and the people, and
the only hope is in the virtue of the people and
their devotion to their ancient liberties. But. sir,
the President's proclamation seeks in addition to
place ten States under his absolute control—to
exclude ail who will not fiist swear fealty to his
measuies, thus securing presidential electors who
will lay their votes at his feet. Can the liberties
of the people sui\ive the success of a scheme so
dan«cei ous ?
Without questioning that the President may
granta conditional pardon, I do deny that he may
impose n condition that will control the action of
the pardoned man touching the policy of his
State, for that policy being exclusively of the State,
shall be decided by the people thereof, uninflu-
enced and uncontrolled by Federal power, for the
leason that it is by the Constitution expressly re-
served to the State and to the people; and an at-
teinptby Federal authority to control it isa usurp-
ation. And I deny that a condition may be
imposed upon the ptudoned man which interferes
with his freedom as an elector, for the reason that,
so far as our institutions rest upon popular suf-
frage, their spirit requires that the voter shall vote
for the man of his choice, for such reasons and
upon such considerationsassatisfy hisown judg-
ment and conscience; and any interference with
the absolute and entire freedom of suffiage is a
blow at our popular institutions. Was there ever
a time m our history when a Piesident, elected by
the Whig or Democratic party, in giantm^a par-
don would have dared to icquire the man to sw ear
that he would support the policy and vote foi the
men of the party in power5 A single instanceof
the sort would have diiven the President and his
party from power before a storm of popular in-
dignation in the daysof pubiicand political vii tue.
Mr. President, at the beginning of the war such
assurances were given, both to the country and
foreign nations, by the executive and legislative
depaitmcnts of the Government, touching the
purpose and policy of the war, and the principles
that would be respected when it should cease,
that they cannot now be disiegarded without a
breach of public faith. In Ins inauguial message,
defiveied when hostility were impending, the
President said:
" I li.ive no purpose, diiecliv oi induced), to nitei fere with
the nibUtunoii oi tdnverv in the State:- where it cxi^t*. I
believe i have n<> lawl ul rt^'lii to do .-o, and I have no incli-
nation to do -ii."'
I nude unl a proposed amendment to tie-1 Constitution
—which <>m end went, li'iwo'vi, [ jjuve nol --eetj —D,i,
Cony.e-«, to the cfrect that the IYdn.il Government-hall
H'A et mtcrfeie u ith the dome-tn- jiMinr ioin o! th" State-,
in-I'ldmir t!:;H ot pet-on- ln>Ui to -r-|\iee. To<ivo:(I rili-
e iii->tiin I'un oi what 1 have >;nd, ! d- nat t t'omj m \ pm
net to .•>[>. ak ol pnsucular ameiidin-'iH-, m> l,u ;i> to that,
ho!(lniLr -aeti a piovision new to he implied constitutional
law. 1 luive no objection to it- beim* made express and
no'vocable.'5
