1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Wi
These declarations of his purpose, and defini-
tions of constitutional restrictions upon executive
power, were made by the Piesident under most
solemn circumstances, forming almost a part of
the official oath; and addressing his " dissatisfied
fellow-countrymen," he said:
"You have no oath registered in heaven to destroy the
Government, while I shall have the most solemn one to
'preserve, pioteet, and defend it.' "
Is it not enough now to ask, what change has
since been made in the Constitution which gives
him " lawful right" to u interfile with the insti-
tution of slavery in the States," or to do any
other act which it was not lawfully right for him
to do when sworn into office?
After the war had commenced, in his message
to Congress on the 4th July, 1861, the President
repeated the assurances given in his inaugural.
He said:
" Le-t there be some uneasiness in the mind* of candid
men as to what is to be the course of the Government to-
waid the M>uthern States after the rebellion shall have been
Mippre^ni. the Executive deems it proper to f*ay, it will
be hi* purpose then, as ever, to be <jmded by the Constitu-
tion and the law*; and thai he piobably will have no du-
ffi cut undei Maud ingot the powers and duties ot the Federal
Government, relatively to Hie n^hts of the States and the
people under the Constitution, than that expressed in the
inaugural addres s."
And to remove all possibility of doubt, and all
hesitation m the support of the war, he repeats
the assurance in his message of December 3,1861,
as follows:
" The inaugural address at the beginning of the Adminis-
tration. and the murage to Conirre^ atthe I.Lte special ten-
sion, were both mainly devoted to domestic contioven-v,
out of which the insurrection anil consequent war have
spt mm. Nothing new occurs to add or subtiact to or fiom
the ptnieipkjs 01 eencial puipo^es. stated and expie&sed in
tUo-e documents."
These icpeated assurances were given to the
people at home that they might be united in the
support of the war, upon the conviction that it
was and would be prosecuted foi the sole pui pose
of restoring the Union, and not at all for any pur-
pose of the abolition of slaveiy; but it became im-
portant also to give the assurance to foieign Gov-,
etnments, so that they might not interfere by
recognition or otherwise, and to that end Mr.
Seward, m his letterof April22,1861, to our min-
ister to France, said:
"The Teintories will lemam in all respects the same
vvhethei the levoluiion shall succeed or shall tail. The
eoudition of slavoij- in the scveinl States will remain ju=t
the >;une whether it succeed 01 fail. Theie ^ not even a
pietext toi the complaint that the disaffected States aie to
he. eonqueied by the Unired Slates if the levolutnm fail, foi
the nglits of the States, ami the condition of every human
being in them, will leinain-uhjecttocxactly thesame laws
ami lortns of administration whether the revolution shall
succeed or v\ bethel ttshall f.ul. In the one c;w the rft.ites
vouid be federally connected with the new coniedeiney;
in the, other ihey would as now be members of the United
States; hut then coii-uiuuon and law-, c u-ioni^. habits,
and in-tiniti<mo in eithei case will remain tho '•nmr.
u if is h.udlv nece^sarv t<>add to this ineontesiable state-
ment the luuhei tact that the new President, as well a- the
citizens thiotigh whose -u(fiai;es> he has come into thead-
mmisti.ition. has ahva\< icpudiated all designs whatever,
and wherever imputed to lmn and them, of disturbing the
fvstem of slaveiv as.it is existing undei the Constitution
and laws. Tilt; ease, however, wouid not be tuily pi e son ted
it I were to omit to say that any such effort on his part
would h<' uueons!iiufioiia!?and all hi< actions in tbatdiM-e-
tiou would he pievented by the judicial authority, i ven
thong!) they woiu absented to by Congress and the people."'
Under date of May G, 1661, to our minister to
Russia, Mr. Seward said:
All existing intetests of slavery are protected now, as
her<'tofote, by oui Federal ami State constitution*, suffi-
cient t<> pi event the destruction or molestation of the insti-
tution ot slaveiy wh'Me !t by Fedfial or foreign m-
teivention, without the consent of the parties- concerned.''
These extracts are taken fiom letters of general
instruction to our foreign ministers, furnishing the
gtounds they should assume, and the arguments
they should urge in maintaining, before the Gov-
ernments to winch they weie acciedited, that we
are in the right; that we prosecute the war to re-
establish tile rightful authoi ity oftlie Government,
and not to destroy or distuib established institu-
tions.
Hut that there should remain no doubt in the
country, or in the wot Id , upon the gr^at quest ion,
atthe special session ot July, 1861, Conirre^,\v ith
great unanimity, doc fared:
'{Th''?thiS war?k untwined, co ih«M> put. Mi anv spit t
of oppression, oi lor :my junpo-e rj f>[- snijuj.i-
ti'in, or pUtpo-L' of <>v  !hr<>\\ 11o] 111:":,i t.i1 i W lit: jbu
i mbls oi esial'iisherl in ti'.iuion- oi tlsc-p States (,ui tn de-
lend and maintain tl.n siipiemaey oi the ('oiMifuiion. <uui
piesei ve the I'mon, v ilk all the i<jn :Uti<, n.l t)■; 'it..
Oj ihc several Slolrs uinmjxili c</. uil'l as \Oun ns I/(^^f chjcrt-i
are acromplhkctl tiif w ak oroin to <■: \-<
I will quote from a writer upon this resolution:
" Ileie was a distinct and foimal declaration by the na-
tional Legislature, at an early stage of the war, of it* objects:
tk 1. It was not waped ior oppression, conquest, or subju-
gation, or to overthiow or iutuifere with the rights or insti-
tutions of the States.
" ± It was waged to rnanitnin the Constitution—to pre-
set ve the Union—with the 'dismty, equality, and rights
oftlie several States unimpaired.5
" 3. < As soon as these objects (the maintenance of the
Constitution, preseivation of the Union, and protection of
the i ightr* of the States) arc accomplished txie war ought
to cease.' "
What was the immediate effect of these solemn
and unequivocal assurances given by two of the
departments of the Government? The confederate
States, although recognized as a belligerent, failed
to secure their recognition as a Government de
jure, and their position abroad becamc every day
moie embarrassing, and although theynrged the
derangement of trade and commerce, the short
supply of cotton, and their own gigantic efforts to
maintain their independence, yet they could not
win a recognition, for the Governments of Eu-
rope had been assured that the war was prosecuted
on the part of the United States to reestablish
legitimate authority. But at home, sir, the effect
was yet more astounding. The call for volun-
teers was responded to with fierce zeal in every
State and county throughout the North, men ral-
lied to the standard without distinction of politi-
cal parties, a mighty army sprang into existence,
as if called up by the wand of a magician, that
shook the solid eai th beneath its heavy tread. The
patriotic fervor knew no abatement until the
country was shocked by the proclamation of Sep-
tember, 1SG2. If Senators ask what has discour-
aged enlistments, why it is so difficult to fill up
the A) my, and why, in the language of another,
men have to be dragged by the draft like bullocks
to the slaughter pen, let the inquiry be made at
the other end of the avenue, and of those who ad-
vised that ill-starred measure. Even in Massa-
chusetts we have not an equivalent for the losses
m the more conservative sections, although her
Governor did, as I believe, assure the President
and the country that, if a radical policy weie
adopted, the highways and byways would be
thronged by crowding, jostling multitudes, eager
for the places of rendezvous.
Mr. President, I ask Senators if they do believe
that the President's proclamation and the pro-
posed rule of the Senate will promote and hasten
the return of an honorable and permanent peace?
Very recently one of the most poweiful journals
of the country in the support of the Administra-
tion said:
We must not shut our eve-* to the fact that if we are to
restore the Union at all we must do it with the a-,M>nt and
eo >peiation of the great body of the people in the rebel
t>LHte?, '
What believer in popular institutions can hesi-
tate to adopt the sentiment* And yet, sir, by the
rule of the Senate resting upon the act of 1862, it
is proposed to close the doors, of the Senate and
House and all the avenues to positions of honor
and profit against all the people of the South who
cannotcome without fault touching the rebellion,
and by the proclamation of the President to ex-
clude from paidon and citizenship all who will
not abjure their righ is and privileges and the rights
and pierogatives of their States. Sir, we need
not deceive ojrselves; these arc not peace meas-
ures, they are not inspired by a hope to restore
our oncegloi ious Union; they ai e hindcrancesand
impediments, deep ditches and high walls, to be
in the way of the people dmiing together again.
We know that if the desire be for permanent
peace and reunion we musl throw the proclama-
tion* to the winds, and a<Min, high above all, raise
the banner and the Constitution of our country.
Then, if sulfrnngnnd desolation have opened the
eyes of the sreat body of the people of the South
to 'he ei lor of the past and hopelessness of the
future, we may hope that they will come back if
wo but open our arms to receive them.
In the Not < h wer.t v/e want peace; we want peace
in a I'-storod Tjmon and upon terms-' honoiab'eto
th Nor til o r.'! ju«3t to waul the Son t h ; upon terms
t hut. v. ill h\u'e us friends and not enemies; end
v.-v tvan? P'mcp befoie theNoitb is exhausted and
the South destroyed, so that the shores of the
Gulf and the borders of the routhem livers may
a2"tinl wave with the su^ar-can*' and whiten with
the hui stmu: cotton ; that in all that region we may
find a renin nei at ive mai ket for the h"avy products
of our rich lands, and so that from the sources
of the Ohio, the Wabash, and the Mississippi,
throughout theirentireflow to the Gulf, there may
be a united,harmonious,and happy people, bring-
ing reciprocal blessings by the exchange of all acts
ofkinduessand n testored and gi owing commerce.
Mr. JOHNSON, I was informed yesterday
that the Senator from Delaware who has not been
heard [Mr. Satjlsbtjry] desired to address" the
Senate on this subject. I told him that, with the
consent of the Senate, I would waive addressing
the body until he should have been heard.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I prefer that th^ Senator
from Maryland should address the Senate first;
and to give him an opportunity of being heard
fully on the subject, if agreeable to the Senate
1 move that the further consideration of the reso-
lution be postponed until to-morrow.
Mr. SUMNER. Perhaps some other Senator
may be disposed to go on this afternoon. ["Oh,
no."]
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clark.)
It is moved that the further consideration of this
resolution be postponed until to-morrow.
Mr. SUMNER. As there is executive busi-
ness to be done, I move that the Senate proceed
to its consideration.
The motion was agreed to; and after some time
spent in executive session the doors were re-
opened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, January 20, 1864.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. W. H. Ciianning.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
REPORT OF SUPERINTENDENT PTJBLIC PRINTING.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the eleventh annual report of
the Superintendent of Public Printing; which was
laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
SELECT COMMITTEE.
The SPEAKER announced as the select com-
mittee oi dered yesterday on the chemist of the De-
partment of Agriculture, Mr. Godlove S.Orth
of Indiana, Mr. Brutus J. Clay of Kentucky,
Mr. Anthony L. Knapp of Illinois, Mr. JoHtfL.
Dawson of Pennsylvania, and Mr. Frederick E.
Woodbridge of Vermont.
GRANT OF LAND TO IOWA.
Mr. ALLISON, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill making a grant of land to the State
of Iowa to aid in the construction of the Mc-
Gregoi, Western and Cedar Falls, and Minne-
sota railroads in said State; which was read a
first and sccond time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
LINE OFFICEKS OF THE NAVY.
Mr. SCHENCK, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to amend an act entitled "An act to
establish and equalize the grades of the line offi-
cers of the United States Navy," approved July
16> 18G2; which was read a fust and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
CONFISCATED PROPERTY.
The regular order of business being demanded,
The SPEAKER announced that the regular
order of business was the call of committees for
reports, under which the House would resume
the consideration of the Joint resolution (H. R.
No. 18) to amend a joint resolution explanatory
of "An act to suppiess insurrection, to punish
treason and rebellion, to seize and confiscate the
propeiLy of lehols, and for other puiposes," ap-
pioved July 17, 1862, reported from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, upon which the gentle-
man from Maine [Mi.Sivizat] was entitled to
the floor.
Mr. STEVENS. If the chairman of the Com-
mittee on the Judicial y is present, I would ask
him to move to postpone the consideration of this
resolution t\w> ot three days in order that other
committees may make their mports—say until ,
next Monday m^rnini; after th-- morning hour.
Mr. WILSON. With an understanding in re-
lation to the time when a vote may be taken upon
this resolution, 1 have no objection to the post-
poneini'iii; hut if it is to be postponed without
any undemanding, so that when a week shall have
