1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL
world. It was on that occasion that he displayed
that undaunted courage and matchless bearing
which extorted the admiration of even his most
deadly foes. But I need not recount'to you, sir,
the many other occasions during your service
when he has electrified the HouSe by his outbursts
of eloquence. With a mind well stored with
classic learning, with a vigorous and enlightened
understanding, with a fine personal presence, he
was one of the greatest of orators, while yet he
scorned the ordinary artifices of eloquence. His
was the eloquence of Mirabeau, which in the
Tiers Etat and in" the National Assembly made
to totter the throne of France; it was the elo-
quence of Danton, who made all France to trem-
ble from h is tempestuous utterances in the National
Convention. Like those apostles of the French
Revolution, his eloquence could stir from the
lowest depths all the passions of man; but, un-
like them, he was as good and as pure as he was
eloquent and brave, a noble-minded Christian
man, a lover of the whole human race and of uni-
versal liberty regulated by law. While from this
tribune he spoke to the nation, and left upon it
the impress of his principles and his convictions
and of his master mind, the theater of his great-
est triumphs as an orator was on the stump and
before the masses of the people. It was in his
own State, where he was known the best and
heard the oftenest, that he achieved his greatest
distinction as an orator. In the presence of the
people he was invincible. Whatever might have
been effected against him by political or personal
prejudice, whenever he reached the popular ear
all was scattered as if by a whirlwind. But he
has left us in the ptide of his manhood, and in
the fullnessof hisintellectual vigor—gone almost
at the moment when he expected to see accom-
plished the great work to which he had devoted
his life. He expressed that expectation in his
great speech of April 5,1860, by a quotation from
the speech of Mr. Webster on the subject of the
threatened interposition of Russia to snatch Kos-
suth from the protection of Turkey for the pur-
pose of sacrificing him on the altarof despotism;
and I will close with that quotation:
"Gentlemen, theie is something 011 enrth greater than
aibitiaiy oi depone power. TJie lightning has it^ power,
and the whiilwiud lias its power, and the earthquake has
its power, hut thetc is something among men more capable
of shaking despotic thrones than lightning, whiilwinci, or
eaithquake, and that is the excited and aroused indignation
of the whole civilized world.
"'The Avon to the Severn 1 uri*? j
The Severn to the .<ea?
And VViek!itFe'> dust shall spread abroad
Wide ti6 the vvateio be.J,? .
Mr. Speaker, I submit the following resolu-
tions:
Ussolveil, T!ku tins House Las heard with profound sor-
row the announcement of the death of lion. Owen Love-
joy. a meinbei of tin- House liom the fifth concessional
dtstuctof die tfLdte of Illinois.
Resolved, Tnat this Ilou*'1 lenders to tiie widow ar.d rel-
atives oi the deceased tile expiession ot iu deep sympathy
m tins atllietuig bereavement.
Resolved, That the Clers of tins House communicate to
the widow of the deceased a copy ot tiie-c resolutions.
Resolved, That the Speaker appoint a committee ot thiee
to escort the remains of tiie deceased to tile piaee desig-
nated hy ins fiieuds for hi: interment.
Reso!veil? That, as an additional inai k of respect for liie
memory oi tin' deceased, the members of tills iiouso will
weai the, u^al badge of mourning on tile left anil for thiity
days.
Resolved, That acopyof these resolutions be communi-
cated to the Senate; and, as a fui tiier mark of respect, that
this House do now adjourn.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, I tise to
second the lesolutions of my colleague. In the
death of Owen Lovejov we have another evi-
dence of the uncertainty of life. How impres-
sive is the sentence, that man "cometh foith like
a flower, and is cut down; he flt uth also os a
shadow,and continued) not." Well may wesoy
that "111 the midst of life we are 111 death."
Of the private character of the deceased 1 can-
not speak. Of the years that he spent as a citi-
zen of my own State, and of his struggles, I can-
not speak, for my acquaintance with inm dates
fiotn his firs! appeaiance 111 this Hall as a mem-
ber of this House. I have known him from that
time as a fearless and bold advocate of his opin-
ions, not stopping at*any time to inquire whether
they were popular or otherwise, but constantly
pressing oil to the accomplishment of those pur-
poses winch lie thought would best subserve the
interests of hiscountry and his 1 ace. In many of
those opinions I differed from him, and yet lam
glad to be able to say that notwithstanding these
differences,at times, even, when the excitement on
these questions'bseame most fearful, his conduct
toward me was always kind. In our official and
personal intercourse nothingeveroccurred to dis-
turb our personal friendship toward each other.
Mr. LovEJOY.as is known by all bis acquaint-
ances, was a vigorous thinker, and adhered to his
views and opinions with great tenacity, convin-
cing us of the sincerity of his convictions. He
was a man of extensive information, of scholarly
acquirements. Without high forensic powers, he
was always formidable in debate, either in the
forum or before his fellow-citizens. When his
health permitted him, he was asisiduous in the
discharge of all his public, duties. He was sel-
dom found absent from his post. The district
which enjoyed him as their Representative will
necessarily in that regard feel deeply his loss. _
But, alas ! in middle life, in the fullness of his
mental and physical powers, disease came and
laid its hand upon him, and his robust constitu-
tion sank beneath its power. When he last ap-
peared in his seat in this Hall he was but the
shadow of his former self. The last time I met
him on this floor, and expressed the hope that
returning health and vigor would soon enable him
again to participate actively in the business of
the House as a Representative, I remember his
answer; it was, " 1 have been very near to the
portals of death and eternity; 1 feel that I must
soon enter there." And he looked as though he
was expecting and was prepared to meet the
messenger on the pale horse.
He has passed from these Halls. Ilis seat is
now vacant. The place which has known him
shall know him no more forever. Lot us learn
from his death how uncertain is the tenure by
which we hold our own lives, and -how trifling
become earthly honors and earthly powers when
they are brought face to face with death. May
we hy this dispensation be induced to heed that
solemn warning, " Be ye also ready."
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, a few words
shall suffice for me, for the deceased filled so large
a space in the public eye that nothing which can
be said here can give the House or the people
any better idea of his character and principles.
So clear was his perception and so forcible his
diction that no hearer could misunderstand his
meaning.
He had a ripe education, and was well versed
in classic and modern literature.
.Educated for the pulpit, his scriptural knowl-
edge, judiciously used, gave force and elevation
to his argument.
While he took a deep interest in everything
that affected the public welfare, his whole heart
and soul were alive to the great cause of human
freedom.
He was not afraid to defend the rights of the in-
jured and oppressed of every race, 111 this House,
'nor ashamed to unite with them in worship and
kneel at the same altar.
The change to him is great gain. The only
regret we eaii feel is that he did not live to see the
salvation of his country; to see peace and Union
restored, and universal emancipation given to his
native land. But such are the ways of Provi-
dence. Moses was not permitted to enter (he
promised^laiid with those he had led out of bond-
age; he beheld it from alar off, and slept with
Ins fathers.
If his hatred of slavery sometimes seemed too
intense, it must be remembered that in early life
he saw a beloved brother murdered by the north-
ern minions of that infamous institution. No
wonder that it deepened his detestation of it, and
gave unwonted vigor to his anathemas.
We are permitted to linger yet a little while in
this iand of error and of pain, while he is called
to join the assembled throng of "just men made
perfect."
The deceased has left among the archives of
his country the most solid testimonials of his vir-
tue and courage. He needs no penshable mon-
ument of brass or marble to perpetuate his name.
So long as the Eng'ish language shall be spoken
or deciphered, ^o long as liberty shall have a
worshiper, his name will be knov.n.
Aloses was buried in the land of tiie stranger,
and 11 no man knoweth of his sepulcher unto this
day," but his name is immortal.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Spedfceir'TtisfioW
nearly twenty years since 1 first became acquaint-
ed with Owen Lovejoy. Attest time there were
gathered together in a'little church, in the town
where I still reside, a few friends.o{ freedom.
They camefrom different parts of a large-district,
embracing nearly the whole northeastern quar-
ter of the State of Illinois, for tKe purpose of tak-
ing counsel together and determining what action
duty demanded of them toward their couritry and
toward the slave. Texas had then recently been
annexed, and the slave power thereby largely
augmented. This it was there and thenprophe-
sied would prove a Pandora's box from which
would spring all manner of ills to tiie country.
There were not many at that convention, yet
it embraced nearly.all of the professed "anti-
slavery" or " liberty"-men m many of the
towns and counties of that district. At that meet-
ing a "liberty party" was organized, and Owen ,
Lovejot was nominated as our candidate for
Congress. It was there I first met him; sinie
then we have been friends; as all, I think, have
been who formed that little band of brothers. ' It
seemed a foolish thing to the masses and a very
absurd thing to the politicians of that day thtisto
cut loose torn the great political parties, witho'tit
the faintest hope of electing or even getting votes
enough to make the poll respectable; and marly
were the jeers of derision at the party and its Can-
didate. indeed.it seemed a forlorn hope—
"Forlorn, forlorn,
Bearing the s*porn
Of tiie meanest of mankind."
To "canvass" and " stump" the district was
the custom of the country, and expected of the
candidates, and, though it required much nefve to
face the mobs, all over that large district was the
clarion voice of Lovejov heard; by his electri-
fying and earnest eloquence conquering, if not
the convictions of the people, at least their re-
spect and admiration. He had caught an inspira-
tion from the eloquent wounds of a martyred
brother murdered by the accursed spirit of "sla-
very; and over his mangled corpse had registered
a covenant with his God of eternal hostility to
that fell demon; and from that day to the hour of
his death steadfastly and well has he "kept the
faith." Noblyand valiantly has he "foughtthe
goodiight." No sturdier blows have been struck
than his, and no more eloquent voice, I may truly
say, has been heard the nation over in arousing
the people to a sense of the cruel injustice and .
evil effects of slavery; and yet never, from the
time we met in the little church to his expiring
breath, did he teach the violation of-asingle pro-
vision or word of the Constitution of his coun-
try.
As a public speaker the deceased had no supe-
rior. Possessing in a most remarkable degree
that electric power which brings an audience into
harmony and sympathy with the speaker, with
his fine and self-possessed presence, his clear,
ringing voice, his distinct but earnest utterances,
his vivid and fascinating imagery, and, above all,
that manner which shows the soul of the speaker
in his words, he held his hearers spell-bound, or
moved them at his will.
He was a bold man; brave in the sense of true
heroism. This is an age and a nation of brave
men; but it is not every man who faces the can-
non, the Minic, or the charge, that is truly brave.
Pride may keep him up—he may be afraid to be
a coward.
My deceased colleague was never afraid to do
right, to espouse the side of the despised, to face
the hissing, jeering world, to make "himself of
110 reputation," as did his Master, for truth's
sake.
On one occasion, indicted by a grand jury for
I giving food and raiment to a poor woman who
came, footsore and starving, to his door, on her
weary way from a land of chains to a land of
| freedom, he faced court, jury, bar, and wit-
nesses, and against their statutes and their spe-
cial pleading beat them .with the righteousness
of his act.
At an other time he faced an armed and threaten-
ing mob who had seized and bound a man wiiose
only crime was a dark skirl, cut his letters and
" let the oppiessetl go free," while the mob, awe-
struck by his presence and determined manner,
slunk away ih silence.
He had faith in truth, and never doubted it*
