1328
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Marcli 28.
final triumph. He believed, as a poet phrases it,
that
" Never a truth has been destroyed;
You may curse it and cail it crime,
Perveit and betray, ami slander and slay
It-s teachers for a tim^;
But the truth shall ttiumph at the last
As round and round we run,
And evei thc«wrong shall be proved to be wrong,
And ever shall justice be done."
We entered this House together six years ago,
and he continued a member of it until his decease.
During the four years in which I was a member
with him our districts were adjoining, and well
do I kuow that never did a constituency have
fuller confidence in or love a member more than
his. As a legislator he was ever attentive to the
wants and interests, of his constituents, while he
never lost sight of the greatand paramountinter-
ests of the whole country.
In a sti uggle such as this nation is now engaged
in none need be told how Lovejoy would stand.
For such as he Ukuo could be but the one course:
fai thful,de term i ned, eneigetic support of the cause
of freedom and the Union. And there lie was.
It is a pity ho ;ou!d not have lived to see the term-
ination of this struggle and the final end of* that
great curse which was and is the caus^of it. But,
thank God, he did live to see his faith adopted
by the popular heart, and to witness the death-
throes of the institution he had so long and nobly
battled. Well has lie avenged the murder of the
martyred brothei, who may have watched and
waited for this meeting.
But, Mr. Speaker, 1 arose not to give a biog-
raphy of my deceased colleague, only to pay a
brief tribute to his memory.
It is said that all men have their faults as well
as virtues; that lie may have had them is doubt-
less true, but his values so much more abounded
and so o\;itopped his faults that they were sel-
dom seen or mentioned. An affectionate and de-
voted husband, a kind and indulgent fat Inn*, a good
neighbor, an oxemplaiy and consistent Christian
minister, a lover and praetioer of justice, and a
friend of the weak and oppiossrd/
The poor at his door were never turned empty
away; the quivering fugitive from the lash of a
cruel overseer was ted and clothed by him, pointed
tothe noilhslar, and sent " onhis way rejoicing."
May it, not bo said to his good spirit, Come, ye
blessed o| my Father; for I was hungry, and ye
gave me meat; thnaty, and ye gave me drink;
naked, and ye clothed trie; sick and in prison, and
ye came unto me; for masmueh as ye did it unto
one of the least of these, ye did it unto me?
Mr. PKN DJLETO N. Mr.Sponlcor, after friends
and relatives have strewed with fresh-blown flow-
ers the new-made and still open grave, it is per-
mitted to acquaintances and even to strangers to
approach the narrow tenement where lies vviapped
in the cold embrace of death the human fo^m,
lately all instinct with the impulses of vigorous
life. It is a custom which has grown up in tender
consideration of our frail humanity. It enables
the living to pay a silent and therefore honest
tribute to the qualities of the departed. It ena-
bles the dead at the last hour of their stay on
caitli, even though unconsciously, to do that
which might well consummate the perfect woik
ot a useful life: to point the living to thatgrave to
which we are all hastening. So now, sir, after
these inends have strewn this bier with roses,
made flagrant by their affections, I, comparatively
u stranger, approach thismystriy of death to pay
my tribute and to receive my admonition. I have
mved with Mr. Lovkjoy since he first entered
Congress. I never met him oft"this floor; 1 never
met him in social life. I differed radically with
ail of Ins opinions on public affaiis. I cannot
speak of his personal qualities; I cannot follow
him into the eiiele of his friends; I cannot fol-
low him into the more sacred circle of domestic
hfe. Sir, I knew him upon the arena of this floor;
and here I knew him well. I had seen him in
all the vicissitudes of political life; 1 had seenhim
when his party upon this floor was in a great mi-
nority, and h" the leader of the smallest section of
that party. I had seen him when parties wire
so nearly equally divided that after two.months'
stormy struggle we. were unable to electa Speaker;
and i saw him afterwards, when his party was
largely in the majority, and where he, with a few
active friends, led the van in exploring those path-
ways which his party was destined so soon to
tread.
He was a prompt and ready debater. He was
an active and vigorous thinker. He was a brave
and bold apostle of the faith which he held. What
he said he thought; what he thought he seemed
to believe in the innermost recesses of his soul.
What he believed he uttered, and what he uttered
he was prepared at all times to defend, with all the
powers that God had given him. He seemed to be
overcome by the strength of his convictions. He
was too intense to be always fair; he was too ar-
dent to be always just; he was too thoroughly
convinced of his own opinions to be always cor-
rect; but it was the very strength of his convic-
tions which made him self-reliant and self-confi-
dent; and it was his entire self-relianee which
made him always logical m his positions; always
candid, frank, outspoken in their expression, and
bold, determined, zealous, and constant in their
defense.
Sir, this is the tribute which I would lay upon
this bier. We saw him in the caily portion of
this session apparently with the piospect of a
long life; soon we heard that he was upon a bed of
sickness; then we saw what I think has never been
seen before in this House: an absent member,
sick upon his bed, sent his aigument on a ques-
tion of pending legislation, which by the consent
of the House was read from the Cleik's desk.
A little while moie, and we saw him upon the
floor of this House, convalescing, as many hoped,
to a long and vigorous life. And stil! a little while,
and we are called to follow him to the daik and
silent tomb. Sir, let us do it so thoughtfully,so
solemnly, so leyerently, that even m this dm of
life, in the secret recesses of the heart of each one
of us may be heard the echoes of the voice of his
disembodied spirit,as it comes to us through the
portals of the eternal woild, " Be ye also muly:
loi m such an hour as ye think not, the Son of
man cometh,"
Mr. 1'IKK. Mr. Speaker, there are moments
when we are arrested by the stern grasp of the
thought that, in the purposes of the Almighty,
man is as nothing. The eai nest worker, the brave
fighter, the strong thinker m the ripeness of his
years and the fullness of his powers, is stricken
upon the field of his labor where his work seems
but half done. lie depaits and the earth knows
him no more, but the work of God goes on.
We take satisfaction from this thought as we
pause beside this open grave, and, missing our
friend and brother, look back to see what he has
done to link his life with ideas that are etern'al,
how he wrought his life-work, how he endured
its burdens, how brave he was, how cheerful, how
hopeful when the skies wei e dai kand the tempest
threatened, and how firmly and calmly he met the
shock when the supreme moment came and an-
archy made its dagger-thrust at the nation's life.
I speak of this who from my boyhood knew
him well. Owen Lovejoy was a native of Maine;
born, reared almost within the shadow of those
mountains where a stern granite face looking out
from the cliff, immovable amid the rage of the ele-
ments, unchanged by the changing seasons or the
sweep of years, seems like Heaven's impress set
upon New England character. The stock he came
of had met the dangeis of the wilderness and of
war. They could take firm hold of an idea. They
could govern their livey by a conviction. They
could die for a faith. No wonder, then, this man,
with his large heait and busy brain, his strength
of will and energy of purpose, when he left New
England for his western home at once took rank
among the men of influence who swayed the minds
of other men and were looked to as the exponents
of their thought and feeling. The sympathy and
interest of his native State followed him to that
home not very remote fiom the spot wheic his
brother's life had been sacrificed in vindicating
free speech and a free press. Those he left be-
hind looked to see u hat he would do. If any man
could fear and falter and temporize in upholding
an unpopular cause, certainly he might after so
terrible an example of what the dominant power
could do. But he did neither. Going to Illinois
to preach, he never forgot to denounce the great
crime of the nation, and that without stint. JN'o
doubt his words had a laige influence in produ- j
cing the change of public sentiment which called I
him from the pulpit to the halls of legislation. j
It was the beginning of the time of transition.
The seed which had been sown in obscure places,
and had grown almost unknown, was beginning
to put forth fruit for the harvest. Not only con-
science and religion were protesting against the
wrongs of slaveuy, but ari enlightened common
sense was teaching the people that in denying the
rights of others they were losing their own. The
encroachments of the slave power became men-
acing, and Mr. Lovejoy was the champion sent
from his district to the Thirty-Fifth Congress to
protest and oppose. How well he did both you
know; and the multitudes that mourn him to-day
through the length and breadth of the loyal States
do not need that I should tell. By word and deed,
by keen wit and sharp logic, by eloquent pathos
and most scathing denunciation he made his pres-
ence felt here as few have been felt, and sent his
words like a trumpet-blast to stir the hearts of
those outside these walls. And he was singu-
larly happy that beginning amid so much oppo-
sition and contempt he lived to see the monstrous
wrong against which he had vowed ceaseless war-
fare humbled and wounded to death.
I think it must have been worth years of com-
mon life to stand in this Hall as he did on the mem-
orable occasion referred to by his colleague, [Mr.
Washburnf.,] after having repeatedly endured
the insults and felt the oppression exercised against
those who battled for freedom and the right of
fiee speech; to stand heie, with the consciousness
of power, and say as he said to those who vainly
attempted to silence him, " You shall hear me. I
will speak. I stand here to say what I have to
say about the great crime of the nation. 1 will
not yield the floor." Those who saw the determ-
ined face, the compact, erect form, and the up-
lifted hand, motionless lor five minutes amid the
turmoil of opposing voice, well know the earnest-
ness of the declaration and the stern will that
uudeilay it.
That strength of will might sometimes make
him seem impracticable, but it was governed by
honest purposes and a high sense of duty and
balanced by a sensitive nature full of noble im-
pulses.
He was no mere theorist laying the burdens of
charity on other men's shoulders. His kindness
of heart never wearied of the obligations imposed
by the position he occupied. Philanthropists are
said to become chilled and soured in their struggle
to leform mankind, but lie kept his warm sym-
pathies and his genial nature through all the dis-
courngcmcnts of the past and the perplexities of
these ill-jointed times. This and his quick per-
ceptions and keen zest of mirth made him a de-
lightful companion for social hours, while his
fii ni faith in God enabled him to speak words of
cheer to sustain the despondent and sorrowing.
Bitterly, painfully must his loss be felt m the
home he has left and the cucle of those nearest to
him. The benedictions that cluster round his
lifeless form, the thrill of gi'ief that ran through
many hearts in many homes when the news of
his death came, are the best tribute to the mem-
ory of a good man gone to his re ward—of a brave
man who fought the battle of life well, and won
a victor's crown.
Sir, his place is henceforth amid the glorious
activities of other spheres, but the sacred work
to which he devoted himself is still unfinished.
The burden he has laid down other hands must
take up.
,c Blather* and eomiade^, on you it is failing.
On you the pioud voice of \oui country !•> calling,
While the lot of the balance is ticmbling n  high."
Mr, NORTON. Mr. Speaker, it is not my
purpose to occupy more than a moment or two
of the brief space allotted to these mournful pro-
ceedings. To what has been so fittingly and so
feelingly said by those who have preceded me
1 cannot hope to add anything. Yet I cannot al-
low the occasion to pass without offering a brief
tribute to the memoiy of my distinguished col-
league.
"Death," it is said, Mr. Speaker, {i loves a
shining mark;" and if tins be so,smely his insa-
tiate ciavmgs have been fully gratified in the in-
stance before us. Owes Lo\ejoy was no com-
mon man. In the State ot his adoption he had
built up a reputation in the hearts of the people
which will be chcnshed long after his ashes shall
havemoldered back to theirmotherearth. There
