1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
kept on hand for the purpose of being fed by the
products of the distillery.
At a meeting of gentlemen in the State of New
York whose interests are involved in this manu-
facture to a very large extent, men who are ready
to sustain this Government in all its measures to
put down this rebellion, men who are ready to
meet their full burden of taxation, and in what-
ever shape it may come, they appealed to Con-
gress to protect them against the effect of any act
which shall not give them time to dispose of their
property and to adjust their interests to the new
condition of things.
I have learned Irom many of these gentlemen,
respectable and reliable men, that when the origi-
nal act was passed imposing a tax of twenty cents
per gallon, almost every-distillery in the State of
New Yoik was suspended by that act for a pe-
riod of nearly six months, and that they have
made no profit and derived no benefit from the
business, except that in view of the new duty to
be imposed upon this production the market was
stimulated by speculation.
Now, sir, speculation has put up the price of
this spirit, and these men who have these large
investments on hand—thousands and millions of
bushels of grain—have also their stock, cattle, and
hogs, and they appiehend that if this measure be
passed speedily, and this tax be imposed upon
them without giving them an opportunity to ad-
just their business, they will have to make very
heavy sacrifices, which they are quite unable to
bear.
Now, I doubt the policy, in any act of this
character, of putting it m force without full and
fair notice to the country at large, and, at this
time, I doubt the policy and expediency or the
justice of saying that this actshali go into opeia-
tion to-day, 01 that it shall go into operation on
the 12th day of January, 1864, when this is the
only measure which has been before this House
on the subject of internal revenue. Taxes, sir,
should be uniform, and I take it that it js not the
policy of this Government to lay *i heavy hafld
upon any one interest, butso to adjust its revenue
measures that every industrial puisuit and vo-
cation shall bear its fair and equitable, and only
its fair and equitable, propoition of the public
burden.
Now, sir, if the 1st day of March next l t; fixed,
as my amendment proposes, a portion of the in-
tervening time wiH be consumed before this bill
becomes a law, and we shall give these men and
these interests fair notice; we shall gne them an
opportunity of adjusting then business and inn- ;
mng out this stock which they might otherwise i
not be able to dispose of except at a ruinous sac-
rifice, a£ul a great interest in this country will be ;
protected.
Mr. PIKE. I do not understand the theoiy of
taxation to be as the gentleman fiom 1\ nnsyi vania
states it, which is that when a tax js imposed it
is in the nature of a contract that an additional
tax shall not, be imposed upon the same arlic-k1.
I undeistand the theory of taxation to be simply
tins, that the Government takes as much as its
necessities for the time require, and the only con-
tract about it is, that it will go no further and take
no more than its necessities require. That being
the theory, the simple question m this eat,c is, do 1
the necessities of the Government lerjuiiu us to '
procure this sum of money from taxation on this
aitiele?
Mr. STEVENS. I raise the pointnforder that |
the gentleman from Maine is not speaking to tin.
amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. Thegentlemanfrom Maine ■
will confine his remarks to opposing the amend- _
ment.
Mr. PIKE. It is calculated that there are from
twenty-live to thirty million gallons of spirits on
which this amendment will opeuUe,ana whi«,h
will produce a i e\enue of from ten to twelve mil- :
lion dollars, and which the Government will not
obtain if this tax be made prospective. That is
an important consideration; and thp question be-
fore the committee now is whether it will vote in
the amendment in order to obtain this revenue.
Mr. Chairman, as the action of last Congress ,
has been referred to, I want to say a word about
it. At last Congress we made the internal rev-
enue hill simply prospective. There was a dis-
cussion then as to whether it should not be made ;
retroactive. I voted at that time in favor of i
taxing the stock on hand, and that proposition
was carried in Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. But it was subsequently de-
feated in the House. But mark the ground on
which it was defeated. There were two reasons
alleged against it. One was the difficulty of.col-
lection. We had no internal revenue officers ap-
pointed at that time. The bill which laid the tax
provided for the appointment of a large number
of officers. Of course delay would occur from
the time of the passage of the law until its ma-
chinery should be putm operation. That objec-
tion does not apply to this measure. We have
the full machine! y now in operation, and of course
the revenue officers can gather up all the neces-
sary statistics on which to assess and collect this
tax. The other reason then assigned was, that
the revenue derived from the bill would amount
to £150,000,000; besides §100,000,000 which it
was supposed would be derived from customs on
imports, and that this revenue would be sufficient
for wants which were regarded as temporal y.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to correctthegentle-
man from Maine on that point. The Committee
of Ways and Means made no estimate over
§100,-000,000.
Mr. PiKE. I do not recollect the precise esti-
mate of the Committee of Ways and Means. I
did not share the expectations that 1 speak of, but
I know they were very general among the mem-
bersof the House with whom I conversed. These
expectations were that the revenue would amount
at least to ^250,000,000.
Now, Mr. Chairman, both these reasons which
influenced the action ot the last H ouse do not ap-
ply to our present action. The Lord knows our
necessities oblige us, for the present mid the fu-
ture, to obtain as much revenue as we can; and
wu know that the present law does not yield suf-
ficient revenue, and that we shall be obliged to
iaise more wherever we ran. I am,therefore, in
favor of the extremist taxation, stopping short
only of that which shall be synonymous with op-
pression.
The question was taken on the amendment to
the amendment, and it was rejected.
Mr. PENDLETON. I move to amend the
amendment of the gentleman fiom NewYoik,
[Mi. Fluxaxdo Wood,] by sO iking out all which
he proposes to msei t. The amendment which he
offered proposes, as I understand, to stnke out
all after the wmd provided" in the nineteenth
fine, and to insert what he ofTeis. I move as an
amendment to his amendment, to strike out all
\v Inch lie propo.-.es to nisei t. The effect ot it will
be to strike out fiom the text of the original bill
the last piov iso in if, and the effect of that will be
to place the tax recommended by the Committee
of Ways and Means only on such stock of liquors
a* may be distilled after the 12th day of the cur-
lent month. 1 wish gentlemen to undeistand that
the object of my amendment is to bring the com-
mittee mimedianly to a vote on the question
vvhethei or not it will tax the stock of liquor on
hand at the time the bill was reported at the rate
preset ibed in the bill itself.
I am instructed by the Committee of Ways and
Minns to offer this amendment because the com-
mittee thinks that it caiues out moie fully than
the present bill the idea which it has in its mmd,
and which is to make the new rate of taxation
operative only on such stocks as shall be created
alter that time. The committee was anxious to
avoid imposing the additional tax on storks of
spints which had been distilled piior to the I2lh
of this month. The committee desires to carry
out the principle of tin; lav/ adopted in the last
Congress, v. hich was that the tax should be niade
opeiative only in the futuie. 1 have been in-
structed to offer this amendment, and I design to
follow it un, if successful, by another still further
to pel feet the bill.
1 shall not aigue the question which is sub-
mitfed to this committee, and which has been
already aigued, but 1 want to putit to the gentle- |
men m a practical foim. When we come to that
portion of the hill as rcpoited by the Committee !
of Ways and Means which imposes an additional ;
duty upon cotton manufactures 1 want to know ,
if gentlemen will carry out the same principle !
and impose the same additional tax on all cotton ;
goods on hand; for to be consistent, if the prin- ■
eiple of the amendment of the gentleman from 1
New York be adopted it must apply to all the ;
goods on hand of every description the tax on
which is to be increased by this bill. I wantgen*
tlemen to understand that the principle must-run
through all their legislation if it is1 adopted; that
it cannot be applied to a single article of manu-
facture and excluded from others* If an increased
tax is to be imposed upon spirits manufactured,
it must also apply to cotton, to petroleum,and to
every other article mentioned in the bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
desire to interrupt the gentleman, but I believe
he is speaking to no amendment.
Mr. PENDLETON. I beg the gentleman's
pardon. I have submitted an amendment to the
amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair was about to
remark that the proposition ofthegentlemanfrom
Ohio cannot properly be entertained as an amend-
ment.
Mr. PENDLETON. My motion is to amend
the amendment of the gentleman from New York
by striking out what the gentleman proposes to
insert.
The CHAIRMAN. The proposition ofthegen-
tlcman from Ohio is merely the negative of the
amendment of the gentleman from New York.
Mr. PENDLETON. Do I understand, then,
that my amendment is ruled out of order?
The CHAI'RMAN. The Chairdecides that the
proposition of the gentleman is no amendment.
Mr. ICASSON. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from New York by strik-
ing out the last three words; and I do it for the
purpose of submitting a remark or two upon the
question now before the committee.
1 remark, incidentally, that I do not quite con-
cur with the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr Pendle-
ton*,] who is usually very accurate in his recol-
lection, in respect to the conclusions reached by
the Committee of Ways and Means.
But in respect to the question now submitted, I
find that some gentlemen seem to belaboring un-
der the impression that there is m the proposition
of the gentleman from New York [Mr. Fernando
Wood] submitted yesterday to the House, a nov-
elty which is a violation of a just principle of
{ legislation. But I claim distinctly thatCongresslms
the right to regulate its iogislalion, imposing taxes
accordingto the necessities of the public Treasury,
and according to the conditions of commerce in
respect to the articles to be affected by the tax.
The duty is to be advanced or diminished as the
revenue reqniies, and as it may affect favorably
or unfavorably the trade m the article upon which
it is imposed. It is the light exercised by all
Governments,everywhere,and all transactions of
commeice aie subject to it.
The amount of the tax varies fiom year to year.
The history of British legislation on tho subject
of distilled spirits may be cited in proof of this.
Their tables, which I have examined, show that
they commenced in 1791 with a tax of thiee shil-
lings and fourpence per gallon, steadily increased
until it reached nearly twelve shillings, and then
falhngback to seven shillings, and up again to ten
shillings, where it now stands, ($242.) 1 have not
been able to find the rate ptevniling in 1842, when
the icvenue fiom this source reached <£5,173,000;
but the last previous late shown in the tables ex-
amined was seven shillings and sixpence ($185)
per gallop. From this amount of revenue the
'! sum realized in 1661 from a rate of ten shillings
j per gallon ($2 42) rose to °C9,225,000, and at the
i same rate in 1862 to =£9,018,000. The English
system makes a distinction between spirits used
as a beverage and spints used for mechanical and
:j manufaetuimg purposes. Thelattei not taxed;
,1 but under insulations established by law is methy-
m lated or odotized in a manner which effectually
! pieventsits use as a beverage. Now, sir, it is evi-
' dent that tiie temptation to consumption of spir-
! its in England is identical with that in the United
States. Yet underasystem of constantly increas-
1 ing taxation the revenue has been increased and
the consumption not diminished. This is suffi-
cient to show that we do not stop the source of
; the revenue by increasing the rate, as has been
' claimed by gentlemen demanding a leduction of
1 the proposed rate. 1 have seen a statement show-
1 mg the amount of money realized at retail from
the sale of a gallon of whisky. My friend from
Illinois, [Mi. Lot i:joy,] who represents a large
; distilling interest, knows that the usual price paid
; for a dunk is ten ccnts.
