'2-84
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20,
Mr. LOVEJOY. We pay only six cents where
I live.
Mr. KASSON. Well, sir, computed at five
cents a drink, a gallon of whisky yields between
six and seven dollars. The price is now nearly a
dollar a gallon at wholesale—certainly a large mar-
gin for profit. This rate of sixty cents, there-
fore, would be about three and one third mills on
a glass. This of course cannot change the price
at the small retailer'#, ashas been claimed.
In farther proof that there is no novelty of legis-
lation in imposing a tax on the stock on hand, I
cite an actof Parliament, passed in August, 1860,
-now in my hand, which imposed one rate to take
effect on the previous 29th of February, and an-
other rate to be applied again from the 17th of
July of the same year. In the last section of the
act it makes special provision for the case of time
contracts, contracts for future delivery, requiring
the tax in such case to be paid by the purchaser.
It reads as follows:
<vAnd whereas contracts or agreements may have been
made foi the sale or delivery of somcoi the sjoods or com-
modities on which increased or additional duties of excise
nieby this act granted and imposed, which contracts oi
agreements may have been made with no reference to such
additional duties, and thereby the several contractors may
be materially affected; lor leniedv thereof be it enacted,
that eveiy person who s>hall have made or entered into any
such contract or agreement, shall be, and is hereby, author-
ized and empowered, m the case of any such contiaet or
agreement, fo add so much money as will be equivalent to
1 lie meic.ised or additional duty hrrrby granted on such
goods oi commodities respectively to the puce thereof, and
shall be entitled by virtue of this aet to be paid and to sue
and recover the same accordingly."
These facts show conclusively that no novelty
is involved in the amendment, and that contracts
for future delivery can be provided for, and that
the rate is a very moderate duty.
Now, sir, what is the effect of this increased
duty upon spirits on the distiller if you fail to
adopt the principle of legislation proposed by tin*
gentleman from New York ? A large accumulated
stock is on hand. You add by this section of the
bill an increased tax of forty cents per gallon upon
all spirits to he hereafter manufactured; and until
that accumulated stock isexhausted, you shut up
every distillery in the countiy, because you sup-
ply to the holder of stock on hand a maigin of
forty cents per gallon profit, on which the holder
of this accumulated stock, or the forestaller, may
prevent a gallon from being manufactured, or a
gallon manufactured from being put into the mar-
ket, unless he may see fit to hold back until the
price reaches a point at which it can bo manufac-
tured. The speculator, with this margin, keeps
the new product of the distiller from the market,
until the accumulated stock is consumed, and
shuts the distillery for six oi nine months, dur-
ing which no new product is created as the basis
of a revenue. Not only is the proposition as con-
tained m the original bill a gross injustice to the
distillei, in effect shutting up every distillery in
the country, or leaving the distiller at the mercy
of the speculator, but you cut offall revenue from
this source until the stock on hand shall be ex-
hausted.
Theie is no difficulty, therefore, in this amend-
ment in point of law, norm respect to its justice
and expediency as a measure of revenue. The
proposition of the bill, without the amendment,
will operate as a gross injustice and hardship to
the distiller, and mure exclusively to the benefit
of the speculator. I ask the House to examine
this with more care, injustice is done to the Gov-
ernment and to the manufacturer by the original
bill. Equalizing the price of the article in what-
ever hands it may be will do injustice to nobody.
I am in favor of the amendment, therefore, as re-
quired by the principle of justice, and necessary
to the levenues of the Govt rnment.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. Mr.Chairman, the
closing remarks of the gentleman who has just
taken his seat assert the ground upon which my
amendment was proposed—to do justice, to es-
tablish an equitable principle, and to produce a
revenue; and I am surprised that the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means, [Mr. Ste-
vens,] a committee raised for the purpose of pro-
viding revenue for the Government, should rise
here and oppose a pioposil >on the effect of which
will increase our revenue from ten to fifteen mil-
lion dollars a year—a proposition that is legal,
that has the benefit of precedent, that is" intended
to discriminate in favor of no particular class, that
bears equally upon all classes, and that provides
against any possible evasion of this proposed
tax by any class of individuals wljo have antici-
pated the action of the Government. Gentlemen
seem to have gone upon the idea that there is no
Congress of the United States, and that the decla-
ration of a subordinate officer was law involving
millions of dollars of property. It seems to be the
presumption that any duty may be fixed by them
—that we are expected to carry out what subor-
dinate officers of the Government may determine
upon in advance. I want those gentlemen to un-
derstand that the Congress of the United States
does the legislation for the United States; that it
is only sufficient for the Secretary of theTreasury
and the Commissioner of Internal Revenue to rec-
ommend, and that it is necessary for those recom-
mendations to be ratified by this Congress.
When we propose in the discharge of our duty
an amendment to this bill, the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means tells us that we
must vote down every amendment offered, be-
cause, forsooth, an amendment of the Committee
of Ways and Means must be passed, and the only
argument add uccd is that a certain portion of liquor
has been marked by the Government. Gentlemen
can dispose ofthat,anditis unnecessary forme to
refer to it. I only say that if we desire revenue,
and if we desire to collect it equitably and fairly,
if we wish to discharge our duty in relation to
whisky, we should say whattheduty shall be,and
prevent monopoly and an effort to forestall to
the detriment of the honest dealer by those who
mouse around the Departments, and obtain in-
formation which is denied to others. We desire
only that revenue shall be equalized upon all 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KASSON, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to strike out the last
word of the pending amendment.
Mr. Chairman, if the thing can be done, I hope
that the ingenious gentleman who proposed itwill
tell the House how it can be done. Our expe-
rience is the reverse. We collected a duty on only
about thirty-two million gallons up to the 1st of
October. 1 think that the ingenuity of the gentle-
man here would be much better expended m show-
ing how we can collect the duties that we actually
levy, rather than in increasing them. 1 do not
know that it is a great matter so far as the principle
is involved, for we have violated it in regard to this
article of property by levying a tax upon itof three
hundred per cent, of its value, while on other arti-
cles we levy only three per cent. We should ob-
serve some symmetry and some rule in our legis-
lation. If you undertake to collect a tax upon,
aiticles already manufactured, why shall we nol
go into New York and any other city or place
where they have imported foreign liquors and levy
and collect a duty upon them? We enhance the
value as much upon loreigti importations as we do
that of the domestic article.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. Let me ask the
gentleman a question.
x\lr. MORRILL. 1 have only five minutes, and
I cannot yield to the gentleman.
Mr. Chaiiman, if we are to lay down the prin-
ciple that we are to collect duty upon a few manu-
factures on the retroactive principle, 1 ttike it to be
an insti uction, u hen the Committee of Ways and
Means act in futme on matters of general revenue,
that they shall carry it out. Why not? Is not
there as much justice m collecting tax on the manu-
facture of tobacco orcigars or petroleum or of cot-
ton and woolen goods as upon anything else? If
the idea of the gentleman fiom Maine [Sir. Pikk]
is to be adopted, that we are to levy tax because we
want it, without observing any principle of justice,
the n we (.an come to that question. But 1 do not
believe that the interests, of the Government have
yet reached a poi'nt where we are not required to
follow any principle of justice at ail. IJut I do
believe that we can perfect the law so that we ran
collect much moie i evenue than we have received;
and to that point, and to that mainly, I think the
committee wish this House to bestow its atten-
tion .
Mr. PIKE. I rise for the purpose of giving to
the committee some statistics which I received this
morning in the shape of aciicular fiom the chief
gram exportsp* at Chicago. I had supposed thnt
all the members had leeeived a similar one; buton
inquiry I find they have not. Some of the state-
ments are very inipoitant, and I wish to call the
attention of the committee to them for a few mo-
ments. It is stated that the capacity of the dis-
tilleries to produce liquors, which has been very
much enlarged of late, and is now quickened to
its utmost limits, is two million three hundred
and sixty-six thousand gallons a day; <hat this
branch of manufacture has been so largely exer-
cised, m view of the probable tax to be imposed
at this session, that the amount now on hand is
equivalent to one year's consumption. Heie is
the statement:
" Since the reportof the Committee of Ways and Means
of January 12, it is conceded by the distillers "that the stock
on hand is equivalent to one year's consumption, and that
all the distiileues will uin hereafter to alcohol, on which the
Government receives no taxes, and the result will be equal
to the stoppage of all the distilleiies. The distillers claim,
if they stop, corfa will decline from forty to fifty cents per
bushel."
The same result will obtain ns that spoken ot
by the gentleman from New York, when in last
Congress we imposed a tax of twenty cents upon
a gallon of whisky, and did not tax that on hand
—all the distilleries stopped until the stock on
hand was consumed. That result would follow
in this case, only that in this case the amount on
hand is so much enlarged that we should have to
wait formonths, until nearly the expiration of the
year, before we should begin to receive any addi-
tional tax. That, in my judgment, foims a very
strong reason why we should not give away this
ten or twelve million dollars which we have now
the legal right to assess upon a class of people
abundantly able to pay it.
Mr. MORRILL withdrew his amendment.
Mr. ALLEY. 1 move to amend the amendment
ofthegcntleman from NcwYoik [Mr. Fernando
Wood] by striking out the last woul.
I move the amendment for the purpose of en-
abling me to say a single woul upon this matter.
I am strongly inclined, as the gentlemen compos-
ing the Committee of Way sand Means well know,
to follow not only their lead in ail matters which
have come befoie the committee and received their
investigation, but also to follow the lead of all
committeesof this House who have given to sub-
jects which come before them thatattention which
they deserve. I have listened with a great deal of
inteiest to the aiguments of gentlemen who have
answered those which came from gentlemen on
the othersule of the House in favor of the amend-
ment proposed by the gentleman from New York.
They have failed to convince me tlmtthere is any
force whatever in their reasons.
Some gentlemen upon this side of the House
have spoken of the amount involved as being ten
or twelve million dollars. From the investigation
I have given it, and from all the statistics 1 have
seen, 1 believe this additional tax will involve ail
amountof from twenty to twenty-five million dol-
lars upon the stock now on hand.
What is the practical result of the proposition
of the Committee of Ways and Means? It is
practically to tax the people twenty or twenty-
j#Ve millions and put it into the hands of specula-
tors. On the other hand, what is the piaciical
effect of the proposition of the gentleman from
New York? It is to take twenty or twenty-five
millions out of the people and put it into tho hands
of the Government. It is that, and it is nothing
else; and in that view I certainly think it com-
mends itself to the sense and justice of every per-
son who has examined fully the subject. And I
must say I am astonished at the argument of the
Committee of Ways and Means. The gentleman
from Vei mont [Mr. Morrill] has just stated that
a duty on only about thirty-two million gallons
was collected previous to October, and therefoie
he argues that if this tax is put upon the piesent
stock it will be impossible to collect it.
Now, Mr. Chaiiman, I infer from that fact just
the opposite. 1 believe that in consequence of the
exemption of the stock on hand at the time of the
passage of the original bill, that and that alone
was the reason why we have had a tax collected
upon only thirty-two million gallons. If that
exemption had not been in the bill, 1 believe that
the tax upon that, as upon many other articles,
would have been vastly more than it was, and
that is a reason, in my judgment, so far as ithas
any effect at ail, for puuinga tax upon all the stock
now on hand.
Mt. MORRILL. Mr. Chairman, I believe it
is sound policy at the present time that we should
so levy our taxes that the people will cheerfully
