1330
THE- CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March
agreeable* He was at all times the Christian
gentleman.
One of his colleagues who had long known him
in both public and private life, and who is his
political opponent, said to me last night that
Owen Lovejoy was an honest man. In any age
of the world this were high praise; but in these
degenerate times, when "peculation and fiaud
abound, when the whole nation seems demoral-
ized, such a reputation is of priceless worth.
Happy will it be for us who survive him, if when
our earthly work is done the same record shall be
ours.
Our friend has closed his earthly career. His
brief days of life have suddenly ended. We shall
no more hear in this Hall his clear, ringing voice,
m words of more than ordinary power and elo-
quence; we shall never again look upon his ro-
bust and manly person.
In relation to the closing scenes of his life I
learn from home this morning that his dissolu-
tion was calm and peaceful. Ho died resting upon
the promises of that gospel which he had for ho
many years of his earlier'hfe preached to others.
His hist days were soothed by the presence of a
devoted wife and loving daughter. He died away
from home, in a strange city, but administered to
and surrounded by kind friends.
I would, Mr. Speaker, take to my own heart
the lesson taught by this sudden demise of the
brevity of human life. It clearly indicates to us
all that our life is as " a vapor that appeareth for
a little time and then vanisheth away.n It warns
uh in the midst of our exciting duties, even here
m the council chambers of the nation, so to live
in humble dependence upon God, with faith in
our Lord Jesus Christ, that when our labors
are ended we also may have a clem* title to an in-
heritance that is inconuptible and that fadcth not
away.
The resolutions offered by my honored friend
from Illinois have my hearty accord.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. Mr. Speaker, 1
have been desired by my associates of the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia, of which our
deceased fnend and biother was ehaiiman, to ex-
press in their behalf the sentiments they enter-
tain in respect to his life and character.
For myself, 1 never met Mr. Loykjoy until the.
comincnecment of the present session of Congress.
He had been known to me by reputation, as he
had, I believe, by every man of ordinaiy intelli-
gence throughout the great Republic, as a man of
marked and positive character, enteitaining ele-
vated though sometimes extieme ideas, and who
exerted all the powers of his intellect to impress
his convictions upon others. Confiding in their
correctness, with that positive character which
pertained to his natuie, he doubtless sometimes
urged Ins views so persistently as to excite the
censure of those with whom he was brought in
contact or association.
I supposed, sir, until I knew him, that he had
not only an ardent but a vindictive temper; that
he was rough and savage in his nature. I knew
his intense hatred of slavery, and I supposed that
the fact that his murdered brother had fallen in
his arms years ago, as the first sacrifice in this
country to the liberty of the press in its denun-
ciation of human bondage, had so intensified and
diffused his hale as to give tone to his entire
character.
I knew him as a man of intellectual power, be-
cause that appeared from his speeches in this
Hall; but it is not from the power of intellect
upon this floor that we are to form a correct judg-
ment of character. Intellect is sometimes coid,
icy, unaffected by human sympathy, and indiffer-
ent to human suffering. It^was only when we
came together in our committee-room, where the
formalities winch prevail here are laid aside, and
in fiank intercourse men express their sentiments
that we fiom whom our associate has been taken
away found that the'highest intellect was com-
bined with childlike simplicity of character. No
man ever possessed a mfirc kindly or genial na-
ture than Owen Lovejoy. He was ever amiable
and gentle, always ready to do full and ample
justice, to listen patiently to tho&e who sought
redress of wrong, yet never willing to yield one
jot or tittle of that high principle which he ap-
plied to the government of his actions.
Allusion has bum made, Mr. Speaker, by the
eloquent gentleman from Illinois to some of the
incidents of the early life of Mr. Loyejoy. He
was born dependent. By his own labor m the
field he acquired the means for even a classic ed-
ucation. It is one of the crowning glories of our
Governmentand institutions, of which he was so
l@yal and able a defender and advocate, that they
open the pathway of the poor young man to the
halls of learning,and, tearing down every barrier
to advancement, bid him cultivate his intellectual
powers for the benefit of his country and his race.
As an advocate of human freedom, Mr. Loye-
joy 's name was known through the civilized
world; and probably no man in this entire coun-
try was more univeisally admired, for the bold-
ness with which he expressed his sentiments and
his inflexible fidelity to the cause of freedom, than
Owen Lovejoy.
In social life I scarcely ever had the pleasure of
meeting him; but from what I know of the sim-
plicity of his character, Ins kindness, his genial
nature, and his firm integrity, I doubt not that
his home and his fireside were ever cheered and
made happy by his presence, and that he, when
ho was called to rest,
"Like one that wiaps the drapery of hfa coueft
About him, lay down to pleasant dieanis."
Mr. Speaker, death, which has come to him,
must come to all. Despotic power may rear no
barrier at its palace gates to stay death's entrance.
Through frowning walls, behind the bars and
bolts of the prisons of the State, into the darkest,
deepest dungeon of the meanest criminal, death
will find its way. The monarch on his throne,
the vassal*in the hall, the peasant in his cottage,
the bondman in his chains, the legislator in his
seat, must die. Death is and ever has been the
universal, the inexorable, the immutable law and
condition of organic life. God has wiittfen m His
own autograph, upon the enduiing rocks and
mountains of the globe, in language that science
has interpreted fur the- benefit of our race, the
history of order after order and generation after
generation of oiganic and animal life, which for
unloldages before the ingress of man lived,died,
and sank into the earth's bosom.
Yet though under the mandate of this atcrn,
original law man enteis the grave,
"• Legions of angola can't oonfmo him there.7'
The poitals of the tomb but open on the path-
way to a new life, and wo enter there with all the
capacity for enjoyment or suffetitig which we
have created for ourselves by our performance
or neglect of duty here. Who can doubt that
Owknt Loyejoy has passed to his reward? Per-
haps, sir, death came suddenly and unexpect-
edly. Often it comes unheralded; it comes m the
midnight hour; it comes m the morning's dawn;
it comes in the miasma of the atmosphere; it
comes in {.he flash of the lightning, with step un-
seen, unheard.
44 Leaver have tluflr time to fit!),
And Uowoih to wither at the uoith wind's* breath,
And stars to set; but'all,
Thou haat all bcu-soiu lot tinue own, 0 Death,"
Sir, death to Mr. Lovejoy came not in fear.
He had no reason to fear it. It was nature's law.
My eloquent friend, the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Ashley,] told ua truly that life is meas-
uicd by actions, not by years; and he who in
life, whether short or long, has aided m the ele-
vation of ins race, has relieved human suffering,
has fed the hungry, clothed the naked, and lifted
the shackles from the slave, has lived well, and,
no matter when he dies, dies nobly. The life of
our friend was a life of duty conscientiously pei-
formcd, and to him I may apply the language of
the poet:
IjfiV'a duty done, aa sinks the clay,
Light fiom it* joad the spirit flies,
While heaven and earth combine to gar,
i lfow blessed the good man when he dies.' **
Mr. GIUNNELL, Mr, Speaker, I have just
returned from a long journey, and it is only since
I came into the Hall this morning that I received
an intimation that I wa3 to speak on this mourn-
ful occasion. My few words shall be the sympa-
thetic utterances of a mourning friend rather than
those of a classic eulogist. I had the honor of an
intimate acquaintance with the deceased, having
shared the bounteous hospitality of his western
home, and at his bedside in this city I strove to
drink in the inspiration of his spirit.
But a few weeks since, in his sick-room, I ex-
pressed fears for his recovery. I saw the tears
course down his manly cheek as he said, "Ah 1
God's will be done, but I have been laboring,
.voting, and praying for twenty years that I might
see the great day of freedom which is so near and
which f hope God will letme live to rejoice in. I
wanta vote on my bill for the destruction of slavery
root and branch." He saw the sun of national
liberty but in its rising when he hoped to gaze on
it with raptures in its midnoon splendor; but mys-
teriously has God called him above the storm-
clouds of war, briaging rest to his weary spirit,
and new vision, wfth an exchange of the sorrows
of earth for the joysof heaven. A Christian and
a hero has gone home where there will be a mul-
titude to welcome and no one wronged to con-
front him.
As I review his eventful life I am constrained
to believe that had he died thirty years ago the
world would have said, We have losta promising
scholar. Had his decease been twenty years since
he would have been called a fanatic by almost
universal acclaim. Had he left the world ten
years since the narrow circle in which he moved
would have felt the loss of*an obscure free-soil
candidate for Congress and a Congregational
minister. But what have ten years ot'noble, he-
roic devotion to freedom achieved 1 The clergy-
man by leaving his flock for the promising field
which invited his labors is justified. A man
and a citizen before a minister, he proved that his
politics were consistent with and not derogatory
to Christian and ministerial character, following
the example of Mayhow, Cooper, and Wither-
spoon of our early days, who were not moie emi-
nent in the pulpit than teamed and useful as legis-
lators, neitherof whom made apology foi a change
of avocation when they might speak for a nation
in the forum and espouse the cause of liberty for
the world. Our friend loved peace, and accepted
the arbitrament of the swoid only as a dire neces-
sity. In h is holy hate for the rebellion, and slavet y,
its cause, he was
" For the peace which ring? out from the cannon's throat,
And the suasion of shot and shell.
Till rebellion's t-pirit is ti.implod down
To the depths ot its kindred hell."
And then for his country there was the ideal of
the church, " beautiful as Tirzah, comely as Jeru-
salem, and terrible as an army with banncia,"
to which he was consecrated. The witnesses
of his early and later devotion made him as eyes
to the blind, feet to the lame; and the cause which
he knew not he searched out. Ilis home was his
castle, where he gave assurance of shelter and
defense to the escaped from the southern piison-
house, who were thousahds^and he caused tho
widow's heart to sing for joy, while the blessing
of many ready to perish fell on htm.
Mr. Speaker, it is too early to pronounce tho
eulogy on our deceased brother. Respice finem;
wait ti 11 the ripening of that of which he sowed tho
seed. Give time to gather up the great thoughts
first expressed in the log school-house, which
gathered volume, reechoed from the pulpit, and,
taken up by the telegraph and the press as from
the statesman, true to his convictions and the
feailess unapproached orator. The glory of his
life and the giandeurof his character will be un-
appreciated until the last shackle falls from tho
slave and the muse of history asks for those who
were of the first to strike for the poor and end
their life with humane and Christian devotion.
It is well expressed, Owen Lovejoy was no
oidinary man. In the stern period of our his-
tory, breasting prejudice and obloquy, he lose to
that proud distinction to which the impassioned
eloquence of this motning is a fitting accord. His
marked characteristics wcie evinced in firmness
like his native mountains, and there was a scopo
of mind winch seemed to borrow breadth and
beauty of imagery from the expanse of his prairio
home, carpeted with tasteful and floral decoration.
Above all, he died a Christian. With more than
the honors of a conqueror will his dust rest in
I sepulture among the people by whom he was so
ardently loved, and his soul, ascending to his God,
would, if it might speak to us, counsel, Love your
country, remember her despised poor, and if you
would rescue anything from the wieck of time,
lay it up in God.
Mr. ARNOLD. Mr. Speaker, my own indis-
position renders it entirely impossible for me to
