8282
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 25,
Affairs, in opening the debate to-day, said that
there Was but one way of success, and that that
was coercion. He advocated this proposition
solely on the ground of the necessity of filling
our aimies to continue in this bloody crusade
against our own countrymen. All of the speeches
made in behalf of this proposition had that one
idea, that one object in view. That was the
avowed design. Sir, lam for restoring this Union.
I would lay down my life and the lives of all my
posterity, so far as I have power over them, to
restore this Union, and it is because I am in favor
of the Union that I am opposed to war. War is
disunion, disintegration, annihilation, and de-
struction. It has been repeated so often, until hon-
est men have come to believe it, that there is no
other way than coercion; that we are now in for
the war and must prosecute it; that it is coward-
ice to retract; that any man who speaks of peace
is called a traitor or an unconditional submission-
ist; and the idea is scoffed at that those States
now in rebellion against the Federal Government
can be induced to return to their allegiance ex-
cept by being whipped into submission.
Sir, " the whipping will not be done." We
have already expended more blood and treasure
in the three years this war has been in existence
than it can accumulate for such a purpose in the
next twenty-five years. The fact that you are
resorting to measures of this character shows that
the people are against the war. Why is it that
you compel men to light if the war is populai ?
Sir, it requires no argument, no elucidation to
show that when republics are compelled to re-
sort to force to obtain men and adopt coercive
measures to create armies, whether the cause be
right or wrong, whether it be patriotic or un-
patriotic, so far as popular opinion is concerned
it has ceased to commend itself to the popular
support and popular approval.
Mr. Speaker, I desire to take this occasion
to say that, m my opinion, all the States of
this Union, all the States upon the American
continent, can once more be gathered under one
common Government,established by our fathers,
without the iii m; !M\,notlier cannon or the shed-
ding of anotherdrop ofblood. I propose to piove
this assertion. At the commencement of this
war, tliedemand of the confederate States was for
recognition and nuthingelse. Their demand was
that their independence as a nation should be rec-
ognized. They held to that position firmly, de-
terminedly, and fought for it. i think then; has
been a modification nftliis position. It appears to
me that a union may be effected 011 a constitu-
tional basis. I propose now to read a very biief
extract from the address issued m February last
by the confederate congress, and lask the 1 louse
to bear ill mind that this address passed unani-
mously—every senator and every member of the
house of repiesentathes at Richmond signed it.
TUataddiess, after recapitulating the hisiory ot
the war from its commencement down to .the
present time, presents their ultimatum to the peo-
ple of the United States; and what is it ?
vnh'nco i-- silvan ofachange of policy on
'ovrnmicnt. ami M me a^uunee is rc
;it negotiation will noi be vpnraed, she
an* of opinion Utiu .ui> dn eot overtine-lo> peace
would compromise our j.«*lf-rcvpcct, l><* tuutU^-rf o( rr0<><i,
ami by tii<> enemy a?, an indication of \veak-
We can only icpcat the d.'^re ot the people lor
pea.-,*, and our r.-adinc-., to ae< ,-pt tmns eoibhii at \vuh
the iiunoi ami mteymy and independence of the State.-.,
and compatible with the safety ot' our domestic insutu-
tums.5>
Sir, the independence of the States is a I>m-
ocratic doctrine. Any man who reads and studies !
the history and theory of this Government from the |
Decollation of Independence down to tile present
time will find that the independence of the States
was guarantied in the Constitution by the frumers
of the Constitution, and has been a principle of
the Government recognized ever since the adop-
tion of the Constitution, so that when the south-
ern confederacy decides that they are willing to
make peace whenever the United States grant
them terms consistent with their honor, consist-
ent with the safety of their domesticinstitutions,
tod consistent with the independence of the
Stales, 1 hold that it is the duty of every man
who loves the country to extend to the people of
the South the right hand of fellowship, and let
them come back into the Union upon terms of
that conciliatory and constitutional character.
Until Mimi'
the part of the
oeived that efforts at i
Governor Brown, of Georgia, in his message
of March last, says:
" fn view of these difficulties, it njay be asked, when
and how is this war to terminate ? It is impossible to say
when it may terminate; but it is easy to say how it will
end. We do not &eck to conquei the northern people, and
if we are true to ourselves they can never conquer us.
We do not seek to take from them the right of self-gov*
ernment,or to govern them without their consent.* And
they have not force enough to govern us without otir con-
sent, or to deprive us of the nght to govern ourselves.
The blood of hundreds of thousand? may yet be spilt, and
the war will not still be terminated by force of arms. Ne-
gotiation will finally terminate it. The pen of the states-
man. more potent than the sword of the warrior, mu^t do
what the latter has tailed to do.
" But I may bo asked how negotiations are to commence,
when President Lincoln refuses to receive commissioners
sent by us, and his Congress resolves to hear no proposi-
tion for peace ? I reply, that in my opinion it is our duty
to keep it always before the northern people and the civ-
ilized world, that we are ready to negotiate for peace when-
ever the people and Government of the northern States
are prepared to recognize the s,reat fundamental principles
of the Declarationof Independence, maintained by out com-
mon ancestry—the right of all self-government and the sov-
ereignty of the States." ******
"Let it he repeated again and again to the northern peo-
ple that all we ask is that they recognize the great princi-
ple upon which their own Government rests—-the sover-
eignty of the States; and let our own people hold our own
government to a strict account for every encroachment
upon this vital principle. Herein lies the simple solution
ot all rhebc troubles."
Gentlemen will also remember that in May last
resolutions were also introduced into the confeder-
ate congress proposing to appoint commissioners
to treat with the Government of the (JnitoJ States
for reunion upon the basis of the Constitution,
Among other resolutions the following was then
proposed:
" Resolved In/ the congress of the confederate State*, That
the delegates ttom each Htate, actmg m us sovereign and
independent character, tor the purpose of adding moral to
our physical force, and placing ourselves proputly before
the civilized world, do um-t tiurne.stly appeal to the presi-
dent, by and wiih the advice of the .«< nate, to appoint
commissioner}, whose duty it shall be to propose an armis-
tice of ninety days to the proper authorities of the Federal
lioveinniont, ptcltrniuary to negotiation upon State sover-
eignty and independence; and the said commissioners
shall tepoif in writing to the pie-«nlent,the answerleeeived
honi the fc'edeiaf (Joveinmern upon the Mibjcci."
Therefore 1 repeat, Mr. Speaker, and I defy
contradiction, that the southern Suites are ready
to negotiate for leconciliation, and 111 my judg-
ment no party can succeed in the coming presi-
dential election, and that 110 party should succeed,
that, does not meet these propositions fairly and
squarely.
Sir, the people are tired of this war. A brave,
noble, generous people are not for continuing the
war under the circumstances, with Us terrible re-
sults, and earned 011 for e.onquest, and upon a
policy utterly destructive, inhuman, and bloody.
In my judgment the American people should pass
upon tiiis warm the November election. Had [
the power 1 would have but two candidates be-
foie the people, one for war and the other for
armistice, negotiation, reconstruction, and re-
union. 1 would he willing to stakeallthat is mine
m the present and future that the peace candidate j
would succeed by an overwhelming majority. -
The time is rapidly approaching when a reac- j
tion will take place which will not only sweep !
war men from power but will make them so ob-
noxious that the men who compose this Admin-
istration will flee the'country for protection. 1
go further, and strike deeper than your amend-
ment to the conscription law. Sir, that is but an
incident. It is a matter of trifling importance
compared to the greater question, when shall this
bloody crusade cease? When shall these mar-
shaling hosts lay down the sword and return to the
honest, legitimate avocations of pcace, to union,
fraternity, and prosperity? When shall thisexeite-
mentbe followed by sober second thought? Not
until we suppress this war spirit and put out of
power those who pursue a policy utterly wrong,
utterly anti-Ameiican, utterly anti-Christian, ut-
terly anti-humane, and antagonistic to all of the
principles of republican government.
Mr. Speaker, 1 had not intended to have parti-
cipated at all in this debate, but believing this was
a fitting occasion to present these views I sought
the floor. They are my individual opinions, for
which my party must not be held responsible.
On this question 1 stand independent of party.
While I am thus independent I will not become
the victim of any party m withholding opinions
entertained, and which involve the life, liberty,
and unity of my country.
Mr.SCHENCK. I will make another propo-
sition to the House. It has never been my de-
sire to prevent gentlemen offering amendments
to perfect the original bill; but 1 do want to close
this general debate. I propose that we shall pro-
ceed with the consideration of the bill by unani-
mous consent, each gentleman offering his amend-
ment to perfect the original bill, which is open to
amendment, and that we limit ourselves to the
five minutes' discussion. That will afford every
opportunity to members on both sides of tl<o
House.
Mr. ROSS. I object.
Mr. WASHEURNE, of Illinois. I want to
know from the gentleman from Ohio, who has
charge of this bill, whether he proposes to have
this debate go on interminably, or to call for the
previous question ?
Mr. SCHENCK. My desire from tlie begin-
ning was that a fair opportunity should be af-
forded to gentlemen on both sides of the House
to debate the bill and to offer amendments before
the vote was taken on the substitute. For that
purpose I proposed we should fix an hour on
Monday when we should proceed to vote. That
was objected to. I found we were drifting into
a general debate on politics, and 1 called for the
previous question.' The previous question was
seconded, but the House refused to order the
main question to be put. 1 have made another
proposition which has also been objected to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Why not
have a vote on the bill at the present time ? The
gentleman from Ohio seems to have given up the
control of the bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. I decline to call for the pre-
vious question so soon after it has been voted
down.
Mr. MILLER, of Pennsylvania. This is a
question of vital importance to every man's con-
stituents, and there are a number of gentlemen
who desire to be heard on it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I want to
know when the House will come to a vote on
this question. [Cries of " Now !" "Now!"]
Mr. STROUSE. Is it in order to move to ad-
journ ?
The SPEAKER. It is not, as the gentleman
from Illinois is upon the floor.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gentle-
man from New \ork [Mr. Kf.rnan] appeals to
me, and I yield the floor to him lor a few mo-
ments upon the condition that when he is through
he will demand the previous question.
Mi. KERNAN. I wili return the floor to my
friend afrer a few moments.
Mr. WASHBURNE,of Illinois. Letthegen-
tleman renew the demand for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I object to any bar-
gaining.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I yield the
floor.
Mr. KERNAN. I would not detain the House
at all except that I differ from my colleague [Mr.
Fernando Wood] who said he did not care what
this House did in reference to the subject under
consideration. I do. I feel a deep interest in our
legislation, and I care much in reference to every-
thing which is done here affecting the welfare of
our constituents and of the country.
It is a misfortune that 111 civil wars, in times of
public calamity and disorder such as exists in our
country, men of extreme views 011 the one side
and the other obtain too much control. In the
excitementand passions which prevail, conserva-
tive and moderate men seem to have no inliuencein
connection with public affairs. Thus it has been
m other countries, and this now appears to be the
case in our own. While wc are surrounded by
calamities so great that thoughtful men stand al-
most paralyzed with apprehension as to what will
happen nex t to the country, extreme men on one
side or the other really shape public policy and
control as to public measures. I do not think
that it is well that such men should have their
way. X believe that if they do, on the one side
or the other, we shall go down in ruin as surely
as events pass on. On the one side are men like
my colleague, [Mr. FeknandoWood,] who stand
up here under the circumstances which surround
ue and tell us there ought not to be another gun
fired, that we can have peace ami union without
