2308
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 17,
been printed every year. The fifth section pro-
vides that the offers for carrying the mail reported
by the Postmaster General, which forms a book
of the dimensions I now exhibit, over eight hun-
dred pages, the offers rejected as well as those
accepted, shall not hereafter be printed. The Sen-
ator from Vermont will probably agree that there
is no need of printing that cumbrous document.
Mr. COLLAMER. It is impossible for me to
say how much dishonesty the ordering of that
publication corrected, or how much will exist if
it be not continued; but while it is published I see
very little use in it, although it may be perhaps
that it prevents a great deal of evil that would
happen if it were not published.
Mr. ANTHONY. That is a- subject for the
Senate to consider. This is a document that is
printed every year, giving all the bids for carry-
ing the mail, those accepted and those rejected.
Mr. SUMNER. How long has iubeen printed?
Mr. ANTHONY. Since 1836. I do not see
any reason why these offers of bids should be.
printed rather than those of the War Department,
which must be far more voluminous. They are
not printed, nor are any others, except the bids
in the Navy Department and some bids of the In-
dian bureau. The same section also repeals the
law providing for printing, in the annual report of
the Secretary of the Navy, the offers for bids in
the Navy Department. That publication I hold
in my hands. Here are all the bids for contracts,
and propositions to the Navy Department, those
that are accepted and those that are rejected, and
they form a volume of about four hundred pages.
Mr. COLLAMER. It is got up for the same
reason and on the same principle as the other, to
pievent frauds.
Mr. ANTHONY, The bill proposes to repeal
the law that requires that to be printed, and also
ta repeal the law requiring to be printed a portion
of the annual report of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior giving the Indian disbursements. The Sen-
ate refused to print that report this year; but
there has been u law, or a practice that has had
the force of Jaw, to print it every year with the
message and accompanying documents. It came
in late this year, and the Senate refused to print it.
The sixth section is in compliance with a reso-
lution passed by the Senate, and requires that
every law, when it has passed Congress and been
approved by the President,shall be printed, three
hundred copies for the use of the Senate and one
thousand fur the use of the Iiouae of Represent-
atives, so that we may have them on our files to
lefer to.
The seventh section repeals a requirement that
the contracts for paper shall be advertised in a
large number of newspapers ail over the country,
which is quite useless. They were requiied to be
advertised in Richmond, Charleston, Mobile,&c.
Our southern " brethren" had them put in pretty
much every paper South, it provides that the
joint resolution of June 23, J8G0, in relation to
the public printing, " be so amended as to require
the Superintendent of Public Printing to adver-
tise only in two newspapers published in the cities
of New Yoik, Cincinnati, Doston, Philadelphia,
and Baltimore."
The eighth section requires that all lithograph-
ing and engraving, where the probable cost will
exceed $250, shall be awarded to the lowest and
best bidder for the interests of the Government,
but allows this to be modified in cases where, m
the opinion of the Joint Committee on Printing,
the exigencies of the public service will not jus-
tify waiting: for advertisement.
Mr. HOWE. Why "lowest and best?"
Mr. ANTHONY. Every bid is accompanied
by specimens of the work of the bidder. 1 fa man
offers a bid very low and his work is very bad, the
committee would not take it. No bids are received
by the committee except from those who are act-
ually engaged m the business, and can do the work
themselves. No speculative bids are received.
The ninth section provides that the sales of pa-
per shavings and imperfections, &c., the sweep-
ings and wastage of the printing office, shall be
deposited in the Treasury to the credit of the
printing fund.
The tenth scction is intended to meet a case
which we had at the present session. It was
found necessary, after the message and accom-
panying documents had been printed and the type
distributed, to print ten thousand extra copies of
the foreign correspondence. It was ordered by
the House of Representatives, not by the Senate.
It was necessary to set up the type anew for two
or three volumes. This provision is to print four
thousand copies for the use of the Senate, seven
thousand for the use of the House of Repiesent-
atives, and such number for the Executive De-
partment as the President shall direct.
Mr. COLLAMER. This year, or every year?
Mr. ANTHONY. These are papers relating
to foreign affairs, communicated to Congress by
request of either House or direction of the^resi-
dent, so that what is required by the Department
may be printed while the type is standing, and
the President is the judge of the number.
Mr. COLLAMER. Does that mean corre-
spondence published by the State Department
this year, or every year?
Mr. ANTHONY. In future years. This is
to be a permanent law.
Mr. SUMNER. But there is one point to
which I wish to call the attention of the chair-
man of the Committee on Printing. I do not
know whether it is m order or whether the Sen-
ator desires that we shall make propositions of
amendment now.
Mr. ANTXiONY. Let me finish what little I
have to say, and then amendments can be moved.
The ninth section also provides that the Super-
intendent of Public Printing, under the direction
of the Joint Committee on Printing, may print
documents for sale to any persons who will pay
the cost of the same, and pay the money to the
Superintendent of Public Printing before the doc-
ument is put to press. Tins is the only Gov-
ernment, 1 believe, that prints public documents
which does not sell them. You can buy any
parliamentary document in England; you can
buy any public document in France that is
printed, at the book-stores. The documents in
England aie sold at just above the cost of waste
paper, so that people will not buy them for waste
paper, and yet bringing it as near to a gratuitous
distribution as they can without tempting people
to get them to sell for waste paper. There are
a great many documents that are wanted for li-
braries, public and private, by persons that feel a
delicacy in asking for them, and perhaps do notget
them even if they do ask for them, and who would
be very glad to buy them. I can see no possible
reason why they should not have that privilege.
It would place the public documents where we
want them, in the hands of people who would
read them. H would relieve the Treasury of the
expense of publishing so many for gratuitous dis-
tribution, and prevent the sending of a great
many numbers of the same document to the same
person.
These are the main provisions of the bill, I be-
lieve.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to call the at-
tention of my friend to the operation of section
ten , which relates to the publication of papers con-
cerning foreign affairs. I am inclined to think
that the language is broader than he intended. It
is as follows:
Tli.it whenever papors relating to foreign afl'aus shall he
communicated lo Conines, at the request oi either Ilou-e
ol (Jougiess, ot by direction oi the Presidentot the Timed
St,it« it shall 1)" the duty <>r the Super tniemh-m of Public
I'unlni^ lo eau-e to be punted ami hound, m addition to
the u-udl number, Unu thousand copies lor the me of the
member.** ol'ihe suite, .-.even thousand copies ibi the u«e
or the members of the Ifou-e ot Kepie^eiiUtivea, and such
number lor Hie Executive Department as the President
fahall direct.
It will be perceived that that is applicable to all
papers relating to foreign affairs which may be
communicated to Congress, not only at the be-
ginning of the session, but at any tunc dm ing the
session. The Senator is aware that almost every
week, or at leapt very often, a call is made by the
Senate, or by the House of Representatives, on
the President for certain publications relating to
some foreign question. For instance, it was only
yesterday," 1 think, that the Senate icceived, in
answer to a cali, a communication from the Pres-
ident covering certain papers concerning the re-
lations between Chili and Bolivia, and they were
ordered at once to be piinted for the use of the
Senate. Now, the clause as it stands would be
applicable to that class of communications. I
doubt whether the Senator intends that they
should be covered by it. Do we desire to mul-
tiply these communications to that extent?
Mr. ANTHONY. This provision was intended
to cover the annual report.
Mr.SUMNER. So I supposed, and I was there-
fore going to suggest whether some word should
not be introduced to qualify the general language
of the clause. I will suggest the insertion of the
words " at the beginning of the session of Con-
gress " after (i United States," in the fourth line
of the section. That would limit'it to the mass
of foreign correspondence, covering, in the main,
the correspondence for the whole year, which is
annually communicated with the President's mes-
sage.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish to make a sugges-
tion in regard to this section. According to the
very general words in which it is.framed, any-
thing relating to foreign affairs communicated by
order of the President to either House of Con-
gress is to be, published. The President may
send confidential messages and treaties to the
Senate, which ought not to be published, certainly
not extra copies.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator remembers that
those are sent in executive session,and therefore
they would not come under the operation of this
clause.
Mr. COLLAMER. They would come within
the words of it, for the language covers communi-
cations sent to either House.
Mr. SUMNER. It seems to me that the ob-
ject which we should have in view is to provide
for the publication of the foreign papers com-
municated annually with the President's message.
Mr. ANTHONY. That is it.
Mr. SUMNER. And we need not go beyond
that.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move after the word
"Congress," in the third line of the section, to
strike out the words "at the request of either
House of Congress or by direction of the Presi-
dent of the United States," and in lieu of those
words to insert " accompanying the annual mes-
sage of the President."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 wish to make a sugges-
tion m relation to the fifth section, which repeals
the law requiring the offers forcarrying the mail,
and also the offeis for contracts for supplies for
the Navy Department, to be published. I take it
that under our presentsystem the cost of the print-
ing of those books would not be much if there
were no extra numbers printed.
Mr. ANTHONY. There will be no extra
copies under this bill, because they will not be in
the abridged and edited documents.
Mr. COLLAMER. The question is whether
the publication of them would be very expensive
under our present system. The object of the law
in relation to the Post Office Department, which
was passed nearly thirty years ago, was that these
bids should be put into such a form that the com-
munity could all see that the law which required
the lowest bid to bu taken was earned into exe-
cution fairly. In order to enable the community
to judge of that, it was required that all proposals
and acceptances should be published, so that it
( could always be seen exactly how they stood. I
j cannot say how far that has checked fraud; but
; that was the purpose of it. So it was in the Navy
; Department and in the Indian bureau. It is im-
possible to say what would be the effect of the re-
peal, but! very much doubt whether on the whole
it is advisable to repeal these laws. The inclina-
tion of my opinion is that there were large frauds
existing which occasioned their passage, and that
the same frauds might recur if we repeal them.
I am therefore rather inclined to think that the
fifth section had better not be retained in the bill.
Mr. ANTHONY. The committee arc not very
strenuous in regard to the fifth scction. The only
object was to save the cost of printing voluminous
documents which seemed to us to be of very lit-
tle use. The Senator from Vermont, who has
been at the head of the Post Office Department,
is much better able to judge than we as to the
value of this publication; but it seems to me that
if we publish the Post Office bids and the Navy
bids we ought equally to publish the Army bids,
which must be moie numerous and involve im-
mensely greater cost than both of the others to-
gether.
Mr. COLLAMER. I am not at all tenacious
of my view on this question. Of course my ex-
perience in the Department could furnish no light
