THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
March 29,
■#as in the War Department by order of the Pres-
ident of the United States, and itsimmediate super-
vision was placed under an officer of the Army.
General Meigs was detailed from the engineer
corps and assigned to this special duty, which he
performed forabouteight years, from April, 1853,
I think, until April or May, 1861; and performed
it, I will say, with signal ability, skill, and suc-
cess, and without ever having received one dollar
hy way pf salary or compensation aside from his
pay and allowances as an officer of the Army and
according to his? rank, which at that time was that
of captain of .engineers.
I .say again there is-noauthority thafcl can find,
by law on your statute-books, of usage or of prac-
tice,,for this appointment, of a general superintend-
ent, and fixing his salary, at the pleasure of the
power making the appointment; and in this in-
stance it has not even the apology or excuse of
necessity, or of expediency, or of convenience
even.
Mr. GRIMES. Nor of precedent.
Mr. FOOT. Nor of precedent, a3 the Senator
well says, I am aware of the general rule, or the-
ory, un doctrine, if you please to call it so, that
>vliere authority and direction are given to do a
certain act, as to erect a public building, asin this
instance; in other words, where a specific pre-
scribed duty is imposed, th(wauthority to pet form
that duty carries with it the implied power of em-
ploying the necessary men to accomplish that act
or perform that duty; but this implied power in
practice under our Government does not extend
beyond the employment of the necessary number
of laborers, workman, and the purchase of the
accessary material, &c.
This implied power never extended to the ap-
pointment of superintendents or agents or arch-
itects, or cleiks even, and fixing their rates of com-
pensation. The exercise of an implied power to
this extent would indeed be a dangerous one; and
hence Congress 1ms always taken care, and al-
ways should take caio,to limit the cxerctse of
this implied power by itself providing for such
vleiical or executive oi administrative forces nx
may he ucccssary, and lUcIf fixing the iatrs of
compensation. Witness*, for instance, for illus-
- tivuion, in all the Executive Departments of the
Government, no head of a Department assumes to
appoint aclc'rk in his office except, hy express
nuihorny Jrom Congress. Tim Secretary of the
Interior cannot appoint to a clerkship in his own
office beyond the. number, or fix his compensa-
tion beyond the sum, authorized by express law.
i'hrn 1 auk again, and emphatically, by what
authmity does the Secretaiy of the interior ap-
point this superintendent and pay htm $*3,500 a
year out of the appropriation for the Capitol ex
tension ?
Let me not be misunderstood in this as imputing
to the Secretary of the interior any intentional
assumption .or exercise of power or authority
that he did not think belonged to him. Probably
it Wvia an act of inadvertence, and the appoint-
ment was made without examination as to the
quotum of his authonty or right to do so.  
Flus is nil 1 have to sny on this subject in addi-
tion to what 1 have said hefoie.
Air. HftNDfUCKS. I have very little foadd
to what l Jeit it my duty to say to the Senate
when thb? bill was before the body on a foi mer oc-
casion 1 tlf-n explained the reasons why I could
not support the bill introduced by the Senator
from Vennoiu*, why I could notsupport.it in the
i-oniinittue of winch he was chairman, norm the
Senate; and 1 have but little to add to svhat I then
eaid.
1 wish to call the attention of the Senate to the
measuio that la before it, Tne Senator from Ver-
mont has discussed it as if it were a bul to re-
move the pu'sent superintendent who isin charge
of the woi ie on the dome and the extension of the
Camtol and aqueduct. That is not the bill. The
bill is to take the work from under the charge of
the Secretary of the Interior and to place it under
the management and eonii ol of the Commissioner
of i'uhhe Buildings. The Senator who supports
the bill assigns one reason for it—I know of but
one—and that reason is, that the Secretary of the
Inti'iior, in carrying forward this work, has ap-
pointed a certain gentleman superintendent of
the work at a salary of $2,500 a year, it is ar-
gued by the Senator that this is an exercise of
power not possessed by the Secretary; that it is
an extravagant use of the public money. That
is the position of the Senator, as I understand it.
Because the Secretary of the Interior has seen fit
to appoint a superintendent of the work at a sal-
ary of §2,500, is that a sufficient reason why the
Senate should vote to take the work from him,
when in other respects he manages it properly,
and give it to another officer? That is the sum
and substance of the argument of the Senator, so
far as I understand it.
The Secretary of the Interior thought at the
commencement of the present fiscal year that it
was proper to make a change in the management
of this work. He made the change; and in his
annual report he has communicated to Congress
the result of that change. The material point of
the "changc was the appointment of a superintend-
ent, and a reduction of the administrative force
employed upon the Capitol in other directions;
afid 1 wish to call the attention of the Senate to
the. result of that change.
I am not going to spend much time in answer-
ing the question which the Senator has asked, by
what authority the Secretary of the Interior has
appointed a superintendent? He says thatit was
not done befoie; that no superintendenthad been
appointed before that time; thatit was an excess of
authority; and the logic of it is that the Secretary
ought to be rebuked by taking the work from him
because he has appointed a superintendent. I
think the Senator is mistaken. There was a su-
perintendent before—not a superintendent of the
whole work, but of a portion of the work; and I
will call the attentionof the Senator to a letter
which is in his own possession from the Secre-
tary of the Interior, from which he will find that
a Mr. Eustis was superintendent of the stone
work; that that superintendent was found by the
Secretary of the Interior not to be qualified for
the position; that he lacked all the qualifications
necessary for the position to such an extent that
be could not make up the accounts so that the
Government could settle them from his books,
but reference had to be made to the contractors'
books to enable the Department to make a settle-
ment with the contractors; and that under that
supottnlendency the Government had to depend
on the aceurncy of the contractors' hooks for a
settlement rather than on the books kept by the
officer of the Government. 1 will ask the .Sena-
tor by what authority of law there was appointed
pi lor to J uly 1 a superintendent of stone work ?
Mr. I'OOT. The answer is, it is a mere play
upon the terms or words designating the charac-
ter of the office. There was no general superin-
tendent of the work prior to July last,as an inde-
pendent appointment. 1 have abeady said that
during the peuod of time, the eight years, it was
under the supervision of the War Department, it
was placed under the superintendence of an offi-
cer of engineers, but witnout any additional sal-
ary. An officer was assigned by the War De-
partment from the engineer corps to that specific
duty, bnt'received no pay except that of an offi-
cer of the Army according to his rank. This Mr.
Eustis, to whom reference is made, was a mere
foreman of the stone work. There was also a
foreman of the brick woik. There was also a
foreman, if you please to call him so, or receiver
of marble. They were mere foremen of different
branches of tl?o work, mere overseers.
I am willing to admit that Mr. Eustis was an
illiteiate man, not qualified for a clerkship, not
qualified to make up the accounts. I will admit
further, and accord to the Seoictary the* credit of
it, that under ins direction, by his order, the pres-
ent superintendent did make inquiry and inves-
tigation into the organization of the clerical and
administrative foieo upon the work, and did rec-
ommend that coitain overseers be removed; m
other words, there being some four or five of those
overseers of different branches of the work, stone
work, brick work, &c., &c., that they should be
united and combined under one head, and placed
under one supervision. That was done, and I
think it was well done. Tt was a saving of unne-
cessary expense to the Government tothatextent;
but to whom does the credit belong? Not to the
superintendent. It is no merit of his. It was done
by order of the Secretary of the Interior, and he
is entitled to credit for reducing the expenses of
the Government in this b«haif to that extent.
' Mr. HENDRICKS. The question I was die*
cussing when the Senator took the floor was, by
what authority did the Secretary of the Interior
appointa euperintendentof the work? This Sen-
ator admits that the work was well enough con-
ducted before, and as it was conducted before there
was a superintendent for each particular part of
the work. There was a superintendent of the
stone work. I ask the Senator by what author-
ity he was appointed superintendent? He was
appointed superintendent with a salary. By
what authority was he appointed superintendent
of stone work with a salary? That salary is noi
fixed by the law. • The office of superintendent
of stone work is not fixed by law. It was the
exercise of the power which the proper depart-
ment had in carrying on the work. This work
cannot be carried on except through the instru-
mentality of agents; and there was one agent and
superintendent, as the Senator calls him , the fore-
man of stone work; another the superintendent
of brick work. The Secretary of the Interior
found the work not going on to his satisfaction,
and instead of having four or five superintendents
he appointed Captain West as the superintend-
ent of the whole work, not only as superintend-
ent 
Mr. GRIMES. Does the Senator mean to say
there is no foreman of the stone work?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I dare say there is.
Mr. GRIMES. Whatdoes the Senatormean,
then, when he says that the Secretary appointed
Captain West in place of these other men?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. Eustis was removed,
and I do not understand that another man waa
appointed in his stead.. Does the Senator bo un-
derstand?
Mr. GRIMES. I do.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Who is he?
Mr. GRIMES. I do not know;' but I under-
stand there is a foreman to each one of these de-
partments.
Mr. HENDRICKS. But the argument I at-
tempted to make was this: that if there was an
authority on the part of the Secretary or of the
department having charge of the work to appoint
a superintendent of stone work, there is an au-
thority to appoint a superintendent of the entire
work. I cannot aay why there should be a lack
of authority for the.one purpose and authority
found for the other.
The Secretary appointed Captain West as su-
perintendent of the whole work. What has been
the result of it? I will call the attention of the
Senate to a few figures upon this question. The
Secretary in his annual report says that by the
change in the management of the work there has
been a saving to the Government; more work has
been done at less expense;and here are the figures,
which the Senator from Vermont will find in a
communication from the Secretary of the Treas-
ury in his possession. Captain West was ap-
pointed on the 1st day of July last as general
superintendent. For the six months preceding
that, the work done upon the Capitol amounted
to $236,539. The clerical and administrative force
employed in doing that amount of work cost
$12,215 75. From the 1st day of July to the
31st of December last, six months, the work done
amounted to §255,351) 70, and the cost of the cleri-
cal and administrative force was $9,081 57. In
other words, $!8,8'-29 70, more work was done
during the last six months at a cost of §3,134 less
for administrative and clerical force.
That is the showing that the Secretary of the
Interior makes: $18,000 more work done in the
last six months at a cost for clerical and admin-
istrative force of $3,000 less than the six months
before. IIow far that is to be attributed to the
fact that he appointed a very skillful man as su-
( ijerintendent 1 cannot say. The Secretary of the
! interior in his report says there was a saving, in
his letter to the chairman of the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds he shows the facta
that I have stated: a saving of §3,000 in six
months, a saving of nearly seven thousand dol-
lars m a year, securing $3G,000 more work done
in the course of a year. And yet the Senator
from Vermont wishes to go back to that manage-
ment which existed before the 1st of July last.
It seems to me that the single fact that the Secre-
tary has seen fit to appointa superintendent is
not a sufficient reason. The cost of the superin-
tendent for the entire year is $2,500. The saving
under the administration of that superintendent
for the first six months ia $3,000. There will be
