2310
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 17,
word (i said" should be inserted before 44 publi-
cation;" and in lines eighteen, nineteen, and
twenty, the words, "of the above-mentioned por-
tions of the annual reports of the Postmaster Gen-
eral, the Secretary of the Navy, and the Secre-
tary of the Interior," should be stricken out.'
The result of these amendments, if {hey be adopt-
ed, will be that the bids in the Navy Department
and in the InteriorDepartmentwill be published
as heretofore, and the publication of bids in the
Post Office Department will be dispensed with.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from New Hampshire moved to strike out the
fifth section of the amendment of the committee.
Before that question is taken, the Senator from
Wisconsin proposes to amend the section; and
the question is on that amendment.
Several Senators. What is it?
Mr. HOWE. Perhaps I had better state once
more that the object of the amendment that I
move is to leave the law as it now stands in ref-
erence to the publication of bids made under or-
ders of the Navy Department and the Interior
Department, but to stop the publication of bids
made in the Post Office Department; to distin-
guish between bids in these differentDepartments.
1 am told that the expense of publishing the Post
Office bids is much heavier than that incurred in
the publication of the other classes of bids, and
there seems to me to be no sort of necessity for
publishing them, for the leason that I stated just
now. The same classes of biddcis, the same in-
dividuals almost as a rule make these bids, from
time to time. The contiacts are let for four years.
The carrying of tiie mails isa business. It is the
business of certain persons, and they know how
the contracts are advertised a long time before
they are let; many months before. About the
same class of persons bid for them, and the mo-
ment the bids are published in the Depaitment
those who make bids take care to be informed
through their correspondents here just how the
bids are. Everyman whose bid is rejected knows
the difference between his bid and the bid of the
person who is accepted and who gets the con-
tract
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair will
be pardoned by the Senator from Wisconsin, per-
haps, for suggesting that the better way for him
would be to move his amendment after the ques-
tion shall have been taken on the motion to strike
out the section, because if the word which he pro-
poses to insert be inserted and the section then
l3e stricken out those words will go with it, and
if the Senate should agree to his amendment and
then should refuse to strike out the section his
amendment would fall.
Mr. HOWJS. I do not exactly understand the
Chair.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senate
may agree to strike out of the section the words
which the Senator desires to have stricken out,
and then may refuse to strike out the rest of the
section, and then the result of that would be that
the words that he desires to have stricken out
would not be stricken out of the section, because
the amendment as amended would not be agreed
to. If, however, the Senate shall negative the
proposition to strike out the whole section, it will
then be open for him to move to strike out those
words.
Mr. HOWE. But if the Senate strike out the
whole section, the whole section will have gone,
I saw that some Senators here desired to retain a
part of this section, the publication of some of
these bids, and the main objection seemed to be
—it was so urged by the chairman of the com-
mittee—against the publication of the Post Office
bids.
The PR.ESIDENT pro tempore, If tiie whole
section shall be retained, the Senator can then
move to strike out these words; and the effect of
that motion, if adopted, would be to retain the
part which he desires to retain. The Chair has
no choice, but only makes the suggestion.
Mr. HOWE. I have but very little choice
about it myself. I was trying to accommodate
the section so as to meet the views of those who
want to publish a part of these bids and to meet
my own views, who certainly do not want any
publication of the bids of the Post Office Depart-
ment. As, however, I care but very little about
it, I am willing to withdraw my amendment and
let the vote be taken on striking out the section.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
then is on the amendment of the Senator from New
Hampshire, which is to strikeout the fifth section
of the amendment reported by the Committee on
Printing; and upon that question the yeas and
nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 5, nays 28; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bnckalew, Grimes, Hale, Harlan, and
Trumbull—5.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Clark, Collamer,
Coimess, Davis,Dixon, Doohttle, Fesscnden, Foot, Foster,
Harris, Henderson, IJcndiicks, Howe, Johnson, Lane of
Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Morgan, Pouieroy, Powell, Ram-
sey, Funnier, Ten Eyck, Van Winkle, Wade, Wilkinson,
and Wilson—28.
ABSENT—Messrs. Biown, Csirliio, Cowan, Harding,
Hicks, nowaid,McDougall,Moirill, Nesmitli, Richaidson,
Riddle,Saulsbuiv, Sherman, Sprague, Willey,and Wright
—10.
So the motion to strike out did not prdvail.
Mr. HOWE. I now renew my amendment to
strike out of the section the words beginning with
the word " also," in line five, to the word u be,"
in line fifteen; to strike out tiie letter "s" at the
end of the words " portions"and "acts," in lino
seventeen; to insert" said " before11 publication,"
in line eighteen; and to strike out all after the
word " publication" to the word "be," in the
twentieth line; so as to make the section read:
Sr.c. 5. Jlnd he it further enacted, That the annual re-
port of the PoMman'ei General of ofFeis received and con-
tacts for conveying the mails, in compliance with the
tvvrnty-fotirtli anil twenty-fifth sections of the act ot Con-
gress approved July 2, 1836, he no longer printed unless
specially oideied by either House of Congicss; and that
such portion of the above-mentioned art asnuthonzcd the
said publication be and the same is lieiehy repealed.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. In lines seven, eight, and
nine of the sixth section of the committee's
amendment, I move to strike out the words " have
them printed separately, three hundred of each
for the use of the Senate, and one thousand for
the use of the House of Representatives," and to
mseit " cause to be printed separately the usual
number for the u.sc of the two Houses of Con-
gross."
Tiie amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. In the thirteenth line of the
sixth section I move to insert the word " alpha-
betical" before " index."
The amendmentto the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I now move a new section to
come in after the first section:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Secretary of War be,
and he is heieby, aulhoiized to appoint come competent
person to edit the printing of the ollieia! repoi is of the opei-
ations of the Aimy ol tin; United States.
The amendmentto the amendment was agreed to.
Mi. HALE. I want the attention of the chair-
man of the Committee on Printing a moment.
Does not this bill lequire a permanent session of
the ,1 oiut Committee on Printing, or require them
to be in session during the month of November,
to say the least?
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 do not see how that is.
It requires that the Joint Committee on Printing
shall appoint some suitable person to edit and
index the compilation. That person, of course,
will be appointed at the close of the session to
continue till the next session.
Mr. HALE. Let me state, then, the objee-
tmii that strikes my mind. The provision is:
That heieafter,instead of furnishing immuscupt copies
of the documents iit-uaHy aecompanving their annual re-
ports to each notice ol Congte>s, oi to the Superintendent
ot Public Punting, tiie head* ot the several Depaitrnonts
of Government shall tian^mit them, on m beloie the 1st
day of November in each y«ar, to the Joint Committee of
Congress <>n Public Punting; and H t*h<ill he the duty of
that joint eommiitee—
That is, after they are so transmitted to them—
to appoint some competent pei^on, who shall edit and
select such poitionsot the documents so placed m their
hands a-5 shall, in the judgment oi the committee, be de-
sirable for popular distribution, and to prepate an index to
the same.
It seems to me that that section looks to a ses-
sion of the joint committee from the 1st of No-
vember.
Mr. COLLAMER. Every other year they
cannot exist.
Mr. HALE. As the Senator from Vermont
well suggests, they cannot be in existence on the
1st day of November every other year, because
they would have expired by limitation on the
previous 4th of March.
Several Senators. It is time to adjourn.
Mr. ANTHONY. This can be amended in
one moment, and I am very anxious to have the
bill finished to-night. ' The objection is well
taken,and it is easily corrected by saying " on or
before the 1st day of November in each year, to
the Superintendent of Public Printing," instead
of "Joint Committee of," and " and that it shall
be the duty of the Joint Committee on Printing
to appoint," &c.
Mr. HALE. The difficulty- then is as sug-
gested by the Senator from Vermont, that every
other year there will be no joint committee.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Joint Committee on
Printing will appoint some suitable person to edit
the documents, and he will remain until some
other person is appointed.
Mr. COLLAMER. Who is to decide what is
to be publishml ?
Mr. ANTHONY. That person.
<Mr. HALE, No, "It shall be the duty of
that joint committee to appoint some competent
person, who shall edit and select such portions of
the documents so placed in their hands as shall,
in the judgment of the committee, be desirable for
popular distribution."
Mr. ANTHONY. Mr. President 
Mr. GRIMES. Let us adjourn.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have the floor.
Mr. GRIMES. When the Senator yields the
floor I shall move to adjourn, for the reason that
there is a question in this measure: it proposes to
go into the hook-publishing business, and I want
to hear that discussed.
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not yield the floor.
If the Senator from Iowa desires to discuss the
bill, I certainly shall not press it now; but 1 was
not aware of that. 1 supposed that only this
amendment remained, and that it would take but
a few minutes to dispose of the bill. The section
has been altered sincc it was revised by me, and
I see the force of the objection of the Senator from
New Hampshire. I can readily propose an
amendment to obviate it, but if the Senator from
Iowa wishes to discuss any portion ol* the bill I
shall not press it now.
Mr. GRIMES. I did not say and I do notnow
say that 1 propose to discuss the bill, but I said
that this is a new proposition entirely; it author-
izes the Committee on Public Printing, fir the
agent that they may appoint, to direct the pub-
lishing of a certain number of publicdocuments,
whichever they may selcet, not for distribution
among the members alone, but for sale in such a
manner as may be designated.
Mr. ANTHONY. In such a manner as is
designated in the bill; that is, the purchaser pay-
ing the money before the documents arc printeu.
Mr. GRIMES. That is anew question; ithas
not been discussed by the Senator from Rhode
Island or anybody else; and I think that before
we establish a rule of that description the Senate
should give more consideration to it than we are
prepared to give to it this evening. That is my
impression. It is a very important question out
of which a great many complications and a very
large expense may grow.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Senator will allowme
to amend this section first, and then I will give
way to a motion to adjourn. 1 move to amend
the first section so that it will read 
Mr. HALE. I think you had better take time
to look at that.
Mr. ANTHONY. Very well.
Mr. HALE. I move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, May 17, 1864.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Dr. Hosmer, of Buffalo, New York.
The Journal of yesterday was read andapproved.
NAVY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, from the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes be-
tween the two Houses on the Navy appropria-
tion, bill, submitted the following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses or the amendments to the bill (H. R.
No. 151) u making appropuations for the naval service for
the year ending June 30, 1865," have met, and aftoi a fuV
