3286
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 27,
hesitation in saying that it is one of the most able
contributions to this question that has ever ap-
f eared in our country or in any other country.
t sheds great light on the presentcondition of the
freodrnen of our country and on our duties in re-
gard to them in the future.
Now, sir, it has been reduced to writing. It
is not a verbal report. It has been formally com-
municated to the Secretary of War, and the Sec-
retary of War has formally communicated it to
us. Now, shall the document be allowed to rest
in the office of the Secretary of the Senate, where
of course it will be accessible to comparatively
few—perhaps no person will look it through
there—or shall itbe imparted to the public ? This
commission will have been constituted in vain, I
may say literally in vain, if we do not commu-
nicate the result of its inquiries to the public. I
hope there will be no hesitation in agreeing to the
motion to print.
Mr. COWAN. I did not object from any
special reason arising from the nature of the pub-
lication proposed, but my opposition was gen-
eral, intended to apply to all publications which
we could do without at this time. That is my
motion. I think there should not be a single dol-
lar expended except on the ground of necessity.
Everything that could be avoided at this time
especially should beavoided. 1 would ask under
what law these commissioners were appointed,
and by what authority they have gone to all this
pains to make this elaborate report, and whether,
if it be such a valuable report as is here sup-
posed, it cannot be put before the country in
some other way than by the expenditure of the
public money, in this age of publication, when
every table in every house is loaded with inform-
ation of all kinds and on all subjects, when the
whole country is flooded with newspapers desir-
ous and anxious to obtain that particular species
of information which would interest the people,
I should think there was machinery enough in
existence which would gratuitously give to the
people all thf>y desire to know on this subject.
Mr. ANTHONY. I wish to say a word on
the general remark of the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania. This particular resolution I shall leave to
the Senator from Massachusetts who introduced
it, and who is more familiar with the subject than
I am. It has been the object of the Committee
on Printing at this session to reduce the public
printing to the lowest possible amount, and we
have been oftener voted down by the Senate in-
creasing the number we proposed to print than
by diminishing it. A bill has just been passed
by both Houses which was reported by that com-
mitter, and which I think will materially reduce
the cost of the public printing, arid eventually
lead to the documents being furnished to the pub-
lic with very little expense to the Government,
to bu purchased by persons who really want them
and care for them, and who will pay the coat of
printing and paper. That will be the ultimate
result. This particular publication will cost be-
tween seven and eight hundred dollars. The mat-
ter was considered of sufficient importance to be
intrusted to a commission consisting of very able
and distinguished men, and in some"form or other
the results should be laid before the public.
Mr. COWAN. Was there any law author-
izing tin; commission-?
Mr. ANTHONY. That was a matter which
we did not investigate because it was not within
our province. Our province was to ascertain what
this publication would cost, and to judge whether
it was woith the cost. We thought it was, but
at the same time we are not at all strenuous upon
the point.
Mr. COWAN. I think the committee should
have confined themselves to printing that which
was authorized by law.
Mr. HALE. 1 want to inquire of the chair-
man of the Committee on Printing whether the
usual number of this document has been ordered
to be printed.
Mr. ANTHONY. The usual number has been
ordered.
Mr. HALE. I should think that was enough.
Mr. ANTHONY. The extra number will cost
nothing for type-setting. It will merely cost the
expense of press-work and paper, it will cost
much less proportionally to print three thousand
copies than to print the usual number, which is
fine thousand five hundred and fifty.
Mr. HALE. I suppose that is not one of .the
peculiarities of this report.
Mr. ANTHONY. No, it is general.
Mr. HALE. Then 1 think the usual number
is enough.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WILLEY. I wish to inquireof the chair-
man of the Committee on Printing whether this
commission was authorized by law under any act
of Congress to make this report.
Mr. ANTHONY. That question was asked
before. The Committee on Printing did not in-
vestigate thatsubject. They did not consider that
within their province, nor have the committee
read the report.
Mr. WILLEY. On this side of the House we
heard scarcely any of the discussion in conse-
quence of gentlemen on the other side speaking
so low. My impression is that the question of
the freedmen is going to be a very important
question hereafter; and if this information comes
under authority of law in a shape that would
throw light on the subject in any official form I
should be glad to have it; but we should not au-
thorize the publishing of mere fugitive produc-
tions.
Mr. ANTHONY. This report was officially
communicated to Congress by the Secretary of
War, and we presumed of course that he had au-
thority for doing it. We did not go behind the
act of the Secretary of War. It would hardly be
proper for us, i conceive, to examine into the le-
gality of the commission or of the proceedings
which have resulted in any report that is sub-
mitted to us. I believe some of the Senators think
that the Department of Agriculture is unconsti-
tutional, but wedid not take that matter into con-
sideration when we reported the resolution to
print copies of the agricultural report.
Mr. IIENDRLCKS. A wish to ask the chair-
man of the committee a question, and that is
whether the commission which has been making
these investigations was raised pursuant to any
authority of law.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think gentlemen on the
other side of the House must hear very indis-
tinctly to-day, fur I have just answered that ques-
tion, and I answered it twice before. The com-
mittee know nothing about this report except that
it was officially communicated to the Senate by
the Secretary ofWar. They presumed, of course,
that he had a right to do it; and as the Senate
accepted it and referred it to the Committee on
Printing, the only question the committee took
into consideration was, how much it would cost
to publish it and whether the information it con-
tamed was of sufficient value to make the publica-
tion advisable, and on that they rather took the
opinion of the Senator from Massachusetts and
others who had read the report than their own
judgment. None of us read it unless perhaps the
Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Powell.] He may
have gone through it, but I am sure no other
member of the committee has. He can answer
for himself.
Mr. HENDRICICS. I shall certainly not vote
to go to the expense of publishing every docu-
ment that conies befoie the Senate. J think it is
a violent presumption on the partofthe Commit-
tee on Printing that everything done by the War
Departmentisdonepursuantto law. The Senator
from Rhode Island presumes that withoutexam-
ining any statute on the subject. Here isadocu-
ment that comes before us from a commission not
known to any law as far as I am aware. The
commission was organized by some Department
of the Government. Whether the members are
paid or not, I am not prepared to say, but! pre-
sume they are not working without pay. The
committee report to us that this document has not
been read by any member of the committee.
Whether it is worth anything or not, whether it
is worth any portion of the cost to the Govern-
ment or not, the committee are not prepared to
say. The committee say that they gat some in-
formation from other gentlemen; but is the Senate
to incur a cost to theGovernment on information
like that? It does not come from any body of
men organized pursuant to law; it has not been
read by the committee; but simply now, as the
committee assure the body, because the Senator
from Massachusetts has told the committee that
it is a document worthy of publication, we are to
go to the expense of publishing it.
When a document comes here pursuant to law,
I do not ask the question whether it is valuable
or not; it ought to be published that we may
know what the Departments of the Government
are doine; but this document does not come be-
fore the Senate with that force. It is not the report
oftheproceedmgs of any Department of theGov-
ernment, or of any commission organized pursu-
ant to law, but it is, as I understand it, an irreg-
ular proceeding outside of law; and we are asked
to publish it, for what purpose? Not to see what
the Government is doing, not to see what the
opinion of any Department of the Government is
in respect to any great question, but to see what
facts and arguments a certain set of gentlemen,
irresponsible so faras law is concerned, have seen
fit to present in some communication which they
have made to the War Department. When such
a document is asked to be printed at the expense
of the Government by the Printing Committee,
that committee ought to have examined it and to
be able to state to the Senate that it is worthy of
this expenditure of the public money. If it svas
an account of the doings of the Secretary ofWar
or of any officer under him, I grant that it being
reported here in pursuance of law the presump-
tion would be that the people ought to know it;
but when the War Department sees fit to send
here facts collated and arguments presented by
certain gentlemen not authorized by law to collate
the facts or present the arguments, the committee
ought to have examined the document so as to be
able to inform the Senate whether intrinsically it
is worthy of publication at the public expense.
If it is such a document as Senators wish to go
to the country, let them meet the expense out of
their own pockets and not ask the Government to
bear it unless the document comes here from some
Department.according to law.
It is suggested to me by a Senator nearby that
we published General McClellan's report. That
was a public document. It related to the proceed-
ings of the Army in an important period of our
history, and the doings of a Department of the
Government. It was proper to publish it upon
general principles. If this is a document worthy
of publication let it seek the channels that oth^r
private enterprises have to se^k. If it will pay
for the expense of its publication let the publish-
ers of the country take hold of it and present it
to the people.
Mr. CONNESS. It is perhaps a little unfor-
tunate—it is strange at least, if not unfortunate—
that nothing can be introduced here involving the
poor, miserable negro, that is not either illegal or
unconstitutional. Why is not this leport made
in pursuance of law? Has the President as the
Executive of this Government not the right to in-
stitute a commission to inquire into the adminis-
tration of affairs, and this particular branch of
administration that the country has taken charge
of? Surely he has. There can scarcely be a ques-
tion raised on that point. The other day a report
came here, one of the ablest I am told ever made
from the Treasury Department, and it was offi-
cially stated that that report was prepared by
three distinguished gentlemen; but there was no
question about its being the act of th#  head of the
Treasury Department, and I apprehend there is
no question either about this report being the act
of the President. He speaks through the com-
mission that he has appointed. They have col-
lected facts and collated them and presented them
to the War Department, and through that De-
partment they are transmuted to this body, and
the question is, shall they be published; shall a
certain number of copies be printed? It involves
an expense of about seven hundred dollais, I be-
lieve, and it is immediately discovered to be un-
constitutional and void for want of legal author-
ization ! I hope, sir, we shall have a time when
this whole negro subject will be disposed of, and
when we can take up some subject and vole upon
something without its impeding the progress of
public business.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Allow me to ask the
Senator from California a question. The Sena-
tor says objection has been made to this because
of its want of constitutionality. I did not hear
that objection made. I wish to ask the Senator
whether the head of a Department has the right to
appoint officers not known to the law, to appoint
