1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3287
acommission of three men and pay them salaries,
and have the report made by them regarded as an
official report, when no such commission is known
to the laws of the land ?
Mr. CONNESS. I do not understand that this
commission was appointed by any Department,
but by the President of the United States, who is
charged with the administration of the laws and
With the conduct of the Government.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think the Senate is pre-
cluded from inquiring into the official character of
this document. Senators forget that this docu-
ment was communicated to the Senate by the Sec-
retary of War, in obedience to a resolution of the
Senate. On the 26th of last month the Senate
passed a resolution calling on the Secretary of
war to communicate to us this report. The Sec-
retary has done so, and now the question is
whether we shall print it or not. I admire very
much the theory of the Senator from Indiana,
that it is the duty of the Committee on Printing
not only to read at length and critically examine
every document presented to them, but also to
go into the legality and constitutionality of all
the proceedings of the officers by whom a docu-
ment is communicated. If it was not so very near
the close of the session, I should certainly move
that the Senator from Indiana be added to the
Committee on Printing, and we should endeavor
to keep him very fully occupied during the whole
time. Next session I hope that the committee
will consist of four, and that the Senator will be
added for that particular purpose. I hold in my
hand the communication from the Secretary of
"War, which i will read. It is very brief.
War Department, June 22, 1864.
Sir: tn compliance with the resolution of the Senate,
dated May 26^ 1864,1 forwaid herewith a copy of the pre-
liminary report, and also of the final rcpoit ol the American
Freedmsiu's Inquiry Commi^ion, which comprise all the
papers deemed pioper for publication.
Very respectiully, Sec., E. M. STANTON,
Secretary oj TVar.
Hon. Djlntft. Clark:,
Prcudcnt pro tempore United States Senate,
That is the report the committee have recom-
mended shall be printed.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I believe this is a propo-
sition to print a report made by Robert Dale
Owen. I once read a book published by that
distinguished gentleman called Footfalls on the
Boundary of Another World, and 1 think that
anybody who has ever read that book and been
cheated out of $1 25 will never want to read any-
thing else coming from the pen of Robert Dale
Owen. Such a conglomeration of infidelity and
nonsense was never before published to the peo-
ple of this country, and I apprehend that the man
who could write such a book as that is not capa-
ble of writing anything that is worthy of the
perusal of any member of the Senate, and there-
fore I shall vote against this resolution.
Mr. WADE. 1 have taken occasion to read
this document all through; and if 1 favored the
institution of slavery in any of its forms, I would
oppose its publication to the last, for I know of
no document in the English language that sets
forth the deformities of that institution in practice
more vividly than does this document. I have
no doubt it is truthful in every word. I know
some of the gentlemen who were on the commis- i
sion; and I say again that if 1 favored the in- '
stitution of slavery and wished to cover up its
deformity, I would vote against this publication
and if 1 could get rid of it by technicalities or by
pettifogging I would do it. I think these sug-
gestions about this being unauthorized are after-
thoughts. I think gentlemen have probably read
the document. Why did they not oppose send-
ing it to the committee? If we have no jurisdic-
tion over it and nothing to do with it, why was
not the objection made then? It seems to me
strange that an objection of this kind comes at
this late hour after we have called on the Secre-
tary of War to give us this report, and in com-
pliance with our request he has sent it here and
we have refeired it to a committee for the very
purpose of ascertaining whether it ought to be
printed and they have reported that it ought to be.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 24, nays 8; as tollows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Iirown, Clark, Collamer, Con-
fess, foot, Foster, Grimes, Hiitri.-, Howe, bane ol Indi-
ana, Lane of Kansas, Morgan, MotriU, Pouieroy, Ramsey,
Sherman, Sprague, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, V\ ade,
Wilkinson, and Wilson—24;
NAYS—Messrs. Buckalew,Carllle, Cowan, Davi>,Hety.
dricks, McDougall, Salisbury, and Van Winkle—8.
ABSENT.—Messrs. Chandler, Dixon, Doolmlo, Fessen-
den. Hale, Harding. Harlan, Henderson, Hicks, Howard,
Johnson, Nesmitli, Powell, Richardson, Kiddle, Willey,
and Wright—17.
So the resolution was agreed to.
EUMIALET BROWN, JR.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the memorial of
E. Brown, jr., praying for additional compensa-
tion for his services as artist in the naval expedi-
tion to Japan under Commodore Perry, have in-
structed me to report a bill for his relief. It is a
very small affair, and I ask for the present consid-
eration of the bill.
By unanimous consent the bill (S. No. 334) for
the relief of Eliphalet Brown, jr., artist in the
Japan expedition, was read twice, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It provides for
the payment to E. Brown, jr., of §1,800 per an-
num as artist of the late Japan expedition during
the time he was actually employed in that ser-
vice, deducting the amount already paid him as
master's mute on the expedition.
The bill was repoited to the Senate.
Mr. COLLAMER. I should like to hear some
reason for passing the bill. .
Mr. HALE. 1 will state the case to the Sen-
ator from Vermont. When the expedition of
Commodore Perry was started he wanted some
artists to take -sketches, &c., but there was no
provision in the law for doing it. He employed
three or four of them, and agreed with them that
they should go as masters' mates, and that if the
thing succeeded he would recommend to Congress
that they should be paid a certain salary. They
went; the expedition was successful; and every
one of them has been paid except Eliphalet
Brown, jr., who was one of the most eminent of
them, fie was absent from the country when the
others were paid.
Mr. COLLAMER. Was there a special act
of Congress for paying the others?
Mr. HALE. There was.
Mr. CONNESS. I should like to inquire ad-
ditionally if there is any statement from Commo-
dore Perry.
Mr. HALE. Yes, sir; there is a letter from
Commodore Perry among the papers; he speaks
very highly of this man.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading,and was read the third time,and passed.
WILLIAM P. RIMINER.
Mr. WILSON. The Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia have directed me to report
back the bill (H. R. No. 121) for the relief of
Lieutenant William P. Richner, seventy-seventh
regiment Ohio volunteer infantry, and recommend
its passage.
Mr. SHERMAN. As that bill involves only
five or six hundred dollars, six months' pay
clearly due, as everybody will see on hearing the
report, I ask that it be acted on now.
By unanimous consent, the bill was considered
as in Committee of the Whole. By it the Secre-
tary of War is to cause to be paid to William P.
Richner, first lieutenant company H seventy-
seventh regiment Ohio volunteer infantry, the
pay and emoluments of a first lieutenant trom
the 31st day of December, IS61, to the 31st day
of August, 18C2.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a thud reading, read the third time, and passed.
ARREST 01' II.  . ZIMMERMAN.
Mr. SAULSBURY submitted the following
resolution for consideration:
Resolved, That the Foeretarv of War he diiccted to in-
form the Senate whether Henry F. Zimmerman, of the
city of Washington, has been atrtMcd and imprisoned by
any order of the War Department, and if s>o, for what
cause, and under what lorm ot process
NAVY-YARD AT CAIRO.
Mr. HALE. The Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, to whom were referred the amendments of
the House of Representatives to the bill of the
Senate (No. 190) to establish a navy-yard and
depot at Cairo in the State of Illinois, report that
the Senate disagree to the amendments and ask
for a committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses.
Mr. GRIMES, i wish to know as a matter of
ofder whether a motion to concur in the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives does not
take precedence of the motion to disagree?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore- The Chairis
of opinion that it does.
Mr. GRIMES, i move, then, that the Senate
concur in the amendment made by the House of
Representatives, and L desire-to say one. word.
When this bill was before the Senate tbe other
day I stated that, so far as my knowledge ex-
tended, there was not a single individual familiar
with the subject who was in favor of the estab-
lishment of a navy-yard at Cairo, but on the con-
trary that every individual connected with the
Navy v/ho had been in the western flotilla was
opposed to it. I stated furthermore that I had a
letter from Admiral Porter? who I suppose is
more familiar with the subject than anybody in
the country, a letter volunteered by him adverse
to the proposition of establishing the navy-yard
permanently at any place by act of Congress, but
saying that if it was necessary to establish one—
of which he seemed to entertain some doubt—a
commission should be appointed of officers to ex-
amine the various points. I had not that letter
with me then. I have it now, and I propose to
read it. As I have said, it is not a letter which
was called out from Admiral Porter by anything
I wrote on the subject to him, or that any other
individual did, but was volunteered by him in view
of what he believed to be the public interest in
this connection.
Mississippi Squadron, fta.asaip Black Hawk,
Cairo, February 21,1864.
Dear Sir : T see by the papers that a resolution has been
offered in the House of Representatives to vote §300,000
for a navy yard at Cairo. This is only a move of s-pccu-
latois, and I hope that no place will be specified in the
West without the matter being examined by a competent
board of naval officers. Cano is not the place anyhow,
f do not know that wo want any navy yard appropriation
jlist yet. t have fitted out the large->tsquadron in the Navy
with a few old Fremont mortar boats convened into black-
smith shops, and a few floating carpenter shops, and can
now get along very well.
I thought Jt right to inform yon of this matter, as there
is no use to waste any more money than can be helped.
Very truly yours, DAVID I). PORTER,
Rear Jidmiral.
Hon. J. W. Grimes, United States Senate} Washingtont
District of Columbia.
I have nothing further to say exccpt that this
is a letter from a gentleman who is more conver-
sant with this subject confessedly than any other
man in the country, who has had experience for
a year and a half in that flotilla, who has built it
up almost entirely; and in his opinion 1 think
every gentleman who is connected with the pro-
fession m the West fully concurs. I have nothing
to say in regard to the particular place at this
time, but I trust the Senate will adoptthe amend-
ment of the House of Representatives, which au-
thorizes the President of the United States to
establish acommission of naval officers to go and
investigate, first, whether we need a naval depot
and navy-yardupon the western waters,and, sec-
ond, where it ought to be. I call for the reading
of the amendment of the House of Representatives.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment will be read.
The Secretary readtheamendmentofthe House
of Representatives, which was to change the title
of the bill to read, "A bill authorizing the Secre-
tary of the Navy to appoint a commission to se-
lect a site for a navy-yard and naval station on
the western waters, and for other purposes;" and
to strike out all of the bill after the enacting clause
and insert the following.'
That the Secretaryol the tfavyD^ancfhe ftcrefiy ifl.au-
Uioi ized and empowered to appoint a commission, eoiis>i«t-
iui,' of one naval officer, one officer of the engineer corps,
and one civilian, to select the most approved site for a
nuvy-yaid and naval .station on the Mississippi river, or
upon oneof its tributaries, and to report to the next session
ol Congress.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The only objection I have
to concurring in the House amendment is the de-
lay that will be occasioned by it, and the neces-
sity there is for establishing a navy-yard at an
early day and during the wai% I should have no
sort of objection 111 any othef point of view, for I
have no duubt that the board would select Cairo
as the proper place, or somewherein that vicinity;
for notwithstanding the Senator from Iowa hag
said that everybody knows that Cairo is not the
place, 1 diiFer with him altogether. I think every-
body acquainted with the western waters knows
that Cairo is the point where commodities ex-
change, where the different-classes of steamboats
