1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1335
ftcter, have observed that he developed a practical
talent, which rendered him useful not only as
champion, but also as workman in the machine
of Government. He was a supporter of the pres-
ent Administration, and of that declared policy
which, according to the motto of Algernon Sid-
ney, adopted on the arms of Massachusetts, seeks
" placid quiet under liberty"—placidamsub liber-
tale quietem. But there are few among his asso-
ciates who may not be instructed and inspired by
his magnanimous example.
He had been a life-long sold.ier of liberty—bap-
tized into the service with blood. While he was
yet young his brother, who was an editor in Illi-
nois, devoted to the slave, fell a victim to the
cause he had served so well. His fate awakened
'a wide sympathy throughout the country, draw-
ing Channing from his retirement to speak at Fan-
euil Hall, and touching with a living coal the lips
of Wendell Phillips, whose voice then and there,
for the first time, flamed forth against slavery.
It was natural that Owen Lovejoy should assume
those vows of perpetual warfare with the tyrant
murderer which ho so truly kept; tyrant mur-
derer of a cherished brother; tyrant murderer of
liberty,notonly on the plantation buteverywhere
throughout the4and; lyrantmurdcrcr of the Con-
stitution, which guards alike the rights of States
and citizens; and tyrant murderer of national
peace, without which there can be no true pros-
perity or hapniness. Thus, as a soldier of liberty
he began, ami he kept his harness on to the last.
He was oncof the most amiable of men, wiiose
hen11 was abundant with goodness and gentleness,
and whose countenance streamed with sunshine.
But on this account he was only the more inex-
orable toward a wiong which was so cruel m all
its influences. A child of the New Testament, he
was no stranger to the early Hebrew spirit, and
he had little patience with those who, bom among
northern schools and chuiches, strove to arrest or
mitigate the doom of slavery. The famous curse
of Meroz,, so solemnly denounced against neu-
trality , which had bet n echoed ftom ancient Judea
by English Puritans in their great contest, found
an echo also in his heart: " Curse ye Meroz,.said
the angel of the Lord; curse ye bitieily the inhab-
itants thereof because they came not to the help
of the Lord; to the help of the Lord against the
mighty." (Judges, chap. 5, vei se 23.) Of couise
in this spirit he used plain words, and did not
hesitate. But if he did not hesitate Jt was because
he saw clearly the path of duty. Amiability did not
make him doubt. He was a positive man of pos-
itive principles, who knew well how much was
always lost by timid counsels,especially on great
occasion?. Because there were some abou! him
who were skeptical and irresolute, lie was not
disheartened; btft he preserved to the last an ex-
ample of fidelity which history will piously en-
shrine. His own illustrations were from the sacred
writings; but a heathen poet lias ^iven a warning
which is a part of the lesson of his life:
ti Old Priam1?- a<ro or Nestor's may [jo out,
And tJiou, O Taurus f-tili go on m doubt.
t.'ome, then, how ionij Mich waveim? ^Imll we
Thou nuy'bt oit; but then thoult nothing bo."
But of all doubts, there are none moie painful
or indefensible than those by which human rights
ire put in jeopardy.
Hp was a Representative of Illinois, born in
Ma me when Maine was apartof Massachusetts,
so that he was m a certain sense aconnectinghnk
between the East and the West. The welcome
which he found in the West, and his complete as-
sociation with that region, while his sympathies
overflowed to his early home, attest better than
arguments the ligaments which bind together
these different ports of our common Union; so
that, should hereafter any malignant spirit seek
to sow strife between us, his name alone will be
a standing protest against the perversity. Born
in the East, he was honored in the West. Hon-
ored in the West, he never lost his love for the
East. But the whole country, not excepting the
South, had a home in his patriotic, hospitable,
and capacious heart. lie hated shivery; but he
loved his country in eveiy part with heait, soul,
and minu.
He way of the Old Guard of anti-slavery, and
we bury him with the honors thnt belong to him.
Flags areat half mast, and funei al guns are sound-
ing in our hearts. But from his new-made gia\e
he speaks now to the whole vast Republic, ani-
mating all good citizens to labor as he labored,
and to live as he lived, that this land may be re-
deemed. Especially does he speak to the State
which honored him in life, and to those associate
States, which constitute the mighty Northwest,
where he had found the home of his mature years
—Indiana, Michigan, Wisconsin, Iowa, Minne-
sota—exhorting them to take up bravely and with-
out faltering the cause which he had made his own,
that it may not lose by his death. But alas! the
vigilance of many will be nepded to supply the
place which he filled.
Such a character must be mourned in Congress;
but he will be mourned throughout the country
at all those virtuous firesides where fathers, mo-
thers, brothers, and sisters speak of those who
have helped the cause of human happiness on
earth. And there is another company who can-
not yet pronounce his name, but who, as they
hear how truly he was their friend, will rise to
call him blessed. Aheady, unseen of men, in vast
uncounted procession, the slaves of the Union
help to swell his funeral.
The resolutions were adopted neni. con.; and
the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, March 29, 1864.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
bv the Chaplain, Rev. W. H. Chakxixg.
7rhe Journal of yesterday was road and approved.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE.
Mr. ELIOT. Mr. Speaker, [ ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to be allowed to re-
port from the Commuter on Commerce several
bills of a public nature on Friday next. I shall
be absent from the city when the committee is
called, and therefore I make (his request.
Mr. HOLM AN. I do not desire to object, but
I do desire to prevent the business of the Com-
mittee on Commerce occupying the time on Friday
so as to prevent the consideration of private busi-
ness.
Mr. ELIOT. These measures will not occupy
more lhan an hour and a half at the furthest. They
are bills of a good deal of importance.
Mr. HOLMAN. Saturdays have been set
apart for public business, and we have only Fii-
days for the consideration of pnvate bills. I
hope the gentleman will limit his time to less than
an hour and a half.
Mr. ELIOT. J hope the gentleman will not
object. 1 do not think it will take more than an
how, but I woTdd not like to be limned in time.
Mr. 1J0LMAN. Say during the morning
hour.
Mr. ELIOT. Very wpII.
No objection being made, leave was granted to
I the Committee on Commerce to icpoi t public bilta
! on Friday next during the morning hour.
j hEAtJG OF ABSENCE,
i Mr. ANCONA asked and obtained leave of
: absence from the sittings of the House for his
! colleague, Mr. Stiles, who was called home on
I important business, for three weeks from yester-
i day.
| Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, asked and
! obtained leave of absence from the sittings of the
; House for his colleague, Mr. Arnold, for ten
! days.
j Mr. BAILY asked and obtained leave of ab-
j sence from the sittings of the House for a few
' days from to-morrow.
Mr. HALE asked and obtained leave of ab-
sence from the sittings of the House for his col-
league, Mr. McAllister, for one week from
; to-day.
i NORTHWESTERN PACIFIC KAILHOAD.
! Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, 1 ask to have
! Saturday m xt fixed for the consideration of the
! Noi th western Pacific railroad, reported from the
| select committee on the Pacific raihoad. It was
( the fifth bill reported this session, and m order
J not to have it obstruct public business I have let
| it he til! this time. I nm\ ask to have Saturday
next, after the morning hour, set apart lot Us con-
i sideration.
Mr. WILSON. I ask the gentleman fntm Penn-
sylvania whether thei e ut e not ot'n* \ bills of more
importance to the country awaiting action by the
House? ,
_ Mr. STEVENS. I do not think that the con-r
sideration of this bill on Saturday next will ob-
struct anything. We have heretofore devoted
Saturdays to talk.
Mr. WILSON. I think we had better go on
and consider the currency bill. I understand that
to-day and to-morrow have keen set aside for tlm
consideration of reports from the Committee on
Naval Affairs. I think we had better get this cur-
rency bill and some otheffe out of the way before
.we take up that railroad bill.
Mr.STEVENS. Ithink thecurrency bill will
be out of the way before Saturday. The gentle-
man from Iowa has the right to object. Does he
object?
'Mr. WILSON. I do object.
GEORGE W. ASIIBUKN.
Mr. HALE, by unanimous consent* introduced
two bills for the relief of George W. Ashburn;
which were severally read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee of Claims.
COLLECTION OF NAVAL HOSPITAL IWH)S.
Mr.WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker,
since the commencement of the war there have
been a great many American vessels sold in for-
eign ports, and the consequence has been, that the
hospital dues have not been collected. The Sec-
retary of the Treasury has sent to the Committee
on Commerce a bill authorizing the collection of
hospital dues in foreign ports. I am directed by
the Committee on Commerce to report it, and I
ask leave to do so.
There being no objection,
Mr.WASHBURNE, of Illinois, reported from
the Committee on Commerce a bill to provide for
the collection o£,hospital dues from vessels of the
United States sold or transferred in foreign ports
or waters; which was read a first and second
time.
The bill authorizes and requires, in case of the
sale or transfer of any vessel of the United States
in foreign ports or waters, the consul, vice consul,
commcreial agent, or vice commercial agentof the
United Slates, within whose consulate or district
such sale or transfer is made, to collect from the
master or agent of such vessel all moneys duo to
the United Stales under the act for the relief of
sick and disabled seamen, approved July 16,1798;
and also requires such consular agent to retain
possession of the papers of such vessel till such
dues are paid; in default of which, the sale or £
transfer shall be -void, except as against the
vender. The act is not to take effect until the ex-
piration of sixty days from and after its passage.
The following letter from the Secretary of the
Treasury was read:
TREA.srRY Department,
January 21, 1864.
Pfr: 1 imve received youi note of the 19th instant. in-
eloping copy uf a resolution oi the House o( Representa-
tives in lejiaid to the collection oftiospital dues, J'lom ve -
{•f'l-ioi the Uiut"ilSlate* Hold m fotej«n port**; and a£re<'.it«]y
to \our tiansmit a bill incorporating my viaws
upon flic biibp'Ct.
With great les-pect, P. P. CilASE,
6'c<) clary of the Trcasin j.
Hon. E. Ii. Washbukne, Chuii man of Committee of Cmw-
merce, ITnitfd State* House of Jlcyrmcntatives.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time: mid being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WASHBURN E, of Illinois, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DJOPOSJTAUY Off PUBLIC MONEY*.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, by unani-
mous consent, reported back adversely from the
Committee of Claims a bill (H. R. No. 92) to regu-
late the compensation of the depositary of public
moneys at Chicago; which was laivl on the table.
COLORADO STATE GOVERNMENT.
Mr. BENNET, by unnmmoua consent, intro-
duceda bill supplementary to an act entitled "An
act to enable the people of Colorado to lorm a
constitution and State goveiumenf, and for the
admission of said State into 'he Union on an
equal footing with the original States/* approved
Mai eh 'J1, which was read a ftrsU and
Mine, and referred to the Committee on Tci Htorics
