290
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
ifte Senator from Rhode Island very superfluous.
Of course the whole correspondence is in the pos-
sessionofthe rebel authorities. They have re-
ceived all the correspondence that .has been di-
rected to fhem or any of their agents on the part
of the Government of the United States, ana of
course they have retained copies of their own cor-
respondence. The only parties to this matter are
the rebelsand the Governmentofthe United States.
How is it possible that it can be nccessary to
rwithhold any .of this correspondence to subserve
t^e pu-blie interests ? - The rebel government have
it; our Government have it. The only other par-
ties to the affair are the people of the United States,
•and it seems to me that the people of the United
States, the sovereigns in theory at least of this
country, have a right to demand that that corre-
spondence be thrown before them. I think,.sir,
that the resolution ought to pass without any ex-
ception or any reservation. If it was a matter of
correspondence between our Government and a
foreign Government, I concede-that the gentle-
man's suggestion would be eminently proper and
indeed imperative; but between the rebels who are
in possession of the whole correspondence and
our Government—this affair being limited to these
two parties—it seems to me that the usual quali-
fication of such a resolution is altogether unneces-.
sary.
Mr. ANTHONY. Ifthe resolution isdirected
to the President*—I was not aware of it—it seems
to me these words should go in as a matter of
course. I think it is hardly respectful to pass a
resolution without that qualification. I think it
is always the case that this limitation is inserted
in such resolutions.
Mr. "SUMNER. I think the Senate is hardly
prepared to actfinnlly on this resolution. I would
therefore move to postpone that and all prior or-
ders in order to proceed with the order of the day.
The Senator from Delaware is in his seat, who, I
understand, proposes to address the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts moves to postpone this subject and
all prior orders for the purpose of proceeding to
the consideration of the unfinished business of
yesterday.
The motion was agreed to.
OATII OF OFFICE.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
following resolution of Mr. Sumner:
Resolved, That the following bo added to the rules of the
Senate: *
The oath or affirmation prescribed hjiactof Congress
of July 2, 1862, to bo udym and subscribed before entering
upon the duties* of ortieo, shall ho taken and subscribed by
every Senator in open Senate before entering upon his du-
ties. It shall also betaken and subscribed In the Mime
way by the Kecietary of-the Senate} but the other officers
of the Senate may take and subscribe it m the office of the
Secretary.
The pending question being on the amendment
of Mr. Saulsbury, to strike out all after the word
" resolved,'* and inseit the following:
That the. Committee on the Judiciary be instructed to in-
quire whether Senatois ar d Repiesentatives in Congress
uro included within the provisions ol the act of Congress
entitled k'An act to prescribe an oath of office, and for other
piii poses," appioved July 'J, 18G2,< nd whether the said act
U in accordance or in conflict vvuii the Constitution ol the
Untied States.
Mr, JOHNSON." Mr. President, the resolu-
tion upon your table, as I understand it, offers for
the. consideration of the Senate three questions.
The first is, whether the act of July 2, 1862, re-
quiring an oath to be taken by cot tain officers of
the Govei nmenf, includes Senators. The second
is, if it does include Senators, whether to thatex-
tent it is constitutional. The third is, whether, if
it has not operation by its own force but is to be-
come operative only by the Senate's adopting the
rule which forms the subject of the resolution
upon your table, it is expedient to adopt it. I pro-
pose, as briefly as I may consistent with perspi-
cuity, to examine each of those questions in the
order in-which I have stated them; and in doing so,
Mr. President, it is very far fjom my purpose to
explain away the meaning of the statute; and
according to my view of the duty of a Senator
such a purpose would be anything but its faithful
discharge, even if I possessed any superfluity of
learning, to which the honorable member from
Rhode Island [Mr. Anthony] referred, and I was
capable by means of such superfluity of carrying
away the plain meaning of terms, or if I pos-
sessed thataeuteiH'ss of criticism to which he also
adverted, I should be incapable of using it for the
purpose of explaining away the clear meaning of
the language to be found in any statute.
As I understand the relation in which we are
toward the country, it is much higher than that
which belongs to the mere forensic officer who is
often called upon to defend the wrong and to de-
feat the right, to protect the guilty as well as to
shield the innocent; and he but faithlessly dis-
charges that duty if he does not resort to all proper
and admissible modesof argumen t which may lead
to the successful result of his effort. But that is
not the function of a Senator, and it is especially
not his function when called upon to vote on such
a proposition as the one now pending. His func-
tion is quasi judicial, and he is to bring to the
consideration of every question which may be
before the Senate all the coolness and all the
frankness and all the maturity which should ever
characterize the judicial office. 1 wish it, there-
fore, to be understood by the honorable member
from Rhode Island, as well as by. others, that in
what I am about to say upon the subject before
the Senate I speak under the sense of the same
responsibility that I should have if I was admin-
istering justice in the highest court of the land. I
shall speak only of my own opinions, and endeavor
only to maintain them by such arguments as I
believe are well founded.
Before I proceed, Mr. President, with this ex-
planation, to discuss the particular questions
which I am about to debate, there are some gen-
eral considerations which in my view belong to
the subject. The Government which we are here
to administer has all its powers, whatever they
majf be, from the Constitution. It had no ante-
rior existence. It came into life with that instru-
ment, and it came into life with only such func-
tions as that instrument conferred upon it. The
rule of interpretation when we are called upon to
interpret the Constitution of the United States as
regards its powers is not the rule which governs
in the interpretation of State constitutions. Prom
the beginning of the Government to the present
hour in every department of it, legislative, execu-
tive, and judicial, and in every department, legis-
lative, executive, and judicial of the several State
constitutions, the principle has been recognized as
a principle not only not necessary to be proved but
proving itself, that in order to ascertain whether a
particular power exists in the Government of the
United States in either of its departments you are
to look to the Constitution for the pu rpose of ascer-
taining whether it is there delegated. When you
are called upon to interpret a State constitution in
relation to the same inquiry, the rule is that you are
to look into the State constitution for the purpose
of ascertaining whether it is there prohibited. If,
in the latter case, the subject itself be one of a
judicial character, one of an executive character,
or one of a legislative character—and the consti-
tution divides the departments into executive, ju-
dicial, and legislative—all powers properly exec-
utive, properly judicial, and properly legislative
are vested in those several departments unless
there is to be found in the constitution of the par-
ticular State some restriction.
The difference, then, between the mode of in-
terpreting the powers of the two Governments is
that, in relation to the last, all powers exist un-
less they are prohibited; in relation to the first,
that no power exists unless it be delegated; or, to
state it in different words, that the absence of a
delegation of the power in the Constitution of the
United States is restrictive of the power, just as
effectually as is the existence of a restriction in
a State constitution restrictive of the particular
power. When Senators, therefore, are called upon
to decide whether any particular subject is with-
in the sphere of the legislative department of the
United States, it is incumbent on those who al-
lege that it is to show that jt is to be found in
some .one of the powers delegated to that depart-
ment of the Government of the United States. I
do not mean that they are obliged to show thatit
is there by words of express delegation; but they
are bound to show that it is there by delegation,
express or implied. Failing in that, they fail in
establishing the existence of the power.
With these remarks, Mr. President, I proceed
to call the attention of the Senate, as far as it will
suit them to give it to me, to the consideration of
jj the questions which I have stated in their order,
:! First, then, what is the meaning of the act of
July, 1862, as far as it affects this question ? Does
it or does it not embrace a Senator? I think not.
When I had the honor of appearing in this body
in March last, I stated briefly—the occasion did
'not warrant, as I thought, anything but a brief
statement—why it was that I supposed the act
did not embrace the case of a Senator, and why
it was that I supposed if it did it was without
authority. But, because of the character of the
act and the particular condition of the country,
and from an unwillingness to have it even con-
jectured on any ground, however feeble, that I
was not as loyal as he must be who takes that
oath, I took it and I would take it again as long as
the Senate shafi not have decided that there is no
power to enforce it.
But the question is How before us, does that
act embrace the case of a benator? Now, if there
beany principle established as a principle of sound
constitutional law, without which the Government
cannot progress satisfactorily, beneficially, it is
that these questions when they arise3 or any ques-
tions of constitutional law when they have arisen
and have been decided,and the decision has been
acquiesced in by every department of the Gov-
ernment, are to be considered as finally decided.
I do not mean, Mr. President, that it is upon the
ground that such a decision has the authority of
a judicial judgment, binding as authority upon
all succeeding judicial functionaries; but I mean
to say that the law of expediency, the law of
propriety, the law of safety, looking to the whole-
some administration of the Government, demands
that when questions of that sort have been so de-
cided and for years aqguiesced- in they should be
considered as settled. It was upon that ground,
as we all know, that Mr. Madison signed the act
to incorporate the Bank of the United States in
1816. He had been opposed to the original bank,
and had maintained his opinions as to the uncon-
stitutionality of the original bank with the rare
ability which characterized everything that ever1
fell from his lips or his pen; and yet he yielded
hisown individual opinion to the sentimentof the
country as that sentiment was declared through
the judicial and executive and legislative depart-
ments of the Government as the popular will.
Has, then, the principle involved in the first of
these inquiries been settled ? . I sp^ak in the pres-
ence ofSenatorsfor whose opinions I have a most
unaffected respect. The learned gentleman who
spoke yesterday—who, even with thos& who have
never heard him but once, and who have no.famtl-
iarity with him, and no knowledge of him except
what might be derived from hearing him once,is
an authority of a high order—entertains an opin-
ion adverse to my own; and I approach, there-
fore, the effort to make good my own opinion
with all the deference which belongs to the high
character and the ability of the honorable mem-
ber to whom I allude, [Mr. Collameu.] I have
known him not here for the first time. I have
known him in the councils of the nation before;
I have^een him at the council board; I have heard
over and over again words of wisdom fall from
his lips; and I have always come to the conclu-
sion that a gentleman of fairer intellect and of
more spotless integrity never adorned the coun-
cils of the nation. But 1 am here not to pin my
faith upon mere authority, bound to act upon the
teachings of* my own judgment after I have, by
every effort in my power, endeavored to inform
u as well as I was capable.
I understood the honorable member to whom I
refer as saying yesterday, in the conclusion of his
speech, characterized by his accustomed power,
little or nothing upon the first of the questions
with which 1 am now dealing. He seemed to con-
sider that the question had not been settled, but
he appeared to be satisfied that he proved that fact
when he stated it. To that mode of proof I never
could yield. Has it,then, been settled? In the
case of Blount (I shall not occupy the time of the
Senate by taking up the book) the very question
was presented, is a Senator of the United States
an officer within the meaning of that clause of the
Constitution of the United States which provides
for the impeachment of officers? and the Senate,
by a vote of 14 to 11, after an argument of great
power, pro and con.., by the managers upon the
part of the House of Representatives, Messrs.
Bayard and Harper, and by the counsel for the ac-
cused, decided that he was not; and from that day
to this there has not only been expressed no opin-
