8288
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 27,
change their cargoes. It has been made the point
now by the war.
Mi-. GRIMES. No.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is the great point, let
me tell the Senator from Iowa, whence all the
expeditions have started to the Southwest. That
is where Foote went from, that ia where Grant
went from, that is where Sherman concentrated
his army.
Mr. GRIMES. Does notthe Senator know that
the Navy Department and the officers in com-
mand there found it necessary to move every-
thing away from Cairo and take it to Mound
City, nine miles distant? They could not get
along at all at Cairo.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I know that one of the
officers has moved off to Mound City, and per-
haps Mound City is the proper place. The bill
says "at or near Cairo',"and was designed to
embrace Mound City. I think that was a mis-
take of the particular naval officer. My judg-
ment is, if I were to express an opinion—I have
seen both places—that there is a great misappre-
hension in regard to Mound City. It has a name
that carries with it the impression that it is higher
ground than Cairo. That is not true. Mound City
is just as much subject to overflow as Cairo, and it
derives its name Mound City from a Utile artifi-
cial mound not more than forty feet square, about
as big as a hay-stack. The name, Mound City,
has created, I have no doubt, in the minds of many
who do not know about Mound City, a false im-
pression as to its elevation. The ground over-
flows there the same as at Cairo and has to be
protected at both places by levees. Now there is
no protection at Mound City as there is at Cairo.
In regard to this letter of Admiral Porter, ad-
dressed to the Senator from Iowa, he regards that
as conclusive of the opinions of the Navy. Ad
miral Porter very modestly goes on to question
whether we should have any naval depot or not.
The Secretary of the Navy, who consults with
all the admirals, and to whom it is the duty of
Admiral Porter to report, and to whom, doubt-
less, Admiral Porter did report, on examination
of all the reports has recommended year after
year the establishment of a navy-yard and depot
in the West; but Admiral Porter, forsooth, lias
written a letter to a member of the Senate, in
which he doubts very much whether any yard
is necessary or not. That is his opinion about
it. I have been informed, notwithstanding what
Admiral Porter says in regard to his fitting up
the gunboats in the West and the character of the
boats we have there, that we have expended many
millions of dollars in constructing a navy upon
the western waters, and 1 have been further in-
formed that we should have saved millions of
dollars already if we had had a navy-yard and
depot in the West.
We have appropriated at this very session of
Congress more than two million dollars for the
purpose of simply repairing navy-yards all over
the country in the Bast. We appropriated
$100,000 or more for repairs of the Norfolk navy-
yard. It was proper, I presume, that it should
be appropriated. I suppose it was done on the
recommendation of the Department. Now we
have a large fleet on the western waters where
we have got no navy-yard all. Why is this op-
position to having a navy-yard upon the western
waters any more than upon the Atlantic coast,
and especially why does it come from the Sena-
tor from Iowa? Admiral Porter doubts if any
navy-yard is necessary. Perhaps Admiral Por-
ter doubts if any is necessary on the Atlantic
coast or anywhere else; and is his doubt to gov-
ern the Senate?
But, sir, I do not wish to argue this matter over
again or to take up time in reference to it. The
only objection I have to this commission arises
out of the fact that if you appoint a commission
to make this investigation you put the thing over
at the very time when it is desirable that we should
commence this work and have the benefit of the
navy-vard. I know no reason why the Senate
should defer to this volunteer opinion of Admiral
Porter. I do notknow that Admiral Porterknows
more than all the rest of the Navy in regard to
this matter. I do not know that he knows more
than the Secretary of the Navy. The annual
communication of the Navy Department which
18 sent to Congress comes through the Executive,
and that contains the suggestions of the head of
the Department. This is the first time, I believe,
in my experience here that subordinate officers
in the Army or Navy have come in with recom-
mendations in opposition to the head of the De-
partment. What are we coming to if such a prac-
tice is to prevail ? Shall each general in the Army
write a report in opposition to the recommenda-
tions of the War Department and send it here and
the Senate take up its time in reading what each
captain or colonel orgeneral may recommend ? We
had better alter our laws and make it a part of the
act of Congress that in addition to the annual re-
ports from the heads of Departments all the sub-
ordinates in those Departments shall give their
opinions. The Senator from Iowa would have
us overrule the Secretary on this volunteer opin-
ion, and not only a volunteer opinion sent to Con-
gress to control its action in opposition to the
report of the Secretary of the Navy, but it would
seem to me an impertinent interference of a sub-
ordinate officer with the recommendations of the
head of the Department. I can regard it in no
other light. I shall vote for the report of the
Committee on Naval Affairs, and I trust the Sen-
ate will sustain that report and let acommittee of
conference meet, and if they think proper after
consultation with the House committee to agree
upon a commission, as I said, there is no sort of
objection on our part to it except simply the de-
lay that will be thus occasioned.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator is astonished
that the opposition to this bill should come from
me. I will tell the Senator why I am opposed to
it. It is because I know Cairo, and I know it as
well as the Senator does. I am satisfied that it
is the place where the Government can sink the
most money with the least advantage to it and to
the service that can be found an the habitable
globe, at any rate that can be found on this con-
tinent. It ia because I love the Navy, and I want
to protect it  
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understood the Sena-
tor just now to favor Mound City. Ishouldlike
to know if Mound City has any advantage over
Cairo ?
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator is very apt to
draw wrong conclusions and to make garbled
statements which create false impressions, aa I
shall show before I am through. I have not said
that I was in favor of Mound City. I have said
in private conversation, though not in the Sen-
ate, that if the navy-yard were established at
any place in that vicinity it ought to be at Mound
City rather than at Cairo, and that I did not be-
lieve the provision of the bill as it was passed by
the Senate providing for the establishment of a
yard " at or near Cairo" would include Mound
City.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
must interrupt the Senator to call up the unfin-
ished business of Saturday, which is Senate bill
No. 171, relative to the collection of direct taxes
in insurrectionary districts.
Mr. GRIMES. I suppose we might as well
dispose of this question.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The special
order will be informally laid aside, if there be no
objection. The Chair hears none. The Senator
from Iowa will proceed.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator from Illinois says
that the letter of Admiral Porter is impertinent
because it conflicts with the recommendation of
the Secretary of the Navy. It does not conflict
with the recommendation of the Secretary of the
Navy at all. The Secretary of the Navy has
proposed that a navy-yard should be established
m the West. Admiral Porter says he entertains
a doubt as to whether we need an appropriation
atthia time for this purpose. Hesays, "I don't
know that we want any navy-yard appropriation
just yet;" and he says also, "Cairo is not the
place anyhow." In regard to that matter he has
had some experience. He has been two years
on the western waters; for a large portion of that
time he has been stationed at this very place, Caii o.
lie found, and the officers in conjunction with
him all unanimously found, that it was to the pub-
lic interest and to the personal advantage of every
person connected with the fleet to make the trans-
fer to Mound City.
The Senator says that Mound City is not higher
than Cairo, and that the only elevation at Mound
City is an artificial mound. Do you suppose that
Admiral Porter, who has been there two years,
does notknow whether Mound Ciiy is not higher
than Cairo is ? Do you suppose that he trans-
ferred the naval depot from Cairo to Mound City
merely because th'ere happened to-be a little arti-
ficial mound in the vicinity of Mound City or in
the rear of it, not bigger we are told than a hay-
stack? Is that the basis on which Admiral Por-
ter acted? He acted,I suppose, from the highest
considerations of public interest, and he believed
that the health of his squadron would be promoted
and that the public interest would be subserved by
moving the depot to Mound City; and yet it is
now proposed by act of Congress to fasten it per-
manently at Cairo.
The Senator says he would consent to the prop-
osition made by the House of Representatives if
it were not for the length of time that it will take
to establish the navy-yard. Does the Senator
suppose that we are going to establish this navy-
yard, and get workshops erected, and machinery
put into them, and mechanics assembled around
it, so as to live conveniently and healthily, with-
in the next summer or within the next two years
even? I apprehend not.
I know Cairo; I know that the levee which
keeps the water out of it is required to be as high
as the top of a two-story house; and I know, and
1 think the Senator does, that although it is only
at extreme high water, occurring once in from
three or four to ten years, that the water breaks
over the levee, yet every year in the season of
high water it slips through the levee so as to
make inside of the levee from five to ten feet of
stagnant water. Knowing as I do that more
money can be expended there than at any other
place on the Mississippi or Ohio river with less
advantage to the Government, I did feel alarmed
when I saw the Senate make the appropriation
contained in the original bill on a day when gold
was 256 in New York, and I did desire that the
appropriation should be defeated. I wanted a
commission of skillful officers app'ointed to go and
determine where this navy-yard should be estab-
lished, and not by an act of Congress, without
any recommendation from anybody, absolutely
fix it at Cairo.
The Senator wants to know whether we are
going to accept the opinion of Admiral Porter in
opposition to the opinion of every body else in the
Navy. Will the Senator tell nie who else in the
Navy is in favor of Cairo? Can he name one
officer? Not one. He lugs in here the name of the
Secretary of the Navy as being in favor of it. Has
the Secretary of the Navy proposed to establish a
navy-yard at Cairo? I have never seen any rec-
ommendation of that kind from him. The Sen-
ator seems to think that it was improper that
Admiral Porter should write me a letter on this
subject. What was it that the Senator quoted the
other day ? Did he not parade a letter of Admiral
Foote, addressed to a member of Congress from
Missouri, a private letter as this is, no more public
than this?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I presume the Senator
from Iowa does not mean to be inaccurate. That
was a case where a letter was addressed by Mr.
Noell, I think, to the Navy Department, and by
the Navy Department referred to Admiral Foote.
Mr. GRIMES. No, sir. That was a letter
addressed by Admiral Foote to Mr. Noell, a mem-
ber of Congress from Missouri. A copy of it
seems to have got into the Navy Department and
was called for by the House of Representatives.
That is my recollection of it.
Mr. TR.UMBULL. Let us not have a dis-
pute about a matter of fact. The letter of Ad-
miral Foote was transmitted to the other House
by the Department:
Navy Depaktmmt, March 7,1804.
£>ir: I liavr the honor to acknowledge the receiptor the
resolution of the House of Iiepresematives, passed on the
29Ul ultimo, requesting the Secretary of the Navy to " com-
municate to the House, if not incompatible with the public
interest, a copy of Commodore Foote's report on the neces-
sity of establishing a navj-yard and depot for naval pur-
po:>es on the western waters, and the point where the same
should be established, which report was addressea to Hon.
John W. Noell, ol the Committee on Naval Affairs, and
dated February 5, 18(>2," and, in compliance therewith, to
transmit herewith a copy of the report indicated.
Very respectfully, &c.,
GIDEON WELLES,
Secretary of the Navy.
Hon. schoyler ColTXX,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
Mr. GRIMES. Now let us look at this. This
is a letter of Admiral Foote in answer to a letter
