1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8289
from Mr. Noel!,!! member of the Naval Commit-
tee of the House of Representatives, written on
the 5th of Februaryj 1863, and, aa appears on its
face, written without any stimulation or direction
of the Naval Committee. It ia simply a letter,
neither more nor less, although it is called in the
resolution of the other House calling for it a " re-
port." The only difference between the letter of
Admiral Foote from which the Senator read when
the subject was under consideration the other day
and the letter of Admiral Porter ia that the letter
of Admiral Foote was called out by a letter ad-
dressed to him by a member of the House of Rep-
resentatives, and the letter of Admiral Porter was
not called out, but was volunteered by him. I
submit that it is hardly fair for the Senator from
Illinois to condemn Admiral Porter for writing to
me, and at the same time use aletterfrom Admiral
Foote written under very similar circumstances.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is no importance
in this matter, but it is better to be accurate and
correct, and I do not wish any wrong impression
to go out. The document which I read was a
public document, communicated to Congress by
the Secretary of the Navy as the report of Admiral
Foote. It may have been made at the instance
of a member of Congress; 1 do not know how
that was. The paper which the Senator from
Iowa has read is a private letteraddressed to him,
and never saw the Navy Department, I presume.
I should have doubted whether Admiral Porter
would be guilty of such insubordination, as I call
it, as to write a communication of that kind at
variance with the report of the Secretary of the
Navy—not the report of the Secretary of the
Navy in" favor of establishing a navy-yard at
Cairo; the Senator from Iowa misunderstood me
if he understood me to say that the Secretary of
the Navy recommended the establishment of a
navy-yard at Cairo; but what I said was that the
Secretary of the Navy recommended the estab-
lishment of a navy-yard on the western waters,
and he has recommended more than once. Ad-
miral Porter takes issue with him; he doubts the
propriety of a yard at all. That was the point
to which I called attention.
Mr. HALE. I rise simply to state the view
the committee took. I have no feeling in this
contest. The Senate, by a very decided vote, I
think four or five to one, passed the bill to es-
tablish a navy-yard at Cairo. The House of
Representatives adopted an amendment, not the
one that was proposed here, to commit the sub-
ject to a board of naval officers, but to commit it
to one naval officer, one engineer, and one civil-
ian. The Committee on Naval Affairs thought
that this was a third proposition, and that it was
better to let the bill stand as it is and send it to a
committee of conference who may probably agree
on something that will be acceptable to both
Houses. . „ ,
Mr. BROWN. I trust the attention of the
Senate will not be diverted from the merit of this
case by the side-issue that is got up here as to
Admiral Foote and Admiral Porter. It wilt be
remembered that when this matter was before the
Senate the other day the propriety of establish-
ing a commission to investigate it before proceed-
ing precipitately as had been recommended by
the Naval Committee of this body was urged.
The House of Representatives, it seems, by a
very large majority, a majority so large that the
opposition could not even get enough to call the
yeas and nays, has decided in favor of that prop-
osition and determined upon appointing a com-
mission to investigate the various localities prior
to any such establishment. The question is
whether we shall do so. I trust that those who
concur in that view will Vote for the proposition
which is made in the shape of an amendment by
the House of Representatives. I ask for the yeas
and nays. .
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted-'yeas 22, nays 9; as follows:
YlvYri Messrs. Brown, Carlile, Clark, Cotlnmer, Con-
ner Cowan, Fesscnde.ii, Foot, Grimes, Harris, Howe,
line of Indiana, Lane of Kansas Pomeroy, Riddle Sher-
man, Spragui1, Sairmer, Ten Eyck, Van Winkle, Wilkin-
son, and Wilson—22.
N AYS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Dnvis, Hale, Me-
Douealt, Morgan, Powell, Trumbull, and Wade—-9.
ABSENT—Messrs. Buekalew, Dixon, Doolittle, Poster,
Haiding, Harlan. Henderson, Hendricks, Hicks, Howard,
Johnson, Morrill, Nesxmtl), Ramsey, Richardson, Sauls-
bury, Willey, and Wright- -18.
So the amendment wa8 concurred in.
CONVENTION WITH COLOMBIA. j
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, who were instructed by a resolu-
tion of the Senate to inquire if any legislation is
needed in order to carry into effect any treaty
with the United States of Colombia, reported a
bill (S. No.335) to carryinto effect a convention
between the United States of America and the
United States of Colombia.
Mr. SUMNER. As this is a matter of practi-
cal interest and must be acted upon by the other
House during this session, I ask that it may be
proceeded with now.
By unanimous consent, the bill was read three
times, and passed. It proposes to renew, reenact,
and apply to the convention with the United States
of Colombia of February 10, 18G4, the first eight
sections of the act to carry into effect conven-
tions between the United States and the republics
of New Granada and Costa Rica, approved Feb-
ruary 20, 1861.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Hat, his Secretary, announced
that the President of the United States had ap-
proved and signed on the 25th instant the follow-
ing bills and joint resolution:
A bill (S. No. 26) to provide for the public in-
struction of youth in the county of Washington,
District of Columbia, and for other purposes;
A bill (S. No. 85) to provide for the examina-
tion of certain officers of the Army;
A bill (S. No. 115) to amend an act entitled
"An act to define the powers and duties of the
levy court of the county of Washington, District
of Columbia;"
A bill (S. No. 162) amendatory of an act en-
titled "An act to promote the progress of theuse-
ful arts," approved March 3, 1863;
A bill (S. No. 253) toamendthe actof the21st
December, 1861, entitled "An act to further pro-
mote the efficiency of the Navy;"
A bill (S. No. 265) to expedite and regulate
the printing of public documents, and for other
purposes; ,
A bill (S. No. 270) to amend an act entitled
"An act to establish und equalize the grade of line
officers of the United States Navy/" approved
July 16,1862;
A bill (S. No. 273) to amend the act of Con-
gress making donations to the settlers on the
public lands in Oregon, approved September 27,
1850, and the acts amendatory thereto;
A bill (S. No. 306) to grant to the State of Cali-
fornia certain lands for State prison purposes;
and
A joint resolution (S. No. 44) for the relief of
clerks at the Kittery and Philadelphia navy-
yards.
RAILROAD 10 THE PACIFIC.
Mr. HOWARD. The Committee on the Pacific
Railroad, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 438) to amend an act entitled "An act to aid
in the construction of a railroad and telegraph
line from the Missouri river to the Pacific ocean,
and to secure to the Government the use of the
same for postal, military, and other purposes,"
approved July 1, 1862, have instructed me to
report it back with an amendment, which amend-
ment is a substitute for the House bill,and is the
Senate bill that was passed by this body several
days ago, with a few verbal and inconsiderable
alterations; and the committee have instructed me
to ask for the present consideration of the bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I cannot consent. I must
insist upon taking up the loan bill.
Mr. HOWARD. This bill has been discussed
in all its clauses, and I really do not believe it will
occupy the time of the Senate for more than a few
minutes. If it were likely to consume much time
1 would not ask to have it taken up now.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is very important to
pass the loan bill to-day, and I cannot consent
that anything shall come up now that will lead to
debate. • i
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection be-
ing made, the bill reported by th« Senator from
Michigan cannot now be considered.
WAYS AND MEANS.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I mora to postpone all
prior orders and take up the loan bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H. K 
No; 540) to provide ways and means for the sup-
port of the Government, and/or other purposes,
was considered as in Committee pf fhe Whole.
The first amendment of the Committee on Fi-
nance was to strike out the eighth section of the
bill, which was as follows:
Sec. 8. Jlnd be it further enacted, Thai whenever any
bond, Treasury note, or certificate of indebtedness of the
United States which shall be presented to the Secretary of
the Treasury for payment, being due, or presented for con-
version under any act of Congress, shall be or shall have
been claimed by any person or corporation other than the
person or corporation in whose possession the same shaft"
be, by filing a caveat with the Secretary of the Treasury
against the payment of the same, the Secretary of the Treas-
ury shall notify such claimantin writing of the fact of such
presentation and require him within a reasonable time, to
be prescribed by the Secretary of the Treasury, to com-
mence proceedings for the adjudication of the claim before
some court of competent jurisdiction, and to give satisfac-
tory security to pay any damages occasioned by delay of
payment and costs of suit, and to transmit a duly certified
copy of the bill or complaint to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury. And in case of the failure of such claimant to comply
with such requirement, the Secretary of the Treasury shall
make payment to the party in possession of and presenting
such bond, Treasury note, or certificate of indebtedness,
or direct the conversion of the same if convertible as though
no such contesting claim had been made or caveat filed.
But this act shall not be construed to compel the Secretary
of the Treasury to suspend the payment of coupons de-
tached from bonds by whomsoever presented. - ,
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the eleventh sec-
tion to strike out the word " alter" and insert
" utter."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to add the following
proviso to the thirteenth section:
And provided further, That the foregoing provisions of
this section shall not be held or construed to deprive any
person of the right to retain in his custody and possession
and use for any lawful purpose any engraved or transferred
plate, block, or electrotype, or any die, roll, or other ori-
ginal work as aforesaid which had been used by him in
printing or engraving bank notes or other obligations be-
fore being used in printing any obligation or other security
authorized to be issued by any act of Congress; nor snail
any of said foregoing provisions he held or construed to
prohibit or restrain the lawful use by any person of any
ink color, or pigment the exclusive right to which has been
secured to any such person by letters patent which are still
in force.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Secretary of the
Treasury has sent me an amendment in order to
meet a possible difficulty that may arise. It is
to insert after " stated" in line twenty-one of
section six fhe following words:
And all coupons hearing the engraved signature of the
Reclster of the Treasury in office at the time when such
signatures were authorized and engraved shall have full
force, validity, and effect, notwithstanding such Register
may nave subsequently ceased to hold office as such, when
issued in connection with bonds duly authorized and signed
by or for the successor or successors of said Register.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. At the end of the third
section I move to insert "except 30 far as itmay
affect $75,000,000 of bonds already advertised.
The amendment was agreed to.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time. The bill was
read the third time, and |
KOOMS FOR THE AGRICULTURAL DEPARTMENT.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Agriculture to report back a joint res-
olution (H.R. No. 32) to grant additional rooms
to the Agricultural Department, and 1 ask that it
be put upon its passage now.
By unanimous consent the joint resolution was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
recites that the space assigned to the Department
of Agriculture in the Patent Office building, in-
cluded between the central crypt and the west
wing in the first story on the south front, is en-
tirely inadequate to the necessities of the Depart-
ment, two of the rooms within these limits being
used as furnace-rooms for the Patent Office, one
as a chemical laboratory, and another haying re-
cently been taken for the use of the Land Ofhce,
leaving but five rooms, with one small st°r®"r®015'
for the business of the Department; and that ad-
ditional rooms are indispensably necessary for the
convenience of the Commissioner, for the ac-
commodation of clerks engaged in the collection
and compilation of statistics and in other official
duties; for the better accommodation of the op-
