1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
lS3f
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CLERKS OF NAVAL PAYMASTERS.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, also, from the
Committee on Naval Affairs, reported back, with
the recommendation that it do pass, bill of the
House No. 300, for the classification of the clerks
to paymasters in the Navy, and graduating their
pay.
The bill was read. It authorizes the Secretary
of the Navy to divide the clerks of paymasters
into four classes or divisions, and to graduate and
fix the pay of said classes in proportion to their
respective duties and responsibilities, and to dis-
pense with the services of clerks in small vessels,
provided that the aggregate amount of the annual
compensation of said clerks ofall classesshall not
exceed the sum paid to said clerks on the Istday
of January, 1864, for the same number of vessels
and stations.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
know if this bill proposes an increase of pay.
I would ask also if the bill just passed does not
increase thp pay of officers of the Navy.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I think not. It
seems to be the purpose of the present Congress
—the wisdom of the policy I will not now stop
to consider—to oppose any increase of salaries.
The only objectof this bill is to classify the clerks
to paymasters in the Navy and to appropriate the
present sum of money for the payment of such
clerks under the new classification. The present
compensation of clerks to paymasters in ships of
the line is £700 per annum, clerks to paymasters
of frigates §500, and in smaller vessels §400. Gen-
tlemen will see atonce that these salaries are very
meager indeed for the kind of service which these
officers are called upon to perform.
Now, sir, since the present classification was
made there have been radical changes in the kind
of vessels employed in the Navy. We have none
of the uld line-of-battle ships, and none have been
to sea for twelve or fourteen years. Steam frig-
ates like the Wabash have taken the place of line-
of-battle ships, and second-class vessels like the
Hartford have taken the place of frigates; and
vessels of the class of the Hartford, which carry
a larger number of men, and are in all respects
more important vessels than the old frigates, have
paymasters' clerks receiving salaries of only §400
a year. If this bill shall pass, it is proposed, as
I understand, to divide the clerks of'paymasters
into four classes, to dispense with the services of
the pay masters'clerks now employed in the small-
est vessels, and to divide the amount appropriated
into salaries of about twelve hundred, one thou-
sand, eight hundred, and seven hundred dollars
for the respective classes one, two, three, and
four, and to require the stewards to perform the
duties at present discharged by paymasters' clerks
in vessels of the smallest class.
It will be perceived, therefore, that the bill only
classifies the paymasters' clerks, and makes anew
disposition of the money now appropriated for
their pay without asking any increase of the ap-
propriation. I ask the previous question on the
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to rcconsider upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE rUOM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. For.net,
its Secretary, informed the House that the Senate
had passed a bill (S. No. 197) for the relief of
Charles L. Nelson; in which he was directed to
ask the concurrence of the House.
LOSS OF TUB BUIG BAINBRIDGE.
Mr. RiCE, of Massachusetts, also, from the
same committee, reported back a bill (H. R. No.
297) fixing the date of the loss of the United
States brig Bainbridge, and for the relief of offi-
cers, seamen, and marmea of the same, and for
other purposes; and asked to have it put upon its
passage.
The bill, for the purpose of fixing the time at
which shall commence the pensions, under exist-
ing laws, of the widows and orphan children of
the officers, seamen, and marines, and others in
the service, lost in the United States brig Bain-
bridge, as well as the time up to which pay shall
be allowed, fixes the 21st of August, 1863, as the
day to be deemed and taken as that on which the
said brig Bainbridge foundered at sea.
The second section entitles the widows, orphan
children, parents, brothers or sisters of the officers,
seamen,&c., lost in the said brig, to receive out of
money in the Treasury not otherwise appx*opri-
ated, sums equal to twelve months' pay of their
deceased relatives aforesaid, in addition to the pay
due to them at the date of the loss of the vessel.
The third section directs the proper accounting
officers to settle the accounts of Charles C. Wal-
dron, late acting assistant paymaster of the Navy,
lost in the brig Bainbridge, with all the vouchers,
money, stores, supplies, &c., by allowing him
credit for whatever sum appears due to him on the
books of the Department.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to consid-
ering this bill in the House?
There was no objection, and the House pro-
ceeded to its consideration. *
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. Mr. Speaker,
the brig Bainbridge was a vessel of the Navy,
which sailed from New York for Port Royal on
the 14th of August last, and which was lostatsea
a few days afterwards, off Cape Hatteras. Ail the
officers and crew, with a single exception, per-
ished. The object of the bill is simply to fix the
date of the loss of the vessel, in order that the De-
partment may know the time at which the pensions
aic to commence, and also to settle the accounts of
the paymaster.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. RICE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the' table*
The latter motion was agreed to,
sacicett's harbor*
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, from the same
committee, reported back a joint resolution au-
thorizing the Secretary of the Navy to sell at pub-
lic auction lot No. 13 in the village of Sackett's
Harbor, New York.
The joint resolution authorizes and empowers
the Secretary of the Navy, at his discretion, to sell
at public auction, after proper advertisement, and
to convey by quit claim or otherwise, lot No. 13
in the village of Sackett's Harbor, New York, not
being wanted for use by the United States.
Mr. HOLMAN. Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts explain for what purpose this prop-
erty has been previouslylield by the Government?
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. 1 will answer
the gentleman by sending to the Clerk's desk a
letter from the chief of the Bureau of Yards and
Docks, which contains the information he asks.
The letter was read.
The joint resolution was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the joint resolution was
passed; and also moved to lay the motion to re-
consider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENGINEER CORPS OF TIIE NAVY.
Mr. RICE*,of Massachusetts, also, from the
same committee, reported back, with a substitute,
a bill (H. R. No. 351) to establish additional
grades in the engineer corps of the Navy; which
was ordered to be printed, and recommitted to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
APPOINTMENT 0? NAVAL OFFICERS.
Mr. PIKE, from the same committee, reported
an act authorizing the Secretary of the Navy to
appoint certain officers m the Navy; which was
read a first and second ume.
The bill authorizes the Secretary of the Navy,
for and during the present insuirecuon, to appoint
acting lieutenant commanders and acting com-
manders, with the same rate of compensation al-
lowed to officers of the same grade in the Navy.
The second section repeals the proviso in section
ten of an act to establish and equalize the grade
of line officers of the Nav,y of the United States,
approved July 16, 1862.
Mr. PIKE. I will explain the object ofthis bill*
It is, in the first section, to assimilate promotions
among officers of the volunteer Navy to promo-
tions among officers of the volunteer Army. The
Secretary of the Navy is now^ authorized by law
to appoint mates, ensigns, masters, and lieuten-
ants. This bill authorizes him to appoint two
higher grades. And as the Secretary will make
the appointments only on account of meritorious
service in actual conflict with the enemy, which
is now the mode of appointing acting lieutenants,
there is no reason why these meritorious officers
should not be advanced these two grades; pro-
vided they have achieved distinction and done
sufficient work to warrant the promotion. Thai
is the ob ject of the first section. The second sec-
tion makes but one change in the law of 186&
The law of 1862 provides for a transfer of lie<fc 
tenants from the volunteer service to the regular
service, provided that the lieutenants shall have
received the thanks of Congress on the recom-
mendation of the President of the United States,
In that case of transfer to the regular service the
number in that grade, it is provided, shall not be
increased. This bill-provides that the President
may place them in the regular Navy of the same
grade they occupied when they distinguished
themselves in the volunteer Navy. If there be
no objection, I demand the previous question.
Mr. OANSON. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me.
Mr. PIKE. I will hear what the gentlemaa
has to say.
Mr. GANSON. I propose an amendment m
an additional section.
The Clerk read, as follows*
Sec. 4. That it shall be the duty of the Secretary of th«
Navy to designate from the Mississippi squadron and from
pach coast squad ion the officer of whatever rank who in
command of a bingle vsscl ha? captmed or destroyed the
largest amount of shipping or other property afloat belong-
in/? to or in the service of the enemy, and that the Presi-
dent nominate the persons thus designated, not exceeding
one from each squadron, for promotion to the grade next
above that which such person shall at the time hold in the
Navy of the United States.
Mr. PlftE. As the organ of the Committee on
Naval Affairs, 1 cannot consent to accept that
amendment. Not wishing to be discourteous to
the gentleman, I will permit the amendment to be
presented for the decision of the House*
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. PIKE demanded the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was ac-
cordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. PIKE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NAVAL APPOINTMENTS.
Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, reported back Senate bill No. 76, relating
to appointments in'the nav*l service and courts-
martial, with an amendment.
The amendment was read. It strikes out the
first section of the bill, which provides that vol-
unteer appointments in the Navy shall be subject
to the confirmation of the Senate as well as regular
appointments^
Mr. PIKE. Mr. Speaker, the committee did
not see the necessity of submitting these tempo-
rary volunteer appointments to the Senate for
confirmation. It has not been done up to this
time, and it would work great inconvenience to
submit all of these minor appointments to the
Senate before the men were sent on duty. It is-
known that the Senate is overworked now in the
matter of appointments.
I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered.
On the amendment, on a division, there were—
ayes 60, noes 18; no quorum voting.
The Chairman ordered telleis, and appointed
Messrs. AxMls and Holman.
The amendment was concurred in, the tellers
having reported—ayes,60, noes 37.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be read a
