1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
S2&L
been the earnest advocate of the Central Pacific
railroad with half a dozen branches as it ap-
proaches the Mississippi river, and not merely
land appropriations, but large indorsements of
•their bonds on the part of the Government.
Mr. CONJMESS. Allow me to correct the Sen-
ator. I have not advocated any branch to that
road but the branches which were established by
the law of 1869 under which rights had vested.
There was a unanimous vote of the Committee on
the Pelcifie. Railroad of this body that no additional
branch should be added.
Mr. RAMSEY. Besides the liberal grant to the
Central Pacific railroad I think there are some five
or six or seven radiating branches, each of which
participates in the general grant and the indorse-
ment of bonds by the Government to the extent
of $24,000 a mile; but here, when we come to ask
for this trifling increase of the land grants to these
two roads so as to make connection with the
Northern Pacific railroad, we are met with this
objection. It is unreasonable, I think, and espe-
cially unreasonable on the part of the friends of the
Central road. Without these branches this road
will be really valueless.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The bill before the Sen-
ate proposes to encourage the construction of a
very important railroad to connect the waters of
Lake Superior with the waters ofthe Pacific ocean.
Everybody can see at a glance that it is a work
of national importance. It proposes to grant lands
in a northern latitude where without the construc-
tion of a work like that the lands are compara-
tively without value to the Government. No
person acquainted with the condition of thatsec-
tion of country supposes that there can be very
extensive settlements until the Government shall
encourage those settlements by the construction
of some work like this. I do not think that a
work of such national importance ou^ht to be
embarrassed in its passage through this body and
through the House of Representatives by amend-
ments proposing works that are comparatively
local. I have favored a grant of lands to the
State of Minnesota where 1 thought it was right.
I was in favor of a grant of lands to aid the road
from St. Paul up to Lake Superior. Let that road
(3e made; that forms a connection between the
capital ofthe State of Minnesota and that great
body of water, and also, if this road is constructed,
with this road; and that is a sufficient connection
I think for the interests of the State of Minnesota.
The Committee on Public Lands has not been
prepared, so far as I understand the views of that
committee, to recommend as separate propositions
the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Minnesota. We did recommend a grant of ten
sections per mile on each side of the road from
St. Paul to Lake Superior for reasons peculiar to
that work; a similar extension of the grants was
made to some ofthe roads in Wisconsin because
of peculiar reasons; but the Senate has not yet
agreed that all the grants of a local sort shall be
extended as is proposed by the Senator from Min-
nesota. I am not prepared to say that as a sepa-
rate proposition 1 could give the amendment of
the Senatorfrom Minnesota my support. There
are some reasons that govern my judgment both
ways. His proposition ought to be considered
separately. One of the roads that he proposes
now to increase the grant to, has no connection
with the Pacific railroad and never can have
except by other roadj.
Mr. RAMSEY. What road does the Senator
refer to ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Winona and St.
Peter road.
Mr. RAMSEY. It is intended to carry it
W<Mr. HENDRICKS. The Winona road runs
from Winona westward to St. Peter or to Man-
kato on the Minnesota river, and thus westward
with a view of reaching the western boundary of
the State of Minnesota—a road that does not and
cannot touch the Pacific railroad at all. The other
road perhaps may touch the Pacific railroad at
some point away to the northwest; but there is
not much probability of a road ever being con-
structed so far north as that, which shall intersect
with the proposed road from Lake Superior to
Puget sound. But, sir, without refeience to the
merits of the local railroads in the State of Min-
nesota, I suggest to the Senate that it is not proper
to burden agreat national enterprise with amend-
ments such as are proposed by the Senator from
Minnesota.
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in.
Mr. HARLAN. Perhaps it is my duty to call
the attention of the Senate to the difference be-
tween this grant and other land grants that have
been made heretofore to aid in the construction of
railroads. There is no material difference except
in this, that this bill grants four times as much
land per mile to the road west of the western
boundary of Minnesota as Congress hitherto has
ever granted to aid in any other road. It will
amount to about twenty-five thousand acres to the
mile. The Committee on Public Lands agree to
report this bill favorably on account of the vast con-
sequence that will attach to the completion of the
road. The land is to be conveyed to the company
only as the road progresses. The committee
were of opinion that if the road should be built,
the Government could well afford to give one half
the land, for the distance of forty miles on each
side of the road, to secure its completion. If it
should not be built, no lands will have been con-
veyed. Congress never has heretofore granted to
exceed ten sections to the mile to aid in the con-
struction of any road. I have felt it my duty as
chairman of the committee to call the attention of
the Senate to the fact that this bill proposes to
grant four times the usual quantity of land per
mile to aid in the construction of this road west-
ward of the western boundary of Minnesota to
the terminus.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed,
and the hill to be read a third time. The bill was
read the third time, and passed.
RAILROAD TO TUB PACIFIC.
Mr. HOWARD. I move to take up House
bill No. 438.
Mr. HARRIS. I hope the Senator from Michi-
gan will allow me to call up the bill that was the
unfinished business this morning. I move that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of Senate
bill No. 171.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
koy.) The question is on the motion of the Sen-
ator from Michigan.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS. I ask the consent of the Sen-
ator to let us proceed to the consideration of the
bill to which 1 have alluded.
Mr. HOWARD. If it will not consume any
time I shall not object.
Mr. HARRIS. I do not think it will take
long. It is the bill in relation to the collection of
taxes in insurrectionary districts. It is a bill
that will be required to be passed by the House
of Representatives; and it is regarded at the
Treasury Department as a very important meas-
ure.
Mr. HOWARD. I cannot yield for that pur-
pose, I regret to say.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill (H.
R. No. 438) to amend an act entitled " An act to
aid m the construction of a railroad and telegraph
line from the Missouri river to the Pacific ocean,
and to secure to the Government the use of the
same for postal, military, and other purposes,"
approved July 1, 18G2, is before the Senate as in
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HOWARD. I beg to say that House bill
No. 438 is a bill to amend the Pacific railroad act
which was passed in 1862. In many respects the
bill is a very good one, and in many respects I
think it defective. The Senate Committee on the
Pacific Railroad had the bill before them this
morning and instructed me to offer as an amend-
ment or substitute for it the Pacific railroad bill
as it passed the Senate a few weeks ago. In re-
spect to this last Pacific railroad bill, I beg to
say that after it passed the Senate and was taken
to the House of Representatives it was referred
to the committee on the Pacific railroad of that
House.' They had the bill under consideration,
and I suppose in point of fact they have it under
their consideration now in committee, because
since the reference of it to them that committee
have not been able to make any report to the
House in consequence of the peculiarity of the
rules ofthe House, so that it is impossible for the
committee on the Pacific railroad of tbe House
of Representatives to report back to the House the
bill which passed this body. Now, if it be not
out of order, I ask to dispense with the reading
of the House bill No. 438, which has not been read
at length in this body, for the purpose of offering
my amendment, which is the substitute recom-
mended by the committee.
Mr. SHERMAN. If I understand the Sena-
tor from Michigan, the amendment he proposes
to offer is simply the bill already passed through
this body after mature consideration. ,
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, Mr. President, with a
few amendments which I \011l briefly mention.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not think it is worth
while for us to spend two hours to read that bill.
Mr. HOWARD. Of course not.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suggest to the Senator
that he just move the amendment, and if any
Senator desires information in regard to it he can
state it. It is the same bill we acted on before.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Tbe reading
will be dispensed with by unanimous consent.
The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. HOWARD. Now I beg to say,in regard
to the amendment which the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad have directed me to offer, that
it differs from the Pacific railroad bill as it passed
the Senate only in the following respects, and to
these little matters I beg the particular attention
of the Senate.
In the first place, it provides specifically that
the present directors of the corporation known
as the Union Pacific Railroad Company shall
cease to be such on the second Wednesday of
October, 1864, and that on that day there shall
be an election of a full board of directors of that
company, consisting of twenty-one. Lots are
to be cast for the purpose of ascertaining what
seven of those twenty-one directors shall go out
of office one year from that time, and so on to
the end of three years. At present the number
of directors of the company as now organized is
thirty. The committee have thought it unreason-
able that there should be so many. The original
bill as it passed the Senate provided for only
twenty-one, but it did not happen to provide very
specifically for the election next October. That
is the first change, to which, I presume, there
will be no objection.
The second alteration of the Senate bill con-
sists in this: the committee do not include in the
amendment which they now offer to the House
bill the clause requiring the payment of the in-
terest of the guarantied bonds to be made in gold
and silver; that clause we strike out and allow
the interest on the guarantied bonds to be paid
in the legal-tender notes of the United States, or
anything else which is declared tobemoney; and
I understand from some very respectable gentle-
men who are connected with the Union Pacific
Railroad Company, and who are interested in the
enterprise, that they will, upon the whole, be
content to accept these guarantied bonds upon
the payment of interest in legal-tender notes; they
waive their claim for the present to the payment
of interest in gold and silver. This will be a very
great relief to the United States in the present
disturbed state of the currency, and especially
at the present moment when gold is at so very
high a piice.
"The third alteration is a merely verbal altera-
tion and does not make any change whatever in
the tenor of the bill as it passed the Senate. With
this explanation I moye that this be substituted
for the bill. . ,
Mr. CLARK. I desire to inquire whether the
committee in this amendment have included any
of the provisions which the Senate struck out of
the original bill.
Mr. HOWARD. No, sir; not one.
Mr. SHERMAN. This is a very important
bill, and I wish we should all understand it. I
was present at the meeting of the committee, but
I have not seen the detailed amendment. I un-
derstand it is the bill as it passed the Senate pre-
viously with the modification that interest is to
be paid in paper instead of gold and silver, the
modification that there shall be an election next
October of all the directors, and that new books
shall be opened for the subscription of stock.
Mr. HOWARD. All the other provisions of
the bill remain precisely as we passed it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment proposed by the feenator
from Michigan.
