1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2315
have assurance of security, thousands of the small
farmers and mechanics and working men will, as
it was in the counties of Elizabeth CityandYork,
joyfully wend their way back to the hearth-stones
they love. Hut at the time of the late election, I
know I do not err when I say that not 250 loyal
men were there to vote. But say there'were 500,
or 800, and still it will be manifest that I received
a majority of the loyal votes of the whole dis-
trict ; and a majority of the loyal vote, as I under-
stand, is all the committee require.
Now, sir, I appeal to my frie.nd from Massa-
chusetts if I have not made good my position,
that, on the principles of his own report, I am en-
titled to a seat in this body. Let it be borne in
mind that the Committee of Elections do not re-
quire me to have received a majority of the entire
vote of the district. They do not estimate for the
disloyal voters, for disloyal men are not expected
or allowed to vote. The military power has been
even used to exclude them from the polls. All
that is required of me, I repeat, is to show that I
received a majority of the loyal votes of the dis-
trict; and I submit it to the House if I have not
so made it appear.
But, sir, concede that there are the 5,100 loyal
votes assumed by the committee, and I contend
that on all principle, and in all reason, I am to be
credited with that entire vote, just as much as
if it had been written down on the poll-books
for me.
Mr. Speaker, in many cases in practical life,
as in law, finite beings must act upon rational
presumptions, because we cannot always have
the solutions of fact. Now, sir, I hold that one
of the most rational presumptions that the mind
of man can conceive, is that those loyal men in
my district who could not reach the polls would
ratify the choice of their more fortunate brethren
in loyalty who did reach them. Is there anything
more consonant with reason, or, if you please,
the instincts of the human constitution? Why,
what'do people ordinarily want a Representative
for? Is it not to have their rights and interests
looked after and protected? Suppose, Mr. Speak-
er, that in your absence some considerate person
undertakes to attend to some important matter of
interest for you—saves, for example, the sacrifice
of your property—is it not the most rational sup-
position in the world that you would ratify the
action of that considerate person, and give him
your thanks besides? And is not this ihe very
case between myself and the loyal voters who
could not reach the polls, and more especially
when what little capacity I may possess to serve
them is as well known to every man in the dis-
trict as the road to mill? Will not this be their
reasoning: "Well, we couldn't get to the polls
ourselves, but we are glad our loyal brethren
elsewhere did get there to elect a good, loyal man
to look out for us and help bring this unhappy
war to a close?" If they would nofrso reason
they would falsify all the instincts of our nature.
Sir, this presumption that those loyal voters of
my district who could not reach the polls would
approve, ratify, and even rejoice at the choice
made by their more fortunate brethren who did is
so strong, so rational, so instinctive that it ought
to prevail, and I ought to have the benefit of it
until by some popular loyal demonstration to the
contrary the presumption is overturned. 1 appeal
to the House if this is not legitimate logic.
Why call for positive proof that I am the choice
of the loyal absentees, when, on every just prin-
ciple, I cannot but be that choice ? Mr. Speaker,
I am as well satisfied of it as I am that death awaits
all mortal flesh, that, if the truth could be ascer-
tained, there is not one loyal voter in the whole of
that portion of my district outside the Federal lines
that would not accept me unhesitatingly as his Rep-
resentative in Congress. And why deal in mere
technicalitiesand non-essentialsatthis tryinghour
when the life of the nation is at stake ? And why
are we not taught by the enemy? They have in
their congress senators and representatives from
Tennessee, Kentucky, and Missouri, States that
are not in the rebellion, willing, I suppose, to have
aid from any and every quarter. Why will you
deny us loyal men of Virginia the priv4ege of
aiding you as far as we can in bringing this war
of ruin and death to a close, and relifting the starlit
banner of the Union overanundismembered land?
We do not claim, sir, to be master-workmen, but
we shall be content to do the best we can in our
humble way. Maybe we can carry to the mas-
ter-craftsmen the cement to reunite the disjointed
fragments of a once magnificent fabric of liberty
and Union.
It is not necessary (say the committee) that all
the loyal men of a district should be at the polls
to constitute an election. If they have an oppor-
tunity it suffices, because if, having the oppor-
tunity, they stay away, the doctrine of acqui-
escence holds. On this point I have to say that
by an ordinance of the Wheeling convention
passed in August, 1801, providing that the voters
of any county may vote in any other county and
at any precinct, a large number of the voters
within the rebel lines in my district might have
voted if they had had the will and the nerve.
But they were intimidated, or kept from voting
by the fear of consequences, it is intimated. Be
it so; but according to the ruling in the case of
Biddle and Richard vs. King, if intimidation pre-
vailed, and voters were kept back by intimida-
tion, the votes thus lost are not to be taken into
the account, and the result is to stand on the votes
actually given in.
But concede that the whole loyal vote of the
rebel portion of the district was kept off by in
timidation or duressor coercion: does it follow
that we of the loyal portion of the district who
were not intimidated or coerced are to be disfran-
chised of our representation in Congress? A por-
tion of the people of my district were intimidated
from voting, or were under duress: ergo, those
who were not intimidated, or not under duress,
are to be stripped of their representative rights !
Sir, I confess to no such doctrine, because there
is no justice in it; because it is the punishing of
one set of loyal men for the helpless misfortunes
of another set of loyal men; and because, above
all, it is ignored by one of the fundamental and
most sacred maxims of Anglo-Saxon liberty,
which ought to be dear to every American heart,
becauseat America's Runnymede,Boston harbor,
it lit the fires of that Revolution which blazed out
into the bioad, lustrous radiance of American in-
dependence and American freedom; and that pre-
cious, liberty-born, liberty-preserving, century-
honored principle is, that there should be no tax-
ation without lepresentation.
Do you intend to call up from the grave to scorn
you the hardy barons of Runnymede memoiy?
Do you mean to dishonor the memory of John
Hampden, and Algernon Sydney, and Russell,
and Pym, of liberty-loving England; and of James
Otis, and Uxenbndge Thacher, and Hancock,
and the Adamses, and Franklin, and the Mor-
rises, and Patrick Henry, and Richard Henry
Lee, and Laurens, and the great Washington, of
our own country? Will yo'u fling a slur upon the
good name of those thrice-gallant spirits who took
counsel together on Boston Common, and there
invoking the God of nations to inspire them with
resolution for their great daring, ran down to Bos-
ton harbor, and there threw overboard the tea
which was the representative of British despot-
ism, and the throwing oveiboard of which, as I
have already said, kindled the fires of that Revo-
lution which burst forth into a bright effulgence
of American disenthrallment and American glory?
Are you going to perpetrate all this profanity, as
you will be doing, by coercing my people to hear
taxation,and a heavy taxation, without that first
privilege of freemen of saying whether the tax is
right, what should be its amount, and how im-
posed?
Mr. Speaker, do you suppose that the people
of the Old Bay State, and of Virginia—for in that
incipient wrestle with arbitrary power Massachu-
setts and Virginia stood shoulder to shoulder—
cared a straw about the twopence a pound on
tea? Was there any practical oppression in it'
Could not every tax-payer in the colonies have
paid the tax without feeling it? What was it,
then, that waked up Hampdensand Sydneys all
over the " Old Thirteen," and brought the pigmy
weakness of the colonies face to face with the
giant power of the mother country ? What was
it but elevated devotion to a great and priceless
principle' And shall wo so shame our glorious
origin, have we so soon become so degenerate as
to spit upon this most cardinal, this corner-stone
principle of freedom's Magna Charta? Sir, a
people that gives up such a principle, that does
not fondly cling to it, even amid the throes of
revolution, cannot long be free. Sooner or later
they will pass under the, yoke. Slaves they will
be, and slavery they will richly .merit!
Mr. Speaker, I can conceive no possible exi-
gency to authorize the subversion of the great
principle of representation. While a remnant of
loyalty is left, and until our federative system is
utterly swept away, it should live as a thing too
precious to let die. 1 acknowledge that in time.s
of war great principles must sometimes yield to
the public necessities, (though the necessity must
be honestand overwhelming;) but the necessities
even of war can never call for the suspension of
the right of representation in a popular Govern-
ment, because it is a right of the vital essence of
freedom, and the surrender of it is the virtual dis-
solution of all Government itself, and a remission,
not to tyranny only, but to absolute despotism.
There can be no safety for life, liberty, or prop-
erty.
But let me submit this point in a practical view.
I have before me a letter from Mr. Donn, the
principal assessor in my district, which furnishes
me with the Federal taxation which is imposed
upon just three of the voting counties of my dis-
trict:
Tii Aecomac     
In Northampton  3,269
In Elizabeth City  7,923
For incomplete assessment    1,000
$19,876
There, sir, you have it in figures! Near twenty
thousand dollars tax per annum under your in-
ternal revenue laws, all of which has been actually
paid in, and cheerfully paid; and yet I am told
that the people who pay this heavy taxation are
not to have a Representative on this floor! Sir,I •
trust the House will not subject my good con-
stituents to so unjust and humiliating a discrimin-
ation. I invoke for them the intervention of my
friend from Massachusetts—a Representative of
that noble State that gave birth to the dauntless
patriots who threw the tea overboard in Boston
harbor. Why cannot my friend be as generous
to the loyal people of my district as he was last
year to the loyal people of Louisiana, when they
sent Mr. Flanders and Mr. Hahn here,and when
the chairman of the Election Committee so zeal-
ously pleaded for their admission? I quote from
the committee's report on that occasion. After
uiging, most strenuously, that the military gov-
ernor had the power to order an election, the re-
port says:
"The constitutionally elected Governor of Louisiana
had turned traitoi, and refused to discharge his conslitu-
uonal obligations. What were the loyal voters to do?
Wen: they to turn traitors also, or be disfranchised ?"
I ask, in all deference, and in the committee's
own language, "what are my poor constituents
to do?" Are they to "turn traitors also, or to
be disfranchised
And-the committee say again:
"The Constitution imposes upon the United States this
obligation:
" ' The United States shall Guaranty to every State in this
Union a republican foim of government, and shall protect
each of them from invasion ; and on the application of the
Legislature, or of the Executive, (when the Legislature
cannot be convened.) against domestic violence.' *•
" Representation [the committee go on to say] is one of
the verv essentials of a ropubiiccn form of government,
and 110 one doubts Unit Uie United States cannot fulfill this
olili"atioii without guarantying that representation here.
Ii was in fulfillment or this obligation that the army of the
Union entered New Orleans, and drove out the rebel usuip-
ation, and restored to the discharge of ils appropriate func-
tions the civil authority there. Its work is not ended until
there is representation here."
Mark the language, Mr. Speaker!
«Its woik is not ended until there is representation liere!"
Now, all I ask is that this constitutional and
generous logic be applied to the loyal voters of
my district as it was to the loyal voters of the first
and second districts of Louisiana. The armies
of the Union have, in that portion of my district,
"driven out the rebel usurpation" and restored
the civil authority there. But, sir, let me remind
you, in the language of your committee, thatyour
" woik is not ended until there is representation
here."
The^ommittee further say:
"Are this people [the people of Louisiana] to wait for
representation here until their rebel governor returns to his
loyally and appoints a day, or is the Government to guar-
anty that representation as best it may?"
1 beg to submit the same questions about the
people of my district. Are we to go without
