184©
THi Oe^GRESSIONA^ (xLOBfe
March 2$,
require full citizenship, and if the taking of the
oath which iie suggests would authorize a man to
be a director?
Mr. STEVENS. Whenever a man assumes
the oath of allegiance he will be entitled to be a
director.
Now, sir, a foreigner cannot be enrolled; he is
not liable to military dut'y.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Does not this flection re-
quire every director to be a citizen of the United
States?
Mr. STEVENS. Certainly; but It makes no
difference between an adopted citizen and a native-
born citizen. A foreigner who comes here and is
Willing to become a citizen is by this law entitled
to its privileges.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I beg pardon of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, but I apprehend that
I have not made myself understood. I suppose
that a man cannot become a citizen under five
years, and yet X understood the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to suggest that after he had taken
the oath he might be a director under this act.
Mr. STEVENS. After he had taken the oath
of allegiance, I said.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. That oath of allegiance is
taken when he declares his intention to become
a citizen.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not so understand it.
He then declares that it is his intention to take
that oath and renounce his allegiance to his own
Government, but the declaration first filed is no
renunciation of allegiance to a foreign Power, and
he remains the subject of a foreign Power until
he takes the oath of allegiance and takes out his
papers of naturalization. That is the way in
which I understand the law.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Then docs the gentleman
intend to exclude a party from being a director
during the five years?
-Mr. STEVENS. I intend to exclude him until
he becomes a citizen of the United States, and
that is no great hardship. If he will not qualify
himself, why should he come here with his largo
capital and govern the whole monetary interests
of the country? He might be enabled in that way,
without having any sympathy with us, without
Owing any allegiance to the Government, to enter
into competition which would materially control
the welfare of the nation. I object to it. I have
no objection to naturalized citizens. When they
have shown that they intend to be subject to nil
the laws of the country and have taken the oath
of allegiance, then they can hold real estate and
then they can become corporators under this law.
In my judgment tliey never ought to before.
Mr." HllOOA'I AI,l>. 1 ask that the section bo
read as it will stand if amended.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sue. t). slurl l'<' il further enacted, Thru the affairs of every
association Mnill be inamigrrt hy not lesi limn five director*,
(me <>f whom shall he Hie pre.siilcut. Kveiy director, .uid
at iiM^t tlncc fnmtlm of tin- directors, Mlall have K'siilod in
the Stntf in winch such asM>ci;itlnn is located one yeai next
preceding then eleeium as directors, and be residents of
said -St.iU' during their continuance in otlice, Etc.
Mr.'BROWN, of Wisconsin. I modify my
amendmerit by striking out also the wotds ** each
diveetor Khnll." I wish simply to make a reply
to from Pennsylvania, ThisHouse,
in tho bill passed to enroll soldiers, fins provided
that persons who have taken outtheirfirst papers,
and who have voted,shall be liable to do military
duty. 1 claim that that liability to answer in invol-
untary service to the United States shall go hand
in hand with the rights of citizenship. The gen-
tleman says, in this, that nearly one fourth of tho
volet s of the State which i represent, who arc
liable to be enrolled find sentoutto the servicc in
the Army, shall be disfranchised in the mana^e-
mVntof their own property, andbe excluded from
the poor privilege of becoming stockholders or
having a voice in the direction of these banks
which we are about to establish.
if the gentleman will do justice, if he will con-
sent to exempt those parties to whom I have re-
ferred from their liability under the draft, i have
no doubt that each will ar.ccpt of such exemption
in return for the lo^s of this privih ge pi ovided for
here. But as long as we say by our acts that they
are liable to all the duties of citizenship, I claim
that it would be most unjust to disfranchise them
of the privileges of citizenship.
The question being on thcamcndmcntagmodi-
fied, tellers were ordered; and Messrs.Kellogg,
of Michigan, and Holmak, were appointed.
The committee divided, and the tellers reported
—ayes 28, noes 68.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. KALBFLEISCH. I move to amend the
ninth section by striking out the words " any loan
obtained from, or debt owing to, the association
of which he is a director," and inserting in lieu
thereof the words " for debts due by him." As
the section now stands the director of any bank
can hypothecate his stock in another bank. The
least that can be asked for a director is that he
shall own ten shares of stock of #100 each, clear
of all debts to anybody.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. BROOKS. I move to amend the ninth sec-
tion by striking out the following words:
And at least three fourths of the directors shall have re-
sided in the State in winch such association is located one
year next preceding their election as directors, and be res-
idents of said State during theit continuance in office.
My main object in offering the amendment is
to state that in the city of New York there are a
large number of bank directors doing business
who reside in Connecticut and New Jersey, and
even in Vermont, New Hampshire, and Massa-
chusetts. A large portion of New Jersey is al-
most as much New York as the State of New
York itself is. This regulation will operate very
disadvantagcously to the people of Connecticut
and New Jersey, and in some degree to the peo-
ple of Vermont and New Hampshire, if not of
Massachusetts. I suppose that the object of this
provision is to have three fourths of the direct-
ors of banks in western States residents of the
States. In my opinion the practical operation of
this whole banking law will be, under the ununi-
form system of redemption proposed, that gen-
tlemen 111 Wall street will establish banks in Idaho,
Montana, and Nevada, and make their notes is-
sued in Now York redeemable in those distant
places. There will be no difficulty in sending
their clerks out there and letting them acquire res-
idence in order to become directors under this
system. I do not think, therefore, that there is
much good to be denved from this limitation of
residence. On the contrary, I think that it will
act disadvnntageously on many New York di-
rectors who have their residences out of the State.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Chairman, thin provis-
ion was intended to guard ngainst the establish-
ment of what aie called " wild-cat banks." It has
b<*en the practice in years past for gentlemen to
go from New York or any other city to some
place in tho interior, establish a bank, and have
all the directorsJiving outside of the State in which
the bank was locatcd. They would then go on
and circulate their notes, and when the holders
wime to look for the responsible persons who had
establmhed the bank they were hid in the alleys of
New York and Huston. The design of this pro-
vision is to require those who establish banks to
live where they can be seen, in the neighborhood.
Some years ago there was a bank established
called the Bunk of Warren. It was afterwards
called tho lloop-pole bank, because no directors
lived near except one who lived by cutting and
selling hoop-poles. There was the Owl Creek
bank, in the same way. There was one which
afflicted my colleague called the Florence bank.
I do not know much about it, except that it put
to ilight all of the money men m Boston. It so
alarmed them that this principle was adopted.
It is designed that those who manage these banks
shall be visible to the persons who have to do
with them, and that they shall reside in the neigh-
borhood. If they do not wish to manage them
themselves, let them subscribe for those who live
there. Let three fourths reside m the vicinity or
in the city where the bank is established, I think
that it is an excellent provision, one of the best
in the bill.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. ELDIlIDtrE. I desne to submit the fol-
lowing amendment, to come in at the end of the
pending section:
Provided, Tint any person liable to bo enrolled under
tile act fur enrolling and calling out the national forces
may lie elected and lioid the olliee uf director under thi:>
;uts if such [jerenii hiiai! own the requisite .niiuuntul itocK
required by tins act.
^ Mr. Chairman, this is aquestion which affects
tha people of the West, perhaps, more than it
does the people in the older portions of the coun-
try. 'the people who settle in the Westgo there
as often from foreign countries, after they have
made up their minds to settle in the United States,
as from the older States. They bring their money
to the United States, and if they desire to invest
it in banking, it seems to me, after they have de-
clared their intentions to become citizens, and
when they are liable to be called out in the ser-
vice of the country to defend it, that they ought
to be entitled to the privilege of holding property
in banks. I think that they ought to have all of
the privileges that those who are full citizens are
entitled to. It is for that purpose I have moved
my amendment, and I hope that it will prevail.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Chairman, it is a benev-
olent amendment. 1 admit that at sonie future
day, the condition of the country may be such,
that it may be proper to adopt something of the
kind. But at the present time I do not think the
persons the gentleman intends to bring in are suf-
ficiently educated to become directors of these
banks. I suppose the gentleman who has intro-
duced this means it to apply to slaves and per-
sons of color, for they are also enrolled. [Laugh-
ter.] For that 1 am not prepared at this time. I
am prepared to go for it when it is proper, but it
is not proper now.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I supposed the gentleman
would go for it of course, because it included the
blacks.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. I move to amend
the amendment by striking out the last word.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ste-
vens] seems very willing to impose burdens upon
a certain clas3 of our western population, and a\
the same time to deprive them of corresponding
privileges. My intention is not to repeat any-
thing to which I have before alluded; but 1 sim-
ply have to say that, so far as the actual manage-
ment of banking corporations is concerned, the
foreign-born population have generally equal in-
telligence and equal honesty %vtth the native-born
population. I do not hold, as to this matter, it '
makes any difference where a man is born. It is
a question purely of intelligence and honesty, and
actufil experiment m the West has shown thatone
isas'capable as the other; and I cannot but look
upon this provision as a blow made at the vital
interests of the West. I cannot help but look
upon it as conceived in the narrowest principles
of the Know-Nothing party. At this time, when
we are trying to summon to our aid all.the ele-
ments of popular enthusiasm, and to convince all
parties that they are interested in carrying on this
great struggle, which is the excuse for this most
extraordinary law, I cannot but think that to call
up from the grave the old Know-Nothing princi-
ples, and that, too, when gentlemen on the other
side say that they have given up all party for the
purposes of this contest, must be disastrous to tha
country.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I will suggest a modifica-
tion of my amendment, so as to meet the views
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania. I modify,
it bo that it shall read, "and shall be residents of
States, as required by this section." I did not
expect to hear the objection of color raised by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania. Indeed, I thought
if my airiendment was so general as not to suggest
to the mind of anybody either color, the gentle-
man would certainly bo willing to support it. But
I must say in regard to the colored population of
the country, that if they are able to own the
amount of stock required by this bill, as much as
I am prejudiced against some of the acts and soma
of the policy of gentlemen in opposition to us, I
should be perfectly willing that they should be
directors in a bank if they can be electcd; and
certainly they might be elected, I presume, by
gentlemen upon the other side of the House. I
do not think I should vote for them as directors
in any bank where I was a director; but if it is
desired to have them, I should not wish thelaws
of the land to prohibit them from being directors.
It is a mere matter of taste; and if it suits the
taste of the gentleman from Pennsylvanial would
not interpose any obstacle to the indulgence to the
fullest extent of the taste which he has.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS, ot New Yurk. I move to amend
this section by inserting in line five, after the
words " United States," the woids " or, if a for-
eigner, shall have declared hia intention to become
