2316
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 17,
.representation until " Honest John Letcher" or
♦♦Extra Billy Smith" returns to his loyalty and
helps to rehoist over his State the old flag, or
until Jefferson Davis and his wicked accomplices
lay down the arms of treason and rebellion ? Or,
rather, ought not the " Government to guaranty
to us representation as best it may?" That is the
idea, Mr. Speaker. Representation in some form
or other—in the best form you cant Do for us
the best you are able—"guaranty it to us as best
you may," and we shall be satisfied.
Mr. Speaker, forbear this invidious discrimina-
tion against my constituents. Give us represent-
ation, or tax us not. And I call upon my friend
from Massachusetts, the moment I am ejccted
from a seat here, to rise in his place and vindicate
a great principle, and his own consistency and the
consistency of the House, by offering a bill to re-
lieve the people who sent me here of all Federal
taxation.
km now to consider the last, and, I suppose,
the most, formidable objection to my admission,
though, I am happy to say, it has not been raised
by the Committee of Elections, and 1 presume,
accordingly, has not its sanction. Itis urged in
some quarters that we have no State. It was ar-
gued in the debate in the Arkansas case that a
"State should exist with a government." And I
know well that some gentlemen on this floor en-
tertain that most extraoulinary idea that there is
no such political organization as the State ofVir-
ginia. Well, if that is so, most certainly I can
have no right to come here as a Representative
from Virginia. But is it so? I think not. Sir,
there certainly was once a Slate of Virginia.
What has become of her? Has she gone up to
the clouds? Has rebellion swallowed her down
and abrogated her political existence? I hold,
Mr. Speaker, that as a State she is, under our
system of government, indestiuctible;once a State
always a State, until let out by the three-fourths
vote, or until successful revolution and general
international recognition shall have animated into
being a new nationality.
But so long as we profess to be governed by
the Federal Constitution, we cannot extinguish
a State. You may by arms subdue the people of
a State to obedience to the Federal laws, and to
their primary allegiance to the Frdeial Union;
but you cannot, without violating the Constitu-
tion, and giving up the whole theory of our sys-
tem <y>d the whole theory of the lebellion, ex-
tinguish the Slate oigamzation, because a State,
in our system, occupies relation to, and is indeed
part and parcel of, the Frdeial Government, and
is subject to and to bo governed by the Consti-
tution of the United States an the supreme law.
And on this principle Virginia is yet an existing
State, and I think i can make it apparent to the
House in a very few words.
The Constitution oxpiessly provides, and it is
one of the wisest provisions m it, because, with-
out it, the {government of the Union would not
last a Uistium, would have been a rope of sand,
a helpless organization without the power of self-
preservation ; 1 .say the Constitution provides that
it shall be in no respect changed without the con-
current assent of three fourths of the States that
formed if, or subsequently became parties to it.
So that Virginia is still a member of the Union,
owing primai y allegiance to it, until she shall have
been let out by the regular action of three fourths
of her sister States. Now, sir, would not the
making of the number of States one less in num-
ber be a change, and a radical change, in the Con-
stitution? Would it not be a detraction, pro
tanto, of the Constitution, the knocking away of
one of its pillars? And if you can, without the
joint action of three fourths of the States, knock
away one pillar, may you not knock away an-
other and another, until the whole fabric shall
have fallen into rums? I say, therefore, thpt if
you cannot «« dot an i or cross a l" tn the Consti-
tution without having the consent of the constitu-
tional majority of three fouiths of the States,^
fortiori, you cannot perform the momentous act
of ending, at your will, the life of a State.
Virginia, then, is somehow or somewhere a
State, and to us, her loyal citizens, whose interest
it is to keep posted about her, it is no difficult task-
to find her whereabouts, and to explain how she
came where she is. You will find her sitting in
her qualified sovereignty and in her loyalty aCout
eight miles olf? down in Alexandria. There she
has a Governor and a Lieutenant Governor re-
siding, and her auditor, treasurer, secretary of
State, and attorney general. There she had re-
cently, in actual session, a convention to revise
her constitution, and adapt it to the extraoidi-
nary posture of affairs induced by the rebellion.
Very recently her Legislature was in regular ses-
sion, and will shortly be again in extraordinary
session. The people of the loyal counties that
acknowledge this Government pay their taxes
with punctuality and alacrity; and I am happy to
inform the House and our rebel friends in Dixie
that the treasury of this State, much as some
people turn up their noses at her, is in a very pros-
perous condition—plenty of money, and nota veiy
expensive government to maintain. It would be
most fortunate for the rebel government if it
could exhibit so flattering a balance-sheet, and I
rather think that Uncle Sam himself might well
be congratulated if his fisc were in so enviable a
condition. She had some short time since two Sen-
ators in Congress; one, most lamentably, sleeps
in a premature grave; the other still sits and votes
in the other wing of the Capitol. She has her civil
authoiities, judges, magistrates, uherilfs, coro-
ners, clerks, constables, and all the officers of a
regular government, in full exercise of their re-
spective functions. She has, then, all the external
and apparent characteristics of a State ; and the
only other question that can arise in relation to her
is, is she legitimately a State ? Just as much so, in
my judgment, as a man is a human being or a
mule a brute.
Let history speak. Shortly after the old State,
in evil hour, seceded from the Union, the peo-
ple of the northwest who desired to live yet under
the Union of their fathers, held a convention at
Wheeling and put in operation what is usually
known as the Wheeling government of Virginia,
and more recently as the lestored government
of Virginia. This government originated in the
irresistible necessities of the loyal men, who could
not follow their State into the treason and ruin of
secession, and it was founded on the idea that the
loyal people of the State constitute the State, or
the political power of the State. Fiom time to
time other counties than those of the northwest
attached themselves to this new organization, and
among them the four that did me the honor to
depute me their representative here. In course
of time West Viiginia became a separate State,
but the counties m eastern and Piedmont Vir-
ginia that did not belong, geographically, to that
division, and that did not of course desire to be-
come a part of the new State, adhered to the re-
stored government, and such is their present po-
sition. If the Wheeling government was a legal
one, so is the present government at Alexandria,
because the latter is an emanation fioin and a
continuation of the Wheeling government.
Then, was the Wheeling government a legal
ot&anization ? Undoubtedly it was; and the ar-
gument is brief. Its legality rests on the high
giound of a decision of the highest judicial tribu-
nal in the land, the Supreme Court of the United
States.
In the case of Lutherw. Borden,the celebrated
Dorr rebellion case, the Supreme Court ruled that
where there are within the limits of an already
existing State two conflicting political organiza-
tions, that is the legal, rightful one, which is rec-
ognized by the Federal Executive. And the court
decided (Chief Justice Taney delivering the opin-
ion of the court) that when the recognition is offi-
cially made by an official act of the Fedeial Ex-
ecutive, there is no going behind it. President
Tyler, by the act of pruffeiing Federal hoops to
the Governor under the old charter government
of Rhode Island, recognized the latter govern-
ment (the Supreme Oomt say) ;is legitimate, and
so it was ruled that the Doir government was a
usurpation and a nullity.
Now, sir, after the Wheeling government of
Virginia was organized, the President of thcUni-
ted States recognized it m various ways. Through
his heads of Departments he held official corre-
spondence and business relations with Francis
H. Pierpont, Governor of the State under the
Wheeling organization. As Governor, thedatter
was called on for troops, and furnished the quota
of his State.
The recognition by the Federal Executive was
all that could be properly required, but both
Houses of Congress acknowledged the new gov-
ernment as legitimate. The Senate admitted two
Senators for it, though it embraced not more than
one fourth the population and territory of the
original State; and this House recognized it by
admitting to this floor three Representatives, my
friends Messrs. Brown, Blair, and Whalet.
Scf the. Wheeling government, having been
acknowledged by the Federal Executive, was a
legal, constitutional government,and the present
restored government, being a continuation of the
Wheeling government, is equally rightful and
lawful; and there I might dismiss the question.
But I am unwilling to place the restored govern-
ment on any mere inferential basis. I say that it
has been specifically recognized by the President
of the United States subsequently to the forma-
tion of the new State of West Virginia, and since*
the present restored government went into opera-
tion. To say nothing of other acts of recogni-
tion, Mr. Lincoln, in his amnesty proclamation
of the 8th of December last, expressly recognizes
all "loyal State governments that have all the
while been maintained." Such a government is
that of the restored government of Virginia. By
him it is acknowledged a " loyal State govern-
ment all the while maintained, and therefore he
excepted it from his general plan of reconstruc-
tion. Perhaps I had better quote his words,and
here they are:
"To avoir! misunderstanding, it maybe proper to say
that this proclamation, i-o tar it relates to State govern-
ments, lias no reference to States wherein loyal govern-
ments have been all the while maintained."
Most evidently the President had in his mind
this very restored government of Virginia.
The case has been supposed in this House of
a recognition by the Executive and non-recog-
nition by one or both Houses of Congress, and
then it lias been asked, where will a State gov-
ernment be found? Sir, the answer is obvious.
I hold that no recognition by either House of Con-
gress is necessary. Itis the Executive acknowl-
edgment that stamps legality upon a State whose
oiganizations conflict. Congress has no partnor
lot in establishing the legitimacy. The Executive,
and the Executive alone, can exercisc the legal-
izing function. And when it docs exercisc that
function, Congress itself cannot look behind the
act done. It binds not only Congress, but every
citizen of the United States.
Mr. Speaker, this restored government of Vir-
ginia is as legitimate as the old charter govern-
ment of Rhode Island as against the Dorr gov-
ernment, and as legitimate as that of Massachu-
setts or New Yoik. And I put ft to my friend
fiom Massachusetts, how is it that a State can
have two Senators in Congress and no Repre-
sentatives ' If Viiginia is not a State, how can
she have Senators in Congress, and if, as a State,
she is entitled to Senators m Congress, is she not
sufficiently a State to be entitled to Representa-
tives also,jand to her electoral vote likewise?
Mr. Speaker, in the name of the Union, do not
ignore our young and may be feeble government,
by denying us lepresentation in this body. We
arc riot strong, sir, but we are none the less a
State. Why, sir, the little Slate of Delaware,
scarcely equal in territorial extent to a single
county in Virginia, is, nevcitheless, just as much
a State as her empire sister, New York; just (to
use the language of Vattel) as a "dwarf is as
much a man as a giant, and the smallest republic
as much a State as the greatest empire."
Sir, ought not our weakness to be even our
protection? Suppose you see the brawny giant
strike down to the earth the helpless dwarf.
What emotion rises in your bosom but of exe-
cration of tiie cowardly act? And so, if the
strong arm of this mighty Government shall fell
to the eaith this youthful State in her weakness,
sweeping away her whole civil establishment,
and substituting for it the chafing harshness of a
pure military government, and thus depriving
her of what the Constitution guaranties to every
State, a republican form of government, what
will be thought of us and said of us by the Chris-
tian nations of the earth? What will be our
portion but an enlightened scorn ? How will the
thing read in history? Let the histoiian write it
down Here was a State (it will be noted) that
could not brook rebellion, and that set up for
itself, to avoid the crime and penalties of rebel-
lion, a nascent nationality sti uggling against trea-
son, yet loving the old flag and clinging with fond
