294
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
because, as he says*, you cannot get evidence to
convict, or cannot get a court and a jury that will
convict.
Mr. President, I have done,except as to avery
few thoughts which I will submit to the Senate
upon the expediency of enforcing this legislation,
if it is to be considered as a matter of expediency.
The war in which we are engaged was at thefirst
unquestionably only constitutional, and could
only ."have been \Vaged because it was necessary
tb restore the authority of the Government. That
is Very clear. Congress had no power to sup-
press insurrection or rebellion except the power
'which the Constitution gives. The Presidenthad
no executive authority looking to the same end
except the authority which the Constitution gives
him. The authority in both cases is limited to
the attainment of the specific end for which it was
given. That end is the suppression of the rebel-
lion. Whether the rebellion culminates into what
may be considered as a civil war, or is found only
to be carried on by a few citizens, is immaterial.
The purpose of vesting m Congress and in the
Executive the powers with which they are clothed
to put down an insurrection or rebellion was
merely to put it down, and nothing else. Wlj.cn
down the power is at an end. It grows up with
the occasion, comes into existence with the occa-
sion, and ends with, the occasion. Therefore, the
rebellionended to-morrow in Virginia by the sub-
mission of her people, brings her back, in my
view, to the Union. Why? As the Supreme
Court say in the case to which I have adverted,
the war which is being carried on, the powers
which are being exerted by Congress and by the
President under the authority of Congress are
being exerted not as against States but as against
citizens. The object of the Constitution was in
that particular to change the authority of the Gov-
ernment from what was its authority under the
ArticlesofConfederation. In the latter, what was
" to be done could only be done as against States.
It was found full of mischief, pregmint with ruin.
The men of the day were aroused to the necessity
of conatitutingaGovernmentcapable ofexecuting
its own poweis directly upon the individual citi-
zen without the cooperation of the States and
against their interference if they attempted to in-
terfere. The Constitution, therefore, gives to Con-
gress and gives'to the Executive in certain rases
the right to call into existence the power of the
Union to put down rebellion or insurrection.
Well, it is done. When done, the States are back;
your courts are reestablished practically as well
as logallyjyour authority is recognized; in n word
the Constitution is in those States in force. Then,
if it is unresisted, if rebellion is at an end, why
in the name of Heaven are not the people of those
States back in the same character in which they
went out, as citizens of States of the United States ?
Toki tig that view, the inexpediency of such a pro-
vision as this, in my judgment, is manifest. Dp
you not want them back ? Hvery reflecting man,
1 am sure, to say nothing of mere humanity,
would wish them back. Do you not want slaugh-
ter to terminate, suffering to end, fraternal relations
to be resioied, former prospeiity to bo revived p
Do you not want us to stand in the family of na-
tions one of the most powerful and the proudest
over which banner ever floated ? Everybody will
say yes; everybody with a heart within his bosom
will say yes; everybody who is proud of the past,
will say yes; everybody who recollects the asso-
ciations of the past will say yes; everybody who
looks to the glory we may achieve in the future
will say yes. And how will you get them back r
Tiy keeping them out? By declaring by this pio-
poscd rule, "You are unworthy of association
with us; with you, during no time to come, is
there a locus pcenitcntice, that you may be able to
accomplish by prayers to heaven in order to es-
cape the punishment hereafter for your sins com-
mitted in this unheard-of rebellion, as against us
it is to remainnow and forever a crime." Was
that the purpose of the legislation of the act of
July J7, 1862? Has a different policy taken pos-
session of the public mind? Is subjugation the
end for which this war is to be waged,? Is exterm-
ination the object? Is every man and woman
and child within the limits of these twelve or thir-
teen States to be slaughtered on their own hearth-
stones , although they are willing to come in as pen-
itent sons and daughters, and pray for forgiveness
and political absolution and swear to be faithful in
the future, they and their posterity forever? I say
that was not Che view taicen in 1862. The thir-
teenth section ofthat very crimes act of July 17,
1862, upon which the honorable member from Ver-
mont places the constitutionality of the act in ques-
tion, provided—
" That the President is hereby authorized at any time
hereafter, by proclamation, to extend to persons who may
have participated in the existing rebellion in any State or
part thereof, pardon and amnesty-f with such exceptions,
and at such time, and on such conditions as he may deem
expedient for the public welfare."
.Is it proposed to repeal that'part of that law?
No sucn proposition has been made yet. The
President has issued his proclamation; he has
declared amnesty in certain cases and upon cer-
tain conditions. That amnesty is now being
availed of much more extensively, as I under-
stand,than I had feared would bethecase, They
are coming in now by hundreds and by thousands,
and when the military power of the rebels is at
an end they will be flocking to your standard
under the promise of that very amnesty, and to
be again as they were in the past our brothers,
bound and willing to have the same destiny dur-
ing all time to comc. Are we to keep them out?
This resolution keeps them out. There is not
one man in a thousand in the South who has not
fallen into the vortex of this rebellion. Some
men of hardy character, stubborn virtue, inflex-
ible firmness, a loyalty that quailed before noth-
ing, have been able to' drag out a miserable ex-
istence, cheered only by the consciousness that
they were doing right under the oppression and
outrages to which they have been subjected in
the rebel States.
For the most part, firmness has yielded; asso-
ciation has had its influence; the association of
kindred' and friends and neighbors has had its
cftcct; and they have all, more or less, done acts
that are treasonable undertheConstitution. You
cannot exile them; and what a dreadful spectacle
it would be if you could, provided they were will-
ing to come in, and yield obedience to the author-
ities of the United States! Drive six millions of
people out of the limits of the United States, wan-
derers upon the world ! It would be a shocking
spectacle in this age of humanity and civilization.
It would be still worse to exterminate them than
to exile thenv/and infinitely worse, to a proud
and sensitive people, to hold them as slaves.
You, gentlemen 'of the free States, and I honor
you for it—it is but an opinion- which I have en-
tertained coeval with my existence since I was
capable of thinking—think that slavery is wrong;
thatslaveryisasin. Ithinkso,too; butitisathing
not to be interfered with unnecessarily and at once,
because that interference leads to greater evils to
the slave and to the master; but it is in the end
to be extinguished. I entertain that opinion, too.
Why do you and I entertain it? Because of our
conviction of the immorality, and, so to speak,
the illegality, because of the immorality of the in-
stitution, because slavery itself shocks the heart
of a free man which beats true to the inspiration
of the goddess of liberty. Being so, do you want
to make slaves of the white men? Are you not
making them slaves? I do not moan by mana-
cling them, applying the lash to them, forcing them
into involuntary labor, but by denying to them po-
litical equality, equal rights. What man who is
worthy to stand'upon this floor, or in any other
•Chamber where the principles of liberty are recog-
nized, would not prefer death a thousand times to
being suojected by mere brute power to political
degradation ? And let not gentlemen believe that
such degradation is necessaiy for the purpose'of
putting down this rebellion. Let them not appre-
hend that these persons are not to be won back after
the military power which they have wielded has
been frustrated. Unless all the signs of the times
are false the day is fast approaching, and will be
sure to approach, ifthe power of this Government is
wielded as it should be, when the military strength
of the rebellion will be extinguished; and that ac-
complished, there will arise in all its original power
that love of the Union, that reverence for our fore-
fathers, that piide in our common gloiy, that de-
sire to share in the achievements which we have
won together in the past, to brjng them back 6gain
to act with us as brethren, brethren in heart as
well as in deed; when the country wiiFgo on and
be, as it was once said by a statesman now no
more, whose eloquence is world-n nOwned, whose
majestic intellect astounded as well as informed-,
the native of New Hampshire, the citizen of Mas- -
sachusetts, but the property of the Union, not a
consolidated but a united Government—
" Not chaos-like, together crushed and bruised,
But, like the world, harmoniously confused,
Where order in variety we see, ♦
And where, though all things differ, all agree,"
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
'the amendment of the Senator from Delaware,
[Mr. Saulsburt,] to strike out all of the resolu-
tion after the/word " resolved," and insert:
That the Committee on the Judiciary be instructed to in- -
quire whether Senators and Representatives are included -
within the provisions of the act entitled "An act to pre-
scribe an oath of office, and for other purposes," nppioved
July 2,1862, and whether the said act is in accordance^ or
in conflict with the Constitution of the United States.
Mr. SAULSBURY called for the;yeas and
nays; and they were ordered; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 12, nays 26; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalew, Carlile, Cowan, Davis,
Harding, Henderson,* Hendiicks, Johnson, Powell, Sauls
bury, Willey, and YV right—10.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Clark, Collamer,Con-
ness, Dixon, Fessendeu, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Hale, Har-
lan, Harris, Hicks, Howard, Lane of Indiana, Lane of
Kansas. Morgan, Sherman, Spragne, Sumner, Ten Eyck,
Trumbull, Van Winkle, Wade, and Wilson—26.
So the amendment was rejected.
The question recurring on the adoption of the *
resolution, Mr. POWELL called for the yeas
and nays; and they were ordered.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, before the
vote is taken on the measure which is now pro- -
posed, I wish, as I intend to vote in the affirmative,
briefly to state the reasons which will govern me.
The proposition now before the Senate, simply
stated, is to adopt among our standing orders one
requiring that hereafter every person presenting
himself fbr admission into this body shall be re-
quired to take the oath prescribed in the act of,
Congressof the2dJuly,1862; tmd I suppose chat
if we shall adopt such a rule, and if thereafter any
pcison shall present himself for admission here
who shall refuse to take the oath prescribed in that
statute, he will necessarily be excluded from the
body. What is the oath which the act of1862 re-
quires to be administered and taken? It is as fol-
lows:
" f do solemnly swear (or affirm) tliat I have ncve«- vol-
untarily borne aims against the United States since I have
been acitizen thereof; that I have voluntarily given no aid,
countenance, counsel, or encouragement to peisons en-
gaged in armed hostility thereto; that I have neither sought
nor accepted nor attempted to exercise the functions of any
office whatever under any authority or pretended authority
in hostility to the United States; that I have not^ietdeda
voluntary support to any pretended government, authority, .
power, or constitution within the United States, hostile'or
inimical thereto. And J do further swear (<>V atllrm) that, .
to the best of my knowledge and ability, I will support and
defend the Constitution of the United States against all eue-
nues,toreign and domestic; that I will bear true taith and
alkgiancc to the same; that I take this obligation freely,
without any mental reservatioiror purpose of evasion; and
that I will well and faithfully discharge the duties of the
office on which I am about to enter." So help me God."
Such, Mr. President,is the oath which we pro-
pose to require of a new, incoming Senator. I
shall not here stop to-discuss the question of the
mere expediency of requiring the taking of this*
oath, nor shall I stop to discuss the question i^ised .
by the Senator from Maryland [Mr. Johnson,]
whether we are not in adopting" this rule proscrib-
ing loyal citizens of the United States, and en-
deavoring to force them forever into a condition
of political inequality with us. I thirrk, however,
it is late in the day to say to the Senate of the
United States that we are committing a wrong, a
giievous wrong against persons now in jebellion
against the United States, persons who are leading
on the armies of treason against the loyal Govern-
ment of the United States, and whose hands are
red with the blood of infiocent loyalty; I think it
is rather late in the day to tell us that we are com-
mitting an injustice against that class of persons
when we simply ask them, or their representa-
tives who may hereafter present themselves in
this Chamber, to take such an oath as that which
I have just read from the statutes.
For one, sir, I am free to say that until these
rebels and their representatives shall by their con-
duct as well as their declarations purge them-
selves of all just suspicion of hostility to theGov-
ernment"which I serve, I will, to the extent of my
ability, and so, let me say, will my constituents,
