1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2317.
devotion to the blessed Government which is the
' bright particular5 conception of human states-
manship, and which made us the freest, the hap-
piest, and the greatest people on the globe, prom-
ising to be the nucleus for a grand gathering of
future loyalty, until the whole length and br^idth
of the Ancient Dominion {Shall be brought under
the gentle sway of peace, and back to allegiance
to the best Government on earth; and yet a State
like this, with promisesand prospects like these,
was, in her helplessness, struck down by the
crushing arm of the all-powerful Government of
the United States!" Shall we write any such
chapter in the history of our country? No, sir;
let us, as the President of the United States has
done, recognize her as a " loyal organization all
*the while maintained;" and let us take her in and
keep herin, until her weakness becomes strength,
and the song of redemption shall ring through
all her ancient domain.
And I will venture to say, Mr. Speaker, that
if it be really desired to bring back the " mother
of States and statesmen," in all her ancient con-
sequence, within the scope of reconstruction, you
can in no way so surely accomplish the great
desideratum as by preserving unharmed her re-
stored government. It will be a sure nucleus for
loyal formations. As the Federal armies advance
and rear the standard of the Union, men who
were forced into this cruel war against their will,
and those that tire of it—having tasted its bitter
fruits—and those who at heart sigh for the old
flag and for peace, will hasten within the lines
where they will find a double protection, the civil
protection of their own accustomed municipal
authorities, and the military protection of the
United States. And I venture to express the
opinion—and I do it very confidently—that the
best possible system of reconstruction is that of
~ restored State organization and gradual accretion.
It will be far more,effectual than the territorial-
izing policy or the establishment of military gov-
ernments. There is not in it the harshness, the
alienation, the embitterment, the rending, the
crush, the crash that will follow any system that
waits for general subjugation before it isapplied.
Its operation will be gentle and soothing, because
gradual and restorative; and under it the people
will find themselves almost imperceptibly back
at their homes, and almost unconsciously remit-
ted to their local governments and associations,
and to the blessings of the Union of theirfathers.
Just as the amputation of a limb under the seda-
tive influence of chloroform: the surgeon's knife
does its gashing work, and his saw its hackling,
and the limb is off, and when the patient wakes up
he feels no pain, and is unconscious that a limb is
gone!
Mr. Speaker, we need no intervention of Con-
gress to provide for us "a republican form of
government." Spare us, we beseech you, ail
such graciousness. Won tali atixilio, nec defenso-
ribxis istis! Sir, whatever cg.ll there may be for
the guarantying of republican forms of govern-
ment in other States, there is no necessity that
the United States perform that office for us. We
call not on Hercules for help. Our own shoul-
ders are at the wheel. We have already a repub-
lican form of government—one far more repub-
lican than any that Congress is likely to assign
us; for give us one when you will, it will be more
or less a military governnrcmt, and no military
government can be republican. Gentlemen of
this people's branch of Cengrcss, spare this gov-
ernment to us! It is our own handiwork—the
emanation of our own free will and choice—the
creation of our own nativu people and not of
stiangers—a government grappled to us by the
strong hooks of a thousand dear associations of
nativity and home, and twice a thousand sweet
memories, yet lingering around the broken "^ase,
'that will bid us look wishfully back to the stars
and stripes,"and " bring the light of other days
around us." I invoke you again, Mr. Speaker,
wrest not this our own cherished government
from us! " Woodman! spare that tree."
Let U" remember, unceasingly, one thing, that
which should be written "in letters of living
light" over the lintel of every American docu' and
deep engraven on every American heart, that in
this country governments spring from the people,
not the people from governments.
And is it clear that Congress has any rightful
authority to interfere aught with this government
of ours? Can it interpose by -virtue of its obliga-
tion to guaranty to each State a republican form of
government? Mr. Madison, in the forty-third
number of the Federalist, expressly declares that
this obligation extends only to a guarantee against
"aristocratic or monarchical innovations." Is
there in our State government any aristocratic or
monarchical feature? Have we any privileged
classes, any titled nobility, any sceptered king?
None. Then Congress cannotintermeddle. There
is nothing to guaranty. As to us, it is functus
officio. In this regard its " occupation is gone;"
or, rather, it never had any.
And according to the same illustrious author-
ity, having maintained continuously republican
institutions, wo have a right even to " claim the
Federal guarantee." And this is just what we do.
We demand your assurance of thisourrepublican
form of government. We claim protection, not
extinction, at your hands. If you do not give us
the protection you fail of yourconstitutionalduty,
and thrust us into revolution.
One more point and I have done. I am not
unaware, Mr. Speaker, that whispers have been
going around of my disloyalty. 1 am not unaware
that calumny, guided by sordid meanness and
black corruption, has essayed to " filch from me
my good name" in this regard. I know it well.
Villainy, sir, generally aims to cover up its foot-
marks, but sometimes, as if Providence were look-
ing on to punish it, it does not put soil enough
over to disguise them. In this matter I have
trailed its tortuous track, and traced out all its
dark doings. By letters clandestinely used in 1861
in this Hall—so clandestinely that I never got
sight of them, though I did learn casually the
base purport of them—it made its stealthy effort
to prevent me from taking my seat in this body
that it might be filled on a new election by one of
the arch-conspirators, who is unwoithy to unloose
the lachet of any Union man's shoes; and from
that hour to this this puppy villainy has been
barking at my heels, never once halting at hypoc-
risy, falsehood, or fraud. But this 1 will say,
no man of honor and truth, and no one himself
truly and disinterestedly loyal, ever impeached
my loyalty. And I must say, Mr. Speaker, that
if I am disloyal I have a very strange way of
showing it. I do not deny, sir, that I made an
effort to go with my State. Following the in-
stincts that bind us all to the land under whose
sod the bones of our ancestors rest, and where
loved kindred live, I did endeavor to find argu-
ments to reconcile me to secession. It was the
struggle of a not uneventful life. Sir, I saw the
baik of my State as she was about to set out on
her perilous voyage. There she was, " all in the
Downs." I watched her as she left her moorings
and neared the pier to take in her freight of human
kfe, and I gazed on the eager throngas it pressed
down to the pier.
Among the first to tread her decks was my own
and only son—a noble boy, around whom had
gathered the honors of the university of his State,
but who, alas! yielded to that fatal infatuation
that a citizen must go with his State, light or
wrong. Another louk,and twounbcaidcd youths,
fresh from the college hall, my orphaned nephews,
loved and cared for as my own children, followed
that son. I looked again, and there stepped aboard
as magnificent a specimen of mortality as ever eye
rested on. And beside him stood one of queenly
mien, his beautiful wife, my own dear child. And
clinging to the mother was her cherub boy. There
they all were. The son and the nephews were
there,^Eneas was there, and Creusa, and the boy
Ascanius; but old father Anchiscs was not there.
He stood upon the shore eyeing the flapping can-
vas, a struggle going on in his bosom which
loosened the very heart-strings—a struggle winch
I pray God may never wring my soul again—an
agonizing struggle between instinct on the one
hand and conscience on the. other—a struggle
whether I should follow the most loved on earth
or stand by my country. But, blessed be God !
conscience triumphed over instinct. I loved the
stars and stripes better than my own flesh and
blood!
I disloyal, Mr. Speaker! I who have loved this
Union from my boyhood; who have worshiped
at Us altars with as pure and deep a devotion as t
ever bowed down votary there; who (as I have ;
said on other occasions) have all my life regarded
the Constitution of the United States as " the best
system of civil liberty that ever emanated from
human hearts and human heads, and as the ac-
cumulated political wisdom of the world from the
time of Magna Charta to 1789." Disloyal to that
Union which (I have often said) is connected in my
mind with a thousand,and twice a thousand,glo-
rious associations; with the wisdom that con-
ceived and the blood that cemented it; with our
prosperity and strength at home and our power'
and glory abroad; with that gallant flag that flings
out the stars and stripes of our great country on
every ocean, lake, and gulf, and sea; with that
renown which exhibits her unconquered on a
thousand battle-fields; with all the bright gloriea
of the past and brighter hopes of the future. Dis-
loyal to a Union like this! No, sir, no!
" Tis slander;
Whose edge is sharper than the sword; whose tongue
Outvenoms all the worms of Nile; whose breath
Rules on the posting winds, and doth belie ^
All corners of the world: kings, queens, and State!/
Maids, matrons, nay, the secrets of the grave."
Mr.CHANDLER,(claimant.) Mr. Speaker,
the last day of the last session of Congress a bill
was passed which provided that in making up the
roll preparatory to the organization of the next
and each ensuing Congress the Clerk of the
House should only place thereon the names of
such persons as had credentials showing that they
had been regularly elected in accordance with the
laws of their respective States or the laws of the
United States. At the meeting of this House
the first- day of this session, when the list of
names prepared under this law was read, it was
found that the Cleik had discharged his duty in
a manner which, although'doubtless quite sat-
isfactory to himself, was very unsatisfactory to
a large majority of the members. Whole States
were left unrepresented. Oregon, Kansas, Ma-
ryland, West Virginia, and Virginia appeared
not upon the roll, it was quite a puzzle then—I
am not aware that it is a less one now—to know
the rules by which the action of the Clerk was
governed. It could not have been a desire to pun-
ish States that had confederate legislatures, for
Louisiana, Kentucky, and Missouri, all of which
were on the roll, had such bodies. As to the last
two, they, to be sure, were as peripatetic as a tin-
peddler's cart or a Methodist circuit rider; still
they claimed to be legislatures. Nor was it be-
cause some of them were represented in the con-
federate congress. Louisiana, Kentucky, and
Missouri were fully represented at Richmond.
There was no question of State seal, for" my
Maryland" had her great State seal affixed to the
credentials of her members, while Louisiana, with
a naivete that was quite refreshing,gave as a rea-
son for the absence of hers that it was forcibly
kept in the possession of the public enemies of
the State. The number of votes received by the
respective members of the omitted States could
not have been in question. To this da,y it is not
known how many votes the Louisiana members
received, but no one pretends that it was so large
as the number cast for me, and I was the lowest
on the list in this respect. Here, however, in
justice to the Clerk, let me say that, surprised as
I was and am at the conclusions at which he
arrived, I have no doubt he was honest in them,
and meant to carry out the law in good faith and
with honest purpose.
Well, sir, the roll, such as it was, was read,
and after a few questions had been asked and an-
swered, a motion was submitted and carried that
the names of the members fw>m Maryland should
be place on it. Like motions, with like results,
were submitted as to Oregon, Kansas, and West
Virginia.
The following resolution was then offered:
liResolved, That the names ofLuciusH. Chandler, Joseph
Pttg.tr, and Benjamin M Kitchen be placed on the roll as
Repiesentativea iiom the State of Virginia.'*
The mover of that resolution I see not here. On
him mortal eye will never look again. He is a
shrouded sleepei in the cold and silent chambers
i of the dead. We had been schoolmates when I
! was but a small boy, and ere he had reached the
! first flusji of manhood. Our preceptor, to use the
| New England terra, was hia brother—that brother
whose life-blood was poured outat Alton. Owen
' Lovejoy was one of the few of my schoolmates
I of whom I always retained a vivid impression.
| He was studious, quick in the acquisition of
i knowledge, as self-willed as a grandam's pet,
