1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
a citizen." I do not offer this amendment with
any desire to embarrass the bill. It is one of the
most important bills which have been presented
for our consideration, and in view of its import-
ance I regret that the time is so limited for dis-
cussing any question which may arise upon its
merits. I offer the amendment because 1 know
it is the policy of this Government, and of those
who control the Administration, to offer every
inducement to banks now existing to come in un-
der this national law. I know that in the banks
now existing in the State of New York and else-
where there are men holding large amounts of
capital who are not citizens of the United States,
men who have brought here their capital, which
has gone into Government bonds, gone into the
business operations of the country, and contrib-
uted to its development and credit; and I am not
willing, by any narrow provision of this bill, to
strike down those men who have thus contributed
to our prosperity. Let me tell you we are pur-
suing a policy which even England at this hour
and day does not pursue. 1 might name a per-
spnal friend, George Peabody, of London, who,
under the protection of English law and by Amer-
ican enterprise and sagacity, has carved out for
himself a private fortune which has but few equals
in this country or any other.
Mr. WILSON. 1 would inquire of the gentle-
man from New York whether under the laws of
England relating to the Bank of England George
Peabody could be a director in that bank?
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. I do not know
whether he could or not; but I say this, that un-
der the laws of England he can be the president
of the Columbian bank of London.
Mr. WILSON. I suggest to the gentleman
that under the laws of England he cannot be a
director of the Bank of England.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. I do not know
that he can be. I do notcall this a national bank;
it is a bank which the Government has author-
ized, and the basis of which is bonds issued by
.the Government.
Mr. STEVENS. I suppose the gentleman
knows that Mr. Peabody carries on a bank him-
self as an individual. His bank is no corpora-
tion. The gentleman knows also that Mr. Pea-
body could not be naturalized in England without
an act of Parliament.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. That I know per-
fectly well; and I do not propose that these for-
eigners shall go on and become parties to the bank-
ing system without declaring their intention to
become citizens. But when these men, with their
capital, have entered largely into banks already
existing—banks which desire to avail themselves
of this national arrangement—and ask that they
shall have the privilege of protecting and man-
aging their own capital, you deny them the priv-
ilege. They reply that they are anxious to be-
come citizens of this cour^ry. We say, 44 You
may declaic your intentions to become citizens;
but until the lapse of five years you shall have
no right to control your own capital which is in-
vested in ourbanks." Isubmitthatthisisncither
politic nor wise. I wish nothing wrong. I wish
to do everything in my power for the support of
this Government; but I do not want to repudiate
any little common sense which I may have ac-
quired in my little practical experience in the busi-
ness aflaiis of the country. I hope that some
such amendment as this will prevail, because it
will harmonize the interests of these parties and
the interests of the country.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 hope the amendment will
not prevail, and that we shall get through with
and settle this principle. The gentleman knows
very well that men in this condition are not re-
quired to serve and cannot hold office in most of
the States. Why, then, should they be hurried
into managing the finances of the country? Let
them wait their five years. It is not too long a
time, it is true you can enroll them if they have
filed their declaration of intention to become citi-
zens, or have voted, whether they have filed it or
not, because voting is taken to be conclusive evi-
dence of their having been naturalized; in other
words, they cannot say that they have not been.
If they have voted without being naturalized,
they are rascals, and cannot be allowed to plead
that in extenuation of their liabilities. 1 hope we
6ha!I settle this principle and leave the bill as it'
now is.
The'question was taken; and the amendment
was disagreed to—ayes 37, noes 58.
Mr. HOOPER. I move to amend section ten
by inserting after the word "elected," where it
occurs in the third line, and also where it occurs
in the seventh line, the words, " and qualified,"
so that it will read;
Sec. 10. Jind be it further enacted, That the directors of
aryr association first elected or appointed shall hold their
places until their successors shall be elected and qualified.
All subsequent elections shall be held annually, on such
day in the month of January as may be specified in the ar-
ticles of association; and the directors so elected shall hold
thoir places lor one year, and until their successors are
elccted and qualified, &c.
The amendments were agree.d to.
Mr. HOOPER. I move now to amend thesame
section by striking out in the twentieth line the
words " in the county adjoining," and inserting
in lieu thereof the words, " published nearest
thereto," so that that portion of the section will
read:
The director so appointed shall hold his place until the
next election ; and if from any cause an election of direct-
ors shall not be made at the time appointed, the. associa-
tion shall not for that cause be dissolved, but an election
may be held on any subsequent day, thirty days' notice
thereofin all cases having been given m a newspaper pub-
lished in the city, town, or county in which the associa-
tion is located; and if no newspaper ii*published in such
city, town, or county, such notice shall be published iu a
newspaper published nearest thereto," &c-
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. I wish to suggest
an amendment in the tenth scction. I observe
that it is provided in a subsequent section that the
Bank of Commerce of New York shall come in
under its existing articlesj)f association. This
section provides that the election of directors shall
be held annually " on such day in the month of
January as may be specified in the articles of as-
sociation." Now, if I recollect the articles of
association of the Bank of Commerce of New
York aright, they prescribe a day other than in
the month of January for the election of direct-
ors. I move, therefore, to strike out the words
44 on such day in the month of January." My
recollection of the articles of association of the
Bank of Commerce is as 1 have stated, and those
articles provide that they shall remain inviolate
and unchangeable. They have, therefore, no
power to name a different day for the election of
directors than that provided by their articles of
association. If, then, that .bank should be ad-
mitted under this law, they would have no power
under the provisions of this bill to have an elec-
tion of directors at all; and it seems to me that as
regards any bank, the election might take place
on any day fixed by the articles of association.
Mr. MALLORY. I suggestto the gentleman
from New York that he should simply move an
amendment to except the Bank of Commerce of
New York from the operation of this provision.
That will accomplish his object.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. I am willing to
do that.
Mr. STEVENS. If there is to be any pro-
vision made about it, it had better be made in the
section providing for the Bank of Commerce.
But there is no necessity for it. There is no diffi-
culty about the election under this bill.
Mr, DAVIS, of New York. The gentleman
may be right. The objection occurred to me from
my recollection of the articles of association of
the Bank of Commerce. I will, however, with-
draw my amendment.
Mr. KALBFLEISCH. I move to amend the
section by striking out ail after the word 44share,"
in line nineteen, down to the end of the sectionj
which is as follows:
And the Comptroller shall have authority to withhold
from an association hia certificate authorizing the com-
mencement oi business, whenever lie Miall have reason to
suppose that the shareholders tlieieof have funned the s-ame
for any other than the legitimate objects contemplated by
this act. *
I move to strike out that clause, because I be-
lieve it is vesting too much power in anyone
man, to give him authority to say whether he shall
grant a certificate to an association or not.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. ELDRI DGE. I move to amend the
twelfth section by striking out the/vords "eauaiiy
and ratably, and not one for another." These
bank directors generally hold large amounts of
stock, and it seems to ine they should be willing
to be held the, one for ,the other, at least to the
extent of the amount invested.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend by striking
out the word "responsible, "and inserting in lieu
of what is stricken out, " individually, or jointly
responsible," leaving it optional with the creditor,
of the bank to bring his action against one of the:
shareholders or all of them.
Mr. ELDRI DGE. I accept the amendment*
Mr. HOLMAN. Then it will read:
Shall be held individually or jointly responsible for aft'
,contracts, debts, and engagements of such association to •
theextentof the amount of their stock therein at the par-
value thereof, in addition to the amount Invested in such,
shares.
It is very true that no one individual stock-
lioldercan be made responsible for a larger amount
than his stock, and as much more on its fair par
value. But this mode of liability amounts prac-
tically to nothing', in the face of non-resident
shareholders. It seems to me that the creditor
should have the right to bring action against one
or all or any one of these shareholders, and that
the liability incurred should be apportioned be-
tween themselves. He should not be compelled
to sue all, and to recover from each a ratable por-
tion of his debt. If this provision be adopted,'it
will be found that this individual responsibility'
amounts to nothing. Such has been the~expe-'
rience of every State where an attempt of this  
kind has beert made.
The question being on the amendment as modi',
fied, tellers were ordered; and Messrs. HolmaN
and Pike were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported'
—ayes 30, noes 64.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. KALBFLEISCH. I move to amend the,
twelfth section by adding to it as follows:
But no such refusal to grant a certificate to any associa-
tion applying for the same shall in any instance bemado
without first notifying such association thereofin writing,
and stating the reasons therefor; and also allowing such
association sufficient time in which to answer all objec-
tions, with the privilege of an appeal from the decision of
the Comptroller to the Secretary of the Treasury, who is
hereby cmpoweied to reveise any decision made by said
Comptroller, if in hi« judgment the alleged objections to
granting the certificate applied for by any association are
deemed insufficient by him to authorize the withholding,
thereof.
I suggest the amendment because there may be
some ill-feeling between the Comptroller of the
Currency and the association that may apply,
and the association should have power to go be-
fore the Secretary of the Treasury on an appeal,
thus doing away with the one man power.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend by striking,,
out " to the extent of the amount of their stocKi
therein at the par value thereof, in addition to
the amount invested in such shares." The effect
of the amendment is to render the shareholders,
responsible ratably and equally for all the debts
contracted by the association. It seems to me
that that is right. We are conferring extraordi-
nary benefits on a certain class of citizens who
are able to go into a system of banking. I think
that the shareholders ratably ought to be re-
sponsible for the entire debt that they contract.
This subject has been largely discussed all over
the country, and I have no argument to present
except to state the fact that as the bill now stands,
the liability of the shareholder is confined to his
stock and to an equal amount to that stock;
whereas by the amendment which I propose tho
shareholders become liable ratably for the entire?
debt of the concern.
Mr. STEVENS. If I understand rightly the
proposition of the gentleman from Indiana, it is.
that the man who holds one share of stock in the
bank shall be liable for all the debts, circulation,
and deposits of the bank. That is the effect of
the amendment. It is only necessary to state the
proposition to show how monstrous it is.
Mr. HOLMAN. That is not exactly the effect
of if, although it might be that if there was only
one responsible shareholder hp would he liable
for ail the debts of the concern, and I believe he
ought to be.
The amendment was rejected,
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend the section
by inserting after the word " shares," in the nine-
teenth line, the words "and the directors of such
associations shall be individuals responsible for
all contracts and debts of such associations while
