8294
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 27,
conformity with that doctrine. But it may be remarked
that the peculiar constitution of a federal Government,
comprehending many States with various laws, renders
any decision, however respectable, of less extensive appli-
cation, at least till all the particular provisions existing
when it was made are fully canvassed. But Justice Story
in his more recent edition of the Conflict of Laws, (1841)
concludes a discussion on this subject by citing the passage
from Lord Coke, adding, in terms, one chief justice in
America has adhered to the same doctrine in a very elab-
orate judgment; that the reasoning of another chief justice,
in a leading case, leads to the same conclusion, and that
it stands indirectly confirmed by a majority of the judges
of tiie Supreme Court of the United States, ina veryreccnt
case of the deepest interest.5
s< Therefore, althougn distinguished jurMs may feel a
desire for some arrangement for the surrender of foreign
criminals, it would seem that the municipal law of Amer-
ica rests on the same principles as our own, winch, as he
had already stated, recognized no right and provided no
machinery by which the subjects of another State becking
refuge here could be given up to the country to which they
belonged."
The argument was made in a case involving the
right to seize a criminal in England who was the
citizen of another country, and to surrender him
up. But here are some general principles that
bear upon the points now in debate:
" He had, therefore, come prepared respectfully to warn
Secretaries of State, if it had not been rendered unneces-
sary by what had passed, that they could not seize or de-
tain aliens hcekiw; re luge heie without subjecting them-
selves to actions tor damages for f.ilse nnpi imminent, and
without further inclining the risk of a still heavier and
luoieawtul responsibility; ford a man attempted toM-ize
an ahon under such authority lie might loift, and if'death
ensued lie would be ju«>tili«d in indicting it, while those
who ordered his arrest and detention would be liable to be
tried tor murder. lie agreed with his noble and learned
friend that the comity of nations might he pioperly em-
ployed in considering of treaties and law> which would al-
low nations to seize and give up to each other their re-
spective criminals, iiut this could only bo done on the
supposition that the laws of all nations should be reason-
able and just, for no country could be justified in enforcing
those l.tws which it believed to be founded on injustice,
oppre^ion, and cruelty. .Some few great criminals had
po- ii>ly been given up without notice; bin he believed that
the (mhed States ot America had reiused to give up an
Engli.-h subject charged with loigery, because they disap-
proved ol the pum.-hment ol'death loi that crime, and until
the internal law of all countries was such that each would
have no objection to adopt it, he (eared that tins desnable
object could not be accomplished. He indulged a hope
that those distinguished persons, the judges and jmi->ts in
America, who had been relerred to, would, in common
w th tho.-e of other countries, apply their nmula to these
conMdeiations.,J
That is the law of England.pronounced by the
Chief Justice and administered uniformly and
rigorously in a country whose Government we,
condemn as despotic.- That principle is stated
by Lord Chief Justice Denman.
Mr. SUMNER. Was it not Justice Hobart
the other day ?
Mr. DAVIS. No, sir; Chief Justice Denman.
Mr. SUMNER. it is not a recent decision.
Air. DAVIS. It was made a few yearn ago.
lie is a recent judge, as we all know, of one of
the highest courts of judicature in England. What
does he lay down the law of England now to be ?
That if a foreigner, such as Arguelles, is seized
by an officer ot the law in England without au-
thority, he may resist the arrest to the point of
slaying (he man who attempts to arrest nim, al-
though he is a regular officer of the law, and lfin
lus attempt to resist he is himself slain, the officer
of the law stands guilty of the crime of murder.
That is the law not only of England but of this
country.
What is the amendment offered by my col-
league? It is this, that where a man who is not
subject to military arrest or to be tried by mili-
tary courts is arrested, those who make the arrest
shall be held to commit a felony. Is there any
act, any wrong, any outrage which one citizen
can offer to the person or to the rights of another
that ought to be more sternly characterized as a
felony and punished as such than that3 Why,
sir, our Constitution provides expressly the cases
in which courts-martial shall have jurisdiction;
and they are cases that arise m the military or
naval service of the United States or in the militia
when the militia is in the service of the United
Stales. In every other case or class of cases
where any provost marshal, any military man
clothed with a little brief authority, attempts to
make an arrest, he is not only guilty of an infrac-
tion of the personal rights of the party whom he
attempts to arrest, but he is flagitiously guilty of
violating one of the most important liberties guar-
antied by the Constitution to the citizen; aridall
the authorities of our own country and of Eng-
land establish the position and the principle that
the man who is thus about to be arrested may
resist, and if it be necessary for him to prevent
the arrest he may resist to the point of slaying
the party who attempts to make the arrest; that
if a scuffle, an encounter, ensues, and the party
attempted to be arrested is slain in the contest,
the party who is thus attempting illegally to make
the arrest is guilty of the crime of murder.
We had a famous case in the State of Ohio not
long ago. Agentleman, formerly adistinguished
member of the other House, for the use of lan-
guage in a speech, which was no violation, which
amounted to no crime or no offense, was seized
in his own domicile in the dead hour of the night
by a military posse sentfor the purpose by a gen-
eral in the service of the United States, against
law, in violation of the Constitution, dragged be-
fore a military court, tried by military law, and a
sentence of banishment entered up against him,
and that sentence put in the course of execution.
Sir, there was not a step in the proceeding against
Valtandighairt that was not an outrage upon his
political rights, his liberties, and his rights of per-
son secured to him by the Constitution of the
United States. If he had had the physical power
—and before Heaven I wish he had had the phys-
ical power—to resist those who arrested him in
his own house, his own castle, and to strike them
low in the dust, he would have been perfectly
justifiable in doing so. The men who arrested
him, the men who tried him, the men who sen-
tenced him to banishment, the men who aided in
carrying that sentence into execution, were all
trespassers and criminals; they were guilty of a
conspiracy; they were guilty of acts of lawless
violence that would have fully justified him, if he
had had the physical means, in slaying the whole
of them, and he would have stood upon his proper
and full legal defense for such acts if that had
been the result before any independent court in
the United States.
Everything of the kind must come to an end,
and I think this course of military tyranny and
military despotism has about run out. If it has
not, then the people are ready to bow their heads
in abject slavery and allow the iron heel of every
little military despot to trample their necks to the
dust. Hut, sir, the people aie beginning to know
their rights, their constitutional rights, their rights
of resistance against oppression and tyranny and
military despotism. They are awaking to the
importance of vindicating these great principles
of human liberty. This Congiess by passing the
amendment of my colleague would create a stat-
utory provision that would have the effect of re-
straining the lawless oppression, the outrageous
tyranny of the military authorities of this coun-
tiy, and in tlmt way would avert the occasions
and the causes of that violent but just and con-
stitutional resistance to which the people will
eventually be driven, and which will result in a
general scene of blood and carnage and violence,
authorized by the Constitution on the part of the
people to prevent themselves fiom being enslaved
by a military despotism.
Mr. HARLAN. I have listened from day to
day to these denunciations of the Government on
this subject, and I wish now not to enter into an
examination of the constitutional right to make
these arrests, but to call the attention of the Sen-
ator from Kentucky to the fact that in the very
case he cites to illustrate the enormity of which
he complains, there was an appearance before a
Federal judge. In the case of Vallandigharn of
Ohio, the question of the right to make the arrest
was raised before the judge of the southern district
of the State of Ohio, and he was heard by an em-
inent lawyer of the State of Ohio, formerly a
member of this body. The Question of the right
to make the arrest was raised before the .court,
and the court decided that the President had the
right to make the arrest, and there is the end of
the whole thing.
My friend from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson]
says that the question was then brought to the
Supreme Court of the United States here at Wash-
ington, and the Supreme Court decided that they
had no right to interfere with the arrest. Now
what comes of all these longspeeches on the sub-
ject? It is the Senator from Kentucky against
the judiciary of the United States, and that is the
whole of it.
Mr. DAVIS. One word in reply to the hon-
orable Senator from Iowa. I think he is utterly
mistaken—at least that isrny recollection—in the
statement that the judge of the southern district
of Ohio decided the question. On the contrary,
if I recollect aright, he expressly refused u> de-
cide the question; but if he had decided it, the
party against whom he decided it would have
been entitled to appeal to a higher court. But I
deny, so far as I know or believe, that there is
any respectable court in America that has ever
decided that a civilian, disconnected with the
Army or Navy of the United States, is liable to
arbitrary military arrest without a warrant charg-
ing a legal offense. Sir, when that principle is de-
cided ourlibertiesare gone; they are struck down.
1 believe that the rights and liberties that weie vi-
olated in the person of Vallandigharn arc a thou-
sand fold more important to the people of the
United States than the subjection of the rebel
States and their retention in the Union, and of
Massachusetts thrown in. If these great cardi-
nal, essential rights of person for which all gov-
ernment is formed, and which were intended to
be secured by the Constitution, are to be struck
down in this way, our Government is not worth
the parchment upon which it is written.
Gentlemen may sneer now, but there are many
ups and downs in this life, and the time may come
when the tables will be turned upon them. If
this war had been made against Mr. Buchanan
when he was in power, and the very measures
and usurpations that characterize the party now
in power had been adopted by him and his friends,
there is not one of these gentlemen, in my opinion,
but what would have stood up in uncompromis-
ing opposition to them, and tney ought to stand
up against them. Sir, I am for pteserving the
Constitution and the great rights and liberties
which it secures to the people against all parties,
against all factions, against Republicans or Dem-
ocrats or Whigs, and against every power that
would infringe those rights and liberties. If it
be right for these arrests to be made, there is no
harm m submitting the question of their regu-
larity and validity to the courts. The courts are
the proper tribunal to try the question. All that
my colleague asks, all that I would desire myself
would be that the way should be open for these
questions to be taken to the courts with the high-
est intelligence and jurisdiction, and there be de-
cided for the regulation of military officers and for
the protection of the citizen generally.
Mr. HARLAN. The question has been de-
cided. The President suspended the right to the
writ of habeas corpus. The arrest was made be-
cause that riicht had been suspended by the Pres-
ident of the United States under the provision of
the Constitution of theUmted States giving to this
Government the right to suspend it. It was de-
nied that he had the right to suspend it. An arrest
had been made of a man of the name of Vallan-
digharn in Ohio. He alleged that the President
had no right to suspend the writ, and attempted
to sue out a writ before the Federal court, the
district judge of the southern district of the State
of Ohio, raising the question of the right of the
President to suspend the writ. The party having
Vallandigharn in custody pleaded the action of the
President in the premises under the Constitution
of the United States, and the question was thus
raised of the right of the President to .suspend the
writ and permit these arrests to take place; and
the judge decided the question distinctly that he
had no right to issue a writ of habeas corpus on
the demand of a citizen because the President of
the United States, exercising his constitutional
prerogative, had suspended the right to sue out
such a writ. The fact had escaped my observa-
tion, but my friend from Massachusetts [Mr.
Wilson] tells me, and I have no doubt it is true,
that the question was then brought from that tri-
bunal to the Supreme Court of the United States,
and the Supreme Court of the United States sus-
tained the district judge m the decision that he
made.
Mr. WILSON. If the Senator will allow me,
it was not brought as an appeal from that judge,
but the case was brought up at the last session of
the court, and the court ruled, as the court has
always ruled, that it had no power to revise the
action of a military commission or of a court-
martial. They are just as much acknowledged
as the courts by the whole legislation of Congress
and by the action of the President. During Mr.
Jefferson's administration Congress passed a law
