1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of that kind, and Jefferson'b name is attached to
it. All the decisions of the courts and the whole
action of the Government recognize courts-mar-
tial and military commissions as a part of the
law of the country in the country, and it goes
with every vessel of the country wherever it goes
over the globe.
Mr. HARLAN. Then I suppose an applica-
tion was made for a writ of mandamus from the
Supreme Court of the United States to compel
the judge of the district court for the southern
district of Ohio to issue a writ of habeas corpus;
and thus the question, I apprehend, was raised
here; that would be the regular mode of raising
it; and the Supreme Court decided in effect that
he had ruled correctly, that the President had
constitutionally suspended the writ of habeas cor-
pus, or the right to sue it out in that case; and
there is the whole of it.
I apprehend these speeches are made merely
for political effect, and I will remind the Senator
from Kentucky, if so, the question has been de-
cided before the populace. That question was
raised in the State of Ohio, and the freemen of
O'hio decided by a majority of more than one
hundred thousand that the judge of the district
court of the United States for the southern dis-
trict of Ohio ruled rightly and that Vallandigham
was properly arrested; so that the people have
decided in Ohio as well as the judiciary of that,
the proper district, and the supreme judiciary of
the United States.
All of these questions are raised for mere clap-
trap. I can hardly believe that the Senator him-
self is serious. He may, however, argue himself
into a serious mood, because I know he has said
here on the floor of the Senate that he considers
there are two great evils in this country: one, the
lesser evil, is the rebellion headed by Jeff. Davis;
the other, and the greater evil, is the existence of
this Administration. He is desirous of putting
them both down, but as the greater one is nearer
home and more pressing he is more anxious to
put it down; he is more desirous to crush out the
Administration than he is to crush out the rebel-
lion; and hence the facility with which he argues
himself into a serious mood when he is discuss-
ing these questions which are intended to affect
the minds of the people at home.
X suppose these questions have been passed
over by the majority of the Senate, not because
there is not a sufficient answer to the whole of
them, but because the time of the Senate has been
occupied with the practical legislation necessary
to carry on the machinery of the Government.
When the proper time comes for further discus-
sion, I notify the Senator that all these cavils will
be answered fully hereafter as they have been
heretofore, to the satisfaction of the people of this
country. These questions were raised on the
stump all over the loyal States last year, and
what was the result? Overwhelming majorities
in favor of thecourse pursued by the Administra-
tion; and I do notrisk anything in predicting that
this will be the result at the approaching election.
Mr. DAVIS. I read the opinion of Judge
Leavitt on the application of Vallandigham, and
I deny that he made any such decision as the
Senator from Iowa states. He merely declined
to act in the premises, when it was his duty to
have issued a writ of habeas corpus.
Mr. HARLAN. If the Senator will allow me,
that was the very point. He decided that it was
not his duty to do so. If the arrest had been
made improperly and unconstitutionally it would
have been his duty to do so, but he decided it was
not his duty to do so in the case raised, and hence
the inference follows irresistibly that the arrest
was constitutionally made.
Mr. DAVIS. The judge did not decide the
question at all. On the contrary he expressly
waived a decision of the question. I controvert
the position, taken by whom it maybe,that any
respectable court in America has everdecided that
a military arrest of a civilian may take place with-
out a warrant charging an offense. It never has
been done, and it never will be done. 'All the
derisions in England are to the contrary, and all
the decisions in this country are to the contrary,
so far as I have read.
The Senator from Iowa says that the question
was made before the people of Ohio and decided
against Mr. Vallandigham. Well, sir, if it was
made and decided every year for ages, it i« so
3295
important a principle that there would be an ap-
peal from one year to another, and from the people
acting this year to those acting hereafter through
ages and centuries until such a despotic principle
was overthrown. I deny that a man who is not
in the Army, not subject to military law of any
kind, can be arrested, without warrant, without
any charge of crime or offense, taken (against
the express provision of the Constitution) from
the district in which offense was charged to have
been committed, taken to a distant community,
immured in a dungeon, tried by a petty court-
martial, and be deprived of having the charges
preferred against him and a presentment for his
trial upon them, be deprived of trial by jury, be
deprived of the intervention of a civil court ad-
ministering the civil law, he deprived of every
vital constitutional right in trials of this kind se-
cured to him by the charter of our liberties.
Neither the Senator from Iowa nor any other Sen-
ator can adduce a case in which all these rights
and privileges of a party under trial have been
violated in which a court has held that he was
properly deprived of them because he was ar-
rested by military order.
Sir, the provision of the Constitution guaranty-
ing those rights is in the form of an amendment.
It was proposed by Massachusetts herself, in
nearly the terms in which it is incorporated in that
instrument. There is no more invaluable, inap-
preciable right which a freeman can enjoy l'n a
country that pretends to liberty than to have a
trial according to Magna Charta and according to
the amendments to the Constitution. It is because
the conduct of these military men clothed with a
little brief and accidental authority strikes down
all of these important, vital, constitutional rights,
without which Government would be a farce and
would not be worth the money to keep it up from
day to day it is because of these wrongs and out-
rages that are perpetrated with impunity from
day today that the Congress of the United States
ought to legislate for the redress of such wrongs
and such oppressions.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not wish to prolong
this debate unless Senators desire to press a vote
on this amendment. If they do I will say what
I have to say in regard to the case of Mr. Val-
landigham which has been referred to.
Mr. WILSON. I think we had better settle
this question now as we have got it up.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will say to the Senator
from Ohio I had no expectation of this debate on
this bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will givewayto the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts if he desires to go on
with the other bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was in hopes of getting
a vote on this bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, I have care-
fully read the amendment of the Senator from
Kentucky. The general pnnciple of constitu-
tional law proclaimed by both the Senators from
Kentucky is not disputed by any member of the
Senate; that is, every man has a right to a fair
trial before a jury of his peers in the mode pre-
scribed by the Constitution. That is a right so
sacred that our ancestors five hundred years ago
engaged in civil war to enforce it; and I think the
people of this country would, if necessary, en-
gage in another civil war to maintain it. When
the Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Powell] en-
deavors to frame a criminal code for the purpose
of preventing military officers from making im-
proper arrests, he recognizes what I believe to
be the true principle. If a person simply talks
against the constituted authorities, simply ar-
raigns them, as the Senator from Kentucky [Mr.
Davis] does every day in the most violent lan-
guage, as long as he confines himself to words m
debate, although they are violent, entirely too
violent for a deliberative body, no one can stop
him; he is simply exercising a constitutional rigtit
in an intemperate way. But, sir, there is one thing
which no man can be allowed to do, either in a free
Government or in a despotic Government; and
that is, he must not render direct and positive aid
to a public enemy engaged in war. This is a prin-
ciple the Senator will not controvert, and theonly
difficulty is in drawing the line between excusa-
ble abuse of the Government and actual aid to a
public enemy.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the honorable Senator allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. SHERMAN. I would rather not answer,
any questions, because I wish to get through. I
will state briefly my points. It is too late now
to enter into a general discussion.
I repeat, sir, that no man in this country, how-
ever free we claim to be, can be allowed to do
any act that will aid the public enemy. I do not
speak now of free discussion, mere talk or per-
sonal or party railings. The people of Ohio un-
derstood the distinctions I name justas well as the
Senator from Kentucky can state them; and they
recognized this principle; that when any citizen
of Ohio or of any other portion of the United
States engaged in acts of hostility against the
Government of the United States, by aiding a
public enemy either in a civil or foreign war, that
person subjected himself to the military authori-
ties to be punished by military law; and that was
the principle applied to the case of Mr. Vallan-
digham.
Mr. SAULSEURY. Mr. President 
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope I shall not be inter-
rupted. I believe this is the first time 1 have al-
luded to this subject of military arrests in the
Senate, and I prefer to close without question.
This is the distinction. • If the act of the accused
tends to aid the public enemy, was intended to
aid the public enemy; was designed and entered
into with the purpose of aiding the public enemy
in a time of war, he is guilty of a military offense
to be punished by military law. This whole
matter was discussed in the canvass in Ohio last
year by lawyers, by judges, and by all classes of
citizens. The arrest of Mr. Vallandigham was
justified by me and by others who engaged in that
discussion, solely on this ground, that he did, with
intent to aid the public enemy, go to a neighbor-
hood where actual resistance to the constituted
authorities had sprung up and engaged in a com-
bination to aid the public enemy in time of war.
Mr. Vallandigham had gone over the State of
Ohio and had made speeches much more violent
even than those made in this Senate Chamber—
speeches which he had a right to make. He had,
from the time this war was entered into, opposed
the war, engaged in all kinds of opposition to the
war, denounced the constituted authorities, de-
nounced every man engaged in upholding the
authority of the Government. He did it in the
other House; he did it wherever he raised his
voice, and no one interfered with him. He ex-
ercised the freedom of speech as much as any man
could or dare, as much even as the Senator from
Kentucky [Mr. Davis] has done over and over
again, a>nd as he has a right to do although we
differ with him. Mr. Vallandigham had exer-
cised without objection or restraint all the right
of opposition to this Government that one man
could exercise; but when he took that one step
further, then he was arrested by the military au-
thority. I say here, Mr. President, that in tha
judgment of the people of Ohio Mr. Vallandig-
ham did take that step, he did with intent to aid
the public enemy go to a place near by where re-
sistance to the constituted authorities had assumed
the form of riot and open resistance, and there
engaged in acts directly aiding the public enemy.
His acts it is said were mere words, but they
were words directly connected with and tending
to open resistance, and were as much acts of war
as the words of an officer, unarmed though he
might be, who incited a military force to assault
a work or fight a battle.
Those were the things for which Mr. Vallan-
digham was arrested. Mr. Vallandigham violated
even this proposition, because the amendment of
the Senator from Kentucky upon which he wishes
us to vote contains this provision:
That any officer in the executive, military, or naval ser-
vice of the United States who shall arrest or cause to be
arretted any person or persons not engaged in the military
or naval service and* icho is not engaged in the rebellion
against the United States, shall immediately hand the per-
son or persons so arrested over to the civil authorities, &c.
Now, Mr. President, for the Senator from Ken-
tucky to say that no man not engaged in the*
military or naval service of the United States can
be arrested by the military authority is an absurd-
ity. Upon that principle you could not arrest
an open rebel, because he was not engaged in the
military or naval service of the United States;
you could not arrest a spy who was actually en-
gaged in open war. Why, sir, under and by the
military authority in time of war you have the
right to arrest any man engaged in aiding the
