1864'.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided m
the negative—yeas 55, nays**77; as follows:
^EA^—Mes^rs. James C. Allen, Ancona, Anderson,
Au u>tus C. Baldwin, Francis f\ Blah, Brooks, James S.
Btow , WiU^m (*. Biovvn,CofFioth, Cox, Cravens, Ores-,
vveii, Daw&o^jr Dennison, Eden, Edgerton, Eldridge, Fen-
ton, Garfield, Grider, Ilale, Hardum, Herrick, Iiolman,
Hotchktss, Hutching Kalbflmsch, Knnpp, Lazear, Mal-
lory, Marcy, Melndoe, McKmney, William H. Miller,.
James R. Morris, Noble, Ortli, Pendleton, Perry,liadiprd,
Robinson, James S. liollins, Scott, William G. Steele,
Stiles, Sltuart, Thomas, Waid, Elihu B. Washburne, Web-
ster, Wheeler, Clwlton A. White, Wilder, Winlieid, and
Fernando Wood—55.
NAYS—Mec*>rs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Baily, John D.
Baldwin, Baxter, Jacob B. Blair, Blow, Boyd, Brandegee,
Broomall, Clay, Colo, Henry Winter Davis, Thomas T.
Davis, Dawes," Doming, Dixon, Donnellv, Drigg?, Eliot,
Finek,Gannon, Griimel!, Giiswold, Hall, Harrington, Hig-
by, Hooper, Amabel W. Hubbard, John H. Ilubbaid, Hul-
burd, Julian, Ka*son, Francis W. Kellogg, OUando Kel-
lou'2,Loun, Lonsr, Lonsyenr, Marvin, McAllister, McClurg,
McDowell, Samuel F. Miller, Morttll, Daniel Morris, Amos
Myers, Leonard Myers, Norton, Ode!!, Charles O'Neill,
Patterson, Per ham, Pike, Pomeioy, Pi ice, William Ii.Ran-
dall, Alexander II. lUee, Jnlm H. iiice, Edwaid H Rollins,
Scotield, Shannon, Smith, Simthers, SpaJdmg, Stebbins,
John B. Steele, Stevens, Thayei, Tracy, Van Valkcn-
buigh, Vooibees, William B. Washburn, YVhaley, Joseph
W. While, Wilson, and Wmdotn—77.
So t}ie House refused to adjourn over.
CONFISCATED PROPERTY.
The SPEAKER stated the regular order of busi-
ness .to be the consideration of House resolution
No. 18, to amend a joint lesolution explanatory
of "An act to suppress insunection, to punish
treason and rebellion, to seize and confiscate the
properly of rebels, and for other purposes," ap-
proved July 17,1862, reported from the Comrfnt-
tee on the Judicialy, on which the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Morris] is entitled to the floor.
"WILLIAM GRACEY.
Mr. SMITH. I ask the unanimous consent to
withdraw from the files of the House the papers
of William Gracey. They are the papers of a sol-
dier who had both arms shot olF in the Mexican
war, and he desires the papers as papers of rec-
ommendation in order to get an office from the
Government.
No objection being made, leave was granted.
STENOGRAPHER TO A COMMITTEE.
Mr. HU1.RURD, by unanimous consent,from
the Committee on Public Expenditures, offered
the following resolution; which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Rcsolred, That the Committee on Public Expenditures
be, and they are hereby, aulhoi i^ed to cm ploy a&trnogiapher
winlo conducting the investigation nidoied bv ilns MotifC,
ntlhe u-ual pnee paid for iepoitmg for the Daily Globe;
and that the committee have leave to sitdunng the sessions
of the House.
A NEW RULE.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the gen-
tleman from Now Yoilt [Mi. Morris] who issn-
titlec! to the floor will yield a moment, 1 desire to
make a report from the select committee on the
rules. A resolution was sent to the committee
on rules in relation to the appointment of an ad-
ditional standing rule. That committee has met,
and has directed me to report an, additional rule,
to which 1 presume there will be no objection.
The proposed rule was read, as follows:
Rule 148. An additional standing committee shrill be
appointed at the commencement of each (Jointress whose
dutuN shall continue until the fiist session of the en>u-
ing (Jongrc^, to consist of five member-*, to be entitled a
Committee on a Umiorin System of Coinage, Weight*, and
Measure-* j and to this committee 5-hall be referied all bilK,
i evolutions, and communications to the House upou that
subject.
Mr. PENDLETON. I donotk^ow that I shall
object; but I desire to ask the gentleman who in-
troduced the rule whether it is proposed to extend
the power of the committee beyond the term of
office of membctfi?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gentle-
man will notice that the language is precisely that
contained in other rules.
Mr. PENDLETON. Then I have no objection.
Mr. DAWES. Under the rules, that rule will
lay over one day.
The SPEAKER. It has laid over several weeks
already.
The rule was adopted.
LANDS TO THE STATE OF 3IIOIIIOAN.
Mr. DUIGGS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill granting kmU to the State of Michi-
gan for the.construction of a wagon.road for postal
and military purposes from,Saginaw to the Straits
of Mackinaw in said State; which was read a fiist
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
LANDS TO IOWA.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill for a grant of lands to the
State of Iowa, in alternate sections, to aid in the
construction of a railroad in said State; which
was read a first and -second time, and referred to
the.Committee on Public Lands.
COLLECTION DISTRICTS..
Mr. LOAN, by unanimous consent, introduced
the following resolution; which was read, consid-
ered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means be
instructed to inquire into the expediency ot so amending
the "Act to ptovide internal revenue to support the Gov-
ernment, and lo pay interest on the [wbhc debt,*' approved
July I. as to authorize and empowei the President to
change the boundaries of the collection districts which he
was authonzed by the second section of said act to define,
and to increase or diminish the number of said districts
within the limit provided for in said act. from time to time,
as In his judgment public interest may demand.
CONFISCATED PROPERTY.
The special order being called for,
The SPEAKER stated that the gentleman from
New York [Mr.Morris] was entitled to the floor
upon the joint resolution explanatory of "An act
to suppress insurrection, to punish treason and
rebellion, to seize and confiscate the property of
rebels, and for other puiposes," approved July
17, 1862, which was the resolution wnder consid-
eration in order.
Mr. MORRIS, of New York. Mr. Speaker,
when the resolution now under discussion was
before the Judiciary Committee, I approved of it
without a thorough examination. I then thought
as I now do, that it is not only safe but that it is
wise to conform a law involving such weighty in-
terests as does this to the provisions of the Con-
stitution of the United States.
The Constitution, section three, articlc three,
provides—
"The Congress shall have powei to declare the punish-
ment of nea*on, but no attainder ot tieason shall woik cor-
ruption of blood or forfeiture except during the life of the
person attainted."
On the 17th day of July, 1862, in view of the
treasonable lebellion in the land, and for the pur-
pose of checking it, and of punishing the parties
thereto, Congress passed and the President ap-
proved "An act to suppress insurrection, to pun-
ish treason and rebellion, to seize and confiscate
the property of rebels, and for other purposes."
At the same date a joint resolution was passed and
approved explanatory of the act in question. It
is now proposed to amend the resolution of1SG2
so as to make it and said act confoi m to the pro-
visions of the Constitution. This being done, if
any question arises under said act, it will be left
to our courts for construction and adjudication.
Section one of said act is as follows:
"That every person who &hall heieafter commit the crime
of treason against the United States, ami shall be adjudged
guilty theicofj «hull suffer death, nnd .ill bis slaves, if any,
shall be declaied and made fi ee; or at the discretion of the
court herbal! be imprisoned fifl not hss than five years and
fined not les* th.in §10,000, and all hi  slave, if any, shall
be doclascd and made free; said fine shall be levied and
collected on any or all of the property, real and personal,
excluding slaves., of which the i-aid pei.-on so convicted was
the owner at flic tune of committing the said crime, any
sale or conveyance to the contiaiy notwithstanding."
This section provides for the punishment of
treason after an oflVnthu* is found guilty. Section
five of said act provides—
"That to inline the specdv termination o! the present
rebellion, it shall be the duly'of the Pn-s-ident of the Uni-
te d State?-to cause the scizuie of ail the c-tateand property,
money, stocks, ercdiKand rfi'ceb of the person* bciein-
after named in this section, and to apply and use the same
and the proceeds thereof for ther-uppoit 01 the Armj ot the
United States."
It will be noticed that this scction ha4* no ref-
erence to treason or its punishment. The joint
resolution of 1862 it is claimed restricts the op-
erations of said act, as is evidenced by the follow-
ing clause:
Noi '-hall any punishment or pioceeding- under said act
j he so eon-tiucd as to work a forfeiting of the real estate of
1 the oliendei beyond his natural life."
The resolution now pending proposes to amend
I and modify said clause and act, so that it shall
| IUU!—
l! "Nji .-'hall any pun; Inncntoi piecc'edin^ undct Paul act
be so construed as to work a forfeiture of the estate of the
offender, e.xceptdurmg his life. This nraendment-being ig-
tended to limit the operation and-effect of the sajd jesola-*
tion andact, and the same are hereby limited,"oniy-so far as
to make them conform to section three, arUcle>t&r?e-af-tftie
Constitution of the United States." •
I apprehend all will agree that under the
1862, were it not'for the restrictive clause of the
explanatory resolution now sought to bearrietrded,
the fee of the real estate of those named in fceo-
tion five could be confiscated, unless the provisions
of the Constitution inhibit it. I will Here say,
though I do not propose to argue the question,
nor is it germane to the subject in hand, that!
have great doubt whether the resolution of 1862
in the least restricts the act referred to. This
brings me to the question as to the propriety and
the.efFcct of the amendment.
My colleague [Mr. Kernan] alleged—-
" We have from the President a statement that any at-
tempt by Congress or by the law-making power to make as
a part punishment of treason the forfeiture of a greater es-
tate in lands than a hl'e estate of the offender Would be un-
constitutional."
It is sufficient, in reply to this, to say there is
no attempt made, and no purpose even hi,nted at
in the act of 1862,
" To make as n part punishment of treason the forfeiture
of a greater estate in lands than a life estate." • .
The act providesforthepunishmentof treason.
This the Constitution expressly authorizes. The
punishment prescribed by section one, is, first,
death, and the freedom of the offender'sslaves. Of
this there is ijo complaint. Second, it provides
forafineand imprisonment of the offender. There
is no forfeiture in this. The clause in the Con-
stitution 'was not .intended nor has it ever been
held that.it prevented the collection of fines by a
sale of an offender's real estate. Even in slight
misdemeanors .this is done; much more can it be
done in punishment of the highest crime known
to our laws. Forfeiture in England was not the
punishment prescribed .by statute, it was the re-
sult of a conviction by virtue of the common law.
The attainder, taint of treason, worked a for-
feiture independent ^>f the statute. Somewhat
analogous are some of our laws. Any'person,
upon conviction and sentence for a felony, forfeits
his citizenship. This consequence results with-
out its being named in the statute defining felony
and prescribing its punishment. This efFcct is
the taint or workings of felony. Should a colony
of citizens from the United States set up a gov-
ernment in one of the islands of thaPacific, know-
ing that under the laws with which they were
familiar a conviction and sentence for felony
woikcd a forfeiture (loss) of citizenship without
its being specified in the statute naming? the pun-
ishment, and should they wish to restrict the ef-
fects of pOnishment to the strict terms of the
statute, and to what must necessarily grow out
of them,'they would be likely to insert a clause
in their organic law similar to the clause in ques-
tion. The object would be not to inhibit the
law-making power from declaring that a person
convictcd of felony should be imprisoned'and for-
feit his citizenship, but jt would be to inhibit it
unless it was made part of the penalty by statute.
A bill of attainder was an act of Parliament,
and passed jusfas any other law. It named the
particular person, defined the crime, and passed
sentence. This is guarded against by article one,
section nine, of our Constitution; but attainder
remains; it is only the bill of attainder that is pro-
hibited. Attainder m itself is the taint, disgrace,
•or blemish growing out of a conviction or bill.
Attainder of tieason, like forfeiture, was not men-
tioned in the statute as a part punishment of trea-
son; it grew out, or resulted in consequence, of
a conviction or bill.
Now, as I understand the framers of the Con-
stitution, they intended and did prohibit bills of
attainder, and they provided that attainder, the
taint, the fact of a conviction should not work a
forfeiture or loss of civil rights or property in and
of itself. Or m other words, the carrying of any
i sentence into execution necessarily works certain
|| consequences. As the imprisonmentofan offender
|l necessarily deprives him of the society of his
jj friends and the care of his property these need
!| not be specified, hut a loss of property or of cit-
i' izenship after the expiration of his imprisonment
!| does not necessauly follow. To work this result
!; a warrant for it must bfc found either in the stat-
|j utory or in the common law'. The frameis of the
