298
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
Constitution meant, then, to say,and they do say,
wothing shall follow from a conviction for treason,
except what inevitably results, unless it is ex-
pressly stated by the law-making power. And
then even this requires that the sentence must be
carried into effect during the life of the offender.
It cannot be done, as it was in England, after the
death of the criminal. Wliat adds force to this
last view is the fact that forfeiture in law means,
a mode of changing title. When the title of prop-
erty passes by contract it is voluntary. When- it
is changed by forfeiture, it is against the owner's
will. If, then, we substitute the meaning of for-
feiture for the word itself, the clause in the Con-
stitution would read, "or take from the traitor
his title to his property, except during his life;"
that is, except it be done during his life. No
matter how guilty the person, is, if he dies before
sentence the execution of the law is suspended.
Hence the meaning is, not that the forfeiture term-
inates with the life of the offender, but that the
judgment of the court must be executed during
his life.
Section fifth of the act, as I have before stated,
has no reference to treason or its punishment.
This section is little else than a coercive war
measure. The President as Commander-in-Chief
of our armies, by his proclamation, might have
directed the same thing. The rebels are treated
as belligerents; hence it follows the Commander-
in-Chief may seize their property and confiscate it.
I do not clearly see how these rebels can claim
the protection of the Constitution. Indeed, I do
not know-that they do, unless members on this
floor are their agents and representatives. These
men, as I understand it, despise and reject our
Constitution. A person who claims the protec-
tion of law. must respect and obey it. They do
net reside with us, and they claim to be aliens.
Talk then of the rights of a rebel under our Con-
stitution, by him abjured and defied; talk of the
rights of an outlaw f As well can I comprehend
you when you talk of a holy sinner, an honest
thief, or a loyal traitor. It is not questioned by
the opponents, of this bill that the entire per-
sonal estate of an offender may be sei'/ed mid ap-
propiiated; but they insist only the life estate of
iiis real property can bo sold. Why is this?
Whatwarranthavetheyforthisdistinction ? The
Constitution and our courts are silent upon this
point, and under the English there was no dis-
tinction of this kind. Have they rebel authority
for it? If so, I have not seen it. But I am discuss-
ing what I did not intend to; my colleagues have
treated this subject so ably that J shall pass on.
ltis allegedly my colleague [Mr. Kkrxaki
that the President held the act of 1869 to be un-
constitutional, and had prepared his message to
veto it; and then the resolution of 1862 was pre-
pared and passed to meet the views ofthe President
upon this point. The President's scruples in this
behalf arose, as it appears, from the supposition
that the Constitution inhibited the confiscation of
the fee of an offender's real estate. I understand
my colleague concurs in this view. I have great-
respect for the opinions of the President, and I
know my colleague to be a sound lawyer; hence,
in differing with them on this point, I haVe had
some-misgivings. But when I remember that the
amendment only proposes to conform the resolu-
tion and act of 1862 to the provisions of the Con-
stitution, I congratulate the friends of this bill
that the President at least, if not my colleague,
has no tenable reason for differing with the Ju-
diciary Committee. ,
This being so, I cannot see how any well-
grounded objections can be urged against the
amendment, unless the objector thinks the Con-
stitution at fault.
I understand that the honorable gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] and some others,
are in favorofan entire repeal ofthe resolution of
1862. The amendment in question practically does
this, for the repeal of the resolution would leave
the act to the construction of our courts, subject
to the restrictions, if any, of the Constitution.
The passage of this amendment does the same
thing, and at the same time removes any objec-
tions that may have arisen or shall.arise in the
mind ofthe President. If I am correct, then will
the amendment be concurred in by all except
such as are mistaken, or think the Constitution
is cruel and unjust. Will the opponents of this
umendmentarratgn tile Constitution? Will t'hey
repudiate the court!" and seek to usurp their pre-
rogative ? I remember when the honorable gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Cox] and his friends were
great sticklers forom courts. Whence then this
distrust? Is it to be attributed to the progress of
the age, or does he see a writing upon the wall
indicative ofthe finger of truth and justice? The
friends of the amendment have entire confidence
in the Constitution, and they believe our courts
upon examination will not fail to give its provis-
ions full force and effect.
Here I might stop, and should do'so, were it
not for the line of remark indulged in by honor-
able gentlemen on the other side of the House.
The eloquent gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Cox]
holds that this bill " proposes to despoil the chil-
dren of their inheritance for the crime of the pa-
rent." In his kindness he manifested a marked
sympathy for these innocent children of the tiai-
tors now waging war against the Government of
their own choice.* By what authority he speaks
and acts for this class, ontfe subjects and citizens
of* this Government, I am not infoniic-d. Sir, I
admit the importance of charity and kindness; 1
concede that these children have an able and zeal-
ous champion, if not an apologist, for their out-
law fathers upon this floor. But I am not willing
to admit the correctness of his conclusions, or that
his sympathies are sufficiently comprehensive.
We-arein the midst of a wicked and unpro-
voked rebellion. It was concocted and broug ht*
on by the ungrateful fathers of the children for
whom the honorable gentleman soeloquently and
feelingly pleads.
■Mr. COX. Do I understand the gentleman to
charge that the member from Ohio to whom he
has referred has ever been the apologist or the
defender of a traitor?
Mr. MORRIS, of New York. I do not so
charge.
Mr. COX. Then you do not make any such
charge ?
Mr. MORRIS, of New York. I do not, and
the language will show 1 do not.
In our efforts to suppress this gigantic wrong
we have, or soon shall have, expended one thou-
sand million dollars, and filled some three .hun-
dred thousand new-made graves with murdered
citizens. How is thisonormous outlay of money
to be repaid? Who ought.to be punished for this
wanton destruction of lite? These are practical
questions. These questions are to he answered
by the agent&ofthe loyal people here assembled.
Three hundred thousand innocent men have been
sacrificed; and shall their unoffending offspring
now be required to pay the expenses consequent
upon the overt acts of traitors and parricides?
The real estate of the loyal soldier who sleeps in
death at Chattanooga, at Gettysburg, or whose
bones bleach uncared for beneath a southern sun,
or furnish ornaments for inhuman mothers, may
be sold to raise the taxes assessed to procure a
substitute to fill his vacant place in the ranks of
our armies. Ilis widow, his orphans, guilty of
no fault on their part, nor on the part of their
murdered father, guilty of no crime, no prodi-
fality, no neglect, are turned away homeless and
eggared. They weep not for a home only, but
also for a desolated country and the death of a hus-
band and father. This scene the honorable gen-
tleman entirely overlooked. His benign and Chris-
tian philanthropy yearned for the offspring of
traitors, the progeny of fiends whose parricidal
hands drip with the blood of butchered loyalists.
In his magnanimity lie would have them released
from paying one penny into our depleted Treas-
ury, and their real estate guarded with jealous
care ond restored to them in fee simple, with per-
haps a group of human chattels to cultivate their
lands and nnnisterto their wants. Noblecharity!
Unexampled beneficence! Who would not wish
to be a son of a traitor? The example will cheer
and encourage not only Jeff. Davis, but the old
arch traitor himself, and inspire the hope that his
lost estate may yet be restored to his dear inno-
cents now in arms against the Government—an
estate real wrested in fee from the old fiend-some
six thousand years since by authority of the con-
stitution and laws of Almighty God. What a
stupendous wrong was donetohisinnocentheirs!
Here is a field for the activities and the eloquence
of the honorable gentleman.
Mr. CHANLER. Under what law and in what
spirit would the gentleman refuse, when peacc is
granted to this country by the Power which rules
cdl nations, to grant to the offspring of a traitor
the right to live in this country, to enjoy the pro-
tection of the law, to inherit property, and to carry
on the system oCcreation? Under what law wo'uld
he deny to the offspring of his familg^ie right of
inheritance? . ™ -
Mr, MORRIS, ofNew York. 1 willsajj to my
colleague that I havenot discussed that point yet,
but I shall come to it after awhile; and I think I
shall show him that I will extend to the-children
of a traitor the benign influences of Christianity;
that I would protect them just as the children of
murdered loyalists are protected at the North, not-
withstanding theirparents are guilty , if they earn
their livelihood by prudence and industry, as
northern children do.
Mr. CHANLER. Ithankthegentleman. Then
the shafts of his irony leturn upon himself. These
children, according to his own admission, are to
be protected under his own stipulation.
Mr. MORRIS, of New York- I would only
reply that if the gentleman was not wounded he
would not writhe.
I must confess I have my sympathies and my
affinities; but they run in quite a different direction
at this time. They mourn the errorof the rebels
in desolating our country and in entailing upon
their children ignominy and poverty; they clus-
ter around the orphans of the slaughtered "heroic
dead.1' Allow me to say to the gentleman—
"The man who pauses in the paths of treason
Halts on a quicksand—tile first step ingulfs him." .
I now ask, and I want this House to answer,
is it unjust, is it wicked, is it unconstitutional to
take the property of traitors to repair the ruin
they themselves have wrought? I am not indif-
ferent nor am I forgetful of their innocent off-
spring. They, in common with others, as is ever
the case, must suffer in consequence of the errors,
imprudence, mistakes, and crimes of their parents.
They have this to encourage them, however, they
are no worse off pecuniarily than thousands at the
North; and if they are industrious and prudent,
as (ire the children of the inhabitants of the labor-
ing North, they will secure a competence, ond
reap a richer reward than idleness can ever bestow.
Should some villain in the absence of the hon-
orable gentleman pilfer his goods, murder his wife,
and buinhisdwelling,\^ould he ask no reparation;
would not the law give it to him? Would his
tenderness for the innocent children of the trans-
gressor induce him to neglect his own? If the
gentleman will undertake for all of the children
who do not receive land in fee as the heirs of such
as fail to transmit it to them in consequence of the
prodigality, in temperance, and indiscretion of their
fathers, saying nothing of crime, he will find am-
ple scope for his benevolence and employment for
life. Can it be said, in the language of the gentle-
man, " Such a system is the very wantonness
and excess of tyranny?" If to take the property
of a wrong-doer to pay in part the expenses of his
own willful acts is what the gentleman says, then
must we look for a new code of morality. Heav-
en pardons upon repentance and restitution for
the injury done. There are-conditions precedent
in all cases. Are traitors an exception ?
A few words more, and I have done. My col-
league [Mr. Kernan]' said:
"1 (to believe that If we love our country, if we hope to
pee our people ever again living peacefully under a united
Government, we should, lowaidtlie masses of the people in
the rebellious States, hold out every inducement which the
Government honorably can hold out to induce tlieni to de-
serf the secession leaders." .
These are noble words, and I most cordially con-
cur in the sentiments thus eloquently expressed.
But when the question comes, how shall this
be done? the honorable gentleman and myself
differ very widely. I much fear my colleague did
not reflect that the gieat masses in the rebel ar-
mies are non-landholders. I find a defect in our
census. They should give the number of land-
owners, and the amount owned by each. I would
like to know just the number of landowners and
the amount owned by each in the several rebel
and in the several loyal States. In the absence of
this, and having no actual data, I can only-say I
have always understood that the most ofthe lands
in the rebel States, especially the cotton and sugar-
growing oneg, are owned by planters, and that
each plantation is composed of a ISrge tract of
land.
The number of landowners, therefore, when
