H34&
MB (DONGrRESSIONATi GHOBEi
March 80!
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I with-
draw my amendment.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. I move to amend the
amendment by inserting the word " four." Ex-
perience in the State of New York has shown
that we cannot at any time Conveniently dispense
•with, small bills. We have tried the matter there
thoroughly. We oncc had a small-bill law, but
were obliged to repeal it. And it does not make
any difference whether specie payment be sus-
pended oj: not. It is a simple question between
the bank and its customers whether the conven-
ience of the community requires the furnishing
of small bills. If there is any reason why we
should issue large bills instead of specie the same
reason applies to small bills. It is a practical
question, and when it has been once determined
by any community, that is a sufficient guide to
tkexn.
I hope we shall be permitted to have small bills
under this law. The bills of our State banks
are, by this law, driven out of circulation. We
cannot get gold and silver, and we must rely upon
these bills for use.
As to the Government deriving a revenue from
issuing these bills, the same principle applies to
large denominations of bills as well as to small
ones.
Mr. PIKE. I hope the amendment will not
prevail. I desire to call the attention of the com-
mittee to the anomalous position we hold in pre-
senting to the country this bill. We spent the
last days of last Congress in imposing burdens
upon the circulation of State banks, with the dou-
ble idea of raising a revenue and lessening that
circulation. The evil we then experienced was
an over circulation, it was proposed by a large
taxation to lessen the circulation of State banks,
but I submitthat that evil to-day, instead of being
diminished, is very largely increased. We have
now a circulation of the General Government of
$447,000,000, by theexclusive circulation of which
gold has run up to seventy per cent..premium.
And it is proposed by this bill to encourage still
further circulation. We are now discussing an
amendment to outrun the proposition of the com-
mittee,and to have a circulation notonly running
down to five dollars, but in order to get more of
it, to have a circulation under five dollars. Of
course the hanks i.ssuo notes under five dollars,
because they can keep such bills in circulation
when they cannot keep bills above live dollars in
circulation. Now, the Government has a circu-
lation of $447,000,000, and we are getting up here
an additional circulation of #300,000,000, upon
which we propose to pay ^18,000,000 of in-
terest.
Mr. WILSON. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman from Maine, in this connection, that he
may find himself mistaken, for he now see.s the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. hooper] is
becoming a convert to the doctrine that we ou«ht
to save ail this interest by the Government provid-
ing a currency itself.
Mr. PIKE. 1 should be happy to see any con-
version upon the part of the gentleman ft om Mas-
sachusetts. i merely rose to make the suggestion
to the committee, and I have accomplished my
pin pone.
The amendment to the amendment was not
figieed to.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. IJCKHMiR. I now move to amend by add-
ing the following proviso to the section;
Pror.J/'il, Tiut not more than oncpixtli part of the notrs
fin to nn atjhoemtion shall liu of a denomination
man livi- tlnjjar*; ;m<} that a!t<n payment s-hall be
no si^ucmuou shall be tuniiihcil with notes ot a
b'H'i denoimnnuon tiun five dollar-.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. IjROOlv.S moviad that the committee iIkc,
The motion uns agreed to.
So theeomnuttee rose; and Mr. Amiley having
taken the chair as speaker pro tempore, Mr!
JJhaxdeuee reported that the Committee of the
Whole on {he state of the Union had, according
to order, had the state of the Union generally un-
der consideration, and particularly the national
c.uiit'iicy bill, and had come to no conclusion
thereon.
And then, on motion of Mr. DAVIS,of Mary-
laud, (at twenty minutes before livd o'clock, p,
m.,) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, March 30,1864.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
executive communication. '
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a message from the President of the United
States,transmitting the report of Charles B.Stu-
art, consulting engineer, appointed by the Pres-
ident upon the invitation of the Governor of New
York, according to the law of that State, upon
the proposed improvements to pass gunboats from
tide-water to the northern and northwestern lakes;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia, and ordered to be printed.
petitions and memorials.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented resolu-
tions of the Legislature of Kansas, in favor of a
grant of lands for the construction of a railroad
and telegraph line from the eastern line of the
State, via Paola and Emporia, to intersect the
Atchison, Topeka, and Santa Fe railroad at the
nearest point west in the Cottonwood River val-
ley; which were referred to the Committee on
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. RAMSEY presented a memorial of the
auditor of Minnesota, praying for an appropri-
ation to reimburse that State for the costs, charges,
and expenses incurred in suppressing Indian hos-
tilities within that State ana upon its borders in
the years 1862 and 18G3; which was referred to
the Committee on Claims.
Mr. GRIMES presented a memorial of citizens
of Burlington, Iowa, remonstrating against an in-
crease of the tax on lager beer; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
lie also presented a petition ofcitizcns of Iowa,
praying for an extension of the act of March 3,
1857, for the relief of purchasers of swamp lands;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. BROWN presented resolutions of the Le-
gislature ofMissouri, requesting the Senators and
Representatives of that State in Congress to op-
pose an increase of the tux on tobacco; which
were referred *to the Committee on Finance, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. MORGAN presented a memorial of the
American Institute of New York, praying for an
appropriation to aid m the proposed exploration
of eastern Asia by Dr. McGowan; which was
referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. IERMAN presented a letter of the As-
sistant Secietaiy of the Treasury, addressed to
him, communicating a copy of an extract from
the report of the commissioner appointed in pur-
suance of an act for the release of certain persons
held to service or labor in the District of Colum-
bia; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. HOWE presented a memorial of the Le-
gislature of Wisconsin, in favor of an inereaso of
the monthly wages of the non-commissioned of-
ficers, musicians, and piivaUs, sailois,and ma-
rines; winch was referred to the Committee on
Military Atfnira and the Militia, and oideied to
be printed.
He also' presented a memorial of the Legisla-
ture of Wisconsin, in favor of a grant of land to
aid in the eonstiuetion of the Southern Minne-
sota railroad; winch was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILEilNSON presented six memorials
from citizens of Minnesota, praying for the amend-
ment of the joint resolution now befofe Congress
amending the act granting lands to the State of
Minnesota to aid in the construction of railroads
therein, approved March 3, 1857, so far as such
joint resolution changes tho original act, so as to
allow the building of a road from Winona via St.
Peter or Mankato to the Ihg Sioux liver, south
of the forty-fifth parallel of north latitude; which
were referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
TAPERS "WITHDRAWN AN1) REFERRED.
Oil motion of Mr* COLLAMER, it was
Oidtied% That the petition and other papers m the case
of Reuben Clotigh, prajmj* to be allowed linear* of pen-
sion, br t.iken lioin the riles of the Seriate and rcfoned to
the I'onmuitce on Pensions.
Mr. JOHNSON. I presented the other day a
petition from the Merchants'Exchange Company
of Baltimore, which was; referred to the Commit-
tee on Claims, I think. I move now that they be
permitted to withdraw their papers from the files
of the Senate, as they have determined to present
their case to the Court of Claims. There has
been no report and no consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That order will bij
made.
compensation op pension agents.
Mr. FOOT. A day or two Bince I reported'
from the Committee on Pensions a bill relating to
the compensation of Government pension agents.
Sinc§ that time I have received a communication
from the Secretary of the Interior containing im-
portant and valuable suggestions upon that sub-
ject, and also covering the draft of a bill embody-
ing his views upon the subject, which 1 regard
important to be placed before the committee for
their consideration in connection with the bill
which has been reported. I therefore move that
that bill be taken up and recommitted to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 199) relating to the compensation of pension
agents was read a second time, and recommitted
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. FOOT. I now present the communication
from the Secretary of tlie Interior on that subject,'
and move its reference to the committee.
The motion was agreed to.
reports from committees.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary AfTairs and the Militia, to whom was re-
ferred a bill (S. No. 205) authorizing the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to pay to the Governor of
Minnesota, or his authorized agent, the further
costs, charges, and expenses incurred in sup-
pressing Indian hostilities within that State and
upon its borders in the year 1862, asked to be
discharged from its further consideration, and
that it be referred to the Committee on Claims!
which was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred a resolution of
the Legislature of Iowa in favor of a grant of
land to aid in the construction of a railroad from
McGregor to the Missouri river, reported a bill
(S. No. 208) making a grantof lands to the State
of Iowa to aid in the construction of a railroad
from McGregor to some point on the Missouri
river, mid certain lateral roads to connect with
the railroads in Minnesota. The bill was read, ,
and passed to a second reading..
Mr. FESSENDEN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred a bill (fl. R.No.
192) making appropriations for the legislative,
executive, and judicial expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending June 30, 18G5, reported
it with amendments.
Mr. POiVIEROY, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred a memorial of
the Legislature of Minnesota, prayingforah ap-
propriation for a geological survey of the mineral
lands on the north shore of Lake Superior, with-
in the limits of the State of Minnesota, asked to
be discharged from its farther consideration;
which was agreed to.
bill introduced.
Mr. SHERMAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 209) for the relief of Mary Throckmorton;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Claims.
bills become laws.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Hat, his Secretary, announced
that the President had approved and signed on
the 2rfth instant the following acts:
An act (b. No. 34) in favor of the legal repre-
sentatives of" Israel C. Wait; and
An act (S. No. 105) for the relief of E. F. and
Samuel A. Wood.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Lloyd, its Chief Clerk, announced that the
House of Representatives had passed the bill of
the Senate (No. 108) relating to tiding assistant
paymasters in the Navy, and regulating the ap-
pointment of cadets in the Naval Academy.
