1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
compared with the balance of the population, must
be small. I am also assured that these landown-
ers, few as they are, for years have wielded the
civil and the political influences which have con-
trolled these States—that the white population,
not owning lands, are as dependent and subser-
vient to these "lords'of the manor" as are the
slaves. These landowners are the men who in-
augurated and who are responsible for the re-
bellion now desolating our country. The masses
yielded to these lords of the soil as did the masses
to the usurpations of Louis Napoleon in France.
These landowners and leaders of this msurrec-
Uon'are sustained by these masses, who are in the
ranks of the rebel armies from necessity; and they
and their leaders are fed and clothed from the la-
bor of their slaves. Take these soldiers from their
ranks, and these laborers from their fields and
their shops, and where are these leaders?
The question is, how shall wo win these masses
from those who have thus deluded them? My
colleague says by protecting, perpetuating', and
securing to the heirs of these traitors their real es-
tate in fee; thus, as I hold, enabling their descend-
ants to continue a system that, like treason, works
and has ever worked corruption of morals, de-
struction of civil rights, and which has begotten
an aristocracy who are thundering at our gates
and murdering our citizens. "Will this withdraw
the masses from their leaders?
History demonstrates that from the formation
of any Government a struggle arises between two
elements for the mastery. This ever has been,
and perhaps ever will be. This struggle is not, as
some allege, between freedom and slavery, but be-
tween capital and labor. I care not to what coun-
try you turn, or to what age of the world you look,
you will find marked illustrations. You will also
find that wherever labor,an ordinance of Heaven,
is respected and properly compensated, it is in the
ascendant, and a free Government is the fruit.
This follows as certainly and as necessarily as
grain from the combined influence of sunshineand
showers. On the contrary, wherever capital gains
the mastery, it becomes exacting, cruel, imperi-
ous, insolent, oppressive; labor is despised, de-
graded, and the fi uitis au intolerable aristociacy.
This fruit wholly matured begets a monarchy.
This, I insist, holds tiue in all ages and countries.
It is as certain in a land where there are no ne-
groes as it is where they abound. Tins truth is
evidenced in ourown country, as well as in others.
At the North labor is respected, encouraged, com-
pensated, and is the ruling power. Her lakes,
rivers, canals, and workshops hum with business,
and the sterile lands tell in eloquent language of
its resources, happiness, and wealth. Heie, too,
freedom is as vigorous and stalwart as are the
oaks of the forest. The avenues to place are as
open to the sons of the laboring man as they are
to the rich; and usually the former are found tra-
versing them in reward of their intelligence and
industry. This is not that northern men have
any preeminence over others, but it is by reason
of a system that produces this result. Let this
system pervade our entire nation and its future
will be as incomprehensible as eternity and as en-
during as time.
Look at the States in rebellion. Here labor is
despised, degraded,and uncompensated. Capital
has long lorded it over its- discomfited rival, nnd
the fruit is apparent. It is now being gathered in
tears andin blood. This is notbecausesouthern
men are wanting in kindness or Christianity as
compared with others; this is not because black
men are there; but it is the inevitable fruit of a
system. The practical workings would be the
same with any race or color; adopt the same sys-
tem, other things being equal, in Russia,England,
or Ireland, and the same consequences will follow.
1 therefore talk of a system; a system as ruinous
to white men as to colored; as ruinous to a free
Government as is disloyalty. I point now to its
workings as evidence of itsdangerand its wicked-
ness. He who expects to remedy this evil by cher-
ishing its cause, he who expects harmony with-
out destroying the apple of discord, is as rational
as is the inebriate who expects to repair his wast-
ed fortunes, restore his health, and give comfort
and happiness to his family by still adhering to
his cups.
Sir, I would win these masses from their seces-
sion leaders by thehope of justice, protection, and
freedom. I would confiscate the fee in the lands
of these rebel knaves, and then 1 would parcel it
in small farms and sell it.at a living price to any
actual settler who could purchase and pay fdr it,
be he whom he may. Hold out this boon, set this
beacon-light upon the hill-tops, and the masses
will flee their leaders and hasten to our standard
as " the panting hart to a water-brook," Do this
and the rebellion and the system that begat it are
forever dead; do this'and slavery and the system
that loves it are dead. The hopes of a home, the
possession and ownership of land guarantied to
those who have been coerced into this rebellion,
will deplete the rebel ranks, strengthen our Gov-
ernment, replenish ourTreasury, and inaugurate
a system that will regenerate, redeem, and bless'
the entire South. Slavery, say you ? The problem
of slavery has been solved; if it ever had protec-
tion under the Constitution, the South have taken
it out. The Almighty, as of old, has interposed,
and the oppressed are passing through the re-
ceding waters, while their oppressors are about
to be ingulfed in the returning waves. What
would I do with the slave? I would treat him as
a man; he should have the rights of a citizen and
the protection.of our laws, until this is secured
to lum Heaven will chasten, and we can have no
permanent peace. These things being done, and
wc shall have a nation one in purpose, one in
hope, one in sympathy, one in love, one in per-
petuity. This'being done, enterprise, industry,
manufactures, commerce, the school-house,acode
of laws by and under which all are equally pro-
tected, with free labor, and a development of the
resources of the South now latent, will increase
the material wealth of our country within thirty
years the increase of which will pay our national
debt and feed, clothe, educate, and induct into the
paths of industry and usefulness the innocent
children for whom so much sympathy has been
manifested.
Sir, I look to the future in hope. A system will
attain throughout our entire nation under which
labor shall be respected and protected. With this
system, and universal freedom, our national cap-
ital, our cities and towns both North and South,
shall hum with business;*onr farmers shall drive
their teams "afield" with joy; the Potomac, the
rivers of our nation shall join in the labors of man,
and wipe the perspiration from their ponderous
brows as they bear upon their bosoms the accu-
mulating products of the several States to our sea-
board. And then old ocean, catching the enthu-
siasm at early dawn, shall rouse from his granite
bod, fling back his covering, leap from his couch,
and smilingly engage m a business which shall
bring wealth to our nation and Christianity and
universal freedom to man.
/ MESSAGE lTBOM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hickey,
their Chief Clerk, informed the House that the
Senate had passed, without amendment, the bill
of the House to amend the law prescribing the
articles to be admitted into the mails of the Uni-
ted States.
The message further announced that Messrs.
Wade, Chaxdler, and Harding had been ap-
pointed the joint committee on the part of the Sen-
ate on the conduct and expenditures of the war.
CONFISCATED PROPERTY—AG A IN.
Mr. ROGERS. Mr. Speaker, I would not at-
tempt to take the time of this House upon any
matter of ordinary importance; but when an at-
tempt is made to subvert the great, principles
which actuated our forefathers in the formation
of die Constitution by the passage of an act or
joint resolution which is in direct conflict with the
organic law, i would be derelict to my duty did I
not rise and at least enter my protest against un-
constitutional legislation; therefore I hope the hon-
orable gentlemen who compose this House will
not think me forward if I detain the House for a
short time upon this grave and important subject.
When I took my seat in this House 1 took a
solemn oath, and called God to witness the truth
of it, that to the best of my knowledge and ability
I would support and defend the Constitution of
the United States against all enemies, foreign and
domestic, and that I would bear true faith and al-
legiance to the same.
It is to sustain, protect, and defend that Consti-
tution and uphold that oath that I deem it my duty
to enter my protest against this attempted usurpa-
tion of constitwtional power. ;And were it rmtthat
I cannot forget that we were born freemert and
havea country to save, and that I conscientiously
believe that it is the willful, deliberate, and cher-
ished design of the leading lights ofthis Adminis- -
tration to override the Constitution, Wot out the
fundamental counsel and noble doctrines of consti-
tutional liberty, given and taughtlri theorganic law
by the wisdom ofa Washington,a Jackson, arid
a Jefferson, and to lay at the feet of abolitionism
the whole wisdom and genius of our fathers, I
woultfnot attempt to discuss such a momentous
subject in the presence of so much abler, older,
and more experienced'men. ' •
That joint resolution which the resolution un-
der debate affects, has the proviso:
" Nor shall any punishment or proceedings underpaid act
be so construed as to work a forfeiture of the real estate of •
the offender beyond his natural life."
1. am opposed to repealing or altering the pro-
viso of the .resolution which gives the constitu-
tional construction to the confiscation act upon
several grounds.
First, it would leave the confiscation act uncon-
stitutional without the construing resolution.
Second, did I not oppose the repealing of the
resolution I would violate my oath of office..
The language of the Constitution is very plain
upon this subject,and neveradmitted of two opin-
ions until this country had the misfortune to be
governed by the radical policy of the party in
power.
The Constitution says that Congress shall have
power to declare the punishment of treason; *but
no attainder of treason shall work corruption'of
blood or forfeiture except during the life of the
person attainted; and it also says that-—
" No bill of attaindprorca? post facto Jaw shall be passed."
Is not the Constitution very clear that the real
estate of the offender cannot be forfeited beyond
the life of the party ? Why did the President of
the United States insist that the joint resolution
proposed to*be repealed, which contains the words
that no punishment or proceedings under said
act shall be so construed as to-work a forfeiture
of the real estate of the offender beyond his nat-
ural life, should be passed before he would sign
the confiscation bill? And why didaRepublican
Congress pass such joint -resolution ? Simply be-
"eause they know that a law making the forfeiture
extend beyond the life of the offender would have
been a plain violation of the Constitution and
their oaths of office. Congress has no more con-
stitutional power to pass a law that the forfeiture
of the estate shall extend beyond the life of the
offender than it has to pass a law that attainder of
tieason shall work corruption of blood; because
the prohibition in the Constitution is as plain in
the one case as in the other. If Congress have the
constitutional right to pass a law forfeiting the
estate of the traitor beyond his natural Jife and giv-
ing the purchaser a fee simple it has, by the same *
reasoning ad vanced by the learned gentlemen upon
the other side of the House, a right to jiass a law
that will work corruption of blood.
Can it be that a doctrine so shocking to hu-
manity and terrible m its consequences was ever
contemplated by the wise, virtuous, and pure
sages and heroes of the Revolution ? It is a slan-
der upon.the fairfame of the founders of theGov-
ernment, and a libel upon the honor and integrity 4
of a free republican nation.
Does any man m his sober senses believe that
those who were purified by the trials of the Rev-
olution and covrrcd with its glories assembled in
the old Halls of Confederation and formed a Conr
stitution which recognized the barbarous and can-
nibal-like doctrine of the common law upon the
punishment and forfeiture annexed to the crime
of treason, that the punishment for the offenses
of the fathers should be visited upon the chil-
dren?
If such was the wisdom of the great and good
who had been induced to undergo the privations
and hardships of the most desperate and determ-
ined struggle the world had ever seen, why did
they not retain in this country those other bar-
barous and unchristian doctrines of the feudal
law? I have too much faith in the noole attri-
butes of character th at actuated the heroes of Lex-
ington, Trenton, Monmouth, and Valley Forge,
to believe that, situated as they had been^they
would have been the means of countenancing so
vile and vicious a doctrine as thatwhichdestroys
