1346
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
March 30,
British possessions; thence eastward along the
boundary line to the twenty-seventh degree oflon-
gitude west from Washington; thence southward
along the twenty-seventh degree of longitude to
the place of beginning, is to be crented into a tem-
porary government by the name of the Territory
of Montana. The bill contains the usual reser-
vation of powers of the Gonial Government, and
provides that the rights of the Indian tribes to ter-
ritory within those limits which has been secured
to them l*y treaty shall not be impaired.
After the usual provisions for the establish-
ment of a Legislature, a judiciary, and all other
necessary officer*, it concludes with a provision
directing that all that part of the Territory of
Idaho commencing at a point fotmed by tho in-
teisection of the thii ty-t hird degree of longitude
west from Washington with the forty-first degree
of north latitude; thence along tlie thuty-third
degree of longitude to the crest of the Rocky
mountains; thence northward along the crest of
the Rocky mountains to its intersection with the
forty-fourth degree and thirty minutes of north
latitude; thence eastward along the forty-fourth
degree thirty minutes north latitude to the thirty-
fourth degree of longitude west from Washington;
thence norihwatd nion^ tin; thn ty-foni th decree
of longitude to its intt ivection with the foi f y-nfth
degree of north latitude', thence eastward along
the forty-fifth decree of north latitude to its inter-
section with the twenty-seventh degree of longi-
tude west from Washington; thence south along
the twenty-seventh degiee of longitude west from
' Washington to the forty-first degree of north lat-
itude; thence west along the forty-first degiee of
latitude to the place of beginning, shall he incor-
porated teinporawly into and made pmt of the
.Territory of Dakota.
Mr. WILKINSON. In section five, line two,
I move to strike out the words " white male in-
habitant,"and insert " male citizen of the United
States and those who have iU rimed their inten-
tion to become'snch;15 so that the clause will lead:
That fvcij free male ^iti/J'n <>r" die (Tinlcil Sialic, uml
thoi-e who have declared then intention to herons Mieli,
above the n:;e of twenij-one \ ear*, vvno shall have Iipcii
an uetuil resident oi -,u.t IVnitmj .U the tiuuM.f the p w
sa e of this act, siiail be enUlh-ii to vote at the fust elec-
tion, &c.
A'lr. JOHNSON. Ifthntnmendrm "•nt is adopted
it is about to inaugurate n policy which seems to
me veiy ill-advised, i spi-ak it with gieat respect.
The bill as ongmnlly diafied in this respect is in
accordance with the uniform piactiee of the (Jov-
ernmont hom tW beginning to tin* present time.
'The ofleet of the amendment—and I suppose th;u
in a great measuie is the o'ljuet of the amend m< nt
—is to admit to the elertivi: fiaiiehise in tin4 pio-
post d '!'• rritory bh ek nnm as well as v lute, '['ho
black population thatjias heretofore heen in a
state of slavery, to the extent that our armies have
gone, and to the legitimate extent that may !><>
Attributed to the deviations of the President
in the form of proclamations, and thu laws winch
have been or are proposed to he passed, and the
constitutional amendment which may <n may not
be adopted, is to ho emancipated; and all the Afri-
cans now in the United States ate somf font mil-
lion's. j suppose that it can haidiy he setiously
contended thatot that four millions, such [Portion
of (firm ai have been in n state of slavery from
infancy to the pr« sent time are intelligent enotigh
or lik'dy to become intelligent enough at once to
exci eise the right of suffrage. They may go, for
aught I know, in numbers to the proposed Terri-
tory, and may sret the whole conuol of the Tern-
tor} . 11 they do not do it of tln-mselves by their
own pi muntnj^, they may he induced to do it
thiou^h the indueiac of others, and if so v.'u may
have e mo tig us., perhaps* a question just as likely
to e.tei'e me punlic the question ofthe existence
of 'd.r/e. y in itself.
£ Cto not propose to discuss U; f rose with no
su-'h \iev/: but mealy to state my objections to
it, and ic-iues t that when the vote i* taken u be
.taken by as ;tnd nays.
The ViCE PC ESi DEN I\ Tiie morning hour
having expired,  t b*. comes ;hc duty of the Ohair
to call up the unfinished business of yesterday.
Mr. W A DE. 1 mov e to suspend all other busi-
ness ana' jjen-cJ voii: the consideration of this
bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL, I hope not. We have had
up the constitutional amendment, ow which the
Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Davis] is entitled
to the floor, and I trust we shall be permitted to
go on with it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kentucky is entitled to the floor on the unfinished
business.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Thope he will proceed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Unless the Sena-
tor from Kentucky yields the floor to the motion
to postpone, that motion cannot be made.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 am not very tenacious on the
point any way.
Mr. WADE. Neither am I. I supposed this
bill would not lead to mu'ch debate and that we
could get through with it immediately; but if
there is any wish to take up other business I give
way, notifying the Senate that I shall move to
take up this bill to-morrow morning.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be the un-
finished business ofthe morning hour to-morrow.
Mr. SUMNER. I suggest that the special or-
dei be passed over informally for fifteen minutes,
and that will give us an opportunity to dispose of
this bill.
Mr. GRIMES. This will come up to-morrow
morning ui the nioining hour.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The unfinished
business of yesterday is before the Senate,and on
that question the Senator from Kentucky is en-
titled to the floor.
Mr. FOOT. I will inquire of the Chair what
is the unfinished business of yesterday? What
was the measure before the Senate that was left
under discussion?
* The VICE PRESIDENT. Senate joint reso-
lution No. 10, proposing to amend the Constitu-
tion, was called up, and immediately succeeding
it a communication was received from the House
of Rrpivpentntives and business was suspended.
Mr. FOOT. That subject was under consid-
einhon the day before vesierday.
The VICE PRESIDENT. And was called
up yesterday at one o'clock, immediati ly after
which a communication was received from the
1 louse of Representatives in regard to the death
of one of Ks meinbeis, which was announced, and
the Senate adjouined.
Mr. FOOT. It had escaped my recollection.
That was the reason of my making the inquiry.
AMENDMENTS TO THE CONSTITUTION.
'The Senate, as m Committee of the Whole,
resumed the conxideiation of the joint resolution
(S. No. {(>) proposing amendments to the Con-
stitution ofthe United >S'ates, the pending ques-
tion being on the amendment reported by the
Co nun 11 tee on t he J ud inn ry .
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kentucky is entitled to the floor.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. IVesident, I was, and am,
entiiely indifferent whether \ proceed with the
remaiks which I intend to make on this subject
now or at any time hereafter. Indeed, I would
much prefer it if the subject upon which 1 am
about to address the Senate, and the remarks that
I piopose to make m relation to it, were both
postponed until doomsday. If such an arrange-
ment as that could be made, I assure the Senate
it would inert with my heaity concurience; but
I suppose that is impracticable.
Mi. DAVIS proceedi-d to address the Senate
in opposition t<> the joint resolution. [His speech
wiii be published m the Appendix.]
Mr. SA ULSI3GRY. I move that the further
consideration of this bill be postponed until to-
monow at one o'clock.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 omitted m the course of my
remarks to p>e*sent an amendment that I intended
to offer.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair w\\\
icceive it, if there be no objection. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Dela-
v/are,
Mr. TRUMEULL. Before the vote is taken
on that, 1 move that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of executive business. I believe
that wnl leave this joint resolution before the
Senate as the unfinished business.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The motion was agreed to; and aftr->r sometime
: spent m the couotdetation of executive business,
■ the doors wero leopt-ned, and
i The Semite r'ij^uroed.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, March 30, 1864.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Piaycr
by the Chaplain, Rev. W. H. Changing.
The Journal ofyesteiday was read and approved.
EMPLOYES IN TREASURY DEPARTMENT.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Treasury,
transmuting a list ofthe clerks and other employes
in his Department during the year ending Decem-
ber 31, 1863; which was laid upon the table, and
ordered to be printed.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE TO A MEMBER.
Mr. BR.ANDEGEE. I ask leave of absence
from this House for two weeks from to-morrow
morning, for the purpose of enabling me to return
to Connecticut to record my vote there in the elec-
tion on Monday next, and to remain at home for
afewdaysfor thepurposeofrecruitingmy health.
There being no objection, leave of absence was
granted.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. STROUSE. I beg leave to state, Mr,
Speaker, that on my return to this city, I find
that during the call of the House on Friday last
nearly all my colleagues who left here to attend
the Democratic convention in Philadelphia were
excused except myself. I wish to state that I
had paired off with* Mr. Thayer, my colleague
from'the fifth district. That fact was known to
a number of gentlemen upon both sides of the
House; but the House refused to excuse me while
they excused eveiy other absentee from my State,
as L find by the official proceedings as published
in the Globe. I simply rose to ascertain if possi-
ble—it may be somewhat of a matter of privilege
—in what respect I have incuried the hostility and
lll-wiii of the members of this House that I am
selected as the only party to whom objection is
made. The request was made upon both sides of
the House that 1 should be excused, but objection
bein^ made thereto, I was not excused.
Now, X may take the liberty to say that 1 am
about as attentive to my duties as any member
here. 1 have never before been absent, except
on account of sickness in my family. This was
the first time, and I supposed that it would have
been stated to the Chair that I was paired off. I
say this injustice to myself, and 1 should really
like to know why I was singled out from a large
number of absentees from my State not to be ex-
cused.
The SPEAKER. The recollection of the Chair
is that when the gentleman's name was called
the excuse was not presented, and after that time
it required unanimous consent, which was re-
fused. That is the recollection ofthe Chair.
Mr. STROUSE. It is so stated in the official
leport.
COLONEL JOSEPH PADDOCK.
Mr. ODELL, by unanimous consent, from the
Committee on Mihtaiy Affairs, reported back the
papers in relation to the claim of Colonel Joseph
Paddock, with the recommendation that the par-
ties be peinutted to withdraw said papers, a bill
having been passed on the 24th of February last
granting the relief asked for.
Liave was granted for the withdrawal ofthe
papers.
MRS. ROLAS Y ROBALDO.
Mr. ODELL also, by unanimous consent, and
fiom the same comnuttec, lepoitcd back the pa-
peis relating to the claim of Mrs. Rolas y Ro-
haldo for damages incurred in the war with Mex-
ico m the year 1847, with the recommendation
1 hat the pai ty have leave to withdraw the papeis
and present them to the Court of Claims.
^ Mr. HOLM AN. A reference to thu Court of
Claims can only be made by a vote of the two
Houses, anu only by a bill or joint resolution.
1 desire to know jf it is proposed in this manner
to confer jurisdiction m the case upon the Court
of Claims,?
Mr. ODELL. Oh no; the recommendation of
the Committee on Military Affairs is that the par-
ties have luave to withdraw then papers from the
House and piesent them to the Court of Claims
or elsewhere as they choose. We give no direc-
tions about it.
Mr. HOLM AN. I shall not raise any objse-
