m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January |1,
the inheritance of the innocent offspring on ac-
count of the crime of the parent. Why place i.n
the Constitution the words, " but no attainder of
treason shall work corruption of blood or forfeit-
ureexcept during the life of the person attainted,5'
if it was contemplated for a moment that Congress
could pass &'law forfeiting the estate beyond the
life of the offender? The intention of the makers
of the Constitution must be governed by the sub-
ject-matter the reason and the spirit of the law.
If it was intended that the object sought to be
obtained by the ^ provision in the Constitution
limiting the forfeiture to the life of the person at-
tainted could be got rid of'in some other way than
that pointed out by the Constitution, then that
provision of the organic law amounts to nothing;
but all the effects of the attainder of treason work-
ing corruption of blood, and forfeiting the estate
forever, could be effected by some other proceed-
ings than-a bill of attainder, giving to the people
of this country all the hideous atrocities of the
common law upon this subject.
The honorablcgentleman from Maryland says
the joint resolution limiting the operation of the
confiscation law to life estates, is, in his judgment,
very unvPise, and therefore he will vote for the
amendment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
which goes directly to the objectsought to be ac-
complished by repealing the "limiting resolution.
He says there is no word in the law of the last
Congress that attaches confiscation of property
to conviction of the person for treason, to attain-
der of the person for treason, on a criminal pro-
ceeding in any court of justice; and if that be so,
then the quotation of the clause from the Con-
stitution is simply irrelevant to the matter in de-
bate, for it is that no attainder of treason shall
"work corruption of blood or forfeiture except dur-
ing the life of the party; so that it there be no pro-
ceeding by indictment, there can be no attainder,
and if thej*c be no attainder there is nothing on
which the residue of the words can operate. lie
says that simple observation disposes of the whole
argument. 1-Ie says the question is whether there
is any process of law, however this provision he
construed, by which we can effect a forfeiture of
the whole fee in land.
I again ask, what is the reason and spiritof the
Constitution, and what was the intention of the
frames of it upon this subject? Will the gentle-
man deny that the object and intention of the law-
makers were to annul that principle of the com-
mon law which forfeited the estate forever, and
cut off the offspring and heirs forever; and if that
was the intention of our ancestors, would the con-
struction of the Constitution given by the learned
gentleman effect that intention?
All the writers upon the construction of laws
and constitutions agree that they must be so con-
strued as toeffect the intention of the law-makers;
and that where laws will admit of two construc-
tions, that which nearer conforms to the intention
of the law-makers must be given. It would be
a clear violation of the rules governing the con-
struction ofconstitutions, statutes, and contracts,
to give such construction to the Constitution as
would allow another mode and manner than that
pointed out by the organic law to forfeit the whole
l'eeinthelands. Suchconstructionshould begiven
to the Constitution as would remedy the mischief
of the common law intended to be remedied by
its framets, and as would be consistent with the
republican principles of our Government.
The honorable gentleman from Maryland says
the question is, whether there is any process of
law, however this provision be construed, by
which we can effect tiie whole fee in lands. My
answer is that no authority can be found in the
Constitution by which we ran effect a forfuituie
of the whole fee in lands, and without some pro-
vision authorizing it, no lawyer can pretend that
the plain provision of the Constitution, which
declares that no attainder of treason shall woik
conuption of blood or forfeiture except during
the life of the person attainted, can be set aside
by Congress by resorting to some other form of
proceeding than conviction of the offender. That
construction would violate the reason of the law
and thirmtention of its makers; for, if Congress
can pass a law confiscating the fee simple of the
estate, they would have the same light to pass a
law working corruption of blood, with all the
pdintl and penalties attached to treason by the
common law of England. Such could not have j
been the intention of the Convention which framed
the Constitution.
At common law thepunishraent of treason was:
1. That the offender be drawn to the gallows,
and not be carried or walk.
2. That he be hanged by the neck, and -then
cut down ahr-e.
.3. Thafhis entrails be taken out and burned
while he is yet alive.
4. That Ins head be cut off.
5. That his body be divided into'four parts,
6. That his head and quarters be at the king's
disposal."
He could not inherit lands, nor transmit them
to h"is posterity.
If the gentleman's construction of the Consti-
tution be correct. Congress could pass a law-not
only punishing the person of the traitor in all the
ways known to the common law, butdeprive him
from inheriting from his ancestors or transmitting
to his posterity.
Will the dispassionate members of this House
sustain so gross and outrageousa violation of the
Constitution and intentions of the illustrious dead
who transmitted to us that great palladium of
American liberty?
The honorable gentleman from Maryland says
that the purpose assumed is the protection of the
offspring from punishment, from the guilt of the
ancestor. He says a fine is equally taken from
the offspring us land yet no one denies the right
to fine a person attainted. He says, without
meaning to say positively, that that is the mean-
ing and operation of the section. I say that, in
my judgment, it comes nearer an intelligible ex-
position of it than any such theory as this—that
you cannot take his lauds in fee, but you may
take all his personal property absolutely, which
was the ground of thePresidcnt's threatened veto
last year; that you can fine a man to the extent
of his estate, but you cannot tukShis lands to pay
the fine; and being unintelligible, with all respect
to our recent fliends, they are diiven to say that
in the punishmontof treason the Constitution has
been guilty of this intolerable folly—that for rob-
bing the nuul, or piracy, for any ordinal y offense,
or murder on the seas, or in the Army or Navy;
that for any ordinary crime Congress may pre-
scribe what punishment they please, take the land
in fee; but in providing for the punishment of
treason, the greatest crime, the most dangerous
crime, it has feebly attempted to protect innocent
offspring by saving the lands of the convict, but
leaving his life and all his personal property at
the mercy of the law.
Congress cannot prescribe what punishment
they please by fining-the offender to the whole
extent of his real and personal estate,corrupting
his blood, cutting off his heirs, and depriving him
from inheriting from his ancestors, because" that
would be in violation of the organic law, that no
attainder of treason shall work corruption of
blood or forfeiture except during the life of the
person attainted; for the object of the Constitu-
tion is not merely to prevent corruption of blood
and forfeiture because he has been tried and con-
victed upon an indictment or otherwise, but it is
the manifest intent of the makers of the organic
law to limit the common-law punishment for trea-
son, whether the party has been found guilty by
criminal proceedings or otherwise.
By the common law of England attainder is a
deprivation of power to inherit or transmit prop-
erty, and in general a loss of all civil rights con-
sequent on a sentence of death or outlawry for
treason or felony. But in imitation of the wisdom
of our fathers who framed our organic law upon,
this subject, England has moved with thespintof
the age; and in that country now, attainder, by a
recent statute, is limited to' the life of the person
attain ted.
Shall it be said that the people of England are
more humane, just, and good than the descend-
ants of Washington, Jackson, Madison, Mon-
roe, and Jefferson?
The gentleman from Maryland says that there
is no word m the law of the last Congress that
attaches confiscation of property to conviction of
the person for treason, to attainder of the poison
for treason on a criminal proceeding in any court
of justice; so that it there be no proceeding by
indictment, there can be no attainder; and if there
be no aUainder, theie is nothing on which theics-
idue of the words in the Constitution can operate.
In other words, he takes the ground that by an
act of Congress or some other proceeding than by
indictment, the. traitor may not only be punished
by all the modes of the common law, his blood
corrupted, his children disinherited, and he be
prevented from inheriting from hisancestors, be-
cause there is «o criminal conviction of the of-
fender required by the confiscation act.
The first section of the confiscation act, ap-
proved July 17,1862, Umted States Statutes at
Large, volume twelve, page 589", relates to the
full crime of treason, and not its ingredients.
The seventh section describes the proceedings
to secure condemnation.
The eighth section defines the power of the
courts in such cases.
The joint resolution explanatory of that act,-and
which is proposed to be repealed, was approved
the same day as the confiscation act. If the con-
struction given to the Constitution.by the gentle-
man from Maryland and those who agree with
him be the true one, then the'President was wrong
in threatening to veto the confiscation bill because
it did not limit the forfeiture of the real estate to
the life of the offender, because, as the gentleman
says, there is nothing in the confiscation act that
attaches confiscation of property to the conviction
of the person for treason.
The President well knew that such a construc-
tion as claimed by the gentleman would be in
violation of the Constitution and the spirit of the
organic law, ami of the well-settled opinions of
the jurists of the land, and therefore he refused to
sign the bill, and would have vetoed it, had notthe
joint resolution explanatory of the act been passed*
upon the ground of its violation of the Constitu-
tion. Before the joint resolution now proposed
to be repealed was passed, the President prepared
his message to veto the confiscation act, which
will be found in the Congressional Globe, in which
he said—
" That to which I chiefly object pervades most pail of tho
act, hut moic dMmetly appears m the first, second, and
seventh and eighth sections."
" it h the sum of those provisions which results in the
diverting of title loiover.
" Foi the causes of treason and ingredienlsoftrcason not
amounting to the full crime,itdeclatesforfeiune extending
beyond the lives of the guilty parties; whereas the Consti-
tution of tho United States declares that' 110 attainder shall
work conuption'of blood or forleiture except during the life
of the peison attainted.' Tine, there is to be no lormal at-
tainder io this casej Mill 1 think the greater punishment
cannot be constitutionally inflicted in a different fonn for
the same offense."
The President completely answers the argument
of the gentleman when he says the greater pun-
ishment cannot be constitutionally" inflicted in a
different form than that prohibited by the Con-
stitution.
The aigument of the gentleman is answered by
that great jurist, Judge Story, in 2 Story's Com-
mentaries, section thirteen hundred, in which,
after quoting the clause of the Constitution in
question, he says:
"It really operates as a posthumous punishment upon
them, and compels, them to bear not only the di-gtace uat-
utally attendant upon such Harmons eimus, but fake-, horn
them the common lights and puvilege** onjoj ed b} nil other
citizens, wheio they arc wholly innocent, and howevet ic-
mote they mav be m the lineage liotn the fn<t offender. It
Miiclyis enough ior soeiety to lake the Jilcof the offender,
asajftst punishment of Ins crime, wnhout taking from bis
offspring and relatives that property which maybe the only
means ot saving them tiom poverty aud ruin. It is bad
policy too; lor it cut; off all the attachments which these
unfortunate victims might otherwise feel tor their own Gov-
ernment, and piepares them to engage in any other service
by which tbcii supposed injuiies may be redressed or their
hereditary hatred giatifiod. Upon these and s.miku gmunds
it may be pie&umed that the clause was fiist mtioduced
into the ougtnal draft of the Constitution, and, after some
amendments, it was adopted without any appaient tesist-
ance. By the laws since passed by Congie^ it is declared
that no convict ion oi judgment for any capital or othei 'of-
fense* shall work coriupturn of blood or any foifeiune of
estate. The histoiy of other count!les abundantly ptoves
that one of the strong incentives to pio-ecute offenses, as
treason, has bpen the chance of hliainsg in tiie plund'u of
the victim?. Rapacity has been thua stimulated to exert
itself in the service ot the most corrupt tyiaimy; and tyr-
anny has been thus furnished with new oppoitunities of
indulging Us malignity and revenge, of gratitymg its envy
of the neb and good, and of increasing its means to reward
favoiites, and seeuie letaineis for the wor.-,t deeds.
It is also answered by James Madison, on page
] 73 of the Federalist, whose language I now quote:
" AstieasoiVmay be commuted against tiie United r-Uitc*,
the atulioitfyoi the United States oti^n to he able to punish
it; bui a- new-fangled and aitifii'ial uea^ons have been
the gieat engines by which violent faet'ons, the natuia? off-
spung ofliee government-, have usually wreaked their
alternate malignity on each other, the Convention have,
