1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2323
bcllious States,*and shall have driven rebellion
and treason and armed occupation by the enemies
of the country from their midst, then the doors of
this Capitol will open to those two gentlemen and
they will come in here, and Virginia will come
here clothed and in her right mind. And, sir,
with their Representatives, to whom we have list-
ened with so much pleasure, we shall see again
the star in its natural orb, making its diurnal and
annual revolutions with ail its sister stars, and in
that eternity of revolution to which we hope this
Republic with all its stars is destined. Sir, that
time will come, and come only, as it follows the
arms of the nation; and while I may agree with
my friend in reference to the territorial question,
State suicide, &c., or may not agree with him, I
think there is no gentleman in the House, what-
ever may be his opinion, who can with reason
look to any deliverance or any other solution of
this question. And, sir, wishing that day to
come, hoping its dawn is already upon us, we
say to these gentlemen, in no unkindness, that
while our hearts sympathize with those who have
borne the heat and burden of this rebellion, who
have borne testimony by their acts and by their
sacrifices to their loyalty, when that day comes
they shall find a welcome upon this floor.
I say this much that these gentlemen may not
go out of this House with a feeling that either
the committee or the House desires to close its
doors against representation, for I do not believe
that to be the feeling or sentiment of any gentle-
man upon the floor of this House. And if the
House shall vote to-day that they are not enti-
tled to their seats, it will be because neither by
the rule they have adopted nor by any otherrule
can they say that these gentlemen have received
the votes of a majority of the Union voters in
any district in the State of Virginia.
The question being upon the adoption of the
following resolution—
Resolved, That Joseph Segar is not entitled to a seat it 
tins House in a RTipieisentative m th« Thirty-Eighth Con-
gress,*lrom the fiist district in Virginia—
Mr. BLAIR, of West Virginia, called for the
yens and nays.
The yens and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 94, nays 23; as follows:
YEAS—Mo-^rs. William J. Allen, Alley, Allison, Allies
Ancona, John D. Baldwin, JSonman, Bomwell, James S.
Brown. Ohanlei, Amhio^e \V. Claris, l'obb,Cofiioth, Cole,
Ifemy Winter Davu-*, Thomas T. Ddvit:, Dawes, Dawson,
Dennng, Donnelly, Eokley. Eden, Edgei ton, Eliot.English,
fen ton, Fmck, Piank. G.uison. Uoorh, Gritmell, G nevoid,
Hale, Haninuton, Benjamin G. flam-. Highy, Ilolman,
llooper. llotehkis:*, John II. Ilubbaid, Ilnlbmd, Jpnrke*-,
William 'Johnson, Keiley, Francis W. Kellogg, Keman,
Law, Loan, Long, Longveai, MeB!Kio,lMe('luig, McDow-
ell, MeJmloe, Samuel I-\ Miller, Momll, Morrison. Amos
Myers, Noble, Norton. Odcll,CharlesO'Neill. John O'Neill,
Orth, Pendleton, Perliain, PotneioVjl'iice, Pruyn, Aloxan-
dei II. liiee, JSdvvaul 11. Uolhns, iSchenck. tfeofield, sk-ott,
Shannon, Sloan, Smith, Snutb<ji*, Spalding, Steven^,
Stiles, Strouie, Thayer, Up-on, Van VaJkenbuigh, Wad*-
worth, Ehhu P,. Wa-hbnrne, William B. Washburn, Joseph
W. White, WtUon, Wnidom, Winfield, and Fei-
nando Wood—94.
NAYS—Messrs. Anderson. Bailv, Augustus C. Baldwin,
Jacob B. Blair, Eldiulgn, Glider. Hall, Ila^img, Mallory,
Murcy, Moorhead, Nolson. Radtbid, Samuel J Randall.
William 11. Randall, James Rollins Roe*, Stuait, Tracy,
Ward, YVeb-ter, Whaley, and W'lieeiei—23.
So the resolution was adopted.
The question thrn recurred on the adoption of
the following resolution:
Resoh-n'. That Lucius II. Chandler is not entitled to a
seat in tin'House as a Representatm in the Thirty-Eighth
Congress liomthe fecund congie^s-ional distnet ot' Vu-
gima.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the votes
by which the resolutions were adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAWKS. In this connection I submit the
following resolution:
ResolvcJ, Thar tlsete be paid out of the contingent fund
ol the Houh; to Joseph Segai, Lucius H. Chandler, and B.
M. Kitchen, claimant of in ihisllonse as Represent
atives tiom Vitgmm, oaeh the iiMjai mileage of a member
hn one!sehsi<m and the monthly pay iiom the commence-
ment ot the sexton till the parage ol the loulutum m
each ea-e declautig them nut entitled to a seat.
Mr. 110LMAN. Is that a privileged ques-
tion ?
The SPEAKER. It is, if it be a report from
the Committee of Elections.
Mr. DAWES. I ought not to say that it is the
report of the committee. I simply offered the
resolution on my own motion.
The SPEAKER. The resolution having been
offered in connection with the report of the com-
mittee just disposed of, is, in accordance with the
custom of the House, properly before the House.
Mr. HOLMAN. I think it has been decided
otherwise.
The SPEAKER. The resolution would cer-
tainly not be privileged if delayed until after the
subject had passed away from the House, but the
Chair thinks that, offered in connection with the
subject, it has been usually regarded as privileged.
Mr. DAWES. If the resolution is before the
House, 1 desire to call the previous question on it.
Mr. ALLEY. I rise to a question of order,
f make the point that Mr. Chandler is an officer
of the Government, and that he cannot receive
pay for services rendered to the Government in
another capacity.
The SPEAKER. Even if the Chair were in
possession of that fact, which he is not, exccpt
as just stated by the gentleman, it is not a ques-
tion of order for hint to decide^ but for the ac-
counting officer under the law.
Mr. DAWES. If the fact be as my colleague
states it, I will modify my resolution. I know
that the statute provides that no man can receive
two salaries or be paid twice.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The ac-
counting officer can settle the question.
Mr. BLAIR, of West Viiginia. At the time
Mr. Chandler was elected to Congress he did not
hold an office under the Government.
Mr. IIOLMAN. I understand that this is
a report from the Committee on Elections.
The SPEAKER. The Chair stated at the time,
from his recollection of precedents, tluit he ruled
it in older, whether it came from the Committee
of Elections orfiom a member, asincident to the
cases just decided. The Chair will state further,
whether the decision was right or wrong, it is
now too late to take an appeal, as the House is
acting on it.
Mr. DAWES. I will withdraw my resolution
with a view to understanding the fact, and offer it
in the morning.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman certainly
cannot offer it as a privileged question after the
present time; it then becomes merely a claim.
Mr. DAWES. Then I am willing that the res-
olution shall be postponed until to-morrow.
Mr. NOBLE. I hope that the matter will be
relerred to the Committee of Elections, so that the
House will have a report of the facts.
Mr, WASHES CJRNE, of Illinois. I move that
the resolution be postponed until to-morrow
morning.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. We will
be in the same condition to-morrow that we are
in now in reference to the facts.
Mr. ALLEY. 1 move that the resolution be
referred to the Committee of Elections.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move, as
a modification of my motion, that the resolution
be referred to the Committee of Elections, with
leave to report at any time.
The latter motion was agreed to.
AMENDMENT Oi' THE POSTAL LAWS.
Mr. ALLEY, by unanimous consent, from the
Committee on the Post Office and. Post Roads,
repoited a bill to amend the postal laws; which
was read a first and second time, ordered to be
[united, and recommitted to the same committee.
BANK BILL.
Mr. GANSON, by unanimous consent, moved
that the Senate amendments to the bank bili be
ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
1'UIILIC PRINTING.
Mr. A. W. CLARK, from the Committee on
Printing, repoi ted back House bill A'o. 474, lela-
tive to the public printing.
The bill provides that that part of the act enti-
tled "An act to supply deficiencies in the appro-
priations for the service of the fiscal year en ding the j
30th of June, 18G4," which provides " that hereaf- j
terno printingor binding shall be done or blank- |
books be procured for any of the Executive De- i
partments of the Government without a requi- j
sition on the Superintendent of Public Printing .
from the head ofcueh Department," be amended
by inserting after the word " Department," where
it is last above written, the following words, "or
bis assistant or assistants;'1 so that it will i*ead,
"the head of such Department or his assistant
or assistants."
Mr. A. W. CLARK demanded the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. A. W. CLARK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
And then, on motion of Mr. LAW, (at twenty
minutes past four o'clock, p. m.,) the House
adjourned.   
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, May 18, 1864.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas Bow-
man, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Navy,
communicating, in compliance with a resolution
of the Senate of the 12th instant, information
relative to the steps taken toward the erection
of a naval hospital at Kittery, Maine; which was
ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. MORGAN presented two memorials from
citizens of New York, remonstrating against any
change of the act regulating the manner of tax-
ing express companies; which were referred to
the Committee on Finance.
Mr. DIXON piesented a petition of manufac-
ture! s of the United States praying for the en-
actment of suitable laws for the encouragement
of foreign immigration; which was referred to
the Committee on Agriculture.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented a petition of men
and women of the United States, praying for the
abolition of slavery, and the adoption of measures
for so amending the Constitution as forever to
prohibit its existence in any portion of the coun-
try; which was referred to the select committee
on slavery and freedmen.
Mr. HARRIS presented a memorial of citizens
of Chautauqua county, New York, and a memo-
rial of citizens of Erie county, Pennsylvania, re-
monstrating against the extension of the Goodyear
patent for the'manufacture of vulcanized India
rubber; which were referred to the Committee on
Patents and the Patent Office.
DUTIES ON IMPORTED GOODS.
Mr. JOHNSON. I desire to present a memo-
rial, one of which I think is already on the files
of the Senate, from the Chamber of Commerce of
the State of New York, complaining of the con-
struction put upon the joint resolution approved
April 29,1864, increasing the duties fifty per cent,
upon the then amount of duties; and I take occa-
sion to say that upon examination of the question,
which 1 did as soon as 1 received the memorial,
1 am satisfied that the memorialists are substan-
tially coriect. The Secretary of the Treasury
has, I think, fallen into an error. The uniform
decisions of the courts upon the question have
been that importations under our acts of Congress
are complete when the vessel arrives at her port
of entry intending there to dischaige her cargo.
The Secretary of the Treasury seems to be of opin-
ion that the importation is not completed until the
duties are paid. The Supreme Court have de-
cided in a variety of cases, following in that par-
ticular the decisions of the district courts, that the
importation is complete upon the arrival of the
vessel m the port. As far back as a case reported
in 1 Gallison, the United States vs. Lmdsey, the
court held, (I quote their woids:)
" Iiy the arnval ol the ve^el at the port of Bristol, on the
•10th of June, with an intent tiieie to unhide her cargo, the
importation was complete. Tiie duties accrue on the im-
portation, and not on the entiy at the custom-house."
The effect of that decision'was that she was not
liable to the duties imposed by the act of July 1,
1812. The Senate will recollect that by that act
