18(54.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
134?
tiun to the withdrawal of the papers, provided
copies are left on file.
Mr. ODELL. There is no objection to that.
Leave wa« then granted for the withdrawal of
the papers.
f ' VOTES RECORDED.
Mr. DENISON. I ask unanimous consent of
the House to recotd my vote on the rejection of
the joint resolution of my colleague [Mr. Ste-
vens] amendatory of the Constitution.
No objection was made.
Mr. DEN1SON. 1 record my vote in the af-
firmative.
Several other members made a similar request.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection, the
Chair will understand that leave is granted to gen-
tlemen to record their votes at the Clerk's desk on
the iejection of the joint resolution of Mr. Ste-
yi:ks amendatory of the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States.
No objection was made.
The following votes were recorded in the af-
firmative: Messrs. Mallory, Finck, and John-
son of Pennsylvania.
In the negative: Messrs. Blair of Missouri,
Washburn- of Massachusetts, and Miller of
New York.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. I desire
permission to state to the House that my long ab-
sence was occasioned by sickness. I arrived m
the Hall last Monday just after the vote was taken
on the joint resolution for the amendment of the
Constitution. I should have voted for its rejec-
tion, and will so vote now.
WILLIAM WHEELER I1UBBKLL.
The SPEAKER announced the regular order
of business to be the consideration of reports from
the Committee on Naval Affairs, the question be-
ing on ih* motion of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Air. Ashley,] to refer to the Committee of Chums
joint resolution No. 51, relative to the claim and
letters patent of William Wheeler Hubbeil.
Mr. AlOORUEAD. I hope the motion of the
gentleman from Ohio will not be agreed to. My
colleague on the committee,"[Mr. Edgf.rton-,] to
whom the case was referred, is not present to-day.
He and myself spent a good deal of time exam-
ining it last session, and we were satisfied then
that the claim was a just one. There are legal
questions involved m it which thegeiitleman from
Indiana [Mr. Edg-erton] could explain. I see
no reason why the ease should go to the Com-
mittee of Claims. As the claim ia for .-shells used
in the Navy, it was properly referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs. This not only provides
for the payment of the amount now due to Hub-
bell, bat it also provides for the purchase of the
patent, so that no account for Us use shall be here-
after i unning against the Government. I think
the Committee, of Claims has no jurisdiction in
the matter unless Congress shall give it. I hope,
therefore, that the motion will be voted down and
the resolution passed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The House
will recollect that tin's ease is almost parallel to
the one in reference to the broom patent, which
came here a short time Since from the Senate.
Mr. ASHLEY. I hope not; for that was alia
fraud.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, When the
resolution in that case came here from the Senate,
giving the Coutt of Claims jurisdiction of it, the
1-Iouso very properly sent it to the Committee on
the Judiciary. I think that this case should also
go these.
Mr. MOORIi EAD. I have no objection; but
I tlnnk the case has been before the proper com-
mittee, and I desire the action of the House on
th«' report.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
lefer the joint resolution to the Committee on the
Judiciaiy. It is certainly very proper that this
case should go to the Judicial y Committee. The
joint resolution regards the jurisdiction of the
Court of Claims, and it is therefore a matter
which ought to be examined very carefully. I
think that the Court of Claims h?-,s juiisdietion
enough already. If wego on extending us juris-
diction in every cese where a party clunks he has
a claim against the Government, we will over-
buideu that com t, and give Ha jurisdiction which
it should not have. ( appeal to tiie gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Asiilhv] to let this case take the
same direction that the othercase took,invohing
rhe same questions as this does.
Mr. ASHLEY. The objection that I have to
sending it to the Judiciary Committee is this 
Mr. MOORHEAD. 1 did not know that 1
had yielded the floor to the gentleman from Ohio.
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposed the
gentleman had surrendered the floor.
Mr. MOORHEAD. No, sir.
The SPEAKER. Then the gentleman from
Pennsylvania has the floor.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I am opposed to the ref-
erence of this case to the Judiciary Committee or
to the Committee of Claims for the reasons given
in the preamble to the jointresoiution. Thecase
is a very voluminousone, comprising an immense
mass of testimony. During last session the Naval
Committee spent something like a week in in-
vestigating it, and as there seemed to be a good
deal of conflicting testimony in it, the committee
came to the conclusion that it was impossible for
a committee of the House to give it due consider-
ation and attend to other public duties. For
that reason the committee reported this resolu-
tion. I hope, therefore, that it will not be re-
ferred to any other committee. I do not want to
have another committee of the House burdened
with it. I think it should go to the court, where
it can be legally investigated and properly adju-
dicated. 1 will now yield to my colleague, [Mr.
Broomall,] who seems anxious to get the floor.
Mr. BROOMALL. Mr. Speaker, I do notsee
any objection to the passage of this bill as it
stands, and I see no propnoty in refening the
matter enlu-r to the Committee of Claims or the
Committee on the Judiciary. Theieis involved
in the matter a kind of double question, which
would make it probably not a proper subject for
any single committee. If the J udiciary Commit-
tee and the Committee of Claims could be incor-
porated th"y would probably make what the
Court of Churns now is, a court competent to de-
cide the whole question.
The preamble of the joint resolution sets out
that Hubbeil claims compensation for the use of
his patent by the United States Government. It
also sets out that the Government does use the
article claimed to be patented, and that it is a use-
ful invention. If that is true—andthatis a mat-
ter for the Court of Claims to ascertain, both the
utility and the legality of the patent—if that is true,
certainly the Government does not want to make
use of absolute power to prevent itself from pay-
ing what it legitimately owes to one of its own
citizens.
Jt is said that this case is on a par with a cer-
tain broom case which came up here, and was said
to be wholly founded upon fraud; and that that
case was disposed of by one of tlie committees
of this House ascertaining that it was founded
upon fraud, if this case is founded upon fraud,
if there never was such a patent, the Court of
Claims is competent to ascertain that as well as
any other tribunal. I suppose the case disposed
of in the summaty mannei alluded to to-day, if it
had been rcfened to the Cuuii of Claims instead
of tu the committee to which it was referred, would
equally have arrived at a just conclusion; perhaps
the Court of Claims would have arrived at the
same conclusion as the committee. We are re-
ferring the claim of an individual to the court of
our own selection—an arbitrator of our own
choosing; and the idea of his getting an unfair
advantage against the Government m a court of
its own is to me a rather singular one.
Is (.his bill sufficiently guarded r Does it suf-
ficiently piotect the Government of the United
States? It does not, if you will look at it, make
the decision of the coiut final, because it allows
an appeal to the Supreme Court of the United
States by either party withm ninety days. It
that is not sufficiently guarding it 1 would like to
! know what it is. In other words, it is allowing
the claim of the individual to be submitted to an
arbitrator of our own choosing, to the Court of
Claims; and if we do not like its award it allows
us to take an appeal to the Supreme Court of the
United States. Is theie any chance fortius indi-
vidual to get an unfair advantage of the Govern-
ment of the United States by such a proceeding
as that5 i must confess that I do not. s-'e it.
Again, there is still another guard by this bill.
No matter how the Court of Claims or ihe Su-
preme Court or'the United States maydecidc upon
this claim, how just they believe the claim to be,
and how much ought to be paid to the claimant,
they cannot exceed the fixed amount of the bill.
So that all of the guards thatit seems to me to be
necessary to placc upon any claim or any bill arfe
placed upon this claim.
The Court of Claims is allowed, first, to ascer-
tain whether there is a patent and whether is
infringed; and, secondly, to ascertain what sum
should be paid, not for past infringement, hut for
all future use, so that the patent shall- be in the
Government itself. The tribunals are of ourown
choosing. I, for one, am not willing to say that
I will not trust the Court of Claims nor the Su-
preme Ccurt of the United States.
It was a grave question whether the Court of
Claims had not power to take cognizance of claims
of this sort without coming to Congress: but it
has been decided in a recent case by the Court of
Claims itself that it has not jurisdiction unless
they are specially referred by Congress. That is
what the bill proposes to do.
• If this claim be not referred to the Court of
Claims it will come up at the next session, and
again and again until acted upon; and ultimately
it will have to be referred to'the Court of Claims,
which seems to me competent to decide with jus-
tice alike to the individual and to the Government
of the United States.
Mr. ASHLEY took the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania has the floor.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I yield to the gentleman
from Ohio.
Mr. ASHLEY. I am opposed to allowing
this Court of Claims to have any more power or
authority than they have now. I am opposed to
allowing any solicitor of the United States to go
before the court and present claims for judgment
against the United States without first having the
supervision of Congress. This is simply a prop-
osition to establish a precedent whereby the Court
of Claims will become a great power in the Gov-
ernment, and whereby millions of dollars can be
drawn from the Treasury without the scrutiny
of Congress, I know nothing of the justness of
this claim. I do not care to know any thing about
it. I am nota member of the Committee of Claims.
I asked to be excused and this House excused
me from serving upon that committee, but 1 hold
thatit is the only proper and legitimate place to
which this claim should go, and 1 am determined,
if my vote can carry it there, thatit shall go there.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania who reports
this bill docs not pretend that the committee all
concur, but simply that a majority concur, in
thinking that something is due this claimant; and
thereupon a joint resolution is brought into this
House giving the Court of Claims jurisdiction,
and appropriating blindly $100,000 to this claim-
ant. Such*is the proposition before the House
broadly stated.
Now I ask gentlemen whether they are willing
to stand here and put themselves upon the record
m favor of allowing claimants, however merito-
rious their claims may be, to come in here in this
way, and in favor of blindly appropriating hun-
dreds and thousands of dollars in advance, and
f authoiizinga court to enter up a judgment against
• the Government, where the Government cannot
I in the vei y nature of things, have that protection
I and caie and guardianship of thoir Treasury
j which they can have in tins House and the Senate.
j In reply to the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
j who has just taken lus seat, I will say that J do
j not put this case upon a par with the paten! broom
| case winch was lugged m here the other day. I
distinctly stated that I did not know but that this
! was a mentoriwus case; but i object to its going
to the Judiciary Committee simply because I do
1 not think that is the proper committee. The
Committee of Claims was raised and created for
the purpose of considering just such claims as
; this. The experience of the Government proves
I that a committee of this kind is necessary; and
every possible claim which can he trumped up
i against the Government should be sent to that
| committee; and we ought not to send them to the
| Judiciary Committee, to the Military Committee,
! O! any committee except the Committeeof Claims.
1 The report of that committee and the evidence
| m the ease should be submitted to the House for
j their adjudication. Wo should not shirk there-
! sponsibihty which belongs to every member here
