2324
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18,
the duties which were before imposed were
doubled, and this vessel having arrived at the port
of Bristol ori the 30th of June, the act having
passed on the 1st of July, and not having paid
any duty, if the importation was not considered
as completed at the time of her arrival on the 30th
of June, the cargo was subject to the double duty,
but the court decided without any hesitation that
the importation was a complete importation on
the day when the vessel arrived at her port of
entry intending to discharge. The converse of
that proposition has been maintained by two de-
cisions of the Supreme Court of the United States,
in the cases of Sampson vs. Peasely, and Irvine
vs. Redfield, reported respectively in 20 and 23
Howard, in which it was ruled that the period
of exportation from a foreign country to the Uni-
ted States under the acts of July .'10, 1846, and
March 3, 1851, was the day of the sailing of the
vessel, and not the clearing day at the custom-
house. if the period of exportation is the sailing
of the vessel, it would seem necessarily to follow
that the importation is finished when she arrives
at her port of entry.
In the particular mentioned, therefore, I think
the Secretary has fallen into a mistake. I am
informed that he is exacting the increase of du-
ties from vessels that were in ports of entry in-
tending to discharge cargo there before the joint
resolution was passed at all. But he has fallen,
I think, into another error in relation to vessels
that arrive at their ports of entry befoie, as 1
think, tiie resolution became operative. Under
the Constitution of the United States the resolu-
tion could have no effect until after it was ap-
proved by the President. It seems that a variety
of vessels arrived at their ports of entry the even-
ing preceding and the morning of the day when
the President approved of the resolution, but be-
fore the actual approval. The Secretary's error
is in applying the legal doctrine that there is no
fraction of a day to a law of this description.
The doctrine itself is but a legal fiction, and has
never been enforced, if by enforcing itany actual
injustice will be the result; and the coints have
decided uniformly, both with reference to crimes
and torts and duties, that the exact time of the
day when the law becomes operative may be ascer-
tained.
Upon both these grounds, therefore, in my opin-
ion—and it is due to the memorialists perhaps that
I should say so—i think the Secretary is m error,
and that their application ought to be granted.
The memorial was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
KMPOKTS FUOM COMMITTEES.
Mr, HALE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred a memorial of
S. W. Oodon, commodore, United States Navy,
praying relief from the alleged injustice done him
m consequence of being placed on the retired list
under the net of Congress to further piomote the
efficiency of the Navy, approved Dccembc i 21,
18(51, asked to be discharged fiom Us fuithei con-
sideration; winch was agreed to, a general lull
having aliendy been reported on the subject.
Mr. liA RRLS, fi (iin the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to whom was referred a bill (11, 11. No.
32) to legulate the sessions of the e.nriiitand dis-
trict e.oui ts lor the northei n district of New Yoi k,
and for other purposes, reported it with an amend-
ment.
Mr. COWAN. The Committ.-c on Finance,
to whom was icferred a bill (Li. II.No. 35(>) re-
quiring proof of pay ment of duties on foi eign suit
before pay men t of the allows nce.s provided for by
the acts of July 29,1813, and March 3, lHli), have
instructed me to ask to be discharged from its fur-
ther consideration, and that it be 'iderred to the
Committee on Commerce, who have under con-
sideration the subject of fishing bounties, which
covers the design contemplated by this bill.
The repoit was agreed to.
Mr. COLLAMER. The Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred a
bill (£. No. 2(18) for increased facilities of tele-
graph communication between the Atlantic and
Pacific Suites and the Territory of Idaho, have
instructed nio to ask that tin? committee be dis-
charged from its further consideration, and that it
be referred to the Committee on Commerce, who
have that subject under consideration.
The report'was agreed to.
Mr. WADE, from the Committee on Terri-
tories-, to whom was referred a communication
from the Secretary of State, accompanied by a
memorial from the Governor of Utah Territory,
representing that the fund for the contingent ex-
penses of that Territory is entirely inadequate,
asked to be discharged from its further consider-
ation; which was agreed to.
STAFF OF LIEUTENANT GENERAL.
Mr. "WILSON. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (H. R. No. 72)
relative to pay of staff officers of the Lieutenant
General, to report it back without amendment;
and if there be no objection f should like to put
it on its passage now. It is a very small mat-
ter.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the joint resolution. It provides that the staff
officers on the staff of the Lieutenant General shall
be entitled to receive the same pay, emoluments,
and allowances as staff officers of the same grade
on the staff of coVps commanders, to take effect
from the day of their appointment on the staff of
the Lieutenant General.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to a third reading,
read the third time, and passed.
COMMITTEE SERVICE.
Mr. HOWE was, on his motion, excused from
further service as a member of the Committee on
Finance.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. HARDING asked, and by unanimous
conscntobtaincd,leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
279) to amend the act of Congress making dona-
tions to settlers on the public lands in Oregon, ap-
proved September 27, 1850, and the acts amend-
atory thereto; which was read twice by its title,
and icfeired to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. COiMNESSasked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to intioduce a bill (S. No.
280) to amend an act entitled "An act to facilitate
communication between the Atlantic and Pacific
States by electric telegraph," approved June 1G,
1860; which was read twice by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on the Pacific Railroad.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolu-
tion (S. No. 55) to encourage enlistments and to
promote the efficiency of the military forces of
the United States; which was read twice by its
titie, referred to the Committee on Mihtaiy Af-
faitsand the Militia, and ordered to be printed.
liUANUH MINT AT SAN FRANCISCO.
On motion of Mr. CONNESS, it was
Ordoc'l, That the Secietary er\u>e the prior in the en-
grossment of tin- hill (S. No b(>) authorizing the erection
of building fur the branch mint .it Han Francisco to be
eorirered by inserting m the tintd line ot tne engrossed
hill, between tin1 woids" three'1 ami u thousand," the word
lv hmidieij," and that he leturn the bill so eoireeled to the
House ot llopil'SCMltatlVUS,
ENROLLKD Bir/LS SIGNED.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore signed the fol-
lowing enrolled bills and jointresolutions, which
were htietofme signed by the Speaker of the
House of Representatives:
A bill (S. No. J39) for the relief of Margaret
M. Stafford, widow of Reuben Stafford, of Co-
shocton county, Ohio;
A bill (S. No. 197) for the relief of Charles L.
Nelson;
A joint resolution (S. No. 21) to provide for
the printing of official rcpoits of the operations
of the aimies ofthe United States; and
A joint resolution (S. No. 37) for the payment
of expenses incurred by the joint committee on
the conduct ofthe war.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Nicolay,his Secretary, announced
that the President of the United States had ap-
proved and signed on the 16th instant the follow-
ing acts:
An act (S. No. 38) to authorize the settlement
of thp accounts of A. Rush, late public printer for
the Territory of Oregon; and
An act (S. No. 76) relating to appointments in
the naval service, and courts-martial.
RAILROADS IN MICHIGAN.
Mr. HARLAN. There are two or three bills
reported from the Committee on Public Lands of
considerable importance, and 1 desire the Senate
to permit them to be taken up and acted on now.
I move that the Senate proceed to the considera-
tion of Seriate bill No. 250.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
250) to amend the act entitled "An act making a
grant of alternate sections of the public lands to
the State of Michigan to aid in the construction
of certain railroads in said State, and for other
purposes," approved June 3, 1856, was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole.
The Committee on Public Lands had reported
the bill with an amendment, which was to strike
out all after the enacting clause of the bill and to
insert:
That the act entitled "An act making a grant of alter-
nate sections of public lands to the Stale of Michigan to
aid in the construction of certain raihoads m said State,
and for other purposes," be, and the same is hereby, amend-
ed as follows, namely: substitute for the would "andiron*
Grand Rapids to some point on or near Traverse bay,"
contained in the fiist section of said act, these woida:
"and fiom a point on the southern boundary line of the
State of Michigan, in the township ot Sturgis, by way of
Grand Rapids, tosome point on oi near Tiaveiso bay." Ami
the said act shall be, and is hereby, so amended as to sub-
stitute tor the first elaute of the first proviso jn the first
section thereof, so far as the same shall be applicable to
the grant of lands made to aid in the construction of the
raihoad described by the lorrgoing amendment, these
woids: •' Provided, That the lands to ho so selected shall
xn no case be luither than twenty miles from the line of
said road."
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further cnactcd, That the land? grant-
ed by the act amended by this act, and also by the provis-
ions ot tins act, to aid in the construction of the laihoad
de&cubed in the foiegumg section, shall be disposed of
only in the following manner, that is tn ^ty, when the
Governoi of the Stale of Michigan shall certify to the
Secretary of the Interior that ten consecutive miles of
said road has been completed in a good and substantial
manner as a first-class raihoad, indicating definitely where
said completed section commences and where the same
teinunntes, the said ^ecietarv shall cause patents to issue
to saiii State b>r so much of said hinds :w are located op-
posite to and conterminous with said completed section of
said road, and so trom tune to time for eaeh completed
section of ten miles of said load until the whole  hall be
completed.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move to amend the
amendment of the committee in section one, lino
nine, by striking out the words " from a point on
the southern boundary line of the State of Michi-
fan," arid inserting the words "from the city of
'ort Wayne, in the State of Indiana."
Mr. HARLAN. I do not know what the sense
of the Senate will be in relation to this amend-
ment, but if it should be approved I think the
phraseology might be amended so as to say,
"from Fort "VVayne, through the township of
Stuigis, on the southern boundary of Michigan."
That will leave the line in the State of Michigan,
as it now stands.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I accept that modifica-
tion. The purpose is to enable this company to
complete its entire work. Its work is intended to
run from Fort Wayne up into the State of Michi-
gan. Of course no part of the lands will be used
in the construction of that part of the road which
is m the State of Indiana unless theie be an ex-
cess, under tho phraseology of this bill; but as
it is one entire work, and as this would secure
capital from the State of Indiana, I think it would
be a benefit to the bill.
Mr. HOWARD. I should like to hear the
amendment ofthe Senator from Indiana again re-
ported. I did not understand it before.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be again
reported.
The Secretary. The amendment of the Sen-
ator from Indiana is in line nine, section one of
the amendment of the committee, to stiike out the
words "from a point on the southern boundary
line of the State of Michigan," and insert " from
Fort Wayne through the township of Sturscts."
Mr. HARLAN. I propose to have the bill
read in this way, which I think will be acceptable
to the Senator from Indiana:
And from Foit VVayne, in the State of Indiana, to a point
on the southern boundary line of the State of Michigan m
the township of Sturgis, thence by way of Giaud Rapids
to a point at or near Tiaverse bay.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That is the amendment
I desire to accept.
Mr. HOWARD. I will inquire of the Sena-
tor from Indiana whether this appropriation of
lands lying in Michigan would not apply to that
