1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2325
portion of the railroad route which lies within
Indiana; in other words, whether it is not a trans-
fer of the fund arising from the sale of lands in
Michigan to the construction of a railroad or#a
part of a railroad In Indiana. I understand that
it is.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will answer the Sena-
tor with pleasure. The effect of it will be just
this: if there should be an excess of the land fund
for the construction of a road in Michigan the
company may use it to construct that part of the
road from Fort Wayne to the Michigan State line;
but according to the framework of this bill the
funds arising from the sale of the land must be
used to construct the line opposite to the land that
is thus sold, i believe that is the provision of the
bill, and of all the bills that have been reported at
this session. The lands cannot be used except in
constructing that portion of the road running
through the lands unless there be an excess.
This is one entire enterprise, and I think the com-
pany desires this amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment, as modified, will be reported.
The Secretary read the amendmentas modified,
which was, in line nine of the first section of the
amendment of the committee, after the word
"from " to insert "Fort Wayne, in the State of
Indiana," and in line eleven, after the word
" Sturgis," to insert " thence;" so as to read:
And from Fort Wayne, in the State of Indiana, to a point
on tne routliein boundaiy line of the State of Michigan, in
the township of Sturgis, thence by way of Giand Rapids
to some point on or near Traverse bay.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
The amendment of the committee, as amended,
was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
and was read the fhiid time, and passed. Its title
was amended to read: A bill to amend an act en-
titled " An act making agrantof alternate sections
of public lands to the State of Michigan, to aid in
the construction of certain railroads in said State,
and for other purposes."
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPiiersox, its Clerk, announced that
the House of Representatives had passed a bill
(No. 474) to amend an act relative to the public
printing; m which it requested the concurrence of
the Senate.
The message furtherannounced thatthc House
of Representatives had agreed to the report ofthe
committee of conference on the disagreeing votps
of the two Houses on the bill (H. 11. No. 151)
making appropriations for the naval service for
the year ending June 30, 1865.
The message furtherannounced that the House
of Representatives hadagreed to the amendments
of the Senate to the bill of the House (No. 251)
to organize a regiment of veteran volunteer en-
gineers.
RAILROADS IN IOWA.
On motion of Mr. HARLAN, the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 381) to amend an act
entitled "An act making a grant of land to the
State of Iowa, in alternate sections, to aid in the
construction of certain railroads in said State,"
appro\ed May 15, 3856.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The hour of
one o'clock having arrived, the Chair calls up the
order of the day, being Senate bill No. 265, the
unfinished business of yesterday.
Mr. HARLAN. I hope tiie Senator in charge
of that bill will consent to let itgo over informally
until thus bill is disposed of.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have no objection to its
going over informally. I suppose this bill will
give rise to no debate, as it only proposes to give
awuy a few million acres of the public lands.
Mr. HARLAN. There will be no debate upon
it whatever, I think.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Jt will take less time to
dispose of the bill now than to_ postpone it and
take it up again at some other time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
heats no objection, and the special order will be
passed over informally. The amendments re-
ported by the Committee on Public Lands to the
bill will be read.
The first amendment of the committee was in
section one, line nineteen, to strike out the words
"may be found practicable by said company,"
and to insert in lieu thereof:
The line surveyed and located by Mr. Day in the year
1854 or 1836, and not further north of said town than the
north hne of section twenty-two, township eighty north,
of range nineteen, according to the United States surveys.
So that the proviso will read:
jProvided, That said line shall pass through the town of
Newton, in Jasper county, or as near said town as the line
surveyed and located by Mr. Day, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section two, line
seven, to insert the word " public" before the
word u lands;" and in line eight to strike out the
words "and subject to entry," and to insert in
lieu thereof:
Not sold, reserved, or otherwise disposed of, or to which
apieemption claim or right of homestead settlement has
not attached, and on which a bona fide settlement and im-
provement has not been made under color of title derived
iroin the United States or from the State of Iowa.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section three, line
nine, before the word u lands" to insert the word
" public;" and in hne ten to strike out the words
" and subject to entry," and to insert in lieu
thereof:
Not sold, reserved, or otherwise disposed of, or to which
a piecmption claim or right of homestead settlement has
not attached, and on which a bona fuic settlement and irn-
piovemunt has not been made under coloi of title deuved
from the United States or fiom the State of Iowa.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section four, line
twenty-two, to strike out the words "and the
land grant act of the Legislature of Iowa, giving
said grant to said company."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section four, line
thirty-four, before the word " lands," to insert
the word " public," and in line thirty-five, after
the word " States," to inseit:
Not sold, reserved, or otherwise disposed of, or to which
a preemption right or right of homestead settlement has not
attaeiied, and on which a bona jWc settlement and improve-
ment has not been made under color of title derived from
the United States oi fiom the State of Iowa.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section four, line
forty-eight, to strike out the words " from any
land in the United States not otherwise appropri-
ated."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section four, line
sixty-three, after the word " lands" to insert
"as hereinbefore described."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was m
section four, line seventy, to strike out the words
" when the said company shall complete and
furnish the Secretary of the Interior with satis-
factory evidence that it," and to insert " when
the Governor of the State of Iowa shall certify
to the Secretary of the Interior that said com-
pany."
So that the clause will read:
When the Governor of the State of Iowa shall certify to
the Seeretaiv of the Interior that said company ha* com-
pleted in good running oider a action of twenty consecu-
tive miles of the main hue of said road west of Nevada,
then the Secrctaiy shall convey to said company one third,
and no moie, ot the land's gianted for said connecting
hianeh.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section four, line
eighty-seven, to inseit the following proviso:
Provided, howricr, Th.it no lands chall bo conveyd to
said company on account ot sud connecting bianch road
until the Govemoi ot the State ol Iowa ^hali ccitil} to the
Seciet.uy of the inteiior that the same >ha!i have been
eomph'ti d as a fiist-da^ laihoad. And no land ?>linll be
conve>cd to said company Mtuah and lying within fifteen
trnlc* of the line ot the Mississippi and Mi-sr-ouri railroad:
Proadcd Jinther, That it shall be the duty ot the Secre-
tary of the interim, and he is hen.by required, to reserve a
quantity of land embraced m the grant de^-eiibed in this
section, bufiieient, in the opinion of the Govemoi of Iowa,
to secure r'le cons-truetion of a branch railroad fiom the
town ol' Lvms.mthe State of Iowa, so as to connect with
the mam line in oi west ot the town ol Clinton, in sud
fcjinte, until th"Uo\ entor of -aid State shall certify that said
btaneh railroad i*- completed aerotdmg to the requirement13
of the laws of said State.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment wa^ in section four, line
one hundred and thirteen, to strike out the word
" as" and insert " rights."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to add at the end of
section four the following proviso:
Provided, however, That no lands shall be conveyed to
any company or party whatsoever, under the provisions of
this act and the act amended by this act, which has beea
settled upon and improved in good faith by a bona Jide in-
liabitant.under colorof title derived Trom the United States
or from the State of Iowa adverse to the grant made by
this act or the act to which this act is an amendment."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section five, line
three, after the word " made" to insert the words
" to said company."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert at the end
of section five the following proviso:
Provided, That said transfer and assignment sh^U first
be authorized by the Legislature ofthe State of Iowa.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section seven, line
three, to strike out the word " hereinbefore,"and
after the word "changed" to insert "by this
act," and in line six to insert " and may here-
after be modified;" so thatit will read:
That all of the conditions and limitations contained in
the act to which this act is an amendment, and not ex-
pressly changed by this act, shall attach to and run with
the giants made by this act, except as the said conditions
and limitations have been modified, and may hereafter be
modified, by the General Assembly of the State of Iowa.
The amendment was agreed to. *
The next amendment was in section eight, line
two, to strike outthe words " unless it shall com-
plete" and to insert " until the Governor of the
State of Iowa shall certify to the Secretary of the
Interior that the said company has completed;"
in line seven, after the word " terminus" ta in-
sert " of the completed portion of said railroad;"
and in line eleven, after the word " proof" to in-
sert "as aforesaid;" so that it will read:
That no lands hereby granted shall be cci ufied to either
of said companies until the Govemoi of the State ot Iowa
shall certify to the Secretary of the Interior that the said
company has completed, ready for the rolling stock, within
one year from the l?t day of July next, a section of not
less than twenty miles from the present terminus of the*
completed poition of said lailroad, and in each year there-
after an additional section of twenty miles; but the num-
ber of sections pernule oiigmully authorized shall be cer-
tified to each company upon proof, as aloresaid, of the
completion ofthe additional sections ofthe load as afore-
said.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 should like to ask the
chairman of the committee who reports this bill
for some explanation of it. As I followed the
reading of it, 1 am not sure that I understand it
exactly. I should like to have the chairman of
the committee state the general scope of the hill,
if he will.
Mr. HARLAN. If it becomes a law it will
enable the companies in Iowa to consolidate their
lines, to build one line through instead of various
lines to the western portion of the State. It will
enable all the roads that have heretofore had Jand
grants in Iowa to change the location of the line
of their roads west of the present completed por-
tion of their roads. LTnder the law as it now
stands they can make then-locations within fifteen
miles. This enlarges the limit so that they can
make the locations within twenty miles.
Mr. MORRILL. Does it give an additional
quantity of lands? If so, I should like to inquire
to what extent.
Mr. HARLAN. It proposes to give an addi-
tional quantity of lands, if the lands can be found,
to build a branch road from one of these lines to
the other, so as to facilitate the consolidation of
the work west of the completed portion of the
lines, and also for a few miles on the Missouri
river, to make a connection with the Pacific rail-
road at an important point on the Missouri river.
The distance is perhaps fifteen or twenty miles.
Mr. MORR.ILL. What is the estimated grant
of lands under this bill ?
Mr. HARLAN. We have made no estimate
of the amount of lands in addition to those they
would receive under the law as it now stands, be-
cause the lands have ail been culled over and been
m market for a long time. - Jt is said that on one
of these lines they will receiveaboutsixteenhun-
drcd acres more than they would have received
