1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3301
idea, I should be unwilling to insert in the bill a
limitation positively closing the activity of this
bureau with the war. I think it is too much to
suppose that the exigency out of which it arises
wili have passed over with the war. I think it
may continue longer. With the modification
proposed by my colleague,continuing ittwo years
after tiie war, I should have no hesitation in agree-
ing to the amendment. I hope the Senator from
Pennsylvania will accept that modification.
Mr. BUCKALEW. There is not the slight-
est pretense of power in the Government of the
United States to administer such a system except
in connection with the war, and by virtue of the
power which this Government possesses in its
prosecution. My amendment is to test that most
plain, most evident, most indisputable principle,
about which no member of this Senate can be
ignorant.
Mr. POMEROY. The intention of the com-
mittee, as the chairman will bear witness, was
that this measure should be a temporary one.
It is obvious to every one that we cannot carry
on this system within States in the Union repre-
sented here in Congress. These freedmen are to
be citizens of the States, and when States come
back into the Union we cannot undertake to ex-
ercise control over them. I regard this as a tem-
porary measure that should be dispensed with at
a very early day, within a year or two years
after the restoration of the Union. I am very
clear that it is a system which we should not
undertake to perpetuate at the South when those
States are restored to the Union. I should like
to have a limitation in the bill.
Mr. WILLEY. TheamendmentoftheSenator
from Pennsylvania meets an objection which I
mentioned the other day, a very fundamental ob-
jection, it seemed to me, tosome extent; but I de-
sire to call his attention to the operation of the
amendment, for I think it involves a great princi-
ple. It is not withoutthe range of possibility that
this war may last several years yet. In the pros-
ecution ofititmay be that in the States of Arkan-
sas, Tennessee, and Virginia the rebellion may
be overcome before the war is thoroughly ended
and the rebellion crushed elsewhere; and those
States freed from the power of the rebellion may
one after another be reorganized and come back
to their allegiance and their true position m the
Federal Union. That may be two, three, four
years before the waris ended. When one or two
of these States, or more, as the case may be, shall
have been fully restored to the Union, their State
governments fully reorganized and in operation
nccording to the terms of the amendment as it now
stands, the States thus restored must be subject
to the operation of this law and this system of
machinery until the war is ended everywhere.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I rise to explain. My
amendment relates to the first section of the amend-
ment proposed by the committee, which simply
organizes the bureau. My amendment is that
the duration of the bureau shall be measured by
the war. With reference to discrimination as
between the different States which are now in re-
bellion, that is quite another question.
Mr. WILLEY. What I desired -was to call the
attention of the Senator from Pennsylvania to
that question. I cordially concur in the necessity
of some limitation of time, but 1 think provision
ought to be made to meet the case of States in the
condition I have named.
Mr. BUCKALEW. That is a subsequent
question.
The amendment was agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes 17, noes 9.
Mr. HENDRICIvS. I have one or two amend-
ments which I wish to propose, though I do not
expect to support the measure. I move, in the
seventh line of the first section of the amendment
of the committee, to strike out u §4,000" and in-
sert "$3,000." This I understand to be a bu-
reau officer m the Treasury Department, who is
provided for in this section which proposes to give
him §4,000 salary for a year. I cannot see the
propriety of giving that salary to this bureau
officer, while the same salary is denied" to other
bureau officers. In the Interior Department all
the heads of bureaus get $3,000, except, I be-
lieve, the Commissioner of Patents, and lie is paid
out of a fund which comes from the persons who
are benefited by the operations of that office. The
CommissioneroftheGeneral Land Office, whohus
charge of an immense interest of the country, the
Commissioner of Pensions, who now has charge
of a very large interest, and a growing interest,
affecting a very large portion of the people of the
country, and in the Treasury Department the dif-
ferent Auditors, among whom 1 may mention the
Second and Third Auditors, whose business now
covers millions upon millions every month—these
officers, having charge of the mostimportant ques-
tions of the Government, get a salary of p,000
per year. Here is created in this section an offi-
cer of like rank, with no greater responsibilities,
to say the least, than these other officers have. I
thinka discrimination to the prejudice of the men
who now so acceptably fill the positions of heads of
bureaus should not be made. Therefore I move
to make it $3,000, the ordinary salary of bureau
officers.
Mr. SUMNER. My single objection to it is
this: the hope of those who have taken a part in
bringing this measure forward has been to secure
in this office a first-class man, a person who by
character, by education, and by sympathy would
be the best frlted possible for the responsible du-
ties we are about to impose on him; and on in-
quiry it did not seem to us that we could obtain
such a man, or that we could invite such a man
to enter upon these duties unless we were ready
to offer him the salary specified jn the bill, i
hope the Senate will adhere to the original salary
as proposed by the committee. It seems to me
that in cutting it down, as the Senator from Indi-
ana proposes, they will perhaps make it neces-
sary to take a second-rate man when we wish to
have, if I may say so, a first-rate one.
Mr. HENDRICICS. The Senator says we
should secure a man with proper qualifications.
I admit that. The second point is that he should
be of right sympathies. We know what it costs
to get qualifications. We know that by the sala-
ries paid to the men now at the head of bureaus.
I presume, though I am not acquainted with very
many of them, that they are men qualified for the
high and very responsible duties they discharge.
Three thousand dollars has commanded the proper
ability in the Pension Office, in the Land Office, in
the Second and Third Auditors' offices. So with
the Assistant Secretary of the Interior, the Second
Assistant Secretary of the Treasury, and the As-
sistant Secretary of War, officers that stand next
to the heads of Departments. We are supposed
to have given a salary sufficient to secure high
talent, and these men have to act upon questions
involving hundreds of millions of dollars per an-
num.
How much the sympathy should cost I do not
know. That is a question with which the Senator
from Massachusetts is much more familiar than 1
am. I presume, however, the fact that a man had
a very earnest sympathy in behalf of the popula-
tion that is to be benefited by this measure would
not make him charge more, because he wasgoing
to take an office to benefit them, than if he did not
have that sympathy. So I think the proposition
is not right. I would be in favor, if that were
the pleasure of the Senate, of raising the salaries
of ail the bureau officers, and all the clerks here.
I think it should be done. I am not able to see
how some of them live, at the present enormous
cost of living, on what they get; some get only
$1,200 a year. I do not understand it. But the
Senate has declined upon a square vote to raise
the salaries of the different Assistant Secretaries
and of the heads of bureaus. While the Senate
is taking that position in reference to the interests
of the Treasury, I think we ought not to depart
from it in one single instance and thus make an
invidious discrimination.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator says that we
have adopted a rule not to raise salaries. Weaie
now creating a new office, and the question is
whether we shall not do that justice to this new
officer which the Senator says in his opinion
ought to be done to the old officers. Now, I take
the Senator at his word. Here is no proposition
with rGgard to an old officer; here is a new cre-
ation; and the committee iy fixing the sum at
$4,000 felt that they were doing something to give
the office that solidity of foundation which, con-
sidering its importance, it ought to enjoy. 1 hope
the salary will not be reduced.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HENDRICKS. In the fifth section I .
move to strike out in the fourth and fifth lines the «
words " and all real estate with .the houises there-
on liable to sale or confiscation;" so that the clause
will read:
The assistant commissioners shall have authority, un-
der ihe direction of the Secietary of the Treasury, within
their respective departments, to take possession of ail
abandoned real estate belonging to disloyal peraons, or to
any claim of title by the United Statos, kc.
The first part of this section provides for taking
the possession and control of abandoned real
estate. Whatis an abandoned estate isa matter
of fact that can be judged of only by observation,
and I presume that the commissioners would be
competent to make that observation and decide
the question of fact. But in the fourth and fifth
lines it is provided that these commissioners shall
take possession also of lands and houses liable
to sale or confiscation. I suppose this contem-
plates a liability to sale or confiscation under the
confiscation laws of the United States. What
property is liable to confiscation and sale under
those laws is a judicial question which can be de-
cided only by the courts. I am not able to say
what are the circumstances that must be estab-
lished in proof before lands can be confiscated
during the life of the owner; I should have to turn
to the statutes; but there must have been an act
of rebellion with an intent, and all those circum-
stances must be proved to the satisfaction of a
court before lands can be declared confiscated.
Now, I submit to the Senate that this judicial
question, properly referable to the courts, ought
not to be referred to an assistant commissioner to
be decided by him. He cannot tell by observa-
tion whether lands are liable to confiscation, as
he can tell whether lands have been abandoned.
The one is a matter of observation; the other in-
volves a question of judicial investigation which
these assistant commissioners have no machinery
or opportunity of determining. I think this pro-
vision ought to be stricken out.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the amendment will
not prevail.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not understand the
clause as being of the import ascribed to it by the
Senator from Indiana. 1 understand the real es-
tate referred to here to be real estate which has
been abandoned by the owner, which is left with-
out anybody m possession of it in the name or
on behalf of the owner, property that has been
given up and that has been quitted, left by the
owner.
Mr. COWAN. And "all other real estate."
Mr. HOWARD. I suppose it cannot refer to
any real estate except such as has been abandoned
and given up by the owner. I do not understand
this as authorizing the commissioner to enter
into real estate and take possession of it by the
strong hand and take it from the owner, though
the owner may he a rebel, withoutdue process of
law. I certainly should not think it proper to
give him such power as that, and I do not think,
properly construed, this clause does authorize it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Ifthe Senator from Mich-
igan be right, there is no necessity for these words,
because if the lands be in fact abandoned the first
paragraph will cover the cases that the Senator
admits ought to be provided for; but as the com-
mittee have reported this bill with these two
clauses, the one case is " abandoned real estate,"
the other lands " liable to sale or confiscation."
Now, does theSenateintendto give to these com-
missioners without the opportunity of investiga-
ting the question the power to turn men out of the
possession of their lands, and to take possession
of them simply upon the decision of a commis-
sioner? Whether lands ought to be confiscated
is a question that ought to be tried by the courts,
and not in this irresponsible mode.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to understand
precisely the bearing of the Senator's amendment,
it seems to me that the sentence will not be accu-
rate unless there is another word inserted. As I
understand,the Senator proposes to strike out "all
real estate with the houses thereon liable to sale
or confiscation," so as to make it read, to take
possession of all abandoned real estate belonging
to disloyal persons, or to any ciaun of title by
the United States."
There ought to be words " or subject," so as
to read, " or subject to any claim of title by the
United States." Let that word come in and I
have no objection then, because I think the lan-
guage that remains would be" broad enough to
covcr all practical cases.
