1350
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 80,
that, by general consent, the report be recom-
mitted 'olhe Committee on Naval Affairs.
Air. A100RHE A D. He has been thanked by
the Department in a letter from the Secretary, and
he has been promoted; and the report of the com-
mittee does virtually what the gentleman wished
us to do foimally. We do not think we can do
it formaUy without doing injustice to others, but
this thanks him virtually, and I think the gentle-
man had better accept the report of the commit-
tee.
Mr. HOOPER. I must insist on my motion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will have to ar-
rest this debate. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts yielded only on condition that the reports
made would give rise to no debate. This bill can
be recommitted, or it will come up to-morrow
morning as the unfinished business, but the pend-
ing motion to lay upon the table is not debatable.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. I hope the gentleman
fiom Pennsylvania will withdraw the report and
let it come up at some other time.
Mr. A100RHEAD. Well, i withdraw the
report.
V NATIONAL CURRENCY.
Mr. HOOPER. I now insist on my motion
to go into the Cummittee ofthe Whole on the state
of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended, and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Grande-
gee in the chair,) and resumed the consideration,
as a special order, of the bill (II. R. No. 333) to
provide a national currency secured by a pledge of
United States stocks, and to provide for the cir-
culation and iedenipnon thereof.
The CHAIRMAN stated that whim the com-
mittee rose List evening the twenty-second sec-
tion of the bill whs under consideration.
Air. BROOKS. I move to strike out, in the
fifth and sixth lines, the words " under the direc-
tion of the Secretary of the Treasury," so that
tin' clause will read:
In oidei to furiu>h Mutable notes tor eneulatton, the
Compiiwllrr of the Cuurney its heieby authun/,ed am! ic-
ijiiifi'd to c;ium> [jlnU'M te he eiigtuved, m the ho^-t ni.niri'M
lo guaid aganivt counterfeiting and Irauduient ai?ejation<;.
l\Jr. Chairman, the committee will remember
that m the first section of this hill we struck out
the provision that the Comph oiler of the (hirreney
shaH be appointed by the Piesident on the recom-
mendation of*the ^Secretary of the Treasury. We
struck out the plitnse"on the icoommendation
of the Secretary of the Treasury," and thereby
we agreed, or seemed to a^ree,lhaf tiie President
of the United Stales should be made to have con-
trol of tins subject through Ins agent, (lie Comp-
troller of the Currency. To be congruous and
not incongruous in our action, it is now neces-
sary in ilns section to strike out the words <c un-
der 'he.direction of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury." The principle we started with was that
the Comptroller appointed by the President should
have control of this bureau, if I may so call it —
thi^J agency. 1 repeat, then, that in order to be
consistent with our prior action, wo must follow
it up by striking out these words, leaving this fur-
nishing of suitable notes for circulation altogether
to the Comptioller ofthe Currency.
Permit me to add that this causing of [dates
and dies to be engraved and the printing and cir-
culation of notes"is not a matter which should
belong to the Secretary of the Treasury, but one
that should belong to the Comptroller of the Cur-
rency. 1 ho Secretary of the Treasury has too
much to do already, too much employment. Pic
cannot give sufficient time and attention to the
printing and cu eulation of ttiese notes, and there-
ioi e it should be left exclusively, I think, to the
Comptroller of the Currency.
Gentlemen will bear m mind that some weeks
u«o I called attention to the mode and manner of
printing m this Department and to those who
weie theic employed m printing these circulating
/iotas. 1 had hoped some attention would have
I.>.•('!) paid !<> this matter to winch I called the es-
iw.eial attention of the House, but no such atten-
"lon has been paid to it. Tin; printing of notes
goes on as heretofore; and if some great mishap
does not occur, some public calamity, some great
misfortune, it will be to the credit of tin; Repub-
lican party f can acsuro gentlemen, as a printer
myself, that it is with the greatest difficulty that
we can regulate and control our printing offices
so as to prevent the abstraction of newspapers
worth only three cents apiece, while the tempt-
ation here is vast beyond all calculation.
Let, then, the Comptroller of the Currency,who
has not the issuing of bonds, who has not the
regulation of the tariff, who has not the vast in-
terests of the country under his control, as the
Secretary of the Treasury has, have the direction
of this matter. It should be left as much as pos-
sible to some other person than the Secretary of
the Treasury, and that person, in my judgment,
should be the Comptroller of the Currency.
Mr. GARFIELD. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from New York if he knows of any wrong
that has been committed in this Department, and
if so, what?
I do not profess to understand this matter at all,
but I have become thoroughly tired of these con-
stant insinuations that there is something very
rotten somewhere in the management of the Gov-
ernment. If the gentleman would make some
definite statement which could be metoracknowl-
edo-ed, J would be obliged to him.
Mr. BROOKS. _ Why, Mr. Chairman, I pro-
duced here a public document, on record, from
which 1 showed that the man who has the print-
ing and control ofthe public money was engaged
in a most fraudulent transaction, as reported by a
Republican committee of thisHouseataprevious
(session ofCongress. What could have been moie
definite or more particular? And if the gentleman
now will give mo a committee, 1 will undeitake
fin examination, with associates, that will estab-
lish that fact and much further facts. I make the
charge and 1 ask for a committee; I demand a
committee to investigate this whole subject of
printing the public money, and if the honorable
gentleman will give it me, h^will be answered to
his full satisfaction.
Mr. GARFIELD. I will say, Mr. Speaker 
The CI 1A 111 MAN. The Chair will mfoi m the
gentlciunn fioio Ohio that debate on the pending
amendment is exhausted.
JVh\ GARFIELD. Then T move to amend the
amendment by striking out the last word. I will
say m answer to the gentleman that the document
to which he icier;-, 
Air. ELDIUDGE. I rise to a point of order.
The grntleman fiom Ohio must be restricted to an
argument in favor of striking out the last word.
That was the rule of the Chair yesteulay in regard
to myself.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is not able to
u'-'cei rain, as vet, to what point the gentleman fiom
Ohio in .speaking.
Mr. GAUFIELD. I do rise to have the last
won!. That is the matter I am discussing.
Air. ELDIUDGE. I have no objection to the
gentleman from Ohio making a speech. I only
laised the point of order because the Chair ruled
that upon me yesterday.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will hold the
gentleman fiom Ohio to the same rule as was
imposed yesteiday on the gentleman from In-
diana.
Mr. GAU FIELD. The last word to which I
refer is the woid which the gentleman from New
York [Air. Brooks] has just uttered on this sub-
ject, and I answer him 
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order on
what the gentleman from New York uttered, but
only oil the pending amendment to the amend-
ment.
Air. GARFIELD. I wish then to say that, in
regard to striking out this last word, it can only
be justly stricken out, to show that the amend-
ment which the gentleman himself proposed to
this section is based to a very great extent on the
aigument which the gentleman has referred to,
namely •
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair cannot see the
relevancy of the remarks of the gentleman from
Ohio. The question is on the amendment to the
amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD. I withdraw it.
"The question recurred on Air. Brooks's amend-
ment.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not understand that the
amendment of the gentleman from New York has I
yet been opposed. If not, I will say a word in
opposition to it.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is open on that
amendment.
Air. GARFIELD. I was ruled out on that
point.
Mr. STEVENS. Air. Chairman, if the prop-
osition ofthe gentleman from New York 
Mr. GARFIELD. If the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania will allow me, I wish to say that I was
i;uled down in an attempt 4o speak on that same
point on which the gentleman from Pennsylvania
is declared to be in order.
The CHAIRMAN. Thegentleman from Ohio
proposed an amendment to the amendment.
Air. GARFIELD. Not until after I was ruled
down. I rose to speak in opposition to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from New York, and was
told by the Chair that it was out of order to say
anything further on that question. Then I offered
an amendment and was ruled out again.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understood
that after the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Brooks] proposed his amendment thegentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] rose and submitted
some remarks in the nature of a question, and
finally proposed an amendment of his own to the
amendment. The point of order being raised,
the Chair held that the gentleman from Ohio
should confine his remarks strictly to the amend-
ment to the amendment, which was on striking
out the last word.
Mr. GARFIELD. The Chair distinctly an-
nounced that debate on the amendment of the
gentlemen from New York was exhausted.
Air. ELDRIDGE. I think the Chair is mis-
taken. I made the point of order myself.
The CHAIRMAN. Thegentleman from Penn-
sylvania claims the floor and is entitled to it.
Air. STEVENS. Air. Chairman, the motion
of the gentleman from New Yoik involves the
supposition that the Comptrollerslnp of the Cur-
rency is a sepniate Department, for his object is
to take from the Secretary of the Tieasury all con-
trol of it. Now, the whole bill goes upon the sup-
position that the Comptiollership is a part of the
Treasury Department. The very first section of
the bill which we have already passed, says:
The chief officer of the said bureau shall hp denominated
the Comptroller of the Cuiifiiicy, and shall he under the
genera! direction ot the Seeretaiy ot the Ti< asuiy.
Air. BROOKS. The committee has struck that
out.
All. STEVEN'S. No, sir.
Air. BROOKS. I appeal to the Chair.
Air. STEVENS. We only struck out that
part of the section that interferes with the ap-
pointment of this officer, requiring him to be ap-
pointed on the nomination of the Secretary of the
Treasury.
Mr. HllOOKS. Does the gentleman refer to
the ninth and tenth lines?
Air. STEVEXS. I refer to the fiist section,
from the seventh to the tenth lines:
The chief oi]'iC< r of the said bureau,-hall he denominated
the (.'ompiioilcr ofthe Uuuency, and t-lia!l h  uridur tin;
policial direction of the Secretary of the TieaMiry.
Mr. BROOKS. Am I notcorrect in saying that
in the eleventh line wo struck out the words "on
the recommendation ol the Secretary of the T rcas-
ury ?"
Air. STEVENS. Yes, sir; butbefoic thatitis
provided that this bureau shall be under the di-
rection of the Secretary of the Treasury. We
struck out only that which seemed to dictate to
the President how he should make his appoint-
ments. Unless you mean to make this a separate
Department you ought not to adopt the amend-
ment of the gentleman from New York. But I
see no occasion for taking it away from the di-
rection of the Secretary of the Treasury. I be-
lieve there has been no honest or intelligent man
m this House who has charged the Secretary of
the Tieasury with corruption or short-comings.
It seems to mo since the days of Alexander Llam-
ilton no ablei and no purer man has filled that office
than'the present incumbent. I have done, espe-
cially as I see that my time is out. [Laughtci.]
The amendment was rejected.
Air. PIKE. I move to strike out the woids
"one dollar, two dollar*, three do'iais, five dol-
lars, ten dollars, twenty dollars." This b;il pio-
posesan addition to our cttx ruiev, or rather it eon-
templates the addition of £300,000,000. The
question for us to decide is whether that addi-
