2326
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18,
under the law as it stood before. On the other
lines I think they will receive more, and 1 think
they will receive more than that on that line; but
the lands are all the refuse lands that have been
culled over and have been left.
Mr. GRIMES. I will state to the Senator from
Maine that there are but six hundred and six
thousand acrcs of public land unsold in the whole
State of Iowa—enough for a good-sized farm.
Mr. HARLAN. I ought to observe, I think,
that this bill will not increase the number of acres
that the roada will receive beyond that granted
by the law as it now stands, except on these two
Bhort lines of branch roads.
Mr. MORRILL. That was my inquiry. On
page 4, section four, of the bill, it reads near the
close:
For the purpose of facilitating the more immediate con-
struction of a line of railroads across the State of Iowa,
to connect with the iovva branch of the Union Pacific Rail-
road Company aforesaid, the said Cedar Rapids and Mis-
souri River Railroad Company is heieby authorized to con-
nect its line by branch with the line of the Mississippi and
Missouri Railroad Company.
Mr. HARLAN. I will explain on that point.
One of those roads runs through one tier of coun-
ties east and west through the State, and the other
runs through the adjoining tier of counties. The
counties in Iowa are usually about twenty-iive
mites across, so that that branch road will proba-
bly be about twenty-five nules, perhaps slightly
less or slightly more.
Mr, MORRILL. The inquiry I wish to make
is this, whether the Cedar Rapids and Missouri
River Railroad Company is a company located
in Iowa entirely.
Mr. HARLAN. Entirely.
Mr. MORRILL. Then as to the Mississippi
and Missouri Railroad Company, is that a com-
pany in Iowa or Missouri?
Mr. HARLAN. Ail these companies are in
Iowa. The whole grant is made in Iowa; not an
acre outside of the State.
Mr. MORRILL. My inquiry is whether the
railroad with which you propose to connect the
Cedar Rapids and Missouri Railioud Company—
for it is " hereby authorized to connect its line
with the branch of the line of (he Mississippi and
Missouri Railroad Company"—is an Iowa road.
Mr. HARLAN. Roth are in Iowa.
Mr. MORRILL. My inquiry arose from a
supposition that the whole load was in the State
of Missouri.
Mr. HARLAN. No; neither of these lines is
in the State of Missoui i. Neither of the branch
roads contemplated is m Missouii.
The amendments made as in Committee of the
Whole were eonrurred in. The amendments were
ordered to be engrossed and the hill to be read a
third time. The bill was read the third time, und
passed.
UOUSK BILL KKIfJKKRKD.
The bill from the House of Representatives
(No. 47*1) to amend an act relative to the public,
printing was read twice by us title, and referred
to the Committee on Piintmg.
PUBLIC PJUNTING.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senate
will resume the order of the day, being Senate bill
No. 265, to expedite and regulate the printing ot
public documents, und for other purposes.
Mr. HENDERSON. 1 move to pass by (he
order tempoiaiily m ouler (hat a toaoliMiou 1 in-
tioducod ye^teulay mot mug calling lot informa-
tion may be taken up.
Mr. ANTHONY. I piesmne this bill will not
occupy fifteen minutes. I prefer that we shall ^o
on with it; we have got neaily through with it.
What is ihe pending amendment ?
The PRESIDENI ' protemporc. The question
pending is on the amendment of the Committee on
Printing as amend* d, as a .substitute for (he lull.
Mr. ANTHONY. To meet the o bjection i ai.->ed
by the Senator from New Hampshire, 1 will
modify the amendment, wit h the assent of the Sen-
ate, so that the hrstseetion of the substitute shall
read as follows:
fit at heicatiei, m-tcad of furnishing manu-enpt copies
of the documents usually aecouipon) mg iheir annual te-
poits fneneb li"ii-<- „f Congou, Hie heads ot the stver.il
Department* of Government -hall ttan-init them on oi he-
fore the 1st day ot \oveuibei ui each year to the Superin-
tendent uf Public Punting, who -hall'eau-u to be puut<jd
th" ii-unl ntimbet, and m addition thereto one thou-and
eopio f>>r lite tir>e of the Senate and iwo ilum-and for the
Uoe oi tiie Ilouoo ot Kcpie-.entatnes , and that it shall be
the duty of the Joint Committee on Printing to appoint some
competent p'-r-on who shall edit and '-elect such portions
of the documents so placed in their hands as shall in the
judgment of the committee be desirable for popular distri-
bution, and to ptep.ue an alphabetical index to the same.
Mr. HALE. I want to ask the Senator from
Rhode Island if that obviates the difficulty in re-
gard to every other year. There can be no Joint
Committee on Printing existing on the 1st day or
November in each alternate year. How does he
propose to dispose of it, say after the 4th of March
next? From the 4th of March next until the 1st
of December following, there will be no Joint Com-
mittee on Printing, and cannot be.
Mr. ANTHONY. The documents are to be
given to the Superintendent of Public Printing,
who is to piint the usual number of the documents
in full. Then the Joint Committee on Printing
are to appoint some suitable person to edit an
abridgment in a single volume for popular distri-
bution. It is not necessary that that should be
done before the 1st of December, when Congress
meets, because the type will be standing which
has been used to print the documents in full, and
the committee can then designate such portion of
them as they think ought to be selected for popu-
lar distribution.
Mr. HALE. Does not the bill as it now stands
require the Joint Committee on Printing to ap-
point a person to edit this first volume?
Mr. ANTHONY. That person will be ap-
pointed permanently. It is not necessary that he
shall be appointed every year. That person will
be appointed and retain his position until some
one else is put in his place, the same as all the
officers of the Senate.
Mr. HALE. It seems to me still that there
should be some regulation made for his compen-
sation if he is to be a permanent officer. I do not
exactly like the idea of putting ourselves in the
guai diaubhip of one single individual, and leav-
ing it to his discretion to say what document
shall be printed and what shall not.
Mr. ANTHONY. The bill does not do so.
The Joint Committee on Punting select the doc-
uments that are to be selected, but some person
must prepare an alphabetical index. Of course
the committee cannot do that.
Mr. HALE. Then it comes back to the same
difficulty. The Joint Committee on Printing do
not exist every alternate year.
Mr. ANTHONY. It is not necessary to make
the selection until the 1st of December. The docu-
ments will be £ivcn to the Superintendent of Public
Printing in November; they will be in the piocoss
of punting when we meet; and then the Joint
Committee on Printing will select those portions
which are to be for popular distribution. The
only object js to save the expense of publishing
a lai^e amount of useless matter, and to prepaie
an index. The cost of that wilt be vet y small
indeed. The committee did not think it proper
to fix the compensation, for we hardly know what
it will be, but it will be very small, a few hun-
dred dollais perhaps.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
The amendment of the Committee on Printing
as amended was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
Mi. COLLAMER. I de.siie to have the bill
r< ad on its third reading, that we may see how it
now stands. It seeros to me the gentleman has
baidly i^nt it in a practical shape.
The I1 ii ESI I) KNTpro tempore. The third read-
ing of the bill will be at huge.
The bid received its thud reading at length,
as follows:
Be it ourtlcd, $c , That hereafter, instead of furm-hmg
manuscupr copies of the document- usinllv accompanying ! j
then mnual tepoit-, to each llou-e ot Congie-.-, the heads ''
<>l ihe m.'\rial Department- oi Government shall tianstmt
them, on oi befoie (in- 1st d iy ot November in each veai,
to the Snp< imtuiduit ot Public Printing, who shall easi.-e
lo be punted the u-ual nutnbei, and in addition theieto
one thon-and eopic- for the u-e ot the Senate and two
thousand < opie- lot the u-e oi the Jlonse of Kepicsenta-
tiver-; and that it -luill be the dut\ ot the Joint Committee
on Priming to appoint some competent pei-on, who shall
<dit and -elect such portions ot the documents so placed
m their hands- re- shall, m the judgment ol the committee,
he desirable for popular di-mhutinn, and to prepaie an
alphahctic.il nniev to ihe same.
Si- e. 'J. And be it further enacted, That the Secretary of
War be, and lie i •> In ieb/, authorised lo appoint some com-
pi tent perron to edit the punting of the otheial leports of
the opeiatiuiio ol tin. aunic.- ol tiie United buteo.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That it shall lie the
duty of the heads of the .several Derailment's of Govern-
ment to furnish the Superintendent of Public Printing with
copies of their respective leports, on or befoie the third
Monday iu November in eacii year.
 -fc. 4. Jind he it further 'enacted, That it shall be the
duty of the Superintendent of Public Printing to print the
President's message, the repoits ot the heads of Depart-
ments, and the abridgment of accompanying documents
prepared under the direction of the Joint Committee on
Public Printing suitably bound; aud that, in addition to
the number now required by law, and unless otherwise
ordered by either House of Congress, it shall be his duty
to print ten thousand copies of the same for the use of the
Senate and twenty-five thousand copies for the use of the
House, and to deliver the same to the proper officer of each
House, respectively, on or befoie the third Wednesday in
December following tfie assembling of Congress, or as soon
thereafter as practicable. And furthei, it shall abo be the
duty of the said Supeiintendent to cause to be printed and
stitched in paper coveis twenty-five hundred copies of the
annual reports of the Executive Depaitments for the use of
said Departments, respectively, and also one thousand
cftpies of the lepoits of the Commissioner of the General
Land Office, Commissioner of Pensions, Commissioner of
the Internal Revenue, and such number of the repoitof the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, to be bound, not exceed-
ing three thousand copies, as may be dnccted by the Sec-
retaiy of the interior, for their u c, respectively; and also
five bundled copies of the reports of the superintendent of
the Washington aqueduct, architect of the Capitol exten-
sion, Metiopohtan Police Board, Third Auditoi of the
Tieasury, and of the insane Asylum, Columbia institute,
and Commissioner of Public Puddings, respectively, tor
their use, and one hundred copies of the report of the Bu-
reau ofEngmeers, for the use of said bureau. And he shall
not print any gieater number of said repoits unless other-
wise directed by either House of Congress.
Sec. 5. And be H further cnacted, That seven thousand
copies of the Commercial Relations, annually prepared
under the direction of the Secretary of State, be printed and
distnbuted as folhnvs.viz : the usual number (onethousand
five hundred and fifty) for the Houses of Congie«s; four
bundled and fifty fot the State Dep.utment; two thousand
for the u-c of the members of the Senate ; and three thou-
sand for the use ol members of the House.
Skc.6. And be it fuitkcr cnacted, That (he annual report
of the Postmaster General of offers received and contoicts
for conveying the mails, in compliance with the twenty-
fomth and twenty-fifth sections ot the act of Congress ap-
pioved July 2, 18*3(5, be no longer punted, unless specially
oideied by eithei ilou-e ofCongress ; and thsitsueh portion
of the above-mentioned act as authorized the said publica-
ation be, and (he same is heieby, repealed.
Sec. 7. And be it further cnaclcd, That fiom and after the
pa-sage of this act it shall be tiie duty of the Secretary ot"
the Senate to ftnnisluhe Superintendetitof Public Printing
wiih correct copies ot all Jaws andjoint resolutions as soon
as possible aftei their appioval*by the President of the
Untied States, and that the Superintendent shall imme-
diately cause to be printed separately the usual nutnbei tor
tiie Use of tiie two Houses of Congress; and, in addition
thereto, he shall cause to be printed and bound, at the close
ot each session of Congress, three thousand copies thereof
fot the use of the Senate and ten thousand copies lor the
use ot the House, with a complete alphabetical index, pre-
pared under the direction of the Joint Committee on Pub-
lic Punting.
Si.c. 8. And be it fwither cnaclcd, That section seven of
the joint res.oluiion in tclation to the public printing, ap -
proved June 23, J8(30, be so amended as to require the Su-
peiiiitemient of Public Printing to adveitir-e only in two
newspapers published m the cities of New Yoik, Cincin-
nati, l>o-ton, Philadelphia, and Baltimoie, lot Unity days
piior to the 1st day of November ot each year, for propo-
sals loi furnishing die paper necessary tor the execution ot'
the public printing.
Sec. 0. And be it fiuthcr enacted, That all lithographing
and enslaving, vvhci e the probable total cost of the maps or
plates illu-ttating or accompanying anyone woik exceeds
<•.2 jOj shall be aw.uded to the lowe.-t and best bidder for Uih
liiteiests of the Government, due regmd being paid to the
execution of the work, alter due advertisement by the Su-
pfMlUfendcnt of Public Punting, undui diiretion of tin?
Joint Committee on Printing: Provided, That the Joint
Committee on Public Punting be authorized to euipnwer
the Supeiintendent ol Public Punting to make immediate
contracts foi engiavnig whenever, in fheii opinion, the ex-
igencies ot the public .-eivice will not justify waiting for
adveiti-ement and avvatd.
Slc.IU. And be it jui I her enactcd, That whem:v< r any
peit,on may desire extt.i copies ot any document printed at
Htc Government punting "like, b> authouty of law, and
-hall notify lite Supeiintendent of Public Printing or the
number ol eopic.s de-orcd previous to U- being put to pie^s,
and .-hall pay, in advance, the estimated eo-t theieof to
s.sid Superintendent, the Supeimteudenl tuall be auihot
i/.i d, under the diieelion ot the Joint Commute*, on I'uUltc
Pitnfmg, to futuish such e.\tia copie- ; and tiie money so
iceeived, together with moneys ieee ved by htm fiont the
sales ot paper shavings and nnpeitcciions, shall be depos-
ited m the Tren-uiv of tl.e t.'mted States to the eiedit of
the appiopuatiotis toi public punting, binding, and paper,
respectively, as de-ignaJ-'d by said Superintendent; and
linrht r, the Sec reuuy ol the Tie isutv is here bj dnccted to
can-clue money* hertfofoie deposited by-aid Superin-
tendent in the Tteasuty of the touted States, being tilo
proceeds of -ales ot paper shavings and imperfections, to
be placed To the ciedit of the apptopuauons aiuie-Hid,
winch said sevei.il -tuns of money shall bo sublet to fhe
requisition of said Superintendent :n the manuei nowpie-
sciibed by law.
Skc. 11. And he if. furl her enactcd, That whenever papers
relating to foreign affairs shall be communicated to Con-
gie-s accompanying Ihe annual riKs-age ot the President,
if dial! be the duty of ihe Supciiii ten dent of Public Puni-
tng to cause to be printed and bound, in :;dd non to the
usual number, tour thousand eopiec loi the u^e ot the mem-
