SE02
THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBE.
June 27,
Say " belonging to the United
Add the word "subject"
Mr. COWAN.
States."
Mr. SUMNER.
after " or."
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am afraid that would
be rather broad. What I want to avoid is this:
I do not think the commissioners, not acting un-
der any judgment of a court, ought to be author-
ized to enforce a claim of the United States and
take possession from the occupant. If the claim
of the United States has been established by ju-
dicial proceedings, such as would be required, I
should have no objection; but this is conferring
judicial as well as executive power upon the com-
missioner. Suppose that the land is in the pos-
session of the former owner, and the Government
asserts some claim to it, would it be the pleasure
of the Senator from Massachusetts to conferupon
the commissioner, upon his own investigation of
the subject, the power to turn a party out of pos-
session withouta judicial proceeding and investi-
gation ? 1 should be afraid that the word would
be too comprehensive; indeed, I think the whole
of that where it rests merely on a claim ought to
be left to be enforced like other claims of the
Government.
Mr. SUMNER. The obvious purpose of this
language was to meet a class of cases where the
real estate with the houses thereon were openly
and clearly liable to sale or confiscation; in the
first pluce for the non-payment of taxes, and in
the next place because the owner was a rebel.
That was the object of the language, and I think
if the Senator bears that in mind the language will
not be obnoxious to his criticism: "all real es-
tate with the houses thereon liable to sale or con-
fiscation or to any claim of title by the United
States."
Mr. HENDRICKS. Let me ask the Senator
if these words would be satisfactory to him: " to
take possession of all abandoned real estate."
Mr. SUMNER. "All abandoned real estate
belonging to disloyal persons."
Mr. HENDRICKS. "And all estates to which
the United States have title." Then that would
give them the control of the Government prop-
erty; that would obviate what I think is a very
serious objection to the present language of the
bill.
Mr. SUMNER. Still the Senator leaves out
two operative words there," ^ale or confiscation."
I should like to have those words remain in some
way.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Now, I will read the
amendment as I propose. I propose to strike out
the words an I did before in the fourth and fifth
lines, " and all real estatewith the houses thereon
liable to sale or confiscation or to any claim of
title by the United States," and insert "estates
to which the United States have title."
Mr. SUMN ER. It would be better to prenerve
the first part of the sentence, and then say " and
all other estate, with the houses thereon, to which
the United States, for non-payment of taxes or
confiscation, have title."
Mr. HOWE. I desire to suggest to the Sen-
ator fiom Massachusetts that it"seems to me he
does not want to include in this clause estates
liable to Rule for non-payment of taxes, because
it strikes me that must create a conflict of juris-
diction between the tax commissioners and the
officers to he appointed under this law.
Mr. SUMNER. But the Senator understands
the tax commissioners report at the Treasury
Department.
Mr. HOWE. They report to the Treasury
Department, but the law under which they act
directs them in the case of non-payment of taxes
to sell the property, and if they sell the property
somebody purchases it, and the purchaser will
be entitled to possession. This law directs the
Commissioner appointed under this act to take
possession and lease it. Thus the lessee of this
Commissioner and the purchaser under the law
for the collection of taxes would be litigant claim-
ants to the same estate. I think we should not j
interfere with the operation of that law.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask that my amend- I
merit be reported as modified,
The Secretary read, as follows:
In lines four and five of section five strike out "and all
real estate, with the houses thereon, liable to hale uj
lisration, m* to any claim of title of flu1 United and
to insert vlo«id estates to winch the United States have
title, and estates of which the United States have posses-
sion."
Mr. SUMNER. 1 would suggest to allow the
first part to stand, and then say "and all estates,
with the houses thereon, to which the United
States havetitle." That substantially adopts the
idea.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Yes; and I have added,
"and estates of which the United States have
possession."
Mr. SUMNER. Very well.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Anthony
in the chair.) The question is on the amendment
of the Senator from Indiana.
Mr. SUMNER. I think the Senator had bet-
ter leave the language of the bill, " all real estate
with the houses thereon," so that there shall be
no question about the houses.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I have no objection to
that; but I would not want to be the author of that
language, because houses are part of the real es-
tate; I would notlike to use language that was not
exactly professional myself. If the Senator de-
sires to put that m, I have no objection; but let it
be on his own motion.
Mr. SUMNER. Then say "all real estate to
which the United States have title, or of which thoy
have possession,"
Mr. HENDRICKS. That is substantially
what it is.
Mr. SUMNER. But there may be some real
estate where thry are out of possession.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then if they have title
the Commissioner will take possession.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; then it should be
" or," and not " and;" " all real estate to whu'h
the United States have title, or of which they may
be in possession."
Mr. HENDRICKS. Very well, put it in that
shape; 1 have noohjoction.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POWELL. I move to strike out in the
third line of the fifth section the words " all aban-
doned leal estate," and leave the words that have
just been put in.
Mr. SUMNER. The language here is, "all
abandoned real estate belonging to disloyal per-
sons."
Mr. POWELL. I do not think the words
"abandoned real estate" ought to remain in the
bill, because it will be impossible for these com-
missioners to determine or adjudicate to whom an
abandoned estate does belong. They cannot de-
cide whether the owner is loyal or disloyal. There
mo thousands of abandoned estates in that region
of country that belong to loyal men. These com-
missioners are not the proper tribunal to decide
whether thoy are loyal or disloyal. Thej>' could
go there under this bill and take possession of the
estate of any individual if they found it aban-
doned . They are not the proper tribunal to try the
question of loyalty. That matter must be sub-
mitted to the courts. There is no mode ormeans
pointed out in the bill by which the commission-
ers are to adjudicate the question. They go there
and they see a farm, for instance, that has no oc-
cupant upon it, and they seize it and call it " an
abandoned estate belonging to a disloyal man."
I think the question of loyalty should be settled
by some judicial finding, particularly before you
seize property. In the confiscation bill passed
some time ago you authorized the Piesident to
have property seized and taken by an action in
rem and sold for the benefit of the Government,
and the money to go into the Treasury where the
property belonged to disloyal persons. You will
see at once the confusion that will arise from the
conflict of these laws. This bill allows the com-
missioners when they go down there to take pos-
session of a farm which they find without any-
body upon it. They are to institute no inquiry
as to whether it belongs to a loyal person or not.
Really, the bill makes them a kind of grabbers,
a kind of land-sharks and land-pirates, to go
through the country and where they find a farm
or house unoccupied to seize upon it. You au-
thorize them by law*to go and commit a trespass
on the rights of every citizen that is notin actual
possession of his estate. The Senatdr certainly
has not looked to the broad power that he is con-
ferring here. Thousands of loyal men in the
southern country have gone off and left their
t farms unoccupied; and you, by your law, vest a
I commissioner with power to go and seize that
property, provided, in his opinion, he thinks it
belongs to a disloyal man. 1 hope the provision
will be stricken out.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 hope the words will not be
stricken out. If they are stricken out there will be
very little in the way of land for the commissioners
to occupy themselves with. We have already
introduced into the bill the limitation moved by
the Senator from Pennsylvania confining the bill
to the duiation of the war. 1 have said again
and again that it is a transition measure. It par-
takes, therefore, of the incidents of the time. It
is not a permanent measure. If it were so, the
criticism of the Senator from Kentucky would
be perfectly in place; but as it is for the war, as
it is temporary in character, as it is to meet the
precise exigencies of the hour, the criticism of
the Senator, permit me to say, is entirely out of
place. Still further, in point of fact, during the
last year the Secretary of the Treasury, under
an order from the War Department, has been
taking possession of all the abandoned planta-
tions of disloyal persons wherever our armies
have gone; and the object of this section was sim-
ply to reduce to the form of a statute that order from
the War Department under which the Secretary of
theTreasury formorethana year has been acting.
If you take from the Secretary that power you
leave little or nothing for the agents there to do.
Why, sir, the vast proportion of all this land is
abandoned, and has in time past belonged to dis-
loyal persons. Thcie must be discretion lodged
somewhere. In this case it is under the supervis-
ion ofa Commissioner who hiinselfis under the su-
pervision of the Secretary of the Treasury. The
discretion is as well guarded as it can be, and jt
is a discretion which it seems to me is essential
to carry out the purpose of the bill.
Mr. POWELL. The Senator srtys it is a part of
theexigencics of the time to clothe these commis-
sioners with power to go and seize property that
belongs to loyal men. I know that that has been
the practice to some extent, and it is being prac-
ticed m my State now. The Senator says the
Secretary of the Treasury has issued an order to
have his agents take possession of abandoned es-
tates throughout the South. If he has issued any
such oider it is void for want of legal authuriiy.
Mr. SUMNER. It is a military order.
Mr. POWELL. I do not care whether ir. is a
military oracivil order. Because a man is clothed
with military authority that is no leason why he
should be clothed with the power ofa robber to
take the property of a loyal man. A militaiy
man can be a rogue as well as a civilian, as we
unfortunately know in these times. Theie is a
law on the statute-book passed by Congress, a
law the passage of which i opposed with all the
power I couid command, your confiscation law,
which requires the Presidentto have the lands of
disloyal men taken by a proceeding hi rem and
disposed of for the benefit of the United States,
the money to go into the Treasury; and if the
Secretary of War or the Secretary of the Treas-
ury or both of them have undertaken to make
other appropriations of such property, they have
not only acted in violation of the law but tran-
scended any powers they have under any law uf
the land.
The amendment that I propose, should be adopt-
ed. Has the Senator put in his bill any provis-
ion that if the abandoned estate of a loyal man
is taken possession of, the Government shall pay
him rentforit? None. In my opinion the whole
scheme is inaugurating robbery. It should not
be passed. Ceitainly all possible safeguaids
should be put in it. You appoint a Commissioner
under this bill with a large salary and he goes
down South and seizes abandoned estates. There
are hundreds and thousands of men now at the
North, loyal men who have fled from their planta-
tions in the South, indeed, their very loyalty
has driven them from them. Their property may
be taken possession of under this bill without the
consent of the owner. The man who does it is
a trespasser. It ought not to be allowed. You
should have some judicial investigation to find
out whether the owner of the property is loyal or
disloyal. Do not send your commissioners there
with wholesale power to jump upon and take
possession of everything they may find when the
owner is not upon it. Youmightas wel! appoint
a commissioner to go through the country and
take possession of "every abandoned horse or
