THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN 0. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. G.
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, JANUARY 26, 3864.
New Series No. 2G.
pression of speculative New England and the At-
lantic seaboard will alienate the affections of that
important portion ofour Republic. Wehavefur-
nished soldiers and generals who have won your
and our victories and given an honorable fame to
the ai ms of the Republic, and I hope will do so.
Do not, then, treat us as hewers of wood and
drawers of water for millionaires and speculators
of the Atlantic seaboard. We have no heavy
Army contracts or ill-gotten gains out of which to
contribute, but every centpaid is the fruit of rural
industry Then at least regulate our burdens
equally with tin1 speculator and the shoddy con-
tractor of New England. This we think is a
moderate request.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Chairman, when it be-
comes necessary for me, in order to maintain my
position in this House and to secure support at
home, to encourage any kind of jealousy between
one part of the country and another, then I shall
consider it my duty to resign. [Cries of"Good!"]
I happen to represent an agricultural State as
much as any of the Northwest. I say that agri-
culturists are not at all charged, either in this or
in any other bill, with internal taxation. They
are not touched duectly or remotely. They are
as consumers taxed the same as any other con-
sumers of the country, and no more. If the gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Voohhees] had been
truly informed of the facts upon the subject, I
presume that he would not have given utterance
to some of the statements which he made. Manu-
facturers have not in all cases been able to in-
crease their prices in proportion to the tax. In
many instances it is far otherwise.
But 1 say to him and to the House, if it had
not beer, foi the inflation of the currency, many
of the manufacturers of tins country would at this
moment have been utterly prostrated. I suppose
it would be wise for this House to encourage ex-
ports to the utmost extent of our ability. I be-
lieve the people of this country are now indul-
ging in very extravagant habits in relation to the
consumption of our own manufactures and those
from abroad. I believe, also, itis for the interest
of the Union that we should keep those men who
are at home, and not engaged in actual warfare,
employed, and profitably employed, so that they
can pay the taxes we aie compelled at this time
to levy upon them; and there is no other way for
us to do than to keep every machine and every
hand in the country in operation.
If we shall take the course which seems tc be
indicated by the speeches last delivered upon the
opposite side of the House, to encourage n system
of jealousy of one patt of the Union against the
other, I can easily foresee there will be some dif-
ficulty in putting down this rebellion, and that the
war will last some considerable time longer than
has been hitherto estimated. Rut, for one, I en-
tertain no such feeling, and the State I lepresent,
being an agricultural State, and having no larger
interest m manufactuios than Illinois and some
other western States, possibly not so large, has
no such feeling. We believe it is for our interest
to create a market for our agricnltuial products,
to consume our raw materials at home, and give
employment to our own people rather than those
from abroad.
If gentlemen will examine the facts, they will
find that in flu- West a large and increasing amount
of capital is being invested in manufactures; and I
foresee ere Ions: that such a State as Illinois and
other western States will bt come the seat of large
and profitable manufactures, more profitable than
they now are m New England. The people who
are manufactm tng in New England will have to re-
move their establishments to places where they
can obtain coal with which to obtain a cheaper
motive power than they can have where they are
now located. The gentlemen who are engaging
in this system of creating sectional jealousy upon
this subject will find ere long that they are fight-
ing against their own people.
[Here the hammer tell ]
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
20
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out the last three words,
and I do so for the purpose of replying to the re-
marks more pnrticulai ly of the gentleman from
Vermont, [Mr. Morrill.] I am in favor, since
this system of taxation has been resorted to for the
purpose of raising a revenue to support the Gov-
ernment, of making it operate as equally upon all
classes of men in every State as possible; and while
gentlemen upon the other side insist thatthe prod-
ucts of Illinois shall be taxed threefold their real
value, I insist that the products in the hands of
New England manufactureis shall bear their pro-
portion of the burdens of taxation. That they
have not heretofore done so, that they do not do
so now, or that they will not do so under this
proposition, is too clcar for any man to doubt.
The manufacturers of New England are growing
rich; they boast of the prosperity of their people.
I would to God the agricultural interests of the
West could thus boast. While they have been
able upon their products to realize, within the last
two years more than three hundred per cent, upon
their goods than they did four yeais ago, we in
the West are selling them our wheat at a dollar
a bushel,and our beef at le«s pricc than we'received
three years ago; and that, too, in a depreciated
currency. Three years ago a bushel of wheat in
the market would purchase ten yards of common
domestics of New England manufacture. To-day
it will purchase but two. We are therefoie pay-
ing an indirect tax unprecedented in the history
of the country; and we are paying that bonus to
New England manufacturers and the Govern-
ment together. While they can sell to the oper-
atives in their establishments any amount of man-
ufactuied articles fiee of tax, they pay no revenue
to the Government, except three per cent, on what
they sell to us, they never fail to charge that ad-
ditional three per cent, upon the article they fur-
nish us. It is giving to them, sir, an advantage
over what the consumers of the West enjoy. It
is unjust; and I tel! the gentleman irom Veimont
that, notwithstanding!) is constituents, agricultural
as they are, protected by the tariff upon wool, may
be satisfied with tins cundition of things, the peo-
ple of the Northwest are not satisfied with it, and
will not be satisfied. I have no more to say.
Air. DAWES. I merely wish to sav a single
wotd in reply to the gentleman from Illinois. I
do not desire to enter into thatstram of argument
in which, he and the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Vooriieks] have indulged. 1 am not going to
reciprocate that kind of feeling in which they
seem to indulge. I wish, however, to correct
some of their statements. Before I do that, I am
curious to mquireof my friend from Indiana [Mr.
VooRHCEsj who fast spoke, how lie pioposes to
raise sufficient levenuo to carry on the expendi-
tures of this Govei nment? He is tor free trade.
He is against all internal taxation. He has done
himself the honor to vote against every measure
for that pmpose that has ever been introduced into
this Hons'. I know of no mea>urc tending to
supply theTreasury even for its cunent expendi-
tures ihat everhud the suppoit of my friend from
Indiana, except the motion to repent the present
tariff and substitute for it that of Ikift. He is op-
posed alike to imposts and tn internal taxation;
but he is constant and consistenton e\ery oppor-
tunity in inveighing against New England, and
in attempting to show to the country that his part
of the Union lias to bear burdens for the benefit
of New England. The gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. J. 0. Ai.lex] follows in the same strain. I
ask them if they want a real estate tax, and why
it is, if they are disposed to impose this tax
equally upon all the interests and all the capital,
that, with a very large roajoiity m thi^ House,
they do not impose this tax upon rial estate? 1
ask them if they are willing to state here that
New England interests have profited more, and
that New England has profited more than theical
estate of the great Noithwest? Has it not risen
in value' Has it not risen millions where the
property of New England has risen thousands?
Do the gentlemen think that there are no consum-
ers of the products of New England but in the
Northwest? Does not New England supply her-
self as well as the Northwest? Does not the cap-
italist of New England or the manufacturer of
New England, besides paying three per cent, on
all Iffs products, also pay his three and five per
cent, upon his income? And does not my friend
from the West know that whatever tax is put
upon those products of his that he is complaining
of atthis time, he gets it back justas wegetback
ours? He complains of the tax upon whisky.
Well, those at the East who use his whisky have
to pay that tax back, just precisely the same as
they of the West pay back whatever tax is im-
posed upon our cotton and woolen fabrics, ft
equalizes itself upon all productions. The gen-
tleman has the market of the world, and he has
the capital of New England to bring the market
of the world to his own door. He takes our cap-
ital out into the western country, and he brings
by that process his rich valleys and prairesto the
market of the world, and they rise in value; and
his region of country rises in prosperity and in
population beyond all calculation. And why do
not we of the Northeast, struggling against climate
and soil, and under every natural difficulty that
can be imposed upon us, why do not we complain
of that prosperity ? Have we treated them with
an illiberal han,d? Has the capital of New Eng-
land been turned away from them? Has the sup-
port of New England to the measures of internal
improvement been withheld? Has there been
anything to justify an attack upon his part upon
the industry, the capital, or the votes of New
England here in this House in their treatment of
the Northwest? Nothing, whatever. Itis gratui-
tous; itis political; it is uncalled for by anything
connected with the course of New England upon
this floor or elsewhere.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. 1 withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. VOORHEES. I renew it, and I do it with
the purpose of detaining the House but a moment.
There is a line of argument—it is not argument,
however—ahneoftalk,always indulged in bygen-
tlemenupon the opposite side ofthe Chamber when
a discussion upon these questions arises, that, to
use the mildest tei m, is scarcely tolerable to those
who feel that their mateiial and pecuniary inter-
ests are involved in the question.
Ttie gentleman from Veimont [Mr. Mohrill]
rises and deprecates sectionalism, and the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] follows in
the same line, and says that he regrets this strain
of debate, this line of discussion. I presume the
gentlemen do. 1 know I would if I had as comfort-
able a thing at somebody else's expense as their
constituents have upon this question; J would not
want it discussed either. If I was so secure in
wealth as their constituents are, or if my people
were prospering and nourishing and spreading out
the branches of their prosperity before the world
at the expense of somebody else, unless I was
moved by a higher sense of justice than I have
over .«cen animate a single breast on the other side
of the H ouse upon this question, I too, like them,
should desire silence on the subject.
I should say, u Let us have no talk about it."
I should say, "Let us have no fuss; I am very-
comfortable, and cannot see why ail the rest of the
world should not be so too." I have no doubt
the highwayman, when he grasps his \ictim on
the highroad, would rather have him keep still.
1 have no doubt the burglar, when he breaks into
a dwelling-house, is very much annoyed if the
screams of the inmates disturb him at his feloni-
ouslabors. Ah! say they, we must have peace.
We musthave no screaming. Well, quitrobhing
us. Take your hands out of our pockets. Quit
filching the rewards of our honest labor from our
pockets for the benefit of men who are no abler,
no truer, no more patriotic, to say the least of it,
than the people which the gentleman from Illi-
nois, myself, and others on this side of the Cham-
bey repiesent here. Meet the argument,and stop
this talk. Does the manufacturing interest pay
