1804.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
1351
tional Hum shall be furnished by the General Gov-
ernment in the shape of greenbacks— v)mt we
call United States notes—or shall be tarnished by
the bankers of the country, through the national
banks that are contemplated by this bill. Of
course, if the General Government furnishes the
greenbacks for this currency it gets all the bene-
fit of so furnishing the currency. It saves the in-
terest. It gets any resulting benefit from the loss
of notes. If the banks furnish these notes the
banks get these benefits. They get the interest,
and they get what gain there is by the loss of
notes. Now, sir, so far as I am acquainted with
the sentiment of the country, everybody is well
satisfied with Uie currency of the Government.
In all quarters of the country they take those
greenbacks with avidity. "Wheie is the necessity
of authorizing the banks to issue tins £300,000,-
000? Still, if this amendment bo adopted, there
is room for exercising bank functions.
The last section of the bill brings within the
scope of this law the Bank of Commctce of New
York city. That bank, as it is well known, is
a bank of deposit and discount. It is not a bank
of circulation. This amendment places these na-
tional banks upon the same footing as the Bank
of Commerce. It makes all the banks authorized
by this law simply banks of depusitanu discount.
Where is the necessity of making them banks of
issue? My amendment contemplates that the
larger bills, winch may be useful by way of ex-
change so as to save inteiest, may be issued by
the banks, and that the smaller bills which enter
into circulation from hand to hand shi'li be pro-
cuied directly from the United States Government,
instead of being filtered through these banks.
Mr. HOOPER. If the gentleman from Maine
is sincere in his proposition,he will not object to
an amendment that I will make to his amendment.
I move to add, as follows:
ft shall not be lawful for any peoon, asocial ion. ot cor-
poration. to i^suo any note, check, ot oi'ict evidence of
lndcbletiiit'Sis designed or calculated to cumulate as money.
Mr. PIKE. I have no objection to that amend-
ment, and accept it as a modification of my own.
It is a question whether Congress hns that power
as an original question. J should have no doubt
that Congiess lias thatpower, but the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. 13!oofer] isawaiethat
the Supreme Court of the United States has de-
cided that the issues of the State banks aie en-
tirely proper and constitutional. JPhat was m
the case of the Kentucky banks. Consequently
when the gentleman offers the amendment, it
would result very well if it could be carried out;
but he is running in conflict with thb decision of
the Supreme Court o!" the (Jutted States. We
attempted 1 >*t Congress to obviate that difficulty
by taxing 'nese notes out of eK^tence. We laid
a tax the last days of the sessum upon the issues
of State banks, upon the ground that we h.id tnot
authority, if we could not prohibit the r circula-
tion. I voted for that provision, and the House
concurred in it, and we taxed out of existence the
circulation ofState banks which were sound; and
now we are engaged in the process of procuring
the issues of other banks to take their places,
and which will be no better than they.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
The amendment was not agre< d to.
Mr. BROOKS. I am going to make one more
effort to amend this section in hue fweniy-iour.
I move to amend by striking out the wouis "bec-
retary of the Treasury," and inserting in Leu
theienf the wvrds 45 Comptrolh r of the Curren-
cy;" so that the clause shall read:
And the said iiolc.s beat sneh rlovvc* and such orlun
t-tatcinentf. and t-hall be in such toim. :>  the < -oinptrollei*
of the t tnrericy shall, by regulation, direct.
3 should not insist in urging this subject on the
consideration of the committee, but that I feel it
to be a matter of the gieatcst mipui Uuice that i he
vn>t money pow- r ef this country should be di-
vided up ps much as possible in its control. The
centralization of these mime use h"van^, ef this im-
mense debt, of tins vast ooutiul of the public,
money, in the hands of one. man almost without
responsibility, is a centralization and consolida-
tion of power frightful to contemplate and fright-
ful m us consequences. ^ ther< foi <\ in good taith,
make tins peisistent eiToit to divide, it possible,
the responsibility in the management of this
matter.
I took occasion upon this floor some days since I
to say that L served in Congress some years ago 1
with the honorable Secretary of the Treasury, |
and 'hat I believed him to be an honest man, in- 1
dorsmg whac the gentleman Horn Pennsylvania
says. 'But at the same time I took occasion to
say that in my whole experience in public life I
never knew a man to be surrounded and envel-
oped by so many unprincipled men as the hon-
orable Secretary oftheTieasury, and, as a specific
feature, I called attention to the particular fact of
the distribution of the$500,000,000 loan. Before we
enacted a law giving the Secretary of the Treasury
power to issue" $510,000,000 of public debt, he, by
the record, had issued over five hundred and ten mil-
lions, upon which he had paid $444,000 into some-
bod} '« pocket. And it is my belief at this day and
this hour, that this money is used by the opponents,
of Mr. Lincoln for the establishment of anti-Lin-
coln Republican papeis m the city of NewYoik
and elsewhere. 1 have nothing to do wji h the mode
and manner in which they make use of the public
money, but I have a great deal to do with the
denunciation of that system by which the Secre-
tary of the Treasury pet nutted §450,000 to be
taken from the public money upon this loan,and
to be deposited and given to favorites, without
any nght of control over it.
lletice 1 persist in tins effort to dissevei as much
as pos/uble the Secretary of the Tieasury fi om the
control of iJus loan, and to give the President
some yhtirt-S>f that control The p-iwer is vast;
and the dny is coming v. iien the Republican pai ty,
as their electioneering campaign progiesses, will
do me the justice of admitting I have a foresight
in this whole matter; and if they are wise they
will hstt n to me.
Mr. STEVENS. This is but a lepetition of
the Sei.tiip motion the gentleman made befme; and
1 hope it will not prevail. 1 am glad the gentle-
man concedes there is one honest man in the
Treasury Depat tment in this Admimstiatnm. I
wish he could sny as much of the last. 1 donot
just now recollect the individual he could point
to, nor do i know who the gentlcmnu means by
the dishonest men who surround the Secretary of
the Treasury. These vague denunciations are
easily made; they are the weapons of party. They
ate generally the weapons of the small men of
the party; the light artillery ust d by mere skum-
Jhhcis; they are not geneiany used by the whole
body of the party, as is the ease with the gentle-
man ftom New Yoik. I am sorry, therefore, that
he allows this to be used by others to whom if
would do no discredit.
But, sir, as to the fact now alleged by the gen-
tleman, that this $450,000 is put into the pockets
of somebody, does he suppose that theie was to
be no expense m pnnui'sr and taking in the sub-
scriptions for the £500,000,000 loan—a loan v. hich
ran ayiar before 000,000 of u vvas taken, and
which was not taken until these agents were em-
ployed : What gentlemen he ref'-rs to as usin^
this money for tlm purpose of establishing ami-
Lincoln [Mpets I do not know. I can hardly be-
lieve that anv of these money operators would be
bo generous and disinterested. 1 have not been
nci ustomed so to consider them. If it were not
for (he high authority of theg  ntleman fromNtw
York I would not be!te\c a word of H now. Hut,
sir, i do not know that theie is any antj-Lincoln
paper or anu-Lmeo[n club now beio^esmbhsijed.
I suppose the gentleman dot s not ni'-an the Mc-
Cielian (dubs? lie can hardly refer to them. Nor
doe-rf he r< fer to any clubs established by his party.
Mr. CROOKS, I said Republican.
Mr. STEVENS. His party consists only of
himself and one member churning a seat, I be-
lieve, trom Missouri, [laughter,] and 1 presume
they are not to be supposed to be engaged in it.
Now, I do not believe there is anybody op-
posing Mr. Lincoln. The other sidenf the House
have u.keu to piaisnuj mm, and tin y jk- m-'i< iy
trotting out Gent ral Mi_Ch ikm for the put pope of
giving a stioilier race and exercising the |nc*ei;t
incumbent, who is in the fa Id, 1 suppose. [I Sligh-
ter.] Theyaie not m (arnest m attempting to
nm him, as they know he cannot raise a trot.
[Laughter.] lie never did when afo: \v aid move-
irnnt was ih question. [Renewed laughter.]
Hut. sii j whet-> is this anti Lincoln opposition
in th-1 Republican patty 3 Not in 1 his 11 jus. . I
have not heaul of it. There is peiilct unanimity
here, «<.« faras the Republican party is concerned.
If there is any such movement among small men-
in the country known to the gentleman fronrNew
York, it is not very alarming to the friends of the
Administration-, and I do not think it will pro-
duce from the Executive anything more than -a
pertinent joke. [Laughter!] I have no idea,,
therefore, that anything but some wild vision is
haunting the imagination of the gentleman.
1 hope this amendment will not be agreed -fco,
and that my friend from New York will not per-
severe in his efforts to destroy the Secretary of
the Treasury.
The amendment was disagreed to. ;
M*\ BROOKS. I move to strike outst Secre-
tary of the Treasury," and to insert44 Treasurer
of the United States.}>
Mr. Chairman, the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania is pleased to say,in reply to some remaiks
that I made, that i make only vague chaig'-s.
Why, sir,it ijun arithmetical, numeiicui charge
that 1 make against the Seer* tary of the Tivasut y
or his surrounders. The chaige 1 made against
the Secretary of the Tieasnry is, fust, that on
the 1st of IVLii eh, prior to the pass* £e oHhe lav/ by
Congress, he had issued £510,000,000 fif live-
twenties without any law whatsoever and in de-
fiance of all luv. The second charge I make is
that the psermum upon those bonds was 108,and
that the Secretary of the Tiejr-uiy thereby gave
to somebody £>450,000 of the public money. Tills
is no \o:;ne ehai^e, but a specific, numerical,
arithmetical, algebiaic charge, winch cannot be
denied smcees^iu'ly , if denied nt fill.
Sn , it is Hue that I belong b> no p;u ty. 1 would
not wear the collar winch som,j gentlemen wear
in this/Housf if it were a collar of gold. I would
not belong to the mechanism of a jKirty which is
obliged to vote according to the direction of the
gentleman, orof any other man, if the mechanism
itself wete of gold. I do not belong io any such
patty mechanism ot combination as that, but my
whole object in this House m to try to do right,
independent of all parlies, and to the best of my
ability.
Mr. STEVENS. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a rpiesNon?
Mr. BROOKS. CeitaSnly.
Mr. STEVENS, i understand the gentleman
to leproach this party for xotm<r accotdmg to
what soni" tu'-tnbers5 prmcijiles are. I ask the
gentleman if his party do not vote unanimously
as he voresr
Mr. BROOKS. Always, a.id not onfrequently
I have the piea.«ui c ut breaking the chains of some
upon the other Ride of the House, and s<--e some
of the honoiaMe gentlemen opposite c:«st their
votes with me. Sir, 1 would not he a party dog
nor wear a paity collar m tune of war. It is my
proud hooor and the honor of my constituency
that they elected me and teiu me heie to support
the Administration in what is right and condemn
it in what is w:ong. That ts the record on which
I have tiled to stjnd and on which I mean to
stand; and it is because I stand on tluv leecud
that idi^.m.^t the Se,.-re*ary of'he Tr- naury, who,
through the influences sun ounduu; him, 1 ins giv en
away §450,000 of the public nmney.
Sn , 1 Uid not come here t o mak' n Pr- .sidej ■{; < it her
to make General McCh ban or any of her man Pres-
ident. 1 can tell you all, upon all subs of the
flotise, that however you anange your mechan-
ism and your combinations, unle&s }ou restore
this Union by frugality and economy and bv suc-
cess ni aims, your mechanism v, m uh n-1 broken,
as H has i;eeu biok«'U b, it>ie, t>y the people out-
side and indep<-ujcU ut <-f ^ il parly combinations.
Sn , 1 h^jie the amenum- nt will prevail. I re-
'peat, pubbc money is be my ap;)ropriated withm
the bosom of the RepubLe£i,i p.uty to pro\luce
troubles and severances and collisions in that
patty. Hut oil that i-? notluoo lo me. 1 stand
only ;\p a <~u<.rdian of the public Tit akstiiy,aud U
us t--r thai ehme that I when i luhlns-i the
fii'use. and for which i ask a>'d heg tfx> [i'm^
not to tiu^t milbons andinou^ards of mnhons
solely to the custody of ihe SeereUu y of the Tieas-
uty.
The question was taken on Mr. Brooks's
amendment, and it was reje-.ted.
Mr. HOOPER. I move to amend dm twenty-
fan. h secuon by sinking out tl/e v, mds ^'and
1>; Case such notes shall be dehveicd to the C<u\)p-
trolinr by an officer cr a^cnt of such association,
