2328
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18,
notless than a majority in interest of the stockholders shall
be present in person or by proxy, which majority shall con-
stitute a quorum to do business, shall have power to make
such by-laws, rules, and regulations as they shall deem
needful and proper touching the disposition of the stock,
property, estates, and effects of the company, not incon-
sistent with tins act or any act of Oongres«, the transfer of
shares, the term of office, duties, and conduct of their offi-
cers and servants, and all matters whatsoever which may
appertain to the concerns of said company; and the said
board of directors shall have power to appoint such en-
gineers, agents, and subordinates as may from time to time
be neee&saiy to carry into effect the objects of this act, and
do ail acts and things touching the local ion and construc-
tion of said railroad and telegraph. Said directors may re-
quire payment of subscriptions to the capital stock, after
due notice, at such more frequent times and in <mch greater
proportions than hereinbefore provided as they shall deem
necessary to complete the railroad and tclegiaph. And a
majority of said directors shall constitute a quoium foi the
transaction ot business,. The secretary and treasurer shall
give bond<, with such security as the said hoard shall from
time to tune require, and shall hold their offices at the wiil
and pleasure of the (Jneciom; and the directors shall hold
their offices until their-ticcessois are qualified. The Gov-
ernment directors shall be ex officio members of all stand-
ing committees, and «-hall from time to time report to the
Secretary of tlx; Interior, in answer 10 any inquiries he
may make of them touching the condition, management,
and progicss of the work; shall communicate to the Secre-
tary of the Interior at any time Mich information as should
be m posses-ion of the Department; and foi this purpo-e
they or eithei ot them shall have fiee access at all icason-
able tunes to the hooks, papers, and archives of the com-
pany. They ^hall, while absent from homo, attending to
their duties, be paid their actual tiaveltng expenses and'
compensation, at the rate of eight dollais a day, tor the
time thus actually employed.
Sec. '2. Jlnd he it fuitkcr enacted, That said company
shall cause notice to he published m one ormoie news-
papeis of general circulation in each ot the cities herein
beloit* mentioned, l>v not left, riian ten conspicuous inser-
tions thereof m each such newspaper, ot all calls oi
assessment* upon Ihe capital stock, and the time when the
same sh.ill l)o payable, and al-o of all special meeting-* ot
the stockholders; and any live duectors, or the owners of
one tenth in interest of the capital stock paid in, may m
like manner call and convent* special meetings of the stock-
holders In ca«e any stockholder --hail fail to pay any as-
sessment which shall be made, and of which due notice
shall have been given as afore-aid, at the time when ihe
same -hall be payable, or within tint ty day- next thereai'tci,
With interest liieieon at the rate of ten per cent, per annum
tor any elapsed poition ot such thurv da><, the shaie-of
such iielini|uent -tockhol.ler, on which -ueh a>-c-sment
f.ha!I not have been paid, and all payment- thereou shall
beab-oluteJv and ?;i90 fat to forfeited to the -aid company,
and no stockholder or pio\y-ha!l lit* entitled oi allowed to
vote at any meeting of stoefcholdci - on an\ shatc or shar <:•>
on which any such as-e—ineni -hall be due and unpaid.
All contract-* loi lahoi and sei\ ice-, m.Uei nil - of e\ ei\ de-
scription, and tor ti an-poitaiion, whieh may be made by or
on behalf of ?aid company,-hall be terminable at the pica--
ure of-aid company, oi o! the dnectoH thereof, by notice
m wilting to the oth< i contracting pa  lie-, tiieir hens, ex-
eentois, admmi-tiaiors, or assiyu-; ami upon and alter
service of-nelr notice, all liability and obligation on ac-
count thereof, on the part of the company* shall eca-t.and
determine, except in so lar as peiiouuanee -ball b< bv
either pat ty icquued dm im.' the -i\ month- nett uc ( ,*>ed
ing stieh service; and all stieh contracts o! said company
shall contain or be deemed lo contain a clau-e providing
for hiu.li tcimunition thereof. And said <. onipany -hall i om-
plefc and lull)' equip it- hue of mad and telesraph ?r-> pio-
vided in this act <m ot before the i)Kt daj'of Dcccinbei,
A. D. 1677, except m so tar as such completion may be  c-
cessarilj d< lay^d bv tunnels or unavoidable ob-taclcs or
impediment- whi< h shall tender luithcr time indi-peiisa-
ble; in which case such further time mnv he deter mined
and gi anted In the pic- uh lit of the (lulled States, not, how-
ever, to exceed live yeai-.
Sec. ti Jhuf /)«' it further cnarti'dy That the light of way
through the public lands ol flit: United states be, and the
game is h« rebv, gianled to -.ml emnpan\ tor thceonrtiuc-
tlon of stud taihoad and telegiaph line; and the right,
power, and authority ate hereby given io -aid company to
take liom tilt pubic land-, adjacent to the line ot -aid road,
car tit. stone, tnnbei, and other materials tor the eon-tr ac-
tion thereof; «aid right of way i- giauted to the extent of
two hundred lectin width on each side of -aid i.uhoad
where rf may pa- - over the public kind; and .til ncce-Miy
grounds lor fad wis build ma-, w or kshops. d< pot-*, macirinc
shop,, swifchc.-, -id«' ;uul s 'coi,d tiai k-, t at u table-, w .iter
stations, and other a ppi;i tenant-e-, oi appliance - proper tor
the construction, operating. and maintenance ot -aid rail-
road and telegraph. The J 'uited State-shall extinguish a-
rapidly as may b«* the Indian in l< s to all lard- tailing under
the operation of this act and requned (or said light ot way
and giant*- herein made, or made m the act to which this
is an amendment. The said company is hereby authon/.ed
and empowered to < nrer upon, pureha-e, take, am' hold
any land- and prenn-e-, othci than -U'*b public bind- that
may be necc-s.iry and propei lor the cnn> ti uctiou and
working ol said road, not exceeding in width two hundred '
feet on each -id1"* of the center line ot tin tr railroad. unlc-- i
a greater width shall be leqiiHite tor the puipo-,<  of c\ta- j
ration oi embankment; and al-o anv lands or prcmi-Ca !
which in.i' be neees>,iry and pioper tor station-:. building, ]
work-hop-, depots, machine shop-, -witche-*. -ide and see
ond track-, turn-table*, and watei stations neces-aiy m the \
con-li uction, oper ittng. and maintenance ot said road ; and 1
the said <ompat.y shall, furthermore, have the tight to cut '
and remove ire. - or oilier materials which might, by (all- j
ing, lncunrb''! m- joail-bed, though standing or being*moie i
than two hundred feet iroui the line oi said load. And in \
case the owie-r of Mich hniKor premises and the said com- j
panv cannot aijr'.e a-, to the damage.! sustained bv the 1
owncis thereof for the ptemwc^ i.o taken, or to be taken, |
for the use of said road, the damages thereby sustained
shall be determined by the appraisal of three disinterested
commissioners, who maybe appointed upon application by
any party to any judge of a court of record in any of the
Teiritories in which the lands or premises to be taken he;
and said commissioneis, in their assessments of damages,
shall appraise such premises at what would have been the
value thereof if the road had not been built; and shall also
deduct from the damages to be awarded to the applicant for
the same any increase in the value,due to the construction
of the road, of the premises retafued by him, provided such
premises formed a portion of those taken ; and upon return
into court of such appraisement, and upon the payment to
the clerk thereof, or to the parties entitled, of the amounts
so awaided by the commissioners, (sucJi clerk to hold the
same in tiust ior the use and benefit oi the owner thereof,)
said premises shall be deemed to be taken by said com
pany, which shall thereby acquue full title to ihe^ame for
the purpose aforesaid. And either party feeling aggrieved
at said as-es&ment, may, within Unity days alter the baiue
ha-? been tiled with the clerk, file an appeal therefrom, and
demand ajury of twelve men to estimate the damage sus-
tained ; but such appeal shall not inteifere with the rights
ol said company to enter upon the premises taken, or to do
any act nece.-saiy m the construction ol its road. And said
party appealing shall give bonds, with sufiicient surety or
sureties for the payment ol any costs that may atise upon
«uch appeal. And in ea^e the paity appealing doe* not
obtain a veidict increasing or diminishing, tu> the case may
lie, the award of the commissioneis, such paity shall pay
the: whole cost incurred by the. appellee, as well asits own.
And the payment into court, for the use of the owner of
said piemiscs taken, of a sum equal to that finally awarded
-hall be held to vest in said company the title of said land,
and the light to use and occupy tiie -atuo for the construc-
tion, maintaining, and opeiating of said load. And in case
any ot the lands to be taken as aforesaid shall be held by
any infant, t'emmc covert, nou-coinpo-, nwine person, or
poison lesniing without thoTenitory within which the lands
to be taken lie, or persons subject to any legal disability,
the conn may appoint a guaidtau for any paity under any
di-qualitieation, to appear in proper*person,wdio shall give
bonds, with sufficient suicty or sureties for the pioper and
faithful execution oi his tiust. and who may represent in
court the p^u-on disqualified as aior« said bom apptaung,
when the same proceeding shall lie had m icterence to the
appi ai-cnient of the premises to be taken tor the use of said
company, and with tire same etl'ect as have been already
dcsei ibed. And the title ot lire company to the land taken
by virtue of tin-act, shall not be atleeted nor impaired by
reason ol any failuie by any guardian to discharge faith-
fully hi-ti list And in ca-e hu} p.uty nlrall have a light
or ( I.urn to any land- for a teim of yeaM, or any mteie-t
theiein. in po-scs-ion, rcvci-inn, oi icmainriei, the value
of any -ueh e-rate le-sthan a ice simple shall be estimated
and deteunincd in the manner hetein set loith. And m
c.i-e it shall be uece--ar> (or the company to entei upon
land- winch are unoccupu d. and of which tlieie is no ap-
parent owner or claimant, ii may pioetcd to take and ti.se
the same loi the purpose of said iailtoud,and may institute
piocecdmgs in manner desciibul lor the puipo&u of ascer-
taining the value ot and aequu ing a title to the same ; but
the judge -hall deteimine the kind of notice to be given
such ownei or owner-, and lie may m his discretion ap-
point an agent or gu.iuhauio rcpie-entsuch owner or owncia
in case ot hi-oi their m< apneity or non-appeaiaiH.e. In
ease no claimant shall appear within tlwce yeais from the
time of the opening ot said load across any land, all claim
to damages against said company shall be lianed. 11 shall
be competent tor the legal guuidian of any inlant, or any
other person under guauhau-hip, to agree with the com-
pany IIs- to damages -ustaincd by reason of the taking of
any lands ot any -lull person undtr disability, as atorc-
'-aid. loi ihe n-e as atoresaid, and upon -ueh agreement
being made the said guardian -hall have full power to make
and executt a coit\evance thereof to the said company,
whu h -hall ve-t the title theteto in the «aid company.
Sei:. -1. shirt he it futlher cnacted, That in addition to
tin; right and authority gianted to said company m said
oiigmal act to take tioin the public lands adjoining said
load stone,tunb"i, and otlicn matenalsioi the construction
of the road, said company is hereby authorized and em-
powered to take and u-e any coal or iron ores lying within
any of the public hind- upon the geneial loute of the pto-
po-ed road, and within the limit- of ten mile- on each -ule
ot the hue the) cot, and which may be made a vail able cither
in the con- tun turn orlutiuc u.-r and operation ot -aid road.
And m ea-e -aid company i- desiious of becoming pur-
eha-ei-ol the lee of such land-containing coal and iron
oie-, |Mti nts theiefoi shall be i-ouctl to said company by
the eminent of trie United rftate^, at the price at which
(Jtnei imient lands without minerals are sold at the time
-ueh patents issue: Ptovulcd, That sard company shall,
vi iihin tt n \ cais, make its sep-c t ion of the land it dc-ire-
to pi i re ha-e, and that the lands so selected shall not exceed
m .uc,i one hundred thou-atid acies.
Si-c. ">. Kind be it tiulhn cnactcd, That said company
-hall locate its ,--;ud i:u!ioad and tclegiaph hoe on the most
direct and cential practicable route, having lelerence to
the <, onstiuetion, operation, and maintenance of -aid ioaii
fli!oin:li sin* tciiHoi ics of the l/nit«d Status between said
nulla! point on -aid one hundredth mvudiaii and the west-
ern boundary of the Temton oi Nevada, to connect with
the imc oi tiie Uentt.il I'aeihe Kaihoad Uunrpany ot Cali-
fornia, and that -ueh location shall be made upon and ftom
actual -nni'js upon such route and with such termini as
the President of the United Stales shall appiove. That
within two \cai- alter the pas-age of this act the said
company shall de-ignate .-ueh general unite of «atd road,
as ncai as may be. ami shall file a map of tne saint; in the
Dcpaitment ot the Interior; whereupon the ►Seeietary of
tlx* IritciKu -'hail<au-ie ihe lands within tiftecn miles of
stieh de-ignated mute to be withdiawn fiom preemption,
pnv.ite entry, or sale; and in c.r^e any poition of said line
-hall be located, and -ueh local ion be appuned by the Pres-
ident ot' the United States bcfoie -ueh de-igtiation of the
♦'Utile mute shall be made, the lands within fitteen miles
thereof shall m like maimer be withdrawn as aforesaid,
and the Secretary of the Inteiior shall cause the said lands
hereinbefore granted to be surveyed and set apart as may
be necessary for the purposes herein named whenever
at#portion of said line of road shall be finally located,
and said company aie authorized to modify and change
the location of any poition or portions of its line, with tiie
approval«>f the Pre^rdent of the United States, and there-
upon the piovisions herein mentioned as to withdrawal,
survey, and setting apart of said lands shall be deemed to
refer and apply to the land within fifteen miles of such
changed location of the road: Provided, however, That the
said initial point on the one hundredth meridian shall be
established as hereinbefore provided,-so as to make the
most practicable connection between the main line of said
comp«<£ and the several lines of road to be builtfiom said
one hundredth meridian to the Missouu river, and may be
changed by the Congress of the UnitecLStates only.
Sec. 6. Jlnd be it jurther enacted, That theie be, and
hereby is, granted to said company for the purpose of aid-
ing in the construction ot said railroad and telegraph line,
arid to f-eeure the safe and speedy transportation of tbp
mails, troops, and munitions of war and public stores
thereon, every alternate section of the public land desig-
nated b) odd numbers, to the amount of five alternate sec-
tions per mile on each side of said laihoad, on the line
thereof and within the limits of ten miles on each side of
said load, not sold, reserved, or otherwise disposed of by
the United States, and to which a preemption or home-
stead claim may not have attached at the time tiie line of
road is definitely fixed; but it by icason of sale by the Uni-
ted States or by picemptiou or homestead light attaching
ty any such alternate section or part of a section so hereby
granted to said company, or if from any other cause the
said company shall be unable to locate or receive the whole
of five full alternate sections per mile for .each mile on each
side of said road, it shall in either case be lawful for said
company to select, locale, and receive patents (or so much
ot the oihei lands of the United States lying within twenty
miles of each side of said road as will make up the quan-
tity granted to said company to ten sections per mile for
each and every mile of said railroad so constructed. But
all mineral lands, except those containing mine** of iron or
coal, shall be excluded from the opoiauon of this section,
although where the same shall contain timber the timber
theieon is hereby granted to said company. And all such
lands so granted by this section, which shall not be sold or
di-posed ol by said company within thiee years alter tho
entire road shall have been completed, shall be subject to
•settlement and preemption like other public lands, at a pt ice
not exceeding $1 '2,1 per acre, to be paid to said company.
The title of the lands tluii gi anted to -aid company, upon
the. constiuction ot said load, shall remain in the United
States, subject to the piovi-ioiis ol this act, and the lands
shall not he ■subject to pt ivate entry, preemption -ale, home-
stead exemption, or other di-po^ition, until after said com-
pany -shall have filed the map- oi tho t-urvey and location
of the tome of said tailroad, and until said iand< shall be
set apait and conliimed to said eouipam , any act of Con-
gic*s heretofore passed in icfercncc to the dispo-ition of
said lands to the contrary notwithstanding. And the term
mineial land, wheiever the same occurs in this act and the
act to which this is an amendment, shall not be con&trued
to include mines ot it on or of coal.
Skc. 7. Jindbe it futtker enacted. That whenever said
company shall have completed any one .section 9f forty con-
secutive miles of any part of said railroad and tclegiaph
line, eastward of the eastern base ot the Rocky mountain*,
ready for the sei vice contemplated by this act, supplied
with all necessary drains, culverts, viaducts, closings,
sidings, bridges, turnouts, watering place®, depots, equip-
ments, fui nituie, and all othcrappuitenane.es ol afirst-elass
iaihoad, thiee commissioneis,to be appointed by the 1'ies-
jdent of tiie United States to examine the same and report
to bun m relation thereto, shall pioceed to perform their
duty; and if n shall appear to hmi that forty consecutive
miles of said Milroad and telegraph line have been com-
pleted and equipped m all re-peet- as required by thn- act,
then npou certificates! of said commi—loners to that effect
pRtents shall is-ue conveying the right and title of said
lands to said company, on each side of the toad, so fai as
the same is completed, to the amount afore-aid ; and pat-
ents shall in like maimer issue as each section of not less
than toity consecutive mile- of said railioad and telegraph
hue is completed ea-t of the ea-nein base of the Rocky
mountains ; and also as each section of not less than twenty
consecutive miles thereof west of -aid eastern base is
< ompleted, upon like certificates of t ommissioueis so to
be, appointed. Anv vaeaneie-N occurring in any such board
of comirn^-ionets by death, resignation, or otheiwise, shall
he filled by Hie .President of the United State-'; none of
winch commisi-ioner^ shall be stockholder.-, in anyiailroad
company entitled to anv of the benefits or privilege- granted
by this act: lJioviJe<1, hoivcrer, That no such con^ussion-
cis -hall be appointed by the President of the Unitnl States
until there -hall be presented to him a statement, verified
on oath by the pre-ident of said company, that the proper
number of miles have been «o completed, in the manner
required by this act. and setting forthwith certainty the
points whete such di-tanee begins and where the same
ends; which oath sliali be taken hetoie a judge ot a court
ot iccoid ; but he may appoint .i> many such boaidsof
commissioners as the public uifere-t may, in hi- opinion,
requite, and as shall be desucd by said company; and
all such ceiuticates shall, after b" 'ing pt es'-nted to the Pres-
ident as aforesaid, be tiled and deposited with the Seeie-
tary of the Interim. The tails and other lion used m the
consti uction and equipment of the said road shall he of
Ann i ican manufacture, of the best quality, except so much
thereof as shall he needed tor two years next alter the ap-
proval of this act.
^fo. 8. Jlnd be it Jurther cnaclci* That no United States
bonds -.ball be i--ucd undoi theaerof which thi- is an .imend-
ment; but the said company m.iy make, execute, and issue
it- own first mortgage bonds, to be signed by tts president
and scoet'iiy. and -ca'ed with the eoiporate seal ot the
company, to the following amounts m re-peci of the fol-
lowing parts of said road, and under the following condi-
tions, to wit: said company may make and execute, as
