1852
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 30,
in person, then in the presence, also, of such offi-
cer or agent."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER. I move to amend the same
section by striking out the words " given to such
officer or agent," and inserting in lieu thereof the
words, "forwarded to the association whoso notes
are thus canceled."
The amendment was agreed to.
The section, as amended by the two foregoing
amendments, reads as follows:
Sec. 5M. Jind be it further enacted, Timt it shall be the
duty of tlio Comptroller of the Currency to rceoive worn-
out or imuilatedcm-ulatiiiguotes issued by any Mich hank-
ing association, and to deliver m pluco thoicof to such as-
sociation other blank circulating notes to an equal amount.
And such worn-out or mutilated notes, after a memotan-
dnm sihall have been enteied in the piopor books, in ac-
cordance with such regulations as may be established by
the Comptroller, a<? vvi'U as all circulating notes which shall
have been paid or surrendered to be canceled, shall be
burned to allies in piosunee of throe persons, one to be ap-
pointed by the Secretary of the Tieasury, one by the Comp-
troller of the Ciineney, and one by the Tieasurer of the
United  Stales, under swh leguhmons the Secretary of
the Treasury may pi escribe. And a certificate of such
burning, corned by the p.utics so appointed, sball bo made
in the books of the ('omptioller, and a duplicate thoicof
fot warded to the association who.-o notes aie thus can-
celcd.
Mr. HALE. I move to amend the same suc-
tion by inserting the woids " also on duo. proof
of the loss or destruction of any such circulating
notes." I call the attention of the gentleman hav-
ing this bill in charge to this amendment as be-
ing a voi y proper one, and one which may be ne-
cessary. 1 think it will commend itself to the
judgment of the committee. There may be cases
in which these hills are destioycd, and ought to
be icplaml. There in no authonty in (he bill,as
it standK, to replace them. My attention has
been called to this point from the fact that in a ic-
cent fire in my own town a lur«ce amount of in-
terna! revenue stamps? was destroyed, and there
.seems to he no provision in th« law for replacing
' them. The law allows commissioners to replace
stamps that are mutilated or defaced, hut not to
replace tho.sethatare destroyed entirely. 1 submit
that there may be case.s where notes are entirely
destroyed by lire, or lost on board shipwrecked
vessels, or in other ways; and I hold that on due
pi oof of the fact the 'OompUoller ought !oha\e
authority to replace them. 1 hope the amend-
ment will be agreed to.
The nim-ndimMit was agreed to.
Mr. HOOlTUt. I move to amend the twenty-
fcj Vtli section by i:h iking out the words " n mety
per cent, of the e.uneiit m.uket value of;" so
that the provision will read:
J^ovidi:*!, That llie remainmu bonds w Inch vh.ill ba\ e been
ttiin^lei'reii by tin- b.iMkinir .i-MK'i.irmn nlh-i ne; lo mii lender
pin.it eircMjIaiiiiK note- --ii.ill be i qu.il l<> (lie ;<hhmiijt of <dl
tlio circulaiii)1/ noli ^ teiained lij miHi b.ui^in.'ja^^oejanon.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. XlQOPKll. I move to amend the Hnme sec-
tion by adding after the word " reduced " the
words, u below the amount of the cu eulation us-
Kued for the same;5' so timt it will nad:
And if, ;a any turn: ait« r <-i:d bond*. '-hull be deposited
Willi th«> i'imI-inei of {!n> I iiitf'd St.iify, a- nUne-md, the
III.'.) k« t t)i c,Hl value -iiall be ledliecd below I lie amount of
tin: eneulatiou l-^ui'd lot the "-aiiie, tbe Coinpirolb'r of the
Cuiienvy hereby .mtboiued to deui.tnd and n-reive the
amount of such depieeiation jn oilier United Stales boiui-
nt value, ui in motu y, |;oni l)i<- a^-o( lateai n eeivwm
Klld bill.^ |0 b" (lejm-iti-d Willi the Tn-aMim ui the United
Stales us lotu* as niieli depn ciaUoti conumie<.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. 1100PKU. i move to amend the Uventy-
sixih section by sinking out the last two pio-
viso.s, as follows:
jiroriJcd, Tliat said ietuin ofbonds -hall not duniiK
jf-h the nm'Mii'tof hosuN tn Sin- bauds of the Tiea-urer bc-
jow the amount to be, kept on depoMt with him by tin- act.
Jjnd pioi idcd ftiilhn, 'I'D.it thiaetdiall have been no tailuic
by Mich ns-MJuauon to ledccm ns cneulatmc; notes, and
that tiieie >-liall li ive !><•( n no oilier viol.Uion by Mich a-Mj-
rianou of an\ of t«if* pt> vision- ot Un^ aetioi "the >eeuutv
of the creditors oi mh h .inoculum; nor >hali the'i rea«<-
{jret be icquurd to Miuendu such bomhin iracuonal Minis
W los than tfi.UOU.
The amendment was agreed to.
Air. PRICE. I move to amend the twenty-sixth
section by striking out the word li may,"and in-
setting in lieu thereof the word " shall;" so that
it will read:
But the Comptroller of the Pmrcnev '•ball «ivo to any
such banking association powers o( attorney to ivceivo and
appropuaie to ns own u-e the interest on the bond.s which
sliail have b«en 50 tiansi'crrod to the Tieasuiei by it.
The reason of the amendment is obvious. So
long as banks are not in default, the Comptroller
is bound to hand to them their interest as it be-
comes due. That should not be optional with
him.
Mr. HOOPER. I have no objection to the,
amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAY1S, ofNew York. I movetoamend
the twenty-seventh section by inserting, after the
word " imprisoned," the words, (t not less than
one and;" so that it will read:
And any officer who stall viol&te the provisions of this
section shall be deemed guilty ofa high misdemeanor,and
on conviction thereof shall be punished by fine not exceed-
ing double the amount so countersigned and delivered, and
impiisoned not less than one and not exceeding fifteen
years, at the discretion of tlte court in which he shall be
tried.
It is usual, in fixing imprisonmentasapunish-
ment for crime, to insert both the minimum and
the maximum terms. Here we place it in thedis-
crction of the court to imprison a man for fifteen
years for a violation of the statute, or to reduce
the imprisonment to a single day. If there be any-
tliingm the crime that is worthy of public notice
and Unit should be punished at all, 1 say that the
punishment should exceed one day ,orone month,
and that there should be a minimum inserted in
the section.
Mr. STEVENS. If the gen lleman from New
York will amend his amendment by inserting the
word "or" instead of "and," before the word
"imprisoned," I will not object to it.
Mr. DAVIS, of NewYork. I accept tlio mod-
ification of my amendment.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. liOLMAN. 1 move to add the following
to the twenly-cighth section:
And it shall be the duty of any association having ac-
quit <id real e^Uite not neei'-.-jn y for it - immediate accommo-
dation m the ti an-action of its liii-.ine-,> to eau^e the .same
to be otlerod for t-abs at public auelion at tbe door ot the
banking hoire ot Mieh a^o< mtion within m\ month? after
aei|umnc: the title to the n;uu<' (if not pi evioiHy sold) after
giMii^i notiee ol Mich '-ale; and .-an. b association shall sull
the same at Mich public aueuon if any pei-on will bid
tbeioior Mich muii ot money us would" be lequned in the
sale thcieof if sold on execution in contotnuty with the
Uum ol the State in w Inch Mich association shall beoigan-
i/.ed.
Mi. Chairman, I i!e?<iio to say in behalf of that
amendment that its only object is to picvcntthosc
association# from becoming extensive, holders of
foal estate. They may acquire, it in two or three
modes: by conveyance to them in payment of
di bis, by purchasinglandx Fold under executions
in their favor, and ho on. There is no proposi-
tion in this bill mjmt trig them to dispose of these
lands, and they will become extensive landhold-
ers, and it is not the object of the Government to
enablethem to own extensive tracts of land. As
t have .said, there is no provision requiring them
to dispose of these lands not accessary for bank-
itig- purposes, and my amendment i# to supply
that want.
Mr. STEVENS. I think that that would be a
vinuu.s and injudicious amendment to the bill.
Suppose an institution is obliged to purchase real
estate which they do not require, they will dis-
pose oi it as soon as the condition of tlio country
will enable them to do so to advantage. If there
be such a depression as theic was in 1837 and
JH.">7,and it should continue for two or three years,
this pro\ b.ioi! would compel the banks to sell the
land which they mi<_cht hold instead of letting them
hold it to a future time when it may be disposed
of to advantage.
Air. UOLMAjNT. This amendment expressly
provides that the lands shall only be sold when
it may be done at the rate of appraisement under
the laws of the State where it may be located.
Mi;. iSTEVEiN'S, Dunng the crash some years
n^o the lands held by the ]3ank of the United
.States were taken for debts due by men who be-
came by the change of times very poor. The
lands wore held by the bank, and it allowed a
^ a'lven time within which they could be redeemed
|j by the payment of the debts for which they were
]l held. The lands so raised in value that gjentle-
men at Pittsburg and other places who were bank-
ti runt at the time, by the sale of the lands were
jj not only able to pay their debts to the bank, but
to become wealthy They are now among the
ii most wealthy men in that region of the country,
'j 1 do not wish to take these privileges froYn the
ll banks, but that they may allow such time for the
redemption of these lands as they may think
Pr0Per H fO
There were, on adivision—ayes 14, noes 6~, no
quorum voting.
Mr. HOLMAN. If it is understood that I
shall have the opportunity to offer my amend-
ment in the House, I will now withdraw it.
The CHAIRMAN ordered tellers,and appoint-
ed Messrs. Myers and Holman.
The tellers reported—ayes 20, noes 50; no que •
rum voting.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 withdraw my amendment.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Sec. 2b. Jlnd be it further enacted, That it shall be law-
ful for any such association to purchase, hold, and convey
real estate as follows: 1. Such as shall benecessaiyfonts
immediate accommodation in the transaction ot its busi-
ness. 2. Such as bhall be mortgaged to it in good faith by
way of security for loans made by such association, or for
moneys due thereto. 3. Such as stall be conveyed to it in
satisfaction of debts previously contracted in the course of
its dealings. 4. Siichasitshallpmcliasoatsalcsundcrjudg-
ments, decrees, or mortgages held by such association, or
shall purchase to secure debts duo to said association. Such
association shall not purchase or hold real estate 111 any-
other case or for any other purpose than as specified m this
section.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. I move to insert
after the word "association," in the_third clause,
the wolds "in the usual course of its banking
business." I offer this amendment because I dis-
cover under the provisions of this section these
banks may accumulate very large amounts of
money and loan it originally on bond and mort-
gage. We know in a debt this bond represents
the debt, and the mortgage the security. I simply
want to prevent these banks from going into busi-
ness of loaning money out of the legal course of
banking.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. BLAINE. I move to amend section thir-
ty, in line four, by striking out the words "of
seven per cent, per annum," and inserting m lieu
thereof the words " established by law m tho
State where the association is located."
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 move to amend, by way
of a substitute for the amendment of the gentle-
man from Maine, by striking out " seven," and
inserting "six."
Mr. HLAINE. The gentleman has not the
floor to offer that amendment now. The clause,
as I propose to amend it, will read:
That every association may take, receive, reserve, and
cbaige on any loan or discount made, or upon any note,
hill of cxclianc;<?, oi otbei cvidemc of debt, mteiest at the
rate established by law in the Stale where the association
is located. $
The object I aim to accomplish will be reached
entirely by the amendment suggested by the gen-
tleman from Indiana. My object is simply to
prevent an increase of the rate of interest in local-
ities I ain acquainted with. We have in New
England at least one advantage, and that is an
accumulation of capital. It stimulates enterprise,
and gives great advantage to men entering into
business enterpiises. Now, to add one sixth part
to the burden of interest imposed upon every man
who wants to enter into any manufacturing or
business operation, is what the Congress of the .
United States ought not to do. If the committee
will insert six per cent., I will go for it with all
my heart. I moved ray amendment because I
thought it the most practical form in which 1
could present it.
Mr. HOLMAN. My amendment is more ap-
propriate to tho text of the bill. I will submit it
as an amendment to the amendment, m the nature
of a substitute. It is to strike out the word " sev-
en" and insert" six."
Mr. COLE, of California. I am in favor of the
amendment of the gentleman from Maine, [Mr.
Blaine,] but upon entirely difierentgrounds, how-
ever, than those specified byhim. The pioposi-
tion 1 would have made was to strikeout the en-
tire section. That would leave the rate of mtuest
on the money which is issued by these banking
establishments under the control of the Slates re-
spectively. That, in my judgment, should be
done.
It is well known to all gentlemen here that in-
terest vanes in different localities. It is higher
in new countries than in old countries; and it is
j higher in America than in Europe; it is higher in
j the western States than in the Atlantic States; and
i it is higher west of the Rocky mountains than on
i this side. This is owing undoubtedly to the fact
! that persons seeking a new countiy go without
