306
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
anything to the support of the Government? Or
does theagricultural interest pay it all? I am not to
be deterred from the argument by this line of talk.
Ah! you are comfortable and cosy, gentlemen.
It is not so with the people that you and I, Mr.
Chairman, [Mr. Cox in the chair,] represent on
this floor.
Of course, on this question of sectionalism the
retort is very handy, so apparent to everybody,
so ready to every lip, that I do not condescend
to use it. The whole world will take notice with
what propriety anybody on that side of the Cham-
ber can talk of sectionalism, their party having
been built up on the idea of pure sectionalism for
more than thirty years past.
But,as I was going on to say when interrupted
by a friend, our people are deeply interested on
this question of high tariffs and high taxes. They
make long, hard days'work to the farmers of the
country; they wring the sweat from his brow.
The farmers of my district have sent me here to
look to their interests. The tariff law now on
the statute-book wrings from labor every dollar
that the manufacturer pays as a tax. Let mem-
bers on the other side meet that if they can. The
gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Morrill] says
that if 1 was well informed on this subjcct 1 would
not have made this statement. I have entire re-
spect for the gentleman from Vermont,and 1 beg
to assure him that, to the best of my limited abil-
ity, 1 have informed myself. Doubtless I have
not so vast a fund of information as he carries
about with him, but still what little I have 1 op-
erate with. I am not so large an operator as he
is. I do not belong to the Committee of Ways
and Means. But still I have looked into this
question with what intellect God has endowed me
with; and I tell the gentleman that! stand by my
statement. If it is nut true lot him make it man-
ifest. I am in quest of information. Let him
inform me on that point. Let him show me that
I am wrong, and 1 will acknowledge it. Let him
show to me that the plethoric, bloated manufac-
turers of New England are paying anything to
support the Government, and I will recognize it.
.Show mo that our people are not wrung day by
day and hour by hour, not meiely to support the
Government, but to support the manufacturers of
Now England, and 1 will acknowledge that, too.
1 make the assertion, and challenge proof of the
contrary.
Then comes this question of drawbacks. It is
not true, as the gentleman from Vermont has said,
that agnculture is not inteiested at all in that
question. Its interest in it is not very extensive,
I admit; but it has just this interest in it: that
what the Government pays back to these manu-
facturers in the shape of drawbacks makes a va-
cancy in I he public. Treasury which somebody
ha^ to fill up.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] asks me how I would raise a icvcnuc.
Better, far better, free trade and direct taxation
uccoiding to each man's wealth, in all sections
alike, than this discriminating policy by which
that gentleman's constituents grow rich and mine
grow poor. The tiue policy of government is to
bring the chcap markets of the world to our doors
by free trade. Let our people buy where their
money will buy most; and let a revenue for the
support of the Government be drawn equally
from the wealth of the country.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Chairman, I have not par-
ticipated in this debate to ariaign the gentleman's
patriotism at all, or to arraign his industry, but I
have paiticipated m it for the single purpose of
coireeling him in his statement. I say to the
gentleman that he is mistaken when he says that
his constituents are taxed to enrich us. I wish
the gentleman to tell me what amount of infernal
revenue his district pays. My own is a conntiy
district, and yet there are but two other districts
in the whole Union that pay so much internal
revenue to the Treasury of the United States as
my district pays; and not a dollar of it at the ex-
pense of his constituents. Every dollar of it comes
out of the pockets of my constituents. The State
of Massachusetts, the whole of New England,
pays, in proportion to its inhabitants, its lands
anil its pioperty, threefold what the gentleman's
constituents pay. Let the gentleman put Ins fin-
ger on the article. Is it the cloth he wears on his
jjseJrr I pay as njuch duty on it as he does. Is
it the cloth his neighbor wears? There is justas
much of it worn in my district as there is m his.
Mr. VOORHEES. Let me interrupt the gen-
tleman.
Mr. DAWES. Do not use up my time.
Mr. VOORIIEES. Very well; I will not in-
terrupt the gentleman if he does not wish it.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Chairman, there is noth-
ing which the gentleman's.constituents consume
which is not consumed by my constituents, ex-
cept it may be whisky. [Laughter.] In every-
thing that pertains to the consumption of the coun-
try, my district consumes as much as his does,
just in proportion to the number of inhabitants in
my district as to those in his. They are about
equal in that respect. My constituents pay three
per cent, upon every product of their hands, and
they pay from three to five per cent, upon the top
of that upon every dollar that they make.
i asked the gentleman, when I was up before,
whether lie would go with me for a direct tax
upon every foot of soil and every dollar of stock,
cattle, and everything of that kind. If he will go
for that, so will all ofNew England. So will every
member here from New England. When we
struggled for that during the last Congress we en-
countered the gentleman and the combined mem-
bers of the Northwest, who are now complaining
against that only just and proper method of tax-
ing dollar by dollar. But they taxed the industry
of the country, and my constituents, being more
industrious than the gentleman's, are obliged to
pay more into the Treasury. That is all. The
gentleman's language about free trade and direct
taxation he borrows from those who are now ar-
rayed in war against the Government. They are
in active, open hostility against the Government.
The gentleman's measure—I do not mean to say
that it is so intended—is in direct conflict with the
Government here at home. The only difference
between them is, that the one is avowed as in-
tended for that purpose and the other has that effect.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the committee
rise for the purpose of closing debate.
Mr. BROOKS. I hope not.
The committee refused to use.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I renew the
amendment of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Vooiuiles.]
Mr. Chairman, I have renewed the amendment
for the purpose of replying in some measure to
the com plaint urged by gentlemen fiom the North-
west on the othei side of the House in behalf of
the Northwest. They have united m what may
be considered a very general denunciation of the
revenue laws upon which iheGovernment is tode-
pend for laising the means to carry on the war and
to put down the rebellion. Having voted in the
last Congress for all of these measures, I intend
during this Congress to vote for all those which
may be necessary to effect that object. I, too,
propose to say a word for the Northwest.
Mr. HARRINGTON. What is the question
before the committee?
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment offered
by the gentleman from Illinois, and to which he is
now speaking.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Mr. Chair-
man, the gentleman spoke to the same amendment,
and I hope that he will not inteiiupt me. I &ay,
sir, that I intend to vote in this Congress for every
measure to raise sufficient revenue to enable the
Government to put down this rebellion. I am
willing to take that responsibility. I shall ever
be willing to defend the votes which I gave in the
last Congress upon those measures, and those I
shall give this Congress.
Sir, it has been alleged here that we in the North-
west are suffering more than any other part of the
country fiom the operation of the revenue laws.
I speak for one portion of the Northwest, and 1
tell the gentleman from Indiana that whatever
complaint there may be from his district in regard
to the operation of the laws for raising revenue,
there is no complaint from the loyal district which
I have the honorto represent. The people there
are not only willing to stand taxation which we
have already imposed, but are willing to stand
any additional taxation which may be neccssary
to crush out this rebellion, and to hang the rebels
in the South and the rebel sympathizers of the
North.
Complaint has been made against New Eng-
land. 1 know that kind of talk I have heard too
often that kind of slang about New England. I
heard ithere for ten years, when your Barksdales,
and your Keitts, and your other traitors now in
arms against the Government filled these Halls
with their pestilential assaults not only upon
New England, but on the free North generally.
Sir, I am not for leaving " New England out in
the cold," nor am I willing that any other State
of this Union shall ever be left out in the cold. I
am for any revenue bill that will raise money
enough to vigorously carry on the war to crush
treason and rebellion and bring back into the fold
of the Union every State that has rebelled against
the flag, and that by subjugation if it be neces-
sary. I undertake to say the people of Illinois are
for such a revenue measure, and that they will
chcerfully pay all taxes assessed upon them.
Where was the gentleman from Indiana in the
last Congress? When it was proposed to open a
great channel of communication, so that the prod-
ucts of his constituents and my own could be
speedily and cheaply carried to distant markets,
thus advancing the price to be paid to the pro-
ducers and lessening it to the consumers, where
was the gentleman and his friends in the Noith-
we&t ?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. VOORHEES. I beg pardon of the com-
mittee for my repeated appearance upon the floor.
Everybody will bear witness that I speak but sel-
dom and always with reluctance. I wish to call
the attention of the committee to this pqint: what
has the gentleman said who has just taken his seat?
What argument has he made? Has hemetany-
thing; has he proved anything; has he disproved
anything? Is a speech of that kind to be consid-
ered as an answer to any fact or argument? I
stand here arguing this bill before the committee.
I stand here making assertions and proving facts
which the gentleman dare not deny, and does he
suppose I will accept a spread-eagle affair of five
minutes long as an answer to the remarks I have
made upon the material interests of the people I
repiesent?
Why, sir, such an argument, such an attempt
at argument, such a speech does not rise high
enough to reach an honest man's contempt. Now
I call these gentlemen back to the point. They
donotanswer; they do notdeny; they rant. They
say the Union will be restored. I think, too, it
will be, but it will be after such men as the gen-
tleman from Illinois and those who act with him
have been consigned to oblivion, and when the
honest sentiment of the people who love this Union
with all its laws shall have gamed the ascendency
in the country. If they suppose for one moment
that the Democratic members and the conserva-
tive membersupon thisfioor are to be intimidated
from discussion by loud talk and high-sounding
sentences, they have got to learn us over again.
Meet argument with aigument. We will strip
your position of this fustian, and leave it naked
before the country.
Attack New England ! Who has attacked New
England? I have not. I have not asked that she
should be kept out in the cold. Indeed, she shall
notgo out, as she takes a notion to once in a while.
But when a paity in power, be it New England,
New York, or anybody else, puts its one hand
upon our throats and the other hand m our pock-
ets, and asks us to keep still while the robbery
goes on, shall we not be allowed the poor privi-
lege of crying out in our agony ?
The gentleman says his constituents are not
suffering. Let him speak for them. I think, how-
ever, in that he is mistaken if he represents an
Agricultural district. He says, too, his district is
loyal. I should scorn myself if I replied to such a
remark. I suppose it is loyal. 1 do not attack
it, and until an attack upon my district comes in
some other shape than by such a puerile insinua-
tion, I shall not defend if upon this floor.
A word more. The gentleman says I opposed
a great measure for the benefit of the Northwest
last Congress—alluding to the celebrated canal
scheme in which the gentleman was so much
wrapped up. The distinguished chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means [Mr. Stevens]
from Pennsylvania did the same. For once our
disloyal heads upon this side are sheltered by the
broad sescis of the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. He was not
from the Northwest, however.
Mr. VOORHEES, That is true; but I sup-
