1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2329
aforesaid, its first mortgage bonds in sums of $1,000 each,
payable in thirty yeais after date, bearing six pel cent, per
annum interest, payable in gold or silver com semi-annually,
in the city of New York, to the amount of twenty-four of
such bonds for each mile of its railroad east of the said east-
ern base of the Rocky mountains. For each miie of its rail-
road lying between said eastern base of the Rocky mount-
ains and the western boundctiy line of the present Terri-
tory of Nevada, said company may make and execute, as
aforesaid, its first mortgage bonds in sums of $1,000 each,
payable in thirty years after date, bearing six per cent, per
annum interest, payable as aforesaid, in the following
amounts, to wit, nmety-six of such bonds for each mile
from said eastern base of the Rocky mountains, for one
hundred and fifty miles westwardly on the line ofthe said
railroad ; and ninety-six of such bonds tor each mile upon
that part of the said railroad which shall he within the
Territory of Nevada, and winch shall fall within the dis-
tance of one hundied and fifty miles castwaidly from the
western ba'.e of the Sierra Nevada mountains, if any part
of said one hundted and fitly miles shall be found to lie
within said Teiritoryof Nevada; which western base *hall
be ascertained and fixed by the President of the United
States. And for each mile of railioad lying between the
western end of the said mountain district of one hundred
and fifty miles fiom the eastern base ot the Rocky mount-
ain* and the western boundary line of said Teiritoryof
Nevada, or the eastern end of said mountain district of one
bundled and titty miles iroin the western base of the Sierra
Nevada mountains, if any part of said last named distinct
shall be tound to lie within the Territory of Nevada, said
company may make, execute, and issue as aloresaid its
first mortgage bonds, in like sums payable as aforesaid with
the like rate of interest payable as aforesaid, foitv-eight of
said bonds for each mile of railroad. And in case it shall
be found that said Nevada mountain district of one hun-
dred and fifty miles shall lie wholly or m part in the State
of California, the proper company may, tor each mile of
railroad on its line lying between said western base of the
Sierra Nevada mountains and the eastern bouudaiy line of
California, make, execute, and is*ue in manner aforesaid
its corporate mortgage bonds m iike sums, payable as afore-
said, with the same rate ot interest, payable as afoiesaid,
to the amount ot ninety-six of said bonds. The bonds so
to be made and issued by said Union Pacific Railroad ConT-
pany shall have pioper and usual mterestcoupons attached
tlieieto, payable m said city of New York semi-annually
in gold or silver com.
Sec. 9. And he it further enacted, That said Union Pa-
cific Raihoad Company, further to secuie the payment of
all s>uch bonds, 5hall, at ihe time of making and executing
the first bond or bonds under this act. make and execute a
mougage or deed of trust, in such manner and lorm as the
President of the United Stales and the Secietaty of the
Ticasury shall approve, embracing all and singular the
whole line of said lailroad and telegraph, the right of way
thereof, the rolling stock, buildings, fixtures, and appurte-
nances of every kind and desenption, all franchises, and
all lailroad pmperty of =aid company, acquired or to be
acquired, except the lands gianted by said original act or
by tins act as alternate sections, which lands, so far an not
embraced m the right of way, '•ball be unaffected by said
mortgage. Such mortgage, before it shall become opera-
tive, shall be approved by the Piesident of the United
States and the Secretary of the Treasuiy, who «ball in-
dorse their approval thereon j and the same shall he and
remain a secuuty for the holders of said bonds or of said
coupons, so tar as they shall be respectively entitled to
piincipal or intercut thereon ; and a duplicate ofsaid mot t-
gage shall be deposited and hied in the office of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury; and said mortgage shall also be regis-
tered and recorded in the proper office of the registet or
recorder of conveyances of land jn eveiy county and city
m which any part of the line of said railroad shall lie, so
soon a** such county or city shall by law be provided with
such office, but at the expense of paid company; and such
legislation or recording shall have the ollect ot notifying
all third persons of the fact of the existence of said mort-
gage. Said company may make and issue other bonds,
mortgages, or deed* of tiu-t, in such terms, niannei, and
fonn as it shall deem expedient, upon any of its properly,
and may is-ue and sell the same at any puce cfi late that
may seem good to the board of directors; but no sueh
bond or bonds shall bear a greater late of mteiest than
seven per- cent, per annum, payable semi-annually, nor
i-hall such bond or bonds, oi mortgage, or any other in-
cumbrance made by said company, in any way affect the
prionty of the first mortgage and fn-amoi tgage bonds, and
interest thereon, hciembetoie provided loi; and m such
other bond-, montages, or deed* of truT, the aforesaid
first moitgayje and bonds shall be expressly referred to, so :
that the holdei theieof may t>e notified ot the existence of
said first nioiteage and bond".
Sec. 10, Jind bcitjuithei enacted, That for the purpose of
aiding said companv m the construction, completion, and i
equipment of said railroad and teh'gMph line trom the ini-
tial point on the said one hundredth degree of west longi-
tude to its western point of termination on the western
boundaiy of the Terutoiv of Nevada, such first mortgage
bond" of said Union Pacific Railroad Company uiaybepio-
ducpd to th'* Sect etai \ ot the'Proa-nii v of the United Stales;
and upon the presentation to him of the certificates of the
said eonimissionets of the completion and equipment as
herein requiied of an) of the portions of foity mile*-- or
twenty nnles. a« the ease may be. orof consecutive portions
exceeding tho«« poitioti« m length, the Secretary of the
Treasuiy shall indorse upon oach and eveiy of such fiist
motttM e bonds undei his hand the «uaiautee of the United
States of the payment of the interest ?h ('icon, in the follow-
ing woids, namely: '-The United States hereby under-
take and asroe with the lawful holder of the within bond
to pay the hi-t year's mteien aecuing thereon, as a gra-
tuity to the Union Pacinc llaihoad Company, the obluioi ;
and'to pay the interest aeeiumg thereon forthe-mbM-quern
nineteen years, immediately upon default of sueh payment
by *aid obligor.1' The said*ceiUhcates of completion shall
immediately be deposited and filed in the office of said Sec-
retary of the Tiuasury, and be iheie kept and picservcd.
The Secretary of the Treasury shall cause all the bonds so
guarantied to be registered in a proper book to be kept in
his office for that purpose, m which their tespeetive dates,
amounts, numbers, and the names of persons to whom made
paj able shall be enteied ; and thereupon such bonds shall be
delivered to said company, their authorized agent, or to the
lawful holdertuid owner thereof. And said Secretary shall
note upon each of said bond* the certificate under which the
same is issued by proper numbers or other distinct mode of
identification: Pro tided, That whenever the chief engineer,
the president and the secietary of said company shall cer-
tify on their oaths, to be administered by any judge of a
court of record, that a certain part, to be described with
certainty, not lese than five consecutive miles, of the work
for the superstructure on any section of twenty consecutive
miles within either of the said mountain districts, east of
the western boundary of theTerntory of Nevada, has been
fully done and completed, the company shall be entitled to
like bonds, of the tenor aforesaid, subject to all the provis-
ions of this act, at the rate per mile fixed for said districts;
such cei tificates to be previously deposited and filed m the
office of the Secretary of the Treasury. And thereupon
such bonds shall he indorsed, registeied, and delivered as
afoiesaul, and shall be taken and deemed to be of the num-
ber ot the bonds, but not to exceed that numbei, hereinbefore
stipulated to be guarantied by the United States for the
section of twenty miles within winch they may fall, and to
be treated in ail respects as it they had'beeri guarantied
upon the presentation ot the certificates of said commission-
ers. And any peison swearing iaHely to any such certifi-
cate shall be deemed guilty of peijury, and on conviction
thereof shall be punished as herein "piovided in casps of
commissioners making or signing false or fraudulent cer-
tificates : Provided, nevertheless. That if it is the case that
any of the railroad companies entitled to the guarantee
ot the United States of the interest upon its eorpoi mc bonds,
herein provided foi, has at the time of the approval of this
act issued, ot shall thereafter is-ue, any of its own bonds
or secuimes m such fonn and manner as in law or equity
to entitle the same to priority or preference of payment to
the said guarantied bonds, the amount of «uch corporate
bonds outstanding and unsatisfied,or uncanceled,shall be
deducted fiom the amount of Mich guniantied bonds to
which the company may be entitled; and such an amount
only of such guarantied'bonds shall be pmmitted a<, added
to such outstanding, unsatisfied, or uncanceled bonds of
the company, shall make up the whole amount pei mile to
which the company would othnwi-o have been entitled:
Provided, That on the suireml'-r of any sueh cotpmate
bonds to the United States in such manner as to leave any
section of railroad and telegiaph, continuous and com-
pleted, and equipped, as icquired by this act, entncly tree
and clear of such prior lien or mortgage, the company shall
he entitled to receive in their stead the aforesaid guaran-
tied bonds to the same amount as if such corporate bunds
had not been issued; and the bonds or other securities so
surrendered shall remain a security to the United States
for the reimbursement of the mteiest they ma) pay oil such
guarantied bonds issued in their stead: Jind -provided fur-
ther, That before any bonds shall be so guarantied by the
United States the company claiming them shall present to
theSecietaiy of the TteaMiiy an affidavit of the president
and secietaty of the company, to be sworn to before tin:
judge or a couu ot rccoid, settnm forth whether *aid com-
pany has i>sued any such bond-. or sectuilies, and if so,
particularly describing the *ame, so as to enable: said Sec-
ietaty to make the deduction heiem required; and such
affidavit shall then be filed and depo-ited m the office of
the Seeretaiy of the listener. And any peison swelling
falsely to any such affidavit shall be deemed guilty ot per-
jury, and on conviction theteof shall be punished as afore-
said.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That in case of the !
nonpayment of any portion of the interest of said guaran- i
tied bonds by Ihe said Union Pacific Raihoad Company, at
the time and place the same shall be due and payable for |
the said nineteen yeais, the United States shall be deemed i
to have mil notice ot such default, and the lawful holder
of the bond0 or coupons shall not be bound to give them !
any actual notice of such default orto make any demand, i
But it shall be the duty of said company, in case ot its pros- j
peetivc inability to pay any >uch imeiest falling due within j
that period, to notitj the Secietarv of the Tiea-ury in writ- 1
mg, at biast three months bcfoiethe interest shall fall due, }
ot such inability and of us intention to omit its payment. !
On tlx* payment In the United States of ;niv interest on I
said bonds >,0 2uatauti"d by them, the pioper coupons there- j
fot, or other evidence of such payment, -<ha.ll be deliveied j
to the Seeietai j ot the Tieu-my, who -hall hold the same f
tor the u-e and benefit of the United States; and such in- j
toiest, and the interest thereon at the rate of six per cent. \
per annum, shall al-o be and remain a hen on all the prop-
el ty cmbiaeed m said tu-t mortgage in favor of the United
States, who, as to the mteiest so paid by them, and such
intere-t thereon, (except the said one year's mteiest,) shall
be held to be sublimated to all the lights and equities of
the original bondholder or bondholder.
Skc. J'2. And he it further enacted, That the grants of
land mentioned m said aet. the giants made and the tfuar-
anti e trivcnby the present aet. ai  upon the condition and
with the intent thai said company shall pay <aid bond- and
the mt'-rest theieon as the -.imi' 11 fall due. (except i!i it
the Umled State-, aie to pay the fi: t yeai '■? interest Ms afote-
srudand -hall keep saul ra.lioad and telegiaph line- m
repair and u-e, and -hall at all tunes transmit di-patch^s
ovet their telegiaph lines, and tinnsport mails, troop.-, mu-
unions of war, supplier, and public stores upon then rail-
road- for the Goveinnient whenevoi nquned so to do by
any Depaitment the-eof, and that the (rovetnment shall at
till times have the pic lercnce m the n°e of the same ti>r ail
the pu i prises at oi es.ud, at fair and icasonable rates ot com-
pensation. nor, to exceed the amounts paid by private pai-
rtes foi the same service ; and one halt ot' the compensa-
tion foi the service- rendered for the (ioverrnnem «bal] be
applied to the reoaymcnt ot the interest it may pay upon
said tfuatamted bonds, the balance of Mich lnteie-a to ie-
mam a mortgage oi hen as uioier-aid ; and on the conditnm
and with the intent, tuithei, that said compuny shall keep
faithful and true accounts of all the receipts upon their
lines of road and telegraph, and shall, after deducting all
the expenses of running and operating ^aid lines, apply
the balance of such receipts toward the payment of the in-
terest on said bonds; and that no dividend exceeding five
per cent, on their stock shall be paid until the United States
shall have been reimbursed in gold or silvei coin, and such
services, for all payments of interest under said guarantee
and the said interest thereon.
leavenworth, pawnee, a.nd western railroad com-
pany.
Sec. ltt, Jind beit further enacted, That, for the purposes
herein mentioned, the corporation created and chartered
by the State of Kansas as the Leavenworth, Pawnee, and
Western Railroad Company, is hereby authorized to con-
struct a railroad and telegraph line trom the Missouri river
at the mouth of the Kansas river, on the south side theieof.
so as to connect with the Pacific railroad of Missouri to
the aforesaid initial point on the one hundredth degree of
longitude from Greenwich, us heiuin provided. And for
and in aid of such puipose the said company may do and
perfotm,in reference to ifs said road, and the construction,
equipment, maintenance, and enjoyment thereof all and
singular the several acts and things hereinbefore provided,
authoiizcd, or granted to be done by the said Union Pacific
Railroad Company, and shall be entitled to similar and like
grants, benefits, immunities, guarantees, acts, and things
to be done and performed by the Government of the United
States, by the President of the United States, the Secre-
taries of the Treasury and of the Interior, or by commis-
sioners, in reference to it and its line of laihond and tcle-
gra ph; and subject to the like terms, conditions, restrictions,
and regulations hereinbefore contained relating to said
Union Pacific Railroad Company, so far as such terms,
conditions, restrictions, and regulations are applicable to
and consistent with the charter of said Leavenwoith, Paw-
nee, and Western Railroad Company as the said charter
now is or may hereafter be, and with the laws of the State
of Kansas, and so far as such term1-, condition®, restric-
tions, ami regulations relate to that ponionof the Union
Pacific iailroad and telegiaph line between said initial point
and .-aid eastern base of the Rocky mountains And in
case the geneial route or line ot road from the Missouri
river to the Rocky mountains should be so located as to
require a departure uoithwardly liom the proposed line of
saul Kansas uuhoad before it icaches the meiidian of longi-
tude aforesaid, the location ot said Kansas load sdiall be
made so as to conloim thereto; and said uuhoad through
Kansas --hull be «-o located between the month of the Kan-
sas 11voi us afoiesaul and the at'oi es.ud point, on the one
hundredth meiidian ot longitude, that the several railroads
ttom Missouri and Iowa, hciem authorized to connect with
the same, can make connection within the limits pieseiibed
in this aef: Piocided, That the same can be done without
deviating from the general direction of the whole line to
the Pacific coa-,t. The route in Kansas west ot the meri-
dian of Fort Riley to the aforesaid point, on the one hun-
dredth meridian of longitude, to be subject to the approval
of the President of the United State*, and to bo determined
by ban on actual survey. And said Kansas company may
proceed to build said railroad to the afoie-viid point, on the
one hundredth meridian of longitude west fiom GteenwiUi.
The said Kansas company shall complete ami equip not
less than one bundled miles of its said laihoad and tele-
graph within two years from the time ot filing their absent
to the provision* of the act of winch this is an amendment,
and one hundred miles thereof each year thereafter until
the whole shall be completed, commencing at the mouth
of the Kansas river as aloresaid.
hannibal and st. joseph railroad company.
Sec. 14. Jbu! be it further enacted, Thar, for the pur-
poses herein mentioned, the Hannibal and St. Joseph Kail-
load Company of Missouri is hereby authorized to extend
its road Itoui St. Joseph via Atchison, so as to connect
and unite with said lailroad tluough Kansas; and m aid of
such puipose-.aid Hannibal and  t. Joseph Company may
do and peifoi m, m reference to such extension ot its said
railroad, and the construction, equipment,maintenance,
and enjuyment thereof, all and singular the seveial acts and
t!un«s herembctore provided, authorized, or gianted to be
done by the said Union Pacific Railroad Company; and shall
be entitled to similar and likegiants, benefits, immunities,
guaranties, acts and things, to be done and pei formed by
the Government of the United States, by the President ot
the United States, the Secretaries of the Tieasury and of
the Intel lor, or by commie-'ioners, in reference to it and its
extension of its said line of railroad and telegraph ; and be
subject to the like terms, condition-, restrictions, and reg-
ulations hereinbefore contained, relating to -aid Union Pa-
cific llaihoad Company, so far as such temis, conditions,
rest net ions, and icgulai ions arc applicable to and consistent
with the charter of said Hannibal and St. Joseph Rail-
road Company, as the said charter now i< oi may hereafter
be, and with the laws of the State of Kansas, and so fai as
such tonus, condition":, restrn tions. and regulations iclate.
to that poilion ot the Union L\u inc railroad and t< b-^mph
line between said initial point am! -aid eastet n base of the
Rockv mountain*. Ami the -aid Hannibal and St. Jo-
seph Rulnud Company shall complete not less than one
hundi ed mih s «f it*- t-unl ex ten-ion, m -nen poit u<n there-
of as the -aid company shad deiciimne to biHd and shall
be necessaiy to r fleet a junction with said Kan-as ruihoad,
within two >ear- after fdmg its assent to the provisions of
tins aet. The ionic and loeation ot said extension lioni
Atchison shall be subject to the uppioval os the Pie-idcnt
of the United States; and -Mid Hanmbal and St. Joseph
Railroad Company may unite, upon .sueh tcims as may be
agteed upon with -aid Kansas company, in constructing
sai-i uuiroad and hlejiaph to said niendian of longitude,
with the consent ot ihe rttate ot Kansas. Fioixded, That
it s.ud II ai 111 i h;> 1 cud St h> eph Railioad Company shall
deem it de-uuhie a may < onstmct said extension, with
the eoiisci't of tile State of Jvam-a-\ on the most dueet and
piac Ueable route we-t from St. Jo-eipb, Mis-ouii, «o as to
eonnect and unite With the railroadheiemaftei mentioned,
loading from the western boundary of Iowa, or with the
