1864.
THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE,
307
pose he is loyal. As to the Northwest, I have
never been able to appreciate the tangible benefits
it would derive from that gigantic scheme of what
I have always conceived to be simply a scheme
of public plunder. 1 looked upon it as a great
system to feed a loathsome swarm of luirpies
upon the national Treasury. No .such measure
ever had and never shall have my sanction. I
stand here to defend my course upon that subject
whenever it is assailed.
But this is aside from the point. Come back
to the issue; come back to the high tariff; come
back to the matter of taxation. Yuu shall not
escape from it befoie the country. The soldier
of loyal, patriotic heart, the soldier upon the field,
who pays fifty or sixty cents a yaid for muslin
to wiap his wasted body in, shall know to whom
he makes that payment. The manufacturer robs
him. His interest is identical with the farmer.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WILSON. I renew the amendment.
Mr. Chairman, I had not intended to engage in
this discus&ion at all until 1 heard the remarks
of cutKin gentlemen upon the oibtr side of the
House, who have assumed to" speak for the great
Northwest. Now, sir, 1 do not know how it may
bo with the^constituents ofthe gentleman from In-
diana, [Mr. Vooriiees.] I do not know but that
they arc all complaining of the burdens necessa-
rily imposed upon the people by the existence of
this war. I do not know but that his constituents
desire to'have the men replaced in powet to whom
the gentleman refers. He says, restore the power
of this Government to them and we will have
pcaoe, the Union iestored, and prospeuty again
brought back to the land. Does the gentleman
foiget, and do his constituents forget, that under
the last Administration, which his friends helped
to power, tins lebelhon was organized, and that
the men who controlled that Admimstiation are
now the men who control the rebel government at
Richmond ? Do his constituents want those men
n placed in power? Do they desiie again such an
Administration as James Buchanan's, the last
sample the gettieman and his fiiemis have given
to the country and to the wmld ?
But, sir, I do not wi<di to enter into this gen-
eiit! discussion. I wish to come to the practical
phast s of the question, and I should like to have
the gentleman from Indiana inform this House
how^it is that the Northwest is compelled to pay
a greater proportion of the taxes imposed upon
the petfple than the people of the East' Can the
gentleman from Indiana inform this House that
the people of his distiict in the aggregate pay
nunc taxes than the people in the district of the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes']
If not, sir, the ar umi nt is against the gentleman
from Indiana. You must measure it by districts,
for we all represent portions of the country em-
bracing about the same population. The men m
my district wear just about the same amount of
cotton and woolen goods that the men in the dis-
trict of the gentleman from Massachusetts do.
They pay their propoition of the tax upon the
amount of cotton and woolen goods consumt d as
do the constituents of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts. There is no difference between us in
tins r< gard.
But the gentleman from Indiana would have us
believe that because cotton and woolen goods have
11sen m price, the people of t he West have to pay
the increased price; and therefore that the buiden
of taxation is imposed upon them to the exclu-
sion of the people ofiNew England. Why,sii, dots
not the gentleman know that the agneukuial peo-
ple ofthe Northwest aie to-day receiving higher
pi ices for their agricultural products than they
have' ever received before? i hold itl my hand a
paper containing the matket report of Chicago.
1 find that m<'ss poik i* blinking fiom $19 50 to
twenty dollais per bairel. Can the gentleman
from Indiana tell me at what time in the histoiy
of the country a like amount was paid foi mess
poik? I find also that wheat, instead of being at
a dollar a bushel, as stated by the gentleman from
Indiana, is at $1 18 to $3 20 per bushel. I find
further, that hogs in the Chicago market bring
from £6 GO to £7 HO perewt. Does not that show
that while the manufactured aitides produced by
New England haw; increased in price, the farm-
ers of the North west have also an increased price
placed upon tin lr products? Doesnotthatequahze
I it? Does not New England consume ouragricul-
I tural products2 Do not they depend upon us for
, the articles of food without which their laborers
1 could not work in theii fivtones? They pay us
I an increased price for the food we furnish them,
| and in that way pay back theamount of tax which
I we ofthe West pay upon their articles of manu-
{ facture/ The increased price of the articles man-
! ufactured in Massachusetts is distributed through-
] out the whole country, but the increased price of
j western products is not distubuted between the
West and the Northeast as the increased price of
New England manufactures isdistributcd between
the East and the West; and for this reason: wc
raise nearly all the food that the East consumes,
and therefore they are paying back to us all the
tax which we are required to pay.
[Here the hammer fill.]
Mr. GRINNELL. Mr. Chairman, I would not
presume to intrude myself upon the committee at
this time, but for the fact that I live in the Noi th-
west, from which complaints have come fiom the
#othci side, and am a farmer. 1 am not ashamed
; to avow upon this floor that 1 am a farmer; neithci
I am 1 a city farmer. I went out miles from any
[ house or road to become a farmer; and 1 stand
; here in my place to dispute the asserted facts and
, philosophy of those gentlemen who have lisen to
] speak for the farmeis ofthe Noithwest. 1 can
' tell them that they are not only against the Gov-
ernment, but against the country—they are legis-
lating for Manchester, Birmingham, and Leeds,
and not for the manufactuiing and producing in-
terests of this country.
Sir, we are the producers of pork and wheat
and coin and cattie and wool, and if we can bring
the consumers of those articles nearer to us we
enhance their value. How is it when there is a
sin plus > Why j sir, the value of these products
depends upon the nearness and accessibility of
the maikct, and if there was only a foreign mar-
ket, the value of our pioducts would be propor-
tionately decieased, for we must pay the ocean
tian>pi>rtation. Now we have a near niaiket, a
home mail<et,und a hi^b maikct; ami I would
rather build up Lowell and Lynn and Adam^and
Unea and Chicago and Cincinnati, than build Up
Manchester and Btimingham and Leeds, foi;the
great consumers are neai us, on our own soil—our
countrymen. It is fiom this fact, that we have
good customeis here, that 1 would bi nig New Eng-
land nearer to us, that 1 am in favor of encouraging
domestic manufactures. By them we supply the
mai kets of the East and We&t indies, of Mexico
and South America, with cotton and other manu-
factured goods. The vessels which go out there
laden with our pt oduCLS, i( tm n with the pi oducts
of those countiics, and these we get cheaper
through building up that trade by ships.
But, Mr. Chairman, all the manufactuiing of
this country is not to be done m jNew England,
nor m New Yoi k m the future. No good friend of
the Northwest would strike it down. The buM-
ness of manufactui nig is> tiavehng westward , and
when wr. have seeuied a- national currency and the
interest on money ig equalized, giving us lower
rates, we shall have manufactoiics established on
the Mississippi river, on the iowa river, and on
the Des Moines, and other rivers ofthe West.
Besides, it is a well-known fact in the history of
the movements of the arts and manufactures that
they move constantly toward the coal-measures,
and follow thnftand population; and we havecoal
enough m the State of Iowa,easily mined, to sup-
ply the wot Id. Shall I as a farmer vote to de-
press manufacturing? No, we expect to bung
consumeis, artisans, and capital to our praine
ho mes.
The gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Vooriiels,]
as 1 listened to him last year, was threatening us.
His party was to leave the school-houses and the
mills "out in the cold." lie has changed his
tone since then. He does not threaten anyone
now—elections have been held sinci-— hut he talks
about the povetty ofthe Northwest, and of un-
equal taxation. Let him not speak for my dis-
trict. We are a new State and make no plea of
poverty. I say the Northwest never was more
prosperous than it is now. We are sad and suf-
, fering by the absence of ourmen. Weonly want
[ to have our biave soldiers back, and a. free, united
| country. We want men upon our lands. We
! want uu improved system of immigration to bring
laborers there where there is great and good room,
and then there will be no limit to our prosperity.
Sustain labor on our own soil, and- 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. G 11INNELL. I w ithdraw the amendment.
Mr. J. C. 4.LLEN. 1 renew it. 1 do so, Mr.
Chairman, for the purpose of answering the re-
marks ofthe gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Wilson,]
who first spoke on this question. 1 think he is
mistaken about the prices of farm produce in the
West, his true that pork is quoted at twenty-
two dollais in Chicago; but the enhancement in
pi ice has taken placc since the article has gone into
the bands of the speculators. I know that farmers
and small grazieis of Illinois have only got six
dollars and £6 25f«>rtheirpork. Besides, the gen-
tleman forgets that that price does not represent
what it founerly represented, inasmuch as pay-
ment is made m depreciated currency.
Mr. WILSON. Does not that argument apply
to th^manufacturei's of New England as well as
to the farmers ofthe West?
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. It is known to the gen-
tleman, if he knows anything about the agricul-
tural products of the West, that wheat which a
few years ago brought $1 25 a bushel in all the
markets of the Mississippi valley, is not worth
more than that now in a depreciated currency.
It is true that the article of corn bears an exorbi-
tant price, but that is the lesult of a partial failure
of the crop. Cattle are not worth as much as they
were then by at least thirty per cent. Beef does
not command as much as it did for years past;
and y< t we are told that farmers are receiving com-
pensation equal to what they received heretofore.
It is not so, because many articles of manufactured
goods that they pay for cost three hundred per
cent, more than they cost before the commence-
ment of tin's war. On every ax that the woodman
uses he pays a premium of thirty or forty cents; on
every pound ofcoffee that his family uses, he pays
three hundred percent, more than he used to pay.
So it is wall cotton and woolen fabrics. Three dol-
lars to-day is not worth more than a dollar was
then; and yet, in the face of these facts, the gen-
tleman from Iowa, representing, as he says, an
agru'ultuial inieiest, has the boldness to stand up
and tell us that the farmers were leceiving com-
pensation equal to what they received heretofore.
No, sir. Jn consequence of the depieciation of
the curiency, in consequence of (he increased
price of manu fac tuied goods, in consequence of the
inciea;>ed juice of tianspoitudon and increase in
the price of labor, they are not receiving as much
as they received before. Are we to be told, then,
that the farmers of the West aie not suffering;
and are we to be. denounced when we ask that the
speculators of New England or of anywhere else
shall be compelled to pay feheir proportionate shaie
of the burdens of the people? Is there any justice
or equity in exempting them from the payment
of this two cents pel pound on cotton? 1 think
not. 1 make these lemarksin behalf of the com-
munity which I lepreyent, and I presume it will
not be charged with disloyalty.
Why, my loyal friend from the Galena district
is a constituent of mine, the President ofthe Uni-
ted States is a constituent of mine, as well as
Geneial Grant, the hero ol the piesent war.
i hope that I may not be charged with disloy-
alty in making the foregoing t< marks. I made
them because I believe that the buidens of the
tax bill of this Congtess bore too heavy upon the
West, and that unless wc guaid our western in-
terests the buiden of taxation under this bill will
fall upon our agricultural people.
[Here the hammet fell.]
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Chairman, I have not
heard what struck me as being the proper word
of reply, capable of being expressed m a fivu-min-
utes' speech, to the aigument of the member fi om
Indiana. He gave us a pretty, indeed a some-
what striking paraphrase of the argument of Mr.
Lamar, the rebel agent, to his confreres in trea-
son, as we find it in the recently published cap-
tured correspondence. Diive gold coin out of the
country, and induce undue importation of foreign
products, so as to strike down the financial sys-
tem. You can have no further hope for foreign
recognition. It is evident the weight of arms is
against us; and it is clear that wc can only suc-
ceed by striking down the financial system of the
country. It was an admirable paraphrase of the
