ms
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
instructions of Mr. Lamar to the rebel agents in
the North.
He told as that a tariff wrings from labor its
hard earnings to the extent of the amount it adds
to the receipts of the Treasury. It is not so. A
five minutes' speech will not afford scope for ar-
gument. Let me, therefore, resorrto an illustra-
tion. The people of the Pacific slope, of Cali-
fornia, and Oregon, and Washington, and other
Territories, spend their lives in digging gold. The
people of the South before the breaking out of the
rebellion spent theirs in raising cotton. We of
the middle States raise grain, and so spend our
lives. We send our cotton to Manchester to be
spun; we send our grain to Manchester to feed
the laborers who spin and weave it; and we send
our gold to buy back enough of our cotton when
manufactured to clothe us. A yard of cloth in
Manchester will not buy a bushel of grain. A
bushel of grain will not buy a yard of cloth in the
far northwestern States. Transportation ^nland
and marine, taxes and almost consumes the laborer
and producer. Let us bring the laboiers of Eu-
rope hereby letting them know what our resources
and wants are. Gentlemen of Maryland, let us
tell them how rich your State is in coal and iron
and water-power. Let us add to thisinformation,
so invaluable to them, that you have determined
that you will emancipate your negroes, letting
them run free, and dam up your magnificent water-
power, and make it work for you and them.
Gentlemen of Kentucky,do you not wish a home
market for your great staples? Do you not wish
your immense deposits of coal and iron devel-
oped? Do you not wish to sec upon your river
banks and lines of railroads villages, towns, and
cities, school-houses, colleges, and churches ris-
ing as they have risen in New England? If you
do, will you not help forward American industry?
If this be done, and we proclaim to the laborers
of the world the wealth that abounds in your
midst, the wounds made by this wicked rebellion
will all soon be more than healed. Look at the
wealth of our Territories. In young; Colorado
men are already employed not only in agriculture
but in working native gypsum, oil, coal, iron,
lead, copper, silver, and gold, and universal free-
dom sheltering ail. Yes, if we wisely protect our
industry we will have emigrants fiorn all parts
of the woi Id come and by their labor add to the
value of land that now Ilea valueless because it in
uncultivated. Mines now undeveloped will yield
their stores, and the growing towns give untold
wealth to those who own the land. To realize
all this only requires that we judiciously sustain
the industry of the country.
The gentleman spoke ot afutuie oblivion in-
gulfing some men. Yes, sir, it will; but it will not
be the men wiio have honestly and courageously
stood by the count! y. " It will not be their chil-
dren who will pester future legislators to change
their names that their fate may not be linked with
the infamy oftheii traitorous ancestors. I remem-
ber that liie member from Indiana during the last
Congiess talked about those to whom the infamy
of this war would attach. .Sir, no infamy has
attached to a member on this side of the House.
No man who has stood by the country, the Hag,
and the soldieis who are so gloriously sustaining
both has been diiven from the lailrond cais by
indignan t patriot soldiei s I no more fear obiivion
for my coworkers on this floor than I fear socli
a burst of indignation fiom those whose patriot-
ism impels them to glory in xnciifjees made on
their counby's alrar, and who understand per-
fectly that the mei eased cost of the nceessanes of
life is but the price armed treason is compelling
them to pn£ lor the preservation of the unityami
Constitution of the country to which they are so
devoted.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr.STEVENS. I move that the committee rise.
Mr. VOOIiHEES. Let me say a woid.
Mr. STEVENS. Debate is exhausted on the
amendment, and everybody here is exhausted
with the debate. [Laughter.]
Air. VOORHEES. I desire to make a per-
sonal statement, and will not consume five min-
utes* time.
Mr. STEVENS. If debate is exhausted on
this amendment, I claim the right to mo Ye thai the
committee rise.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will recognize
the gentleman from Pennsylvania as soon as the
gentleman from Indiana concludes his remarks.
Mr. VOORHEES. I move to amend the sec-
tion by striking out the last word.
Mr. STEVENS. The pending amendmcntis
not disposed of yet.
Mr. VOORHEES. Then I have a right to
speak to it.
Mr. STEVENS. No, sir.
The CHAIRMAN. The vote will be taken
on it. •
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
Mr. VOORHEES. I move to amend by strik-
ing out the last word. I was told as I came in
just now that the member from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Kelley] was alluding to a circumstance widely
published over the country atthetime,and which
is peisonal to me, stating that I was thi'ust from
a train of cars by a party of soldiers. I am sat-
isfied that no person on this floorexcept the mem-
ber from Pennsylvania would ever have alluded
to a thing of that kind; but it having been alluded
to, I wish simply to state that it is utterly and un-
qualifiedly untrue. Not a word, letter, or syllable
was true of the statement as published. There
was not an offensive word spoken in my hearing,
by soldiersK)r any one else. I got off the cars at
the place to which I had taken my ticket, and
wheie I had an appointment that day to speak.
Only a word more. Nothing the gentleman
from Pennsylvania could say would call for an
answer from me, except, as in this case, the re-
port was circulated upon the responsibility of
some other and more respectable source than his
slanderous tongue.
Mr. STEVENS. I am opposed to the amend-
ment. I do not know what the amendment is,
but I am opposed to it. [Laughter.] I have
listened with some pleasure to this discussion,
because I know there are some young men here
who never heard this before, mit thirty years
ago I heard this subject discussed by the men now
in rebellion, with thatable man, Calhoun,at then-
head; and on the other side by Webster and
some other men nearly as able as any now here.
[Laughter.] 1 am sick of it now, and I move
that the committee rise.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agieed to.
Mr. BROOKS. I beg the gentleman to with-
draw his motion. I promise to renew it, and
also that I will not make a political speech, if he
will permit me in defense of my amendments to
slate some facts.
Mr. STEVENS. Certainly.
Mr. BROOKS. I had no idea, when I offered
a mere business amendment, that the politicians
on both sides of the House,especially from* the
East, West, and Northwest, would be in such a
commotion.
My proposition was to strikeout the two cents
allowed as drawback on manufactured goods ex-
ported, in the bill under consideration. 1 was for
a revenue: I was not only for the Government
raising a revenue, but forsupportmg the Admin-
istration in raising a revenue,ami I had but lutle
doubt, until the party bugle was sounded on both
sides of the House, that i should be able to ob-
tain a eonsidetation of the equity of the amend-
ment as a mete business matu r, without any
reference whatsoever to party politics,
1 have no idea, as the gentleman fiom Veimont
stated, that the duty of two cents per pound upon
cotton will prevent the expoitatiou of the auiele
of American manufactuie to foreign countues.
The American manufacturer is not only protected
m his cotton by a high tariff, but he js protected
now, oi was yesfeiday, by a premium on gold of
fifiy-<igbt or fifty-nine cents on tin; dollar, and
by an exchange of one hundred and seventy cents
or over on all foreign countries. I would enable
the A mei ican mau'ifactuier, if the duty were four
cents per pound, to make enoimous profits by
drawing bills of exchange upon his cotton ex-
ported to the East and to South America.
The principle, then, I lay down is, if you will
have a duty on cotton—a duty I regret now to see
laid—but if you will hoVe a duty on cotton, let it
be equal, let it be universal, let it reach the man-
ufacture! as well as the consumer; let it reach all
classes, agiiculturalists, commercial men, and
manufacturers.
While, therefore, 1 am in favor of giving the
Administration the revenue it needs, I stand up
here for equal rights and equal justice, and that
was the only object I had m proposing this amend-
ment. I had no idea of starting a party debate.
Mr. DAWES. I desne to ask the gentleman
from New York a question, which I put to all the
gentlemen from theNorthwest on the other sideof
the House, und which they have failed to answer.
I ask him if he will vote for a bill to tax the whole
estate of the country, dollar for dollar, at its val-
uation?
Mr. BROOKS. I will, with great pleasure.
Mr.DAWES. I will join thegentleman nuhat.
Mr. BROOKS. I think it is a duty that ought
to be raised upon the real estate equally through-
out the whole country, and 1 challenge the gen-
tlemen upon the other side of the House to in-
troduce and press a bill like that.
Mr. DAWES. I can only say to the gentle-
man that he will have New England entirely co-
operating with him, and I wish I could hope that
the Northwest would do so also.
Mr. STEVENS. I would say tcf the gentle-
man from New York that we did lay a direct tax
upon lands, but at the urgent request of the west-
ern States we suspended its operation for two
years.
Mr. BROOKS. I have nothing to do with the
controversy between the East and the West.
Mr. STEVENS. I know that, i merely men-
tion the fact.
Mr. BROOKS. 1 stated in my preliminary re-
marks that this tax on distilled spirits is a tax upon
the producers of corn and grain of from forty to
sixty cents a bushel,and I should have read from
the Chicago memorial to show—
" That the present high avetaged price of corn is not owing
to the demand for it us jooilfui man or unimal, nor for ex-
pnit, for the very plain fact that corn rannot I.e exported to
England (our only coiiMileralik;foreign consumer) except
at a los& of tony cent* per Uushul, which would In ins? down
tlje price to an average of seventy cent" per bu-hel." *
v " Showing, coneluv vein, that the present high
price of corn i~i joity cents pei bushel higher than un export
demand u ill warrant, than a food demand will warrant, than
I apotkoi href demand will vtninnt. •
, " Such being tin; cas c, tlx* inevitable le^ult arising fiom
! a cessation ot even one halt the capacity for distill nig would
| be n. decline on the piescnt price of corn of twenty to forty
i cent- per bushel, and on other irnun for food in proportion
| a*>conf<umptiouot it is decreased Oyreasonofan mei ea<,cdcon-
i sinnptwn of com, say piobuhly seven per cent, on pres-ent
i value*, or ten cents pen bushel.
j What I argued was that when we lay a tax of
[ forty or s-xty cents upon the producers'of corn
| and gram in theNorthwest, we should insistupon
I the manufactuier of cotton, in equal and exact
j justice, paying Ins two cents per pound, as all
I other consumers and producers to. I now,inac-
| cordance with my proguse, renew the motion that
| the committee do now rise.
| The motion was agreed to.
i So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
| icsumed the chair, Mr. Cox rupoited that the
j Committee of the Wholeon the stateof thcUwion
! had, according to order, had under consideration
! the stale of the Union generally, and particulaily
I bill of the House No. 122, to increase the internal
| ievenue,and for other purposes, and had come to
| no conclusion thereon.
i Mr. STEVENS moved that all debate in Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union on
the pending section of the bill under considei ation
be closed in one minute after the committee re-
sumes the consideration of the same.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I suggest now that, by unan-
imous consent, all debate be closed upon the sev-
enth section of the bill also.
Mr. WARD. I must object to that, as I have
an amendment to propose.
Mr. STEVENS. It doesnot preclude amend-
ments, but only debate.
Mr. WARD. I must object, for it would cur-
tail what I desiie to say.
COMMITTEE APPOINTED.
The SPEAKER announced that he had ap-
pointed the following joint committee on the part
of the House on the conduct and expenditures of
the war: Messrs. (ioocri, Julian. Odell, and
Loax.
The SPEAKER also announced that he had
appointed Mr. Blair, of Missouii, a member of
tho Committeeon Military Affairs, in place of Mr.
