3306
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 27,
friends of both of us our State can scarcely fail
to be well taken care of and well represented.
I have not sought any quarrel with my col-
league. I have not made any quarrel with my
colleague. 1 have but sat here from day to day
attending to plain matters of fact and business.
If an occasion should arise when my colleague
should place himself in U position that would de-
serve a quarrel I am not certain that I would re-
treat from it very far, but such an occasion has
not arisen, and I trust never will arise .while my
colleague and myself are here. There is no mem-
ber of the Senate and no person in the country
who has akinderpersonal feeling to himself than
I have, and whether I get credit from my col-
league for possessing that feeling toward him or
not is a matter of very slight consequence indeed.
But, sir, 1 will not sit here silently and quietly
while war is made upon us when I know that
the opinions that my colleague utters are not
those that are acceptable to the loyal heart of
California. My colleague refers to a trial of these
opinions before the people of California. I should
like to add my persuasive influence and request
to my colleague to return to that State and make
the trial there. That is the place for it. I will
agree with my colleague that if the trial be against
me in the succeeding election if he will go there
wjth me I will resign my scat without instruc-
tions. Will my colleague say as much? I wiil
bear him company; 1 will see that he is well
treated and taken care of; I will aid in ushering
him upon his constituents and in developing then-
opinions of him and myself, and in giving the
people nnoppoitunitjrto pass upon them. 1 hope
my colleague will be induced to this fair mode of
settlement, and i can see no loss that would re-
sult from it except in case my colleague should
agree to the arrangement, and the people of Cali-
fornia deciding against him, 1 should then be de-
prived ofhisgieat influence here in developing the
interests of the Pacific const. If it were decided
otherwise, the State would Mufler nothing, bccuuae
I eould'be spared fiom the Somite Chamber with-
out any injury to her interests.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. Piesident, my brain
has been agitated in endeavonng to determine
from what particular source the Senator, my col-
league, derived his humor, or whether or not wit
was not the most marked quality he has exhib-
ited; and then, again, what was the true distinc-
tion between sarcastic and srudonic. 1 thought of
Swift, Sterne, Butler, and the Hudibrastic. Upon
all these questions thut have agitated me so much
f am still in the fog of doubt; perhaps it is well
that I should be so. There is one peculiar and
noticeable feature about the Senator which may
furnish the key-note to his remarkable qualities.
Somewhere about thd*apox of the cranium or the
superior posterior portion of his head appears a
prolongation backward and upward; this I have
no doubt forces iiirn to think, and induces him to
try to compel others to think, that lie stands in the
shoes of all the wisdom of ancient times and mod-
ern ages, with their wit to boot.
These peculiar manifestations, while they may
not have made him the cynosure of ail eyes, have,
to at least a limited extent, made him the observed
ofall observers. His peculiarities will grow upon
acquaintance. He will be found to have wit
enough for a town meeting, jests enough for a
ward meeting, and can t enough for any camp meet-
ing. 1 have said too much about so unworthy a
subject. The little quillets ptojecfed from act oss
the Chamber have hardly reached so far as the
place I occupy; they certainly have not reached to
hurt. I must observe, however, a pleasant part of
the remarks of the Senator, my colleague. If I did
not misunderstand him, he informed the Senate
that he has been or is my very good friend, and
has used terms in speaking of me that a very igno-
rant person might construe into the language of
compliment. This does not tempt me to say, be-
ware of the beauty of the serpent, there is venom
in its fangs; the comparison is not apposite; but
I couid not help but think of that Ithuricl who
with the point of his spear revealed the serpent
• in the garden. It would take, no Ithuricl to re-
veal the true spirit of the kind remarks of the
Senator, my colleague. I think I could do it
easily without even a javelin in my hand.
i beg the pardon of the Senate for engaging
their time in saying profitless things; but 1 trust
something may be permitted to just indignation.
Mr. CARLILE. I confess, Mr. President,
that I was not prepared for the ^proposition sub-
mitted by the Senator from Illinois, because, if
my recollection is not at fault, that Senator, in
the discussion of this subject when it was before
this body at the last Congress, maintained the
ground that real estate couid not be confiscated
beyond the life of the owner. That is my rec-
ollection of the discussion of this subject when it
was before the Senate. The Senator will correct
me if I am wrong.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Vir-
ginia is wrang so far as the confiscation of prop-
erty in the rebel districts of country where there
are no coqrts is concerned. 1 always maintained
that the clause in the Constitution limiting the
efFect of a conviction for treason had nothing in
the world to do with the waging of war in a dis-
trict of country governed by the military power,
and where there were no civil tribunals. Tagree
now that if in any of the loyal States an individ-
ual were arrested and tried for treason, convicted,
and hung, that would be a sufficient punishment;
and his real estate, if he had any, might go to his
descendants. But I always insisted that the pro-
vision of the Constitution applied only to trials m
courts of law, and had nothing to do with the
prosecution of war where there were no courts of
law, and nothing to do with the estates of per-
sons who were not brought to trial in courts of
law and could not be. I always insisted that a
traitor who escaped from the country, likeSlidell
or Mason, and left real estate behind, could not
therefore escape the punishment of the confisca-
tion of his property because he was beyond our
reach to be tried for treason.
Mr. CARLILE. Mr. President, I should like
to know from the Senator where he gets his au-
thority to confiscate the property of traitors or
anybody else, unless he derives it from the Con-
stitution.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do get it from the Con-
stitution.
Mr. CARLILE. The proposition is now by
law, not by armies, not by virtue of the military
power of tins Government, but under the forms
of law to deprive not the traitor, not the rebel, of
his property, because the Constitution gives you
the power to do that, but it is to take from the
innocent child that he may have left, or from the
injured wife of his bosom, the means of support
which the framers of the Constitution designed
should be left to them. They were too familiar
with proceedings of this sort; they themselves
had just before the formation of that instrument
been rebels; success made them patriots. It is
only from the Constitution that the Senate derives
any power on this subject. The Senate can in
conjunction with the other House declare war,
and they can make rules and regulations for the
Government of the land and naval forces; but
they have no power through the forms of law and
by virtue of their legislative character to tran-
scend the limits of the Constitution which ex-
pressly forbids the confiscation of the estate of
any one guilty of treason beyond the, traitor's
life. There is no exception in favor of the sus-
pension of that provision of the Constitution in
time of war. No department of this Government
is ever relieved from its obligations to maintain
the Constitution, which it solemnly swears to do
before it enters on the discharge of its duties.
The Executive is as much governed by the Con-
stitution in time of war as he is in time of peace.
So is the Congiess of the United States. The
oath that members of Congress take to support
the Constitution has in it no exception that it
shall not be obligatory m time of war; but, wisely
looking forward to what those men knew must
occur m the history of the Governmentthat they
were forming, they declared in the instrument
itself the powers that this Government should ex-
ercise in war as well as in peace.
The Senator speaks of his right under the Con-
stitution to shoot down a rebel. Sir, I deny him
such right. He cannot go out in the street to-
day and shoot down a rebel without being guilty
of murder. Not in his capacity of Senator is he
justified in shooting down even a rebel. Were
he in the armies of the country, then it would be-
come his duty to do so.
Mr. President, i have forborne from troubling
the Senate with any remarks upon many prop-
ositions which have been acted upon by it during
this session as well as the last,contenting myself
with a silent vote. I know that nothing 1 can
say here wiil change the purpose of the majority
-of this body, and I do not care to throw myself
upon them as an unwilling opposer merely for
the purpose of consuming time. If I believed
that anything that I could say could arouse the
people of this country and fix their eyes stead-
fastly upon the action not alone of this body but
also of the Executive, their servant under the
Constitution as well as we are their servants, I
might possibly have said more than I have; but
I have an abiding faith in the intelligence of the
people of this country, in their sense of justice,
in their patriotism, ay, sir, if I may use a word
that is so often used in this body for other pur-
poses, and I think very much misapplied, in the
civilization of this people; and if I am right in
that opinion, there is not in any State in this
Union a public sentiment that will sustain you
in the act that you propose to do by the adoption
of this amendment.
This amendment proposes to repeal a part of
a resolution which Congress adopted in order
to obtain the signature of the President to the
confiscation bill. It was made known to Con-
gress, if I am not mistaken in the history of that
resolution, and if I am the Senator will correct
me—it was made known to Congress that that
bill could not receive the approval of the Presi-
dent, and could only become a law by the pas-
sage of this very joint resolution, a portion of
which is now proposed to be repealed, and that
portion, too, which the President required should
be adopted before he would approve it.
Now, sir, what is the position in which you
will place your Executive? Well may the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, who feels a deep inter-
est m the passage of this scheme, ask the Senator
from Illinois not to load his bill with this propo-
sition. Unless the President has reread his con-
stitutional duties, unless he understands now
differently his constitutional oath from what he
did when ho affixed his signature to that resolu-
tion, he never can sign this bill with this propo-
sition in it. There mighthavebeen some excuse
for such a proposition atthat time. Then it was
urged on Congress as an auxiliary in the suppres-
sion of the rebellion. Now it cannot be urged for
any such purpose.
1 do notintendto prolong this discussion; I re-
gret that I have felt it my duty to say what I have
said; but my object was to call the attention of
Senators to it, fori cannot believe, until Iseeitby
a vote, that the Senate has changed its position
within the lasttwo years,and that gentlemen read
their constitutional powers now differently than
they did two years ago.
Mr. COWAN addressed the Senate. [His re-
marks will be published in the Appendix.]
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, no one
shall exceed me in devotion to the Constitution,
and 1 think I am as little disposed as the Senator
from Virginia or the Senator from Pennsylvania
to disregard the obligations of the oath I have taken
to support it. It is an easy thing for Senators, in
the confidence of the correctness of their own
opinions, to give a particular construction to the
Constitution and denounce as violators of their
oaths and as disregarded of the Constitution all
who do not agree with them. Itis as clear to my
mind that the provision in the Constitution in
regard to the forfeiture of property not extending
beyond the life of the traitor has no application
to the confiscation bill which we have passed as
it is that the provision of the Constitution which
guaranties to every person who is charged with
crime an impartial trial by a jury of the vicinage
has nothing to do with the protection of persons
engaged in war against the United States. The
power to make war, to raise and support armies,
to provide and maintain navies, is as clearly given
in the Constitution as the power to summon a
jury to try a criminal in ordinary times. Both
these powers exist; they are both constitutional;
and the question is, when may this war power
be exercised? for nobody would contend that you
must, impannela jury to try a rebel in arms against
you before you could slay him.
As to when and where these powers are to be
exercised without interfering with each other, are
questions about which Senators differ. I have
argued this question at some length heretofore
with the Senator from Pennsylvania, and I am
