1354
PIE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
March 80,
are willing to pay any interest, thinking thatthey
will never lose until the day of ruin comes. They
expect to escape in one way or another; and when
the day of ruin comes, they take their friends
. down with them.
I hope that we will not agree to a higher rate of
interest than seven percent. If New England wants
it reduced to six per cent. I am willing to reduce
jt  but I wantthe rateuniform allover the United
States. Under all circumstances let us have a
national currency. Let us know what we have
to pay, and let the men who undertake to loan
money understand that they will encounter these
penalties when they attempt to impose upon the
credulity of any person whatever. Six or seven
pes cent, is enough anywhere. I would he in-
clined to go forsix per cent, for the whole Union.
The committee seem to be of the opinion that
seven per cent, is right, and I agree to that. 1
hope this amendment and the amendment to the
amendment will not prevail.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; there being, on a division—ayes 47,, noes 4G.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the committee
rise, so .that the Committee of Ways and Means
may consider whether they will further press this
bill, as the amendment adopted takes away its
whole virtue.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Brandegee reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly
House bill No. 333, to provide a national cur-
rency second by a pledge of United States stocks,
and to provide for the circulation and redemption
thereof, and had come to no conclusion thereon.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and found
truly enrolled an act (S. No. 108) relating to act-
ing assistant paymasters in the Navy, and regu-
lating the appointment of cadets in the Naval
Academy; when the Speaker signed the same.
Mr. STEVENS. At the suggestion of several
gentlemen, { move, for the purpose of debate
only, that the rules be suspended,and the llouse
resolve Uself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of tiie Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committor of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Bout-
wi:u> in the chair,) and resumed the considera-
tion of the Piesideiit's annual message.
LIBERATION' AND KKSTOHATION 01? TUB POUTII.
Mr. ASHLEY. Mr. Speaker, the hour has
come in which Congiess mustdeal with the great
crime of the nineteenth century. The lending
conspirators must be punished by punishments
commensurate with their teirible deeds. Every
loyal citizen of the United States will expect this
of those to whom they have, at this time, confided
the destinies of the nation. They will demand
that this great crime be so dealt with that the
Government shall obtain indemnity for the past
and security for the- future." Asone of the Repre-
sentatives of the loyal people of Ohio I demanded
nt the beginning of th« rebellion, and I demand
now, that it shall he so dealt, with that a like crime
from the same cause shall in the future be impos-
sible.
The proper disposition by Congress of the
causes which produced the rebellion,"and all ques-
tions intimately connected with it, have given me,
a*? th^y doubtless have given every loyal man,
great anxiety.
The question before us is,how shall the States
whoso governments have been usurped or over-
thrown be reestablished and their loyal citizens
be reinvest'd with nil the rights, privileges, and
immunities of citizens of free Status in the Amer-
ican Union ?
This is indeed a question of transcendent im-
potence, ono with which the mere politician has
as htt'e fitnesses disposition to grapple. To meet
and pjop'-ily dispose of it demands the highest
Older of statesmanship. The untnod problem of
ivO-iUibhshiiig loyal State governments nvr vast
districts of country, so long in rebellion, involves
the gr;< vest responsibility, and presents questions
of constitutional power which have never before
been discussed, as they must now be discussed,
by the national Congress. I am free to confess
that from the first my anxiety has been not so
much how to conquerfche rebels as how to secure
an honorable and enduring pcace after they were
conquered. This is a question which, until its
final settlement, will demand the serious consider-
ation of the ablest statesmen in the nation.
It may be an unwelcome question to many gen-
tlemen in this House. I doubt not that it is. I
have reason to know that it was an unwelcome
question to many in the last Congress, but whether
welcome or un welcome, it cannot now be disposed
of or excluded from these Halls as it was two
years ago by parliamentary strategy and con-
gressional dodging.
The logic of events is forcing the nation on-
ward with such rapidity that we cannot, if we
would, evade this question, and many gentlemen
are now prepared to act who were opposed to
ail action two yeais ago. Thanks to our heroic
Army, the rebellion is now so far suppressed that
the question of reconstruction is forced upon and
demands our immediate consideration. All can
now see that it ought not to have been delayed
so long, and 1 am suie all will agiee that it can-
not longer be neglected without great injustice to
the loyal people of the rebellious districts.
At the outbreak of the rebellion, practical men
saw and urged the importance and necessity of
an act of Congress to provide temporary govern-
ments of some kind for the districts of country
m rebellion; to authorize the loyal citizens resid-
ing therein, as soon as the rebellion was suffi-
ciently suppressed, to reorganize State govern-
ments, where they had been usurped or over-
thrown, and to guaranty to them State govern-
ments, republican in form, as piescribcd by the
national Constitution. The bill from the select
committee, now before the I louse, recognizes fully
and clearly the authority of Congress to pass all
laws which are necessary and proper to carry into
practical effect thntconstitutionalguarantee. The
authority to legislate on this subject once admitted,
whether under the war powers or peace powers of
Congress, the only questions winch can possibly
divide the unconditional Union men in Congress,
or throughout the country, will be as to matters
of detail. It will he noticed that the committee
have sought to avoid the adoption of any especial
theory in the bill which they have presented.
Whether the rebel usurpation has destroyed the
constitutional governments of the seceded States,
or whether those Slate governments are simply
suspended or in abeyance by reason of the abdi-
cation of their officers, or whether by the acts of
treason and rebellion on the part of their citizens
and constituted authouties, the States thus in re-
hellion have committed State suicide, the com-
mittee have thought best to leave to the determ-
ination of each member for himself, lience, no
teport is submitted with this bill. For the same
reason, no report accompanied the bill submitted
by me on this subject two years ago, with the
appioval of a majority of the Committee on Ter-
ritories. The sovereignty of the United States,
and the power of Congress under the Constitu-
tion, to legislate for the districts of country in re-
bellion, are fully n cognized by this bill. All that
1 have ever contended for touching the question
of congressional power is here admitted.
Determining front the outbreak of the rebellion
that slavery should die, 1 have sought only for
such congressional action as would restore the
rebel States tjj the Union with freedom as their
fundamental law. For this purpose! then insist-
ed andiiov/ insist that until such time as the loyal
citizens, in each of the lebeliious States, are nu-
merous enough to maintain a State government,
and shall adoptaconstitution prohibiting slavery
forever, they ought to bo treated and governed as
citizens of the United States residing within the
national jurisdiction, on national territory, with-
out State governments. With me this has been
from the first the all-important point. Practical-
ly, this idea pervades the entire bill before us. 1
care not whether the power to govern the districts
of country declared by the President's proclama-
tion to be in rebellion, after they shall have been
subjugated, is derived from the war powers or the
p^ace poweis of Congress, f btlu've eilhertobe
constkutional and sufficient. I believe we may
establish cither temporary military governments
or temporary civil governments. Certainlv Con-
gress may, as the representative of the sovereign
power of the nation, pass such laws as in its opin-
ion may be necessary to secure the rights and lib-
erties of the loyal people in those States whose
governments have bee$ destroyed by traitois. Tc
this end Congress may, by authority of the na-
tional Constitution,prescribe such conditions for
the restoration of the States whose governments
have been usurped or overthrown, as will best
secure the peace and stability of the nation and
guaranty to such States republican governments.
Believing that this can be done in no way so safely-
and so well as by organizing and recognizing new
State governments, as provided for by this bill,
I am in favor of its passage.
Mr. Speaker, in attempting a solution of the
difficulties which environ us on this question of
reconstruction I have sought only for the adoption
of such measures as would secure the safe and
speedy restoration to the Union of all States in
rebellion, on a basis that would command the
approval of the ablest statesmen of the country.
I have had and now have no theory that 1 will
not yield to accomplish this most desirable result.
I believe it to be the imperative duty of Congress
to lay deep the foundation of our pioposed action
on this subject. I believe it to be our duty to de-
clare in the most solemn manner that if hereafter
any State shall renounce its allegiance to the na-
tional Constitution and appeal from the decision
of the ballot-box to the arbitrament of the sword,
it shall be subjugated by the sword, arjd all its
prerogatives as a State be forfeited until such
time as Congress provides for its reorganization,
oi until its loyal citizens shall, in the exercise of
their inherent rights of self-government, call a
convention and adopt a new State constitution,
republican in form, in c.onfoimity with and sub-
ject to the Constitution of the United States, and
be recognized or readmitted by Congress to ex-
ercise their proportionate part of the governing
power of the country.
Mr. Speaker, I can give my support to this bill
and defend it only on the assumption that there
are no constitutional State governments in the
rebel States. Aie there any such State govern-
ments? I hold that there are not. I hold that a
State may forfeit its right as part of the supreme
governing power of the Republic, i think this
proposition cannot bo successfully controverted.
A majority of the electors of any State in this
Union may, unquestionably, alter or abolish their
written constitution and refuse to establish an-
other in its stead. If^hey may, as all concede,
do this, then the abolition of a State constitution,
in the manner prescribed by the organic or stat-
ute law of the State, and the adoption of a new
constitution, renouncing their allegiance to the
United States, would terminate their right under
the Constitution to cxcrcisc any part of the gov-
erning power of the nation. If, then, a State of
this Union may, by the action of its citizens, for-
feit its rights under the Constitution to exercise
part of the sovereign power of the nation, or in
any way cease to maintain such a State govern-
ment as can be recognized by Congress under the
Constitution, the assumption that " a State once
a State is always a State" is a fallacy as perni-
cious as it is false.
I trust that no argument is needed at this late
day to refute the illogical and sophistical iea-
soiiing which was so prevalent in this Hall and
throughout the country during the Congiess im-
mediately preceding the rebellion. It will be re-
membered that it was then, and is now to some
extent, maintained that if any one or more States
withdrew from the Union by the action of a ma-
jority of its qualified electors, "for reasons, the
sufficiency of which, before God and the great
tribunal of human history, they alone should be
the judge," that their action m so doing, in con-
formity with the laws of their own State, de-
stroyed the Government of the United States, and
left each State free to act for itself ns an independ-
ent nation.
It was only those who were indoctrinated with
the false theory that the United States weie a
confederated Government and not a nation, or who
were blinded by the Calhoun doctrine of State
rights, who set up for answer to this shallow as-
sumption the claim <{ that a State once a State is
always a State.'5
Mr.W.J. ALLEN. Will thegentlcmaH allow
a loyal State to come in with slavery ?
