2332
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18,
Mr. HOWARD. No; it will be less. In the
course of the discussion I will lay some tables be-
fore the Senate, if they will give them their at-
tention. I think the whole liability of tHeUnited
States will be considerably less under this meas-
ure than under the act of 1862, So far as compu-
tation can reach it, it is considerably less.
But, sir, I desire to offer some amendments to
this amendment, if it is in order now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
understands the committee to have reported in the
first place a bill with certain amendments to that
bill, and then to have reported a substitute to take
the place of the bill and amendments.
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDENT wp tempore. If it is agree-
able to the Senate the Cnair will proceed to the per-
fection of the substitute in the first instance.
Mr. HOWARD. I supposed that would be
the course. In section one, line forty-three, I
move to insert the word " be" after the word
" may."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. In section three, line sev-
enty, after the word " land" I move to insert the
words " for the purposes of this'act,"
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. In section three, line sev-
enty-five, I move to insert the words "State or"
before the word " Tenitory."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD, in section seven, line four,
lifter the wordy "Rocky mountains" I move to
insert " which eastern base shall be ascertained
and fixed by the President of the United States."
This is a mete verbal omission. These words
ought to have been inserted in the draft of the
bill.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. In section eight, lino forty-
two, after thewoid "bonds"! move to strikeout
the words " for each mile of railroad." They
are meiely tautological.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to,
Mr. HOWARD. In section eight, line fifty-
two, 1 move to sti ike out the woi da " said Union
Pacific. Railroad,"and to insert the word 41 such."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. In section ten, line fifteen,
after the woid "bonds" I move to insert the
words "so produced to him."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. In section eleven, line twen-
ty-three, I move to strike out the word " subro-
gated" and to insert "entitled." I do this in
order to strike out a useless technical teim which
tends to embarrass plain men.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. In section twelve, line two,
I move to insert the word " original" before the
word "act."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. In section twelve, line three,
I move to strike out the word " condition" and
insert the word "consideration."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. In section twelve, lino twen-
ty, I move to stiikc out the word "condition"
and insert "consideration."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. In section thirteen, hneforty-
seven,I move to strike outthc words "by him,"
and in line forty-eight, after the word "survey,"
t<> insert " thereof."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. In section sixteen, h ne forty-
three, I move to strike out the following proviso:
Provided, That for the di-tan'-c ot fifteen mile- of '-an!
lailio.u) <nid telegraph liuu ivtwu n Stockton -irnlthe
Alameda valley, and lying on the C'mtra Com mountains
the -aid company may issue its bonds, to he guarantied as
a/ote.-aid, at the rate of lurty-eijjht p,ji irnle.
That proviso is in the wrong place, and I move
to strike it out heic with a view of inserting it in
another portion of the substitute.
The amend men t to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD, i now move to insert the
siune proviso m .•"etion seventeen, hne thirty-
one , aftor the word '• be:"
Pi That foi fh" di-t.uic'of Mtren miles of said
ruihoaJ and icIc^idpJi tine 1} between CrfoeKton and the
Alameda valley, and lying on the Contra Costa mountains,
the said company may issue its bonds, to be guarantied as
aforesaid, at the rate of forty-eight per mile.
The amendmentto the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. In section twenty-six, lines
one and two, I move to strike out the words
" companies herein created" and to insert " said
Union Pacific Railroad Company."
Theamendmentto the amendmentwas agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD, I move to strike out the fol-
lowing clause at the end of section twelve:
And that no dividend exceeding five per cent, on their
stock shall be paid until the United StatC3 shall have been
reimbursed in gold or silver coin, and such services, for all
payments of interest under said guarantee and the said in-
terest thereon.
I do not see any use whatever for that clause,
but it has found its way in there. I move to
strike it out.
Mr. HALE. I should like to make an inquiry
of the Senator about that. Does he propose to
take away all the lien of the Government, and al-
low them to divide five per cent, among them-
selves without making provision for paying the
Government anything?
Mr. HOWARD. "If the Senator from New
Hampshire will cast his eye back to this section
he will see that all the net proceeds of the road
are appropriated and applied to the payment of
the interest until the whole of the interest is paid.
It is fully provided for. I do not see why we
should undertake to trammel the company as to
the disposition of its money after we have pro-
vided specifically that it shall all be applied to the
payment of this interest. This clause has no
effect at all.
Mr. POMEPvOY. But suppose the dividends
more than equal the interest?
Mr. HOWARD. There cannot be any divi-
dend until the mteicst is all paid.
Mr. POMEROY. Suppose the net earnings
mote than equal the interest?
Mr. HOWARD. That is not very probable.
I do not think we run any great risk m that re-
gaul.
Tlie amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. These are all the amend-
ments that 1 now desire to make; and 1 am will-
ing, if the Senate so desire, to let the bill stand
over till to-morrow.
Mr. WILSON. I propose to move an execu-
tive session.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before the bill goes over,
I desire to move an amendment, that it may be
pending. I shall not ask action on it now. I
move to strike out, on page 2, the following words,
from line thirty-two to line thirty-six of the first
section:
And two thousand shares shall be the great^t amount
which any one peison may hereaiter subscribe for or hold
at any time, or lor which eeiufieates ot shines shall in any
case be issued or recognized by s:;tid company.
I see no reason for limiting the amount of shares
which a person may take in this company. I
think the difficulty will be to get parties to take
the shares; and we need not be afraid that they
will take too many. I do not press action on H
now, but t move the amendment.
Mr. POMEROY. I call the Senator's atten-
tion also to the fact that on the 4th page there
nhould be a similar amendment. The Senator
from' Illinois should also move to strike out, in
the sixty-second and sixty-third lines, the words
" not however to exceed m amount to any one
person the above limitation of two thousand
shares."
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the first amendment
carries, of course the next will be necessary to
make it conform.
Mr. SUMNER. Before my colleague makes
the motion which he is about to make, I desire
to ask the Senator from Michigan whether he pro-
poses to go on with this bill to-morrow,
Mr. HOWARD, Yob, sir.
Mr SUMNER. I asked the question because
if the Senator did not desire to go on with* this bill
I wished to ask the Senate to take up another bill
to have it. in order to be proceeded with to-mor-
row.
Mr. HOWARD. I feel it my duty to press
the consideration of the bill now before the Senate
reasonably. I am anxious to have it passed by
this> body, i know tiiat it will undergo a great
deal of discussion in the House of Representa-
tives, and probably meet with a great deal of op-
position there; and I think the sooner we pass it
here the better it will be for the country.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator will understand
me. I did not intend to interfere with him, but
merely wished to knbw whether he intended to
press the bill to-morrow.
Mr. HALE. In the bills incorporating railroad
companies in New Hampshire, it has been the
general practice to insert a provision that the
State at any time may purchase the road by pay-
ing the cost and ten per cent, interest on the in-
vestment. Would the Senator from Michigan
have any objection to a provision of that sort in
this bill?
Mr. HOWARD. I do not think the Govern-
ment would be running any very great hazard,
and I should have no objection to it here.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate now
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
The motion was agreed to; and after some time
spent in executive session, the doors were re-
opened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, May 18, 1SG4.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Dr. Hosmer, of Buffalo, New Yoik.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
DISLOYAL EMPLOYE.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House aletter from the Secretary of the
Treasury, stating, in answer to a resolution of the
House of Representatives of the 16th instant, that
there was employed in the Treasury Department
a peison named Garnett, as a clerk in the office
of the Register of the Tieasury, at a salary of
§1,200a year; that he was not Assistant Register,
and was nevereven thought of in connection with
that office; that the Departmenthas no knowledge
that he ever held a commission in the rebel army,
or that he was a prisoner in the Old Capitol;
that his appointment was recommended by Hon.
J. C. Underwood, United States district judge for
the eastern district of Virginia, and by Hon. Mr.
Chandler, of the Norfolk district, in the same
State; that some time since, on receiving charges
against him, the Secretary, according to the usual
practice, referred them to the Register for exam-
ination, and on the report of the Register, made
on the 4th instant, he was at once notified that
his services were no longer required.
POINT OF ORDKK.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to make
a statement in relation to a decision made yester-
day upon a point of order raised by the gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr. Holman*,] and partially
to correct the decision. When the chairman of
the Committee of Elections, [Mr. Dawes,] imme-
diately after the votes on the contested-election
cases yesterday, offered a resolution providing for
paying the applicants for seats in this House from
the State of Virginia, the Chair, supposing that
it was repoited from the Committee of Elections,
decided thatitwasm order. The chairman stated,
however, in reply, that he offered it himself and
upon his own responsibility, and not as a report
from his committee; and the Chair then stated,
upon a point of order raised by his colleague upon
the floor, [Mr. Holman,] that he still held it m
order. The Chair then had in his recollection a
case which occurred in the Thirty-Fourth Con-
gress,when the present occupan t of the chair was a
membei of the Committee of Elections, when Mr.
Stephens, of Georgia, a member of that, committee,
but not its chairman, immediately after the vote
on the Nebraska contested-election case, ptesen ted
a resolution for paying the contestant. The pro-
ceedings which took place upon that occasion, so
far as their bearing on the present point is con-
cerned, were as follows, as appearing in the Globe:
"Mr. Stephens. I offer the following resolution :
''Resolved, That the Clerk of this llou^e pay out of the
contingent fund of this liou-e to Hiram J\ Beiinct, of Ne-
braska, chinning t<  have been elected the Delegate fiom
te«nd Territoi v, his mileage and pej diem to this date.
"Mi. Seward. 1 object to the le&oHjtmn Ix-tnil intro-
duced. Iam opposed to fhe, syuem of pn}ihg ail those
contfsiant-5 out ot the contingent luiul.
" The Speaker. It is a question uppeildiiiitig to the
