1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2333
resolution rfport^d by the Committee of Elections, and the
Chair thinks it is in ordei.
u Mr. Seward. Do i understand that the resolution is
properly before the [louse ?
" The Speaker. The Cliair thinks it is properly before
the House."
That proceeding was in the recollection of the
Chair yesterday, but upon examining other elec-
tion cases since the adjournment he found the
current of decisions decidedly the other way. This
was a decision made by Mr. Banks, then Speaker
of the House, but which it appears he afterwards
reconsidered himself. The decisions have been
that the Committee of Elections have the right to
report resolutions paying contestants whenever
the committee is properly called. The pointof or-
der has been repeatedly made that as the matter
of paying contestants has not specially been re-
ferred to them by the House they had not the right
to report on it, but the Speakers have uniformly
held that as such resolutions grew out of the cases
referred to them by the House they had the right
to report a resolution for paying contestants.
But as the Chair made the decision yesterday
upon this single precedent and one other of a sim-
ilar character, while the bulk of the decisions have
been different, he is of opinion that to the extent
he has now stated he was wrong, and that the
gentleman from Indiana was correct in his point
of order that it is not a question of privilege.
The committee can report it at any time when
called upon, but they have not the right to report
it as a question of puvilege.
The Chair would state, however, that as the
resolution was subsequently, by unanimous con-
sent, referred to the committee, with a right to
report at any time, the decision has not, 111 any
degree, materially affected the question, as the
committee could ha\e reported it irrespective of the
decision on any private bill day, or whenever on
any other day they were called in their turn for
reports.
1 PORTS OF DELIVERY.
On motion of Mr. McBRIDE, an act (S. No.
242) for establishing Portland, in the Stateof Ore-
gon, and Leavenwotth, in the State of Kansas,
ports of delivery, was taken from the Speaker's
table, lead a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
MARY A. BAKER.
On motion of Mr. McBRIDE, an act (S. No.
122) for the relief of Mary A. Baker, widow of
Brigadier General Edward A. Baker, was taken
from the Speaker's table, read a first and second
time, and refened to the Committee on Pensions.
UNION PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. ASHLEY. I ask unanimous consent to
report a lull gianting public lands to aid m the
construction of a branch of the Union Pacific rail-
road and telegraph line through the mineral lands
of Colorado, New Mexico, and Arizona.
Mr. SPALDING objected.
VETERAN VOLUNTEER ENGINEERS.
On motion of Mr. GARFIELD, a bill (H. R.
No. 251) to organize a regiment of veteran volun-
teer engineers, returned from the Senate with an
amendment, was taken up for consideration.
Senate amendment:
Stiike out ssfrfion three, ns follows:
Jind he xl fivthcr enacted, That ail persons reenli*.ting
under the provisions, of tins dot slid]! receive the bounties
now paid to veteian volunteer, ptovided they shall enlist
witluu one month after the parage uf this act, and they
shall be aeei edited to the -ubdivit-ions of States in which
they were originally enlisted.
Mr. GARFIELD. This is an amendment of
no particular consequence, and the Committee on
Military Affairs are willing that it shall be adopted
by the House.
The amendment was agreed to,
Mr. GARFIELD moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was agreed to; and also
moved to iay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE,
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed without amendment joint resolution (H.
R. No. 77) relating to Green Clay Goodioe; and
joint resolution (H. R. No. 78) providing for the
election of a member of Congress for the State of
Illinois by the State at large.
Also, that the Senate had agreed to the amend-
ments of the House to the bill (S. No. 145) to
equalize the pay of soldiers in the United States
Army, with amendments; in which he was di-
lectedto ask the concurrence of the House.
Also, that the Senate had appointed Mr. Cowan
a member of the committee of conference on the
part of the Senate on the bill (H. R. No. 40)
making appropriations for the consular and dip-
lomatic expenses of th£Government for the year
endingjune30,1865, in the place ofMr. Morgan.
PUNISHMENT OF GUERRILLAS.
Mr. GARFIELD. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to report back a bill from the
Committee on Military Affairs. It is a measure
of very grave importance to the Army at this
time, and will not, I think, occasion debate. It
is for the punishment of guerrillas in the lines of
the Army by a single provision that commanders
in the field shall have final jurisdiction of these
cases as they now have in courts-martial, and not
be compelled to send such cases to "Washington,
thus causing serious delay. The bill is asked
for by the War Department,and is unanimously
recommended by the Committee on Military
Affairs.
The bill (H. R. No. 429) was read for inform-
ation. It is to provide for the more speedy pun-
ishment of guerrillas, and for other purposes. It
enacts that the provisions of the twenty-first sec-
tion of an act entitled "An act for enrolling and
calling out the national forces," approved March
3, 1863, shall apply as well to the sentences of
military commissions as to those of courts-mar-
tial; and authorizes the commanding general in
the field, or the commander of the department,
as the case may be, to carry into execution all
sentences against guerrillas for robbery, arson,
burglary, rape, assault with intent to comnfit
rape, violations of the laws and customs of war,
&c.
The second section enacts that every officer
authorized to order a general court-martial shall
have power to pardon or mitigate any punishment
ordered by such court, including that of confine-
ment in the penitentiary, except the sentence of
death, or of cashiering or dismissing an officer,
which sentences it shall be competent, during the
continuance of the present rebellion, for the gen-
eral commanding the army in the field, or the
department commander, as the case may be, to
remit or mitigate; and it repeals the fifth section
of the act approved July 17> 1862, chapter two
hundred and one, so far as it relates to sentences
of imprisonment m the penitentiary.
The SPEAKER. Is there any objection to the
bill being1 reported back at this time?
Mr. ELDRfDGE. I object.
Mr. GARFIELD. I desire to say a word.
Our soldiers in the front are bemgdaily shot down
by guerrillas and our wounded massacred, and I
ask that our generals in the field may be clothed
with the requisite power to protect them.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
gentleman from Ohio submitting some remarks?
Mr. ROSS, i object.
PROMOTIONS FROM THE RANKS.
Mr. LAW, by unanimous consent, offered a
resolution,which was read, considered, and agreed
to, instructing the Committee on Military Affairs
to inquire into the expediency and propriety of
providing by law for the promotion of such non-
commissioned officers and privates as may be
distinguished for their good conduct and bravery
in the field to appointments as officers in the line;
and to report by bill or otherwise.
LOCATION OSt LANDS BY FLOATS.
Mr. JULIAN, by unanimous consent, reported
back from the Committee on Public Lands a bill
(H. R. No. 205) authouzing the issue of patents
for locations made with certificates granted under
authority of the act of Congress approved March
17, lb62, allowing floats in satisfaction of lands
sold by the United States within the limits of the
Las Ormegas and La Nana grants m Louisiana.
The bill was read.
Mr. JULIAN. I ask to have a letter read from
the Commissioner of the General Land Office.
The letter was read,as follows:
General Land Office, Jijiril 28, 1864.
Sir: I have the honor to return our letter to you of 16tli
January last, recommending the i^sue ol patents for tiaots
selected in satisfaction of La Nana and Las Ormegas
claims, pursuant to the act of Congress, approved 17th
March, 1862, and in reference to your oral request of this
morning respectfully submit that the state of the case is
briefly this s
The law of Congress ordered the floats; they have been
issued; a number of them have been located on specific
tracts, and doubtless the residue will soon be returned
likewise located on tracts of public lands. Where the Jo-
cation is found regulai and correct, in all particulars, the
tracts so located become the private property of the as-
signee of the float, as if it were so designated as his pro|>-
erty in an act of Congress. The" only reason for suggesting
the issue of patents in such cases is to give the lawful
owner, in convenient and condensed form of patent, the
usual evidence of his title, otherwise he would have to re-
sort to his certificate of location and other kindred papers,
as such evidence of his right. The verified copies ofthese
by the Department cost more than a patent, and is not by
any means so satisfactory, the lormer being the instrument
generally ordered by Jaw as the evidence of a party's title
from the United States.
These are the considerations which have induced the
recommendation of.thfs office that legislation be had to au-
thorize patents, as without express authority of law we
have no power to issue them.
With great respect,
J. M. EDMUNDS, Commissioner.
Hon. George W. Julian, Chairman Committee on Public
Lands, House oj Representatives.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. JULIAN moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to Jay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
VIRGINIA JUDICIAL DISTRICTS.
Mr. W1LSON asked unanimous consent to re-
port back from the Committee on the Judiciary
an act (S. No. 256) to change and define the
boundaries of the eastern and western judicial dis-
tricts of Virginia, and to alter the names of said
districts, and for other purposes.
The bill was read for information. It enacts
that the jurisdiction of the western district of
Virginia shall be hereafter coextensive with and
confined to the limits of the State of West Vir-
ginia, and shall be called the district of West Vir-
ginia ; and that the jurisdiction of the eastern dis-
trict shall hereafter be coextensive with the limits
and include the whole of the State of Virginia,
and shall be called the district of Virginia.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN objected.
RECIPROCITY TREATY.
Mr. GANSON. I call for the regular order of
business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the consideration of the joint resolution
(H. R. No. 56) authorizing the President to give
the requisite notice for terminatingthe treaty made
with Great Britain on behalf of the Biitish prov-
inces in North America, and to appoint commis-
sioners tu negotiate a new treaty with the British
Government, based upon the true piinciples of
reciprocity, on which the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Ward] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. WARD. Mr. Speaker,among the many
subjects of importance requiting our attention,
none except those immediately relating to the de-
plorable events transpiring in ourown country so
justly occupy our time as our relations to the
young and rising nations inhabiting the territory
contiguous to our own on the north, if Mexico,
our neighbor on the south, ready, perhaps, to
form an alliance with the insurgent States, is to
be ruled by a Power hostile to us and our institu-
tions, does it not form a proper portion of our
public policy to cultivate the most friendly rela-
tions with the British colonies? Mexico has, it
is true, been called a republic. She has striven
after the realization of popular government, but
has been too weak to attain it. The result has
been anarchy, followed by her falling an easy
prey to European invaders, insignificant in num-
ber compared with her own forces. In the Brit-
ish provinces the principle of government by the
people through their representatives is more fully
acknowledged than in any country of magnitude
except our own. Alieady they contain a popu-
lation more numei ous than all the free inhabitants
of the United States in 171)0, seveial years after
the revolutionai y war had terminated in peace.
Their territory is capable of maintaining in afflu-
ence a population much larger than ours now is.
Out commerce with the single province of Canada
alone lias, for the last five years, been larger than
with any other country "excepting England,
