18(54.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3809
the President ? Just exactly as much as that ar-
ticle in the constitution of the State ofMnine which
says the title of the Governor shall be " his ex-
cellency," and no more. The mode by which
the Commander-in-Chief was to be appointed or
chosen was settled in the Constitution. Suppose
the Constitution had said that the Senate should
appoint a Commander-in-Chief of the Army and
Navy, and the Senate had appointed him. Does
the fact that the Senate appointed him exclude
Congress from exercising control over him, say-
ing what he shall do and what he shall not do,
measuring his duties and prescribing them? Not
ill the least. Suppose ijhad said that the Com-
mander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy should
be chosen by joint vote of the House of Repre-
sentatives and Senate, would Congress be prohib-
ited then from legislating and making rules and
regulations for him and governing him just as
they would any other officer? Not the least. All
that the Constitution does is simply to come in
and say to Congress and the President and the
Senate, " We will relieve you from this trouble,
and whoever the people choose for President
shall, in virtue of that election, be Commander-
in-Chief of your Army; but you may limit and
prescribe his duties, regulate and restrain them
just exactly as much as if he was chosen in any
other possible way that you can imagine."
Mr. President, I suppose we shall get through
this rebellion, because there has never been a war
in the world before that has not ended some way
or other, and 1 suppose that this will enrl some
time or other; and when it ends, if we find our-
selves independent of these absurd dogmas and
ridiculous constructions of the Constitution that
we have inherited as a sort of heir-loom from our
English ancestors, I shall think we have done a
great deal, perhaps not quite so much as the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts thinks we should have
done, if we got rid of negro slavery; but l'tell you
we shall have done a great deal if we can come
up to the standard of independent, sensible, clear-
minded, thinking men.
It seems to me that the amendment now before
the Senate is exceedingly plain, and that this is
a good place to put it on. If it hurts the feel-
ings of my friend from Massachusetts to have
Ins bill saddled with somethinghe doesnotthink
germane to it, let him remember that he has prac-
ticed that same thing a great many times this ses-
sion on some other bills, and lias put measures
on bills that some of our friends did not think
entirely and totally germane to the subject. But,
sir, this is germane. If you are in earnest, do
something, and do not pretend that you are doing
something when you are doing nothing. If you
mean to keep property for these rebels, I suggest
to my friend from Massachusetts to put another
section in his freedmen's bill, and have a bureau
to take care of the estates of traitors, and keep
them safe during the war, so that when the war
is over they may be handed over without waste
to the widows and children that my friend fiom
Virginia feels so much for, and that these com-
missioners shall be called upon to render a true ac-
count of their stewardship, to see that they have
kept safely the trust that was committed to them.
Mr. President, I do not know that I have talked
as well as my friend from Massachusetts or my
friend from Illinois; I do not think 1 have; but
we all have our way; we all talk according to the
light tha t we have; and, as an oldQ.uaker woman
once said to me, "If we do not all have light
alike each must walk in his own light," [laugh-
ter,] and that is the course I have determined for
myself. I do not mean to say anything person-
ally offensive, but I must say, with great defer-
ence to others, that more arrant nonsense was
never uttered on any subject on earth than has
been uttered upon this construction of theConsti-
tution of the United States.
Sir, we are at war. A great many people do
not believe that yet. I lemember that less than
two years ago my friend from Maine [Mr. Mor-
rill] made one of the most eloquent speeches that
111- ever made—and thatis saymgagood deal,for
he always makes eloquent speeches—to prove
that we weie actually at war. Gentlemen did
not believe it then, and they hardly believe it
now. They think there is asortof insurrection,
(II- insubordination, or something of that sort go-
ing on down South, they do not exactly know
what. But, sir, I will tell you, and then I shall
sit down and let the Senate adjourn, if they want
to do so.
Mr. SUMNER. Vote.
Mr. HALE. Or vote, either; but I shall ex-
pect a speech now from my friend from Massachu-
setts, because he says " vote." [Laughter.]
I tell you, sir, if the North would wake up to
the fact that we were at war, if the northern heart
and the northern mind were all united in the only
purpose that should govern men and patriots in
this crisis of our fate, if they would come up to
the first duty of patriotism in this struggle, it
would be but an insurrection, and we could hand
it over to the constables and sheriffs and grand
juries before the frosts of autumn had seared the
leaves of the forest that are now green around
us. It has attained its present dimensions be-
cause we are not united, because our enemies
know that we are notunited; they calculate upon
it; and our divisions are their strength.
Mr. President, there is a presidential election
soon coming on. God only knows what the re-
sult will be. We can all hope and trust. None
of us know what it will be, but I wish here to
state my position. Perhaps it is of very little
consequence for anybody to know. Those who
do not want to know may go home and go to bed.
[Laughter.] Sir, if this Administration should
be overthrown at the coming election, the labors
of no inconsiderable portion of my life would be
gone, the dream of my life would be over, the
hope of my life would be blighted, and I should
feel, however it might be with others, that to me
life had been a mistake in one of the great elements
of myaction.
But, sir, sad as it would be to all my hopes,
blighting as it would be, 1 would rather see that
than see the overthrow of constitutional liberty
in this land. I trust that when we see the great
stake for which we aie contending, the immense
issues that are pending, the tremendous conse-
quences that are to affect not only us but the gene-
rations that are to come after us; when we see
that we are trying to-day the great issue of hu-
man existence, solving the great problem which
God in His providence has given to man to solve
at this time, we may have more energetic, more
earnest, more united counsels than we have ever
had, and that with renewed energy of purpose we
may buckle on our armor for the grefft contest
which we have hardly yet appreciated.
Having said this I owe an apology to the Sen-
ate for having spoken when they all wanted to
speak themselves instead of hearing me, [laugh-
ter.] I say I owe an apology for having detained
them so long at this late hour of the night.
Mr I-IENDRICKS. The clock tells us that
it is about time to adjourn, I should suppose, and
the speech of the Senator from New Hampshire
I think also tells us that we ought to adjourn.
That Senator says that while the able speeches
we have heard were being made he took a good
sound sleep, and yet he went on to say that he
had never heard so much nonsense in all his life.
[Laughter.] I am sure the Senator would not
have used that language if he had been awake all
the time; and I account for his expression from
the fact that while he was asleep he was dream-
ing, and his speech, which was a very interesting
one, was an answer to his own dreams. [Laugh-
ter.] I move that the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 hope the Senator will with-
draw that motion and let us vote.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It is not probable that
we can close this matter to-night. There is some-
thing more to be said about it.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 hope we shall not adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned. 
HOUSE OK REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, June 27, 18G4.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. James Freeman Clarke, of Boston.
On motion of Mr. GANSON, the reading of
the Journal of Saturday was dispensed with.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. The House is acting under
the operation of the previous question ordered
on Saturday evening on the enrollment bill. As
the House is thin the Chair would suggest, if
there is no objection, that we proceed with the
regular order of business for Monday morning,
until the gemlemat) from Ohio sees fit to call up
the enrollment bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have no objecfion to that.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness this morning is the call ef committees- for
reports, to be referred, and not to be brought
back by a motion to reconsider.
Mr. DAWES. I would suggest that we might
possibly dispose of the questions of privilege
from the Committee of Elections during the
morning hour, and that would keep them out of
the way of more important business after the
morning hour.
The SPEAKER. The House is now acting
under the previous question, and if the gentle-
man from Ohio does not call up the enrollment
act, the only business in order this morning is
the call of committees for reports.
Mr. DAWES. My suggestion was only for
the concurrence of the House. It is a matter of
no particular interest to me personally.
The SPEAKER then proceeded to call the
committees for reports, to be referred and not
brought back by motion to reconsider.
' HEIRS OF JOHN K. ISOULIGNY.
Mr. HARRINGTON, from the Committee on
Private Land Claims, made a minority report on
the petition of the heirs of John E. Bouligny;
which was referred to the Committeeofthe Whole
House, and ordered to be printed.
CONGRESSIONAL POWER OVER FOREIGN POLICY.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland, from the Commit-
tee on Foreign Affairs, submitted a report, ac-
companied with the following resolution:*
Resolved, That Congress haa a constitutional right to an
authoritative voice in declaring and prescribing the foreign
poliev ot the United States, as well m the recognition of
new 'Powers as in oilier matters, and it is tlic constitutional
duty of tho President to respect that policy not less in diplo-
matic negotiations than ill the use of tile national foice
when authorized by law; and the propriety of any decla-
ration of foreign policy by Congress is sufficiently proved
by tiie vote which pronounces it, and each proposition
while pending and undetermined is not a fit topic ol'diplo-
liiatic explanation with any roreign Power.
The report and resolution were laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. On the first occa-
sion that presents itself I shall ask for a vote on
the resolution.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order at this time.
The resolution goes upon the Calendar.
Mr. COX. When will it come up ?
The SPEAKER. It will only come up by a
motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. Will it be open
to discussion on the motion to suspend the rules?
The SPEAKER. That would depend entirely
on whether the gentleman from Maryland should
move the previous question after the rules were
suspended.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. I would inquire
whether it is the purpose of the chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Affairs to move the pre-
vious question.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. It is my purpose
to ask a vote on the resolution, which can only
be done by a motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. COX. I would like to know whether the
gentleman expects to allow any debate on this
subject.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I shall interpose
no objection to it; but 1 suppose the House will
probably be too impatient to give it much con-
sideration, although l am very anxious to hear
what my honorable friend from Ohio has to say
upon it.
HORACE YATES.
Mr. MILLER, of Pennsylvania, from the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions, reported a bill for the
relief of Horace Yates; which was read a first
and second time by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and, with the ac-
companying report, ordered to be printed.
PRINTING OF AS AMENDMENT.
Mr. SCHENCK. I rise to make an explana-
tion. When we were about to adjourn on Sat-
urday, the enrollment bill being under considera-
tion, the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Wash-
burne] moved the previous question on the bill
and amendments. 1 then made the suggestion
that the previous question should be applied to
the amendments only, and i requested that they
