2334
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18,
France, and Cuba. Can there be any doubt that
it is more reasonable to attempt by negotiation
the removal of any objectionable features which
may have arisen in connection with the existing
treaty, than to disturb the industry and invest-
ments of the large portion of our citizens now
directly or indirectly engaged in this trade?
Besides the limited provisions ns to reciprocal
tradeand navigation, the treaty settled many difii-
cultieswhich had long occupied the attention ofour
statesmen. The free use of the St. John river was
considered important to the eastern lumber trade.
But the most pressing and urgent motive undoubt-
edly arose from the value of the fisheries near the
maritime provinces, and the imminent probabil-
ity of hostilities with Great Britain unless some
method could be devised by which the fishermen
of the United States might pursue their calling on
those coasts. A large number of our fellow-citi-
zens are engaged in these fisheries. Their lifetime
is one of difficulty and peril. From the energy and
character formed by a continual struggle with the
rough elements m the northern seas springs the
multitude of those who, by their unconquerable
perseverance and hardihood, enrich us by pro-
moting our foreign commerce, and carry our na-
tion's flag into the ports of every sea. A prac-
tical acquiescencc had to some extent been given
to our limited participation in the fisheries. The
provincial coast abounds in deep bays and inlets,
very extensive, and forming an important portion
of the fishing grounds. It was claimed by Great
Britain that as she had juiisdiction within three
miles of the coast, the old-time limit of cannon-
shot, the distance should be measured, not along
the sh*ore, but from ceitain specified and promi-
nent headlands. This was for a long time an
essential point in the controversy.
By the convention of 1818 between Great Brit-
ain and the United States in relation to the fish-
eries, we renounced forever any liberty thereto-
fore enjoyed or claimed by American citizens to
take, dry, or euro fish on or within thiee marine
miles from any of the coasts, bays, creeks, or Imr-
boisof British North Aniei ica, but stipulated that
they should have forevei in common with the sub-
jects of Great Britain the liberty to take fish of
every kind on certain parts of the coast of New-
foundland, atound the Magdalen islands, and on
the coast of Labrador.
Complaints having been made by the several
colonies that the British Government did not en-
force the provision of the convention, but per-
mitted Americans to encroach upon the fishing
grounds thus renounced, a case was prepared in
3843 by the legislature o! Nova Scotia, to be sub-
mitted in the impel lal Crown officers; and the Ad-
vocate Gencial and Attoi ney Geneia! ot England
gave it as their deliberate opinion that "by the
terms of the convention, American citizens are
excluded from any right of fishing within three
miles from the coast of British America, nnd thnt
the prescribed distance of three miles is to be
meesuied from the luadlands or extreme points
of land, next the sea, of the coast, or of the en-
trance ot bays or indents of the coast, and con-
sequently that no i ight exists on the pat t of Amer-
ican citi/.ens to enter the bays of Nova Scotia,
there to take fish,although the tithing being within
the bay may in; at a greater distance than thiee
miles fiom tlie; shore of the bay; as We are of
opinion that the term ' headland'is ust d in the
treaty to expie.ss that part of the land we have
before mentioned, including the interiors of the
bays and the indents of the coast."'
The colonial authorities maintained this view
of the case, and it was continued by Mr. Web-
ster, then Secietaiy of State, who, after quoting
the first article of the convention, used the fol-
lowing terms:
"It would .ipjvai- that by a hihI and i ilck! (.oiMUletiOH
Of lim-- nilteif Icdiin^ "( the United State.- :!'<• pi<>
eluded li<>[ii riili nujj into the hayMn hai!x>i>of the BiuMi
province-, e.v cjif pa tne puipo-c^ ot t-helfei, lepainnir
li.ini.tee^. and obtaining wood and wain. A buy, a-.
UMia'iy umh'r^toocl. e- au arm m n ot* the sea, eiiteuiv
from rlie uee.m In uveen eap.- o] hrudluiuN; and the term
is applied '"p d'y to -~m.iU mul iui«i it.iet-. o[* wafei thus
Mlu.itt'd. 1? !•- t (million to sp« ,ik ot Hud^mf- lu\,orihe
ha\ <>l iSi" uv. although ihey an- ver\ lai^c uaetM.il water.
"The iJiin !  auiinniti..- ,n-i-t Uyit England ha- a ughl
to draw a line imiu headland lo leadKuid, and to euptitie
all A merit an ii-he1 men who may fallow then puis ruts- m-
t-ide oi ih.il hue. J r w.w undoubtedly an ovei iyl>t m the
convention ot J -dS in in ike to iru c a t oiic^mdii to llny-
larui, since the Um'ed States had usually considered that
those vast mleti oi recedes of the ocean ou^tit to bo open
to American fishermen, as freely as thescaitsclf, to within
three marine miles ot*the shore."
It would be difficult to devise a system more
likely to embroil the citizens and subjects of the
respective countries. From the nature of the oc-
cupation itself, and the natural character of those
who are engaged in it, frequent infringements of
such rules would arise. The precise distance
of three miles can never#be readily ascertained.
Through the interests of men and theardorof the
chase, very different estimates would be made.
A settlement of the question in such a way as to
give pcace and security to the people on both
sides was exceedingly desirable. The British
authorities, at the instigation of the colonies, in-
sisted upon the strict construction of the conven-
tion, which had longbeeri inoperative or partially
enforced. Applications for the navigation of the
St. Lawrence, previously granted by courtesy,
were withheld. A large number of armed vessels
was sent by Great Britain to the colonial stations.
An excited state of public feeling prevailed. Mr.
Webster gave official information that an Ameri-
can fishing vessel had already been taken by the
British naval force on the provincial coast. Its
crew were carried as prisoners into a British port.
An expedition from other American vessels had
hastily been armed and organized, and had forci-
bly ictaken the captured vessel. It was deemed
prudent by the statesmen of each nation to arrest
the progiess of events which might, almostatany
time, have precipitated the two countries into war,
and, jf possible, to prevent their recurrence in the
futuie. There was, as the present Secretary of
State then said, "only one way that Congress
could act, and that was by reciprocal legislation
with the Butish Parliament or the British colo-
nies of some sort." By the treaty the impending
dangers were wisely and honorably aveited. The
llsh cured by the colonists was admitted free of
duty into our markets, and we acquired for our
fi.sheimen, " in addition to the hbetty secured to
them by the above-mentioned convention of Octo-
ber 20, 1818, of taking, ruling, and diying fish
on ceitain coasts of the British North Ameiican
colonies therein defined, the liberty in common
with the subjects of her Biitannie Majesty, to
take fish of eveiy kind, except shell-fish, on the
sea-coasts and shores, and in the bays, haibois,
ami creeks of Canada, New Brunswick, Nova
Scotia, Prince Edwaul's Island and of the seveial
islands thereunto adjacent, without being re-
stricted to any distance from the shore, with per-
mission to land upon the coasts and shores of
those colonies and the islands thereof, and also
upon the Magdalen islands, for the purpose of
drying their nets and curing their fish; provided
that in so doing they do not interfere with the
rights of private property, or with British fisher-
men, in the peaceable use of any part of the said
const in their occupancy for the same purpose."
Bills of reciprocity had from time to time been
previously  eported to the House, butnonewerc
adopted. " After the repeal of preferential duties
favoi ing colonial pioduce in the home maikets of
Cheat Britain, measuies for its free admission
into the United States were moie strenuously
uiged on behalf of the colonies. The name and
intention of reciprocity, and the hope of approach
to a system which could not fail to be mutually
beneficial, weie hailed with delight by many of
the best and wisest of the nation. The plan was
earnestly advocated on behalf of those great prin-
ciples which, overlooking sectional boundaries,
seek to allow free and practical scope to the nat-
ural alliance of material lnteiests with the most
noble mid benevolent designs of public or inter-
national policy.
The Btitish and colonial authoiities refused to
i negotiate on the subject of the fisheries or the
navigation of the St. Lawrence apart from the
subject of our commercial relations with the
colonies, and they were all included in the treaty
of 18<)4.
Our commercial relations with Canada and the
other British possessions in North America have
been viewed from so many local points; the trade
of one city or district has so often been considered
as fairly illustrating the character of the whole
commerce between us and our neighbors on the
north; statistics have frequently been so partially
examined with a desire to vindicate some fore-
gone conclusion rather than to discover and de-
duce the truth; isolated facts have been reiterated
without due regard to others of no less importance
—that lew enter upon consideration of this ques-
tion without having formed unjust or acrimoni-
ous opinions in relation to it. ^ I do not believe
that calm argument, and candid, patient investi-
gation are inconsistent with those just conclusions
on all international subjects which are essential to
the greatest prosperity of the public; or that it is
more patriotic for us who have been sent here to
assist in forming laws for the government of this
people, to be rigorous and special advocates of
some preconceived opinions or local interest than
to be unbiased judges desirous of promoting the
interests of the nation at large. I would be influ-
enced by no hasty opinion, still less by any in-
veterate prejudice; considering details, but only
considenng them in connection with the broader
views relating to the aggregate, by no means
singling out especially for attack such a condition
of international trade as may be presented at
some one minor point of entry, but including as
far as practicable the whole commerce of the
United States with the countries whose territory,
extends far beyond our own on the northeast
shore,and follows inland the projection of Maine,
the great lakes of the interior, the wilds of our
extreme northwestern Territories and the Rocky
mountains; and is ns near to the gold-bearing
States on the Pacific as to New England and the
Atlantic, presenting a frontier contei minous-with
our own for at least four or five thousand miles,
from Maine to Oregon.
A widespread impression as to the operation
of the tieaty has been created by imperfect or
mistaken representations. The injury wrought
by them is not limited within these walls. The
people look to us, if not for guidance, at least'for
the results of careful thought and deliberate in-
vestigation.
It is essentially the nature of our trade with the
provinces that our exports from ceitain western
ports should be very large and then importscom-
paratively insignificant, while the produce from
these regions and Canada is poured into easterly
places of entry, whence scarcely any expoitation
of the same ai tides takes place. Hence, on one
side, the amounts of our sales, which aie sup-
posed to be beneficial, are regarded too exclu-
sively,and on the other our puiehasesare chiefly
considered, and these arc supposed to be injurious
to our interests, in accoidunce with a popular but
erroneous theory applying to great international
questions between ourselves and the foreigner
such pi mciples as are evidently false in individual
transactions between man and man. We must
consider theinteiestsof the whole country, study-
ing the facts presented by the whole case. We
shall then, I think, bo led to the conclusion ex-
pressed by the concunent resolution of the State
of New Yoik, that " fiee commeicial inteicouise
between the United States and the British North
American provinces and possessions, developing
the natural, geogiaphieal, and other advantages
of each foi the good of all, is conducive to the
present interest of each, and is the only proper-
basis of our intercourse for all time to come."
Let us approach the subject of our relations to
the people of these countries with a desire to
compieheiid it accurately and fully as it is, and a
conviction that rrtois made in the apint of lib-
erality and friendship are less likely to be injuri-
ous than the perverse misunderstandings and re-
criminations which, with their natural results of
hatred, war, devastation, and bloodshed, have
hithri to contributed the largest portion to human
histoiy.
Theie is, I think, a general belief that the bal-
ance of trade, as it is called, is against us in our
intercourse with these colonies, but the statistics
recently fur niched by the Sect etai y of the Treas-
ury show that during the period which has elapsed
since the treaty went into effect, and computing
up to as Sate a date as our authentic records will
permit, our exports to the provinces have been
$171,028,779, while our imports have been only
$144,183,096, showing that we have sold to them
more by §£6,415,G33 than we have bought from
them.
It appears on the same authority that while the
amount of our exports to Canada alone, since
1855, has been §134,614,376, we have imported
thence articles to the value of $133,147,600, leav-
ing a balance in our favor of §1,466,776. The
exports of 1863 includc §3,502,180 of gold coin.
