312
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
duty on spirituous liquoi.*, and all other spirituous bever-
ages enumerated m Mni act. shall be collected at no lower
rate than the basis of first proof, and shall bo inciea>ed in
propoiuou for any greater strength than the strength of first
proof.
Sec. 9. Jlnd be it further enacted, That all spirits or other
articles on which duties are imposed by the provisions of
this act, or of the act referred to in the first section of this
act, and amendments thereto, which shall be found in
the possession or custody or within'the control of any
person or persons, for the purpose ot being cold by such per-
son or persons* in fraud of the internal revenue laws, as
heretofore referred to, or with design to avoid payment of
said dutifs, may be seized by any collector <>i deputy col-
lector who shall have reason to believe that the tame are
possessed, had, or held for the purpose or design afoiesatri,
that the same &hall be foifcited to the United States; and also
alt article* of raw mntetials found in the possession of any
person or per.-ons intending to manufacture the same for the
purpose ofbt mg sold by them, m hauci of said laws, or with
design to evade tiie payment of t-aid duties; and aho all
tool ^implements, internment*, and personal property what-
soever, used in the place oi building, or within any yard or
tncloMire vvbuio Mich artielo^ou which dunes aio imposed,
as aforesaid, shall be found, may also be seized by any col-
lector or deputy collector, a.* aloiesmd, and the came shall
be forfeited as aforesaid. And the proceedings ro entoiee
said torfeituio shall bo in the nature of a ptoeceding in rem
in the circuit or district court of the (Timed State-* for the
di^tnct where such teizmc i> made, or in any oilier comt
of cotnpi tent juiiMliLtiun. Ami any person who t>hall have
in his custody or possession any such >j>h its or other arti-
cles, subject to duty as afore ;ud, for the purpo>e of selling
the same with the doigu ol avoiding payment ol the duties
imposed thmoon, t-hnll bo liable to u penally of .^.>00, or not
less than double the amount ot duties liaudulentiy attempt-
ed to bo evaded, to be iccovercd as other penalties pio-
vided by the <u t heietoforc mentioned; and also that the
fepmts and other ai dele* which tdiall be so seized bv a  y
collector or deputy eollectoi t-hall, during tin; pendency
of such pioeeedmgs, be delivered to the maish;il oi said
district, and iem:nn in hit- cai e and en-tody ami nndei his
contiol until final judgment ins licit proceed tugs >hall he ien-
deied : Pioiidcd, however, Thai v/hoie, owing to it*^ pci ish-
abb- nature, the expense ol t-ioia^e, or otliej eiicnn^unee.-'
the value of the piopertj scr/ed may be diminished by de-
lay of *ale, the owner thereof mav apply to the a^e-s'or of
the district, who rdml!, if lie deem it expedient that the
propciry mj s-eized should be sold, cause ihe same to be ap-
praised under his direction nnd control, and dchveied to
the owner, if the said owner shall «i\e bond or bond • in an
amount < <]iial t<> the upptniM'd v.ilue, with Mich sureties as
the a^e>M  shall adjudge good and Mijhrient, u Inch shall
be by h i in ti an^ni it ted to the Commissioner ol Interim! Rev-
enue, to lie held and collected, or an) pait tin leot, ot sui
MMidered in iieeoidimce with the final lud-iment, ord< i, oi
decree ol the court havim.- jm i-diclmn of the case; or, It
tin.' owuei Mudl not apply a^ almer-aul, the a^c^ot, up,,i>
the .ippheaimn oi the marhal ol' the i-uid do met in wnose
custody anil contiol said sphlu or otbei articles seized as
alore-aid, mav be, fhall appi a|>e oi have the same appiawd
undei his duection and contiol, and shall issue and re tin n
to the i.i.n-bal .Uoic.nd an oidei to .-ell (be sam< , and the
said inaishal .shall (heienpon advoifisc mid m-II the fame,
and the piooecds of sale, allerdedueiin" tlieieliom the eosi.s
of r>ei/aue and >ale, shall be paid into the com t having pun—
diction of the ease, nnd paid out as the said eoui t hhall on
final judgment oidei or decree.
Sue. 3. shul he it further cnactcd, That nil distilled '•pir-
ns upon which <m i .\c (so duty U nnpo ed by law in.iv lie
expot ted without paj mem oi said dniv, mul, when t ho^-inno
is intended lor evpoiution, nin\, without hein  chanted
with dun , be icmoved tiiulei Mnii i ules and legul at ions and
upon the exeeutionot iiieii tian poi uinm bond.j oi otln i
m'cmiiy the Srctemrv ol' the Ti< :imh v mav ptc-c: ibe ,
j aid bonds oi other M-eni hv to he taken hy tlie collectoi ot
liil( I oal ICVI line ol Hie di am t Hum which such removal
l - made : P> ot ;,//•,/, Th.it the sml -pia!- shall be t Kin^iO! tod
duictly ftotii ihe di 1111 eiy oi a bonded w.nt hou,-e to a
boud< d waieliotjse e-nhh .lied in eonloimit\ with the law
and Trea-nry iei.Milation-1, at a pmt <>! entry'ol the ("nind
Sl.ites, and u-ed loi the -toia^e oi diddled ^pit it- ; and to |
be plrtced in ch.uge ol a ptopero/lieei o| (he en--|ont who, ;
toiietbei with the o\\ ik i .out pi opi jrt"i of t lie \v,n elioil-c, 1
shall have tlie joint ( U-lod\ ol all the di -111led spints Moted j
In «nid w;u ehoiHe And all I he Jabot on the goods -o - toied j
shall be peitoimi'd by the owncror piopuctui ot the waie- i|
hon-o, under the • npem-ion of the othcej oi ilie ciw«nih ; i
jn chaige of the same, and at the e\p"ts-e of tin; said on ner ji
or pr<>piiciot; ami the said spnits -hall .d-o be btihject to ![
tin Niiii!1 itili - nnd k gulations, and be changeable with the !'
saineeosj--aiid e\peu -es. hi all respects, to which otln rgoods 11
that ate di posited in public stoic fui e\poitation lioin the i'
t'nited States n.a> be subject And no di.iu hack .shall in |
any e;i- e be allow cd on an) distilled pu it upon \\ hich an >
excise <1 .it\ -hall have her n p*iid cuIm i heloie oi alLei it ')
shall have been pl.tct d in a bonded u are!tonse as aloi e.^aid; !'
but no pi (• v*isio(t oi t hi- a< ! sbol I be ' ons( i ucd to i r peal e.\ i;
is-imir laws unieb pio\ide that ,h-tilled spn n. may be h> !j
moved liom the pla-e ol iiianu'.iciuie oi bonded waiehou^e ij
loi Hie pui po--e Ol nem^ Jedl-tilled ioi e\poi tatioir, ot w hit ll 1
prm ide.s (or the manuiacture loi e\[ion,iiion ol mt <Ih me-,
j)i« par.itloiir-. compo- ibons. perfnnii'i \, and eesnieucs. ! j
■-■re. 4. .''liirfbe it ftnther enurfrtl, Th;it, lioin and af'fei t
tli" [tast-age ol tins aci, m iieu ol tiie duKes pio\ided m the ''
act tef' lied to in the liisi section ol this ner. theie sijull he j:
levied, t ollceled.aud pud upon ail cotton pioduced oi sold | >
and icuioi ed lei t-Oie-uinption, and upon \\ Inch no dun has i •'
boon lo\i'.'d, paid, or collected, a duty of two cents per !'
po-Jtid; and--u'-h duty sh'Jij be and icmaoi a ii«ii tlicrcon ''
until :ud uni) -shall have Ic n p ;i'j. in ;.ie po- session oi' j
any petson wiiom^t vci, And lurth. r. it i.ny pc* 'Od oi per- '
aOJ.s3 ( o>poia';oji oj -issocnit ion o. per-on*, ;emovo, c.m r\,
oi nan-p-'H the s'liif. or pioci to any otl-c-i parn or parties ■.
to i .'move, eari v. or nan-pm i tiie (.anit.1 nom the 'place of its '
production. With tuu iufentto evade the duty Uuicoii,or to '
defraud the GovotnmenL bciojo s,4id duty ^bali imv,3 been il
paid, such person orpetsoii;, ooip^ration oi association or I,
persons, shall forfeited pay to the United States double the
amount of said duty, to be recovered m any court ol com-
petent jui i^dictxon : Provided, That all cotton ofold by or on
account of the Government of the United States shall he
fwe and exempt ftom duty ar the time of and after the sale
theicot; and the same t-hall bo markPd free and the pur-
chaser furnished with*such a bill of sale as shall clearly and
accurately descube the same, which shall be deemed and
taken to beapcimitautborizingthesalcorremovalthereof.
Sec. 5. id he it further enacted, That every collcctor
to whom any duty upon cotton shall be paid shali mark
tin; bale?, or other packages, upon which the duly shall have
been paid, in such manner as may clearly indicate the
payment thereof, and «ha!l give to the owner, or otherper-
son having charge ofsuch cotton, a pcimtt for the removal
of the same, which shall be dated and contain a description,
including the weight and other marks of the bales, or pack-
ages, and a statement of the fact that fhe duty has been
paid. Whenever any cotton, the pioductof the United
States, shall artive at any port of the United States from
any State in insurrection against the Government, the as-
sessor or^ss,if,tant assessor, undoi the act leferred to in the
first section of this act,«hall immediately assess the taxes
due thereon, and shall, without delay, return the same to the
collector or deputy collector of said district, and the said
collectoi oi deputy collector shall demand of the owner or
other person having chaige ofsuch cotton,the tax imposed
by this act, and a^esscd thereon, unless evidence of previ-
ous payment of said taxrdiall be pioduced, undet such regu-
lations as fin' Commissioner of internal Revenue, by the
dirt ctton of the Sceretaiy of the Treasury, shall fiom time
to time presenile. And m cihe the tax so assessed shall not
be paid to such collector within thirty days after demand,
the collector oi deputy collector, a<aioieua"id, shall institute
pmceedings for the iceovery of the tax, which shall boa
lien upon said cotton from tho nine when said assessment
idiall be made.
Sec . 0. .-Jjif/ be it father enacted, That, from and aftei
the (late on which tins act takes eli'cct, m computing the
allowance or drawback upon articles manufactured exclu-
sively ot cotton when expoited, there ehal! be allowed, in
addition to the tlnce pm emit, duty which shall have been
paid on Mich articles, a drawback of two cents pei pound
upou "uch amdes in all cases where the duty imputed by
this act upon the cotton used in the manuiactuie thereof
shall be satisfactorily .shown to have been previously paid ;
thi! amount ol said drawback to be ascertained m Michnian-
nn as may be piesenbed by the Cotnmi^Monei ot Internal
lie venue, und(;i the dii cotton of the Sccretaiy ol the Treas-
ury
Sfc. 7. .'}nd he it fmthcr cnrfctcd, That, ftom and after
ihe passage ofthis at t, in addition to tin: duties hen lofote
imposed by law, theie >-hall bo levied, collected, and paid
on spirits distilled liom gram or othei niateiials, whether
oi A men can oi loieign pioduction, impoi tctf Horn foiejgn
eoiiiuncs, of lit t-t pi oof, a duty of forty cents on ench and
evciy gallon; and no lower rate of duty shall be levied or
collected than upon the basis of fii--t proof, and shall he
incrcnM'd in piopoition loi anygteater strength than the
stiength of fnst proof'.
Mr. YVASllBURNE, of Illinois,demanded the
yeas nnd rmys.
The yens and nays wero ordered.
Mr. HOLM AN. this fiuhstituie ihe same
us the original bill? If it is not 1 must call for
its reading
Mr. iS I'KVENS. It is not the same. Itmalcrs
it distinct thnt no duty shall be levied on any-
thing except what was distilled after thi.s bill was
inti oduced into the House. The other was doubt-
ful, and this makes the bill distinct on that point.
That is all ihe difference there is.
Mr. Speaker, 1 shall not avail myself of my
privilege of occupying an hour, which I have a
ti^hl to do, in closing the debate on this bill, be-
cause I believe tliitl this matter is fully tindetsiood.
1 want lo state disimctly, so that Hie House may
fully tin del st and, what is the bearmgofi he amend-
ment mi rod need into tins bill—I he pi inciplc t here-
in contained, us well as tho difference between
the two bills. By the legislation of 18G~, when the
lntei nal revenue system was inaugurated, after a
very full discussion in this House, it was dis-
tinctly declared that all of our taxes should be
piospeelive; lhat nothing should be laid upon
^oods manufactured prior to that time; that all
tiios" limits shouid he exempted from taxation.
That, was the principle then solemnly decided upon
by those who had control of this House, and who
passed that bill. The country was ri^ht. to .sup-
pose that that was the settled policy, unless vve
weie justified in decfivin^ the people, or n differ-
ent party came here to niter what had been done
beiote. "We know how the gentlemen on the
oilier side will vote, but if those on this side, who
were here during the last Congress, vote as  s pi o-
posed, then there will have been not only decep-
tion but tank injustice in what wus done hereto-
fore. And the public would have a right to
cnmnlam of a party which would thus hoUl out to
the country a particular policy upon winch tV-y i
might act, and niter having lutrapped thcni into |
operations based thereon, 'urn round and iev  rso ■
thai policy. I am opposed to any such pnneiplc,
and I undertake to say the country will be opposed
to it also.
Buttheamendmentof the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Fernando Wood,]although he pos-
sibly intended to embrace in it more than he lias,
embraces only one single class of people, and that
is the dislilleis. The section of the original act
to which this refers, and to'which this is an amend-
ment, embraced and taxed only liquors in the
hands of distillers, and nowhere else. After that
liquor had gone forth, no matter how it went forth,
it was not to be taxed. In the hands of the dis-
tillers it was to be taxed, and when offered-for
sale the stamp of the Government was to be put
upon it as taxed property, and sent forth to the
community with the official stamp of the Govern-
mentas property in which any man had a right to
| deal and traffic as he chose, as in all other prop-
erty. In other words, it was property sent forth
by the Government itself, after having paid a rev-
enue to lhat Government. And under such cir-
cumstances to place another tax upon it would be
as dishonest, in my judgment, as if I were to sell
a man a horse for fifty dollars free of tax, and
then, being sovereign, should turn round and tax
the horse i had just sold him one half the value
of the horse. I can look upon the morality of the
matter in no other light;
Now, if thp object which possibly the gentle-
man had in view in offering his amendment was
effected by it, what would he the result? But-I
I deny lhat his bill taxes anybody except the dis-
tillers. The tax is upon the distiller alone, and
■ a tax is laid nowhere else; and throughout the
' whole bill, as amended, the first section of it re-
| fers to nobody but to distilleis. You cannot reach
I the spirits anywhere else under the provisions of
i this bill. And yet this amendment of the gen-
1 tleman from New York lays a tax upon distillers
' who have once paid the tatf and who happen to
| have it on hand for sale. If gentlemen will scru-
; limze the amendment they will see it reaches no-
body else on earth.
' Some gentlemen here, I presume, have voted for
: the amendment because they wanted to tax the
| speculator, but in doing that they vote to put an
i additional tax on that in tho hands of the distill-
ers only, and allow everybody else to go free,
i But suppose the gentleman has reached what
; he possibly nUended to be the object of hid bill,
j what ha«* he reached? Liquors on hand. For
j what? Forsaln. A man who has laid up a store
! of a hundred batrelsin his vaults for ripening, as
| I have no doubt many able members in this House
| have, nreentiiely exempt under the amendment
; of the gentleman from New Yoik, even had he
j reached all he wished, for he says "all spirits on
; band for sale," Now, why not reach the seller,
j or the millionaire, who has hud in a bundled bar-
j rels for ten years to come ? Why let him go fice?
! Let tho gentleman who framed suclf an amend-
! meotanswer;! shallnot. Such is tho effect of the
! bill, and tho people will so understand it. They
: will see that while the stores of the rich men are
all exempt from this tax, the liquor which issold
from d ty to day to the poorman is reached by this
bill, il the gentleman has attained his object.
I submit to this House whether such is their
intention. Such is the bill. If you do, swallow
it, and swallow it as you would the very worst
whisky you ever got ni your lifetime. It is very
unpalatable to me, because it contains the rank-
est injustice.
But that is not all. The gentlemen from New
Enaland, many of them, have voted upon the
principle upon which this whisky is taxed in
voting to relax ail cotton fabrics on hand. It has
already pan! its three per cent., and it has not all
gone into use. Why do you not trace it to the
people who have it now on their backs? Tax
goods, tax cotton, tax cotton fabucs, but why
not tax it upon the wcaier as well ns in the hands
of ihe manufacturer who has it m hiscloth-room?
But let us go a little fin titer to show tho beau-
ties of this bill. It is rank in injustice from
amendment to amendment. We have also voted
here that all liquors imported under our last law,
which paid their dollar or two dollars a gallon,
which themerchantreceived and putinto his vault
opon paying the revenue to the Goveinment,"shall
be readied by the tax-gatheier and assessor m his
collar and hls vaults, and relaxed forty cen is moie.
N this the way in which citizens who have pro-
ceeded honestly and on the faiLh of your law as
it stood are to be treated by this Congress or by
this House? Are we to appear upon the records
