8310
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 27,
might be printed. I find that everything has been
printed except the principal amendment pending,
my substitute for the bill. I am informed by the
Clerk that perhaps it can be printed in an hour,
and it seems to me important that it should be
printed before we proceed with any action on the
bill.
The SPEAKER. The recollection of the
Chair is that some hours before the previous
question was moved the gentleman- from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Stevens] and some other gentle-
men suggested that various amendments, which
they designed to offer, in case the previous ques-
tion should not be called on Saturday, should be
printed, and that understanding was had. The
Chair does not recollect any other order to print.
■ Mr. SCHENCK. I certainly understood that
all the amendments were to be printed; I myself
suggested to the gentleman from Pennsylvania
that they ought to be printed. I now move that
they be printed and returned in one hour.
The SPEAKER. The order to print will be
made, but the Chair cannot say how soon they
will be returned.
EZEKIEL DARLING.
Mr. ROSS, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported a bill granting a pension to
Ezekiel Darling; which was read a first and sec-
ond time by its title, referred to the Committee
the Wholfl flouse, and, with the accompany-
ing repoit, ordered to be printed.
JOSEPH PIKE.
Mr. ROSS, from thesame committee,reported
a bill granting a pension to Joseph Pike; which
was fead a first and second time by its title, re-
ferred to the Committeeofthe Whole House, and,
with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
SAMUEL S. BINGIIAM.
Mr. ROSS, from the same committee, reported
back the petition of Samuel S. Bingham, and
moved that the committee be discharged from the
further consideration thereof, and that it be laid
on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
K. WOODWARD AND G. CIIOItPENXING.
Mr. NELSON, from the Committee on Indian
A flairs, reported back, with the recommendation
tlmt it do pass, joint resolution for the relief of
Elizabeth Woodward and George Chorpennmg;
and the same was referred to the Committee of
the Whole House,and, with the accompanying
repoit, ordered to be printed.
ADVEllSE RE POUTS.
On motion of Mr. WHALEY,the Committee
on Invalid Pensions was discharged fromthe fur-
ther consideration of the several petitions of John
Logan, Thomas K. Corn, Sarah Smith, of Mis-
souri, Henry Silver, Fredeuck Sheridan, Mrs.
James Yates, and William Wallace;and the same
were laid oil the table.
TREASURY PERMITS.
The SPEAKER announced the business next
in order to be the call of States for resolutions,
under which the resolution submitted on Monday
last by Mr. Ingersoll would come up for con-
sideration.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That in the opinion of this House ail permits
heietofwre issued by the Tioa«uiy Depaitment to any poi-
son or persons, allowing ^ueh person or prisons to trade
within the Unuts of any Stntfs now or heietoforem lebel-
lion, should at once be revoked ami no moie issued.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, i move to
postpone that resolution for ten days.
The SPEAKER* The previous question was
seconded and the main question oidered on Mon-
day last. The vote ordering the main question
was however reconsidered subsequently, and the
question now recurs on ordering the main ques-
tion. If the mam question shall be voted down,
the motion to postpone will then be in order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
main question will be voted down.
The main question was not ordered,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I no\y move
to postpone tor ten days.
On the motion to postpone, 50 voted in the
affirmative and 41 in the negative.
Mr. MALLORY demanded the vcas and nays.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of HHnoiK. 1 pronoKe
to withdraw the motion to postpone and Uebate
the resolution.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
this resolution having been presented on Mon-
day last, the rule which requires resolutions pre-
sented under this call and debated to go over does
not apply.
Mr, WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will then
insist on the motion to postpone.
Mr. MALLORY ealled for tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Eldridge, i
and Washburne of Illinois, were appointed. |
The House divided; and the tellers reported— i
ayes thirty, a further count not being demanded, t
So the yeas and nays were ordered. S
The question was taken; audit was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 72, nays tiO, not voting 50;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Ames, Ashley, John I). Baldwin,
Baxter, Beaman, Boutwell, James S. ihown, Ambrose W.
Clark, Cole, Cravens, Cieswell, Henry Winter Davis,
Dawes,'Demin?, Dixon, Donnelly, Edgorton, Eliot, Gar-
field, Grider, Hardin?, Harrington, Benjamin G. Hams,
JImby, Iloopei, Hotchkisa, Asahel YV. Hubbard, John II.
Hubbard, Jenekes, William John&on, Julian, KLellcy,Fran-
cis YV. Kellogg, Oilando Kellogtr, Knox, Law, Littlejohn,
Marvin,MclJiule, McDowell, Mclndoo, Samuel F.Miller,
William H. Miller.Mooi head, Moi rill, Daniel Morris, Amos
Myets, Norton,CltatlesO'Ncill, Patteison, Pike, Pomeroy,
Radl'oid, John H. Rice, Edward II. Rollins, Schenck, Shan-
non, Sloan. Smitheis, Spalding, rftevens, Strou^fi, Thayer,
Thomas, Tracy, Up^on, Eliliu D. YVa^hburne, YViiliam D.
Was-hburu, YVhecler, Wilder, and YVindom—7*3.
NAYS—Messrs. YVilliain J. Allen, AUi?on,Ancona, Ar-
nold, Baily, Augustus C. .Baldwin, Blame, Boyd, Biooks,
Chanlet, Colkotli, Cox, Dawson, Demson, Eckiey. Eden,
Eldridge, Fmck, Ganson, Griswold, Hale, Charles M. Har-
ris, Ileuick, lioiman, Hutchuis, Keritan, Knapp, Lazear,
Lc Blond, Loan, Long, Malloiy, McClurg, McKmney,
James R. Moms, Moirison, Nelson, Noble, Odell, John
O'Neill, Orth, Pendleton, Pruyn, Robinson, Rogers, Ross,
Seofield, John B. Steele, William G. Steele, Stilus, Stuart,
Van Valkenhnrch, YVadsworth, Chilton A. White, Joseph
YV. White, Williams, Wilson, Winlield,15eiijamiu Wood,
and Fernando Wood—(30.
NUT VOTING—Mfobi j. James C.Allen, Anderson, Blair,
Bli>s, Blow, Brandegec, Broomail, William G. Brown,
Freeman Claike, Clay, Cobb, Thomas T. Davis, Driggs,
Diimonr, English, Fainswoith, Fenton, Frank, Goocii,
Gaunell, Ilall, Hulhuid, Ingeisoll, Philip Johnson, Kalb-
fleibCh, Ka^son, Kimr, Longyeai, Maiey, McAllister, Mid-
dleton, Leonaid Myeis, Peihani, Peny, Price, Samuel J.
Randall, YY'ilham H. Randall, Alexander H. Rice, James
S. Rollins, Scott, Smith, Stan, Stebbws, Sweat, Voorhees,
Watd, Webster, YVhaley, YVoodbridge, and Yeaman—50.
So tine resolution was postponed for ten days.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the resolution was
postponed; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CONSCRIPTION ACT.
Mr. SCHENCK. I call for the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the consideration of the conscription bill,
hutthe Chairwill state to thcgentleman from Ohio
that at his request the substitute presented by him
has been sent to the printer. If, therefore, when
the House arrives at that point, the amendment
of the gentleman is not here, a vote cannot be
taken on it.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will then for the present
withdraw my call for the regular order.
PAY OF CONTESTANTS.
Mr. ROBINSON introduced thefollowingres-
olution, on the adoption of which he demanded
the previous question:
Resolved, That the Clerk be authoiized and directed to
pay out ot tile contingent luiui, to Cbailes YV. Ourrigan and
John Kluie, contestants and claimants to seats in tin*
Hou*e, whope claims have been adversely decided, tiie
usual mileage and salary to date ot such adverse decisions
rc^'ectivol}.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to ho put.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call for
the yeas and nays upon the adoption of the res-
olution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MOORHEAD. Is it in order to call for
a division of the question, so that the vote may
j be first taken on the case of Mr. Carrigan?
j The SPEAKER. As the resolution is drawn
; it would not be in order.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
tj the afth mauve—yeas 75, nays 61, not voting 4{j;
< a s follows:
\ Mo^r*.William J. Allen, Aneona, Daily, Augus-
tus C. Baldwin, Blair,Bliss, Brooks, James S. Brown, Wil-
liam G. Brown, Ohauler. Coffiotli, Cox, Ciavens, Cies-
well, Dawes, Dawson, Deniaon,Eden, Edgerton, Eldt idee,
Ganson, Griswold, Harding, Hairmgton, Benjamin G. IIar-
ris,Charles M. Harris. Ilernck, Holman, Hutchuis, Philip
Johnson, William Johnson, Kalbfieisch, Kernan, Knapp,
Law, Lazear, Le Blond, Long, Mallory,- Marey. Maivxn,
McAllistet, Me Dowel I, McKmney,William H. Miller, Mot-
nson, Nelson, Noble,Odell, John O'Neill, Pendleton, Fiuyn,
Had lord, Samuel J. Randall, Robin s>on, Rogers, Ross, Shan-
non, John P.. Steele,YVilliam G Steele, Stiles, Sirouse,Stu-
art, Sweat, 'J'hayer. Thomas, AVad^voith, VVaul, WJialey,
Wheeler, Uiuiton A. White. Joseph YV. White, vVinlield,
Benjamin Wood, and Fernando Wood—75.
NAYS—Me-pis. Alley, Alison, Ames, Anderson, Ai- ,
nold, Ashley, John D. Baldwin, Baxter, Beaman, Bout well,
Boyd, Colej Ilemy YVnitcr Davis, Denimg, Dixon, Eckiey,
Linn, Fainawoitli, Denton ,<Cooeh, Higby, Hoop"i, Asahel
YV. Hubbard. John II. Hulmard, Ilulbuid, Jenekes, Julntn,
Fianeis YV. Kellogg, Otlando Kellogg, Knox, Litllejolni,
Loan, MeBnde, McClurg, iMcIiuloe, Samuel F. Miller, Mor-
rill, Daniel Morris, Amos Myer=, Norton, Ohailes O'Neill,
Otth, Patterson, Ferham, Pike, Pometoy, Alexander H.
Rice, Edward II. Rollins, Schenck, Scofield, Sloan, Smith-
es, Spalding, Tracy, Upson, Van Valkenbumh, Eliim B.
YVashburne, William ii. Washburn, Williams, Wilson,
and Wmdom—61.
NOP VOTING—Messrs. James C. Allen, Blaine, Blow,
Brandegee, Bioomall, Ambrose YV. Clark, Freeman Clarke,
Clay, Cobb, Thomas T. Davis, Donnelly, Dtiggs, Dumont,
English, Fmck, Fiank, Garfield, Grider, Grumell, Hate,
Hall, Ilotchkiss, Ingersoll, Kasson, Kelley, Km", Long-
jear, Middleton, Moorhead, James R. Mori is, Leonard M)-
ers, Peiry, Price, William H. Randall, John II. Rice, James
S. Hoilms, tieott, Smith, Starr, Stebbins, Stevens, Voor-
hees, YVeb&ter, YVildei,YVoodbudge, and Yeaman—16.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. ROBINSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CLERK OF TIIE MILITARIl" COMMITTEE.
Mr. FARNSWORTH submitted the following
resolution, and demanded the previous question
on its adoption:
Whereas the House of Representatives did on the 22d
day of March, 1864, authorize the Committee on Military
Allans to inciease tne compensation of then eleik: There-
lore.
licsolved, That said increase shall commence with the
present fccsaion and be paid to said eleik while actually
employed.
The previous Question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. FARNSVV0RTH moved to reconsider
tho vote by which the resolution was adopted;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
FORT PILLOYYr REPORT.
Mr. NORTON, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was read,
and, under the rules, referred'to the Committee on
Printing:
Resolved, That there bo printed for the use of the mem-
bers of the Ilou^e, m addition to the copies already ordered,
otu- hundred and t-ixty thousand copies of the icpoi t of the
joint committee on the conduct of the war relating to the
Fort Pillow maxsacte and the cruelties inflicted upon our
soldiers while m tiie hands of the enemy as prisoners of
war.
v ILLINOIS,QUOTA.
Mr. MORRISON submitted the following reso-
lution,and demanded the previous question on us
adoption:
Whereas the people of the seveuil States not in rebellion
have equal mteiests m the attainment of every legitimate
aim and purpose of the existing war, and should theietore
bear equally the burdens of its pio^ecutiou; and whereas
the i^tate of Illinois has fully complied with ait demands of
tiie Government of the United States by promptly^ mnish-
mg all quotas of troops called for, with many thousands m
excess, andluitherdemands will gteatly prejudice her agri-
cultuial and othci mdu^tiial lntmeits: Therefore.
Resolved, That it is the judgment of this Hou>e that until
the other States have fmni-hed troops in their just propor-
tion to the number turmslied by the State of Illinois, no
further demands for tioops ought to be made upon said State.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. I would like to
have Wisconsin included.
Mr. HOLMAN. I would also like to have In-
diana included.
The House divided on .seconding the demand
for the previous question; and there were—ayes
25, noes 86.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. WILSON proposed to debate tiie resolu-
tion, and it went over.
"DISABLED SOLDIDUS.
Mr. HOLM AN submitted tho following: roso-
