1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3311
lution,and demanded the previous question on its
adoption:
Resolved, That the officers of this House having author-
ity to employ others connected witli the House ought to
give the preference in making their appointments, other
things b''ing equal, to disabled soldiers, who have be^n
peuimneritly disabled while m the military service of the
United States in the line of duty, and honorably discharged;
and that the offiecis of this House in making future ap-
pointments bo governed by the principle above expressed.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the lesolution was adopted.
JOHN S. PHELPS, OF MISSOURI.
Mr. MORRILL, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a joint resolution to settle and pay the
accounts of John S. Phelps, of Missouri, as a
member of the Thirty-Seventh Congress; which
was read a first and second time, ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was according read the third time,and
passed.
Mr. MORRILL moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was passed; and also
movpd that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LIST OF SURGEONS.
Mr. LAW suomitted the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretaiy of War be, and hereby i>.,
duected to furnish to this House a h«?t of the surgeons and
assistant surgeons of the Army and ot surgeons of volun-
teers holding commissions from the President, together
with such statements as will show how long they have
severally served in the field since 1861, in what position*
they have so seived, and what positions they now hold;
nlso, if having previously served as surgeons or assistant
surgeons urniei commissions from Governois of States, the
length of such service.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, objected, and
the resolution went over.
DIGEST OF ELECTION CASES.
Mr. DAWES submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
* Resolved, That the Cleik of the limine of Representa-
tives be authouzed to place at the use ol' the person em-
ployed by the Committee of Elections to make a digest of
election eases a set of the Congressional Globe lot the
period of tune covered by said resolution.
EMPLOYES OF CONGRESS.
Mr. GANSON moved that the rules be sus-
pended in order to introduce a joint resolution
giving additional compensation to the employes
of the two Houses of Congress.
The House divided; and there were—ayes 45,
noes 52.
So, two thirds not voting in favor thereof, the
rules were not suspended.
NEW YORK CUSTOM-IIOUSE.
Mr. ROLLINS, of New Hampshire, intro-
duced the following resolution; which was le-
ferred, under the rules, to the Committee on
Printing:
Resolved, That thhty-five hundred extra copies of the
report on the New York custom-house be pruned for the
use of the members ot tins House.
LAND CLAIMS IN LOUISIANA.
Mr. HARRINGTON asked unanimous con-
sent to introduce the following resolution:
Resolved, Thatthe Cleik of the Ilou^e be and is directed
to procuie copies of the field-notes, maps, lines, and sur-
veys of Andiy, suiveyor geneiai ot Louwana, contained
lis a recoui ot the office of the clerk of the Supreme Court
of the United States in the ca*e of the United States vs.
D'Autneve et aI,; and that such copies be attached to the
minority lepoit m thi.s case ; and thatthe expenses be paid
out of the contingent fund of the House.
Mr. HARRINGTON. I desire to say one
word in reference to that resolution. A majority
report has been filed in the case of the heirs of
John E. Bouhgny, claiming half a million acres
of land. The minority have filed a minority re-
port. In the majority report the surveys of An-
dry, surveyor general of Louisiana, are not re-
ferred to at all, and the minority understand that
those surveys settle the case against the claim-
ants. It is impossible to come to a correct con-
clusion without those surveys, and hence I ask
that they be obtained and attached to the minor-
ity report.
No objection being made, the resolution was
introduced, and agreed to.
SALARIES OF POSTMASTERS.
Mr. ALLEY. 1 ask unanimous consent to
take from the Speaker's table and put upon its
passage an act (S. No. 332) to establish salaries
for postmasters, and for other purposes.
Mr. STEVENS objected.
Mr. ALLEY. I move to suspend the rules for
that purpose.
The rules were not suspended.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
their Secretary, informed the House that the Sen-
ate had agreed to the amendments of the House
to the bill of the Senate (No. 29G) in relation to
the fees and emoluments of the marshal, attor-
ney, and cleric of the supreme court of the Dis-
trict of Columbia, and for other purposes.
That the Senate had also agreed to the report
of the committee of conference on the bill of the
House (No. 495) to amend the charter of the
Washington and Georgetown Railroad Company.
That the Senate has passed bills and joint res-
olutions of the House of the following titles:
An act (No. 121) for the relief of Lieutenant
William 1J. Richner, seventy-seventh regiment
Ohio volunteer infantry;
Joint resolution (No. 101) to provide for the
publication of a full Army Register; and
Joint resolution (No. 32) to grant additional
rooms to the Agricultural Department.
That the Senate has passed an act (H. R. No.
527) making appropriations for sundry civil ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending
June 30, 1865; and an act (H. R. No. 540) to
provide ways and means for the support of the
Government, and for other purposes, severally
with amendments; in which the concurrence of
the House was requested.
That the Senate also had passed bills of the
following titles; in which the concurrence of the
House was requested:
An act (No. 315) in relation to the sale'of res-
ervations of the public lands;
An act (No. 334) for the relief of Eliphalet
Brown, jr., artist in the Japan expedition; and
An act (No. 335) to carry into effect a conven-
tion between the United States of America and
the United States of Colombia.
Mr. NOBLE asked unanimous consent to re-
port back with an amendment fiomthe Commit-
tee on Patents, a bill (S. No. 112) for the relief of
the heirs of Almond D. Fisk, deceased.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let the bill
be read.
The bill, which was read, authorizes Phebe
Ann Fisk, as executrix of Almond D. Fisk, de-
ceased, who obtained a patent for a new and use-
ful improvement in coffins, dated November 14,
1848, for fourteen years, which has now expired,
to apply to the Commissioner of Patents for an
extension of the patent for seven yeais, under the
rules and regulations now m force for the exten-
sion of patents, as if she had made application
previous to its expiration, as required by law;
and the Commissioner is directed to investigate
and decide the application for extension on the
same evidence and in the same manner as other
applications for extension are decided, notwith-
standing the surrender and reissue of March 6,
1850, provided the application for extension be
made within thirty days from the approval of the
act, and the decision of the Commissioner be len-
dered within ninety days from the filing of the
application in the Patent Office; and provided also
that nothing in the bill shall be so construed as to
hold responsible in damages any persons who may
have manufactured coffins containing the afore-
said improvements between the expiration of the
patent and the approval of the act.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
know if that is nota bill forextending the patent
of a metallic coffin, thus putting an additional tax
upon the biood and ashes of our -soldiers. I
object to it.
Mr. NOBLE. I move to suspend the rules to
allow me to report it back.
The rules were not suspended.
NAVY DEPARTMENT BUILDING.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, by unanimous
consent, introduced ajoint resolution authorizing
the Secretary of the Navy to expend a portion or
the contingent fund for enlarging the Navy De-
partment building; whi<"ii leceivod its several
reading, was engrossed, and parsed.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the resolution was
passed; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CARMACK AND RAMSEY.
Mr. HALE asked unanimous consent to take
from the Speaker's table a joint resolution (H.
R. No. 11) in relation to the claims ofCarmack&
Ramsey, with Senate amendments thereto.
Objection being made,
Mr. HALE moved to suspend the rules.
The rules were not suspended.
TARIFF BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask leave to report back
from the Committee of Ways and Means the
amendments of the Senate to the tariff bill for
action in the House now.
No objection was made, and the report was
received.
Mr. STEYENS. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend concurrence in some of
the amendments, non-concurrence in others, and
concurrence in others with amendments. The
amendments have been printed, and I suggest
that in order to save time the Clerk read over the
amendments, and that in the case of those upon
which separate votes are not demanded the rec-
ommendation of the Committee of Ways and
Means be considered as concurred in.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection that
course will be pursued.
No objection was made.
The amendments of the Senate were then read
over, and the recommendations of the Committee
of Ways and Means in regard thereto were con-
curred in, except in the cases in which special
action was called for, and which are indicated
below.
Seventeenth amendment of the Senate:
Page 7, hue twenty-eight, strike out " 80" and insert
in lieu thcieof u60j" so thatthe clause will read:
On all iron nnpoited in bars for railroads and inclined
planes, made to patterns and fitted to be laid down on such
loads or planes without further manufacture, 60 cents per
onehundied pounds.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
Mr. WILSON. I call for a separate vote on
that amendment.
Mr. LITTLEJOHN. I demand the yeas and
nays on the amendment.
Mr. MORRILL. The House understands this
amendment. By the bill as it passed the House
a duty was laid upon imported railroad iron
equivalent to the tax imposed by the internal
revenue bill upon the domestic manufacture. The
Senate propose to reduce the duty, so that there
will actually be a less duty upon it than the tax
imposed upon the domestic a>uele.
1 know thatitis contended that the railroad iron
establishments are notable to produce enough to
supply the ordinary demand, but it seems to me
that that is not an argument for the reduction of
the duty. So far as I am informed, I believe that
a ieduction of the duty would not be for the bene-
fit of railroad companies that are building new
roads at the West at the present time, but for the
benefit of the contractors who have engaged in
them, and that it will merely enhance the piofits
of those contractors. I think it would be mani-
festly unfair and unjust at this time, when wear©
imposing burdens upon those who produce rail-
road iron at home, that we should re'duee the duty
on the iron that comes from abroad.
I thought in 1881 that the tax placed on rail-
road iron was a high one; but experience has
proved that it has not prevented the introduction
of foreign iron into this country. A large amount
has been imported underthattaiiff; and if the rate-
as proposed by the House should be adopted, i&
will only be the same amount of competition that
existed prior to the levying of the internal- tax,
and prior to the last modification of the tariff.
Mr. LITTLEJOHN. 1 hope the House will
concur with the Senate in their amendment to
this bill. Itshould be remembered by every mem-
ber of the House that in fixing our policy of tax-
ation upon the great interests ofthc country, we
should not so burden them as utterly to overturn,
and destroy any of the great interests which arc-
called upon to contribute to sustain the Crovorrv-
menf.
