1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2335
If there were no balance on the other side, this
fact would be unimportant. The articles brought
to the United States from Canada arc never arti-
cles of luxury, but of the plainest and most ab-
solute utility, for the most part necessary to the
maintenance of human life. Hence they are more
valuable than the precious metals, and usually
may be readily exchanged in the markets of the
world either for specie or any other commodity.
The isolated fact of this exportation, due to the
peculiar condition of our currency, waseagarly
seized and used to make an unfavorable impres-
sion upon the public mind. As the statistics of
the Canadian government credit us with some
such amount as I have named, it was inferred at
once that our exports to that province alone are
annually $10,000,000 in gold or its equivalent, it
needed only a Utile *breath, a few words, ready
self-deception, bold assertion, with sufficient con-
fidence in the credulity of the public, to expand
a. statement itself imperfect and erroneous into a
bubble of these vast proportions. Upon this airy
foundation were erected batteries of invective
against the treaty, as if by some means we had
been robbed of our just rights by the Canadians;
and a vivjd picture was drawn of the canals
which they had widened and the railroads they
had constructed through their forests, with the
unjust proceeds of the robbery. In view of our
temporary need of many articles in the present
national crisis—for instance, to supply our cav-
alry with horses and the grain most suitable for
their maintenance—I should not deem it incon-
sistent with sound political economy to purchase
them with the moral so abundantly supplied by
our inexhaustible mines. Neatly the whole trade
between the two countries is carried on by means
of gold and silver or their equivalent in bills of
exchange, or paper money icdeemable in specie.
For these reasons the exportation of §3,500,000
in specie is not much to be iegretted,but the per-
sistent habit of legardmg one side only is deeply
to be deplored. It led to oversight of the fact
that during the year in question we imported
through Champlain alone nearly five million dol-
lars m coin of the precious metals.
The balance of trade represents in the main the
amountof gold and silver or their equivalents sent
from one'country to anotherjand between us and
the provinces, since the treaty went into oper-
ation, that balance has been more than twenty-six
million dollars. Under the influence of an animus
unfavorable to fair discussion ilie error loomed
up into gigantic proportions, and it was stated
and sentforth to the nation that no other country
presents so unfavorable a balance-sheet with us.
This method of reasoning is little adapted to pro-
mote the interests of our people, or to increase
their political intelligence, and moie than likely
to dimmish the respect and good-will entertained
toward us by the people of other countries.
I may well be excused fiom further leference
to the errors with which the subject has been in-
vested. It is better to examine the results and
character of the trade itself, considering how far
reciprocity and mutual benefit do or do not exist
in our relations with the provinces, than to fol-
low to their end the delusive arguments of those-
who are opposed to the principle itself.
I have the satisfaction of knowing that this is
no party question, and that many gentlemen on
the other side of the House unite with me in ef-
forts to establish ot extend such a h'oetal policy
towaid the provinces as shall mutually benefit
both of us, knitting us together by the bonds
which are of all the most powerful, those of mu-
tual interest, well judged, m nccessary conform-
ity to higher principles. I am less^ desirous of a
union of the Governments than for a union ot
the people. I do not wish to admit into out lam-
ily of States any who are not imbued with the
spirit of our institutions and do not appreciate as
wc do the benefits resulting from them, or the
principles on which they arc established. Pru-
dent men of business are not accustomed in buy-
ing and selling to limit their transactions to those
who hold the same political or religious opinions
as themselves. There is no need for the hcibituti
of Lower Canada to quarrel with the staple article
of his food because it is made irom wheatgrown
in Iowa, Wisconsin, or Illinois, or for the work-
man m the factories of New England to ask lor
conscience' sake, or for the sake of his country,
whether the white loaf or biscuit ornamenting his
table is the product of the golden grain which once
waved on the fields of Upper Canada.
The facts carefully collected by the provincial
governments fully concur with our own in prov-
ing that an immense amount of benefits has ac-
crued to the people of both countries by the in-
crease of their respective freedom through the yet
limited removal of artificial obstacles to their in-
tercourse. Upon the plainest principles of com-
merce, the individual tiansactions constituting the
vastaggregate of this trade since 1855, and amount-
ing to more than fifty million dollars in 1863 alone,
must year after year have been sufficiently profit-
able to remunerate those who produced the sub-
stantial materials of the exchanges and those who
were engaged in the traffic, who, in their turn,*
could not have continued their business if they
had not found in the people at large customers or
consumers who were benefited by the purchases
they made.
The treaty was dated June 5, 1854, and its sal-
utary effects were partially experienced during
that year. Our exports to the provinces during
the seven preceding years have been multiplied
nearly three-fold in the seven years which have
elapsed since the treaty, having been $69,686,107
in the former, and §,171,028,779 in the latter pe-
riod; while our imports from the same regions
have increased more than four-fold—having been
$34,815,885 in the former period, against §145,-
183,096 in the seven years since the treaty went
fully into effect.
Taking a general view of the subject commer-
cially considered, showing the results in the ag-
gregate without entering into special and partial
details, it does not appear that the system as a
whole is one of mere favoi to our northern neigh-
bors or of injury to ourselves.
It is to be expected that of the raw or unman-
ufactured pioducts of the field, the forest,and tlu:
sea, computed altogether, the provinces will sell
mote to U3 than we can sell to them. This natu-
rally arises from the maritime position of the east-
ern provinces, and because the provinces stand
in much the same relation to the United States as
that occupied by the new western States to the
older settlements m the East. We receive from
them the products free under the treaty to a greater
extent than similar articles are exported to them
in return, but may leasoimbly expect to makeup
the deficiencies by selling more manufactures and
commodities ot tropical, Astatic, or other foreign
ongm, either the products of our own labor or
brought fiom over the seas, chiefly m American
vessels, and purchased to a considerable extent
with the manufactures or productions of this
country; thus employing and enriching; oui man-
j utactureis, merchants, and commercial marine.
| We find, in accordance with this view, that from
j these sources we have exported to the provinces
an amount which added to that of the raw ma-
terial sold by us to them is sufficient to make up
the balance of §26,445,683, duiing the period in
consideration, mote than we have bought from
them—a sum which has been paid in specie or its
equivalent.
The value of the foreign meichandise (exclu-
sive of aiticles passed through the United States
in bond) exported by us to the provinces during
the seven years immediately following the unifi-
cation of the Ueaty, was $31j366,23G—purchased
chiefly with productions of the United States, and
which yielded employment to the farmer and
manufacturer, shipper and sailor, as well as profit
to the merchant. The amount of our exports of
manufactuies and other aiticles of United States
origin, not included m the treaty, is officially
stated to have been $47,269,139 during the first
six years after it went into effect. (See Ex. Doc.
! No. 149, Thirty-Seventh Congress, second ses-
! sion, pages 14 and 20.)
] When investigating this question it is neces-
saiy to remember the peculiar relations of the
provinces to each other and to the mother coun-
try. Although owing in common a political alle-
' giance to one sovereign, each of the colonies is in
fact an empire within an empire, having a legis-
lature of its own. Each of them has a separate
tatiff,and charges the same duties upon the prod-
ucts of the others, and of Gieat Britain, as upon
those of foreign countries. Their union is polit-
ical, but not commercial; and the treaty received
the sanction, not only of the British Government,
but of the colonial legislatures of Canada, New
Brunswick, Nova Scotia, Prince Ed ward *s Island,
and Newfoundland. So far as I have been in-
formed, the results of the treaty with those colo-
nies, which, for the sake of distinction, may be
termed the "Maritime Provinces," have been
satisfactory, although as to them it should be re-
garded as neither complete nor final in itself, but
as only one link in a chain of events, permitting
the people of both countries to perceive more
clearly the benefits of mutual intercourse, and
to start with increased probabilities of success
toward a system of unfettered, absolute, and com-
plete reciprocity, so that each may enjoy fully the
natural advantages of friendly neighborhood to
the people, territory, and possessions of the other.
Of these provinces Canada is much the mostim-
ortant. In 1860 the inhabitants of them all num-
ered 3,253,000. Of these, more than 2,500,000
P'
constituted the population of Canada, and less
than 700,000 that of the others. This province,
projecting from the northern extremity of Maine
southerly to Detroit, and thence northerly as far
as any considerable settlements are to be found
near our frontier, occupies a position whence the
best route for passengers and freight to the ocean,
by that common highway to other parts of the
world, for tlie-whole year is through the territory
of the United States. For nearly half the year,
when, owing to a rigorous climate, the river St.
Lawrence is impassable, the only practicable
means of inteicourse for Canada with other na-
tions are through this country. Different routes
of communication may be opened through the
maritime provinces, but none of them can per-
manently bo so beneficial as the lines of travel
leading to the great natural centers of tlfe com-
merce and shipping of this continent, the northern
Ameiican cities on,the Atlantic. Nor are those
facilities unimptfrt&nt to the United States which
would create a free right of way, unquestioned
and unincumbered by forms, across the large pe-
ninsula of Upper Canada, separating several ot'
the northwestern and grain-producing States, to-
gether with a vast area of fertile territory yet un-
occupied, from thecommercmland manufacturing
regions in the east. Canada also extends up the
St. Lawrence on both sides for several hundred
miles from the ocean. Hence mutual rights of
transit aie exceedingly advantageous to both coun-
tries, and our commercial relations with this prov-
ince are worthy of special consideration.
General dissatisfaction with the treaty exists
along the whole of our .northern frontier near
Canada, and the moral and political effects which
it was hoped would result'from it have been de-
stroyed, the effect of the Canadian tariffs enacted
since 1855 having been to decrease very materi-
ally the amount of manufactures and goods of
foreign otigin sold by the people of this country
t(p those of the provinces. This alone constitutes
a sufficient reason for a revision of our mutual
commercial relations, so that our mamifactmers
may not only receive from the regions on the
north of us a considerable portion of their neces-
sary supplies of timber, breadstuffs, and animal
food, but may also enjoy a less restricted and if
practicablean entirely free market for the'products
of their labor.
During the last five years the manufactures of
the United States expoited to Canada have in the
aggregate decicased from $4,185,516 m 1858-59 to
$1,510,802 in 1862-63; and although the fluctua-
tions in our own currency and the scarcity of labor
arising from the war have tended to produce tins
result^ there can be no doubt that the chief cause
of this impoi tant change is to be found in the in-
creased tariffs of Canada, by which the duties on
many articles such as aie inanufactmed in the
United States have been gradually increased since
the time when the treaty was made, when those
chiefly levied on such imports into Canada were
twelve and a half per cent,, but have since been
changed, and aie now at rates varying from ten
to twenty, twenty-five, and thirty per cent. In
some instances, such as cigars and spirituous
liquors, a higher rate is levied.
The effect of these duties is to permit the im-
portation of British and French manufactures of
the finer qualities into Canada as heietofore, but
to stimulate the home production of goods of the
coarser and more substantial qualities, such as
those of the United States chiefly are. Canada
cannot, even under a high tariff, compete with the
nations of the Old World in the most costly and
