I860
CONGRESSIONAL
March 31.
"may be granted for the construction of the'North-
ern and Central Pacific railroads; which-was re-'
ferved to the Committee on Public Lands.
He also presented a petition of cilizehs of Knox
county, Ohio, remonstrating against the exten-
sion of the Goodyear patent for the manufacture
■of vulcanized India rubber;'which was referred to
the Committee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. TEN EYCK presented a petition of citi-
"ze'ns 6f Ocean county, New Jersey, praying for
additional railroad facilities between the cities of
New Yorkand Philadelphia; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
Mr. HALE presented a petition of citizens of
Rochester, New Hampshire, praying for the abo-
lition of slavery, and an amendment of the Con-
stitution of the TJnited States forever prohibiting
its existence; which was referred to the select
committee on slavery and freedmen.
Mr. CONNESS presented the petition of George
P. Ihrie, late colonel and A. A. D. C. on the
staff of General Grant, praying for compensation
for the loss of personal baggage and property,
captured and burned by the rebel cavalry on or
about the 11th of January, 1863, on the line of
the Mobile and Ohio railroad; which was referred
to the Committee on Claims.
He also presented the memorial of commander
Fabius Stanly, United States Navy, protesting
against the alleged unjust action of the late ad-
visory board in withholding from him a recom-
. mendation for promotion; which was ordered to
lie on the table, a bill in regard to such, cases hav-
ing been reported from the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
He also presented resolutions of the Legisla-
ture of California, in favor of opening to preemp-
tion the Nome Lackee Indian reservation, in the
Marysville land district, the same having been
abandoned by the Indians; which were ordered
to lie on the table and be printed.
Mr. WILLEY presented a petition of officers,
non-commissioned officers, and privates of the
eighth mounted infantry regiment of Virginia
volunteers, praying for an increase of the pay of
non-commissioned officers and privates now in
the service or hereafter mustered in; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
tile Militia.
_ Mr. BUCKALEW presented four petitions of
citizens of Philadelphia, praying for increased
railroad facilities between that city and New York;
which were referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
OVERLAND MAIL TO CALIFORNIA.
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire to call up a bill
which was reported from the Post Office Com-
mittee a short time since, being Senate bill No.
194.
Several Senators. What is it?
Mr. COLLAMER. It is to authorize the
Postmaster General to contract with the Over-
land Mail Company for carrying the mail.
Mr. POWELL. I hope we shall be allowed to
fet through with the morning business. I have
een trying to get in a little resolution of inquiry
for two days past, and unless resolutions arc
called for in their regular order I despair of ever
getting unanimous consent to put it in. I very
much regret to have to interpose this objection
when the Senator from Vermont is on the floor,
for He is always very courteous indeed.
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 shall be obliged to insist
on my motion. The bill which I have moved to
take up is a bill repuiied by the committee unani-
mously, and the public interests demand its pas-
sage. Jt will occasion no debate, I am 'sure.
Mr. POWELL. I suggest to the Senator that
we be allowed to go through with the morning
business. 'J hose of us who cannot obtain the
unanimous consent of the Senate can get in none
of our morning business, and I am not one of the*
favored class. Unless I can present my mornino-
business in the morning hour, under the regular
call, 1 cannot present it atall, and hence I oppose
taking up any bill until the morning business is
gone through with.
Mr. COLLAMER. The same remark will
apply to me. If I cannot get a little bill of this
kind passed in the morning hour, about which
there is no difference of opinion, I cannot get it
passed at all. At one o'clock there como up im-
portant'questions, such as the amendment of the
Constitntion,'and the floor is held on-such ques-
tions for days and days together, atid I cannot
get action on a matter of this kind unless I get it
in the morning hour. I hope my motion will be
adopted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question-is on
the motion of the Senator from Vermont.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
•194) to authorize the Postmaster General to con-
tract with the Overland Mail Company for the
carrying the mail was read the second time, and
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
authorizes the 'Postmaster General, in his discre-
tion, to contract with the present contractors on
the present route, No. 10773, commonly known
as th« Overland Mail Company, or any other
competent party, for the term of four years from
the 1st of July next, to Carry on-that route, to
commence:at Atchison'or St. Joseph,and'to Fol-
som, in California, all the mail except that part
which he'is authorized by law to send by water,
for such price as to him shall be j'adged best for
the public interest, not exceeding $1,000,000 per
annum, to be conveyed at the rate of sixteen days
for eight months in the year and twenty days for
the'remainder; butas the Pacific railroad shall be
constructed it is to be used for the transportation
of mails upon that route, and the time limited for
the trips of the company is to be proportionately
shortened, and the compensation allowed propor-
tionately diminished.
The bill Was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, rettd the third time, and passed.
OKDBR OF BUSINESS.
Mr. WADE. I move th«t the Senate take up
House bill No. 15 for consideration and postpone
all other business.
Mr. POWELL. I hope that may not be done.
I hope we shall be allowed to dispose of the morn-
ing business, to present resolutions and make re-
ports.
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire to know what the
bill is.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is a bill in rela-
tion to the creation of tho Territory of Montana.
Mr. WADE. It is the bill we had up yester-
day. I ask for the yeas and nays on my motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. I would vote for my col-
league's motion ordinarily, but I think it would
be better to allow us a few minutes to get through
with the morning business, and then I hope he
will have an opportunity to pass his bill before
the morning hour is concluded. We are wasting
more time in this way in endeavoring to get up
bills than we should by allowing the morning
business to be presented.
Mr. WADE, t am wasting none, sir.
Mr. CARL1LE. As the yeas and nays are
called for on this question, and as I voted yester-
day against taking up this bill, I feel it due to
myself to give the reasons that influenced me then
and will.influence my vote this morning. As a
member of the Committee on Territories I would
always vote with that committee upon any prop-
osition unless there was some overruling reason.
Now, sir, if the rules of the Senate, which are
made for the protection of the minority in this
bo3y, are to be set aside by a vote of the major-
ity, it is very clear that the rights of the minority
cannot be asserted, and really amount to no rights
at all. I am satisfied that the Senator from Ohio
docs not make this motion from any consideration
of that kind, or any desire to withhold from any
one in this body the rights to wluch he is entitled
under Lhe rules; but although that may not be his
intention or his wish, the action of the Senate, if
conformable to his proposition, will amount to the
same thing, and therefore I shall feel compelled
to vote against the motion.
Mr. WADE. I certainly did not wish to prac-
tice any discourtesy here, or to do anything un-
usual. I moved to take up this bill yesterday, and
I proposed to do what I have always done, after
I made the motion to allow this formal business
to be transacted, I still holding the floor; but it
was ruled that that could not be done, and I sup-
pose ruled properly, and I lost the floor by it. I
have now learned something more about the rules.
I do not care much about rules ordinarily. I
think the Senate ought to govern itself with' pro-
priety without much reference to rules. That
has always been my idea; and the notion that the
Senate of theUnited States must be bound down
by rules to bind them to a kind of good behavior
is what I have never studied or practiced much.
The Senator from Kentucky seems to feel hurt
because he did not get in his resolution yester-
day, and this morning he said something about
discourtesy on this subject. Now, sir, I was
driven to this position by what I understood to be
the ruling yesterday. I was disposed and wished,
to give him a chance to get in his resolution be-
fore I took up the bill; but I found that if I did
I could not get it up at all. I believe the whole
Senate will bear me witness that I oeeupy but
very little time here; that there are very fewSen-
ators on this floor who have not occupied more
time in debate than I have. I do not pretend that
they have done it unduly or improperly, or any
more than they ought to have done; but they have
felt it their duty to occupy infinitely more time on
this floor than i have. If the Senate agree to my
motion and take Up the bill, I understand that then
I may let in such motions as gentlemen see fit to
make,and I am disposed to do it; butif they drive
me to stand on my rights, I shall have to insist
upon the vote of the Senate. If it is adverse to
me, of course thatis all there is of it. If the Sen-
ate will agree to take up my bill, I shall be will-
ing to let the Senator from Kentucky or any other
Senator go through with those formal motions
that do not consume much time, and I believe that
has been a common and usual way of doingbusi-
ness here.
Mr. POWELL. I beg that the honorable Sen-
ator from Ohio will not think that I am at all cap-
tious because I could not get an opportunity to
offer my resolution yesterday. 1 have no com-
plaint to make about that; I am perfectly willing
to abide by the rules of the Senate. If they vote
to take up the Senator's bill, I shall submit grace-
fully; but I notify Senators that when the rules
are constantly in my way, they will find them in
theirs for the residue of the session. Thatis all.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I understand that all the
Senator from Ohio asks it to have his bill taken
up; and then, with the consent'of the Senate,he
retaining the floor, he proposes to give way for
morning business, and then go on with his bill.
I think that is proper.
Mr. WADE. That is what I propose.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I think the Senate ought
to agree to that, and I make that suggestion f it
meet with the approval of the Senate.
Mr. POWELL. If the bill shall be taken up
there will have to be a motion made to postpone
it in oider to let the morning business be called
through, or it will have to be received by general
consent.
Mr. SAULSBURY. It can be doqe by gen-
eral consent.
Mr. POWELL. The bill of the Senator from
Ohio is the unfinished business of the morning
hour anyhow, and the moment we get through
with the call of the morning business it will bo
before the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The yeas and nays
have been ordered, and the Secretarv will call the
roll.
Mr. WADE. I withdraw the call for the yeas
and nays. I will not contend aboutsuch a thing
in the.Senate of the United States.
. The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, the call of the yeas and nays will be dis-
pensed with. The Chair hears none. The ques-
tion is on proceeding to the consideration of the
bill indicated in the motion of the Senator from
Ohio.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the Senator will
withdraw that motion, and let us go on with the
morning business. *
Mr. WADE. I withdraw my motion. Let tha
morning business go on.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Reports from com-
mittees are in order,
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. WILLEY, from the Committee on the •
District of Columbia, to whom was recommitted
the bill (S. No. 3-30) for a charter of Masonic
Hall Association in Washington city, Districtof
Columbia, reported it with amendments.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (H.R.
