316
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
But, Mr. Speaker, we are told that unless we
use emollients this war will become a war of ex-
termination. We were met at the opening of this
rebellion by the claim that we must handle the
enemy i{ with gloves" or we would infuriate them.
Now, having become infuriated, and having put
to death two hundred .thousand of our men, we
are again told we must not pursue them further
for fear they may become more infuriated still.
I am one of those who have embarked in this
cause for the purpose of protecting this free form
of government, be the cost what it may.
1 said the other day that our Government was
upon the eve of bankruptcy. I desire to repeat it.
I say our Government cannot command readily
all the money it wants to carry on this war; and
the Treasury should not be depleted for the reim-
bursement of any single State. I say the people
of this great nation are willing to replenish the
Treasury,' but it must be done by taxation; and
I would, if I could, avoid drawing thus upon (heir
resources; but,if itbe necessary to put down this
rebellion, let every dollar of property in the free
States come under the hammer rather than sub-
mit for a moment to withdraw our armies and
make peace with the rebels until they thro w down
their arms.
I go fust for compelling the rebels to submis-
sion. If I cannot otherwise compel submission,
I go fordiiving them to expatriation; and if that
will not answer the purpose, I am most* unhesi-
tatingly for extermination.
I hope the wisdom of this Congress will pro-
vide legislation whereby the estates of these reb-
els may be confiscated for the use of our national
Treasury, in order to keep up our extended armies;
and if the consequence be that by ancV by the
children of some of these rebels shall be compelled
to leave their patrimonial estates and go to foreign
countries—as probably the fact*, in anticipation,
will wairant us in believing—1 say to them, "You
and your fathers for thirty years have been plot-
ting a vile conspiracy against the fieest, the best,
and the most beneficent Government the world
ever saw; and if you are now in your mad career
throttled and swept away, you can only complain
of the madness of your progenitors which pro-
duced these disastrous consequences." They
must say, in the language of Virgil," 'Nosputriam
fugimiis noa dulcia linquimus aivabut all is to
bo tn^-ed to the rebellion engendeied against this
good Government by the folly and madness of
our fathers."
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD obtained the floor.
Mr. PENDLETON. With the peimission of
the gentleman from New Yoik, i move that the
House do now adjourn.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. I yield for that
pui pose.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
54, noes U9.
Mr. PENDLETON demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was tnken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas ;21, nays ()8; as follows:
YEAS- -Mcs'iis li.iilv. niK«, Hrook-i, William <«. Diown,
Onj, ('j.ivriin, Doiun.-oiij Kldi idice, Oi ider. Hale, Heil^mim
O. [Jarn-, Ucuiek, llolman, William U. Miller. I'linn,
.Lunr.-, UoHi.ih, tfpalding, Smalt, !->\vc;u, Tiaej, and
Khlin l  —>1.
IVAVS—Mev*rs. Alloy. Allison, Am v, Anderson, John
T;. J.aldwin, l.a.Mei, lk>,miiin, iMiunc. Alow, Hounvell,
J5o\d, Biande^i'f , Biomnali, I'lcitiiiu ("!,u Ke. C'obb, Cu[<\
IJem v Wiatei D.ivis. Tlmnin-, T. Daw-*, Riwc^. I)m>n,
Dofiuelly. Diii'i,'-; Knot, Funk, (Jan^-on, Goorh. Giumcll,
IJonpci3 j.ioic|jki>-, A-a'H 1 VV. ilubkud, fhilburd, Julian.
Ka-ion, Kellcy, I nn<n ear, ^Jaivni MK.'luru, MeIiulo;\
Samuel F Mdlor, iUomi1, Danul Moms, Aimn
Clim!^ (VXoill. Ojth, Patterson, Peilum, Pike, Pimu-tov,
Pnor, William if. Ji:imU'l, Alc\a:id< i II. Kie<\ Jo|itl H.
Rice, Edwuid U Holing. ScotP'id, Snulh. Sniitlier-. S<e-
vca-,Thayer, lT|)'on,Van Valkcnbuigh, William B. Wa>h-
tmni, Wh.ilej, Wiiilam^, Wildei, Wilson, VVindom, Wm-
fiolrl, and Woodbridgc—03.
So the House refused to adjourn.
No quorum voted.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
theie be a call of the House.
Mr. PENDLETON. On that motion I ask for
the yeas and nays.
The yas and nays were ordered.
Air. ELDRIDGE. I move that the House do
now adjourn. ^
The question was put, nnd there werp—ayes ,>4,
noes 56.
Mr. ELDRIDGE demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mi'. BROOKS. J hope gentlemen upon the other
side of the House will consent to an adjournment.
It is now four o'clock. There is no disposition
to drive off action upon this measure improperly.
If gentlemen on the other side will fix a day for
taking the vote within a reasonable time, there
will be no objection.
Mr. STEVENS. I will say to the gentleman
from New York that if gentlemen on the other
side do not wish to discuss the measure to-day,
I want to say a few words, and am ready to go
on now. [Cries of "Agreed!"]
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, the
gentleman from Pennsylvania will have the floor
now, with the understanding that the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Fernando Wood] will suc-
ceed him. The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. I do not lose my
right to the floor?
Tho SPEAKER. Not under the understand-
ing just had.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. 1 withdraw the motion to
adjourn.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I withdraw
the motion that there he a call of the House.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Spalding] has said nearly all I
intended to say upon this subject. I begin simply
by denying that the Constitution has the least
reference to any one of the provisions of the bill
in question, and I intend to show that the act of
186x2, which was modified by a resolution which
it has been truly said was passed under duress
very little to the credit of the Congress that passed
it—that act of 186:2 is not ufFected* directly or indi-
rectly by any one of the provisions of the Con-
stitution, and that especially that part of the act
whieii provides for seizing propeity and confis-
cating it m fee simple is purely a proceeding un-
der the lawsof war and under the law of nations,
over which the* Constitution has no control, and
in regard to which it has no effect whatovei. The
first section of the act of 18G"3 punishes the crime
of treason with death and the forfeiture of pei sonal
estate. That, 1 believe, is notobjected to, because
personal estate, once forfeited ,-is forfeited forever.
There is no such thing as a life estate in personal
propei ty. IJe wlio.gets it for an hour gets it for-
ever. That is the plainest principle of law. The
second provision is that those who incite to re-
bellion shall be punished with fine and imprison-
ment. That has nothing to do with the Consti-
tution. It is not pietendcd, I suppose, that the
Constitution in any way affects it. Then comes
the clause of the bill to which gentlemen take ex-
ception; and what is that? It is to be found in
the statute-books of that session of Congiess,
page 313. It pio\ides that, to insure the speedy
termination of the present lebellion, it shall be
the duty of the President of the United States to
cause the seizure of all the estate and property,
money, credits, &c., of the persons guilty, and
apply the proceeds thereof to the support of the
Army of the United States.
Here is no attainder for treason, here is no con-
fiscation of piopcity undtir any piovision of the
Constitution. Then the law goes on to state how
you aie to seize and condemn property. It is to
be seized and pioceeded against in rem, according
to the law tor that purpose, and condemned. As
what' As the piopeity of traitors? No such
tiling- Condemned as "enemies' property." Does
not that show that the Constitution lias nothing
to do with it on the question of treason? Heie
are a body of men in arms against the United
States. This act of Congress, so far as it. refers
to seizures of propei ty in fee, refers to them as
seizures of the propei ty of alien enemies, to be
tieated as such.
Now, where is there a woid about attainder of
treason ? That pui t of the act docs not seize prop-
erty as tiaitors' property at all. But the learned
gentleman fiom Ohio [Mr. Spalding] has well
said all that I intended to say with reference to
attainder for treason. Attainder for treason is im-
possible under the laws of the United States as
they now stand. With out an ex piers act making a
connexion and sentence and execution for treason
an attaint of treason, there is no attaint of trea-
son ni the United States; and there is no such law
here.
By tho common law of England, after there is a
sentence of execution, or a final sentence, for trea-
son, an attaint is woiked, not by the act itself
of the sentence of death, but by the common law.
In the United States there is no common law. I
need not say to lawyers in the House that so far
as the United States Government is concerned
crime is only by positive enactment, andthereis
no crime at common law punishable under the
laws of the United States. Therefore, as there is
no common law the sentence and conviction for
treason works no attainder. It cannot be. 11is
impossible. And although the clause in the Con-
stitution provides against a positive act of that
kind by Congress, yet it has never taken place;
and to talk about what can be done under an at-
taint fo;- treason is not understanding the subject
in a legal point of view.
It is, however, essential to .ascertain what rela-
tion the seceded States bear to the United States,
that we may know how to deal with them in re-
establishing the national Government. There
seems to be great confusion of ideas and diversity
of opinion on that subject. Some think thatthose
States are still in the Union and entitled to the
protection of the Constitution and laws of the
united States, and that, notwithstanding all they
have done, may at any time, without any legisla-
tion, come back, send Senators and Representa-
tives to Congress, and enjoy all the privileges and
immunities ofloyal members of the United States.
That whenever those u wayward sisters" choose
to abandon their frivolities and present themselves
at the door of the Union and demand admission,
we must receive them with open arms and throw
over them the protecting shield of the Union, of
which it is said they had never ceased to be mem-
bers. Others hold that, having committed trea-
son, renounced their allegiance to the Union, dis-
carded its Constitution and laws, organized a
distinct and hostile government, and by force of
arms having risen from the condition of insur-
gents to tho position of an independent Power de
facto, and having been acknowledged as a belli-
gerent both by foreign nations and our own Gov-
ernment, the Constitution and laws of the Union
are abiogated so far as they ate concerned, and
that, as between the two belligerents, they are
under tiic lawsof war and the lawsof nations
alone, and that whichever Power conquers may
tieat the vanquished as conqueied provinces, and
may impose upon them such conditions and laws
us it may deem best.
it is obvious that this question is of vast import-
ance. If tho first position should be established,
then the rebel States, after having been conquered
and reduced to utter helplessness thiough the ex-
penditure of many billions of money and the shed-
ding ofoceans of loyal blood,may lay down their
arms, whicft they can no longer wield, claim to
be legitimate members of the Union, send Sena-
tors and Representatives to Congress, retain all
their lands and possessions, and leave the loyal
States burdened with an immense debt, with no
indemnity for their sufferings and damages, and
with no security for the future.
Ifthe latter proposition prevails, then Congress
will readjust the Government on the fhm basis of
individual and public justice; will protect the in-
nocent and pardon the least guilty; will punish
the leading traitors; seize their lands and estates;
sell them m fee simple; pay the proceeds into the
national Treasury to discharge the expenses and
damages of the war, and provide a peimanent
fund for pensions to the widows and orphans and
| the maimed and mangled survivors of this infa-
j. mous war; and, above all, will foi ever exclude the
! infernal cause of this rebellion—human bondage—
from the continent of North America.
In oider rightly to determine this question we
must inquire whether the " confedeiate States"
arc to be consideied asa hostile people, entitled to
; no other protection or privileges than are due to
foreign nations at war with each other. Is the
i present contest to be regarded as a public icar, and
i to be governed by the rules of civilized warfare,
I or only as a domestic insurrection, to be sup-
| pressed by criminal prosecutions before the courts
j of the country '• If the latter, then the insurgents
i when proceeded against have a right to invoke
I the protection of the Constitution and municipal
! laws. If the former, then they are subject to the
i laws of war alone.
j Another important question is, is this war
! waged by States in their coiporate capacity, or is
