3314
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 27,
perhaps at Paris whose wife wanted a silk dross i
deposited, or by a consul at Geneva who wanted
a deposit'of a gold watch, or by a consul at Can-
ton who wanted a deposit of a Cashmere shawl
of two, three, or five hundred dollars value. I
can scarcely imagine any object-in-it except as a
matter of speculation for consuls. I am very glad
the Committee of Ways and Means have recom-
mended non-concurrence,'and I hope the com-
mittee of conference will second their recommepd-
ation.
Mr. STEVENS. The committee,' after ex-
amining into the matter, came to the conclusion
that it must have been recommended by the wives
of consuls who wanted to secure some patch-
work for themselves, and the committee determ-
ined not to recognize patch-work.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The following amendment, in which the Com-
mittee of Ways- and Means recommended non-
concurrence, was read:
Sec.—. Jind be it further enacted, That so muck of
section twenty-three of the aot entitled "An act to provide
for tiie payment of outstanding Treasuiy notes, to author-
ize a loan, to legulate and fix the duties on impoits, and
for other purposes," approved March 2, 1801. as exempts
ftom duty nil philosophical apparatus and instruments im-
ported for the use of any society incorporated for philo-
sophical, literaiy, or religious pui poses, or for the encour-
agement of the Vine aits, or foi the me or by the order of
any college, academy, school, or seminary of learning In
the United States, is hereby lepealed. And the same
shall he subject to a duty of per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. HOLMAIST. It seems to me that this
amendment of the Senate embodies a very wise
provision. 1 know of no reason for the exemp-
tion from the burdens of taxation of a certain
class of our citizens, engaged in a very beneficial
employment to be sure, but not more so than
that of the laboring classes of the country. This
exemption applies to a very large class of cases,
to a very large amount of importations of philo-
sophical apparatus, and it seems to me the ex-
emption should not remain. It is not,as a gen-
eral thing, for the benefit of the poorer classes of
scientific institutions; it applies to a class of men
who as a body are as able to pay as any other
class ofotir citizens. I hopp, therefore, thu amend-
ment of the Senate, which f think to be a very
wise one, will be concurred in.
The amendment was non-concurred in—ayes
24, noes 68.
The amendments of the Senate having been
disposed of,
MivMORRILL moved that a committee of
conference be asked far of the Senate on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses on the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The SP.EA.Kt2R appointed Mr. Morrill, Mr.
Fenton, and Mr. Cox as such committee on the
part of the House.
COMPENSATION OF PENSION AGENTS.
• Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I ask
Unanimous consent to take from the Speaker's
table an act (8. No. 199) relating to the compen-
sation of pension agents.
Mar. HOLMAN. 1 move that the House pro-
ceed to the consideration of business on the Speak-
er's table.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. This
is but a short bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the re-
quest of the gentleman from Massachusetts takes
precedencg.
No objection being made, the bill was taken up
for consideration.
The bill provides that there shall be paid, over
and above thecompcnsation now allowed bylaw,
to every pension o^ent disbursing $50,000 annu-
ally, nntcxceedtng$500 pernnnumfor clerk hire,
rent of office, and office expenses; and to every
agent disbursing $i00,000 annually, not exceed*
ing $750 per annum; and for every $50,000 ad-
ditional, not exceeding *$'250 per annum tor the ;
purposes aforesaid; provided, that m no case shall :
the amount of compensation to any one agent ex-
ceed the sum of $4,000.
Mr. BROOKS, it seems to me that this pen-
sion business should be transacted without arty
chargo to the Government. During thesxistence
of the old United States Bank this business was
done through its agency, and it seems to me it
should now be transacted through the national
banks,
Mr.WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. When
the House understands thta matter it seems to
me there will be no objection to it. Under the
present state of our pension business the amount
paid out in our large cities, for instance New
York, Albany, Cincinnati, Philadelphia, Boston,
&c., has largely increased, and the amount paid
out in Boston this year will not probably be less
than $500,000. As the law has been, no pension
agent received over $2,000 salary per annum, and
had to give bond for $50,000. Butatpresent the
amount paid out has so increased that bonds have
now to be given for from one hundred thousand
to one hundred and iifty thousand and in some
cases to two hundred thousand dollars. It re-
quires now, to transact this business in the large
cities, not less than six clerks, so that the agents
in the Itrgo cities who give those heavy bonds
have left, after payingclerk hire, &c., only three
or four hundred dollars. Under the increased
business this year the $2,000 will not be enough
to pay clerk hire, and the result will be that the
pension agents will resign, and the business can-
not be transacted.
As to the idea of managing this matter through
the banks, I will say to the House that that mat-
ter has been brought to the attention of the com-
mittees of both the Senate and House, and they
came to the conclusion that the banks could not
manage the matter so well as these pension agents.
For two months in the spring and two months in
the fail the agents in the large cities will be com-
pelled, iri order to transact the business to the
satisfaction of the community, to employ five or
six clerks. And by this bill we simply piovide
for the payment of these clerks, office rent, &c.,
by providing that the agents shall be paid accord-
ing to the amount of business transacted. We do
not increase the salaries of the pension agents at
all.
Now, the simple question is, are the pension
agents in these large cities, who give bonds for
from a hundred to two hundred thousand dollars,
who transact all the business, furnish their own
rent, and pay five or six clerks, to be procured for
the simple salary of #2,000a year? There is nota
pension agent in any one of these large cities who
would not have to resign within a very short time
if we did not do something to furnish them with
clerks. Scarcely a week passosbutlettersarere-
ceived from parties in the cities, who have busi-
ness to be transacted with these agencies, com-
plaining that they cannotget it done without great
delay. The Commissioner of Pensions says that
it is impossible, umh r the provisions now made
tor thfir expenses, for Urn agents to furnish clerks
to transact the business expeditiously. This bill
has received the sanction of the Pension Commit-
tees of both Houses, and the Commissioner of
Pensions approves it. I think no gentleman who
examines the subject can object to it.
Mr. COX. I will ask the gentleman whether
the pension agents themselves have in their con-
trol and possession the money which they pay out.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. They
do, and they have to give bonds for it.
Mr. COX. They keep it and use it.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. No,
they cannot use it.
Mr. COX. They put it on deposit.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. The
gentleman is mistaken. The money is not long
in their hands. The money is never m their hands
for mure than sixty days, and if they have suffi-
cient force, and the business is done as it ought
to be, it is all paid over in thirty days.
Mr. BROOKS. I do not intend to oppose this bill
if the existmgsystem is to be kept up, I have.no
doubt that from the increasing number of pensions
and the increased responsibilities devolved upon
the agents an additional compensation will in that
case he necessary.*" I comprehend all that. I
comprehend also that at this late period of the
session it may be difficult, if not impossible, to
introduce a new system. My main object, then,
in calling the attention of the House to the sub-
ject was to suggest that prior to ihe next session
of Congress some gentleman upon the other side
of the House should prepare a bill by which the
national banks shall be made responsible for this
whole system of disbursing money in lieu of
pension agents. The banks receive the public
deposits without making any return therefor, and
m addition to that they hold public bonds on
which the peopleare paying large sums of money.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. The
banks do not receive this pension money.
Mr. BROOKS. But the money should be de-
posited with the national banks. Under the old
United States Bank system the pension disburse-
ments were made thiough the. old United States
Bank with little or no expense to the Governmen t.
It is evident that in the future the disbursements
will be much larger on account of the increased
number of pensions, and hence the expense and
responsibility will be much enhanced. I hope,
therefore, that the whole system will be taken into
consideration by gentlemen upon the other side
of the House, and that duiing the next session a
new system will be prepared and inaugurated.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. Jt is
impossible that any such arrangementcan be made
now. This bill has been very carefully consid-
ered, and I hope the House will pass it. I move
the previous question.
Mr. COX. 1 hope that will be voted down. I
desire to move to postpone the bill until Monday
next.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order
at this time.
Mr. COX. Then I move to lay the bill on the
table.
The question was taken; and the House re-
fused to lay the bill on the table—a yes 24, noes 75.
The previous question was seconded,and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and it
was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, de-
manded the previous question on the passage of
the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the bill was passed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, moved
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved to lay the motion to re-
consider on the table.
The latter motion wag agreed to.
APPROPRIATION BILLS.
Mr. STEVENS, The Senate has sent hack,
with amendments, the civil appropriation bill and
tiie fortification bill. I askunanimous consent to
have them referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means.
There was no objection, and it was so ordered.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman desire
to have the amendments printed?
Mr.STEVENS. No,sir; it is hardly necessary.
PAY OF CONTESTANTS.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the rules be sus-
pended to enable me to offer the following pre-
amble and resolution:
Whereas the IIouso on this day adopted the following
resolution: "iicsoiue//, That the Gieik be authorized and
directed to pay out of the contingent fund, to Charles VV.
Cairjgan and John Kline, contestants and claimants for
seat* in tins House, whose claims have been adversely de-
cided, the usual mileage and salary up to the date of such
adverse decisions respectivelyand whereas said re-vO-
Intion authorizing the payment of the salaiy of ^-aid co, ~
ti•slants Mom the 4th of M.nch, 1S&3, to the date of ttin de-
cisions in their respective cases is in conflict with the usual
rate of compensation paid to contestants: Therefoie,
Resolved, Thai the resolution above recited be, and the
same is hereby, rescinded.
Mr. HOLMAN. Why not modify the resolu-
tion ?
Mr. WILSON. If I can have the consent of
the House 1 will state the object of this.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. 1 object.
Mr. WILSON. Then I move to suspend the
rules for the purpose of introducing the resolu-
tion.
Mr. DAWES. I think that gentlemen on the
other side should not object to a suspension of
the lules. i do not see why there should be any
departure in these two cases from the usual prac-
tice in-jvgard to the pay of contestants. 1 cer-
tainly voted f®r the resolution but did not sup-
pose it to be a departure from the usual rule.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania, called for
the yeas and nays on the suspension of the rules.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania, called for
tellers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
Thu yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mi. COX. 1 a&k unanimous consent to make
a statement.
Mr, JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. I object.
