1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
The question was taken; and there were, on
a division—ayes 89, noes 42.
So, two thirds voting in favor thereof, the rules
were suspended, and the resolution introduced.
Mr. WILSON moved the previous question on
the resolution.
Mr. ODELL. I wish to make a simple state-
ment that will be satisfactory to the House.
The SPEAKER. Unanimous consent has been
refused by the gentlemen from Wisconsin and
Pennsylvania, [Messrs. Eldridge and Johnson.]
Mr. ODELL. I ask that objection may be
withdrawn.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. If any-
body is to mpke a statement* I want to make one
myself. fi
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. STILES, I ask leave to modify the ori-
ginal resolution.
The SPEAKER. Thatcannotbedone except
by unanimous consent.
Mr. STILES. I ask thatunanimous consent.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. I objcct.
The question was taken on the resolution,and
it was adopted, there being-, on a division—ayes
84, noes 11.
So the resolution was passed.
Mr. WILSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
tabic.
Mr. COX. Before that question is taken I hope
the resolution will be modified by unanimous con-
sent, so as to make it conform to the pay of other
contestants. Nothing else is desired.
Mr. A. MYERS. I object.
The motion to reconsider was laid on the table.
Mr. COX. I now move that Messrs. Carrigan
and Kline be paid the same as has been paid to
other contestants at this session; that is, from the
first Monday in December to the time when their
claims were decidcd adversely.
Mr. A. MYERS. I object.
Mr. BLAINE. I think that simple good faith
requires us to agree to this.
Mr. COX moved to suspend the rules.
Mr. COFFROTH called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Norton
and Cox were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 86, noes 32.
So, two thirds voting in favor thereof, the rules
were suspended.
Mr. COX. I now mo*ye the resolution which
I have indicated, and move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question oidered; which was on the adoption
of the resolution.
Mr. ROLLINS, of New Hampshire, called for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decidcd in
the affirmative—yeas 83, nays 62, not voting 37;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. William J. Allen, Ancona, Baily, Augus-
tus C. Baldwin, Blaine, Rlaii, Hits?., Blow, Brooks, James
S. Brown, William G. Biown, Coffroth, Cox, Cravens,
Dawes, Dawson, Demson,Eden,Edget ton, Eldridge, Eng-
lish, Ganson, Caificld, Cridei, Griswold, Hale, ll.uding,
Harrington, Benjamin G. Harris, Chailes M. Harris, Iler-
rick, iIolman,Hutchins, Philip Johnson, William Johnson,
Kalbflci&ch, Francis YV. Kellogg, Kernan, Knapp, Law,
Lazcar, T.e Blond, Long, Mallory, T.faroy, Marvin, Mc-
Alltixter. McDowell, McKinney, William H. Miller, James
11. Moms Monison, Nelson, Noblp, Odell, John O'Neill,
Pendleton, Pruyn, Radford, Samuel J. Randall, Robinson,
Rogeis, James S. Rollins, Ross, John B. Steele, William
G. Steele, Stiles, Stiouse, Stuait, Sweat, Thayer, Thomas,
Wadsworih, Waul, Webster, Whaley, Wheeler, Chilton A.
White, Joseph W. Whif>, Wilson, Windom, Wmfield,
and Fernando Wood—83.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Aine«, Anderson, Ar-
nold, Ashlej-, John D. Baldwin, Baxter, Bcaman, Boyd,
Ambrose W. Claik. Cobb, Cole, Herny Winter Davis,
Doming, Dixon, Diigg-i, Eekley, Eliot, Farnsworth. Frank,
Gooeli, Uigby, llotchki&s. A^ahel W. Hubbard, John H.
IJubbaul, Ilulbuid, Ingersoll, Jeoekes, Julian, Kelley, Or-
lando Kellogg, Knox, Littlejohn, Loan, MeClurg, Mc-
Indoe, Samuel F. Miller, IVfcoorhead, Daniel Morris, Amos
Myers, Norton, Charles O'Neill, Oith, Patterson, Pcrham,
Pike, Pomeioy, Alexander IL Rice, John Ji. Rice, Edxvaid
H. Rollins, Schenck, Heoiidd, Sloan, Smithers, Spalding,
Tiacy, Upson, Van Valkenbumh, Elihu B. Wa-hbmne,
William B Washburn, and William—62.
NOT VOTING — Mc^rs. James C. Allen, Botitwell,
Brandegee, Bioomall, Ohanier, Fu'eman Clarke,Clay. Ores-
well, ThomasT. Dave*, Donnelly.Duniont, Fynton, Finck,
Grnmell, Hall, Hooper, Kasson, King. Longveai, MeBnde,
Middleton, Morrill, Leonard Myers, Peiry, Price, VViiliain
h. Randall, Scott, Shannon, Smith, Starr, Stebbins, Ste-
vens,- Voorliees, Wilder, Benjamin Wood, Woodbridge,
and Yeaman—37.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr.COX moved to reconsider:the vote by which
the resolution was adopted; and also moved-to lay
the motion to reconsider on thetable.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CONSCRIPTION BILL.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now call for the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the consideration of the enrollment bill, on
which the main question has been ordered'on the
pending amendments. 1
Mr. RANDALL, ofPennsylvania. 1 move that
the House adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I rise to ask a question. The
amendment immediately pending I understand to
be that of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Gar-
field.] If that be voted down will it be in order
to move further amendments to the bill, or must
all the amendments to the bill be voted down be-
fore any other amendment can be offered?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the
questions which are before the House. The ques-
tion first to be taken is on the motion of the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,] to strike out
-the third and fourth sections. There are then
pending the substitute of thegentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Broomall,] and the substitute for
the substitute offered by the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Schenck.] If both should be voted down
it will then bo in order to offer amendments to the
bill. If either be adopted, however, it will not be
in order to move to strike out anything that has
been inserted. Motions may be made to add or
to qualify, but no part of that which has been in-
serted can be stricken out.
Mr. STEVENS. If the substitute of the gentle-
man from Ohio be voted down, will it then be in
order to offer another substitute?. - ,
The SPEAKER. Anothersubstitute would be
in order except for the previous question, which
will not be exhausted until all the amendments
pending- shall have been disposed of.
Mr. STEVENS. But lfboth arevoteddown,
then further amendments will be in order?
The SPEAKER. Further amendments will
then be in order either as a substitute or to per-
fect the original bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. But if my amendment be
adopted, other amendments will still be in order
by way of addition?
The SPEAKER. They will, but it will not
be in orde.v to moyet,to strike out.
The amendment submitted by Mr. Garfield
was disagreed to; and the question recurred on
the substitute offered by Mr. Schenck; winch
was read, as follows:
Strike out Mr. Broomall's substitute, and insert the fol-
lowing in lieu thereof:
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of Jlmencain Congress assembled. That
&o much of the act entitled "An act for enrolling and call-
ing out the national forces, and for other purpose-*," ap
proved March 3, 1863, and of the several acts amendatory
thereof, as provides for a commutation in money, to be
paid by peison& eniolled or draiterHoi military service, in
lieu of actually rendering such military service, be, and the
same is hereby, repealed; and hereaiter no payment of
money shall he accepted or received by the Government to
release any enrolled or drafted man from obligation to per-
form military duty.
Sec. 2. Jind be it further enacted, That the President of
the United States may, at his di&eretion, at any time here-
after, oidor a diaft for soldier* to serve tor a ie>s period
than three years: ProxUed, however, That no such draft
shall be for a less term of service than one year.
S ec. 3. Jind he it fait her cna<teJ, That the President shall
accompany any order for a draft of men for military ser-
vice with a notice that he will accept voluntcci^un lieu of
such drafted men prior to the day appointed lor liie dtaft,
to fill the quota, or any pait thereof, of any town, town-
ship, ward, precinct, or election district, or of any county
not so subdivided; and every peison so volunteeting, m
lieu of a man to be drafted, shall be ciedited to such town,
township, ward, precinct, oi election dMiict, or county
not so subdivided ; and it he vohmteeis and is acceptedaud
mustered into the seivice lor a term of one year, unless
sooner discharged, shall receive and be paid by the United
States a bounty of $100, and if for a term of two years, un-
less sooner discharged, a bounty of $200, and if tor a term
oftiiH?e ye.us unless sooner discharged, a bounty of $300,
oneJjalf of winch ^-ax^ bounty <hall be paid to the soldier
at the tune of hts beihg mustcied into the seivice, one
fourth at the expiration of one halfhisterm of service,and
one fourth at the end of his term of service. And in ca^c
of his death when in the service, any portion of Jus bounty
then remaining unpaid shall be paid to his legal represent-
ir
Wm
duty, he stiail receive the full hotfftty.! And itfe President
in any call or order for a draft shall specify the exhcVttike
o.f serviee for which such draftis to be made Arid-the.vol-
unteers accepted, in iieu of the wftole-orjajiy^nai-t^ill®
quotas to be .provided under that draft shaikhs tor mkaless
than the term of'sarvicfe for which tUt itkft is tdM,
Sec. 4. Jin&beitfurther enacted^ That drafted ftmn] Sub-
stitutes, and volunteers, when mustered''it>y shall; *be or-
ganized into or assigned to regiments, -batteries, or "qther
orgaruzsitions of then-own States, and, a*, far as practicable,
shall, when assigned, be permitted toseleet theirowft'tegl-
ments, batteries, or other organizations from among those
of their respective .States which at the time of assignment
may not be filled to their maximum number.
Sec. 5. Jind he itf urther enacted, That the twemiethfeec-
tion of the act entitled -'An act to amend an act entitled
'An act for enrolling and calling out the national forces,
and for other put poses,'approved February 24,1864. shall
be construed to mean that the Sccretaryof War-shajl dis-
charge mirtois under the age of eighteen-years, under the
cncunistaacosanet'-outhe conditions prescribed in said.se.c-
tion j and hereafter, if any officer of the United States shall
knowingly enlist or muster into"£he mJHtaiy service any
person under the age of sixteen years, with* or without the
consent of his parent or guardian, such person' so enlisted
or recruited shall bo immediately and uneoiuhtionallydis-
chaiged; and such recruiting or mustering officer .shall be
dismissed the service with forfeiture of all pay and allow-
ances, and shall be subject to such further punishment as a
couit-maitial may direct.
See. 6. *findbcil further cnacted, That section three of
an act entitled "An act to amend an act entitled (Aft'act
for enrolling and calling out the national forces, and* for
other purposes,5" approved February 24,1864, bp, ^nd, the
same is hereby, amended so as to authorize and direetdis-
trict provost marshals, under the direction of the Provost
Marshal General, to make a draft for fifty per cent, hi addi-
tion to the number required to fid the quota of any district,
as provided by said section.
Sfc. 7. Jind he it further enacted, That, instead of trav-
eling pay, all drafted peisons reporting at the place of ren-
dezvous shall be allowed nanspoitation from their places
of residence ; and persons disehaiged at the place of ren-
dezvous shall be allowed transportation to their places of
residence.
fc>KC. 8. Jind be it furthti enacted, That any persons res-
ident in Vnguiia, North Caiolina, South Carolina, Geor-
gia, Flouda, Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana, Texas,, or
Arkansas, who may voluntarily enlist in the military ser-
vice of the United States, for a term of not more than
three years, or during the wai, or not less than one year,
shall be entitled to the benefits and privileges of existing
laws; and such persons shall be mustered into the regi-
mcnn, or other organizations, of what«oever. State they
may elect, or, in the ease of colored troops, shall be as-
signed as now provided by law. And the Slates, or sub-
divisions of States-, procuring such enh&tmcnts, shall re-
ceive credit foi such peisons, m accordance with the laws
in other cases: Provided, That such enlistments as are
authorized in any State, under the provisions of this act,
shall only continue until such State shall have been made
subject to a call for troops:  And provided further, That no
enlistment* shall be made of any soldiers, either m or out
of any State,-cxcept those enumerated herein, -unless full
credit is given to the State to which the enlisted soldier
belongs.
Mr. SCHENCK. I call for the yeas and nays
on the adoption of that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided In
the negative—ya'us 62, nays 91, not voting 29;
as follows: 4
YKAS—Messii. Allison, Anderson, Arnold, Ashley, Bax-
ter, Bcaman, Blair, lUow, Boyd, William G. Bjown, Am-
brose VV. Clark, Cobb, Cole, Crcswell. Homy Winter Da-
vis, Dixon, Donnelly, Drisrgs, Garfield, Higby, Hotehkiss,
Asahel W. Hubbard, John U. Hubbard, fiulburd, Ingersoil,
Jenckes, Julian, Kelley, Knox, Littlejohn, Loan, Marvin,
McBride, MeClurg, Mcfruloe, S.unu^I F. Miller, Moor-
head, Morrill,Daniel Moms, Amos Myers, Lronaid Myers,
Norton, Charles O'Neill, Orth, Pike, Pomeroy, William H.
Randall, John H. Rice, Schenck, Shannon, Sloan, Smith,
Smithers, Spairimjr, Thayer, Tracy, Upson, Van Valken-
burgh, Elihu B. Washbume, Wilder, Wilson, and Win-
dom—62.
NAYS—Messrs. William J. Allen, Alley, Ames, Ancona,
Baily, Augustus C. Baldwin, lohn 1). Baldwin, Blaine,
Bliss, Boutwell, BrookvTarne^S. Brown,Obanler,Coffroth,
Cox, Ciavens, Dawo*, Dawson, Doming, Demsou. Eden,
Bdgerton, Eldridge, Eliot, English, Finck, Frank, Gan«on,
Cooch, Gnder, Gri^wold, lialo, Hauling, Harrington, Ben-
jamin G Hams, Charles M. Harris, Herrick, Tiolman,
Hutehins, Philip Johnson, William Johi^on, Kalbfleisch,
Orlando Kellnmr. Kei nan, Knapp, Law, Lazear, Le Blond,
Long, Malloiy*. Marev, McAllister, McDowell, McKinney,
William II. Miller, Jame^ R. Mom*, Moirison, Nelson,
Noble, Odcll, John O'Neill, Patterson, Pendleton, Perham,
Pruvn, Radfoid, Samuel J. Randall, Alexander B. Rice,
Robinson, Rogers, Edward H. Rollins, James S.Rollins,
Ross, John 13." Steele, William G. Steele. Steven*, Stiles,
Stiouse, Stuait, Swear, Thomas, Wadswoifh, William B.
Wa>libuin,Wel^ter, Whaley, Wheelei, Chilton A. White,
Joaeph W. White, Wilhams, Wmfield, and Fernando
Wood—01.
NOT VOTING — Messrs, James C. Allen, Brandegee,
Broomall, Freeman Clarke, Cla\, Thomas T Davis, I)u-
mont, Eekb y, Farr^worth, Fenion, Gruinell, Hall, Hooper,
Ka«son, Francis W. ICellogir, King, Longyear, Middletou,
Perrv, Pneo, ScofiWd. Scott. Stair, Stebbins, Voorbecs,
Waul, Benjamin Wood, Woodbtjdge, and Yeaman—29.
So the amendment waa disagreed to.
During the call of the i oil,
Mr. VAN VALKENBURGH stated that Mr.
