1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2339
Mr. BROOKS said: I desire an explanation of
that item. Is it in accordance with treaty stipu-
lation ?
Mr. STEVENS. If the gentleman will turn
to page 89 of the estimates he will find it all set
forth there.
Mr. BROOKS. I have not the estimates be-
fore me. I ask the gentleman to read it,
Mr. STEVENS. The treaties under which
these appropriations are made are not set forth
in the estimate, but reference is made to the arti-
cle and treaty. Ail these appropriations are un-
der the treaty of March, 1863.
Mr. WINDOM. I move to amend the bill in
line six hundred and eighteen, by adding the fol-
lowing:
For payment of expenses incident to the removal of the
Quapaw Induing from Kansas, and their reestablishmcut in
their own country, $9,726 33.
I ask the Cleik to read a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Interior upon that subject.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Department of the Interior,
Washington, D. C., March 15, 1804.
Sir : I have the honor to tian^rnit herewith a copy of a
communication from the Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
of the 17th ultimo, and accompanying papers, showing that
the sum of $9,726 33 is due to the Q.uapaw tribe of Indians,
under treaty stipulations, as explained by the Commissioner
and shown by the papers.
I recommend that an appropriation be made by Congress
of the sum thub found to be due the Quapaws, to he applied
to the payment of expenses incident to their removal hom
Kansas, and their reestablishment in their own count!v,
Ironi which they have been lefugee.s in consequence ot the
rebellion.
Very lespcctfully, your obedient, servant,
J. P. USHER, Sccrctu)]}.
Hon. Schuyler Colfax,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
Mr. WINDOM. I have here the letter from
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, stating this
amount to he due under treaty stipulation, and
also a statement to the same effect from the Sec-
ond Comptroller of the Treasury, recommending
the appropriation.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FENTON. I move to amend by adding
at the end of hue seven hundred and twelve as
follows:
For pitymentof interest to Orchard parry and First Chris-
tian paity Oneida Indians, New Yoik, per treaty stipulation
of 1833, SI,642 70.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to ask the gentleman
from New York if they are a part of the New
York Indians.
Mr. FENTON. Yes, sir; but they do not in-
clude all the New York Indians. This is to pay
the interest upon a principal sum of $6,000 un-
der the stipulations of the treaty of 1838, which
was subsequently paid, but the interest has not
been paid. The Secretary of the Inferior recom-
mends that the appropriation be made.
Mr. BROOKS. Let me ask why this was not
included in the original bill.
Mr. STEVENS. It must be some old claim,
I imagine. It was not included in the regular
estimate.
Mr. FENTON. The principal sum has been
paid, but the interest has not been paid. The Sec-
retaiy of the Interior, for the reasons set forth in
this document, recommends the payment of this
sum. It has been previously recommended, and
the reason of the non-payment is here stated. I
ask that the communications from the Secretary
of the Interior and the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs be read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Department of the Interior,
Washington, D. C., Jlpril 27, 1864.
Sir: I have the honor to transmit herewith a copv of a
communication from the Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
dated February 27,1863, recommending that the sum ot
$1 641 70 be appiopriated by Congie&s to pay that amount
of interest due the Orchard parly and Fast Christian parly
of New Yoik Indians, as explained by the Commissioner.
In view of the facts as represented by the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs, I concur with that officer in the recom-
mendation he makes, and submit the subject for the favor-
able consideration ot Congress.
A memorial of the Indians, including a power of attor-
ney to J. N. Messenger to act for them, accompanies this
communication.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
J F J. P. USHER, Secretary.
Hon. Schuyler Coi.fax,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
Department of the Interior,
Office of Indian Affairs, February 27, lbW.
Sir: I have the honor to state that J.N. Messenger, Esq.,
lias tiled in tins ofiice a memorial and power of attorney ot
the chiefs of the Orciiard parly and First Christian party of
the New York Indians, authorizing him to act in their
behalf, and asking lor the pajmentof intcie&t on ^6.000,
stipulated to be paid by the treaty of J838, for ceitain lands
puicha&ed by the United States, lying near Gre<*n bay, Wis-
consin, which sum of$6,000 was appropuated,Tune 27', 1846,
and paid in IBol. (See Statutes at Large, volume seven,
page 554.)
A similar petition of these Indians was filed in this office
in 1851, by G. R. Hernck, their attorney at that time; the
office considering the claim just and equitable, thereupon
Commissioner Lea recommended the payment of interest
on §6,000, from June 27,1846, the date of the act making
the appropriation of the principal, to January 18, 1851,
when it was decided by the Department that the claim
should be paid. And in his special estimate of funds re-
quired for the service of the Indian department for the fis-
cal year ending June 30, 1852, he asked for the sum of
$1,641 70 for the adjustment of the claim. (See Senate
Documents, first session Thirty-Second Congress, volume
3, page-GGl, 564,569, and 5"<0.)
in view of the action of this office heretofore, I concur
in its decision, and would respectfully recommend that
you «ubmit this claim to the chairman of the Committee
on Indian Affaiisof the Senate, with recommendation that
this amount ($1,041 70) be attached to some appropriation
bill.
Veiy respectfully, your obedient servant,
WILLIAM P. T)OLE,
Commissioner.
Hon. J. 1*. Usher, Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. FENTON. It came too late to make the
appropriation in the bill, and heucc I have been
compelled to bring it befoie the Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. HOLMAN. What is the date of that
communication ?
Mr. FENTON. April 27, 1864.
Mr. BROOKS. Thisis-a most objectionable
way of doing business. I do not know that the
appropriation is not all right. It seems to be the
insertion of a claim in one of the general appropri-
ation bills, in reference to which 1 might make a
point of order. I do make the point of order that
the amendment is not in order.
TheCHAlRMAN. Thepointof oidercomes
too late, debate having taken place on the amend-
ment.
Mr. BROOKS. This matter ought to be sent
to the Committee of Claims or to the Committee
on Indian Affairs, and the House ought to have
a report of the facts. It seems to me to be an
old claim. The estimates are not of record ex-
cept in the Congressional Globe,and we can never
trace them unless we follow the debates. It is
an objectionable mode of making appropriations.
The deceiving communications from the Depart-
ments, after the bill has been reported and acted
upon, as if they were regularly submitted to the
Committee of Ways and Means, or any other
committee of this House, is a new mode which
has sprung up within the last three or four years.
To my mind it is an objectionable mode of making
appropriations of money.
Mr. FENTON. I know nothing of the ©laim
except what is set forth in the documents which
have been read by the Clerk. It reached the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means too late to act on it
with the other appropriations of the bill.
The committee was divided; and there were—
ayes twenty-four, noes not counted.
Mr. FENTON. I withdraw the amendment.
The Clerk read, as follows:
For expenses of transportation and delivery of annuity
goods to the Blackfeet Indians lor thcyeat, $17,000.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I move to strike
out " $17,000," and in lieu theieof to insert
"#10,01)0."
Mr. Chairman, by turning to page 3 of the
bill there is an appropriation for the Blackfeet
Indians of $20,000 for the ninth of ten install-
ments as annuity, to be expended in the purchase
of such goods, provisions, and other useful ar-
ticles as the President at his discretion may from
time to time determine, per ninth article of the
treaty of October 17,1855. The provision winch
I propose to amend appropriates $17,000 for the
transportation of that $20,000 of goods. It must
be recollected that this transportation is by a
navigable river, the Missouri river, to the point
where the goods are to be delivered. I am satis-
fied under the circumstances that $17,000 is too
large a sum, and I am satisfied that $10,000 is an
amount amply sufficient for the transportation of
these goods. 1 will say that they were trans-
ported last year at six cents per pound, and I
understand that the same parties arc willing and
able to transport them at the same price t his year.
I hope, therefore, that my amendment will be
agreed to.
Mr. WALLACE, of Idaho. I - apprehend
the gentleman from Iowa were familiar with the
cost of transportation there he would flot have
moved this amendment. This appropriation is
based upon an estimate made by the Indian de-
partment, who are aware of the cost of transpor-
tation from year to year. They have- asked for
a sum that will cover the cost of this transporta-
tion. if the Missouri river is navigable at the
time, the cost of transporting these goods may he
less than $17,000; but if, on the other hand, the
river is not navigable, it is questionable whether
that sum will cover the transportation. 1 will
say to my friend from Iowa that the Missouri
river at that point is navigable in the most favor-
able seasons only two months out of the twelve,
and frequently goods which have been sent up to
that point have had to be landed at points three,
four, and five hundred miles below,and then trans-
ported by land.
Mr. GR1NNELL. What is the character of
those goods?
Mr. WALLACE, of Idaho. They are of'all
kinds. There are dry goods, groceries, farming
utensils, machinery for a mill, and a great variety
of other goods, all covered by this appropriation.
Mr. GRINNELL. Are there any groceries?
Mr. WALLACE, of Idaho. Yes, sir; but
there arc not any liquors among them..
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I will ask the
gentleman whether goods for this same purpose
were not transported last year for six cents per
pound, and whether last year was not one of the
dryest seasons for the last ten years? And \yas
not the Missouri river lower last year than it has
been at any period during the last ten years?
Mr. McBRIDE. 1 will say that I was informed
by the agent of the Blackfeet Indians—a gentle-
man who has been an Indian agent for many
years—that lust year the cost of transporting
goods sent to that country exceeded the actual
cost of (he goods.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I know that the con-
tractor transported those goods up the Missouri
river last year, and part of the way by land, and
I understand further that he got but six cents per
pound for the transportation. 1 am informed that
Mr. Labarge, who transported those goods last
year, offered to transport them this year for six
cents per pound, but I believe he did not make a
formal bid.
Mr. McBRIDE. To what point? *
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. To Fort Benton.
Mr. McBRIDE. They go much further than
that.
Mr. HUBBARD,of Iowa. And lam informed
further that a contract has been entered into for
the transportation of these identical goods at a
sum ranging from eight to twelve cents per pound.
Mr. WALLACE", of Idaho. That is a ques-
tion between the Indian departmentand my friend
from Iowa. If that department has exceeded its
authority, if it has made a contract injurious to
the Government, it must be responsible for that
act. It may be true—and I do not question the
fact as stated by the gentleman from Iowa—that
a contract may have been entered into last year
for the transportation of goods to Fort Benton for
six cents a pound, and I presume the department
is in possession of information that the parties
who entered into that contract lost largely by it,
and that the transportation of the goods was de-
layed for a long time in consequence of that low
figure, and that the Indian service in that section
suffered in consequence of it, and that the Indian
department in their estimates now seek to guard
against a contingency of that kind in the future.
And I presume that this estimate is made upon
information in their possession which is satisfac-
tory to them, and that the sum^sked for here is
nothingmorethan what would berightand proper.
I will say to the gentleman from Iowa that these
goods have to be transported much further than
Fort Benton. They may go that far by steamer,
but from that point they have got to go into the
interior, where the cost of transportation is heavy
indeed. That is a matter, I have no doubt, which
the Indian department has taken into considera-
tion in making up the estimate.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. Are notthese goods
always delivered at Fort Benton and at points be-
low? I happen to live upon the Missouri river,
and to know something about the transportation
of these goods. And I happen to know something
