1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1363
of the public, not only confined to what may be
called laymen, but including a great many pro-
fessional men, was that, so far as that question
was concerned, the decision of the court was
cxtra-judicial; but as far as related to the other
question, the capacity of the African to sue in the
courts of the United States, there was no doubt
in the mind of anybody that the decision, until it
shall be reversed by the court itself, is conclu-
sive, and conclusive upon the question that a per-
son of African descent is not a citizen of the Uni-
ted States within the meaningof the Constitution.
I objected to tine amendment when it was pro-
posed by the honorable member from Minnesota,
because I was apprehensive that it might lead to
some difficulty in its practical operation m this
now Territory; but 1 suggest now to the member
that if he really wishes to place Africans upon
the same footing with all other persons in the dis-
charge of any of the political functions which*all
other persons will be at liberty to discharge, he
had better provide that whites as well as blacks,
who have the qualification stated, of residence,
shall stand upon the same footing. 1 think he
will not accomplish his purpose, if that is his pur-
pose, by the amendment, if the bill shall pass
in its present shape, without some additional ex-
planation.
Mr. WILKINSON. I am willing that it shall
stand as it is, and let the decision of the Supreme
Court be whatever it may. I simply wish to
strike out the qualifying term there, and let the
lcsults take care of themselves. I neither want
° while" nor " black" put into this bill.
Mr. SUMNER. I take it that each branch of
the Government can inteipiet the Constitution
for liself. I think that Congiess is as good an
authority in its interpretation as the Supreme
Court, and I hope that Congress, in its legisla-
tion, will proceed absolutely without any respect
to a decision which has already disgraced* the
country and which ought to be expelled from its
jurisprudence.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, if the opinion
of the Senator from Massachusetts was conclu-
sive upon all such questions, guided and con-
trolled the public mind, it might be considered
now as settjed that the decision of the Supreme
Court in that case was a disgrace. But I have yet
to be advised that the honorable member, cither
by nature or by education, has attained so much
intellectual celebrity, or possessessuch transcend-
ent mental ability as to be able to pronounce ex
cathedra against a decision pronounced by the Su-
preme Court of the United States. There are
many men, the equals of the honoiablc Sen,atoi,
to say the least, intellectually, who think that that
decision was anything butan outrage. However
they may i egret it because of its effects, and how-
ever they may regiet that the Constitution should
have been so fiamed as to leave that question an
open one, yet there arc throughout the United
States, 1 repeat, the equals of the honorable mem-
ber from Massachusetts, and I say it with no
view to disparage him, who think very differently
of that opinion; and if the ho no i able member will
read—prejudice cast aside, if he can cast it aside
upon questions of this description—the opinion
of the majority of the coui t as pronounced by the
Chief Justice, he will I think admit that there is
m that opinion at least so much plausibility that
very honest men may think that the conclusion
to which it led the learned Chief Justice was right.
And I have never heaid any complaint of that
decision, I mean as to the motives by which it is
supposed it was governed, or any complaint in
relation to the authoritative character of that de-
cision except the one to winch I alluded just now;
and jn refeience to that one individually, I feltat
the time and have felt ever since that there was
considerable difficulty.
The suit was instituted by Dred Scott, who was
of African descent, in the courts of the United
States. The master against whom the applica-
tion for his freedom was instituted pleaded that
bccause he was an African he was not a citizen;
and as the act of ]"i£9, constituting the circuit
courts of the United States, limited the jurisdic-
tion of that court in cases of that dt t>cription to
controversies between citizens of different States, .
(folio wing in that respect the lan^ua^e of the Con-
stitution,) he maintained thatupon that ground—
irrespective of the question whether he was free
or not, by having been earned into the State of '
Illinois where slavery did not exist, or having
been canied north of the Missouri compromise
line, wheie slavery was prohibited—the suititself
must be dismissed. The Supreme Court decided
—contrary to the opinion of the court below, who
ruled against the objection—that the objection
was well taken; and of course they decided that
any judgment pronounced in that case by the
court below, whatever may have been the judg-
ment, or any judgment which the Supreme Court
should have pronounced in that case, would be
of no avail if the court had no jurisdiction over
the parties to the controversy.
The Chief Justice in giving the opinion of the
court, however, and speaking in that particular
for six of the judges, I think, supposed that there
was a difference between cases brought into the
Supreme Court of the United States upon writ of
error or appeal from the circuit courts of the
United States and cases brought before it by ap-
peal or writ of errorunderthe twenty-fifth section
of the judiciary act; that in the latter class of
cases, l3y the very terms of the judiciary act of
1789, the jurisdiction of the court was confined to
certain specific questions, questions involving the
Constitution of the United States; questions in-
volving the constitutionality of a law of a State
on the ground that it was in conflict with the Con-
stitution of the United States; questions involving
the constitutionality or construction of an act of
Congress; but he supposed, speaking for the couit
—whether correctly or not 1 am not here to con-
tend—that in a case brought up fiom a circuit
court of the United States, it was the light an-d
duty of the Supreme Court to decide the case
upon all the grounds on which it had been decided
in the couit below; and inasmuch as the court
below decided against the plea to the jurisdiction
and then went on to decide that having jurisdic-
tion the party was not entitled to his freedom, to
which the Supreme Court came, yet the Supreme
Court thought it pioper to examine into the latter
question as well as the first.
Now, Mr. Piesident, I think, whatever may be
the opinion of the honorable member from Mas-
sachusetts, or of any other member of the Senate,
thai if there is any depai tment of the Government
which, ftom the beginning of its organization to
the piesent hour, the public, in the general, may
be proud of, it is the judicial department of the
Government as far as the Supreme Court consti-
tutes a portion of that department. And I am not
singular in that opinion. It is not necessary to
advert to what was the impression of the people
of the United States, the bar, and the public, during
the days when that tribunal was presided over by
Marshall, for the purpose of calling to the recol-
lection of the Senate what I am suie is fresh in
their remembrance, and to which, therefore, their
recollection need not be specially called, that there
was throughout the length and breadth of the
land the most implicit confidence not only in the
absolute integrity of every member of the bcnch,
but in the unequaled ability of all the members of
the couit, and especially of him who in public
estimation towered above the rest, John Marshall.
And although it would Seem to be perhaps map-
pi opriate, let me say to the honorable member
from Massachusetts that much as he may now
disparagingly think of the venerable man whopre- j
sides over the deliberations of that tribunal, and j
has for the last twenty or thirty years, he is not j
alone in that particular. When his name was
before the Senate of the United States for confirm- i
ation, first as justice of the court, and secondly !
as Chief Justice, his confiimation was resisted j
steadily, zealously, by, among others, Clay of j
Kentucky. There was hardly an opprobnous
epithet which, as he told me himself aftei waids,
he failed to use against the nomination; and from
a conviction that the nominee was unfit, and
would piove to bo unfit, for the. dischaige of the
duties of the judicial station. But I say it, and it
is due to the memoiy of the dead, and due to him
who now survives, survives tremblingly, his life
having been protracted much beyond, as we know,
the ordinary period of human iife, and who has
devoted himself with untiring energy, and with
exclusive devotion, and with unsurpassed ability,
to the duties of his station, that after he had
been upon that bench some four or five years, and
Air. CI iv had beet, the u. ilm ss, fi om Laving prac-
ticed before him and lead his decisions, of the
manner in which his duties had been discharged,
he, as he told me himself, after hearing an opinion
delivered by the presiding judge, went to his quar-
ters to see him, and found him alone; he saia he
felt the embarrassment necessarily incident to the
object of his visit; and after exchanging the salu-
tations suited to the occasion,and being-about to
leave him, he took him by the hand and said:
" Mr. Chief Justice, there was no man iti'iheiand
who regretted your appointment to the place you
now hold more than l did; there wa%no member
of the Senate who opposed it more than I did;
but I have come to say to you, and L say it now^
in parting, perhaps for the last time, I have wit-'
nessed your judicial career, and it is due to myself
and due to you that I should say to you what has
been the result: that 1 am satisfied now that no man
in the United States could have been selected more
abundantly able to wear the ermine which Chief
Justice Marshall honored." And with the tears
trickling down the cheeks of both—I speak the
words of Ilenry Clay—they parted; and that
opinion he continued to hoiu up to the last mo-
ment that his life was a blessing to the country.
Mr. President, it is no light thing to assail the
Chief Justice of the United Stales or that high tri-
bunal. We have an interest, jurisprudence has
an interest, justice has an interest, the nation has
an interest in maintaining the character of that
tribunal against all unjust reproach. It is no light
thing to pronounce a decision given by such a
tribunal as that as a disgrace, i never deal in
epithets, Mr. President, it 1 know myself. I am
willing to give, and 1 always do allow, to him who
diffeis from me upon any question about which
it is possible for a difference of opinion to exist,
the credit of sincerity and honest conviction; and
I cannot therefore stand still and hear a tribunal
like that assaiied, as I think unnecessarily, by
anybody, and particulai  y by the honorable mem-
ber fiom Massachusetts, who stands, m the esti-
mation of his fiiends, so high aloft that his voice
is heard the land over, and is, in their impression,
potential.
Mr. SUMNER. The multiplication table tells
us that two and two make four. Now, if a tri-
bunal honored like the Supreme Court should un-
dci take to declare that two and two make five, and
a Senator as distinguished as the Senator from
Maryland should uphold the high tribunal in its
decision, I do not think that it would be pre-
sumptuous in me to call that decision in question.
But the Dred Scott decision was as absurd and
irrational as such a reversal of the multiplication
table, besides shocking the moral sense of man-
kind. The Senator will pardon the little scruple
with which I now denounce it. I claim nothing
for myself. I may be weak. But, according to
the measure of my abilities as God has given
them to me, I enter a standing protest against
that atrocious judgment, which was false in law
and also false in the history with which it sought
to maintain its false law.
The Senator seems to imply that I am not fa-
miliar with that case. Sir, I know it too well. 1
have read carefully the opinion of the Chief Jus-
tice which the Senator now vaunts, and 1 have read
also the opposing opinions, by the side of which
that much-vaunted opinion of the Chief Justice iff
dwarfed into the pettiness which becomes a pro-
duction in such a cause; ignoble in character and
impotentexee'pt in that little bnefauthority which
is incident to the judicial position. The Senator
pleads for this judgment in the name of jurispru-
dence, of justice, and of the nation. Sir, in the
same name 1 denounce it; in the name of juris-
prudence, which it disgraces; of justice, which it
domes; and of the nation, which it has offended.
Among the uitluencesand agencies which helped
foiward the present rebellion and set fellow-citw
zens in Moody battle with each other, the Dred
Scott decision ejin never be forgotten, it gave
to conspirators new confidence. It filled patriots
for a while with despair. It was the platform ef
slavery, whose behests would have triumphed
had this decision been allowed fully to prevail.
Hating the rebellion in its origin and the circum-
stances which nursed it into being, we must hate
this decision.
But the Senator wandeied into a eulogy of that
old Supreme Court, now departed, when Mar-
shall was Chief Justice, and claimed from the
past consideration for the present. Sir, 1 have
not been a careless student of the decisions of
that court in its palmy days. I know their learn-
