2340
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18,
about the Missouri river; and I know the fact
that these Indian goods, as a general rule, almost
without exception, are transported in the spring
months when the river is high and when boats
can reach Fort Benton without difficulty. Last
season was the only season within the last ten
years in which there has been any difficulty in
reaching Fort Benton.
Mr. WALLACE, of Idaho. What has been
may be again, and to guard against that the de-
partment has asked for a sum to meet a contin-
gency of that kind. This is no more than will be
necessary. If not necessary the money will not
be drawn out of the Treasury; if more than ne-
cessary, the object of the appropriation is accom-
plished and the service will be performed to the
benefit of the Indians and of the Government.
Mr. GRINNELL. Did the gentleman ever
know of any money remaining unexpended out
of an appropriation for carrying goods?
Mr. WALLACE, of Idaho. I cannot say to
the gentleman whether such a thing has ever oc-
curred or not. I presume—and that is a fair pre-
sumption in law—that if there has none remained
it was properly and legitimately appropriated.
Mr. GR1NNELL. A violent presumption.
Mr. WALLACE, of Idaho. I undeistand that
theapproprmtion here is no more than will be neces-
sary to meet contingencies which have happened
heretofore,and which may happen again. For that
reason I hold that this appiopriation should be
made as asked for. If it is, and the service is not
performed, let the contingencies be what they
may, then the Interior Department js responsible
to the country and to the people for that failure.
If we refuse to grant them what they deem neces-
sary for the performance of this service the re-
sponsibility of the failure to perform it will be
with us, and wo shall relieve the Indian depart-
ment from it. For these reasons I hope that the
motion made by the gentleman from Iowa will
not prevail.
Mr. STEVENS. What it may cost to treins-
poit $20,01)0 worth of heavy goods, provisions,
implements, and other goods, from wheie they
aie puichased to the lilaekfeet Indians, I am not
a very good judge of; but they live, as tiie gen-
tleman must know, considerably beyond Fort
Henton,nnd the goods havelo be delivered to the
tribe. They ine both north and west of Fort
Kenton, and I should judge, from what I have
learned,from three to five hundred miles from it.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. 1 was well ac-
quainted wilh the former agent of the Blaekfeet
Indians, and have conversed with him upon this
subject. I learned fiom him that all the goods
for the Blaekfeet Indians were dchveied last year
ut Fort Hentonorat points below that fort. That
has been the case for the last two years.
Mr. STEVENS. The goods may have been
delivered at Fort Benton, but they have had to
be transported thence some three or five hundred
miles to the country of the BluckfVot Indians. At
whose expense is that done? The treaty requires
that the goods shall be delivered to them. 1 do
not know wheie the agent receives the goods, but
I venture to say that if he receives them at Fort
Benton or below that point lie chaiges for their
transportation to the Indian country.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. The agent went to
Ins agency last year upon the boat transposing
the goods, and as a genetal rule the goods are de-
livered from the boat to the Indians. That has
been the practice herelofoie.
Mr. STEVENS. These goods are purchased
always I believe m New Yoik.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. The Indians come
to the river and receive the goods fiom the boat.
They are not transported buck into the interior
by the party whci^undertakes to carry the goods;
they are delivered*to the Indians in the piosence
ol the agent upon the river at the points where
the boats land.
Mi, STEVENS. I do not know how the fact
is as to the points where the Indians leeeive the
goods, but they must come four or five hundred
miles from their own country to receive them;
and I do not believe that they luue earned them
home themselves withoutsorneallowance. 1 think
that for carrying the goods from New York to the
Indian country the sum estimated is a small
amount.
Now, I know that the Government has been
paying for transportation for about the same dis-
tance, from Fort Leavenworth to Salt Lake City,
twenty dollars instead of six dollars per hundred
pounds. That has been the contract for years.
But what is very conclusive, if the Department
is honest, is that for three years past we have ap-
propriated precisely the same sum; and in esti-
mating the unexpended balances, it is estimated
that there has been none unexpended of these items
for the last two years. Unless, therefore, there
is some fraud in the Department, the sum of
§17,000 must be appropriated. That was the ex-
act sum which we appropriated last year and the
year before, and there was no surplus.
The question was taken on Mr. Hubbard's
amendment, and there were—ayes 48, noes 40;
no quorum voting.
Mr. STEVENS demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Stevens
and Holman were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 57, noes 39.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WINDOM. I move to insert, on page 49,
after line eleven hundred and eighty-one, the fol-
lowing:
For general incidental expenses and tor transportation
of goods for the Indian service m Utah i'or the >car ending
30th June, 1864, $37,500.
I yield to the gentleman from Utah, who, I un-
derstand, has some documents relating to this sub-
ject.
Mr. KINNEY. All I desire is to have the
Clerk read some communications from the Inte-
rior Department, which 1 will send to the Clerk's
desk, showing the necessity for this appropria-
tion. I will say further, that the amendment of-
fered by the chairman of the Committee on Indian
Affairs, asking for an additional appropriation, ia
designed to cover a deficiency in the present fiscal
year in the Indian service for the Teuitory of
Utah. j£The last appropriation by Congress w.\s
$25,000. In consequence of the disturbed condi-
tion of the Indians in that Tei ritory, the sevei ity
of the winter, and the extremely high price of
provisions, that appropriation was exhausted
within the first six months of the fiscal year, and
theiefore the Secretary of the Intrnoi liasveiy
propei ly estimated for the deficiency, and it should
be attached either to this or some other bill.
It was the desire of the Department to have the
estimate for this deficiency incorporated into the
deficiency bill; but when it was sent to life Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, the deficiency bill
was before a committee of conference, anil the
committee only having jurisdiction over the sub-
ject-matter of the disagreeing votes, of the two
Mouses, the estimate could not be attached to the
deficiency bill where it more propeiiy belonged.
It was then lefeired to the Committee on Indian
Affairs; and as it met with the approval of that
committee it is offered as an amendment to this
bill.
I will now ask the Clerk to read the communi-
cations which show the cause of the deficiency,
and the necessity for the appropriation.
The Clerk read, as follows:
DKl'ARTMKNT OK THF KTFRIOR.
wamumjion, {). (j., muick itfoi.
Sir: Heiewith f have the lionoi to tinn-nm cpy of ;i
letter lioui llx- L'oninn-,-iouei ol Indian Afi.ui-of the J5th
instant, with niriovuir, iclalive to an appiopriation in-
quired rot the Indian sriviee iu Utah, and 1<> state that Ihe
mea-uic leeomineuded by the Cotnmt&Moner has hereto-
loie received my appioval in leitet.- addtessed to thepiopei
committee* ol' L'oiigie--;, ut Ihe i-i in>taut.
Very re.-pi'eUully, jour obedient t-.eiv.mt,
J. P. U^IIUR, Secretary.
Hon. Wii.moi Winoom:, Chairman Committee on Indian
JljtfaDS, Howe of Jiepiescntaiirc->\ '
DrPiR'lMEM OF HIE INTERIOR,
VVA<uiMiTON\ 1). C . JIarc'i i, l&j'l.
^*ir : I have the nonoi to nan- nut heiew nh a copy of a
communication of the \i(ith iiltimo fioui the Omnni — loner
ot Indian Affairs, asking an appiopnation ol S 15,000 to
meet a delieieney m the appropuation of dd March, iSnJ.
loi L'enMdl incidental exp- n-e- oi the Indian -erviee in
Utah 'JVrritoiy lot the present fi-eai year, and of ,^33,,>0U
lor expend ot tian>pottation ot Mipphea (oi the Indiana in
that Teintoiy.
i coin uj in the vi<=ws expressed by the Commissioner
as to the necessity and expediency of the:>e appiopnatious,
ami ie-peetUi}!\ recommend that they he made.
The accompanying letter ot the CommtsMonor and lite
superintendent ot Indian affau- tor tin- Terutory of Utah
will, il is believed,aii'oid lull nilorniauon on the .-ubjeet.
i am, sir, with much re.-peet, your obedient servant,
J. P. IJStljRU, Sctrcta/y.
Hon. TiiApprrs Stkvhn^, Chairman of the Committee of
Hayi and Means, House uf Representatives,
Department of tub Interior,
Office Indian Affairs, february 26, 1864.
Sir: I have the honor to refer herewith the copy of a
communication from Governor James Duaue Doty, late
supeiintemlent of Indian affair* in Utah, dated the 20tli
instant, from which it will appeal that lie was forced during
the last summer, in order to terminate the hostilities thou
existing between the [ndinns and the whites, to use liber-
ally out of the appiopriation for the present fiscal year, in
presents, &c., to the Indians, and that since tiien, duung
the present winter, Amos Reed, Esq., acting Governor, now
in charge of Indian affairs in Utah, has been compelled,
owing to the unparalleled severity of the weather and the
extraordinary sufferings of the Indians eau ed thereby, to
further draw upon the current funds so as to exhaust the
appropriation for the present fiscal year (.$25,000) in oider
to prevent the Indians by their hostilities troin obstructing
the western road at Deep creek and Shell eieek. Hence
the Governor recommends that a special appropiiation of
§15,000 be asked of Congress to meet the deficiency in the
appiopriation for the fiscal year ending 30th of June, 1864.
I cannot conclude my notice of the contents of Governor
Doty's letter without lecouliug my disapprobation of the
responsibility taken hot!) by himself and acting Governor
Heed, la making such di.^buiscmcnts as to exhaust the cur-
rent luiids in so short a tunc, thus seriously embarrassing
the depai tm«>nt. It es true that the appropriation of $25,000
was very small, yet it was all that Congiess saw pinper to
give for the Indian set vice in Uuh, and the officials should
have governed themselves accordingly.
Itis> useless, however, to retrospect upon the subject; a
gteat nece&Mty is now upon this office, which I am foiced
to yiMd to, by most respectfully suggesting that you will
call the attention of the piopei committee in Congress to
the matter, that the $15,000may be placed at the disposal
of your Depai ttnent to cany out the pm poses named in the
Governor's letter.
In the above connection I would al«o bog leave to state
that a portion of the supplies for the Indians iu Utah for
the piesent fiscal yeai will, trom motives ol economy,have
to be puichcWd on the Atlantic *lopc, and it is estimated
that in bulk they will amount to seventy-five tons, and the
eo-t ol tianspoi tation thereof, owing to the great di.-tance,
Will <mm nioie than the oiigmal putchase, appioxim.miig
to, if not (-\eeedin2, $'300 per ton, making an aggregate of
,$>2,500.
Thete being no funds now at the disposal of this office
to accomplish the loiegoing object, it will lequne an ap-
piopnation ot .*523,500 in addition iu the ,$15,000 asked lor
as a deficiency.
Veiy ie-|)ec'n'uliy, your obedient servant,
VV. I'. DOLE, Commissioner.
Hon. J. P. Usher, Secretary of (he Intei tor.
Dfc'partmknt of hif interior,
Ofi'ick Indian Annuity, Manh 15, 18(54.
Silt: Referiing to my icport of the -20th ultimo, relative
to an appropuatlon leqniied loi the Indian seiviee in Utah,
I have liie honor to icier hctewuh copies of a letter lrom
Amos Ueed, Ksq , ae! mg Governor ol Utah, of the 524 th ulti-
mo, that caui copies may he ti ansimtted to the proper com-
nmtee^ in Congress, m ordei that tho-;e bodies may be tully
advised of the threatening s-late of Indian affairs in Utah,
and the neees&ity of the immediate appropriation befoie
a.-k"d for.
Very rcf-peetlully, your obedient servant,
\V. P. DOLK, Comjnifjion^r.
Hon. J. I'. UsiiKR. Secretary oj tht Interior.
Washisoton City, February 20, 18G4,
Sir - The acting Mipei iritendf-nt of ludi.'n affairs in
Ut.di ha^ requested that a sum of money iMy be placed to
hi> eiedit to meet the cunent and extiaoidinaiy expench-
iukh to which the supenntendeuey ha-, ben subjected
duiing the pa>t season, and to make up the delieieney lor
the ia-t <iiid pie-ent quaiteis.
lie states ihat " since about the 1st of December to the
piesent time (l-'ebinary 2) v\a have had a heavj lajer of
snow, at lea .t one loot deep, and in some pans moie, all
over these valb-ys, !t ii the mo-t seveie winter lor sev-
er.d ) cair-. Ol uuimi it ban been verj hard on the poor In-
dians, who have Hocked to this supcrmtendency liom all
quaiteis nnicli moic than any piewous winter we have
been lieic. 1 have been obliged io lutmsh them with lood
and clothuni, which has been done iii ceonoimeally as
po?hiiile, but j et to a con^idejable extent they mu),t have as-
sistance oi uc/uai Uarvation must ensue. The Indians got
unea>j and Ihieatennig out on the western load, at Deep
creek and Shell creek. The  tage men and General Con-
not became quite alatmed, leanng an*outbreak. 1 at once
luuiHied tho?e Indians with clothing and heef, and sliail
he, obliged toimnisfi tliem moie soon, and tfiis must lie
connnued untjispuug opens, v\ hen they can lind roots, &e.,
to live upott. *'
In adduiou to the above, which I beg leave to earnestly
commend to your notice, I would state that I wa4- compelled
to um! the iuiu^ of the s-uperintendeuey very liberally ior
presents ot provisions and clothing duung the )a>t>umnipr
and auiuiun to the several tribes ot the Utah and Shoshone
nation^, in oider to tenninate ihe ho>tiiities then actually
exi-tnig between them and the whites, and to sto^> their
d< piedati<'ii-5 tipon th< o \ eiland m.til line. Teini> < ! peace
weie happily cffceied ; but it became nece^saiy on this ac-
count to exceed the u-u.\l cunent CKpeiwsof the supei-
nuendency, loi which the tundo [jiovided would have been
nmplc; but no prov i-ion having been made loi the cxtraoi-
dmary -tale ot atlairs which oceuned. 1 \va< eonipclled to
avail myself of the means appiopnated foi these expeu>es
in ine pc>!oiui<uu e of my duties to the Govt unneut.
I would thcret.ue ie«.peettully recommend that a special
apisropriation he a^ked ol ('ongre.-s to meet the delieieney
in the appiopriation loi itO-1, and the extiaordmaiy expeml-
iture-s lequned to be made bv the acting suppiintendent
lor the relief of the destitute Indian-, of £15,000.
I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JAMES DUANE DO'i'V,
Late Suyprinterdpnt Indian sijjair?, Utah Territory.
Hon. Thh Commissioner oy Indian Affairs.
