1864..
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. MORRILL. The joint resolution impos-
ing fifty per cent, additional duties upon imports
will expire to-day. It was expected the tariff bill
would have passed and become a law ere this. I
therefore ask unanimous consent to offer a joint
resolution to continue in force the joint resolution
entitled "A jointresolution to increase temporarily
the duties on imports," approved April 29,1864.
There being no objection, the resolution was
introduced and read a first" and second time by its
title.
The resolution continues in force the joint res-
olution increasing temporarily the duties on im-
ports, approved April 29, 1864, until the 1st day
of July next.
The resolution was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MORRILL moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CONSCRIPTION LAW—AGAIN.
The House resumed the consideration of House
bill No. 549, further to regulate and provide for
the enrolling and calling out of the national forces,
and for other purposes.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire, at the suggestion
of several gentlemen,to modify my amendment
further, by striking out $600 in the second sec-
tion, and inserting in lieu thereof $500; so that
it wiil read:
Any person who may be drafted may purchase the like
exemption by paying §500 at any time not less than ten
(Uys after h« s-itali be duly notified that he is drafted. The
commutation money thus paid shall go into the Treasury
tor the purpose of paying the bounties heiein provided for.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. I desire to have this pro-
vision so plain that exemptions by enrolled men
will not be purchased up for two years. It would
be a very easy matter to exhaust the enrollment
in any neighborhood. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania thinks he has it so provided for now.
1 have my doubts about it; but I shall not insist
upon it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let us have
a vote.
Mr. ELIOT. I have caused to be printed two
sections which I desire to offer as additional sec-
tions; and, with the consent of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, I will offer them now.
Mr. STEVENS. If my amendment be adopted,
it will still be open for additions?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. STEVENS. Then the gentleman from
Massachusetts can offer his as additions.
Mr. A. MYERS. 1 would like to see whether
I understand my colleague. If his substitute be
adopted in place of that offered by the chairman
of the Committee on Military Affairs, will we
then have the privilege of offering amendments
to each section?
The SPEAKER. If the substitute be adopted
amendments cannot be offered striking out any
part of it; but additions or qualifications can be
made to it.
Mr. SCHENCIC. I beg leave to inquire where
we are, and whether the substitute has been
offered or not?
The SPEAKER. The pending question be-
fore the House is the original bill.
Mr. ELIOT. I understand that the gentleman
from Pennsylvania does not object to my offer-
ing these sections as additions to his substitute.
I therefore ask leave to do so.
Mr. STEVENS. I have no objection.
Mr. ELIOT offered the following as additional
sections:
See. — Jlnd be it further enacted, That ail persons in the
nav.il sffvicc o{ the United States who have entered said
seiviee duutijj the pichuut lebeiliun, who have not been
credited to the qnotu of any town, district, waid, or State,
by reason of then being in said service and not enrolled
prior to February ^4, 1&64, shall be eniolied and credited
to the quotas of the town, ward, dibtuct,or State in which
they ret-pecUvely reside.
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That ifany person duly
dratted shall be absent fiom home in piosecution of his
usual bu-5ines<, the proved marshal of* the district shall
cause ium to be duly notified as soon as may be, and he
shall riot be deemed a de?eiter,nor liable as such, until no-
tice h<\  been given to hi in and leasonabletimu allowed lor
him to luturn and repoit to the provost marshal ofhis dis-
trict ; but .such absence &hail not otherwise affect his lia-
bility under this act.
Mr. BEAMAN. I desire to call the attention
of the gentleman {ium Pennsylvania to an amend-
ment to the sixth section of his substitute. My
impression is that it does not exactly produce the
effect which he intended. It is in reference to the
disposition of the bounty in case of the death of
the person in service. It provides that in .case
qfhis death the bounty stall go to his widow or
children, without determining which, and in case
there shall be no willow or child, then to hisper-
sonal representatives. The suggestion I make is
this; that it should read thus: "To his widow, if
there be one, and in case there be no widow, then
to his children, and in case there be no widow or
child, then to his personal-representatives."
Mr. STEVENS. That is better; that makes
it clearer, if the gentleman will write it out, I
will adopt it in my substitute.
Mr. BLAIR. I desire to offer an amendment
to the original bill.
Mr. STEVENS. If it is in order, I wilt yield.
The SPEAKER. An amendment to the ori-
ginal bill is in order.
Mr. BL41R- I offer the following amendment
to the original bill as an additional section:
That hereafter no person shall be received or accepted
to serve in the Army of the United Stales as a substitute
for any other person liable to military duty, and who may
have been enrolled or drafted for that purpose.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan. I propose to
amend the substitute by reducing the bounty
from $500 to #300.
The SPEAKER. That will not be in order
unless the gentleman from Pen nsyjvaniaaccepts it.
Mr. STEVENS. I cannot agree to that.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Hickky, their Chief Clerk, notifying the
House that the Senate have agreed to the amend-
ment of the House to the bill of the Senate (No.
190) to establish a navy-yard and depot at Cairo,
in the State of Illinois.
Also, that the Senate have passed bills of the
House of the following titles, severally with
amendments; in which he was directed to ask the
concurrence of the House:
An act (No. 411) to encourage immigration;
An act (No. 483) granting lands to aid in the
construction of a railroad and telegraph line from
Lake Superior to Puget' sound on the Pacific
coast, by the northern route; and
An act (No. 438) to amend an actcntitled "An
act to aid in the construction of a railroad and
telegraph line from the Missouri river to the
Pacific ocean, and to secure to the Government
the use of the samefor postal,military,and other
purposes," approved July 1, 1862.
Also, that the Senate have passed, without
amendment, a joint resolution (H. R. No. Ill)
authorizing the Secretary of the Interior to re-
claim and preserve certain property of the United
States.
CONSCRIPTION BILL AGAIN.
Mr. GANSON. I should like to offer an ad-
ditional section to the substitute of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania.
Mr. STEVENS. If it be in order I shall not
object.
Mr, GANSON. I should like to offer the fol-
lowing as an additional section:
The commutation money realized underthis act and the
act entitled "An act lor enrolling and calling out the na-
tional forces, and for other puiposes," approved March 3,
3863, and the act amendatory thereof and supplementary
thereto, shall be used by the War Department to procure
volunteers lor the districtwhere such money was paid;and
volunteers so procured shall be credited to such district.
Mr. STEVENS. There is already an amend-
ment pending after mine, offered by the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Eliot,] and I do
not see how the amendment of the gentleman
from New York can be received at this time. I
will say, however, that if my amendment should
be adopted it will then be in order to move any
additional sections that are pertinent to the sub-
ject. If, however, my amendment fails, then the
gentleman does not want to attach his to it.
Mr. GANSON. Butif thegentleman'samend-
ment should be adopted, I should like to have
mine go with it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will suggest to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania that it is within
his power to accept the amendment of the gentle-
man from New York if he desires it.
Mr. STEVENS. I know that; but I would,
I think, prefer that the vote should be taken upon
my amendment. I hardly understand the amjbncf-
ment of the gentleman from New York/ ' ,°L '
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania,-; I wpt)ld
like to suggest a modification to the si?tb sec&Hi
of the substitute of the gentleman front Pennsyl-
vania. I would liter to-add sbftieihing life
I desire to say that I have a case,within wjr
knowledge where a man who was suffering, hap
a sister who came there arid attended upon him
for some six or eight weeks. The chaplain ana
surgeon thought he might by will leave his bounty
to her. He executed such a will, which of course
the accounting officers of the Government could
not recognize or enforce; but I see no reason why
we may not permit such a map to control his
bounty money if he die in the service.
Mr. STEVENS. I may say that is departing
from the whole practice of the Government upo,p
the subject. We have no reason, as long as thf
relatives of the soldier do not receive it, to givp
to a stranger the bounty which is designed per-
sonally for the soldier. That is the reason why
I would not like no w to accept the amendment of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. But if the
bounty is paid fo him, he may dispose ofit,ashe
pleases, So that.it may after all go to a stranger!
Mr. STEVENS. I will merely say that the
whole practice of the Government has been dif-
ferent, and for that reason I would not like to
venture the change in this amendment.
Now, sir, if no one else desires to suggest ajj
amendment, I will make a very few remarks
and then yield the floor to see what is to be said
in opposition to my amendment.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has half an
hour remaining.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, I will nowex-
Elain briefly the points of the substitute wluch t
ave offered, and my reason for offering it. In
the first place I do hot think the time has coins
when it is absolutely necessary, arbitrarily, with-
out recourse, to sweep our whole population into
the Army as is done in the South. I believe^th^t
by voluntary action, if we are sufficiently liberal
and wise, we can obtain sufficient money to raise
ah army and to supply all the deficiencies tl^at
may arise between this and a year hence. Hence
it is that ,1 oppose, and shall continue to oppose,
the repeal of the commutation clause; but I 4e.-
sire that a bill shall be passed that shall be so effect-
ive, so seductive if you please, as that within pie
shortest possible time a large army of five hun-
dred thousand men can be raised.
I belieye, sir, that two of the chief reasons, why
we have not been able to raise volunteers as lye
did at first are these: in the first place, the Gov-
ernment has refused to put enlistments under the
supervision of the Governors of the States, whq
should appoint recruiting officers and regimental
officers. Our people cannot be got to go to recruit-
ing offices and enlist to be sent they know not
where, and among associates whom they do not
know; whereas if they knew the officers to be
their neighbors they would be much more ready
to enlist. 1 am entirely certain that such is the
case in my neighborhood. I admit that raw reT
cruits are not quite so useful in new regimentsas
they would be if placed in the old regiments. Bui;
you must get recruits before you put them any-
where. And if you can get thepi for two year?
you will soon have them so mingled that they
will be as useful as the old soldiers. The nine
months' men, long before their term of service
expired, were equal to any.
Now, what does my bill provide for? I will
explain it. The first section provides for the
calling out of five hundred thousand men for two
years, if so long needed, and that if they sre
not obtained by the other means provided for in
the other sections of the bill before forty days
from this time, a draft shall be ordered for the
purpose of obtaining them.
It provides that any man who is enrolled and
liable to draft may, at any time between this and
ten days before the draft, purchase exemption
from that draft, or from service for two years,
unless the roll shall sooner give out, when all
shall be put in again, and the draft be repeated.
Any man by paying $300 before the draft 09,11
purchase exemption; but if he stands the draft,
if he takes his chance of being hit and is hit, he
