1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
319
of the South, bear aloft the banner of the Union
from the lakes to the Gulf of Mexico, and from
the Atlantic to the Pacific ocean.
Having crushed into atoms the ephemeral em-
pire whose corner-stone was slavery, they will
establish a united and enduring nation on the solid
foundation of universal freedom. Such a nation,
possessing the most fertile soil and every variety
of climate, will soon abound with untold riches,
and will swarm with millions of just, intelligent,
and brave freemen, who will bid defiance to all
the despots of the earth.
ENROLLMENT BILL.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD obtained the floor,
but yielded to
Mr. SCHENCIC, who, by unanimous consent,
moved that Che Senate bill to amend tlje "Act for
enrolling and calling out the national forces, and
for other purposes," be taken from the Speaker's
table, referred to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, and oidcred to be printed.
RECORDING A VOTE.
Mr. WHALEY, by unanimous consent, re-
corded his vote in favor of the internal revenue
bad.
BOUNTY.
Mr. WARD, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill that every non-commissioned officer,
private, or other person who has been or shall
hereafter be honorably discharged from the Army
of the United States within two years from the
date of their enlistment, by reason of the expi-
ration of term of service, consolidation of any
regiment, battalion, or company, from disease
contiacted in the service, or other cause,shall be
entitled to receive the same bounty as is granted
or may be granted to the same class of persons
who are discharged after a service of two years;
and that all acts and parts of acts inconsistent
herewith aie hereby repealed; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
DONATION OP LANDS.
Mr. LONGYEAR submitted a joint resolution
of the Legislature of Michigan, asking for a do-
nation of public lands to endow a female college;
which was refeired to the Committee on Public
Lands.
And then, on motion of Mr. PENDLETON,
(at five minutes to fi-ve o'clock, p. m.,) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, January 25, 1864.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Tour n a! ofThursday last was read and ap-
proved.
The Hon. William A. Richardson, of Illi-
nois, appeared in his seat.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. POWELL. Mr. President, I have a me-
morial signed l>v Messrs. W. A. Dudley, Nat.
Wolfe, R. It. White, J. H. Harney, W. F.
Bullock, Josh. F. Bullitt, and R. C. Palmer,
addressed to the Congress of the United States.
It is a memorial concerning elections in Ken-
tucky. I ask that it be received and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs and the Mili-
tia, who have charge of the bill 1 had the honor
to introduce in relation to military interference
with elections.
The memorial was so referred.
Mr. GRIMES presented a petition of citizens
of Washington city, praying for a charter for a
street railroad along Hand I streets, to such com-
pany as offer to lay a track and run cars thereon;
which was referred to the Committee on the Dis-
twet of Columbia.
Mr. JOHNSON. I present the petition of A.
R. Davis, of Montgomeiy county, Maryland,
stating that seveial of his servants or slaves ab-
sconded from him and came to the city of Wash-
ington, and were here at the time the act was
passed and executed compensating slaveholders
in the District; and praying that a law maybe
passed to include him in the provisions of that
act, or that such other remedy may be given him
as is necessary. I move its reference to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia.
The motion was ugieed to.
Mr. JOHNSON presented the petition of Ellen
M. Abert, widow of Colonel J. J. Abert, late
chief of the corps of topographical engineers of
the United States Army, praying for a pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented the petition of Henry Roy
de la Reintrie, praying for compensation for his
services in exposing the fraudulent claims of Jose
Y. Limantour to lands in San Francisco and ad-
jacent islands of California; which was referred
to the Committee on Claims.
Mr.MORGAN presented thepetition ofCharles
Goodyear, jr., executor, praying for the exten-
sion of letters patent granted to Charles Good-
year, deceased, for the invention of vulcanized
India rubber; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Patents and the Patent Office.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Printing, to whom was referred amotion to print
a memoi ial of the Chamber ofCommeice of Mil-
waukee, Wisconsin, praying that such action may
be taken as shall result in securing a now treaty
between the United States and Great Britain
founded upon theprinciplesofreciprocity between
the two Governments and the people of both coun-
tries, asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration; which was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred a message ofthe
President of the United States, communicating a
report of the Secretary of State, in answer to a
resolution ofthe Senate of the 11th of March, 1863,
calling for information in relation to the number
of persons in the service ofthe Government, asked
to be discharged from its further considciauon;
which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom were
referred resolutions submitted by Mr. Davis on
the 5th instant, relative to the nature and powers
of the Government and the respective powers and
duties of Congress and the President of the United
States, asked to be discharged from their further
consideration; which was agreed to.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on the Ju-
dicial y, to whom was referred a bill (S No. 20)
for the relief of justices of the Supreme Court of
the United States in cases therein described, re-
ported adversely thereon.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom were leferred a memoiial of
citizens of Patkersburg, Wtst Virginia, and a
memorial of citizens of Ohio, praying that Parkers-
burg may be made a port of delivery, reported a
bill (S. No. G9) to constitute Parkorsburg, in the
State of West Virginia, a port of delivery; which
was read, and passed to a second reading.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 70)
to enable the accounting officers of the Treasury
to settle the claim of the State of Kansas; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Claims.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent ob-
tained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 71) to
authorize a loan on the security of the public
lauds of the United States, and to promote the sale
and settlement of the same; which was read twice
by its title, refei red to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SUMNER asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
72) supplementary to an act entitled "An act to
prescribe an oath of office, and for other pur-
poses," approved July 2,1862; which was lead
twice by its title.
Mr.'JOHNSON. I ask for the reading of the
bill* 4
The Secretary read the bill. It provides that
no person, after the date of its passage, shall be
admitted to the bar of the Supreme Court of the
United States, or of any circuit or district court
of the United States, or of the Court of Claims,
as an attorney or counselor of such court, or
shall be allowed to appear and be heard in any
such court by virtue of any previous admission
or any special power of attorney, unless he shall
have fust taken and subscribed the oath prescribed
in "An act to presenbe an oath of office, and for
other puiposes," approved July 2, 1862, accord-
ing to the forms and in the manner in that act
provided. The oath so taken and subscribed is
to bepieserved among the filesof such court; and
any person who shall falsely take the oath is to
be guilty of perjury, and on conviction to be lia-
ble to the pains and penalties of perjury, and the
additional pains and penalties in the act of July
2, 1862, provided.
The bill was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. WADE, it was
Ordered, That the petition and other papers in the case
of Richard Pitch, praying for bounty land, be taken fiom
the files of the Senate and referred to the Committee on
Private Land Claims.
On motion of Mr. LANE, of Kansas, it was
Ordered, That the petition and other papers in the case
of the heirsof John Dcnman.aud George Townley be taken
from the files of the Senate and referred to the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims.
_ MILITARY INTERFERENCE WITH ELECTIONS.
Mr. POWELL submitted the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War bo directed to trans-
mit to the Senate all orders or proclamations in his Depart-
ment concerning elections, issued by military authoiity, in
tiie States of Kentucky, Missouri, Maryland, and Delaware.
Mr. WILSON. Let it He over until to-morrow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, it lies over under the rules.
ORDNANCE FOR FORTIFICATIONS.
Mr. WILSON submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the committee on the conduct of the war
be instructed to inquire into the characterand efficiency of
the heavy oiduance now provided for the armament of forti-
fications, the mode ol fabrication,the amount of •' royalty"
paid and to whom fur the use of a "patent" in the manu-
facture, the tests to which these guns are subjected when
received into service, the reasons for believing the tests sat-
isfactory, vvliat proportion of our sea and land armament is
of lifted ordnance, when lifted guns were introduced, and
the cause of the delay pertaining thereto.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the Speaker of the House of Representatives had
appointed Mr. Daniel W. Gooch of'Massachu-
setts, Mr. George W. Julian of Indiana, Mr.
Moses F. Odell of New York, and Mr. Benja-
min F. Loan of Missouri, members on the part
of the House of the joint committee on the con-
duct and expenditures of the war.
The message also announced that the House of
Representatives had passed a bill (No. 122) to in-
crease the internal revenue, and for other purposes*,
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate.
PROPOSED EXPULSION OF MR. DAVIS.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, to whom was referred the
resolution offered by the Senator from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Wilson] for the expulsion of Hon.
Garrett Davis, a Senator from Kentucky, have
instructed me to report it back, and to ask to be
discharged from its further consideration.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. I presume that it will be the
pleasure of the Senate to continue to-day the
debate upon the subject that was up when it last,
adjourned, and to finish that subject. I do not
desire to interfere with that debate. I therefore
move to make the resolution offered by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts for my expulsion the
special order for to-morrow at one o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kentucky moves to postpone all prior orders for
the purpose of proceeding to the consideration of
the resolution indicated by him.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution is
now before the Senate, and the Senator from Ken-
tucky moves to postpone its further consideration
until one o'clock to-morrow, and make it the spe-
cial order for that time.
The motion was agreed to.
COURTS IN WEST TENNESSEE.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 65) to change the place of holding the circuit
and district courts of the United States for the
