1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2341
Mr. STEVENS. I know nothing about the
matter except what is contained in these papers.
Probably some gentlemen can inform the commit-
tee as to the facts.
Mr. W1NDOM. I presume that the Delegate
from Utah has all the information on the subject.
I have none myself except what I gather from
these papers. The Committee on Indian Affairs
thought that the appropriation should be made.
Mr. KINNEY. Mr. Chairman, the papers
that have been read from the Clerk's desk place
the House in possession of all the facts on which
the additional appropriation is asked for. The
last Congress made an appropriation of §25,000
for the present fiscal year. The late superintend^
ent, Governor Doty, states that in consequence of
the severity of the winter, and the threatening at-
titude of the Indians, it was necessary to draw
largely on the appropriation, and the result is
that the appropriation was not only exhausted
within the first half of the-fiscal year, but the su-
perintendence is actually at this time several thou-
sand dollars in debt.
The object of the amendment then is, Mr. Chair-
man, to pay off these debts, to purchase the usual
supply of provisions, and to pay the transporta-
tion on the goods and provisions from the Mis-
souri river to the several tribes of Indians in the
Territory of Utah. It has been the custom of the
superintendentof Utah to make presents of flour,
tobacco, blankets, &c., to the Indians of Utah for
a number of years past, upon the very wise policy
that it is much cheaper to feed and clothe the In-
dians than to fight them. These presents they
expect and have a right to receive. In no other
way can you keep them in subordination. Thou-
sands of dollars are annually expended by the cit-
izens of Utah m donations, as an act of charity to
the Indians, to make up for the meager appropri-
ations of Congress to these the wards of the Gen-
eral Government. This has been for years an
onerous tax upon the people, which they cannot
longer bear.
Refu.se to make this appropriation asked for by
the Secretary of the Interior and Commissioner
of Indian Affairs, and sought to be obtained by the
amendment offered, and there is not a dollar for the
purchase of flour, or the transportation of goods
for this year, those necessary and usual presents
which the Indians have been accustomed to re-
ceive, or for the payment of existing obligations
which have been unavoidably incurred, i speak
of flour, Mr. Chairman, as it is now from fifteen to
twenty dollars a hundred in Utah, and difficult to
obtain in consequence of its scarcity except for the
actual necessities of the people. In consequence
of the scarcity of water in Utah last season for
irrigating purposes, the ordinary crop of wheat
was not raised, and the unusual demand for sup-
plying immigiation, and the miners of Idaho, and
the consumption by your army stationed at Great
SaltLdke City, ostensibly to protect immigration
and the overland mail from Indian depredations,
have well-nigh exhausted the entire crop. The
purchase of this article for the Indian service dur-
ing the past winter, at the high price which it
readily commanded in the market, tended greatly
to exhaust the appropriation, which, as the Com-
missioner well says in his communication, was
but a small one.
Withhold the appropriation for the destitute
and starving Indians of Utah, and murder and
plunder are the inevitable consequences; possi-
bly agencraluprisingamongthe Indiansof Utah,
because their " great father" has refused to make
provision for their pressing wants. Then* game
has disappeared, their country reduced to intelli-
gent cultivation, and the Indians of Utah aie al-
most wholly dependent upon the Govei nment for
subsistence. If this appropriation is withheld, 1
fear the war-whoop will again be sounded, and
the wai-path again resumed. I know something,
Mr. Chan man, of Indian chaiacter, and am fa-
miliar with the atrocities which have been com-
mitted by the Indians of Utah upon unsuspecting
citizens and unoffending emigrants. Many, very
many of both classes have lost their lives, and fail-
en victims to Indian cupidityand Indian revenge.
The Indians of Utah are upon the great highway
to the Pacific, upon the line of your overland
mail, and upon the emigrant road which leads to
the gold-fields of California, Montana, and Idaho.
In no Territory are so many vital interests at
stake, and in no one is it so impoitant to secure
and maintain peaceful relations with the Indians
as in Utah. Experience has proved-that those
relations are more securely established, more hu-
manely and economically maintained by presents
and kind treatment, than by standing armies, bul-
lets and shell. I repeat, withhold the appro-
priation which has become necessary in conse-
quence of this very humane and prudent policy
having been adopted, and you not only ex-
pose the citizens of Utah to Indian depredation
and hostility, but you also expose the lives of
the passengers and drivers upon the overland
mail, and also the lives of men, women, and chil-
dren who are seeking future homes in the new
Eldorado of the teeming West. Are gentlemen
willing to assume this great responsibility ? I ask
if they are willing to expose the lives of their own
citizens who, stimulated by a spirit of enterprise,
arc on their way to Montana and Idaho, pioneers
in the great march of progress and of empire?
As this appropriation is sanctioned by the De-
partment of the Interior, approved by the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, necessary, in my judg-
ment, to preserve peace with the Indians, I hope
the amendment will prevail.
Mr. MclNDOE. Is there any treaty existing
between the Government of the United States and
these Utah Indians?
Mr. KINNEY. There never has been the
usual treaty with these Indians. They are sit-
uated differently from most of the other Indians
of the country. They have been kept in toler-
able subjection and subordination only through
the presents made to them through the Indian su-
perintendency.
Mr, MclNDOE. What has been the amount
heretofore appropriated for this purpose?
Mr. KINN EY. Twenty-five thousand dollars.
Mr. MclNDOE. So much as that?
Mr. KINNEY. Yes, sir.
Mr. MclNDOE. Always?
Mr. KINNEY. I do notknowthat Congress
has always appropriated that amount. That is
the sum appropriated by last Congress.
Mr. STEVENS. These appropriations are
mere annuities voted from year to year, which are
expended among the Indians for the purpose of
keeping them quiet. Twenty-five thousand dol-
lars has been the sum usually appropriated.
Mi.KlNNEY; Yes, sir, that has been the
sum. There are about twelve thousand Indians
in theTerntory of Utah. The settlements in that
country commenced in 1850. Since that time the
settlements have been maintained there and have
been rapidly increasing,^and I think the Govern-
ment has been very negligent in not treating with
these Indians as they have done with the Indiatfs
in the other Territories. They ought long ago to
have been under treaty obligations.
I will state further that the entire amount ap-
propriated for these Utnh Indians is only $25,000,
and does not near come up to the appropriations
for the Indian service m New Mexico by this
very hill.
Mr. STEVENS. It has not been submitted
to the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. KINNEY. It wassubmittcd to the chair-
man of that committee.
Mr. SHANNON. I hope this amendment will
be agreed to. It is little, very little, that is asked
for the purpose of tieating with these Indians
and bringing them as far as possible into the hab-
its of civilized life. A great emigration is going
over the plains through that country, and if men,
women, and childien are to be slaughtered in con-
sequence of the Indians believing they have not
been properly treated by the Government in order
to avoid an appropriation of a few thousand dol-
lars, it seems to me it is a penny-wise and pound-
foolish policy.
The question being on the adoption of the
amendment, thirty-eight voted in the affirmative.
Mr. SHANNON called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Shannon
and English wore appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 48, noes 50.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
The following paragraph of the bill being under
consideration—
For MilMstonoc and clothing, and general incidental «x-
pp)i«e-< ot the Sutton, Wahpaton, ModawaRanton, duel
; Wabpakoota band* of Sioux or Dakou Indians, at their
j now homo*, $!£>(),OUO—
Mr. WINDOM. 1 move to amend by striking
out "$150,000'' and inserting in lieu thereof
"$75,000." If this amendment shall beadopted
I propose to follow it up with another appropri-
ating $75,000 for the support of the Winnebago
Indians. The facts are these: in February, 1863,
two bills were passed by Congress, one for the
removal of these bands of Sioux Indians, and the
other for the removal of the Winnebago Indians.
They have been removed to the Upper Missouri
river, and are now located at the same place. The
Winnebagoes number about twenty-five hundred
and the Sioux about thirteen hundred. We have
appropriated in another poi uon of the bill for the
support oftheWinnebagoes, in pursuance of treaty
stipulations, $54,000. We have no treaty stipu-
lations with the Sioux Indians. All our treaties
with them were abrogated by the act of February
last, and this $150,000 is a mere gratuity to them.
I do not think that as large an amount as that is
necessary. I think $75,000 is quite sufficient for
these thirteen hundred Indians, who have been
guilty of every enormity men or devils could de-
vise, and that if even $75,000 is given to them we
ought to give the other $75,000 to these twenty-
five hundred Winnebagoes who have alwaysbeen
friendly. I do not propose, therefore, either to in-
crease or decrease this appropriation, but to divide
it equally between the Sioux and Winnebagoes.
The Sioux have in my State a large body of land,
some nine hundred thousand acres, worth notless
than $2,000,000,which is to be sold for their benefit.
The Winnebagoes also have a considerable amount
of land which has not yet been sold, and which
is, therefore, not available for their maintenance.
I hope this amendment will be adopted.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not know that I under-
stand the gentleman's amendment. If it is as I
suppose, fdo not know that I will object to it.
The Winnebagoes, to whom thegentleman refers,
have an annuity now under treaty stipulation.
You have appropriated in this bill $54,000 for
them. The Indians named above, the Indians
with the hard names, were by an act of the last
Congress ordered to be removed, and they have
been removed. They are without treaty stipu-
lations, and to support them at their new homes
this appropriation is necessary.
Mr. W1NDOM. I have no objection to mak-
ing this $100,000, but I want, to apply the $50,000
to the W innebagoes. They have not acted in bad
faith, and they are good Indians if there are any
good anywhere. I believe we ought to anticipate
the sale of their lands.
Mr. STEVENS. The Department have not
asked for anything of that kind; therefore while
I go for striking off $50,000, I cannot go for the
other part of the proposition.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. The Winnebago
Indians are in a starving condition. I have letters
proving the correctness of this statement. Many
of them have actually starved to death. I am sat-
isfied that an appropriation of $50,000 will not
maintain them for the present year, while on the
other hand $50,000 is more than adequate for the
support of the Sissetons. The Sissetons are the
worst enemies of the whites in the Northwest.
They have been engaged in all the bloody mas-
sacres that have recently taken place. The Win-
nebagoes have always been friendly to the whites,
while the Sissetons have always been enemies.
Yet the committee propose by this bill to give to
every man, woman, and child of the Sisseton In-
dians more than one hundred dollars each fo* the
coming year. I think it is just and proper that a
division of the sum should be made, and a portion
given to the Sissetons and the remaining portion
to the Winnebagoes.
Mr. WINDOM. I will modify my amendment
so as to move to strike out the whole paragraph
and in lieu thereof to insert the following:
For {subsistence and clothing and general incidental ex-
panses ot llie fMsseton, VVahpaton, Med.nvakautou, a  d
Wabpakoota band«  of Sioux or Dakota .Indians, at their
new $J 00,0.30; and foi subsistence and clothing and
geni'ia) mcidontai expenses ol ttie Winnebago Indians at
tiieir new borne:-, $50,000. ,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. What is
that odd fifty dollars for?
Mr. WINDOM. I will move to strike that out.
I will state, Mr. Chairman, that my amendment
does not increase the appropriation at aII. It
leaves it as before. There are,as I am informed,
only about thirteen hundred Stcrnx, while the
Winnebagoes number about two thousand five
