THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 27,
must pay $500 for the purpose of buying .the
gdnte exemption:" , . _
. , Nqw.j'sii-, there'are something more than three
"ihiliion of natidrial forces borne on pur>nrol.Lment
list; C)f Uieftp.three million# and upwards, it is
ptopike'd'to draft qne ^ixthj -^ith fifty per.cent.
Additional", making sftven hundred and fifty, thou-
"(Wfifl-m'erf to bo ordered tp be drafted. , It seems
to me that a'l'ai'ge proportion of those who wish
to'eScape'llie draft will pay tKeir $300 before,the
flay of draft',•and'l'Viave no doubt that out pf the
Jhree million enrofled,men,at least half of them
will pay the $300 bounty before the day of draft.
There mrfy be sotVie who will take the chance and
pay the $500.
*-,Bat suppose the whole million and a half pay
fo'rlheir exemption befoie draft, that will pro-
duce |450,000,000; and supposc: that enough, of
them pay aftov, draft to yield $50,000,000 more,
there will be a fund of $500,000,000 raised, not by
•general taxation, but by a levy on those who are
eager to pay their money, and that fund will be
devoted by this bill to paying volunteers.
Mv. WILSON. I desire to ask the gentleman
whether he provides in his bill that the payment
of $300 before a draft shall exempt for the term
of two years ?
Mr. STEVENS. Unless the roll shall be
sooner exhausted. That is added to my substi-
tute, although it is not in the printed copy. They
are to be exempted for two years, or until every-
body else whose name is in the box has been
drawn out; it' the box is exhausted, the names of
the men thus exempted are to be put. into the box
again, should another draft be needed. , .
1 provide then that there shall he paid out of
this fund, which I estimate at $500,000,000, a
bounty of $500 to evei y man who will voluntarily
enlist, one half when he "shall bo mustered into
the service and the other half when he shall be
discharged,or, if"He be killed, then lo those who
represent him. Now, sir, let us sec how thatwill
operate. In the first place, the bounty of $500
will be a a;re'at inducement to men of moderate
means to enlist—men who may beunxioits to buy
a little honje for the'mselv.esj and to leave a little
money with lhei'r families, arid who may wish to
escape the chance of being drawn; for, if drafted,
' their bounty will be but $100 under the existing
lav^, while if they volunteer their bounty will be
$500.' Now, I put it to the common sense of all
around me whether a provision of that kind held
out to the community would not bring flocks of
volunteers to our standard? ! have no doubt thit
it Would.
But it is further provided that if you do notob-
tain a sufficient number of volunteers in this way
and a sufficient number of drafted men to serve,
then within ten days alter that draft shall be com-
pleted you shall go on and draft again to fill up
the 'quota of five hundred thousand men, and
SO on', toiies quolies, until the whole number is
drawn. In my judgment, foity or fifty days would
be a long time for it to take, under such circum-
stances, in which lo raise the number of men pro-
vided for in lliis bill, i believe that this gi eat in-
ducement of §500 would lead men of moderate
means to leave their homes for two years', and
thus secure exemption fiom'cotnpulsory service
for'two yenis, and especially when in so enlisting
they would bo under the command of their own
neighbors, and in companies composed of their
own neighbors. It is a great inducement to men
who are railed upon to go forth to fight these bat-
tles that they can go with their friends and asso-
ciates and neighbors. Everybody who has no-
ticed what has taken place in the community
knows that that is very often a great inducement
to a man to enlist when he would not otherwise
do.it.,
f have provided further, that when the Presi-
dent deems that old regiments are exhausted, he
may consolidate them and send bark the super-
numerary officers into their neighborhoodj to
raise new companies and regiments, and thus a
large number of drilled and disciplined officers
will be retained in the service.
Mr. WILSON. 1 would ask the gentleman
why it would not be as well to enlist men in the
neighborhoods where their original companies
went from to be placed in ihe same companies,
and thus keep up the old regiments?
Mr. STEVENS. 1 have already said that I
believe that if you send officers into a neighbor-
hood to recruit men, without the men knowing
.by whom they are to be commanded, or with
whom they are to be associated, you cannot get
them to go, and I have seen it, tried over and over
again. .
Mr. WILSON., My' suggestion is that if sent
home to recruit, they shaji recruit men for the old
regiments—that is, the regiments in which they
hold commissions—so that the old regiments may
be'kept full. All your troops have a pride in the
old regiments, and desire to keep up those or-
ganizations. It seems to me better to provide
thai men enlisted in neighborhoods from which
the old companies went shall go into those com-
panies.
Mr. STEVENS. There may be differences of
opinion about these minor points. I do not ex-
pect that we can all agree about the question as
to how we can raise an army in such a way as
will do it quickest and do it most, consistently
with the genius of our Government, the feelings
of our people, and with a support-of the Admin-
istration. 1 have done the best I could in point-
ing out in this bill what I verily believe is the
best policy that can be adoptedforsecuring these
great objocts. I believe that if the men are raised
so that they shall be under the command of the
officers who may raise the companies or regi-
ments, they will take a pride in it, and many of
those who have been discharged from service will
reerihst. For instance, there are the Pennsylva-
nia reserves, many of whom are in my district.
There are colonels and captains there, and they
would at once set to work and raise companies
and regiments as they did befoie from the same
neighboihoods, adding, of course, many others
to them. If there can be a bettor system sug-
gested, and one which does not savor of that tyr-
anny that our people do not like,I shall be will-
ing to adopt it. I do not say how much the
people would bear; but 1 fear they would bear
but illy the harsh measures, as it seems to me,
which are proposed in the original bill.
Now, sir, 1 have explained nearly all the pro-
visions of my substitute. I have added a new
feature to it which 1 have submitted with great
deference to the'House; and t should have felt a
good deal loss confidence in it if 1 had not seen
the same principle contained in the amendment
proposed by my friend from Vermont, [Mr.
MoftiiiLL.] U is this, thett the President shall be
authorized to accept fifty thousand men between
the ages of forty-five and fifty-live, who are to
receive a bounty of $100, and are to be called the
" Old Guard," and be employed forgarrison and
post duty, i know there aie a gieat many men
within my own knowledge, sound, hearty, good
men, very nearly as young as I am, [laughter,]
who would be very willing to serve on those con-
ditions, and who, I think, would take a pride in
it. Perhaps they would not be able to march;
some of them may be a little defective m some
limb, and yet they arc active for all the common
purposes of life, and for garrison pur,poses, I ven-
ture to say, would do as well as any man could.
This, however, is left optional with the President;
and if he thinks it a piudent measure, I think it
will be very useful.
I provide still further by an amendment, which
in m manuscript only, and therefore gentlemen
may not have seen il, that when men are drafted
and come to be examined for physical disability,
the surgeon shall examine as to the degree of
their disability, and although he may pronounce
them unfit for field duty, for marching, yet if he
deems them fit for garrison duty, if they have
that kind of disability only which make3 them
unfit to march, he shall so certify, and without
legaid to their ages they are to be placed in the
"Old Guard" to serve with those who are labor-
ing under the weight of years. 1 think in that
way that a great many men may be made avail-
able who have been discharged, who are every
day about their business as actively as any man,
but who have yet some blemish about them in-
visible to the naked eye, and never known until
they were drafted. They might be very service-
able in places of this kind, and if they do not
choose to seive they ought not to be allowed to
escape without paying commutation.
1 think, sir, that in this way an army may be
raised in less than forty days, certainly in less
than sixty days, which will be all that is required,
and swell our Army above half a million.
I know, sir, that- between now and next spring
the term of service of a great many men will ex-
pire. I do not know how many, and perhaps if I
did it would not be prudent to state the number.
It will be necessary between- then and now to fill
their places for another year.,* If there be any-
thing in this substitute of mine which is harsh or
improper I should be glad- to have it amended.
I am so much opposed to raising an army at the
trigger or at the point of the bayonet that I am
very solicitous that this plan should be tried.
There is another very important consideration
connected with this matter, and that is that you
should 90 conduct the raising of this army as not
to alienate the affections of the people or provoke
their hostility. I am not going to say thatthere
would be anything like actual resistance to this
law. That is a matter about which there may be
difference of opinion. In some localities there
would be ill feeling created and I should fear in
other localities something worse. But so long as
it is unnecessary to try this experiment, I beseech
you not to put the people to the trial. It may be
that even this measure of mine, with these high
bounties, may fail to secure the requisite number
of men. I do not so believe. I believe that you
can get the men quicker and more satisfactorily
in this way than in any other. If the numberof
men should pay commutation that I estimated in
the first instance, then after you had paid $500
to every man of the half million, amounting to
$250,000,000, you would still have $250,000,000
ill the Treasury to be applied as a fund for fur-
ther volunteering. I believe that of the commuta-
tion money raised under the last drafts, although
the Secretary of War has been using the money
profusely, paying $300 bounties and in some in-
stances $400 bounty, there yet remains, after pay-
ing all those bounties, over five million dollars of
that money in the Treasury.
Now, sir, I have submitted, candidly I trust,
and as clearly as I can, my ideas upon this subject.
It is an important question, and one upon winch
I hope 110 man will act factiously. 1 believe 110
man will. I believe all who are here will act
with a sincere desire so to recruit our Army and
so to sustain our Government as if possible to
suppress this terrible rebellion and stop the blood-
shed.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCI-IENCK obtained the floor.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me for a moment to have read an amend-
ment which I wish to offer if I can to the sub-
stitute of the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have no objection to the
amendment being read for information
Mr. IIOTCH1CIS8. i propose, when oppor-
tunity shall occur, to offer the following as an
additional section:
Snc. 5. Jltid be it farther cnacted, That the twentieth
section ot the act entitled "An act to amend an act enti-
tled 'An act lor enrolling and calling out the national (orces,
and tor other purport?,5   approved FcbiuaiyiM,1804, thai I
be eonsnued to mean that the Secretaiy of War s-haH dis>-
chaige Illinois under the age of eighteen years, under the
cucum-tances and on the conditions ptesenbed in said
section j and hereafter, if any officer of the United States
shall knowingly enlist or mur>tei into the mil itaiy beivieo
any person under the age of sixteen years, with 01 without
the consent of his patent or guatdian, Hioh person to en-
listed or recruited ^hall he immediately and uncondition-
ally discharged; and such reeiuiting or mustering officer
shall he dismissed the set vice with forfeiture of all pay and
allowances, and shall be subject to such further punish-
ment as a court-martial may direct.
ENROLLED RESOLUTION.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had examined
and found truly enrolled joint lusolution (II. 11.
No. 115) to continue in force the joint resolution
entitled "Joint resolution to increase temporarily
the duties on imports," approved April 29,1864;
when the Speaker signed the sumei
CONSCRIPTION BILL AGAIN.
Mr. SCHENCK. The House will pardon mo
if I should appear not in every respect to under-
stand precisely the substitute of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania. He has received and accepted
so many modifications, that I may not have kept
the run of them; adopting so many changes, in-
deed, that the printed matter before us dom very
little to indicate the amendment as it now stands.
I shall therefore, before I sit down,, offer a sub-
stitute for the gentleman's amendment.
