320
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25.
district of West Tennessee,'find for other pur-
poses, have instructed me to report it back with-
out amendment, and with a recommendation that
it pass. I ask theunaaimous consent of the Sen-
ate to consider the bill now. It merely provides
for changing the place of holding the courts in
the western district of Tennessee from an interior
town to Memphis.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill. It directs that hereafter the circuit and
district courts of the United States for the district
of West Tennessee shall be holdcn at the city of
Memphis on the first Monday in March and the
first Monday in September of each year, and at
no other place. All process, civil and criminal,
which may have been or hereafter may be issued,
returnable to those courts, at Jackson or Hun-
tingdon, is to be returned to them, respectively,
at the city of Memphis; and all books and records
of every kind, pertaining to those courts, aie to be
transferred from the places where they have here-*
tofore been held to the city of Memphis.
The judges of the United States circuit court,
and of "the United States district court for the sev-
eral districts of Tennessee, -may, whenever in
their opinion the public interests require it, ap-
point special terms of their respective courts at
ICnoxville,Nashville, and Memphis, to be holden
at such time as they shall deem most conducive
to the public good. Notice of each special term
appointed under the provisions of this act is to
be published in at least one newspaper printed in
the town or city in which a term is to be held,
for four consecutive weeks.
The bill was reported' to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
TIIE NAVY DEPARTMENT.
Mr. HALE. I submitted a few days ago a
resolution, which was laid over, asking for some
investigation in regard to the Navy Department.
1 desire now to call up that resolution, and I have
some statements to make and an amendment to
propose to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
offered by the Senator from New Hampshire is
now before the Senate in its regular order, and it
will be read.
The Secretary read the following resolution,
submitted hy Mr. ITai.t: on the 8th of January:
Ilesolvcd, That the Committee on Naval AlfuiiN he in-
structed to UKjuirc into the pioent condition of the Navv,
the eihcuiiey ot the sleam engines latch conducted and
now belnu eon=tiueted loi the u-?u of tlx; Navv, the mode
and inanuei ol pioeuiiug supplies lor the N.ivj,;uui the
conductor the Uepattmeuigmentllj; and that they have
powci to hcml ioi pt;ih< nv« and papeih.
Mr. U ALE. [ want, to make a few statements
to the Senate which 1 think will satisfy them of
the necessity and piopiirty of instituting some of
these mqunietf. It will hi seen hy the estimates
of ex peases, that we are called upon to appro pi inte
this year 000,000 for naval purposes. This
sum is large or small by comparison. ] have been
pt some pains to look at the naval expenditures
of the civilized world, as they have been furnished
mo by one of ourassistnnt hbtanans. I find that
the naval expendiiuics of Cri eat Hi itain during the
year lb02 weie £.59,40^,940; of Fiance for 1863, as
voted hy the Corj>s Lcv;htal\f, $30,000,000; ofvSpatn
for lbG\M>3, $11),4^1,617; of Rus.sia for 18G2,
449,37,'*; ofAustna pet budget of ll<G3, "$5,314,000;
of the Net liei lands for of Sweden
for 186:*, $.V>0.VW>; of Fntssia for ]rt(W, <*1,4*0,-
2G0; of Poituga] for 186:2-63, $lli,GG0. ' These
Rums arc given in dollars, and th' y compt iso the
naval expenditures of all the civilized nations of
the world, with the exception of Italy and Den-
mark. Italy and Denimuk publish no naval ex-
penses separate from the geneial war expenses;
but the expenses ofthe eivihz'd woild for a year,
taking sometimes 18G'2, and sometimes 1862 and
1863, and sometimes 1SG3, as th^y are given,
amount in gross to $138,318,69:2, so that we are
called upon to spend this year some four million
doilats more than all the rest of the world with
tho exception of Italy and Denmark.
It may be said, and said with truth, that these
are oxpendituics in time of peace. I have been
at some pains to Molt over the expenditures of
England and France in the gigantic struggle of (lie
Crimean war. That war was declared on the 27th
of March, 1851, and the Crimea was evacuated by :
the allies July 12, 1857, lasting a little more than
three yeans and five months. The total naval ex-
penditures of Great Britain durinsr the war were
$262,032,210, and of France $87,877,578, making
a total of $349,909,788 for the whole naval ex-
penses of France and England during the Crimean
war, which was less than $100,000,000 a year; so
that we are called upon this year to appropriate
for ourNavy §40,000,000 more than was spent by
the combined nations of France and England in
any one year during the Crimean war. I have got
these statistics for the purpose ofletting the Senate
and the country see what we are asked to do.
But, Mr. President, I want to call the attention
of my friend from Iowa [Mr. Grimes] to an ex-
planation which he made of a bill where extrava-
gant prices were paid, and 1 want to say to him
that the explanation which he gave, to my mind
is entirely unsatisfactory, and that I am informed
by those who pretend to know that in that class
of supplies where a thousand per cent, was paid
above the market price, there is not a single arti-
cle that was u*dor the market price, and that will
so appear on investigation.
These are matters that I think ought to be in-
quired into, and there are some other matters that
I think ought to be inquired into. I think there
is something very singular m regard to the mode
offurnishing supplies. But I judge from the mani-
festations the other day that the Senate are rather
averse to making these inquiries, or at least averse
to trusting them to the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs. Mr. President, if I ever spoke the truth in
all my life, or ever hope to do so, I declare that
nothing on earth would relieve me more than that
the Senate should take this matter from the Naval
Committee and give it to a select committee, and
that they should be instructed to make these in-
quiries.
Mr. President, at the time that we are engaged
in the greatest struggle the world has ever seen,
and when the subject of our Navy is to my mind
one of the mostirrtportant, if there is an investiga-
tion to be had it seems to me that it should be had
here, and should not be left to be decidcdby yacht-
ing matches which the Assistant Secretary is chal-
lenging the world to get up in the harbors of Eos-
ton and New York,as maybe seen bythepublic
papers. Upon the suggestion of my friend fiom
Jowa, who has submitted to mean amendment
which he is willing to go for, and which 1 am
willing to take if I cannot get anything more, 1
move that the resolution which I submitted to the
Senate be amended by striking1 out all after the
word "that," and inserting what I send to the
Chair, which is what was furnished to me by
the Senator from Iowa.
Another word before I sit down, and then I
shall not trouble the Senate. It seemed to be in-
timated—and especially by my fiiend from Wis-
consin, [Mr. Doolittle,] for whom I have the
greatest respect and no other feelings than those of
kindness—that these inquiries and tiicse resolu-
tions look to opposition to the Navy Department,
and, I believe, to the A (1 ministration. Not so, Air.
Piesident. I am not here to-day to make a pro-
fession of faith. If the history of my humble
life has not classed me it would be idle for me
to undertake to do it by any professions now. I
was opposed to stealing fiom the Tieasury when
it was (lone by Democtats. I am not in favorof
having it done by anybody. I do not say that it
is done, but I say thete are things that ou^ht to
be investigated. Sir, the good Book tells us that
Judas lscariot was a thief and carried the bag
that held the conti ihutions which belonged to the
twelve disciples in common; and I suppose that
if anybody questioned his integrity Judas pro-
nounced him at once a foe of Christ and Christi-
anity. Not so, sir. If there be dishonest prac-
tices, if theie be defects in the law, if th^rc be
anything wiong, all on earth that I ask is that
there may be on honest inquiry into it. I believe
that the matter of naval supplies especially re-
quires it. In regard to the matter of steam en-
gines, T think an inquiry ought to be made; it is
a matter that deeply interests the American people
and the American Senate, but I plead guilty to
just exactly what my friend from Iowa has done:
I feel almost onth\ly incompetent to investigate
that mattei; I do not want to investigate it; and
if the Senate should send it to the Naval Commit-
tee I should not think of taking that investigation
upon myself, but should devolve it upon others;
but that is not now before the Senate; this is a
question of naval supplies; I accept the amend-
ment which has been suggested to me by the
Senator from Iowa.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The proposed
amendment submitted by the Senator fiom New
Hampshire will be read.
The Secretary read the amendment, which was
to strike out all of the resolution after the word
" that," and to insert the following:
A seleet eommittoo of thrw bo appointed hy the Chair to
investigate the subject of naval supplies and that th«y
have power to send lor peisons and papers and to employ
a stenographer.
The amendment was agreed to.
The resolution, as amended, was adopted.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will inquire, for in-
formation, of the honorable Senator from New
Hampshire, if he does not suppose that under
this resolutibn the committee on the general con-
duct of the war will be relieved in their jurisdic-
tion of so much of the conduct of the war as
relates.to the Navy. It may give rise to a conflict
of jurisdiction between our committees, and they
may perhaps be punishing each other for con-
tempt and sending for witnesses.
Mr. HALE. I do not want to express any
opinion on the subject, although 1 have a very
decided one.
The VICEPRESIDENTappointed Mr. Hale,
Mr. Grimes, and Mr. Buckalew the select com-
mittee.
OATH OP OFFICE.
The VICE PRESIDENT. A resolution sub-
mitted by the Senator from Kentucky,[Mr. Da-
vis,] calling for all correspondence betwec-n the
authorities of the United States and the rebels in
relation to the exchange o'f prisoners, is now be-
fore the Senate in its order.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that that resolution
and all prior orders be postponed, and that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of the order
of the day, the unfinished business of Thursday
last.
The motion was agreed to; and the.Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the following resolu-
tion submitted by Mr. Sumner on the 17th of
December last:
Revolted, That the following be added to the rules of the
Senate:
The oath or affirmation prescrihcd hy act of Congress of
J iijy :2, to be taken and subscribed before entering
upon the duties of olfice, t-luill bo taken and subset ibed by
eveiy Senator in open Senate befote enteritis upon hi« da-
tie.-. It shall aKo he taken awl subscribed m the same way
bv the Sc. cm taiy ot the Ornate; but the othct officers of the
Senate may take and subscribe it in the olficc of the See-
retaiw
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, the ques-
tion now picsonted to the Senate for decision de-
rives its impoitancc not so much from any imme-
diate results to follow from that decision as from
a consideration of those, which may occur in the
futuie. A cahn, wise,and just decision now may
prevent great difficulty anil embarrassment here-
after. If the act of July, 1862, entitled "An act
to prescribe an oath of office, and for other pur-
poses," was designed by its supporters to include
Senators and Representatives in Congress, I can
conceive but one object which they sought by its
passage to accomplish, that object being none
other than the exclusion in the future of the States
now in revolution from a representation m this
and the other House of Congress, if happily that
revolution should not be permanently successful
and the Federal authority should again !">e ac-
knowledged in the confederate States. Reprceent-
atives from those States must necessarily be such
as those States or their people select in accoid-
i i ancc with the forms and spirit of the Constitution;
,! for an appointment by others of representatives
;! m the Senate and blouse of Representatives from
;j those States would not clothe such appointees
'' with the character of representatives of the Slates
or people, but only with that of agents of the
power appointing them. If such was the purpose
of the framers and advocates of the act referred
to, then indeed would they justly be subject to the
charge of being the rankest disumonists, men who,
under the pretense of endea\ormg to preserve the
Union, were really laboring to render reunion im-
possible. For who, sir, is so inconsideiate, so
absolutely ignorant as to suppose that ten million
people and thirteen States now in revolt can ever
be represented in Congress by any one who has
not to some extent been identified with them in
