THE CONGRESSIONAL" GLOBE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OE CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. G.
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, JANUARY 26, 1864.
New Series No. 21/*.
their efforts of resistance to Federal authority;
and who not willfully blind to all those considera-
tions governing human action can suppose that
reunion with exclusion from positions of honor,
trust, or profit, from all participation in the ad-
ministration of public affairs of those whose assent
to such reunion is necessary first to be had, is
possible? The wild theorist, the undisciplined
romancer may suppose such a result attainable by
war, but he who has studied the philosophy of
human action, the motives which win consent or
impel resistance, who judges of the future by the
past, and who from the history of that past has
learned the unconquerable spirit and final triumph
of those determined to maintain what they con-
ceive to be their rights, will discard as perfectly
illusory such fancies of the disordered brain. Let
this Senate judicially determine that no one shall
hereafter be a member of the Federal Congress
who has in any way aided the existing revolu-
tion, and an additional obstacle to the many al-
ready unwisely interposed to reunion will be there-
by created, and an obstacle which experience will
demonstrate to be insuperable while it shall con-
tinue to exist. But, sir, I will not discuss the
policy or impolicy of the act in reference to the
question of reunion or the influence which a just
interpretation of its provisions may have upon
that tesult. These suggestions are necessary to
relieve honorable Senatois who stand in the open
doors of the Union synagogue and with wide-
spread phylacteries proclaim their devotion to the
principles and purposes of Union, and evidence
their suicei tty by bitter denunciation of those who
refuge to interpose obstacles to reunion by the ad-
vocacy of measures which are calculated if not de-
signed to render reunion impossible from an im-
putation irresistibly conclusive if the act under
discussion was designed to include members of
the national legislature. The legitimate subjects
of inquiry are these: are Senatois and Represent-
atives in Congress required by the act of July,
1862, to take the oath therein prescribed, and if
so, is such requirement constitutional or uncon-
stitutional? I shall maintain, fust, that the act
does not apply to Senators, and secondly, if it
does so apply, that the act is unconstitutional and
void.
The words of the act are:
" That hereaftei every person elected orappmnted to any
office or' honor or profit under the Goveinmcntofthe United
Slates, either in tin' civil, military, 01 naval departments of
the public setviee "
No one contends that a Senator holds office in the
military or naval department of the public service.
Is he elected or appointed to any office of honor
or profit under the Government of the United
States in the civil department of the public ser-
vice? If so, he is a civil officer of or under the
Government of the United States. Is he such
civil officer? I contend that he is not, bccausc he
is not elected or appointed by any agcncy or de-
partment of the Government of the United States,
but by his State as the representative of the State,
in a body representative of States and not of in-
dividuals. No power exists in the Government
of the United States in any of its departments to
fill or to compcl the filling by others of the trust
orposition of a Senator from a State. He whom
the Government of the United States cannot elect
or appoint, and whose election or appointment it
cannot compel, can m no just sen^e be considered
an officer of that Government. The Constitution
provides that the Senate of the United States shall
oe composed of two Senators from each State
chosen by the Legislature thereof for six years.
The trust of a Senator is nowhere denominated
in the Constitution an office, and he is nowhere
in that instrument designated as an officer. He
is called a Senator or member of the Senate, and
differs from others, as the President and Vice
President, in this particular. That he is not ic-
garded"hs an officer under the Government of the
United States is apparent from several provisions
of the Constitution. Section six, article one, de-
clares:
"No Senator orRepiesontativc shrill, duiing the time for
which lie was elected, be appointed to any civil o^icc"—
21
not any other civil office—
" under the authority of the United States, which shall have
been created, or the emoluments whereof shall have been
incieased during such tune; and no person holding any of-
fice midet the United States, shall be a member of either
Ilou&e during his continuance in office.M
The fiamers of the Constitution meant to make
the members of Congress entirely independent of
Federal authority, and hence the incompatibility
declared between the congressional trust and any
civil office under the Federal Government. By
section one, article two, of the Constitution, it is
provided that—
"No Senator or Representative, or person holding an
office of tiust or ptofil under the United States, shall he ap-
pointed an elector ot Pre&ident or Vice President."
From which it is evident that a Senator or Rep-
resentative was not intended to be considered as
holding an office of trust or profit under the United
States. The ftamers of the Constitution did not
employ unnecessary words to convey their mean-
ing. If they meant that a Senator or Represent-
ative should be considered as holding an office of
trust or profit under the United States, why are
they specially named in the provision of the Con-
stitution just read? If they so meant,all that it
would have been necessary or proper for them to
have declaied would have been that " no person
holding an office of trustor profit under the Uni-
ted States shall be appointed an elector of Presi-
dent or Vice President." When the Constitution
contemplates a public trust as an office it express-
ly designates it as such. Section one, article two,
declares:
" The executive power shall be vested in a President of
the United States. lie shall hold his> office during the tcim
of four years,.'3
Again:
" No pei^on except a natural-born citizen, ora citizen of
"the United States, at the tune of the adoption of this Con-
stitution, shall he eligible lothe ojficcaf Piesident, neithei
shall any peison be eligible to thai office who shall nothave.
attained to the age of thnty-five yeai&.5>
Again:
" In ease of the removal of the President from office, or
ol hit* death, resignation, or inability to dischaige the duties
ohhe s>aid office, the same shall devolve on the Vice Piesi-
dent."
Again, in reference to the President it pro-
vides:
" Before he entei on the execution of his officc. he shall
take the following oath or affirmation : ' i do solemnly
swear (or affirm) that I will faithtully execute the office of
Piesuient.' "
So, also, is the Vice President declared to be
an officer. Aiticlo twelve of the Amendments to
the Constitution provides that—•
"No per-on constitutionally ineligible to the office of Pres-
ident shall be entitled to that ol Vice President.
The President and Vice Presidentare officers,
buteven they are not included m the terms " civil
officets," nsemployed m the Constitution. Section
four, m ticle two, of the Constitution declares:
"The Prr«i<Ient, Vice Pie>ident and all civil officers of
tiic United States, shall be temoved tiom ojiicc on impeach-
ment loi, and eoiiv icikhi <>;, tiea-von, bnhuy, 01 othcrhigh
cuirifs and mi-demeanors.M
Speaking of the President and Vice President
in this connection, Mr. Justice Story remarks:
"The clause of th'1 Constitution now under confedera-
tion does not even .illVef to eou-idei them officer- ol the
United States. The language ol theciaiir-e, then-tore, would
rathet lead to the coneiu.-ioti that th-;) wew enumerated as
coiitiadMmuuKhed irom. rntherthan a> included in,the de-
scription ofcwil offkers of the United States.55
Holding that civil officers of the United States
men n—
" Such a* derive their appointment fiom and under the
national Government, and not tiio?e persons who, though
mombois of the Govomment.deiivethen appointment from
the States, or the people of the Slates,"
Judge Story says:
" In this view the enumeration ofthe President and Vice
President a-> impeachable officers was indispensable. "
Under this clause of the Constitution, and as-
suming that a Senator was a civil officer undei the
United States, the House of Representatives, in
1797, did impeach "William Blount, a Senator from
the State of Tennessee, of high crimes and mis-
demeanors. It will be observed that by the Con-
stitution the only persons liable, to impeachment
are the President, Vice President, and all civil
officers of the United States. The words of the
act. of July, 1862, are: - ..
" Any person elected or appointed to any office of honor
or piofit under the Government of the United States, in tbo
civildepaitment ot the public service."
These terms but describe a civil officer, for there
cannot possibly be a person elected or appointed
to any office of honor or profit under the Gov-
ernment of the United States, in the civil depart-
ment of the public service, who is not thereby,a
civil officer of the United States. I thus remark
to meet the suggestion of the Senator from Ohio,
[Mr. Sherman,] incidentally made some days
ago, that the woi ds of the act of July, 1862, were
not identical with the woids of the Constitution in
relation to the impeachment of civil officers. The
substance is the same, and the pleadings in the
case ofBlount raised the direct question whether a
Senator is a civil officer of the United States. Ifhe
was such officer, he might, by the Constitution,be
impeached, otherwi.se he couldnotbe impcached,
and the judgment of the Senate sitting as a court
of impeachment was rendered directly upon this
point, the only matter in issue joined between the
United States and the accused. The material part
of the plea filed by the attorneys ofBlount to the
1 articles of impeachment was—
'•That although true it is that he, the said William Blount,
wa- a. Senator ot the United States fiom the State of Ten-
nessee at the seveial periods in the said articles of impeach-
ment referred to, yet that he, the said William, not now
a Scnatoi, and is not, noi was < t the several penods so as
afoiesaid refened to, a civil officer'of the United States."
The replication to the plea declared that—
"The matters theiein contained are not sufficient to ex-
empt the &aid William Blount fiom answering the said ar-
ticles of impeachment, hecau>e by the Com-tftution of the
United State*, the House of .Representative* had power to
pretei the said articles of impeachment, and the Senate have
full and the sole power to fry the same."
After the case had been fully argued by the
managers on the part of the House, and by coun-
sel for the accused, a motion was made to agree
to the following resolutions:
"That William Blount was a civil officer of the United
States within the meaning of the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, and thciefore liable to be impeached by the House
of Rcpiebentatives. That as tins articles of impeachment
charge him with Inch crimes and misdemeanor Mtpposod
to have been committed while he was a Senator oi the Uni-
ted States, his plea ought to be oveuuled."
After being debated four days the motion was
decided in the negative by a vote of 14 to 11, and
judgment was thereupon rendered—
"That the matter alleged in the plea of the defendant
is sufficient 111 law to show that this court ought not to- hold
jmindicfion of said impeachment, and that the said im-
peachment i^ dismissed."
A case thus solemnly adjudged by the Senate
in the early history of the Grovermnent, that Sen-
ate sitting as a court, acting under a special oath
and passing upon the very matter in controversy
here, might under ordinary and should under all
circumstances be regarded as conclusive of the
question determined. Butl may perhaps be par-
doned, considering the times in which we live,
times in which nothing in the past is considered
I as sacred or binding,in which the maxim "stare
1 decisis" is held no longer to apply, and in which
! innovation, change, destruction, are governing
| passions, for inviting the attention of this body
! ton few additional considerations in support of
the position that a Senator is not a civil officer of
! the United States. It is provided in the third sec-
tion ofthe second ai tide of the Constitution that
the President "shall commission all officers of the
United States." Does he, or has he authority to
commission a Senator? Certainly not. By the
second section of the second article it is provided
that he
i l- Shall nominate, and by and with the advice of the Scn-
■ ate, !>hall aj^uint Linbns.-.ulOi^,other public ministers and
con-Ills, itid^ of the Supreme Com l, and all ol her officers
of the United States whe-e appointments are not herein
| othei wi.-e provided for, and winch shall be established by
! law,"'
: Hii own appointment or election, as well as
| that of the Vice President, being in the Constitu-
i tion otherwise provided for, we see the reason
