2344
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 19,
ure shall not work forfeiture when no adverse
rights intervene before the filing of the required
notification by the claimant.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
INTERNAL REVENUE.
Mr. FESSENDEN". The Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the bill (H.R.No.
405) to provide internal revenue to support the
Government, to pay interest on the public debt,
and for other purposes, have directed me to re-
port it back to the Senate with several amend-
ments. I desire the Secretary to have the bill
and amendments printed as quickly as possible, as
1 shall call it up at an early day.
Mr. SUMNER. Would it notbe well to print
some extra copies of the bill?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Oh, no; I do not think
it necessary.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think it would be well
to print some extra copies of the bill, say one
hundred, and I will submit the motion that one
hundred extra copies be printed for the use of the
Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) The order to print the usual num-
ber will be made, and the motion to print the ex-
tra numbers will be referred to the Committee on
Printing.
Mr. SHERMAN. It might be done by unan-
imous consent in order to avoid delay.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
can be entertained by unanimous consent without
reference to a committee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If we are to order the
printing of any extra numbers, I suggest that
we should older a thousand at least.
Mr. SHERMAN. Theie will be no time to
distribute them among the country, and therefore
a large number will not be needed; but we want
more than one or two copies in examining a bill
of tins kind.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The mombeis of the
House of Representatives will want them. I
think we should print a thousand, if we print any.
Mr. SHERMAN. Well, I will say five hun-
dred.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
that five hundred copies of the bill just reported
with the amendments of the Committee on Finance
be printed for the use of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
PRINTING OF A DILL.
On motion of Mr. CONNESS, it was
Ordered, That the lull (3. No. 280) to -uueiul <tn act en-
titled u An art to f.ioilit.iU' communication between the
Atlantic and P.icific State* by electric triegiaph," approved
June 16, I860, be printed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from"the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, us Clerk, announced that
the House of Representatives had passed a bill
(No. 205) authorizing the issue of patents for lo-
cations made with ceiiificates granted under au-
thority of tise act of Congress approved Match
17, 1862, allowing floats in satisfaction of lands
sold by the United States within the limits of the
Las Oimigasand LaNanagrantsm Louisiana, m
which it i ^quested the concurrence of the Senate.
The message further announced that the House
of Representatives had passed the hill of the Sen-
ate (No. 267) to amend an act entitled " An act to
enable the people ofNevada to form a constitution
and State government, and for the admission of
such State into the Union on an equal footing with
the original States."
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
Themesaagefurtherannounced that theSpeaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
following enrolled bills and joint resolutions;
which were thereupon signed by the President
pro tempore:
A bill (H. R. No. 151) making appropriations
for the naval service for the year ending June
30, 1865, and for other purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 251) to organize a regiment
of veteran volunteer engineers;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 72) relative to
pay of staff officers of the Lieutenant General;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 77) relating to
Green Clay Goodloe; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 78) providing
for the election of a member of Congress for the
State of Illinois by the State at large.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
The message further announced that the Presi-
dent of the United States had approved and signed
on the 17th instant the following acts:
An act (H. R. No. 185) to establish a postal
money order system; and
An act (H. R. No. 370) to appoint certain offi-
cers of the Navy.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill from the House of Representatives
(No. 205) authorizing the issue of patents for
locations made with certificates gran ted under au-
thority of the act of Congress approved March
17, 1862, allowing floats in satisfaction of lands
sold by the United States within the limits of the
Las Ormigas and La Nana grants in Louisiana,
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
BRIDGE ACROSS THE OHIO RIVER.
Mr. POWELL. I move to suspend all prior
orders for the purpose of taking up House bill
No. 320. It is a very short bill, that has passed
the House of Representatives, and been reported
upon favorably by the Committee on PostOffices
and Post Roads of this body. The sole object of
it is to allow the construction of a bridge connect-
ing the Louisville and Nashville railroad with that
of the Jeffersonviile and Indianapolis railroad
across the Ohio river at the falls of the Ohio.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (H. R. No. 320) supplementary to an act
approved July 14, 18G2, entitled "An act to es-
tablish certain post loads, and for other purposes,"
It proposes to amend the act of Congress approved
July 14, 1862, entitled "An act to establish cer-
tain post loads,so as to authorize the Lliuis-
vi! 1 e and Nashville Raihoad Company, and the
JeiTersonville and Indianapolis Railroad Compa-
ny, (stockholders in the Louisville Bridge Com-
pany,) to construct a railroad bridge over the
Ohio river at the falls of the Ohio, subject to all
the provisions of that act. The bridge may be
constructed at a height not less than ten feet above
high-water mark, and with three draws, sufficient
to pass the largest boats navigating the Ohio
river, one over the Indiana chute, one over the
middle chute, and one over the canal; but the spans
uf the bridge arc not to be less than three hundred
feet, and the bridge and draws are to be so con-
structed as not to interrupt the navigation of the
Ohio river.
Mr. "WADE. I will inquire whether the bill
provides that this budge in height and span of
arches, &c., shall conform to the other bridges
that have been provided for over the Ohio river.
Mr. COLLAMER, This is an act to extend
the one to which the gentleman alludes, the act
passed last year for bridging the Ohio above the
Little Sandy river. This bridge is to be built be-
low th^re, at Louisville. In the first place, this
bill adopts that law, but it provides that this par-
ticular bridge maybe built with three draws. It
is not expected to have it by a continuous span,
and therefore the height does not become import-
ant. It is to be built at least ten feet above high-
water mark, and the passage is to be in three
draws, one over the main chute on the south
side, one over the center chute, and one over the
canal, and those are to be three hundred feet in
the clear. How they are going to build them I
do not know; but they say they can do it, and the
bill provides that they shall be three hundred feet
m the clr->u\
Mr. WADE. I believe that was the same in
the other bill.
Mr. COLLAMER. No, sir. The other bridge
was to be three hundred feet in the clear if they
made a continuous arch, and the draw was to be
two hundred feet on each side of that; butm this
bridge the draw is to be three hundred feet in the
clear.
Mr. GRIMES. What is the height?
Mr. WADE. The bill says ten feet above high-
water mark.
M r. COLL A MER. This is to be a drawbridge,
and the height is a matter of no consequence if
they will only build it high enough so that the
water will not cairy it olf.
Mr. COWAN. I doubt whether the provis-
ions in this bill have -been well considered, par-
ticularly as to the height above the water. I sup-
pose that under certain circumstances and going
in certain directions there would be no difficulty;
but under other circumstances there will be great
detention, and I should think great danger. My
recollection is that in the bill to which this is an
amendment or supplement, it was provided that
the bridges should be ninety feet abore high-water
mark.
Mr. WADE. Ninety feet above low water.
Mr. COWAN. It was at leastsufficient toen«
able boats to run under it. This is at the falls,
I understand, at a place where the water is ex-
ceedingly rapid, and where there will be great
danger m the detention of heavy drafts; I do not
mean heavy steamboats, buttow-boats with large
cargoes in tow. For instance, there may be ten
or twelve boats loaded each with fifteen ortwenty
thousand bushels of coal in tow of one of those
boats, and if they are to stop there for the open-
ing of a draw when the steamboat cannot g*o un-
der the bridge, the navigation is obstructed. In
order that this matter may be subjected to a little
more examination, there being five or six hundred
miles of this river above the place where this
bridge is contemplated to be put, and all the peo-
ple there very much interested in it, I move to
postpone the bill until some day to give an op-
portunity of examining it.
Mr. POWELL. If the Senator from' Penn-
sylvania will allow me, I will say that this bridge
is to be constructed with three draws sufficient to
pass the largest boats that navigate the Ohio river.
The bill provides s< that said bridge may be con-
structed at a height not less than ten feet above
high-water mark." That, of course, will allow
any tow-boat to pass underathigh water. There
is another provision in the bill that it shall notbe
constructed in such manner as to interrupt the
navigation of the Ohio river. The bill has been
very maturely considered by the committee of the
House of Representatives, has passed the House
of Representatives, and has received the mature
consideration of the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads of the Senate, and is reported
with a recommendation that it pass.
Really I do not see any objection to the bill on
the reasons stated by the honorable Senator from
Pennsylvania. The three draws are to be such
as to permit the largest boats to pass; and then
it is to be ten feet above high-water mark, and
that will allow every boat to pass except someof
the flat-boats. If the Senator will notice that part
of the bill he will see that the objections he makes
are certainly provided against in the bill. More-
over, I will state that .the larger number of boats
that pass the falls have to go through the canal,
where there are many locks to pass through. I
hope the Senator will withdrawals motion. It is
late in the session, and the companies are very
anxious to construct this bridge and connect their
i roads.
Mr. COWAN. I am willing to do anything
ofcourse to accommodate gentlemen ; butitstrikes
me at the moment, without having had an oppor-
tunity to think about the matter much, that this
will be an effectual obstruction to the free naviga-
tion of the Ohio river. Boats from the upper part
of the river are employed in towing, for instance,
| coals; a single steamboat will take in charge some
[ twelve or fifteen barges loaded with coals, and
j when the river is high and they can go over the
: falls without going through the canal, this bridge
| will become an obstruction, because it will beut-
; terly impossible for boats to pass under it, and
i this immense load will have to be stopped above
1 the bridge until the draw is opened, and until they
j can go through; and I think all experience has
; taught that on rapid rivers these draws are sub-
1 ject to very great accidents, disasters, and dan-
] gers, so that in fact it will amount, to afVeat ex-
1 tent, to a material obstruction in the navigation,
j I therefore ask that the bill may be held over until
1 have an opportunity to inquire as to its woik-
ing. If it is postponed until to-moriow 1 shall
endeavor to ascertain what I can in regard to it.
Mr. COLLAMER. Before this is passed over
I would call the attention of the Senator from
1 Pennsylvania, and also of the Senator from Ohio,
j to the (aw passed in relation to the other Ohio
I bridges, prescribing the manner in which they
I were to be erected.
