322
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
why they are named specially with all civil offi-
cers of the United States in the fourth section of
the second article as subject to impeachment and
liable to removal from office. Had they not been
so specially named, they could not be impeached
and removed.
A Senator exercises, executes, perfoi ms a trust,
not an office. He is elected by the Legislature of
his State, clothed with the responsible trust of
representing its sovereignty in a body in which
Rovereignties are alone represented, not appointed
by the President, the Federal Government, or any
of its Departments to an office under the Govern-
ment of the United States. He is responsible
alone to his State and to the body of which he is
a member, but of which he can in no just sense
be considered an officer. He may abuse his trust
by misrepresenting his Slate, in which event vio-
lated confidence meets its reward in the with-
drawal of that confidence by the appointment of a
successor, at the proper time, deemed more worthy
of being; clothed with so responsible a trust. What
is an office? It is defined in law to be—
" A right to exercise a public or private employment and
to take fiie fees and emoluments thereunto belonging."
!f an officer is excluded from his office the court
will award a writ of mandamus for his restora-
tion. If another usurps his office the court will
award a writ of quo warranto against the usurper
to compel him to show by whatauthority he ex-
ercises the functions of such office. These are ele-
mentary principles in reference to the law appli-
cable to offices, and to all offices properly so
called. Will a mandamus or quo warranto lie in
behalf of or be awarded against a Senator or a
person claiming to be or assuming to act as such?
fey no means. The Senate may refuse, arbitra-
rily refuse, admission into this body to my col-
league or any one else, and however well entitled
to admission there would be no remedy. The
Senate by the Constitution is made the judge of
the election and qualification of its own members,
and why ? Because, being a body representative
of sovereignties, composed of those having the
confidence of sovereignties, and not of officers of
the Federal Government, no court holding ap-
poimmeritunder Federal authority shall determine
the right of such representative to act for his State
in a body independent of its authoiity and nut
representing its authority or any other than that
of the Government conferring the trust. So es-
sentially do these rights of relief pertain to a civil
office -under apolitical or municipal government
that I cannot imagine one of such character where
they would not or ought not to be afforded by the
judicial tribunals of Government. If these leme-
dial rights could not be afforded to the President
and Vice President, in case of their denial of office
or eviction therefi om, upon which it is unnecessary
to express an opinion, the reason and sole leason
therefor would be that not being civil officers
within the meaning of the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, but political officers—not ofiiceis under
the Government of the United States, but con-
stituent portions of the Government—codidinate
brunches of the Government could not pass upon
their rights. Such is the distinction between an
office under the Government of the United States
and the trust of membership in the Senate con-
ferred by a Sate.
Mr. Justice Story, in commenting on the fourth
section of the second aiticle of the Constitution,
says:
f< Fiom thh clause itappeaisthattheremedybyhnpeach-
inent n sti ictiv confined to civil oflieersof the United States,
including the Pi evident and Vice President."
He also remarks, section seven hundred and
ninety-two, that
"All officer of the United States who hold their ap-
pointments tinder the national Coven-men!, whethm their
duties are executive oi judicial in the highest or lowest
depaitmerits of the Government, with the exception ot offi-
cers in tiie Army, are pmpeilv civil officer within the
meaning of the Constitution,""
And he assigns, as a probable reason for the
decision in Blount's case, that civil officers of the
United States meant such as derived their ap-
pointment from and under the national Govern-
ment, and not those persons who, though members
of theGovernment,derived theirappointmentirom
the States or the people of the States. Civil offi-
cers of the United States are the agents or repie-
sentatives quoad their office?; of the United States;
but a Senator is the representative of his State,
jind of his State alone. Says Mr Justiee Story,
"Though they represent States thuy vote as indi-
viduals." It is upon this principle that the Consti-
tution requires that a Senator when elected shall be
an inhabitant of the State for which he is chosen.
The idea that a Senator in Congress elected by the
Legislature of his State, and as the repiesentative
of his State, is an officcr of the United States or
in any " department of the public service," arises
from a total misconception of the true nature and
character of our system of government. It results
from the supposition that that system is in no sense
Federal, but wholly national, centralized,consol-
idated, and excludes the idea of a government
uniting both the qualities of national and Federal.
Can it be possible that every one holding or ex-
ercising a public trust in our complex system of
government is an officer of the United States?
That the theory from which such a principle is
deduced is wholly fallacious will be apparent when
the real character of the Government isconsidered
in relation to the foundation on which it is estab-
lished. In the thirty-eighth number of the Fed-
eralist, Mr. Madison remarks:
''It appears, on one hand, that the Constitution is to be
founded on the assent and unification of the people of Amer-
ica, given by deputies elcctcd for the special purpose ; but,
on the other, that the assent and latification is to he given
by the people, not as individuals composing one entire na-
tion, but as composing the distinct ami independent States
to which they respectively belong. It is to be the assent
and ratification ot the several States derived from the su-
preme authority of the people themselves. The act, tlieie-
lore, crtablichmg the Constitution will not be a national
but a Federal act. That it will be a Federal and not a na-
tional act, as those terin< are understood by the objectors,
the act of the people as foimntgso many independent Prates,
not as foiming one aggregate nation, Is obvious from this
single consideration, that it is to result neither fmm the de-
cision of the majority of the people of the Union nor fiom
that of a majority of the States. It must result from the
unanimous as-sent of the severed States that aic pai tics to i£,
differing no otherwise fiom then ordinaly assent than in its
being expressed, nut by the legislative authority, but by that
of the people themselves Were the people regarded in this
tiansaction as fotmhig one nation, the will of the majority
ot the whole people of the United States would bind the
minoilty in the same manner a^ the majority in each State
miNt bind the minority, and the will ot the majority must
bedeteimined etthei byaeompain-on oflhe individual votes
oi by eoiiMdennjJ the will of the majority of the Slates as
evidence of the will of the mojoniy of the people of the
United States. Neither ot these rule* has been adopted.
Each State in lanfjmg the Constitution is considered a* a
sovereign body, independent of all others, and only to be
hound by in own volnntiuy art. In thi« relation, then, the
new Constitution will, if established, be a Federal and not
a national Constitution."
Again, he remniks:
" The Senate mil da ive its power from the States as -po
Uticat and coequal societies, and the*e will be lepiesented
on the pi incipleof equality m the Senate. Solar the Gov-
ernment is Fednal, not national."
The admission that in some respects the Gov-
ernment is also national and in others partly na-
tional and partly Federal, does not affect the prop-
osition usseited by Mr. Madison and known to
every one as true who hits any coi rectidea of the
foundation of the Federal Constitution, that the
seveial States are parties to that Constitution"
or compact of Government. And yet, sir, we arc
gravely told that the representatives of the States
In their sovereign capacity, parties to that con-
stitutional form of Government, representatives
deriving their authority alone from the States they
I represent, sustain the same relation to the United
! States that the most obscure tide-waiter who
holds position under the subordinates of subordi-
nates in the Federal Administration. The rep-
resentatives of the sovereignties who are parties
to the Federal compact, deriving their authority
from those sovereignties alone, and not from the
United States, whom the United Statescan neither
make nor unmake, we are told are nothing but
" poisons elected oi appointed to offices under the
| Government of the United States m the civil de-
i! partment. of the public service." The order pro-
Si posed to be adopted with a view of eairying into
; practical effect the act of July, 1862, provides for
il the administration of the proposed oath alike to
I, Senatory, your Secretary, whom yesterday you
jj madeand to-day can unmake,and thatSecretary's
j; subordinates, and that on the assumption that they
|| all sustain the same relation to the United States,
'! that of employes for pay, commonly denominated
:j officers. If such blithe case, whatignorant, what
'! unskillful ai tificers of Government were the fram-
l! era of the Constitution, the founders of our Fed-
I era I Government! How unnecessary,how fiuit-
i less the strife which had well-nigh dissolved the
j Convention of 1787, and which well-nigh pre-
| vented the formation of the Union, in reference
to the equality of the large and small States as to
representation in this body and the mode of ascer-
taining and appointing that representation. If
there was one purpose which more than any other
was unalterably fixed in the minds of the mem-
bers of that Convention, and which they were
resolved under no circumstances to relinquish, it
was the preservation of the individuality and in-
dependence of the several States and the incorpo-
ration of those ideas into the organic law uniting
the States in a common union ofGovernment,and
the very means adopted for the accomplishment
of that purpose were the provisions guarantying
the equality of senatorial representation and the
election of that representation by the Legislatures
of the States, representative of the sovereignty of
the States. To my mind, in view of the history .
of the formation of the Constitution, the known
opinions of its founders, and its own plain and
express provisions, the theory of the advocates
i of the proposed order ami the obligatory charac-
i ter of the act of July 2,1862, in its attempted ap-
plication to Senators, is wholly inexplicable.
Mr. President, it is time that this Congress had
i not only paused in but wholly ceased from its
warfare upon the rights of the States and the rep-
resentatives of the States. The madman may fire
the temple which it was the labor of ages to build,
and the unreflecting or careless or mischievous
legislator or Executive may destroy, forever de-
stroy, the grandest, noblest, best system of Gov-
ernment which the wisest of statesmen, gathering
materials from the wisdom of centuries, have been
able to construct. The doctrine advocated by the
friends of the proposed measure, if it shall be-
come the settled doctrine of those who .are now
and may hereafter be charged with the adminis-
tration of the Government, and shall be by them
practically applied in the administration of the
Government, will, without other causes, work the
utter, absolute destruction of our Federal repre-
sentative system. The immediate fruit of the
measure may be apparently harmless; but from
the seed it shall yield will spring up the baneful
upas which will exhale the odor of political death.
Never, in my deliberate judgment, has a measure
apparently so harmless yet really more danger-
ous in principle been attempted in the legislation
of Congress. Are we mad? If not, let us evince
our sanity by refraining from doing the work of
executing the designs of madmen. Such, Mr.
President, are some of the reasons which con-
vince me that the act of July, 1862, when legally
interpreted, cannot be held to apply to Senators,
and consequently why the order proposed should
not be made by the Senate.
If, however, Senators are meant to be included
in the designation of persons in reference to whom
it is sought to make the act obligatory, then I hold
as unquestionably true that the act itself is un-
constitutional and void. And here I will remark
that a strange delusion seems to influence the
judgment of some Senators, if we are to judge
from their utterances on this floor, that the Senate
and House having passed the act of July, 1862,
they are bound to execute it while it remains un-
repealed, notwithstanding the act itself may be,
and if in their judgment it should be, unconsti-
tutional. If Congiess has not the constitutional
authority to require the oath to be administered,
then to requite it to be administered would be to
do an unconstitutional act, which Congress is
sworn not to do. The result of the reasoning of
those to whom I have referred, therefore, is that
Congress having done an unconstitutional act is
bound to be consistent by doing another of the
same character. The duty of Congress, sir, is to
disregard the act and to repeal it if it be uncon-
stitutional, not to observe and enforce it. There
may be consistency in uniformity of wrong-doing,
but there is honor and duty in atoning for the
wrong already committed and in avoiding its com-
i mission in the future. If the act of July, 1862,
| does ex vi termini or by intendment embrace Sen-
I atois,thcn it is unconstitutional and void, because
| it seeks to add by legislation to the constitutional
| qualifications of a Senator. This cannot be done.
| The authority of the Constitution is paramount,
i It is the supreme law of the land. What it re-
quires must be complied with. Whatitexcludes
cannot be admitted. The qualifications of a Sen-
ator are expressed in the Constitution. Its lan-
guage is:
£k No person shall be a Senator who shall not have at-
