•THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 31,
The framers of the Constitution said that you j
might amend it in this way and it should be valid
to all intents and purposes except in three partic-
ulars: one was in regard to the slave trade; an-
other was in regard to the capitation tax; and the
third was m regard to the equal representation of
the States in-this branch of Congress. Why, sir,
article five of this Constitution shows conclusively
. that the framers of the Constitution had tb$ sub-
ject of slavery directly under their thought and
control when they said, you shall not amend it
in regard to the slave trade for twenty years,but
was silent as to everything else in regard to it, and
you way amend it. There is no provision here
that you shall not abolish domestic servitude.
There was and is a provision that you should not
touch the slave trade within twenty years, but
you might abolish slavery. The implication is
clear and forcible that you may do it whenever
two thirds of both Houses of Congress see fit to
propose the amendment and thtee fourths of the
States to accept it.
But, Mr. President, I do not propose to pursue
this constitutional argument, i propose to show
tnat the great evils of slavery as it now exists in
these United States have arisen from this very
Constitution. Yes, sir, slavery in the United
States owes its giant growth to the Constitution;
not that it was created byit, foritexisted befoio,
but that it was planted in it, fenced round and pro-
tected by it, so that no national power could weed
it out short of an amendment to the Constitution.
Sir, this fearful destruction of life, this devasta-
tion of homes, this marching and struggling of
slaughtering armies, these graves by Manassas
and Malvern Hill, by the Rappahannock and Rup-
idan, by theChickahominy and the Chickamuuga*
by Cedar and Lookout and South Mountains, at
Shilohand Murfrccsboro', at Vicksburg and Port
Hudson, at Wagner and James's Island, at An-
tietam and Gettysburg; these hospitals with their
rows of sickened and maimed inmates; these dead-
houses out of which is carted away the dead sol-
dier, often unattended, to lestin the soil hi; gave
his life to defend; these " widows' weeds," these
** orphans' tears," are but the terrible harvest
from the immunities, the protection,and the cul-
ture secuied by the Constitution to the accursed
institution. And there is another harvest, too,
where by the shores, and in the bays, the rivers,
and tiio roadsteads, 111 the caverns of the " deep
blue sea," lies many a sailor boy cut down by
this terrible reaper.
Mr. President, lam not now about to call to ac-
count or blame the founders of this Government.
They were wise and patriotic men. They were
statesmen of broad and patriotic views. They had
great difficulties to contend with, and in the main
they managed them with admirable skill and judg-
ment. They did tlie best they could, ay well, pei-
haps, as any men eould then have done. The form
of government which they conceived and present-
ed to the American people, withits admirable di-
vision of State and national poweis; with itsgrant-
ed and reserved rights; its checks and its balances;
its restraints and ample resomecs; its generally
clearly murked division of legislative, judicial, and
executive functions; its protection of the Iibei ties
of the people, with its guards againstthe abuse of
powei, has excited the admiration of the world.
Commentators have examined and -illustrated it;
nations have copied it;generations have blessed it.
It was one of the crowning glories of Washing-
ton's life that he presided over the Convention
which devised and reported it to the people for
their adoption.
The general peace and prosperity of the conn-
try under its administration; the wonderful de-
velopment of its resources, never half apprecia-
ted until now; the expansion of its territory; the
increase of its population; its advancement in
intellectual and moral culture, as well as politi-
cal power, all attest the value of the work they
achieved.
Still it was not perfect. It could not be so. It
was of human wisdom, looking sharply to the
future, but sometimes failing to4t pierce the vail,"
and unable to provide for all the emergencies
which misdirected,combined, and hellish passion
or ambition should create. Nay, il rather bore
within itself the seeds of weakness and disease,
and seemed food and incitement to those very
passions which it had most to dread.
Mr, President, the honorable Senator from
Maryland who sits nearest me, [Mr. Johnson,]
with great force and justice the other day declared
that "our present difficulties were the awful retri-
butions of Providence upon a stupendous crime."
They are so; butjequally true is it that they are
but the normal growth and harvest of our own
planting. Had there been no recognition of slavery
in the Constitution; had its idea and substance not
been admitted or allowed there; had it received no
countenance or protection from the national Go v-
ernment; had the Constitution provided for its
gradual extinction in the old States and its utter
exclusion from the new, slavery would not now
have sought the overthrow of that Constitution
which has ever been its best and strongest pro-
tector.
When Washington laid aside the robesof office,
he besought his countrymen to chcrish the Union
they had formed. Alas! that the section of the
country in which he lived, his own Virginia,
should have been the first battle-field with those
in arms to overthrow it; and that his own home
cannot now be safely visited by Union-lovingmen
without throwing out a picket guard to protect
their liberties and their lives.
Alas! that in Richmond, the capital of his own
State, men should be imprisoned and starved till
their eye-balls glare upon vacancy, because they
will fight for the supremacy of that Constitution
which he so counseled them to cherish and de-
fend; and this, because in the very instrument
which formed that Union there was wrapped up
a very Pandora's box of evil.
Mr. President, certain things in the material
world cannot exist together in the same place and
at the same time. Fne cannot dwell with water.
Thrown together they hiss and sputter until one
is extinguished or the other evapoiates in steam.
So of acids and alkaline salts. They foam and
effervesce until one is destroyed or both are neu-
tralized. In the moral and political world there
is the same law of antagonisms: vice repels virtue
and virtue abhois vice; innocence ptecludesguilt
and guilt shuls out the vety idea of innocence;
government represses anarchy and anarchy ovcr-
thiows government; tyranny destroys liberty
while libcity prostrates tyranny; freedom strikes
at slavery and (slavery seizes her chains and en-
deavois to bind them upon freedom. Neither will
nor can rest in the piesence of the other. Doth
will struggle for the mastery until one or the other
must succumb; aTid in the contest they are " like
the troubled sea, whose waters cast up mire and
dirt."
The framers of the Constitution forgot, or over-
looked, or disregauled this hnv in human aftairs.
They attempted to form a more perfect Union,
and yet in that very bond of Union they admitted
antagonistic forces which have well nigh rent
that Union asunder. They established justice upon
a foundation apparently stable, but with a mate-
rial in it so unfitted for the structure that it has
well nigh toppled the whole to destruction. They
thought to insure domestic tianquilhty by plant-
ing together seeds of discord, winch have ripened
to an awful harvest of civil vvai and blood. Seeking
libeity to themselves and posterity, but denying
it to an inferior and subject race, they have nearly
lost it to both.
" Can a man take fire in his bosom and not be
burned?" No more can man admit the idea of
human bondage into the charter of a free Gov-
ernment and not find it in the end a blackened
scroll ctumbling to ashes in his grasp.
Sir, Mr. Madison, with scrupulous care, ex-
; eluded the word "slave" from the Constitution,
but by a fatal mistake allowed the thing itself to
remain, lie chased away the shadow but left
the substance, with the same fatuity that would in-
duce a parent to call an asp or a scorpion a pretty
bird, and leave it to sting his offspring to death.
True it may bo and is that he and his compeers
thought slavery would gradually die out, but they
little knew the terrific vitality of the fiend which
should so grow and strengthen that in seventy-
five short years of the nation's life it should wind
itself in and about it with the giasp of an ana-
conda, and with impious breath claim it was of
divine sanction and origin.
Here is the lasuo clearly made up ami plainly
staged. Slavery says, " I am of God and eternal
and absolute right;" Liberty cries,"You are of
your father the devil, and his works you do."
Now, can these two warring forces exist together,
and did not the framers of the Constitution when
they admitted into the charter of free# govern-
ment the idea of human bondage put into it an
element of unrest, strife, and death?
Let us consider. Slavery procures its recog-
nition and admission into the Constitution. It
has achieved a great and almost fatal work. It
has nestled into the very, bosom of the nation's
life. It has secured the nation's protection. It
has allied with its defense the nation's arm. It
has an anchorage-ground from which no political
gales can drive it; a fortress where no hostile arm
can assault it, and whence it can go forth to se-
cure new triumphs as the nation advances in ter-
ritorial power. True,hernameis notin the Con-
stitution; but, alas! she is there—there in vigor
and strength—and in the very first article of that
instrument she provides for her representation in
Congress, where her voice and her votes have
been of signal potency. She gained at a bound
the legislative hall, and ever since has sat and
hissed and writhed about the nation's limbs.
True, again, her name was not in the instrument,
but her power was there.
For years before she had freighted ships from
Afiica to these shores, laden with human beings,
to endure the tortures of the middle passage, and
if they escaped those to be forever bondmen and
bondwomen. She said these men "have no
rights which the white man is bound to respect;"
and she demanded in that instrument that this
inhuman traffic should not be prohibited to iler
for twenty years and more, and that she might
have time and leisure and opportunity to fill the
land with slaves before any prohibition beyond
a nominal tax could he laid upon the trade. Was
slavery to die out? So said and so I think be-
lieved the fathers; but why, then, this provision
for an unlimited supply of victims for twenty
years, upon which she could feed and fatten and
increase ? True, again, her name was not in the
instrument. But see, slaves will run away. Man,
black or white, does not love bondage; God has
made him free, and if chains arc put upon him,
upon opportunity given he will slip them off and
escape. Who shall return him? Shall he he
free? " In nowise,"says the Constitution; "he
shall not thereby "—that is, by running away
to another State—" be discharged such service
or labci, hut shall be delivered up on claim of
the party to whom such service or labor may be
due." Delivered up? By whom? By the United
States, said those who interpreted the law. Aud
thus by this Constitution slavery assumed mon-
strous functions and powers. She could sit by
the sea-side, and, reaching her hundred arms
across the Atlantic, sweep the wretched coasts of
Afiica and draw to herself the miserable beings
whom she could seize and fetter. She could then
turn inland, and if any of her panting, sweating,
bleeding victims escaped from her house of bond-
age she could demand the aid of the Government
with all its power to return the fugitive to her
clutch; and then she could ascend into the halls
of legislation to demand new guarantees and to
lash with her" scorpion's tail "all who questioned
herright or spoke of her with other than .the most
obsequious respect.
Such was slavery in and by the Constitution.
Such are now its provisions in regard to her, save
that the tune for her to carry on her cruel foreign
slave trade has expired.
Shall she keep her position? Or shall she be
cast out as a demon, and forever prevented from
again entering the halls of justice, the Houses of
Congress, or the national domain?
To determine more fully and clearly this qaes-
tion I propose to examine for a iittle while the
history of slavery in connection with this Gov-
ernment; not to go into detail or particular acts,
but into great national, historic transactions,
which may serve to show how carefully she has
used the power which #he gained by her recog-
nition m the Constitution.
And here I accuse her of divers and sundry
grievous misdoings for which she richly deserves
to die, and for which now in the lighteous retri-
butions of Providence she must suffer.
Slavery is intrinsically and by nature grasping
! and encroaching. Eler animus necessarily is hos-
tile to freedom and free territory; and hence,
