1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2345
Mr. JOHNSON. What is tlie date of the act
the Senator is about to read ?
Mr. COLLAMER. July 14, 1862. It pro-
vides—•
"That any bridge erected under the privileges of this
act may, at tlio option of th« company oi companies bund-
ing tho same, be built either as a drawbudge, wjrh a pivot
or other form of draw, or with unbroken and continuous
spans ; Provided, That u the said biidge shall he made with
unbroken and continuous spans, it shall not be of less ele-
vation than ninety feet above low-water imuk over the
channel of the said river; nor in any case less than forty
feet above extiemo high water, as understood at the point
of location, measuring for such elevation to the bottom
choid of the bridge; nor shall the span of such bridge, cov-
ering the main channcl of the river, be less than three hun-
dred feet in length, with also one of the next adjoining
spans of not le&s than two hundred and twenty feet in
length, and the piers of said bridge shall be parallel with
the current of the uver as near as practicable: And pro-
vided also, That if any biidge built under tins act shall be
constiucted as a drawbridge, the same shall be eonstiueted
With a span ovci the mam channel of the river, as under-
stood at the time of the erection of the bridge, of not less
than three hundred feet in length, and said span shall not
be less than seventy feet above low-water mark, measur-
ing to the bottom chord of the bridge, and on*' ot the next
adjoining shall not be less than two hundred and twenty
feet in length; and also that there shall be a pivot-draw
constiucted in every such biidge, at an accessible and navi-
gable poujf, with of not Ims than one himdted feet in
length, on each side of the central or pivot pier ofthe draw,55
This, it will be perceived, prescribed that the
draw was not to be less than one hundred feet,
whereas in the bill before us it is provided these
draws shall not be less than three hundred feet.
Mr. JOHNSON. That was one hundred feet
on each side of the pivot. Is this three hundred
feet on each side of the pivot?
Mr. COLLAMER. There is no "pivot"men-
tioncd here. It says they shall he three hundred
feet clear. How they arc going to build them I
do not know; but that is the provision.
Mr. JOHNSON. "Not loss than three hun-
dred feet," this bill says. I doubt whether they
mean that.
Mr. COWAN. The objection which strikes
my mind is as to the height. If boats cannot pass
under this bridge, of course they will be required
to stop, and it is the stopping that is the mischief.
The difficulty is to land boats above and detain
them there until the chaw is ready; and if they
do not happen to make the landing, or if they
cannot land, then they are driven down against
the bridge only ten feet high, and there is a wreck
of the whole concern.
As I said before, I have no special objection to
making any improvement of this kind, but I de-
sire it to be so made that the rights of the people
above the desired location shall be preserved, and
therefore I press my motion to postpone the bill
until to-morrow.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the .Senator from Pennsylvania
to postpone the bill until to-morrow.
Mr. SHERMAN. Before that question is put,
I should like, if in order, to amend the eleventh
line, and I ask the Senator to withdraw his mo-
tion so that I may move an amendment.
Mr. COWAN. Certainly, if the Senator will
renew it figain.
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly. I wish to move
to amend the eleventh line by striking out the
word "may" and inserting "shall." After a
careful reading of the bill I am satisfied that the
first proviso there, as now drafted, will not be
imperative on the company, but will be discre-
tionary. I do not think that was the design of
the bill, but that would be the plain meaning of
the language, in my judgment.
Mr. POWELL. I trust the Senate will not
adopt that amendment, f do not think it will
alter the meaning of the bill, but the effect of it
will be to send the bill back to the House of Rep-
resentatives. The language is now:
" Provided, houever, That said biidge tnavbe constructed 1
at a height not les-* than ten feet above high-water maik, \
and witli throe diaws, sufficient to pa.-* the hug^t boats ,
navigating the Ohio river." I
The Senator proposes to strike out " may "and J
insert " shall." Surely they cannot construct it '
at a less height than ten feet above high-water i
mark if the word" may" be retained. ltisahmit- H
ation. i!
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator from Ken - (i
tucky will read the bill as carefully as Ihavedonc .j
he will find that it changes the meaning. Tho j:
main part of this bill gives the bridge company |j
the same puvileges as arc granted by the law ;i
which has been read by the Senator from Ver-
mont; and if it stopped there, it would authorize
them to build a bridge not exceeding ninety feet
in height above low-water mark, with one span
not exceeding three hundred feet. Then this pro-
viso, which is not imperative upon the company
but discretionary, says:
Provided, however, That said bridge may be constructed
at a height not less than ten feet above high water mark.
The difference between high and low-water
mark at the falls near Louisville is very little.
The rapidity of the current there, of course, makes
the rise and fall of the water very much less than
in the river at other places where the current is
not so rapid. Consequently the bridge may not
be more than forty feet above low-water mark;
and this is a privilege given to the company; it
is not imperative on them, it is simply discretion-
ary with them; they may make the bridge with
three spans instead of one. They are not required
to do so, but allowed to do it.
The next proviso is," Jlndprovided also, That
the spans of said bridge shall not be less than
three hundred feet." That is very different. The
words have been carefully chosen. The first
proviso is that the bridge " may" be constructed
so and so, leaving it discretionary with the com-
pany. The nextprovisoisthatthe spans " shall"
be not less than three hundred feet; and there is
still another proviso, "that the said bridge and
draws shall be so constructed as not to interrupt
the navigation of the Ohio river." The framers
of this bill have carefully worded it so as to allow
the first proviso, which is the main one requiring
three draws, to bo simply discretionary with the
company.
Mr. COLLAMER. The provision for three
draws is not discretionary.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 think it certainty is. The
provision is:
" Pi ovided, however, That said bridge may be constructed
at a height not less than ten teet above high-water maik,
and with three diaw<, Mitlicient to pass the largest boats
mivig.itiug the Ohio nvcr."
The only provision in the bill about the three
draws is connected with the word " may,"and is
entirely discretionary. They may, under the pro-
visions of this bill, construct a bridge with one
draw, provided they do it under the terms ofthe
old act.
Mr. COLLAMER. I do not so understand it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I know that is not the
meaning of the Senator, but I think it is the con-
struction of the bill.
Mr. POWELL. I will state that it is notpro-
posed to construct this biidge over the falls, but
•at a point above the falls, where H is rather dead
water.
Mr. COWAN. Allow me to ask if the bill
does not provide that it shall be directly over the
falls; that one draw shall be over the Indiana
chute, one over the middle chute, and one over
the canal. The chutes are in the falls.
Mr. POWELL. The bridge is to connect the
Jeffersonville lailroad and the Louisville and
Nashville railroad atLomsvilleand Jeffersonville
above the falls; and so far from the river rising
veiy little there, it rises forty feet at least, and
it would be only a very extraordinary height of
water when this bridge built as proposed would
not be twenty or thirty feet above high water.
Mr. SHERMAN. The statement of the Sen-
ator from Kentucky must show the Senator Irom
Vermont that it is necessary to look further into
this bill. This bridge, according to the statement
of the Senator from Kentucky, is not to be con-
structed over the falls; but who would read the
bill without supposing that it was to be directly
over the fails? Why talk about these spans being
over certain chutes, which can only bein the falls?
A chute, as 1 understand it, is wheie water is de-
pressed and passes over the falls.
Mr. COWAN. The channel through the fall.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the bridge is to be con-
structed at Jeffersonville, two or three miles above
the falls, there is no leason in the world why they
should not construct it of the height described in
the old act. The banks arc not very high there.
At any rate, the main point to be kept in view
always is to preserve the navigation of the Ohio
river, winch is much more important than any
mere bridge across the river. The act of laat
year was carefully guaided so as to prescive the
navigation of the Ohio. But if they are to build
this bridge only ten feet above high-water mark,
th^t will only be fifty feet above low-water mark
according to the statement of the Senator from
Kentucky, because he says the rise above the
falls is only forty feet.
Mr. POWELL. I said it was a^east that. It
may be a great deal over.
Mr. SHERMAN. At the falls of course the
rise is much less.- Above and below the falls it
would be considerably more, but at the falls them-
selves, where the current is very rapid, the rise
is no4t near so much. Probably fifteen or twenty
feet will be the extreme rise of the water at the
falls, perhaps not so much.
Mr. POWELL. I will state that these chutes
mentioned here do not indicate that they are at
the falls. They commence several miles above
the falls, and the language of this bill "at the
falls" does not mean that the bridge is to be across
the falls, because the city of Louisville and the
city of Jeffersonville are both above the fails, and
this bridge is to connect these railways at that
point.
Mr. COWAN. There is nothing in the bill
which confines the bridge to Louisville or JefFer-
sonviiie either. The bill proposes " to authorize
the Louisville and Nashville Railroad Company,
and the Jeffersonville and Indianapolis Railroad
Company, (stockholders in the Louisville Bridge
Company,) to construct a railroad bridgeover the
Ohio river at the falls of the Ohio,'' and that
bridge is to be over the chutes in the falls. As
was well remarked by the Senator from Ohio, the
chutes are not above or below the falls. That
which is technically denominated the "chute"is
the available channel over the falls.
There is another reason why I think this bill
should be postponed. It provides—
That said bridge may be constructed at a height not less
than ten feet above high-water math, and with three draws,
sufijcieni to pantile largest bo.it«c navigating the Ohio river.
It is assumed that those draws are to be three
hundred feet in width, and the honorable Senator
from Vermont has stated that he docs not know
how the draws are to be made three hundred feet
wide; and I will remark nobody else knows. It
is an utter impossibility, I should think, to make
draws of any width of that kmd; but that is not
the intention. The distinction is to be taken here
between draws and spans. There is a provision
afterwards " that the spans of said bridge shall
not be less than three hundred feet;" but the draws
may be of any width, as I take it, which would
allow the largest boats navigating the Ohio river
to pass through them. At any rate, I should be
exceedingly sorry to leave that point doubtful;
because every advantage is usually taken in the
framing of these bills in order that the end desired
by the parties in interest may be attained. I think
that the bill should be carefully examined and so
framed that theie should be no doubt about its
proper construction. If it is meant that 8pans
and draws are identical, then there is no objection
as to the width.
Mr. COLLAMER. There cannot be such a
thing as a draw that is not as wide as the span.
Mr. POWELL. I used that word inadvert-
ently, and said"span" instead of "draw," I
did not intend to convey that idea.
Mr. COLLAMER. I understand that distinct-
ly. There cannot be such a thing as a draw that
is not as wide as the span. It cannot be made.
Mr. SHERMAN. It depends entirely upon
the character of the draw. If the draw is a cir-
cular or " pivot draw, "as itiscallcd, which turns
on an abutment, then, as a matter of course, the
draw and span are the same; but if they build
these draws like the draw of the long bridge at
Washington city—a familiar case—thespan may
be wider than the draw.
Mr. COLLAMER. It is the same thing ex-
actly; because the span, if you run it over and do
not support it, falls down. The draw constitutes
a part of the span itself.
Mr. COWAN. I do not sec how it would be
possible to construct a draw three hundred feet
wide, because if it is a pivot draw, then each arm
of the draw would be one hundred and fifty feet
in length.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think that could be done.
Mr. COWAN. I do not know how the weight
of a heavy raihoad tram would be supported at
