2346
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 19,
the end of a lever one hundred and fifty feet long
without anything to support it except the resist-
ance which it would meet by pressing againsUhe
other end of the draw. But, as I understand the
honorable Senator from Kentucky, it is not in-
tended that "spans" and "draws" shall mean
identically same thing.
Mr.POWELL. If the Senator will allow me,
he is mistaken in that. I did not intend to ex-
press any opinion about it, for I do not know how
wide these draws can be made. When I spoke
of three hundred feet I intended to confine it to
the span. I am wholly unacquainted how wide
these draws can be made. I intended to apply
the expression " three hundred feet" to the spans
when I spoke first. I suppose draws can be made
as wide as the spans. It is a matter about which
I am not conversant and have no opinion.
Mr. COWAN. I hope that the bill will be
postponed, so that we may have an opportunity
of examining it more particularly.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) The question is on the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Ohio to strike out
the word " may" and insert the word " shall" in
the eleventh line of the bill.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I suggest to the Senator
from Ohio that the language of the bill secures
what he desires, and I think is stronger than that
which he proposes. It is now a proviso, a con-
dition, a limitation; but when you use the word
"shall" it will simply be a command. Unless
the bridge can be built at that height it cannot
be built at all, according to the language of the
bill now. It is thesame as if it read, " provided,
said bridge can be constructed." That is the
present meaning of the language, and I think the
Senator will so agree when he considers that this
language is used in a proviso which is intended
to be a limitation upon the former provisions of
the bill.
Mr, SHERMAN. If the Senator will allow
me, I will say, a proviso may not only restrain
the meaning of what precedes it, but it may ex-
tend it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That is true.
Mr. SHERMAN. It may grunt a privilege
as well as be a restriction. Therefore this pro-
viso simply grants the privilege to make three
draws instead of one draw, not given m the ori-
ginal act. That is shown by the fact that in the
next proviso, which is intended to be imperative,
the word " shall" is carefully used just as I pro-
pose to use it in the first proviso.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move to amend the bill
by adding the following proviso:
•find provided also, That the hridsjo <*hall be «o con-
structed as to accommodate ordinary navel and transporta-
tion upon loot, and in carriages and wagon*, at leasonable
toll*.
I do not wish to embarrass this measure. It is
a very important one to our State, as well as to
the State of Kentucky and the commerce of the
country generally; but I am aware of the fact that
the southern partof Indiana, and I supposea por-
tion of the State of Kentucky, would desire to
have a provision like this m the bill. Very many
of these railroad bridges are so constructed as to
accommodate the ordinary travel and businessof
the country ;and I presume this amendment would
not cmbanass this enterprise. 1 have been ad-
dressed in regard to this matter by some of my
constituents, and I feel it to be my duty to call
the attention of the Senate, by this amendment,
to the subject. If it. is certainly intended to build
a bridge so as to accommodate the ordinary travel
and business of the country, I do not care about
the amendment; but I think that ought to be se-
cured.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not wish to interfere
with this bill, but as I have had something to do
with building bridges I will merely state that no-
body has ever yet built a bridge with a span of
three hundred feet in it in the clear. If it is to
be a drawbridge, you have got to make it six
hundred feet to put it on a pivot in order to get a
clear of three hundred feet. The thing never was
done and never can be done; and if the bill passes
with that provision in it it will not be worth a cent.
Mr. COLLAMER. This bill came over to us
from the House of Representatives and was re-
ferred to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads. I read the bill and understood it accord-
ing to its common acceptation, that it required the
draws to be three hundred feet long. _ I sent for
the gentleman who had charge of the bill, the Rep-
resentative from that district, Mr. MALLORY,and
pointed it out to him, suggesting that it was in-
conceivable to me how they could make a draw
three hundred feet long; that I thought his bill if
passed in that shape would be impracticable. He
said that he was unacquainted with engineering
and did not know anything about it, but he was
going home and he would see Mr. Guthrie, who
is the main man in this enterprise, and would tel-
egraph me from Louisville in relation to it. I
waited butdid notgetany telegram. He has since
returned and has informed me that Mr. Guthrie
said they could doit. " Very well,"said I, " then
I will report the bill as it is." I supposed the
draws were to be three hundred feet clear. If it
does not effect that purpose in that way, I did not
understand the bill,
Mr. COWAN. I propose an amendment which
will settle that point. In the fifteenth line, after
the word "spans," I move to insert the words
" and draws," so that it will read:
And 'provided also, That the spans and draws of said
bridge bhall not be leas than three hundred feet.
Mr. HENDRICKS. 1 hope that amendment
will not be adopted. I do not want to see this
measure destroyed^ and I do not suppose the
Senate is going to undertake to decide upon the
architecture of a bridge. I am not competent
to decide anything of that sort; I do not know
whether other Senators are or not. A general
provision that the navigation of the Ohio river
shall not be interfered with is certainly suffi-
cient to accommodate the interests that the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania represents. I think a
draw of that length is impossible; but it is a
question in architecture that I do not understand.
If the Senator from Pennsylvania will say, as an
architect, that itis practicable, there will be some
force in his proposition; but I believe the Senator
himself has said that it is impracticable; so that
the adoption of this amendment will be equiva-
lent to a defeat of the measure.
Mr. COLLAMER. Evidently upon the read-
ing of the bill we are to understand that it is to
be three hundred feet clear between the abut-
ments; that there is to be a space three hundred
feet wide with nothing to impede the passage of
a boat. If it does not mean that it was misun-
derstood.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not think it means that.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish to say another
thing. I should be unwilling to approve .of a bill
providing for a bridge across the Ohio river that
did not have some clear, definite description of
what the draws were to be in width. If this bill
does not fix it at three hundred feet, I misunder-
stood it. 1 would not support a bill which I sup-
posed left the width of the draws uncertain.
Mr. GRIMES. My excuse for saying any-
thing in regard to this bill is the fact that a large
portion of the commerce of the State which I in
part represent passes down the Ohio river. We
are in the habit in our section of buying iron,
nails, and such heavy articles, in the spring, at
Pittsburgand Wheeling,and bringing them down
the Ohio over these falls when the river is in such
a condition that it can be passed without under-
going the necessity of passing through the canal.
I desire to know from the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads, who re-
poi ted this bill, whether that committee have been
able to satisfy themselves that by allowing a
bridge to be constructed over the fails, even if the
span is to be three hundred feet wide, they will
not very materially obstruct the navigation of that
river at the high stage of water m the Ohi«?
i can tell the Senate that we have had on the
Mississippi river somewhat of a demonstration
as to the effect of a bridge in a stream where the
water is the swiftest, and that is at the Rock
Island bridge. A bridge has been constructed
across tiie Mississippi river at the bottom of the
Rock Island rapida. The draw, I think, is two
hundred and seventy feet. Putting in the piers
on each side of the draw of course necessarily ob-
structs the channel of the water, and accelerates
the speed with which it passes through the draw.
The man, therefore, who stands at the helm of a
steamboat or who has charge of a raft cannot
calculate the velocity of the water; he cannotcal-
culate the eddy that is created by these two cur-
rents coming together through the draw, and the
result is that we have disasters there very fre-
quently. The river men on the Mississippi are
in a constant turmoil in relation to that bridge,
and complaints come up to us, and suits are in-
stituted in the courts every few weeks for dam-
ages that they allege they sustain in consequence
of those disasters to their commerce and to their
vessels.
I desire to be satisfied, before I vote for this
bill, from the investigations the committee have
made, that allowing these companies to make
these draws at three hundred feet apart will not
so accelerate the speed of the water between the
piers as to materially affect the commerce of the
river.' I wantto throw no obstruction in the way
of railroads passing over. I think they might be
constructed so as to facilitate the general com-
merce of the country; but of all the places in the
world where the construction of a bridge would
be of the most risk to the commerce of the nation
it would be where the water is the swiftest,either
above the falls or below the falls; but I understand
that this is to be over the chutes through the falls,
and according to the construction that the Senator
from Pennsylvania puts upon it, he says that the
bill provides for it. If that is so, I want to un-
derstand it.
Mr. POWELL. Upon the reading of this bill
I do not know whetlieritis the intention to make
these draws three hundred feet or not. The spans
are to be not less than three hundred feet. The
bill is very specific. It provides that the draws
shall be sufficient to pass the largest boats navi-
gating the Ohio river. I do not know, I am not
bridge-builder enough to know, whether you can
make a draw three hundred feet. I do not know
how wide they can be made. But this bill seems
to me to provide sufficiently against the obstruc-
tion of the navigation of the Ohio river. Certainly
it is clear that the draws are to be wide enough
to pass the largest boats that navigate the river.
Then there is another provision in the bill that the
bridge shall not obstruct the navigation of the
river. I cannot tell which of the Senators is right
about the building of a drawbridge. I hope,
however, that the amendment of the Senator from
Pennsylvania will not prevail; for if it should be
impossible to make a draw three hundred feet, that
provision will defeat the object of the bill. I
really see no necessity for making these draws
three hundied feet. The spans have to be three
hundred feet. In my judgment, thatdisposes of
the objection about obstructing the water and pre-
venting navigation, as indicated by the Senator
from Iowa. If the draws are sufficiently wide to
pass the largest vessels navigating the river, that
is all that is wanted, in my judgment.
Mr. COWAN. When tiie question was before
the Senate on the passage of the original act al-
lowing bridges across the Ohio river, there was
a large amount of testimony taken before the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads, and it
was established there to the satisfaction of that
committee that the business of the Ohio river re-
quired that the space spanned by the bridge be-
tween its piers should be left three hundred feet
wide.
Mr. HOWARD. I rise to a question of order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The hour of
one o'clock having arrived, it becomes the duty
of the Chair to call up the special order of the
day, being the unfinished business of yesterday.
Mr. HOWARD. I was about to make that
suggestion.
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
The PRESIDENTpralempnre. Before calling
up the unfinished business the Chair desires to state
a matter of practice and inadvertence into which
the Chair fell, for the purpose of correcting the
action of the Chair. The Chair on Monday last
appointed a committee of conference on the con-
sular bill, and passed it to the Clerk upon a slip
of paper, not having it announced in the Senate.
Afterwards the Chair changed one member of the
committee; but the committee had been announced
to the House of Representatives. The Chair is
satisfied that he ought not. to have changed that
member of the committee after it had been an-
