1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
the adoption of the proposed Constitution, and j|
with the view of relieving the apprehensions of i|
those opposed to the establishment of a Govern- ;l
ment with powers that might he exercised for the i|
oppression of the people, remarks:
" It may safely be received as an nxiom in our political
system that the Stategovernments will, in all po.-siblc con-
tingencies,afford complete security again-t invasion- ofthe j
public liberty by the national authoi sty. Pro^cta ot usufp- !
ation cannot be masked under pretenses so likely to e^eape
the penetration of select bodies of men asoftho people at
large. The Legislatures will have b-nter means ol miorma-
tion. They can discover the danger at a di-tance ; and pos-
sessing all the organs of civil powos, and the confidence of
the peopiCj they can at once adopt a regular plan ot opposi-
tion m which they can combine all the resouices ofthe com-
munity. They can readily communicate with each oilier
In the different Slates, and unite their common forces for
the protection of thcit common liberty."
Sir, the brief experience of seventy-five years
has been .sufficient to show that this supposed
" axiom" has practically no place 44 in our polit-
ical system." Within that period the State which
was first to adopt that Constitution lias by the
"invasion of the public liberty by the national
(usurped) authonty" been practically blotted
from existence, reduced to a military province,
and her people prevented by " Federal authority "
from selecting the agents of their will both under
the State and Federal Governments; and the at-
tempt is now being made here to prevent her from
having an equal representation in this body unless
one of her Senators shall submit to a test, a qual-
ification not prescribed in the Constitution, and
to which test she did not agree when she entered
into the Federal Union. Sir, it is time" that the
once proud freemen of this country should arouse
themselves to a pioper consideration of the dan-
gerous results to which such acts of oppression
and gross usurpation may lead. The fate of Del-
aware to-day may and will be the fate of every
State hereafter unless wiser counsels and a differ-
ent policy shall in future prevail. Shall the Con-
stitution be preserved and thereby the liberty of
the people be maintained, or shall that Constitution
be subverted and that liberty be subject to thc-
arbitrary will of those who assume to exercise
Federal authority? Such is the issue arising from
the developments of the present tinjes. Us decis-
ion is with the people themselves. If they are
worthy of their fathers they will preserve then-
heritage.
Mr. SUMNER. There is a time for all things;
but there are times when ceitain things are out of
place, and this principle is especially applicable to
the present debate. The question is on the adop-
tion of a rule of the Senate tocairy out an exist-
ing statute. Itisnotonthepassdgeof the statute j
or on its proposed repeal, but it is pimply on its |
recognition os an existing statute, and the enforce- :
ment of its plain requirement. Considering the
simplicity of the question we may well be aston-
ished at much that has been intruded into this
debate.
The Senate is a branch of the legislative power,
in conjunction with the House of Representatives
and the President. Neither of these branches
alone can make a law or unmake a law. The
concurrence of all three is essential to a valid act
of legislation. And as it lakes all three to make
a law, so it takes all throe to unmake a law. So
lon^ as the law exists, there is no difference be-
twiMMi the obligations of the Senate and the obli-
gations of the humblest citizen—except, perhaps,
that the Senate, which helped to make the law, is
bound to set an example of obedience beyond any
citizen. . 4
Therefore I put aside as entirely 11 relevant
much that we have heatd against the proposed
rule. This is nut the time to say that the oath
is unconstitutional, or that it is cx post facto.
These are considerations properly arising on the
passage of the statute, or on a proposition for its
rape.il. The Senator from Delaware [Mr. Bay-
ard] and the Senator from Maryland, [Mr. John-
son,] who have argued these topics so exhaust-
ively, were either too late or too early. The
statute is already the law of the land, and there
is no new bill introduced for its repeal.
On a foimer occasion I have indicated the con-
stitutionality of the statute, and I now willingly
leave that topie to the judgment of Senate is, en-
lightened by the wisdom of the Senator from Ver-
mont , [Mr."Collamer,] whose argument has not
been answered. But 1 repeat that this objection
is utterly out of placo at this moment.
A Senator over the way [Mr. Hendricks] has
gone so far as to introduce my course on a former
occasion as ail apology for not taking the oath.
Because I denounced an infamous statute, which
was a scandal to civilization, as unconstitutional
and utterly unworthy of the support of virtuous
citizens, it has been argued that the slave-drivers
then in power were more lenient to me than we
are now to them. In other words, the slave-driv-
ers required of me no oath to support a statute
which i abhorred, and therefore we ate wrong in
requiring the proposed oath. But this argument
confounds the two cases, which areas wide apart
as the poles. While denouncing an outrageous
statute, and refusing to play the part of a slave-
hunter, I never joined in rebellion against my
country, or uttered one word except in loyalty.
But here are persons with bloody hands in battle
array, striking at all that we hold dear, or there
are others who have acted with them. Such per-
sons will be justly brought to the test of an oath;
and they can elaim no immunity from the exam-
ple of those patriot citizens who, recognizing the
ciime of slavery, refused to become in any way
its tools.
And another Senator [Mr. Johnson] has taken
this occasion to arraign me for certain opinions on
another question, and he complained that I place
them under the protection of a judgment of the
Supreme Court. This is not the time for the dis-
cussion of the question of " reconstruction." Jt
has nothing to do with the matter now before the
Senate. I may think that the Government of the
United States has belligerent rights, as well as the
right of sovereignty, over the rebel States; that it
is especially the duty of Congiess to take care
! that these riirhts aie so exercised as to crush the
| rebellion, and to prevent its breaking out again;
! and that, to this end, Congress must take all pos-
sible bonds for the future. These opinions, which
the Senator chose to characterize harshly, may
be wrong, but they have nothing to do with the
matter in hand. At a proper time I shall be ready
to defend them. At present 1 choose not to bo
diverted from the issue before us.
Putting aside the iirelevant matter which has
been introduced, and presenting the single point
in issue, the question becomes too plain for argu-
ment. Jt is simply this: will the Senate obey an
existing statute? And this question opens another:
what is the meaning of the statute ?
That the Senate will openly refuse obedience to
an existing statute, recently enacted in support of
loyalty, i  notto be suppostd without an impeach-
ment of the loyalty of th>; Senate. It is only be-
cause the question of obedience has been compli-
cated with otherquestions, that there has been for
a moment any doubt on this head. Clearly, the
Senate will not disobey an existing statute, it is,
then, on the statute alone, and nothing else, that
any question can arise.
And heie I ask leave to recall the Senate frorn
the learned commentary and elaboi ate diversion of
the Senator fiom Delaware. The actual question
is one which may be treated withoutlearnmgand
without effort. U arises on the following words
of the statute:
" Hereafter evety person clcdcdai appointed to any office
of honoi or profit uiuUt the Government ol the United
State-, either in the civil, military, or naval departments of
the public srrrirc, excepting the President ol the United
Stale*, fhail, before entering upon llie duties of suck office,
and beioie being entitled to am ol the >al.uy or other rmoi-
umLi)t> theieol. take and •sub-.eiibo the following oath or
| athunation; [hem follows the oath;] which said oath, so
I taker end Mgm-d, ^mll be pro-eivcd aiming the files ot the
i Coint. House of Congress, oi Derailment to winch the said
i otlicc may appeitam."—12 Statutes at LurgCy p. jil'J.
] It will be observed here t hatthc Utiiiruage is plain
1 lather than technical. Everv person " elected"
j or "appointed" to any "office" in the " civil,
i military, or naval d<'paitment of the public ser-
j vice," must take the oath. What words could
; be broader than " departments" and " public ser-
! vice?"
| Obviously, and beyond all question, a Senator
I is "elected*." Therefore on tins point there is
| no question.
: The inquiry recurs, is a Senator an "officer '
in the " civil clepartnicnt of the public service?"
Is he an " officer?"
Is he in the "«.ml depaitment?"
It seems absurd to raise these questions, but I
have not raised them. This has been done by
others. You might as well raise the questions,
if a man is a creature, and belongs to the human
family. • v
But let us look at these questions in their order.
1. Is a Senator an " officer?" Here  please fcp
look at the dictionary. I turn to Webster:
Office.—"Officesare civil, judicial,ministerial,
executive, legislative, political, municipal, dtplo-^
matic, military, ecclesiastical," &c.— Web$t&\
Thus, plainly offices are legislative. But wjiy
summon the dictionary ? And yet the zeal of the
other side seems to leave me no alternative.
Not content with the dictionary, 1 call your at-
tention to the use of the word in other authorita-
tive places, and pardon me if I begin with the
constitution of Massachusetts, written originally
by John Adams.
In the bill of rights of the constitution of Mas-
sachusetts, section five, it is declared:
"All power residing originally in the people and beipg
derived fiornthcm, the several magistrates ando0tecr*df
government, whether legislative, executive, or judicial, are
their substitutes and agents, and are at all times account-
able to them."
Here are members of the Legislature elassed
among officers,and thus this word received its in-
terpretation.
In another part of this same constitution it is
provided:
"Any person chosen Governor 6r Lieutenant Governor,
Counselor, Senator, or Representative, and accepting ihe
trust, shall, before he proceed to execute the duties of his
place or office, take and subscribe the Jbllowingdeciaration.,,
Here the place or trust of a Senator or Represent-
ative is called an office. But this same use of these
terms as synonymous and as applicable to the
post of Senator and Representative is continued, as
follows:
"Every person chosen to either of the placcs or office*
aforesaid, (meaning xhcoffices of Governor, Lieutenant Gov-
ernor, Senator, or Representative*) shall, before he enters
on the discharge of the business of his place or office, take
and subscribe," &c.
The authority of New Hampshire is like that
of Massachusetts. Iler constitution declares:
•'All power residing originally in and beingderivedfrom
the people, all the magistrates and officers of government
are their substitutes and agents, and at all times account-
able to them."
Here the word officers obviously means the sub-
stitutes and agents of the people. But who are
substitutes and agents of the people more than
Senators 9
Then again in the same constitution it is de-
clared:
" No office or place whatsoever in Government shall be
hereditary."
Here the word 11 office" is made synonymous
with " place."
The constitution of Vermont testifies as follows:
" All powei being originally invested in and consequent-
ly derived ftom the people, therefore all officers of govern-
ment, whether legislative or executive, are their trustees."
Thus in Vermont, members of the Legislature
arc "officers."
The constitution of New Jersey testifies also,
in the clause prescribing the qualifications which
shall entitle a person to vote:
" For representatives in Council and Assembly, and also
for all other public officers that shall be elected by the peo-
ple ot the county at'large."
Hero, again, members of the Legislature are
treated as " public officers."
The constitution of Pennsylvania testifies as
follows:
"Members of the General A^embly and all officers, ex-
ecutive and judicial, shall he bound by oath or affirmation
to suppoit the constitution of this Commonwealth, and to
peiloim the duties of their respective ojjices with fidelity."
I-Iero members of the General Assembly are
classed with those holding " offices."
Tho original constitution of New York is more
positive. Here are the words:
" The chancellor and judge* of the supreme court shall
not hold any other office except that of Delegate to the gen-
eral Congress upon ^peci.ii occasions ; and the fir*t judges
of the county courts, in the ^cveial counties shall not. at the
same time, hold any other office, exccpt that of Senator or
Delegate to the general Congress."
Here the post of a Delegate to the general Con-
gress, and also of a "Senator," is treated as an
"office,"
Surely here is enough on this head. The post
of Senator is an office of honor or profit, and a
" Senator" is an " officer."
2. But assuming that the post of Senator is an
" office," and that a Senator is an " officer,the
