1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
troops or citizens of the United States, or of the
State of Minnesota, against his will, and without
his fault or connivance. In addition to these affi-
davits, the accounting officers may, in their dis-
cretion, require corroborative, countervailing, or
explanatory evidence of the matters and state-
ments set forth and sworn to in them.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate, ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
read the third time, and
THE TARIFF BILL.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I understao^ that the bill
(H.R. No. 494) increasing duties on imports, and
for other purposes, came from the House of Rep-
resentatives last night, with a request for a con-
ference, which was agreed to by the Senate, but
the committee was not appointed. I move now
that the Chair be authorized to appoint that com-
mittee.
The motion was agreed to by unanimous con-
sent; and the President pro tempore appointed
Messrs. Fessenden, Morgan, and Pomeroy the
committee on the part of the Senate.
COMPENSATION OF EMPLOYES.
Mr. CARLILE submitted the following reso-
lution; which was read twice, and referred to the
Committee to Audit and Control the Contingent
Expenses of the Senate:
Resolved, That thoie be added to the salaries of the em-
ployes of the Senate, whose compensation does not ex-
ceed <$1,200 per annum, twenty-five per cent, for the year
ondmg the 30th of June, 1864, to he paid out of the contin-
gent tund of the Senate.
INTERCOURSE WITH DISLOYAL STATES.
Mr. MORRILL. T move to postpone all prior
orders,and take up the bill (S. No. 232) in addi-
tion to the several acts concerning commercial
intercourse between loyal and insui rectionary
States, to provide for the collection of captured
and abandoned property and the prevention of
frauds in States declared in insurrection.
The motion was agreed to; and the considera-
tion of the bill was resumed as in Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend the bill by
inserting after the word "delay," in line thirteen
of section seven, the following:
Any officer of tb<; United States, civil, military, or nnviil,
or any sutler, soldier, inaiihe, or other person, who t-hall
violate any provision of tfu:> act, or who -diall take or cause
to be taken into a State declared to bo in insurrection, or
who shall transpoit oi sell, oi othei wi c depose of therein,
any goods, wates, oi meiehandise wliats.oevei, except in
pursuance of license and authority of the Picsident, and
under rules and regulaMon«? of the Seeiotary of the Tiea«-
ntv, as piovided in srud fifth section of the act of July 13,
18(51, aforesaid, and aay officer or othei per&on atore?aid
who make any fal?e statement or iepi emulation upon
wh'ch licence and authmity shall he granted for =uch trans-
poitation,sale, oi other disposition, and any officer «r other
person aforesaid who shall, under any licence or aumority
.obtained, tran&poi t. hell, or othei wu-e di-jpo^e of any other
good^, waios, or meiehandise than &ucii as aie in good i.iith
no licensed and authorized, or shall nau^port, ^ell, or dis-
pose of the tame, orany poition thereof, in violation ofthe
terms of such license oi authority, or of any rule or regu-
lation pie&cnbcd hy the Secretary of the Treasury concern-
ing the same, shall be hable to indictment as lor a nnsde-
nieanoi, and fine not exceeding $5,000, and to puru&luwmt
in the penitentiary not exceeding three years, before any
court, civil or militaiy, competent to ttv the same. And
it shall be the duty of the Seeietary of me Treasury, fioin
time to time, to institute such investigations as may be ne-
cessary to detect and prevent frauds and abuses in the trade
and other transactions contemplated by this act or by the
acts to winch this is supplemental)'. And the agents mak
ing such investigations shall have power to compel the
attendance of witnesses and to make examination-? on oatli.
Mr. BROWN. I supposed that the Senator
from Maine contemplated making some explana-
tion in regard to this amendment and its bearings
on the bill, before the vote is had. I feel disposed
to facilitate the carrying into effect of the Treas-
ury regulations and the regulations of other De-
pal tments of the Government; but 1 think it is a
matter of very doubtful propriety whether wo
should make the violation of any order of the
Secretary of theTreasury a penitentiary offense.
I think that is carrying the matter rather further
than the interest of the service demands or than
will "be found practicable in operation. This
amendment, as I understand it, while going to
the point of prohibiting any traffic or tradeor
transportation or sale of supplies or anything
of the kind in any of the States now declared to
be in insurrection, at the same time provides that
for any " violation of the terms ot such license
or authority or of any rule or regulation pre-
scribed by the Secretary of the Treasury con*
earning.the same," a person " shall be liable to
indictment as for a misdemeanor, and fine not ex-
ceeding' $5,000,.and pumshment in the peniten-
tiary not exceeding three*years." I can-very
readily understand in the laxity of Treasury op-
erations in my own section of the country espe-
cially how such violations might happen, how in
fact it would be?dmostimpossible to complywith
every regulation and order of the Secretary of
theTreasury, and how probably one half of' the
persons who might be engaged in trade in- some
way or other would find themselves liable to in-
dictment for a penitentiary offense. I doubt very
much the policy of making such an amendment.
I should be very glad to hear from the Senator
from Maine in connection with this amendment;
but lot us proceed with some degree of caution.
It is a question in which a very large proportion
of the people of my State and other States ad-
joining are very much interested; they may be-
come liable to these heavy fines and these peni-
tentiary offenses; and I should be glad to know
where the necessity exists for making this pro-
vision so general in its terms, so exacting and so
penal in its character.
Mr. MORRILL. The amendment under con-
sideration provides simply for the enforcement of
the law, and is designed to prevent the perpetra-
tion of frauds by the officers both of the Army
and of the Navy, and also by all persons con-
nected with the service. It has been found in
practice that very great frauds have been perpe-
trated under the licenses which have been granted
under the Treasury Department, both by the
agents and the officers connected with the service.
Now, as the amendment applies cntiiely to those
connected with the service, it seems to me that it
is not open to the objection taken hy the Senator
fiom Missouri. You can hardly exercise over
that class of persons who are thus brought into
contact with this property too great a degree of
scrutiny and care. I think the provision is pretty
well guarded.
Mr. BROWN. Is the amendment offered by
the .Senator from Maine subjecttoamendment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Antho-
ny.) I' is.
Mr. BROWN. I move to amend the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Maine by strik-
ing out in line twenty-three the words " and to
punishment in the penitentiary not exceeding
three years."
This amendment contemplates that there shail
be authority given to persons m the insurrection-
ary districts to sell their produce and bring m
supplies for themselves and families; to do a va-
riety of things in the way of trade, subjcct, of
course, to the general supervision and regulation
of the Treasury Department; but it goes on to
provide that any person acting under any author-
ity of the Treasury Department and bringing m
supplies or taking out supplies, or" anything of
the kind, or purchasing for himself, who shall
violate any order or any rule or regulation pre-
scribed by the Secretary of the Treasury, shall
be hable to indictment and three years' imprison-
ment in the penitentiary.
Now I cannot conceive it possible that there is
any necessity for any such penal clause, for any
such regulation. It is making light and making
sport of the whole penal code of the nation. It
is confounding those who are guilty and those
who aie innocent, those who may simply violate
a regulation of which they have never heaid
with those who may go to work systematically
to defraud the Government. I would invite some
little scrutiny into that clause and into its bear-
ings. However it may strike the Senator from
Maine, I can state to him that from some knowl-
edge of the intercourse that has existed between
merchants and others of my own State and adjoin-
ing States with the State of Arkansas and the State
of Tennessee, a clause like this would probably
place one half of those doing business in the cate-
gory of being liable to a three years' term in the
penitentiary.
Mr. MORRILL. It seems to me thnt some-
thing of this sort ought to prevail m thi-s bill. It
applies only to the class of persons who apply to
the Government for permits and aro permitted to
trade.
Mr. BROWN. I undersold the Senator to
say that the purport of the whole bill is to put
everybody thatgets anything in the shape of sup-
plies or anything else in that-country under the
regulation of the Treasury; Department.- it is in
contemplation to abolish all trade and all -inter-
course' with those districts excepted-fajr as it rinay
be regulated and authorized by ;the Treasury De-
partment for certain specific purposes, and now
it is provided' that under those operations those
engaged in that specific purpose shall atf be liable
-to this penaitjh ' . > .a
Mr. MORKlLIi. ' I do not see the hardship of
that. By no possibility will these provisions ap-
ply to any man who conducts himself honestly.
Unless you are willing to license the wholesale
fraud which has been carried on in that country,
it seems to me you must attach a penalty to in-
fidelity. This bill proposes to grant certain per-
mission to license for limited "trade. These per-
sons are to have the'privilege.to carry on in that
country trade upon a limited scale. Under what
penalty? Under the penalty of being-liable first
to a fine upon conviction before any civil or mil-
itary court. But any one will see-that a fine Jn
such a community, and under such circumstances,
would be a very inadequate remedy against per-
sons who shouldconduct themselves improperly.
There is superadded to the fine, what is-very
common in all penal statutes, a punishment by
confinement, and somewhat at the discretion of
the court, not exceeding,'however, three' years.
•Then the whole-thing comes to-this: under
the peculiar circumstances of the case, to prevent
the great frauds which have been perpetrated in
the last two or three years under the authority to
permit trade, it has been found necessary further
to restrain the trade, to limit the power of the
President somewhat to authorize trade in those
districts, and, with a view of remedying the evil
which everybody has seen, it is found necessary
to be a little more severe in the way of penalty.
What are the penalties? They are the ordinary
penalties resorted to to enforce fidelity in all bills
where fraud is attempted to be provided against.
I really do not see, if there are to beany penalties
at all, that these penalties are excessive or im-
moderate. I hopo thcamendmcnt will beadopted.
The PRESIDENTprotempore. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Mis-
souri to the amendment of the Senator from
Maine.
Mr. MORRILL. I suggest whether that is in
order. My amendment is an-amendment to an
amendment proposed by the Committee on Com-
merce as the seventh section of the bill.
Mi. DOOLITTLE. 1 suggest to the Senator
from Maine whether he could not by a brief sen-
tence make a distinction between simple viola-
tions of the orders of the Treasury Department
and those offenses which amount to embezzle-
ment, misappiopriation of funds in their hands,
or any act of a felonious nature. Let them for
felonious offenses be subject to this imprison-
ment and fine on conviction summarily before a
court-martial; but as to mere misdemeanors in
violating the Treasury orders, limit the punish-
ment to fine.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
understands the Senator from Maine to have pro-
posed an amendment to the bill 
Mr. MORRILL. The Chair will perceive that
the original bill was reported back by the com-
mittee with certain amendments. One of those
amendments was to insert a new section as sec-
tion seven. That amendment I have moved to
amend, and the Senator from Missouri proposes
to amend that, which would be an amendment in
the third degree.
Mr. BRO WN. Have the amendments of the
comminee not yet been acted on?
Mr. MORRILL. I think not. If the Sena-
tor's objection is to the words "or of any rule or
regulation prescribed by the Secretary of the
Treasury concerning the same," I shall not ob-
ject to a modification of the amendment so as to
'make it apply to a violation of the license.
Mi. TRUMBULL. Why not strike out those
words?
Mi. MORRILL. I have no objection to strik-
ing them out, so that it would stand that a person
who took a license and who should violate it
should be subject to these penalties. _
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It the Chair
understands the question rightly, the amendment
of the Senator fiom Missouri is in ordei. The
