1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2347
nounced to the House, and desires, if there be no
objection on the part of any Senator, to correct
the mistake, and restore the committee as it was.
If no objection be made, that correction will be
made on the Journal, and the committee restored
as it stood originally.
Mr. SUMNER. Before that subject is dis-
missed, I should'like to inquire whetherthe Jour-
nal of that day should not in some way be changed
so that it will be made to correspond with the
Journal of the House of Representatives, though
possibly the change the Chair proposes may ac-
complish that purpose.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Journal
had not been read to the Senate before the change
was made. The Journal was read after the change
was made, so that there was no mistake in the
Journal.
Mr. SUMNER. So I understand; but the
point is this, if the Chair will give me its atten-
tion. A message was sent from the Senate to the
House of Representatives communicating the fact
that the President pro tempore had appointed
Messrs. Sherman, Sumner, and Morgan as con-
ferees on the part of the Senate on the consular
and diplomatic appropriation bill. I understand
that that message was actually received by the
House ofRepresentattves. Itmust, therefore, be
on the Journals of the House. Shortly after there
came another message from the Senate announ-
cing the substitution of Mr. Cowan for Mr. Mor-
gan. The point to which I wish to call the at-
tention of the Senate is, whether our Journal,
which I have in my hand,for Monday, May 16,
1864, should not contain a precise record of that
transaction precisely as it occurred, to wit: the
first appointment of Mr. Sherman, Mr. Sumner,
and Mr. Morgan, and the communication of that
appointment by message to the other House; and
secondly, the substitution by the Chair of Mr.
(Towan for Mr.Morgan, Mr. Morgan nut hav-
ing resigned, and the communication of that sub-
stitution by a special message to the House.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Journal
will contain what is done to-day undoubtedly, that
Mr. Morgan was restored or substituted, and the
House of Representatives will be so informed.
Mr. SUMNER. But still the point remains
whether the Journal for that day, May 16, 18C4,
should not be amended according to the facts.
To bring the point—it is an impot tant question of
privilege—before the Senate,! will move that the
Journal of Monday, May 16, 1864, be amended
according to the facts.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
understands the Senator to move to amend the
Journal of Monday last, so as to say that Mr.
Cowan was substituted for Mr. Morgan on that
committee of conference.
Mr. SUMNER. So that it shall appear how
the committee was first constituted; that that com-
mittee was communicated by message to the other
House; that then the substitution took place; and
that substitution was communicated by message
to the other House. Without such an alteration,
I submit to the Chair, the Journals of the two
bodies will not harmonize.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will direct the Journal to be so amended unless
there beobjection. The Chairhearsnoobjection.
The special order is now before the Senate.
GOODS IN WAREHOUSE.
Mr. CONNESS. With the consent of the hon-
orable chairman of the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad whom I have consulted, and the Seriate,
I desire to call up a bill reported by the Senator
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Cowan] this morning,
which is now on the Secretary's desk. It will
excite no discussion, and will occupy but a mo-
ment of time. It is important to act upon it at
once, so that it may go to the other House for
action there.
There being no objection, the bill (S. No. 282)
to amend an act entitled " An act to extend the
time for the withdrawal of goods from public
stores and bonded warehouses, and for other pur-
poses," approved February 29, 1864, was read
the second time, and considered as in Committee
of the Whole. It provides thatall goods, wares,
and merchandised public stores or bonded ware-
houses on the 1st of May, 1864, on which the
duties at that time were unpaid and which had
then been in bond for more than one year butless
than three years, may be entered for consumption
and the bonds canceled at any time before the 1st
of September next, on the payment of duties and
charges according to law.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not exactly understand
the effect of the bill.
Mr. OONNESS. I will state for the informa-
tion of the Senator—I expected the Senator from
Pennsylvania to do it, as he reported the bill—
that it relates to goods that were in bond during
an interregnum created by the act that we passed
at this session in relation to the release of goods
from bond. We passed an act providing that
goods might be withdrawn between March and
September. This bill is to allow and permit goods
to which .that act did not apply, which were in
bond for two months previous to that time, the
year having expired, also to be withdrawn from
bond and entered for consumption and sule, and
the duties paid. Otherwise, their owners will be
forced to export them from the country.
Mr. COWAN. I will say by way of explana-
tion that by the act of the 14th of July, 1862, it
was provided that goods in public store or bonded
warehouse might be withdrawn for exportation
within three years from the date of original im-
portation, and for consumption within one year
on payment of duties. On the 29th of February,
1864, an act amendatory of the former law was
passed; and that provided that goods which had
been m bond more than one year, (and, of course,
not allowed to be withdrawn for consumption be-
fore that time,) and less than three years, might
be withdrawn for consumption on payment of
duties at any time before the 1st of September,
18G4. It will be observed that the import of that
act was to allow all goods then in bona to be with-
drawn for consumption. Those that had been
less than one year in bond might of course be
withdrawn under the old law, and those which
by the old law had been forbidden as having
been in bond more than one year were released
from that prohibition under this act and allowed
to be withdrawn. But intelligence of the passage
of the act did not reach California until about the
middle of April, perhaps nearer the end of April.
Owing to that fact there was a class of goods that
did not fall within the provisions of the act of the
29th of February last, and those were goods
which had been imported between the IsLof Mtuch
and the Inst of April, or between the 29th of Feb-
ruary, the date of the passage of the act and the
time when intelligence of its passage reached Cali-
fornia.
Mr. JOHNSON. Will the Senatorpermit me
to ask whether that class of goods could nothave
been withdrawn under the original act?
Mr. COWAN. No, sir; they could not.
Mr. JOHNSON. They had been bonded less
than a year. Did the last act repeal the first?
Mr. COWAN. No, sir, itallowed itto remain,
and that was the difficulty. If the last act had
expressed specifically that all goods might be
withdrawn from bond for consumption, there
would have been no difficulty; but it was passed
on the supposition that all those which had been
in bond for less than a year would, of course, be
allowed to be withdrawn,andthatall those which
had been m bond for less than three years would
have to be provided for.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not think I make my-
self understood by the Senator. Did thefirstact,^
which authorized goods that had not been in bond
more than one year to be withdrawn, apply only
to goods then in bond at the date of the passage
of that act?
Mr. COWAN. The act of the 14th of July,
186:2, is a general act, not repealed by the act of
Fcbiuary 29, 1S64.
Mr. JOHNSON. Does that apply to all goods
at all times in bond not exceeding a year?
Mr. COWAN. Prior to the passage of that act,
Mr. JOHNSON. To those in bond prior only-1
Mr. COWAN. Prior only; and the object of
this bill is to provide for the goods imported for
the two months ending the last of April.
Mr. CONNESS. I will state, in addition to
what the honorable Senator from Pennsylvania
has said, that there are goods also in the same
condition at some of our eastern ports, and the
Treasury Department have recommended the pas-
sage of this bill. They find it necessary.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have the
bill read once more.
The Secretary read the bill.
Mr. CONNESS. The 1st of September named
in the bill is the period at which the act passed
in February fixed the time that the withdrawal
shall cease.
Mr. SHERMAN. The point I wish to get at
is whether the words "according to"law" in the
bill mean that the duties shall be paid according
to the law at this day or according to the law on
the 1st of May last.
Mr. CONNESS. I do not understand the Sen-
ator.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to know whether,
under the operation of the bill as now framed,
these persons will have to pay the additional duty
of fifty per cent, provided for the other day.
Mr. CONNESS. Certainly.
Mr. SHERMAN. The only doubtgrows out
of the words at the close of the bill, "according
to law." DoeS that mean according to the law
in existence at the time of the passage of the bill,
or at the time the goods are withdrawn and en-
tered for consumption?
Mr. COWAN. There is no doubt about that.
Mr. CONNESS. None at all.
Mr. HALE. The difficulty suggested by the
Senator from Ohio occurred to me. I think the
statute is uncertain in its present phraseology.
Mr. CONNESS. Thenfty per cent, additional
tax is now the law of the land. This bill will be
the law after it has passed both Houses and been
signed by the President. Of course goods with-
drawn when it shall have passed, according to its
provisions, will pay the tax required by law.
Mr. HALE. Please state what is the object
of the act, if that is the construction.
Mr. CONNESS. That has been stated three
or four times, I will say to the Senator, and I do
not desire to consume too much of the time of the
Senate. The purpose is to allow persons who
have goods in bond to withdraw them for consump-
tion and sale, and to enable them to pay us the
increased duty now imposed by law rather than
to compel them to export them from the coun-
try.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have no doubt that the ex-
planation made by the Senator from California
is made according to his view of this bill, and it
may be right. I am not sure it is not right; but
it strikes me as possible, and indeed probable,
that a different construction may be put upon it
if it shall be passed in its present form. I rather
incline to think that the law to which the bill re-
fers as the law to regulate the payment of duties
and charges, will be construed to be the law in
force on the 1st of May, and if so, these goods,
if .they are not subject to the increased duty im-
posed by the resolution passed some days since,
will not have to pay what all other imported goods
pay. I propose, therefore, to add after the words
(i according to law," the words "now in force."
Mr. CONNESS. There is one objection to
that. Suppose-Congress see fit to increase the
duties between nowand September, as they may,
then the parties withdrawing these goods before
September would pay a less duty than others
would be compelled to pay according to law.
That is the only difficulty.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then I will modify the
amendment by saying "according to the laws in
force at the time the goods shall be withdrawn."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
and was read the third time, and passed.
TEUBITOBY OF MONTANA.
Mr. MORRILL submitted the following report:
The committee of conference on the difeagrecing votes
of the two Houses on the bill (If. K. No. 15) to provide a
temporary government for the Territory of Montana, hav-
ing met, ailei ft full and fiee conference: have agreed to lec-
ommend and do recommend to their respective Iiou-se^a*
foNovys, namely:
That the first amendment ot the Senate to the said bill be
amended to read aa follows, namely:
Amend section five by strikihgoutinlme* one,two, three,
and four, the following words: a that every iree white male
inhabitant, above the age. ot twenty-one years, who shall
have been an actual resident of said Territory for thirty days
prior to the first election," and inserting tlie following m
lieu thereof:
All citizens of the United States, and those who have
declared their intention to become s>uch, and who are other-
wise described and qualified under the fifth section of the
act of Congress providing for a temporary government for
the Temtory of Idaho approved March 3,1863;" and in
