1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1371
the cunency bill at once and finish it. This bill
wiii come up next in order.
Mr. GARFIELD. Does that meet the views
of the gentleman who reported the bill?
Mr. DEMiNG. I have no objection to it.
Mr. STEVENS. I will move, then, that the
House go into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. GARFIELD. I do not quite understand
what the gentleman desires to do.
Mr. STEVENS. Togo into Committee ofthe
Whole on the state of the Union on the currency
bill. This bill will come up afterwards.
Mr. GARFIELD. I would ask the Chair when
it will come up?
The SPEAKER. The Chair would answer the
gentleman from Oh to that if the currency bill
should be finished in Committee of the Wholeon
the state of the Union to-day and the House should
conclude the voting upon it to-day, this bill will
come up immediately afterwards. If not, it will
come up on Saturday morning.
Mr. ALLEY. I would like to inquire whether,
if this anangement is carried into effect, it will
not interfere with other committees repoiting? If
so, I shall object.
The SPEAKER. It depends entirely upon the
gentleman fiom Ohio, [Mr. Garfield.] If he
surrenders the floor, the gentleman fiom Penn-
sylvania has a right to move to go into Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 withdraw the motion, as
I undeistaiid the gentleman desires to go on now.
Mr. GARFIELD. I have no personal desire
in the matter; but that seems to be the wish of
the friends of the measure.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Mr. STEVENS, i desire to ask leave of ab-
sence for my fiiend, Mr. IIujsdard, of Connec-
ticut, for one week after to-monow. lie is a lit-
tle doubtful about going away without leave of
absence after what transpired on Fnday last.
[Laughter.]
Leave of absence was granted.
RECIPROCITY TREATY.
Mr. WARD. I as>k the gentleman from Ohio
to give way to me for a moment.
- Mr. GARFIELD. I yield to the gentleman.
Mr. WARD. 1 desire to make a report from
the Committee on Commerce in relation to the
reciprocity treaty, with a view to have the joint
resolution and report printed and postponed for
some two or three weeks.
Mr. ALLEY, i object.
RAILROAD TO NEW YORK AGAIN.
Mr. G A U FIELD. Mr. Speaker, when this
subject was last, before the House, I submitted a
few remarks, but the morning hour expired be-
fore I concluded. I then undertook to show by
the reports of the Quartermaster General and the
Postmaster General that our communications be-
tween this city and the city of New York were
notoriously insufficient for the wants of theGov-
crnment and thegeneral public. That statement
was demonstrated by quotations from official re-
ports. i then made the point that if any State
prohibited the construction of more than one line
of communication, and that line was not sufficient
for all the business required, it was pro tanto an
inhibition of transportation across that State. I
showed, I think,conclusively, that such was the
fact in regard to transportation across the State
of New Jersey, and that the prohibition which
now exists is, in fact, a refusal to grant the ne-
cessary rights of transit acioss the territory of
New Jersey, and a direct interference with com-
merce between the States.
J know that the gentleman who pieceded me,
[Mr. Broomall,] made the point that while he
wasmfavoi of an " air line" or direct route across
the State of New Jersey, he was not in favor of
an "elbow line" or circuitous route. I answer,
if the route is a circuitous one, it cannot be com-
petitive, unless transpoitation by the usual route
is insufficient. If you allow that it is insufficient,
why not permit the use of the cncuitous route
rather than cripple the commerce of the country?
But the new road is competitive, because the old
routes are not sufficient. The Government has
transported over the "elbow route" during the
past season, 31,394 United States troops, 620
horses, and 108 cai loads of baggage for the troops
thus transported. The road is a competitive route,
and a New Jersey court has so decidcd. Why
competitive? Because in railroad traveling time
is a more important element than distance,.and
the running time of the new road between Phila-
delphia and New York is ten minutes less than
that of the Camden and Amboy between the same
places. It is true, the distance is twenty-three
miles greater, yet because of the sparsely settled
country through which it passes, there are fewer
stopping places, fewer hinderances to travel, and
hence it is a quicker route. It does its business
more rapidly and promptly than the Camden and
Amboy.
The monopoly complains because greater facil-
ities have been afforded to the American people.
The road itself has furnished testimony of its in-
ability to meet all the demands of commerce. In
a document which its directors have circulated
among the members of this House they attempt
to show that they have filled all orders promptly
and thoroughly. One of their own witnesses, a
captain in the Army, says:
"In ui.swit in the s*;vt;ial interrogations contained in
the pc'Mr.t memorandum wltieh jou handed me yesteiday
I have to state as follow, munch :
uFouilh interroiration.—'Camden and Amboy railroad
could have e.uried more iroo|K at any time than weie of- ,
Jeicil.' I have no ineau^ ot knowing how many troops
could have been earned if the « hole hieilities of that road
had heen to tin- Government; hut the demands tit
tnno* have been veiy he.tvy, ptohnblv more than any one
road in this oi any otliei countn could have met without
conMdet.ihle dclaj. Ttoop* h.ive heen oiten sent by sie.un-
eis to VYcHnnL'Mn to relieve the railroad-.
'* 1). STLMSON,
" Captain awi Jhshtant Quartermaster."
I wish to ask this House who it is that com-
plains of these increased facilities, who comes
into court and claims to be aggrieved? It is the
Camden and Amboy railroad, and none other.
I hold ill my hand a book which ought to be
called the Register of Gieatness and Official Dig-
nitaries, or lather the Blue Boole of the State of
New Jersey. It is a collection of the leports of
the Camden and Amboy monopoly from the form-
ation of the company to the present time, and I
venture to say that such another book cannot be
found in America as tins. The monopoly has
taken Nov Jersey under its protection. It praises,
admonishes, or censmes New Jersey according
as she follows or disiegards the standard of the
Camden and Amboy monopoly theory of polit-
ical economy. I ventuie to say a parallel cannot
be found in the histoiy of the Republic to the
records of this book. I will read a few passages.
In 181G the monopoly issued an address to the
people of New Jersey. It tells them that New
Jersey is vastly superior to her sister States in
the management of public concerns; it goes on
to say that Pennsylvania and New York have
foolishly expended money in building public im-
| piovements and developing their material wealth,
i and then concludes with an air of triumph, as
I follows:
j " Kcw Jersey 1ms no coat lands or salt sprints to be con-
verted into liionnpoiR's; but she has a most enviable geo-
; graphical po-ltion in the Union, wlliell it is herdutj to
lmpinve for tin' benefit of bet citizens. Site ha'* done so
! ill the manner deemed most advisable and profitable ; and
i has rea-nn to be ptond of tin) wisdom winch dictated her
policy."
i She has 11 improved her geographical position" by
j creating a sweeping monopoly and taxing all
j freight and passengers between the great eom-
j mercial cities of Pennsylvania and New York.
■ The monopoly congratulates New Jersey on her
I cunning device to raise taxes without cost to her-
' self.
I This monopoly is sometimes as ",umble"as
! Uriah Heep, antf at others as proud as Lucifer,
j When it wants favors from the Legislature of
\ New Jersey it is very humble, but when the State
| wanted fovors fiom it, it has been exceedingly
! haughty. In I860 the monopoly came before the
i country for a loan of 5,6,000,000. To secure this
| on leasonable terms it became necessary to ex-
' hibit the resources of the company. I will read a
! passage from another of the company's proclama-
1 tions to the people of New Jersey.
: Let it be remembered that this monopoly tells
i the people of New Jersey that it relies chiefly
' on New York and Philadelphia for the money it
1 makes. Now. what has this company done? It
exhibits its condition as follows:
: "1. The peculiar advantage of their geogiaphieal po
i sit!on. H. The extent and number of railway lines now
i belonging to the joint companies compared willi their sin-
gle line of sixty-one miles in 1834. 3. The revenues of the
companies now compared with th'e estimate of probable
revenue in the infancy of their enterprise.
"The cities of New York and Philadelphia, which are
connected together by our canal and railways, are btilJ in
advance of atl other cities in the United States in wealth,
population, and commercial advantages. It has been upon
then growth and pio&peuty that we have chiefly relied for
revenue and its progressive increase. This reliance has
not been indulged unwisely." *****
" In 1834 the net income ot the company was $450,000.
By reference to the annual &worn report of the sStntc di-
rectors, made in January, 1860, to the Legislature of New
Jersey, it will be seen that the net income of the Camden
and Amboy Railroad Company from their different through
lutes of railway was $911,242, and that of the canal com-
pany was $335,129} in all, .$1,246,371; being nearly thiee
tunes greater in amount than the original estimates of in-
come m 1834." *******
" The population of the United States doubles in a little
over twenty-three years, and that of the cities of New York
and Philadelphia in about eighteen years; but the revenues
of the joint companies inciease in a ratio exceeding that
of the increase of the population of New York and Phila-
delphia; and when in twenty-five years New York and
Philadelphia may each contain two million people and the
United States sixty million, the annual revenues of the
joint companies may be safely estimated at $5,000,000.
" It is no exaggeration to say that there is not on the
continent ofNoith America any railway or canal franchise
so valuable as that of the joint companies. They possess
a capacious canal, itself worth more this day than the whole
amount which we propose to boriow upon the security of
the united companies.
" They arc proprietors likewise of one entire through line,
and of two thirds of a second line uf railway connecting two
great cities, the commercial emporiums of the western
world. They have a controlling property also in a line of
railway, more than one hundred miles m extent, reaching
mio the coal and iron fields of Pennsylvania, the products
ot which annually aucment with the unbounded demand
which is ever in advance ot then supply.
'-The interest of the State of New Jersey is identified
with that of the jpim companies as we have .said before,
and she h relieved fiom the necessity of imposing Any State
tax by the ample revenue which she denves from the com-
panies.
u New Jersey is distinguished for the conservative char-
acter ot her people and her legislation; and when her citi-
zens have invented their capital in works designed for the
public benefit, she has always refused to impair the value
of a ftaneluse devoted to such objects by the creation of a
rival. Effoits indeed have within the past thirty years been
sometimes made to induce the LegipUture of New Jersey
to giant chatters lor lival raihoads, but invariably without
success. What could not be done when, in the infancy of
the companies., the revenue ofthe State derived from them
was .-mail, need excite no apprehensions now, when the
whole expense ofthe State government is piovided for from
the income furnished by the business of our railroads and
canal."
There is a list of seventeen names appended to
this official report of the company, and it em-
braces a large share of the leading politicians of
New Jersey. The road to glory in that State ap-
pears to be' a railroad. Were I a citizen of New
Jersey and desirous of advancement among my
fellow-citizens, I would pray all my friends to
get me appointed brakeman or baggage-master,
and I might then hope to be promoted to Con-
gress, and ultimately become a director of the
company that controls New Jersey.
"Was there ever anything so barefaced? The
monopoly comes here boasting of wealth unpre-
cedented, of rights and franchises unprecedented,
and that it draws its chief wealth from citizens
outside of New Jersey, because that State has a
geographical position which enables her to make
money out of the cities of other States. And this
is the party which comes here and asks us to for-
bid the Raritan road to exercise the right of trans-
portation between New York and Philadelphia!
How have they managed their matters and
made their money? The charter of their road
prohibited them from charging more than three
dollars passenger faro between Philadelphia and
New York, and yet from the year 1835 to 1849
they charged four dollars in the face of the law.
In 1842, however, the Legislature of New Jersey
determined that one half of all the company
charged above three dollars should be paid into
the treasury of New Jersey; in other words, they
said to this company, ** If you will steal give us
one half the stealings; we really cannot help your
doing it, but if you aie bound to do it,give us one
half the proceeds." Eut they never did even that.
I will call the attention of the House to another
fact. This line of roads between New York and
Philadelphia is ninety miles long, and the pas-
senger fare is now three dollars, i desire to com-
pare this with some other rates of fare as I find
them lately quoted in a dally journal: Camden
and Amboy to Philadelphia, 90 miles, #3; Hud-
son river to Rhinebeck, 91 miles, $1 80; Harlem
to Albany, 154 miles, $3; .Erie to Port Jems. 87
miles, $2 10; Lackawanna to Stroudsburg, yu
