•3324
THE 00K&R1SSI0ML GLOBE.
Juiie 28,
amendments reported by the committee were
agreed to,, and became part of the bill. The Sen-
ator from Maine proposed to amend the bill,and
that amendment is open to amendment,
Mr, MORRILL. I did not understand that
the amendment proposed by the committee as the
seventh section ,ef; the billwas: agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro ttrmpore. The. Chair
understands, that it has been agreed to. If-not,
the amendment of the Senator fo)  Missouri
would not be in order. . The Chair Will refer to
thfi,record to ascertain the feict.
Mr. MOR.RHLL. X raise no question.
Mr. BROWN. I hope theSenator from Maine
•will, at all events, amend his amendment by strik-
ing out the words " or of any rule or- regulation
prescribed by theSecretary of the Treasury con-
cerning the same." •
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The record
shows that the amendments of the committee
were agreed to. The Senator from Maine now
proposes to add new matter; the Senator from
Missouri proposes to amend the amendment; that
is in order. ;
• Mr. MORRILL. To make it acceptable to
the Senator from Missouri, I modify my amend-
ment by striking out, in the nineteenth and twen-
tieth lines, the words " or of any rule or regula-
tion prescribed by the Secretary of-the Treasury
concerning the same."
,Mr. BROWN. If the amendment were to ap-
ply only to licensed traders, and wore intended
to Operate only in cases of fraud, I should have
no objection to it; but if I understand the tenor of
this amendment, and also of another amendment
which the Senator proposes to offer,itis to make
every person who bays his family supplies stand
in the attitude of a person acting under license
and authority from the Secretary o f the Treasury;
and if that is the case I should be. sorry to afhx
such a penalty as this that would besoiridiscrim-
inate in its application to cases of mistake and
cases of error, and not simply to cases of embez-
zlement and of fraud.
Mr. MORRILL. By no possibility would it
apply to the case supposed by the Senator from
Missouri. It applies simply to officerSih the ser-
vice, and to those persona whoconnectthemselves
with the Government by procuring a license to
trade, and wantonly violate that license.
Mr. BROWN. " Or other person."
Mr. MORRILL. "Any officer of the United
States, civil, military, or naval, or any sutler, sol-
dier, murine, or other person."
Mr. CHANDLER. This amendment is in-
tended to meet- a peculiar class of cases,. The
committee on the conduct of the war ascertained
that from Memphis alone between twenty and
thirty million dollars' worth of supplies have gone
into the hands of the rebels, ldrew up an amend-
ment much more severe than this, making the
penalty death, I thought that death was a light
penalty for licensed officers of the Government
who furnished the rebels with military supplies.
But the Committee on Commerce saw fit to modify
my amendment, and they have made the penalty
in my judgment altogether too light. I do not
think imprisonment for three years is any pun-
ishment i'ora man guilty of such a crime. I cer-
tainly would impose the death penalty, and take
from the President in such a case the pardoning
power, if that were possible. This is alight, mild
proposition of the Committee on Commerce, and
i trust it will not be made less by any change.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understand the objection
of the Senator from Missouri is not so much toa
severe penalty on really guilty parties as itis to the
creation of an offense in such terms that persons
not really auilty may be subject to punishment,
to which of course the Senator from Michigan
would be as much opposed as any one. I wish
to suggest to theSenator from Maine a few alter-
ations that may obviate these difficulties, and ren-
der the proposition acceptable to theSenator from
Missouri perhaps. I suggest that in the seventh
and eighth lines of the amendment the words "and
imdei rules and regulations of theSecretary of
the Treasury" be stricken out; and then in line
fifteen, after the word "obtained," that "will-
fully and knowingly" be inserted; and that the
words "willfully and knowingly" be inserted
after " shall/' in the fifteenth line.
The objection of the Senator from Missouri, as
I understand] is rather that innocent persons
might-be involved in this punishment. Of course
the Senator from Maine does not mean to impose
this penalty on anybody unless he has been will-
fully and knowingly guilty of the offense. I pre-
sume the court woulxl hold that to be necessary
at any rate if the words were not in; but I can
conceive of a case of a steamboat captain trans-
porting goods which might be in violation of this
license, without.any knowledge that they were on
board. It is only those persons who are seeking
t<r violate the law, and really aid the enemy, that
anybody desires to punish. I make the sugges-
tion to the Senator from Maine, and if it be ac-
ceptable—I do not know that it will be—it will
perhaps relieve the matter of difficulty.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will suggest to the Senator from Maine that the
section which he proposes to amend, being itself
an amendment which has been agreed to, it may be
doubtful whether, according to parliamentary
rules, it is now open to amendment; but the Chair
will, if there be no objection, regard the vote on
it as reconsidered, and treat the proposition of the
Senator from Maine as an amendment to it,
Mr. MORRILL- Looking to the objection of
the Senator from Missouri, I was about to pro-
pose to insert the word " willfully "in the second
line, but I have no objection to its coming in
where the Senator from'lllinois proposes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I understand the
Senator from Maine will modify his amendment
by inserting the words "willfully and knowing-
ly" after " obtained" in the fifteenth line, and the
same words after " shall" in the seventeenth line.
Mr. MORRILL. I so modify my amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I would make a further
suggestion to the Senator from Maine, that he
strike out the words " and under rules and regu-
lations of the Secretary of the Treasury" in the
seventh and eighth lines.
Mr. MORRILL. That would seem to be in
harmony with the amendment already made in
the nineteenth and twentieth lines.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then let those words go
out if the Senator from Maine will acccpt my
proposed modification.
Mr. MORRILL. I accept it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to insertan addi-
tional provision, I wish to insert " or shall be
guilty of any act of embezzlement, of willful mis-
appropriation of public or private money or prop-
eity, or of keeping false accounts, or of willfully
making any false returns, or of any other act
amounting to a felony," just before the words
"shall be liable to indictment," in line twenty-
one. It will be remarked that in that section of
the country where these persons go, there are no
regular civil tribunals.
Mr. MORRILL, I accept that modification.
Mr. BROWN. I suggest to the Senator from
Maine the insertion of a few words in the fourth
line. It reads " or who shall take or cause to be
taken into a State declared to be in insurrection."
I move to insert after the word " insurrection"
the words " or to any other point to be thence
taken into such State." I simply desire to cover
the case of those who ship goods to points in
Canada and elsewhere for the purpose of their
being run into confederate ports.
Mr. MORRILL. There is no objection to
that. I accept it.
The PRESiDENTjjro tempore. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Maine
as modified.
Mr. fiROWN. I believe my amendment has
not been voted upon.
The PRESlDENTpro tempore. That amend-
ment fell by the action regarding the amendment
proposed us the seventh section as reconsidered.
The amendment of Mr. MoaniLL as modified
was agreed to, as follows:
Insert after '■ delay" in line thirteen of section seven:
Any officer or the United States, civil, military, or na-
val, ur any smler, soldier, marine, or other person, who
shall violate any provision of this act, or who shall take
or cause to be taken into a State declared to be in insur-
rection, or to any other point to be tbence taken into such
State, or who shall transport or sell, or otherwise dispose
of theiem, any goods; wares, or merchandise whatsoever,
except in puisuanee of license and authority of the Fies-
ldent, as provided in said fifpi section of the act of July
13. 1«61, aforesaid, and any officer or other person afnie-
said who shall make any false statement or lepieucntution
upon which license and authonty shall be granted for such
transportation, sale, ax other disposition, and any onicer
or other person aforesaid who shall, under any license or
stuthoiity obtained, wilitully or knowingly transport, sell, or
otherwise dispose of any other goods, wares, or mei eliandlse
than such as are in good faith so licensed and authorized,
or shall willfully and knowingly transport, sen, or dispose -
of the same, or any portion thereof, in violation ot tile
terms of such license or authority, or shall be guilty of any
act of embezzlement, of willful misappropriation of pub-
lic or private money or property, or of keeping false ac-
counts, or of wilfully making any false returns, or of any
other act amounting to a felony, shall be liable to indict-
ment as for a misdemeanor, and fine not exceeding $.">,000,
and punishment in tile penitentiary not exceeding three
years, before any court, civil or military, competent to
try the same. And it shall be the duty of the Secretary of
the Treasury, from time to lime, to institute such investi-
gations as may be necessary to detect and prevent frauds
and abuses in the trade and other transactions contempla-
ted by this act or by the acts to which this is supplement-
ary. And the agents making such investigations shall have
power to compel tile attendance of witnesses and to make
examinations on oath.
Mr. MORRILL. I now move to amend the
bill by striking out at the end of section six the
words " is hereby repealed," and inserting:
Except so far as maybe necessary to authorize supplying
the necessities of loyal persons residing in insurrectionary
States, within the lines of actual occupation by the military
forces of the United States, as indicated by published order
of the commanding general of the department or district so
occupied ; and, also, except so far as may be necessary to
authorize persons residing within such lines to bring or
send to market in the loyal States any products which they
shall have produced with their own labor or the labor of
freedmen or others employed and paid by them, pursuantto
rules relating thereto, which may be cstablisned under
proper authority. And no goods, wares, or merchandise
shall be taken intoa State declared in insurrection ortrans-
ported therein except to and from such places and to such
monthly amounts as shall have been previously agreed
upon in writing by the commanding general of the depart-
ment in which such places are situated and an officer des-
ignated by tile Secretary of the Treasury for that purpose.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to have the Sen-
ator from Maine give us some explanation of that
proposition. I have not had an opportunity to
read it. I should like to know whether it leaves
the designation of the different points where trade
can be had, and the persons with whom it can be
had, to the military commander or the Secretary
of the Treasury. I do not understand it.
Mr. MORRILL. By the act of 1861 all inter-
course with States declared to be in insurrection
by theproclamation ofthePresident was illegalex-
cept that by a proviso in that act the President was
authorized to grant licenses. It has been found
in practice that the exception has come to be the
rule and the trade is very general. The commit-
tee balanced between the idea of repealing the
proviso altogether and making all trade illegal and
the idea of further restricting it. The effect of
this amendment is that all intercourse between
the loyal States and the States or parts of States
which have been declared to be in insurrection is
illicit and prohibited by the statute, except that
the President, under such rules and regulations
as the Secretary of the Treasury may propose for
his ratification and he agree to, May allow such
trade, and such only, as may be necessary to sup-
ply the necessities of persons residing in the in-
surrectionary States within the lines of actual
occupation by our military forces. Therefore if
the bill shall be passed with this amendment, the
result will be that all intercourse" with those States
will be absolutely prohibited, except that the
President may authorize a trade designed to sup-
ply the necessities of loyal persons who are ac-
tually withi-n our lines.
Mr. GRIMES. Who is to determine whether
they are loyal ?
Mr MORRILL. The President is to grant
the permits, and there must necessarily, I sup-
pose,be some discretion as to that. The persons
who ore to be authorized to trade are to trade with
loyal persons and none other, and they are to do
that under the penalties which we have just been
providing; they are to act at their peril. If they
trade with disloyal persons knowingly a'nd wit-
tingly, they will be subject to the penalty pro-
vided for by the section just adopted. The exact
state of the law, as I understand, will be that all
commercial intercourse as a general proposition
is entirely prohibited, but this provision author-
izes the President to allow loyal persons to be
supplied with the necessaries of life within our
military lines. That, I believe, to be the extent
of it,
Mr. GRIMES. I think the amendment goes
a little further than to authorize a mere delivery
and sale of necessaries. It says that trade shall
be cut off " except so far as may be necessary to
authorize persons residing within such lines to
bring or send to market m the loyal States any
