326
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
question occurs, to what" department of the pub- j
he service" docs he belong ?
Cleatly he is not of the "military" or "na-
val" department. But if not " military" or " na-
val," he must be " civil." Here again consult
the dictionary:
Civil.—"Itis distinguished from ecclesiastical,
which respects the church, and from military,
which respects the army and navy." " This term
Ys often employed in contrast with military, as, a
civil hospital; the civil service."
Civil List.—" In England, formerly a list of the
entire expenses of the civil government; hence
the officers of civil government, who are paid from
the public treasury; also, the revenue appropri-
ated to support the civil government."
Civil State.—"The whole body of the laity or
citizens not included under the military, maritime,
and ecclesiastical states."—Webster*
To say that aScnatoris notincfuded under this
comprehensive but distinctive term is simply an
absurdity.
It is evident that Congress adopted the words
of the statute because they were comprehensive
and distinctive. They obviously comprehended
all "officers" in the "public service," whether
" elected" like a Senator, or "appointed" like a
judge. But, beyond their plainness, these words
'had this added advantage, that already for more
than a generation they had received a practical
interpretation from Congress.
Here is the Blue Book, so familiar to our hands.
Its title-page begins as follows:
"Register of officers and agcntstcivil} military, and naval,
in Ihc service of (kc United States."
If we turn to the contents, we shall find in this
list members of Congress, including Senators and
Representatives, with the " officers and agents"
of the two Houses.
If we go back to the Blue Book for 1820, which
is now in my hands, we shall find the same title,
and the same enumeration of Senators and Rep-
resentatives.
Tins Blue Book is still published in pursuance
of a joint resolution by Congress, originally
adopted as long ago as ^7th April, 181G, with the
following title:
''Resolution reqnning the Secretary of State to compile
(lml pilnt, once in ovoty itvo yeais,« icgi$t<r of all
utul at'ciilt, avil, mihtaiy, ami naval, lit the seiviec oi the
United States.'5
If Senators can properly he included in such a
register, it is only as belonging lo the " civil de-
partment of the public setVK'e," which is pre-
cisely where they have been placed by the recent
act of Congress.
The only apology for the objection which has
been lugcd fiotn the beginning of this debate with
so much pertinacity, in founded on the ease of
Mr. Blount, the Senator expelled and afterwards
impeached, at fhe close of (lie last eeiHiuy. I
shall not take time to consider this ease. It has
already been amply done by others. On former
occasions 1 have done it at length. And yet I
will not iea\e it without protesting again that it
js "absolutely inapplicable to the piesent occasion.
If that case were out of the way, nobody would
have* thought of saying thata " Senatoi was not
an 11 officer m the civil depaitment of the public
service." Now, what did this case decide ' Let
another give the summary, i cjuote the winds
of Air. Wharton, in the notes to his edition of the
State Trials:
<l In a legal point of ricwvil! that tlusca>*e decides is that
a Senator ot the f'mted States, who lias been expelled tiom
lus seat, w not, yltei such e.\piil>ion, subject to impeach-
ment; and }><i!uips fiom this the bto.ulei |)!(i|hmuoii may
be drawn, that none at e liable to impeachment except ofh-
eer  ot the Government, in the technical seit-e, excluding
thereby members of the national Legislature.''—Page 'M',
note.
The case of Mr. Blount has no application to
the piesent question. It is not an interpretation
of the statute, and so far as it illustrates the Con-
stitution it simply concerns the liability to im-
peachment. But even this case has often been
drawn into doubt. And if we look into the pro-
ceedings of the time, we shall find that the decis-
ion, such as it was, encountered an able and earn-
est opposition.
Among those who took a distinguished part on
that occasion was James A. Bayard, of Dela-
ware, the eminent Representative who conducted
the impeachment as manager on the part of the
House of Representatives. In his effective argu-
ment on that occasion he has set forth the true
signification of the Constitution. From the argu-
ment of the Senator fiom Delaware [Mr. Bayard]
in the present debate 1 confidently appeal to that
of the earlier Mr. Bayard. Here is a passage:
"I have submitted, in the course of my argument, that
the sound piinciple of construction to he adopted in rela-
tion to the construction of an instrument having in view the
va«t object of settling the powers ot the Government and
the rights of the people, is to give it such an interpretation
as is. best calculated to give effect generally to ail its parts
according to its tiue design. If I am supported in this prin-
ciple I shall be able to show, by strong cases under the
Constitution, that it-? undeniable intention must be frus-
trated if a Senator be not considered an officer of the Uni-
ted States.
" X find it provided in the seventh clause of the third sec-
tion of the first article, that conviction on impeachment
disqualifies the party convicted fiom holding any office of
honor, trust, or profit under the United States. If a seat
m the Senate be not an office, the disqualification does not
extend to it. And yet can it reasonably be contended that
the policy which incapacitates a citizen, if convicted on
impeachment, fiom holdittcr an office the most mean and
humble, doesnot apply to the ease of a Senator? The wisdom
ot the Constitution, sir, has considered a conviction as an
evidence of mot a! unfitness lor public tiust. It can never
happen but m the case of a groat national-offense And shall
such an offender, degiaded from the capacity oteven being
doorkeeperof this Chamber, yet retain the capacity of being
a incmbci of a body of the most dignity, tru->t, and power
in the country ? This is a solecism iri politics, an absurd-
ity in reasonj which I trust this honoiable court will not
willingly by their act attach to an instrument so highly and
justly revered us the Constitution of our Government.
" I find alhoa provision in the seventh clause of the ninth
section of the first article, that ' no person holding arty of-
fice of profit oi tiuM under the United Statesman, without
the consent ol the Congress, accept of any present, emolu-
ment, office,or title of any kind whatevei, fiom any king,
pnuee, or torcign State.' 11 a senator holds no office of
profit or trust under the United States it is lawful lor him
to accept a pic.-ent, title, or office fiom auyking or foreign
State. Can it be possible that a public functionary, ot all
others the peculiar object of this jealous rcsiuction, is, in
fact, the -sole object of exemption limn its npcialiou ? Can
it be imagined that a Senator, upon whom the Constitution
has heaped the powers ami tiuMs ot legislator, judge, and
executive nvigi-aiate, is Hie <inly pcison who left ex-
posed to the .seductions of foieigu influence? It can never
be admitted that a situation which, iiom its Must and im-
poi tanee, most invite- con iipuon, i- lite only one \\ hieh the
Constitution ha- not guntded ng.uiiM If, sir, a Senatorbu
not an olhcet undei tins elan-e, it might happen that the
Senate ol the United Mates might become a House of
Lou!-, ft would be in the power ofauv king m Em ope to
change otir fiee Cowrntnent, and toeotiveitone branch,at
least, tiom a icpublieati into an aristocratic form. You
will not Hiilei au ensign In \ our Army to acccptthe humble
title of ehev.ihei. and yet you will allow an integral part of
the Government to be composed of carls and dukes. And
let me ptay the honorable eomt lo remember, at the same
tune, that the Con-titution ha- p>ovidi;d that a membei of
either Ilou.-e shall not be allowed to retain hi-> seal and
hold any commission, civil or militaiy, uudei the United
Slates, The Provident has no titles to grant, noi othcc<of
gieat emolument to confer; and yet the ob;i-te icpnblican-
isiu of the Cooj-titution will not allow a Senatoi to lee! the
influence of his patronage; and \ et. at the '•ante time, he
may Ian fully Ik1 the pen-ioner or the titiilai noble of a
foieimi Tower. Such a doctrine i- not simply absurd, but
tul'umely dan^erou-."
In view of these emphatic woids it is difficult
to see how any prison can insist that a "Sena-
tor" is not a " civil officer," even according tothe
text of the Constitution. Conceding to the judg-
ment on the tnal of impeachment all the author-
ity which can belong to it, you cannot properly
deduce from it any conclusion except thata Sen-
ator, already expelled, is nol a "civil officer" li-
able to impeachment. Nothing beyond this.
. Hut whatever may be the signification of this
1 word in the Constitution,even conceding all that
is claimed lor it there, the instance is entirely in-
applicable to the interpretation of the statute in
question. If there be any doubt on the Consti-
tution, there is none on the statute. The latter
is plain, and there are no associate words to in-
lei I oi e with its natural and unequivocal significa-
tion.
1 conclude this bianch of the subject as I began,
by putting aside ail irrelevant matter—all super-
numerary questions—all surplusage—all topics
which are not properly germane to this debate.
There is no question of the Constitution—no
question of ex post facto—but a simple question
on the meaning of a statute.
The oath has been prescribed by Congress. It
is too late to debate Us constitutionality thus in-
cidentally. It only remains for us to obey it;
promptly, swiftly, patriotically. The procrasti-
nation of this debate is of evil example to the
country. How can we expcct the alacrity of
loyalty among the people if the Senate hesitates?
But another objection to the proposed rule has
been brought forward by the Senator from Ver-
mont, [Mr. Foot.] According to him the statute
is obligatory, and the oath must be taken by Sen-
atois, but a rule requiring the oath is supeifluous
and without precedent. The argument of the
Senator is plausible, but it is answered by a simple
statement of facts, in which, as Presiding Officer
of the Senate, he bore a conspicuous part.
From this statement it will appear that the rule
o** some equivalent action of the Senate is not su-
perfluous. If it be without precedent itis because
the omission of the Chair has been without pre-
cedent. It appears from the Globe, which I have
before me, that on the 4th March, 1S63, the Sen-
ate was organized, in the absencc of the Vice
President, by the choice of Hon. Solomon^Foot,
of Vermont, as President pro tempore. The oath
to support the Constitution was administered to
him by Mr. Foster, of Connecticut, but the ad-
ditional oath was omitted. The President pro
tempore then proceeded to say:
" Senators elcct, and Senators whose term commences
under a reelection at this time,tuiM receive the oath of office
in the order in which their names will be called by the Sec-
rctary
The Secretary then called the names of a long
list of Senators, who came forward and took the
customary oath. But. the President pro tempore
did not oner to administer the additional oath;
nor, at the time of qualification, was anything
said with regard to it. After the conclusion of
the ceremony, the Senator from Illinois [Mr.
Trumbull] said:
"I desiie to call the attention of the President of the
Senate, and of the Senate itself, to an act of Congress ap-
proved 2d July, 1862."
And he proceeded to read this act, and said:
ci I do not know that any motion in regard to it is neces-
sary, fin titer than calling the attention of the Presiding Of-
ficer and of the Senate to the law."
The President pro tempore then said:
" The Chair presumes it is sufficient to calithe attention
of Senators to that duty, and that that duty will be per-
formed as icquired by law."
Nothing, however, was done by the Chair or
by Senators.
The next day, 5th March, two other Senators,
Mr. Hendricks and Mr. Spuacue, came forward
to be qualified. The Chair proceeded to admin-
ister to these Senators the usual oath to support
the Constitution, but did not administer the ad-
ditional oath,and these Senators took their seats.
Shortly afterwards, during the session of that day,
on a call of the yeas and nays, all these Sena-
tors were called, and answered to their names. It
was immediately after such a call, showing that
the statute had been disregarded, that I proposed
the rule which is now under discussion. It was
obvious that something must be done to obtain a
recognition of the statute in the Senate Chamber.
The Chair,which had administered theother oath,
had omitted to administer the additional oath.
It would be difficult to indicate any sufficient
reason lor the discrimination made by the Chair
between the two oaths. Each stood on the re-
quirement of a statute. On what principle was
one statute respected and the other neglected?
But without stopping to consider the identity of
obligation in the two cases, I content myself with
calling attention to the unquestionable fact, that
one statute was respected and the other was neg-
lected.
On the next day, 6th of March, Mr. Bayard,
of Delaware, who had been absent before, came
forward to be qualified. The Chair, as m the
other cases, administered the oath to support the
Constitution, but omitted the additional oath, and
Mr. Bayard took his seat. Afterwards, on this
day, I called up the proposed rule for considera-
tion, and I objected to an executive session until
the question of the rule was settled, as follows:
" Ilere is a statute of Congress, and the question is
whether the Senate is going to'set an example of obedi-
ence to it or of disobedience; that is all." * * * *
"It the Senate now choose to go into executive session they
choose to enter upon most impoitant duties m disregard of
an act of Congress which they have assisted in putting
upon the statute-book."
On coming outof executive session, which was
ordered, the Senate proceeded with the consider-
ation of the proposed rule. And here I will read,
with the permission of the Senate, the conclusion
of remarks which I made on that occasion:
"And now, sir, as 1 conclude, let mo say that I desiro
to take and subscribe the new oath in open Senate, that I
may, in all respects, qualify myself for the discharge of my
duties a^ a Senator. Otheis will do as they please, or as
the Senate shall require. Hut I hope that I may appeal to
