1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
products which they shall have produced with
theirown labor or the laborof freedmen or others
employed and paid by them, pursuant to rules
relating thereto, which may be established under
proper authority."
All sorts of agricultural products, cotton, sugar,
molasses, all the articles in which it is saidspec-
ulation has been indulged in to so great an extent,
can be brought in and sold. And then the amend-
ment goes on to provide:
And no goods, wares, or merchandise shall be taken
into a State declared in insurrection or transported therein
except to and from such places and to such monthly
amounts as shall, have bean previously agreed upon in
writing by the commanding general of the department in
which such places are situated and an officer designated
by the Secretary of the Treasuiy for that purpose.
They can take in anything, provided the officer
who is designated by the commanding general
and an agent of the Treasury Department shall
so determine. As I understand it, it only adds
another officer whose opinion and consent are to
be obtained to the present regulations on that
subject, to wit, a military officer. Now we have
the'agent of the Treasury Department. I do not
see that we are going to gain a great deal by the
adoption of the amendment.
My own impression is that either there should
be an absolute, unqualified, and unconditional
exclusion of trade, or else every man should be
permitted to trade who chooses to do so. I do
not believe in the theory of allowing trade to be
carried on under the direction of anybody; but
either have absolute, unqualified, unconditional
exclusion, an embargo, or else give everybody an
opportunity to trade as he sees fit.
Mr. CARLILE. "With the permission of the
Senator from Maine, I wish to offer a resolution
requesting the House of Representatives to return
House joint resolution No. 32, which passed the
Senate yesterday. It is the resolution granting
additional rooms to the Agricultural Department,
and I understand this morning that it takes rooms
that are occupied by the Land Office and are in-
dispensable. m
Mr. SHERMAN. The resolution passed the
House of Representatives early in the session af-
ter full debate. I object to the resolution.
The PRESIDEN'T pro tempore. It cannot be
received, objection being made.
Mr. SHERMAN. It has been fully consid-
ered by the proper committee of this body.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It cannot be
received, objection being made.
Mr. CARLILE. I am satisfied if the Senator
understands what would be the effect of the res-
olution he would not oppose giving me an op-
portunity to have the matter reconsidered.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It caijnot be
received without unanimous consent,'and is not
open to debate. The question is on the amend-
ment of the Senator from Maine.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I believe 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
must call up the special order of the day, which
is the'unfinished business of yesterday.
Mr. SUMNER. Allow me to ask whether
thatconies up at twelve or atone o'clock.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. At twelve
o'clock, after the morning hour.
Mr. MORRILL. I hope it will be laid aside.
Mr. SUMNER. I have no objection to its
being informally passed over.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Senate bill
No. 232 will be proceeded with, if there be no ob-
jection. The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. MORRILL. I shou.14 like to inquire
whether the first amendment to this bill as re-
ported by the committee—it was to strike out the
fust section,—has been acted on.
The PRESIDENT^ro tempore. Alltheamend-
ments have been acted on.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to move a reconsid-
eration of the vote. _
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will suggest that it will be open when the bill
comes into the Senate, and the question will then
be aarain taken. .
Mr. MORRILL. Very well, then let the bill
be reported.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does any
Senator desire a separate vote on any amendment
mcde ps in committee?
Mr. SUMNER. I wish to call the attention
of the Senator from Maine for one moment to
the amendment to the first three sections. I wish
to know whether those have been struck out.
Mr. MORRILL. I will state to the Senator
that they were stricken out in Committee of the
Whole. I wish to state to the Senate the position
of those sections. Those three sections which
were stricken out on an amendment proposed by
the Committee on Commerce relate to the man-
agement of abandoned plantations. When the
Committee on Commerce had this bill under con-
sideration it was known that that subject had been
confided to a special committee of the Senate who
had reported upon the subject. It being under the
consideration of another committee, the Commit-
tee on Commerce, to whom this bill had been com-
mitted, considered that it more p.roperly belonged
to that committee, and for that reason they were
of opinion that they had better amend the bill in
this way. But now, since it is pretty obvious from
the discussions of yesterday, and the near ap-
proach of the end of the session, that no provis-
ion at all is likely to be made in that direction, I
think a majority of the committee, and I do not
know but all of them, would fael that if no other
provision of law is to be made at this session of
Congress it would be well to retain these three
sections. As the matter now stands, there is no
law upon the subject; the whole matter of freed-
men and the supervision of abandoned plantations
and property in that region of the country is con-
ducted upon a joint order of the War and Navy
Departments; and the wholebusiness of conduct-
ing that branch of enterprise in the insurrection-
ary States rests entirely on the orders of the Sec-
retary of War and regulations based thereon by
the Secretary of the Treasury. That is imposing
a responsibility on these Departments which they
ought not to be compelled to bear; and perhaps it
is a responsibility which the Senate of the United
States ought not to be willing that they should
assume. I think it is a justice to these Depart-
ments that there should be a statute upon^which
their authority should rest; and I do not think the
state of things existing in the insurrectionary dis-
tricts is one that the Senate of the United States
can afford to put aside. It is upon us. The care
of these freedmen and the care of these planta-
tionssnd this property are really upon theGovern-
tnent of the country to a greater or loss extent;
and being so, it seems to me that it ought to rest
upon a statute of the United States, and not upon
the orders of any Department. These provisions
are very general in their character. These three
sections follow in effect the orders of the War and
Navy Departments and the regulations of the
Treasury which exist at the present time, leaving
the care and management just where the War,
Navy, and Treasury Depaitments together have
chosen to put it. I therefore suggest that the
Senate non-concur in this amendment.
The PRESIDENTprofempors. Does the Sen-
ator desire a separate vote on that amendment?
Mr. MORRILL. I desire a separate vote on
the amendment striking out the first three sections
of the bill, and also on the amendment striking
out the eighth section.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I want a separate
vote on the amendment opening up trade m spe-
cified cases.
Mr. MORRILL. That is the amendment to
the sixth section.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on concurring m all the amendments made as
in Committee of the Whole, except those which
have been reserved for a separate vote.
The amendments were concurred in.
The first excepted amendment was to strike out
the first three sections of the bill, as follows:
That sales of captured and abandoned property under the
act approved March 12, 1KG3, may be made at such placcs
in States declared m insurrection as may be designated by
the Secretaiy of the Ttcasury, as well as* at other places
now authorized by said act. tA, A
Sec. 2. Jlnd he it further cnactcd, 1 hat in addition to the
captured and abandoned propeity to he received, collected,
and disposed of, as ptovjded m said act, the said agents
Flhill take charge of atul lea^e i'>r periods not exceeding
twelve months the abandoned hind*, houses, and tene-
ments within the di->tiicts therein named, and .shall also
provide, in such leases or otherwise, for the employment
and general welfaie oi ail persons within the lines of na-
tional military occupation within taid insurrectionary
States formerly held as slaves, who are or shall become
free. Ptoperty, real or personal, shall be regarded as aban-
doned when the lawful owner {hereof e*haH be voluntarily
absent therefrom, and engaged, either in arms or otherwise,
in aiding or encouraging the rebellion.'
Sec. 3. -And be it further cnacted, That alt moneys aris-
ing from the leasing of abandoned lands, houses, and tene-
ments, or from sales of captured and abandoned property
collected and sold in pursuance of said act-or of this act,
or from fees collected under therales and regulations made
by the Secretary of the Treasury, and approved by the
President, dated respectively the 28th day. of August. 1862,
the 3Lst day of March and the 11th day of September, 1863,
or under any amendments or modifications thereof, which
have been or shall be made by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury and approved by the President, for conducting the com-
mercial intercourse which has been, or shall be, licensed
and permitted by the President, with and in States de-
clared in insurrection, shall, after satisfying therefrom ail
proper and necessary expenses to be approved by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, be paid into the Treasury of the
United States; and all accounts of moneys received or ex-
pended in connection therewith shall be audited by the
proper accounting officers of the Treasury.
The amendment was not concurred in.
The next amendment was to strike out the
eighth section, in the following words:
Sec. 8. And he U further enaetei, That it shall be law-
ful for the Secretary of the Treasury, with tho approval of
the President, to authorize agents to purehase for the United
States any products of States declared in insurrection, at
such places therein as shall be designated by him, at such
prices as shall be agreed oil with the seller, not exceeding
the market value thereof at the place of delivery, nor ex-
ceeding three fourths of the market value thereof in the
city of New York at the latest quotations known to the
agent purchasing: Provided, That no part of the purchase
money for any products so purchased shall be paid, or
agreed to be paid, out of any other fund than that arising
from property sold as captured or abandoned, or purchased
and sold under the provisions of this act. All property so
purchased shall he forwarded for sale at such place or
placesas shall he designated by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, and the moneys arising therefrom, afterpayment of
the purchase money and the other expenses connected
therewith, shall be paid into the Treasury of the United
States; and the accounts of all moneys so received and
paid shall be rendered to and audited by the proper ac-
counting officers of the Treasury.
The amendment was not concurred in.
The next excepted amendment was at the close
of section six to strike out the words "is hereby
repealed" and insert:
Except so far as may be necessary to authorize supplying
the necessities of loyal persons residing in insurrectionary
States within the lines of actual occupation by the mili-
tary forces of the United States, as indicated by published
order of the commanding general of the department or dis-
trict so occupied ; and, also, except so liiras may be neces-
sary to authorize persons residing within such lines to
bring or send to maiHetin the loyal States any products
which they shall have produced with their own labor
or the labor of freedmen or others employed and paid by
them, pursuant to rules relating thereto, which may be es-
tablished under proper authority. And no goods, wares, or
merchandise shall he taken into a State declared in insin*
rectton or transported therein exccpt to and from such
places and tosuch monthly amounts as shall have been pre-
viously agreed upon in writing by the commanding gen-
eral of the department in which such placcs ore situated
and an officer designated by the Secretary of the Tieasury
for that puipose.
The amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and \^as read the third time.
Mr. HENDERSON. I ask the Senator from
Maine if the eighth section is now retained in the
bill ?
Mr. MORRTLL. It is.
Mr. BROWN. I call for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas-27,nays 14; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Clark, CoNamer,
Doolittle, Foot, Foster, Hale, Harlan, Harris, Hicks, How-
ard, Howe, Lane of Tndiana, Lane of Kansas, Morrill,
Pomeroy, Kamsey, Sheiman, Sprague, Sumner, urumbulj,
Van Winkle, Wade, Wilkinson, Willey, and VVilson—2/.
jg-AYS — Messrs. Brown, Buckaiew, Oarhle, Cowan,
Davis, Grimes, Henderson, McDougaU, Morgan, Ncsnuth,
Powell, Riddle, Saulsbury, and Ten Eyck~14.
ABSENT—Messrs. Conness, Dixon, tessenden, Hard-
ing, Hendiieks, Johnson, Richardson, and Wright—8.
So the bill was passed.
ARMY NEWS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate the following communication from the
War Department:
Washington, June 98.
A dispatch from General Grant, dated yesterday, tire
27th, at 3.30 p. m., at bis headquarters, reports no opera-
tions in trout, except from our own guus, which fire into
the bridge at Petersbuig from a distance of two thousand
^Tlie dispatch gives the following' intelligence from the
^AmKuig CI.of tlre ojthstatos that. HuiUertestrlk-
ing for Jackson uver depot, about lorty mile-, north ol j-a-
lem,and says that if lie readies Covington, which they
FU|iposo he will, with most of his force?, hut with io.-,s of
material, he will he sate-
