2350
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
eternal anti-slavery ordinance upon all the terri-
tory that we should acquire, what was the answer
of Mr. Webster, wffit was the answer of the pol-
iticians of that school, what was the answer of
the trailing politicians of both parties? It was
that it was unnecessary, that there were no slaves
there, that they could not go there. Nay, sir,
Mr. Webster, in his great zeal, said that it was
written by tho law of God on the face of the coun-
try that no slaves could go there, and he did not
want to reenact the law of God, and would not
insult the understanding by proposing it, because
there was not a colored man there. That was the
very reason that made the measure practical and
wise. It was the reason that demanded it. It
was a virgin territory, uncontaminated by the foot
of a slave, just as it came from the hand of the
Almighty, the home where the childien of His
love were to find rest and peace, and where by
culture they were to earn iheir daily bread ; and it
was the part of wisdom, of piety, and of patriot-
ism to consecrate it to the great purposes of five
government and of freedom, so that the coming
generations as they came successively upon the
stage of being might find their residence there un-
contaminated and unhindered by the introduction
of shivery upon that soil. Just exactly what ihe
country presented at that time that called for the
Wilmot proviso does this Territory of Montana
present now. It is uncontaminated by the foot
of a slave; and we ask that when this General
Government first propose to give it a local govern-
ment, it shall not by this edict educate the people
who are to go there to an inhuman and unchris-
tian prejudice.
Gentlemen say it is not practical. Why, sir,
it is the most practical measure before the coun-
try. It is eminently practical, and it can be car-
ried out without injuring the property of any-
body. Upon thissubjectl standcommitted; but
I said, and I say again, that I am not going to
commit myself to the future. I do not know but
that coming events may throw new lights on these
questions. It is sufficient for me that I meet each
question as it comes, with the light which God
gives me. Years ago, when a seat in Congress
looked to me infinitely mine valuable than itdoes
now, 1 sacrificed my place in Congress and my
connection with my political party to follow out
a conviction which 1 entertained on this subject.
I may do the same thing again.
But, Mr. President, 1 stand now where I stood
then. I saw the slave power ruling this country,
and ruling it with a rod of iron. They ruled New
Hampshire no less than South Carolina, through
the organism of the. Democratic, party. The first
time 1 ever had a seat on the floor of Congiess m
the other House some twenty years ago, 1 was
told as a flattering compliment from some of" our
southern brethren" that they looked upon New
Hampshire as the South Carolina of the North.
1 hat was the way the country was luled; but
when they proposed to devote all the energies of
this nation not only to the fostering and the sus-
tentation and tin; perpetuity and the eternity of
human bondage, but when they sought to wolate
treaties, to make unjust war, to roach robber
hands to steal other territory solely for the pur-
pose of extending and perpetuating slavery, I
then broke with the party that I had belonged to,
and they broke with me, and it is an unsettled
question whether they turned me out or! turned
Vxri™ °Ut' nau£^lter>} ^ut we got apait, anyhow.
Whenever my convictions or my fancies, or what-
ever they may be, shall call me to take a course
different from that of the party with which J am
associated—though I am an old man now and I
was a young man then—it will not cost me half
the effort to sacrifice myself now that it did then.
But, sir, I am wandering from the subject. I
do not wish to pledge myself to tho future; but
on this subject 1 am perfectly clear. I am clear
or. principle; I am clear on expediency; I am
c.ear on etferv consideration that twin >,,1,1,-,
May 19,
. i > \jh y , x cmi
c.ear on etfery consideration that can address H-
self to me except a sort of kind consideration
that I should have for the disappointment ofthose
who are waiting to fill these offices. Let not the
Senator reproach me that the main question in
regard to this bill is settled. Mr. President, it
sometimes happens that when it is supposed an
issue is closed by the craft of man, it is opened
again by the providence of God. Those who
think they have closed this matter up and have
got the judgment of both Houses of Congress
that this new government shall be established,
by a disagreement between themselves cannot
settle it, and thus Providence presents tho ques-
tion anew to us; and does the Senator mean to
say that we shall not meet it? As well might
the Senator tell me that if I had been robbed on
the highway by parties who had got my prop-
erty and were quarreling about how they should
dispose of it, I could not retake it; that if owing
to a difficulty between the captors they did not
know exactly how to dispose of it, the rightful
owner had no power over the question again; it
was settled. It may be settled in form. Inspirit,
in fact, in truth it is open, because, as the Sena-
tor from Maine himself at first well said, if the
Senate did not recede, the bill was gone. Then
I propose to let the bill go, by not receding; and
that is a legitimate way, a fair way; but I will
not occupy the time of the Senate.
Mr. NESMITH. I trust the Senate will not
concur with the Senator from New Hampshire,
and allow the bill to he loston a mere abstraction.
It is very well understood that there are no ne-
groes in the Territory of Montana, and even if
thei e were there is no parallel between the amend-
ment proposed to the present bill and the great
principle involved in the ordinance of 1787, which
we have heard from the Senator from New Hamp-
shire was made perpetual. The bill itself per-
mits the first Legislature to fix the terms of suf-
frage of inhabitants there, and the probability is
that they will determine the question as it has
been determined by the committee of conference.
At most, even if the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Minnesota [Mr. Wilkinson] should
be insisted on and concurred in by the House of
Representatives, the system provided for by it
probably would not last more than six months
tn the Territory.
I have no particular sentimentality on this sub-
ject so far as the negro is concerned; but 1 do take
some interest in the white men who are there.
There are probably to-day m the Territory of
Idaho (of which Montana is a part, and which is
proposed to be divided by this bill) about sixty
thousand white persons, most of them adults.
The census taken by the marshal last October
showed that theie were then thirty-four thousand
people there; and, judging from the emigration
which has since gone there from both sides of the
continent, I .am ot opinion that there are"*sixty or
seventy thousand people there to-day. The ob-
ject to be accomplished by the division is not, as
suggested the Senator from New Hampshire,
to procure olfio.es for certain individuals wlio are
there or who are here, though that will probably
bo one result; but the object is to give good gov-
ernment to sixty or seventy thousand of our peo-
ple who are now in the Rocky mountains, and
who tiro entirely destitute and deprived of gov-
ernment by reason of the present condition and
organization of the .Territory. The Territory of
Idaho is peculiarly situated. The western por-
tion of it is susceptible of settlement; and there
are rich mines there, there are heavy settlements
there now. The sent of government is on the im-
mediate western border of the Territory, which
is more than a thousand miles in extent from east
to west. The Rocky mountains range near the
center and so divide Ihe Territory as to leave an
intervening space of three or four hundred miles
without any settlement. Then there are large
settlements in the eastern poitions. The conse-
quence is that the western settlements and the
eastern settlements are divided by an intervening
district of mountainous country of nearly four
hundred miles, which for at least one half of the J
year is practically impassable. I say, then, that ■
on whichever side of the mountain you place the
seat of government you divide the people almost
equally by this almost impassable barrier; and I
think it is to the interest of the white men there,
of the men who are citizens there and who are
miners there, that this division should be made.
I believe, furthermore, that the division will be
for the interest of the Government. You propose
to levy a tax on the mining business of that coun-
try. It will be difficult, with the seat of govern-
ment in one end of the Territory a thousand miles
from the other extreme, to enforce your law, to
have your courts organized, and to take the proper
steps which will be essential for the securing and
collection of the Government revenue in that vast
district. The Territory to-day is about five or
six times as large as the State of New York, to
say nothing about the natural obstacles which
prevent communication between the eastern and
western portions of it; and as I stated before, for
the interest of the white men who are there now,
and are without government, I am in favor of the
passage of the bill. I should have cared but little
whether the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Minnesota prevailed or not, as I knew it
could possibly have no practical effect there. Be-
fore a negro would ever be there to vote, the
Legislature would have met and would have
changed the qualification of voters as fixed by
this bill, and have probably confined the exercise
of the elective franchise to white men. These are
the reasons which induce me to vote for the re-
port of the committee of conference.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not rise to occupy the
Senate on the subject of this bill further than to
say that I shall vote for the report of the commit-
tee with a great deal of pleasure. I think we are
merely spending time uselessly in protracting a
discussion on a subject of that kind, and I give
notice that at the earliest possible moment I shall
again call up my Pacific railroad bill for the pur-
pose of passing that. It is now the special order
of the day, and all of this discussion has been
really a consumption of time which belonged to'
that far more important bill.
Mr. MORRILL. I hope the Senator will allow
us to take the vote on this report.
Mr. HOWARD. Certainly. I merely made
the suggestion for the information of the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from Oregon
seems to have misunderstood the ordinance for
the organization of the Northwest Territory. I f
he looks to that, he will find that that contained
no discrimination of color. I have it before me
Mr. NESMITH. Will the''Senator excuse me?
I did not speak of it in refeience to that. 1 spoke
of the ordinance of 1787 as a perpetual ordinance
and beyond the power of any territorial Legisla-
ture to repeal, change, or modify. I spoke of
the pending bill, which defines the qualifications
of voters in the proposed Territory , as one which
was within the control of the Legislature of the
Territory, and therefore I said there was no anal-
ogy. I said nothing about the ordinance having
any reference to color.
Mr. SUMNER. Then I misunderstood the
Senator entirely; but as I have the ordinance in
my hand, I will call the attention of the Senate
to tho clause applicable to this subject:
" So soon as there shall be five thousand free mate inhab-
itants of full age in tiie district, upon giving proof thereof
to the Governor they shall icceive authority, with time
unit place, to elect leprosentatives from then eountio-or
townships to lepresent the'm in the General Assembly, &.o.
It will be observed, therefore, that in this or-
dinance to which we so often refer as a com-
manding authority there is no discrimination of
color. Now I ask if this is not a good prece-
dent? It was applicable to a vast unsettled Ter-
ritory, precisely like the present bill. Senators
may say that our fathers in the ordinance were not
practical. I am not of that number. Senators
may say that our fathers in the Declaration of
Independence were not practical. I am not of"
that number. Senators may say that our fathers
in the Constitution of the United States, which
contains no discrimination of color, were not
practical. I am not of that number. Sir, I be-
lieve that the authors of this ordinance and also
the authors of the Declaration of Independence,
and of the Constitution of the United States,
were eminently practical when they excluded
from all of those instruments any discrimination
of color. But it is said that there are no persons
in the new Territory to whom this principle is
now applicable. This can make no difference.
It is something to declare a principle, and I have
no hesitation in saying that at this moment the
principle is much more important than the bill.
The bill may be"postponed; but the principle
must not be postponed,
Mr. MORRILL. I will suggest to the Senator
if he will permit me—[Mr. Sumner. Certain-
ly.]—that the statement I made about its appli-
cability was this: it is not by possibility appli-
cable to any man of African descent. There are
■ some five or six thousand Indians to whom a bill
I in general phrase without limitation of" white"
; might possibly apply; 1 do not say that it would
i apply to them in tins case.
