1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
United Slates" shall take the oath. Now, what
did Mr.-Bayard think, if we are to be governed
by his authority, was the meaning of the words
"under the Government of the United States"as
applied to a Senator or a Representative? In his
view was a Senator an officer under the Govern-
ment of the United States? Let him speak for
himself:
"There is another objection," says Mr. Bay-
ard—I read from his speech on that impeach-
ment—
"There is another objection of a similar nature, arising
from the provision in the sixth section ofthe first artieJe, of
which it is probable much use will be made. Thatsection
declares that .no -person holding an office under the United
States shall be a member of cither House during his contin-
uance in ojficc. ft will, therefore, be said, if the place ot a
Senator is an office, Hits clime ib lepujruiintaml absurd.
" This provision, I humbly apprehend, has the same lim-
its with the one winch I have just adverted to. The inten-
tion of it was to erect a harrier between the executive and
legislative departments, to pievcnt executive patronage
from influencing legislative councils. It was designed,
therefore, to apply solely to the officers of executive ap-
pointment. I am not much disposed, sir, to place leliance,
m au argument upon so great a subject, upon nice distinc-
tions or verbal criticism ; but I tiiink 1 shall be excused for
paying some attention to the peculiar language of the clause
in question. The regulation is that no person holding an
olfice under the United States shall be a member of either
House during his continuance in office. The United States
here means the Government of the United Slates, for the
United Slates grants no office but through the Government.
Ko'.v, it is clear that a Senator is not an officer under the
Government. The Government consists of the President,
the Senate, and House of Representatives, aad they who
constitute tile Government cannot be said to be undei it."
In anticipation, therefore, Mr. President, as
yourself and the Senators will discover, as far as
the critical meaning 01 the terms to be found in this
act is involved, the authority of Mr Bayard is
directly in conflict with the opinion so confidently
expressed by the Senator from Massachusetts
upon his authority.
Butaword more. The honorable member from
Ohio [Mr. Sherman] suggests—and I have no
doubt he is right provided the law applfes to Sen-
ators—that it is unnecessary to adopt the rule pro-
vided the end can be accomplished without it, and
that the end can be accomplished by some one's
moving, and the Senate's supporting the objec-
tion, that the Senator from Delaware, the only
Senator, I believe, who has not taken this oath,
when his name is called shall not be recognized.
I have no doubt that the honorable member from
Ohio is right. You have the same power over a
Senator who refuses to take this oath that you
would have over a Senator who refused to take
the constitutional oath; and what power is that?
Not to recognize him; to say that he is not qual-
ified. If, therefore, in point of law, the passage
of the act of July 2, 18G2, was a constitutional
exercise of power on the part of the legislature,
and binds Senators as well as all other officers of
the Government, then his refusing to take the oath
renders him subject precisely to the same treatment
to which he would have been subject or would be
subject now if he refused to take the oath pre-
scribed by the Constitution. Therefore, those of
the body who, very honestly I doubt not, enter-
tain the opinion thata Senator is included within
the meaning of that act, (the member from Ohio,
as he says, being one of them,) need no rule ex-
cept for the purpose suggested by my friend from
Vermont to which I shall refer in a moment—they
need no rule to enforce the object of that statute
The object is, and such are the words if it applies
to a Senator, that no Senator shall act at all until
he takes the oath. If he declines to take that oath,
then you tell him he cannot act; and if he per-
versely insists upon acting, what are you to do?
Call your Sergeant-at-Arms to turn him out of
the Chamber. 1 admit that, and let us see where
that will place us.
The Constitution says that every Senator and
member of the House of Representatives " shall
be bound by oath or affirmation to support this
Constitution." That is all it requires. Mr.
Bayahii is here; he lias taken the oath to support
the Constitution. The honorable member from
Vermont is clearly right in saying that the direc-
tion in the clause which I havejust read that the
oath to support the Constitution shall be taken,
not prescribing the exact form of the oath, not
pointing out the party by whom the oath shall
be iuSm'inistined, or the place in which it shall be
adimnistried—these were all subjects for legisla-
tion; and Coi.gr<33 under that impression—no
doubt conioiy under that impreesiotv—passed
the act of 17S9; but even that act, strange as it
may seem, was supposed at the time to be un-
constitutional, as my friend from Vermont will
discover if he reads the debates of that day.
Well, now, Mr. President, Mr. Batakb has
taken that oath—I name him, although it is not
strictly parliamentary to do so; he is here with
the commission of his State in his hand. He says
he is a Senator. Looking to the Constitution,
and looking to that alone, he is a Senator. He
has done everything with reference to an oath
that the framers of the Constitution thought to be
necessary, and he has taken the oath prescribed,
and precisely as prescribed, in the form which
the framers of the Constitution, who for the most
part constituted the Congress that passed the act
of!789, thought proper to prescribe. Suppose you
had not passed this act of July 3,1862; or suppose
the act is inoperative without a rule, and you have
not passed the rule, how are you to get rid of
him? Only by expelling him. There is no other
way. There are but two ways of getting rid of
a Senator—one of them doubtful, and not exist-
ing, provided Blount's case is considered as an
authority, and a conclusive authority; and the
other is by expelling, under the authority given
in the Constitution to each body to expel a mem-
ber. How are you to expel him ?
There were wise men, Mr. President, who
lived in that day. My friend, the Senator from
Vermont, has told us—and to a certain extent,
no doubt, he is right—that there is perhaps
throughout the country now as much general in-
telligenfce as there was then; there may not be as
many great men as lived in those days, though
some of us do not think that; but, sir, the Sen-
ator from Vermont is not to be told that public
opinion in every age of the civilized world has
been fashioned into all that is great and noble and
virtuous by the great men of the day, those high
intellects that are the first to catch and reflect the
dawn while the levels below are still in darkness.
The illumination comes, but it comes by the re-
flection; and I believe, as firmly as I believe in
my own existence, that if it had not been that
some of those towering intellects were to be found
among the members of the Convention by whom
this Constitution was submitted to the American
people, it never would have been submitted.
They rose above party; they rose above section;
they looked to the country at large; they recol-
lected how they had all gone through the terrors
of the revolutionary struggle shoulder to shoul-
der, their blood commingling together upon al-
most every battle-field, and they determined that
liberty so achieved should not be lost by stub-
born adherence to individual or sectional opinion.
I am sure the same patriotism animates us; and
1 trust in God the time is still when, under the
inspiration of the patriotism that they taught us,
we will show to the public whom we are equally-
bound to represent, that in our hands the desti-
nies of the country are as -safe as they were in the
hands of the men of 1789. But they saw, and
every age that we have lived since whenever
party excitement has been raging has shown that
they correctly foresaw, the great necessity of
gua'rding the legislature and every member of
the legislature against the deleterious influence
of such excitement, which is sure from its very
nature to be carried to an extreme; and they
therefore provided that no Senator or Represent-
ative should be expelled by a vote of less than
two thirds. Now, whatyou about to do?
You are about to break down thatguarantee of the
independence of the legislature; you are about
to submit this Senate above all to the influence of
the passions of the hour, in every republic known,
in the history of every people whose history we
have, so great sometimes as to deaden reason and
often to lead to bloodshed and slaughter. Now,
what are you about to do? Our fathers told us
that every Senator who takes the oath to support
the Constitution shall have his seat secured in
this body against the power of the body, to get
rid of him, by the security furnished by the pro-
vision that he shall remain here unless two thirds
of the body expel him.
My friend from Vermont, he from Massachu-
setts, and one whom I hold in equal esteem, the
honorable member from Michigan, [Mr. How-
aud,] talked about an unwillingness to receive
back into this body men who have crimsoned their
hands with the blood of the loyal fcitizens. My
honorable friend from Michigan, acting under the
impulse of patriotism, which ,ia,*a part of his own
nature, intimated that be would .see every dollar
of the treasure of the loyal .States expended and
every human life sacrificed rather than come into
association with men of that description. , Mr.
President, patriotism may run wild, as well as
every other virtue. To be beneficial, it must.he
restrained; it must try to restrain itself; ifcJBBSt
be taught by its cooler judgment; and I put it to
the humane heart of the honorable member.from
Michigan, to which 1 know an appeal never can
be made in vain, if he would really aacrifice the
interest of the loyal States, the safety of the-loyal
States, the peace of the loyal States, their repu-
tation in the eyes of Christendom, by making this
a war of subjugation or annihilation, t am sure
he would not in his cooler moments. If the South
is willing to return—I do not mean the leaders; if
captured they should be tried and convicted, and
execution should follow to a large extent; but you
cannot try and convict and execute four or five«r
six million people. Tnat is impossible; and if
you could do it who would be left? The white
race in the southern States annihilated; the slaves
alone protected; a nation of Africans instead of a
nation of white men! I wish not to be misunder-
stood. If necessary to putdown the rebellion, to
reinstate the authority of the Government, I would
go as far as he who is disposed to go-farthest, and
say that anything and everything- must be at-
tempted that proves to be necessary; but in my
humble judgment that" is not the condition in
which, as I think, we are now involved.
Mr. President,- there is another view. I sup-
pose every one will admit who looks to the lan-
guage of the Constitution that the framers of the
Constitution intended—1 put it to my friend from
Vermont—to exact the same security of officers
of the State governments that they deemed it
necessary to exact of officers of their own Gov-
ernment. They believed that the oath which they
prescribed was necessary; and they believed, as
1 think, thatitwas the only oath necessary. One
thing is certain: no one can deny that whether
they deemed it proper to exact any other form of
oath than that which is contained in the clause
which I have just read, they thought that the
same oath which was deemed necessary to insure
a faithful execution of the post of Senator or ftep-
resentative should be taken by every representa-
tive in a State Legislature. Read the language:
"The Senators and Representatives before men-
tioned, and the members of the several State Le-
gislatures, and all executive and judicial officers,
both of the United States and of the several States,
shall be bound by oath or affirmation, to support
this Constitution."
Now, will anybody pretend that the act of July
2, 1862, includes members of the State Legisla-
tures and State judicial officers? Will anybody
pretend that it could constitutionally include them ?
If not, then we are certainly in a condition that
the framers of the Constitution never contem-
plated. They evidently looked to the necessity
of having one form of oath binding the consciences
of members of the State Legislatures and judicial
officers by the same obligations as they deemed it
necessary to impose upon members of Congress
of either branch, and for very good reasons. From
the peculiar frame of the Government, the large
mass of powers was necessarily left with the
States. Almostall the transactions of private life
were left to the States. Inhibitions were placed
upon the Congress of the United States to inter-
fere at all with the legislation of the States in some
particulars. But they saw very well that unless
they could secure the conscience of the State le-
gislators and State judicial officers in the same way
in which they could secure or profess to secure
the consciences of their own officers, there would
not be harmony. They were wise enough to see,
what experience has proved, that difficulties, con-
trarieties of opinion, conflicts of authority were
sure to be the result of the State governments and
the Government of the United States; and they
therefore bound the officers of the State govern-
ments to take that oath; and they reserved to
themselves, as has long since been settled, the
' ' all questions in-
ipon
right by legislation to bring up all questions
volving the authority of the United States, u
vu«vuze mo aumul'ity wiv w...-- — * ,
j which the judicial opinions of the State courts hau
] been passed, to the Supreme Court of the united
I Stated in order to require uniformity and to pro*
