1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2851
Mr. SUMNER. Still the whole subject-matter
of this clause is not Indians, but it is the well-
known African race of this continent; and it is
proposed by special words, wrapped up in aclause
borrowed from another bilL, to exclude them from
the right of suffrage m this Territory; and the
whole argument for this injustice, as my friend
from New Hampshire lias so ably stated, is only
a reproduction of that well-known ancient argu-
ment for slavery in the Territories. How often
were we in those days compelled to encounter the
charge that we were not practical, that we were
' urging a prohibition when there was no occasion
for it. For myself, I believe you cannot toooften
assert a prohibition of slavery, nor too often as-
sert human rights wherever they may be called
in question; and especially do I believe in the im-
portance of such assertion when you are laying
the foundations of a new community. "Justas
the twig is bent the tree's inclined." Those ate
familiar words of our childhood. Does my ft iend
from Maine wish that the tree that he plants shall
grow up with a generous and protecting shelter
for all mankind, or that it shall be the bent and
crabbed productof unhappy prejudicesgenerated
by slavery? I know my friend means no such
thing; but I do insist that the policy that he now
recommends tends to this fatal end. For myself,
sir, I am satisfied with the Declaration of Inde-
pendence. I am satisfied with the Constitution
of the United States on this tmpot tant subject;
and on this question and on all kindred questions
I adopt the language of our lieutenant general in
thefield, " I will fight on this line to the end, even
if it takes all summer." There is no line which
is better than that of human rights. While fight-
ing on that line I cannot eir. There is no perti-
nacity which can be too great. There is no ardor
which is not respectable. I thank General Grant
for these words. They express his own steadfast
purpose; and we all thank him. But each m his
spheie may make them his own. I make them
mine wherever human rights are in question.
Mr. SAULSBURY. It is very seldom,as the
Senate and the country know, that I speak on a
subject of this character, and theiefore I apolo-
gize for saying a word on the present occasion.
1 think we have had enough of the negro to-day
for all the members of the Senate who wish to
transact the legitimate business of the public. 1
therefore move that the Senate do now adjourn.
- The motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
The question being taken by yeas and nays
upon concurring in the report of the committee
of conference, resulted—yeas 2G, nays 13; as
follows:
YF,AS—Messrs. Ruokalew. Cnrlile, CoMamer, Cowan,
Davis, Doolittle, Foot, Foster, [larding, Harris, Henderson,
Hendiicks, Howard, Johnson, Lane of Indiana, Moriill,
Ncsmith, Powell, Ramsey, Saulsbury, Ten I^yek, Trum-
bull, Van Winkle, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wiliey—26.
NAYS—-Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Clark, Dixon,
Giimes, Hale, Harlan, Lane oi Kansas, Morgan, I'omeroy,
Spragup, Sumner, and Wilson—13.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Connoss, Fesst-nden, Hicks,
Howe, MeDougall, Kichaidson, Kiddie, Sherman, and
Wright—10.
So the report was concurred in.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. FESSENDEN, from the committccofcon-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the t^o Houses
on the bill (H.R.No. 198) makinjg appropriations
for the support of the Army for the year ending
the 30th June, I860, reported that the committee
of conference, having met, after full and free con-
feienee had been unable to agree.
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, it was
Jlewlretl, That the Senate timber insist upon its amend-
ment to the bill (H. It. No. 198) disagreed to by the House
of Representatives, in-ist upon its disagreement to the
amendments of the House to the seventh and eighth amend-
ments of tho Senate to the said bill, and a-sk a fuither con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the conleiees on the part of the Senate be
appointed by the President pio tempore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed Mr.
CoLLAMEit, Mr. Grimes, and Mr. Nesmith.
COMMITTEE SERVICE.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the Senator from Wisconsin [Mr.
Howe] was excused by the Senate from service
upon the-Committee on Finance, and if it is the
pleasure of the Senate I should like to have the
vote reconsidered and then let it lie over, and I
will explain my reasons at another time.
Mr. HOWE. If the Senator's motion is en-
tered I hope it will not be acted on now.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well; I will enter the
motion and let it pass over, and I will explain to
the Senate hereafter my reasons for moving the
reconsideration.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
to reconsider will be entered.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
132) to amend an act entitled "An act to aid in
the construction of a railroad and telegraph line
from the Missouri river to the Pacific ocean, and to
secure to the Government the use of the same for
postal, military, and other purposes," approved
July 1, 1862; the pending question being on the
motion of Mr. Trumbull to amend the amend-
ment of the committee by striking out in the first
section, lines thirty-two to thirty-six, the follow-
ing words:
And two thousand shares shall be the greatest amount
which any one person may hereafter subscribe for or hold
at any time, or for which certificates of shares shall in any
case be issued or recognized by said company.
Mr: HOWARD. I wish to make a formal
amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection to the
chairman getting through with his formal amend-
ments before mine is acted on.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Illinois withdraws his amendment.
Mr. HOWARD. On page thirty-two, line
fifty-four, of section thirteen, 1 move to strike out
the words u of which this is an amendment," and
change the word c< the" into "this" before "act,"
so that if will read:
The said Kansas company shall complete and equip not
less than one hundred miles of its said railroad and tele-
giaph witiiin two years from the time 01 filing their assent
to the piovisions of this act, See.
The amendmentto theamendment was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I now renew my amend-
ment to strike out in the first section, line thirty-
two, after the word " act" the words, "and two
thousand shares shall be the greatest amount
which anyone person may hereafter subscribe for
or hold at any time, or for which certificates of
shares shall in any case be issued or recognized
by said company." The object of the amend-
ment is to get rid of the limitation. The JjiII lim-
its the amount of stock to be held by any one per-
son to §200,000. I suppose it will be difficult to
get the capital stock of this road taken at any rate;
and if it is taken at all, as I hope and trust it will
bo, the railroads of the country already organized
will probably be the principal stockholders; but
if you limit them to subscribing only $200,000 I
apprehend it will be an obstacle in the way of
getting the stock taken, and I have made the mo-
tion, therefore, to strike out that limitation. 1
have no special objection if the Senator from
Michigan, the chairman of the committee, is de-
sirous of having some limitation, to put in a higher
limitation, though 1 think it will be quite as well
to strike it out entirely, for I do not think there
is any danger of any one person monopolizing the
whole stock of this company. Still, if a limita-
tion is necessary, I think the amount should be
extended.
Mr. HOWARD. The theory upon which the
limitation rests is that there is a danger of the ac-
cumulation of too large an amount of the stock of
this company in the hands of one man or in the
hands of a few men, and that it may thus become
an immense corporation governed entirely by pri-
vate interest and become obnoxious of very seri-
ous and weighty popular objections. 1 under-
stand from the conversations which I have had
with very intelligent men connected with this en-
terprise and who are as anxious to prosecute it as
any of us are, that this restriction embodied in the
present bill is in theirjudgmenta sound and salu-
tary one. The object of it is to prevent too large
an accumulation of this stock in the hands of one
person or a few persons. I do not know but that
$200,000 is too small asum, and I should be quite
willing to have the amount enlarged to $1,000,000,
so as to restrict the quantity which any one indi-
vidual can hold to §1,000,000, not allowing him
to hold more; and i shall offer that as an amend-
ment in case this amendment be rejected.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am in favor of the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Illinois; but if
that amendment should not succeed, I should of
course prefer that the limitation should be in-
creased as suggested by the chairman of the com*-
mittee; but I think it is better to strike out the
limitation altogether. This is a very herculean
enterprise, and it will require capitalists known
to be capitalists to carry it out successfully. Per-
sonally, looking to the interests of the country, I
would not care if the road was made by one in-
dividual or half a. dozen individuals, for just in
proportion as may be the ability of a few stock-
holders will be the security which the United
States will have that they will not lose by what
they propose to do in favor of the enterprise them-
selves.
Mr. POMEROY. I want to call the attention
of the chairman of the committee to another
clause in this bill. If the motion of the Senator
from Illinois prevails it will affect the residue of
the section, particularly this clause, beginningin
line fifty:
The said company, by its directors or its stockholders,
shall, from and after the passage of this act, make assess-
ment upon all the stockholders of not less than five dol-
lars per share, at intervals of not less than six months, &c. •*
The bill obliges the company to assess once in
six months five dollars on every share. Now, if
the amendment of the Senator irom Illinois pre-
vails, and itis left open for one company or one in-
dividual to take the whole stock, they will have en-
tire control of that question whether they will as-
sess themselves every six months or not,and the
Senator must see-that this amendment affects that
portion of the section.
Mr. HOWARD. The effect will be to throw
the control of the company entirely into the hands
of a few heavy stockholders. I hope that this
amendment will not be adopted. I think we had
better try it for at least one year under this limit-
ation; and if we find that it does not work prop-
erly, it can be easily amended at the next session
of Congress. I hope the amendmentwill not be
adopted.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Illinois.
Mr. HOWARD. If it be in order, I move to
amend the amendment. I suppose that can be
done by the consent of the mover.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will remind the Senator that this is an amendment
to an amendment.
Mr. HOWARD. I was going to suggest that
it might be so amended as to allow any person to
hold ten thousand shares; to make the limitation
$1,000,000 instead of $200,000.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If this motion should not
carry, that can still be done. My impression is
that it is better to strike the limitation out alto-
gether. 1 think there can be no danger of any
one person monopolizing the capital stock of this
great enterpuse. But if there be I would enlarge
the limitation. We can take the vote first on
striking it out altogether, and if that fails we can
insert some other sum. I am not particular about
striking it entirely out; I am willing to fi!x some
sum; I think it should be a larger sum than
$200,000 where there is so large a capital stock
as this. I do not think there is the least danger
in the world in allowing the thing to be open, and
letting any one take as much stock as he pleases.
Mr. HOWARD.* I do not concur with the
Senator from Illinois in this respect. I think
there is danger of this stock passing into the hands
of a very few persons who will abuse their pow-
ers and privileges very much to the public prej-
udice and to the prejudice of individuals. For
instance, if this amendment prevails, what will
the consequence be? It will be in the power of
the stockholders, and of the directors elected by
them, either to impose or to withold assessments
as they may see fit. It will be in the power of
one man who holds a controlling interest in the
stock to embarrass the company and prevent the
imposition of assessments.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If that were desired, and
any one person had money enough to control scrch
an enterprise as this, it would be very easy to do
it through third parties: his clerks and his friends
would take the stock. It is true the limitation
would furnish an obstacle in the way of doing it,
but it would be so easily avoided that it seems
hardly worth while to impose such a limitation.
The question being put on the adoption of the
