THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 2$,
tect the authority of the United States. Now you
say by this oath, provided it includes Senators,
that the oath which the Constitution prescribes is
no security at all, or rather a lame and impotent
security. Why ? It is notbecause the man who
takes it is not bound to support the Constitution,
for he so swears in so many words. Why then is
the oath not as good now as it was when it was first
prescribed? The answer is, a state of things exists
nowwhichdid notexist then; rebellion Iras reared
its horrid form; an effort fs made at the life of
the nation; the obligations of the Constitution are
forgotten and violated. Where? Not by us; we
are not doing it; nor has the honorable member
from Delaware done it, because he says there is
nothing in this oath that he cannot take. Where
has it been done? It has been done in these seceded
States. Well, they are to come back, and when
they come back they are to come back as States;
at least, I assume that to be the result. Their
State Legislatures will convene as State Legisla-
tures under the Constitution of the United States,
bound to yield obedience to it; their judicial offi-
cers will recognize their allegiance which nothing
but treason would have broken; and you rcccive
them, you are bound to receive them unless they
arc to be considered asjjterntones; I will not argue
that question; but on rf^Jfcypothesisyouare bound
to receive them. South Carolina, then, and Georgia
and these other States are again in the Union as
they were before, riot bound by this oath of ours.
How do you know they will not break loose
again? How do you know that the contamina-
tion of their treason is not still within their bones,
that the disease will break out whenever they can
make the occasion ? Howcanyou know it? Yet
if the existence of the disease so to speak renders
it improper that any man having it should be a
member of the Senate because it would endanger
the integrity and the existence of the Senate, and
of the nation as far as the Senate can injure the
nation, if you will not have him, how aie you to
get the same security in the State Legislatures and
the State judiciary ? Not under this Constitution.
Dissolve the States; consider them as constituting
but one mass of people and the terntory as but
one territory separated by no line except .such
lines as Congress may think proper hereafter to
designate; abrogate the State constitutions: and
not only that, but change the Constitution of the
United States and prescribe that members of the
State Legislatures and their judicial officers shall
take this additional oath, or you will have them
back without the security which, according to the
hypothesis upon which this act is passed, is sup-
posed to be absolutely necessary m order to pre-
serve the Government in its purity.
i forbear further to trouble the Senate, Mr. Pres-
ident, and 1 should not have said a word but for
a remark or two which fell from the honorable
member from Massachusetts; and I am induced
to speak in reply to a partofhts argument, merely
because what he has said to the Senate has been
carnfully considered in his closet, and reduced to
writing (as he had a perfect right to do to guard
himself against error) as the result of his mature de-
liberation of each one of the questions involved. I
conclude with saying that, in my judgment, in the
first place, the statute of July 2, i8G2, did not em-
brace Senators; and, in the second place, that if
it did, there was no power in Congress by legis-
lation so to embrace them.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner,J seems to
suppose that this law lias remained unexecuted.
The fact is that there is but one of the newly
elected Senators in this body who has not taken
this oath; and that Senator is Mr. Bayard from
Delaware.
Mr. SUMNER.. There is one other—Mr.
Richardson.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. Richardson of Illi-
nois, perhaps, has not taken the oath. The Sen-
ator then puts to mc the question, "if my rule
will not reach this case where the law lias re-
mained unexecuted, will the Senator from Wiscon-
sin point out the way in which to reach it?" Mr.
President, the rule of the honorable Senator will
not touch the case of Mr. Bayard a-t ail. The lan-
guage of this rule is "that the oath or affirma-
tion prescribed by act of Congress of July 2,1862,
to be taken befoie entciing upon the duties of
office, shall be taken and subscribed by every Sen-
ator in open Senate before entering upon his du-
ties." That will not reach Mr. Bayard's case.
It will not reach the case of Mr. Richardson
either. Mow does the Senator from Massachu-
setts propose to reach, under this rule, the cases
where, as he assumes, the law remains unexe-
cuted?
Mr, SUMNER. Does the Senator wish an
answer?
Mr. DOOLlTTLft. The Senatormay answer.
Mr. SUMNER. The answer is simply by the
enforcement of the rule.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. That I supposed; but the
rule has no application to that case, because Mr.
Bayard has appeared and has entered upon his
duties as a Senator. The Senator's rule is now
prospective, not retrospective, and doesnottouch
the very case he is aiming at. The honorable
Senator from Ohio and the honorable Senator
from Maryland pointed out precisely the way m
which this is to be reached. If the law which was
passed in 1862 is a constitutional law, and a per-
son is disqualified fiom exu-cising the duties ofa
Senator unless he takes that oath, tlio question
can be raised on every vote ho attempts to give
in the Senate, just as if any other person not
qualified at all for a seat in this body should ap-
pear here and take one of these seats and under-
take to exercise its duties.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator understood
me as saying that in my judgment this question
could be raised on any vote, he misunderstood
me. I suggested that mode;"but there are dif-
ficulties made by parliamentary law, which, it
seems to me, would prevent that mode from be-
ing effectual. No question can be raised while
the roll is being called, and I have no doubt the
Presiding Officer would overrule any such point.
The only way in which it could be made would
be by a resolution in the Senate directing the Sec-
retary to strike from the roll the names of those
who had not taken the oath. It could be done in
that way and in no other.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. But, Mr.President,here
is another point in the case. If the law is defect-
ive because ithas not specified the form in which
this oath shall be taken nor where it shnll he taken
this body has no power by rule to add to it or
modify it. If I, after having been elected to the
Senate, had taken that oath of office and sub-
scribed it before any officer under the laws of the
United States authorized to administeroaths, and
had put it in my pocket and brought it with me,
I should have complied with the statute,and the
Senate could not vaiy the law and compel me to
do anything else by a rule.
M r. I Resident, it has very often boon said, in the
course of this debate, that the Senate, if it does
not adopt, this rule or something like it, is in dan-
ger of being overrun by rebels from the seceded
States—men coming hero with the blood of our
children upon their hands. Have wc forgotten
Bright's case? Was not Bright a Senator from
Indiana, and foi writing a letter in which he ad-
dressed Jefferson Davis as " president of the con-
federate States" did not two thirds of this body
expel him, because on the very face of his letter
he seemed to acknowledge that there was a gov-
ernment called the £ovei nment of the confederate
States, and that Jefferson Davis was the president
of that government5 Have we no confidence in
ourselves, no confidence in our successors? Sir,
whether we adopt this rule or not, I have no fears
that any of those leading men with the blood of
our children upon their hands will ever come into
this Senate Chamber or the other House of Con-
gress. When the military power of the so-called
confederate government is once broken, those
lenders will call on the rocks and the mountains to
hide them from the wrath of their people. That
is as certain in my judgment as anything which
has not yet transpired can be. They have so de-
ceived, so abused, so misled their people to their
own destruction that they will flee from them as
they would from the "wrath to come."
I have no sympathy for the men engaged in
this rebellion who load it or sympathize with it;
but I cannot blind myself to the fact, which I be-
lieve to bo true, that there is a large muss of the
people within the States where this rebellion ex-
ists who have been forced into the rebellion by
force of arms in many instances, who have been
misled in many others; and when the military
power of the rebellion is once broken they will
seek to return to their loyalty and to the Union of
these States. I repeat, I can never have any sym-
pathy for the men who have knowingly, will-
fully led that people into this rebellion. No pun-
ishment can be too great to be measured out to
them for their crimes; and sometimes in my heart
I bless God that I can believe there is a tribunal
before which, if they do not receive their just
deserts on earth, they will be called to render an
account where fraud and perjury will be of no
avail, and where they mustanswer for their crimes.
Sir, in reference to them I feel, and sometimes
from my heart 1 am almost ready to express the
sentiment avowed by a Universalist clergyman
who resided in my town, in the State of Wiscon-
sin. In the goodness of his heart he preached a
thousand times to the people there that there is no
such place as hell beyond the grave. He enlisted
in the Army, and went as a chaplain in one of
our regiments. He went'into the rebellious States:
he saw this rebellion and looked it naked in the
face; and when he came home again, as he did to
our people, in addressing them on this subject,
and speaking of the crime greater than any other
that had ever been committed on earth, by the
leaders of this rebellion, he declared to them:
" Fellow-citizen?, you know mc j you know what my
opinion has been; but I tell you I have come to believe in
a hell as a military necessity. [Laughter.] There is a hell
in my erceii for these traitors,."
That was his language.
1 repeat, sir, I have no sympathy and can never
have any sympathy with the men who have mis-
led that people and who are imbruing their hands
in the blood of our sons and our brothers; but for
the great mass of that people who have been mis-
led from their allegiance, who have been trampled
under foot by military despotic power, to whom
we as a Government owe protection, in whose
States we as a Government are bound to main-
tain a republican form of government and to de-
fend them against this very despotic power which
is trampling them in the dust, I do feel and enter-
tain sympathy, and I am not afraid or ashamed to
acknowledge it here or elsewhere or everywhere.
If in the providence of God the time shall come
when we can break down the military power of
j this rebellion which holds these people captive in
! its chains, and we can once more let their hearts
gush out in patriotic love to that Union which
once protected them , which never oppressed them,
winch never exercised any influence over them
but to bless them and to enrich them, and under
circumstances like those they seek to return to
their allegiance to this Government and to"" this
Union, I shafl not reject that allegiance nor pre-
vent that return.
Mr. President, I agree with the gentlemen who
I have preceded me, -that we are living in the
j nndst of great events. I well remember when as
; a child I first read the story of the Revolution,of
| that gcand old period which made men great—the
story of the Declaration of Independence and the
rights of man; the history of Washington and
all his great compeers—the thought that op-
pressed my young mind was this: "Why was
j not I in the providence of God permitted to live
j at that epoch?" How little did I think that I
should ever be permitted to live in the midst of
events such as are now transpiring. Sir, we are
not only spectators but actors in the grandest
events of human history. The age in which we
live, the whole civilized world, of which we area
part, are continually advancing under the influ-
ence of that spirit which above all others is the
spirit of the age in which we live.
If wc look across the Atlantic what have we
seen in the old eastern division of the Roman em-
pire of which Constantinople is the scat of power?
We have seen England and Franco allied together
in arms against Russia; and for what? To pro-
tect the political integrity of the Sultan. After
the great battles of the Crimea the political in-
tegrity of Turkey was saved; but, Sir, the soul of
Turkey, the spirit of Moslemism, the very idea
upon which that empire was founded and has
been maintained for long centuries, the idea of
that persecuting, fanatical, religious intolerance, is
gone forever—not destroyed by the arms of Rus-
sia, but destroyed by that very alliance which
saved the " sick man" from the jaws of the Rus-
sian bear. In February, 1856, before the allied
forces were withdrawn from Constantinople, out
of gratitude it^may be to his Christian allies,
the Iurkish Sultan issued an imperial decree by
