THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF COXG-HESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN. C. RIVES, WASHINGTON,
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, JUNK 29, 1864.
New Series.... No. 209.
fact it seems to me that the service is so related to
thatofthe military branch that by some provision
of the bill recognizing them aspartofthe military
service the objections which have been urged
against the amendment might be obviated. It is
very certain that this amendment in some form
or other ought to be adopted. It will take away
one of the fundamental objections which I men-
tioned to the bill at first, and impose some re-
straints on the most stupendous system of fraud
that ever was devised.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. One Senator from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Wilson] has announced his pur-
pose to move to have this whole matter under the
War Department, while the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts having charge of the bill [Mr. Sumner]
is desirous that it should remain under the con-
trol of the Treasury Department. That is a ques-
tion upon which the minds of Senators may be
divided, and I do not know what the sense of the
Senate may be when it comes to a vote. But in-
dependent of the decision of thatquestion, itseems
to me that whether it is to be left to the Treasury
Department or put into the War Depaitment,
when we come to look at it as it is, these officers
may just as well be declared in the military ser-
vice of the country, so far as this matter is con-
cerned, though the Tieasury Depaitment is the '
Department to which they make their returns, as
if they were in the War Department. The truth
is, the theory of our Administration is that the
Executive is a unit. All is done under the Presi-
dent as the Commander-in-Chief. The various
Secretaries are but the clerks of the President,
doing his business; and whether the Executive
speaks through the Secretary of the Treasury or
the Secretin y of the Navy or the Secretaiy of
War,itis thePiesidentof the United States,the Ex-
ecutive, the Commander-in-Chief, who executes
the laws, and therefore, whether tho Senate shall
determine that this shall remain under theTrf as-
ury Department or go to the War Department,
it seems to me there is no valid foundation in the
objection to the amendment that I have offered,
which provides that in those districts where our
power is military, where the civil authomy is
overthrown, the officers whom we appoint may
be legarded as acting under military authoi ity to
the extent that we can bring them to punishment
by military law, for we have no other authority
to punish them for their offenses there. That is
my reply to the honorable Senator from West
Virginia.
When the question comes up as to which De-
partment shall have the control of this matter, I
may, peihaps, vote with the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] upon the idea
that it is more harmonious to have the whole thing
in the military districts controlled by one head
rather than by two, although the theory of our
Government is that it is all controlled by one
head, and that is the President of the United
States, though nominally you may say the Secre-
tary of the Treasury issues an order in the one
case and the Secretary of War in the other.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER, I move an amendment which
is little more than veibal, to bung the bill into
harmony with an amendment already made. In
section seven, lines ten and eleven, I move to
fitlike out " provided that no lease shall be made
by them for a longer penod than one yeai," and
then in the eleventh hue to strike out the word
" that."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILLEY, I propose to offer this amend-
ment as an additional section:
Jind be U further cnacted, That whenever the ?aid Com-
milium'! cannot thiil abandoned real o-t.ito on which to
eimdov nil ot the liecdiiiea who ma\ come under his eaie
and eontiel bv vutue ot tin- net, it shall he h:* duty.solar
as iu.iv be practical, to provide ku ihcm home- and em-
plo\ meat wit it hum u io ami s-mf.ihle pel >o:is at lair and just
compensation loi th"ir -«ei vice;-; and that in oidoi the moie
effectually to aceomphbh tins pmpose the said Commis-
sioner shah open a cot reipondenei- with the Governor-? ana
the various municipal, authouties ot the dilioieiit States
requesting their coopeiatiou in tin* behalf.
209
It is ve.ry obvious.that at this time there are
very few plantations, however many of them may
be abandoned, on which it would be safe or profit-
aide to place these freedmen and to employ them.
There is no district in the country coming within
the scope of this bill where taking possession of
the real estate now abandoned and placing upon
that ical estate any given number of these freed-
men,it would not be ncccssary also to employ
more or less of the military forces to protect them
while they were cultivating the farms. Take
Virginia for illustration. About half the State is
now within our lines, 1 mean on this side of our
main army; and yet there is not a farm any-
where where it would be sate to place any of these
freedmen, where they would be allowed to work
a month, much less a year so as to raise a crop,
without stiong militaty proteciion. Mosby's
guerrillas would hunt the hands off any farm al-
most anywhere in our lines within Virginia. I
imagine (he same state of things exists elsewhere.
It is obvious, and the fact has indicated the ne-
cessity of this bill, that there is a large number of
freedmen now unemployed, and scores and hun-
dreds and thousands of them are dying for the
want of care and employment within our lines
and under our control. I suggest to the ftiends
of this bill, I lespectfully suggest to the fiiends
of fteedmon, whether it be not perhaps the best
provision, if it ran be incorporated in this bill, to
extend the Commissioner's authoiity so that he
can do some practical good at the present time
and hereafter by opening a coirespondence with
the Governors of States, the municipal authori-
ties of the States, with the \anous manufactur-
ing establishments, and farmers and mechanics.
Homes might be provided for them, and tiiey
might not only find good homes, but humane per-
sons and employment at fair compensation, and
it might supply in those districts that Lick of labor
whieh has been occasioned by the withdrawal of
laboring men into the ranks of our armies.
It seems to me this would be a beneficial feat-
ure to incorporate in this bill. 1 begin to take
some interest m the bill. It is very little now like
what it was when firstmtroduced. Restrictions
are being thrown around it to prevent many of
the evils that would necessarily have grown out
of the operation of the bill. 1 take it for gianted
that it will pass, and if so, I should like to see H
made ns operative for good as possible. 11 seems
to me that here is a proposition which will ac-
complish more good tor the fieedmen, find them
more homes and better compensation and with a
gi eat deal less trouble and expense, than the whole
machinny when-it is in its fullest operation will
ev<$* find for tliern upon the abandoned plantations
of the South
Mr. SUMNER. It is with great reluctance
that I object to the pi oposition of the S'niatoi, but
he will allow me to say that it seems to me it
goes too far. There is also language in it whu?h
I should regret to see in the bill. Lie speaks of
the freedmen " under the care and control of the
Commissioner." In drawing the bill, I am suie
the committee had no idea that any freedman
would he undei the control of the Commissioner.
I know that has been suggested.
Mi. WILLEY. I am willing the Senator shall
choose any other language. I noticed in the ori-
ginal bill they were called "held to service," but
I believe that has been stricken out. If the hon-
oiable Senator will suggest any other language
to accomplish the put pose, I shall have no elec-
tion to it.
Mr. SUMNER. I have examined carefully
the proposition of thf Senator, and I beg him to
understand that the idea which he seems to aim
at is entirely m haimony with the bill, only, as
I said hefoie,by his language it seems to me he
goes too far. 1 have just made a sketch in the
nature of a substitute tor hn proposition watch
I will lead to him if he will have the kindness to
listen to it:
Tbnt whenever there i- no plantation real e-.tnte en
whieh to employ the freedmen. it shall be the duty oJ sueh
a^i^tant eommibsiouerjjaiai^upeiinteiidenK, &u i..ra- may
be psacUuible, to "aid such fieediuen an ubuumug homo*
and employment with humane and suitable persons atfair
and ju^t compensation for their services.
1 believe that is substantially the idea. It dif-
fers from the proposition of the Senator in that
it says nothing about 44 control," and then it does
not go as far in this respect: his proposition says
that it shall be the duty of the Commissioner, so
fur as may be practicable, to provide for them
homes and employment. It would seem to fol-
low from that language that he must assume an
obligation to find homes for them, and that possi-
bly might throw upon the Government some pe-
cuniary responsibility. I believe that the idea of
the Senator will be carried out fully by my sub-
stitute, but as for opening communications with
the Governors and other officers, it strikes me
that all that more properly comes under the head
of " rules and regulations," which it is under-
stood are to be prepared by the Department in
which this bureau is organized.
Mr. WILLEY. I have^no objection to the
Senator's amendment of the language if he will
incorporate with it the provision soliciting theco-
operation of the vaiious authorities in the differ-
ent States. I think it will amount to very little
unless that is done. There must be some agency
with whom this Commissioner or the assistant
commissioners can cooperate in various quarters
where labor is required, in older to enable them
to accomplish anything. How can these assist-
} ant commission* ism the insurrectionary districts,
I where they ought to be—whether they ever will
be employed therepeisonally or no*t s very ques-
tionable to me—how can they while employed
there, engaged in superintending, taking care of,
or whatever language the honorable Senator may
indicate to designate their management of these
fieedmen-1—how can they, while in the discharge
of that duty, make any efficient arrangement in
providing homes or aiding the freedmen in pro-
curing homes m those districts where labor is so
much needed? Theoperation would be-very much
facilitated, it seems to me, by securing the co-
operation of the authorities of the loyal States,
especially those States wheie labor is s-o much
needed, in order to procure for the freedmen.em-
ployment and homes there where they will have
the benefit of laws, and not be subject to raids as
they will be on these farms; wheie they will have
the benefit of free institutions, the benefit of kind
and humane society, the benefit of the benevolence
that would sunouud them, in aiding them to elevate
themselves to independence and leal freedom. It
seems to me that there would be nothing so con-
ducive to carry into effect one of the objects which
the honorable Senator seems to have in view, and
in which I heartily sympathize, that is, in eleva-
ting these fieedmen,as to place them in themidst
of the free States, where they would not be under
the necessity of submitting their rights to the ar-
bitrary will and pleasure of these superintendents
and assistant commissioners, but where they
would be equal before the law^subject to the same
law, and having the same rights to redress of
gtievances that any other citizen in the commu-
nity would have. It seems to me that the pro-
vision that the honorable Senator suggests does
not accomplish the object fully; but if he will
modify it so as to make it efficient in diffusing this
population wherever labor is wanted in the midst
of organized ftee communities, i will accept it,
for that is one of the main objects I had ill view.
! Mi. BQCK.ALE W. This amendment contem-
| piates tlie distiibution of this population thiough-
i (sut the whole country ami in our northern States,
! by the action of the I<\ di wd Government. Sir,
' 1 think our States m the. North may well object
: to any such exeition of pouvr oi *t*aiher perver-
| ston of power by this Government,
Mr. VvJLLEY. The Setiatoi misunderstands
en.;; eiy, it is only to Ue done "so fur us piaetica-
ble" 44.11d where persons living in the northern
Stat'js or clsewhete may desire tins labor, desire
to employ these laborers. There is no compul-
sion about it.
Mr. BUCJKALEW. Certain of the northern
States prohibit the introduction of this element of
