1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
which he established universal religious toleration
throughout the whole of his great empire, admit-
ting Jev/s and Christians to equal rights before
the law with Mohammedans. Whata grand revo-
lution was that, sir, when the great American idea
of free universal religious liberty, first applied to
government in this country by Roger Williams
of Rhode Island and William Penn of Pennsyl-
vania, penetrated even into the dominions of the
Sultan and revolutionized that empire! We have
seen that bigoted persecuting spirit of religious
intolerance, which is itself a child of hell, give
way before that enlightened spirit of religious
freedom, born of Christianity, and which is the
essence ofChiistianityitself. We haveseen this;
and we have seen the Crescent bow to the Cross.
If we look into the western division of the old
Roman empire, what have we witnessed trans-
piring there ? Wc have seen the kingdom of Italy,
composed of nearly twenty million people, born
almost in a single day; and, adopting the other
great American idea that governments derive their
powers from the consent of the governed, we have
seen the people of Italy by universal suffrage elect
Victor Emanuel to be their king.
If we go beyond the old Roman empire into the
dominions of Russia, which was never under the
dominion of the Roman empire, what have we
witnessed there? In that game year, in that same
month, and almost on the very day that Mr. Lin-
coln stood on the steps of this Capitol and an-
nounced to the civilized world that the American
people had decided in the last election that slavery
had made its last conquest in America, that sla-
very should never go one foot further into the
Territories of the Union, the Emperor of Russia
announced to his assembled nobility his unalter-
able purpose to set free his serfs; and although
that Government has sometimes, and perhaps
properly, been regarded as the most absolute and
despotic Government in Europe, true to his gen-
erous purpose, Alexander has emancipated over
twenty-three millions of his serfs.
Mr. President, grand as are these events trans-
piring in the civilized world 011 the other side of
the water, the revolution in the Mohainmedanem-
pire, the revolution in the seat of empire in old
Italy, the great social and bloodless revolution in
the empire of Russia, by which twenty-three mil-
lion persons have had the chains broken from their
arms in a single hour—great as are these events,
wc arc witnessing, and arc acting, too, in still
grander events on this side of the ocean. The part
we have to play is a pait as important in the his-
tory of humanity as that of ourgre'at ancestors in
the American Revolution. The doctrine which
they then announced—the capacity of the people
to maintain republican constitutional liberty and
self-government—is now on trial. It is now en-
duringits first severe agonizing trial. In this con-
troversy is involved all that they fought for, all
that they held dear. In this struggle, if we suc-
ceed or fail, we involve with us in our .success
or failure the constitutional liberty of all man-
kind, white and black. We are all in the boat to-
gether. Therefore I believe that it is our duty,
as representatives of the people, on this, as on all
other occasions, to rise up to the full comprehen-
sion of the epoch in which we live. I believe wc
shall go through the struggle successfully. 1 be-
lieve that we shall come out of this struggle with
slavery utterly done away with; that we shall be
redeemed and regenerated as a people; and we
shall stand hereafter, as we have stood heretofore,
in the vanguard ofthecivilizednations, thePower
of all other Powers on the earth. That is my
faith and my belief.
But, sir, to return to the subject upon which
this debate has sprung up, I submit that this reso-
lution or rule of the Senator from Massachusetts
can add no force whatever to the law. If the law
is valid, his rule will not affect it. If it is invalid,
it will not c-ure it. It cannot add to the law nor
take from it, and, more than all, it docs not apply
to the very case he desires to reach. If the Sena-
tor will allow me to make a suggestion to him,
I will suggest to him to do now precisely what he
did on a former occasion after we had wasted a
long time in debate, withdraw his proposition.
He did it before; he can do it now. His resolu-
tion has no application to the case in hand, and
can have no effect.
But, Mr. President, I perhaps owe it to the
Senator from Massachusetts to say a single word
fuither. That Senator and myself have always
been upon terms of friendship and intimacy, and
I beg him to understand that anything I said this
morning did not grow out of any desire or wish
on my part to wound his feelings. I, too, am a
warm friend of the Senator from Vermont, and I
thought I understood the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, but perhaps I was mistaken—-—
Mr. SUMNER. Utterly mistaken.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I thought I understood the
effect of his remarks to be a pretty severe criti-
cism on the course of the honorable Senator from
Vermont. I spoke at the time in the heat of the
moment, and perhaps gave utterance to strong
language; but certainly I did not intend to injure
or wound in the slightest degree the feelings of
the Senator.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
call the roll on the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. My colleague [Mr.
Hendricks] was called to New York on import-
ant business, and I agreed to pair off with him on
this question, unless my vote was necessary to
make a quorum. I should vote for the rule and
he would vote against it if present.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 28, nays II; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Anthony, Bicuvn, Chandler, Ckuk,Ool-
I.imer, Connrfs, Dixon, Fe^rnden, Foster, Grimr-*, Ilale,
Italian, Ik'iidetfton, llowaid, Lane of Kansas, Morgan,
Mori ill, Ranifoy, Sherman, Sprague, Sumner, Ten Eyck,
Trumbull, Van Winkle, Wade, Wilkinson, Willey, and
Wilson—
NAYS—Mossr*. Buckalcw, Cathie, Cowan, Davis, Doo-
little, llarns, llowe, Johnson, Powell, Sautsbury, and
YViight—11.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. WILSON. I now move that the Senate
procced to theconsideration of executive business.
REFERENCE OF A BILL.
The VICE PRESIDENT. With the consent
of the Senate, before putting the question on that
motion, the Chair will lay before the Senate a
House bill with a view to reference.
The bill (H. R.JNo. 122) tomereasc the internal
revenue, and for other purposes, was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that the
Speaker had signed the following enrolled bill;
whieh theieupon lcccived the signature of the
Vice Pieeudent:
A bill (II. R. No. G5) to change the place of
holding the circuit and district courts of the United
States for the district of West Tennessee, and for
other purposes.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the coimideiation ofcxecutive business;
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
- Monday, January 25, 1864.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. W. H. Ciianning.
'The Journal of Friday last was read and ap-
proved.
AGT'JCULTUKAL REPORT.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a letter
from the Commissioner of Agriculture, asking
that an additional number of the agricultural re-
port be piinted for the use of that office; which
was refened to the Committee on Printing.
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS.
The SPEAKER stated the first business in or-
der to be the introduction of bills for reference
only.
ACCOUNTS OF MASSACHUSETTS AND MAINE.
Mr. RICE, of Maine, introduced a bill in re-
lation to the accounts of the States of Massachu-
setts and Maine: which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee of Claims.
PEOPLE'S GAS-LIGHT COMPANY.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York, introduced a bill
to incorporate the People's Gas-Light Company,
in the city of Washington; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
for the District of Columbia.
NAVIGATION OF TEE POTOMAC.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York, also introduced ja
bill to provide for the improvement of the navi-
gation of the Potonaac river opposite the city of
Washington; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to t&e Committee for the dis-
trict of Columbia.
ENROLLMENT BILL.
Mr. NELSON introduced a bill to amend an act
entitled " An act for enrolling and calling out the
national forces, and for other purposes;" which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
HOUSE OF CORRECTION.
Mr. FENTON introduced a bill to authorize
the construction of a house of correction, &c., in
the District of Columbia; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee for
the District of Columbia.
PENSIONS.
Mr. FENTON ?flso introduced a bill concerning
applications for pensions; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions.
JACOB S. LOWREY* ETC.
Mr. LONG introduced a bill for the relief of
Jacob S.Lowrey and George A.Gray; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee of Claims.
DANIEL FULLER.
Mr. HALL introduced a bill for the relief of
Daniel Fuller; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
COSTS IN UNITED STATES COURTS.
Mr. HOLM AN introduced a bill in relation to
costs in the circuit and district courts of the Uni-
ted States; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
POST OFFICE DEPARTMENT LAWS.
Mr. LONG YE AR in trod uced a bill to amend an
act entitled "An act to amend the laws relative
to the Post Office Department,"approved March
3, 1863; which was read a fiist and second time,
and referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
NAVY-YARD, ETC., ON WESTERN WATERS.
Mr. BLOW introduced a bill to authorize and
establish a navy-yard and depot on the western
waters; which was read a first and second time,
] and referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
COMPENSATION OF "REGISTERS, ETC.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa, introduced a bill
regulating the compensation of registers and re-
ceivers of land offices iri the location of lands by
States and corporations under grants from Con-
gress; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
RAILROAD, ETC., TO THE PACIFIC.
Mr. COLE, of California, introduced a bill to
amend an act to aid in the construction of a rail-
road and telegraph line from the Missouri river
to the Pacific ocean; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the select committee
011 the Pacific railroad.
SCHOOL FUND OUT OF REBELLIOUS PROPERTY.
Mr. COLE, of California, also introduced a bill
to create a school fund outof the proceeds of con-
fiscated property; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the select committee on
rebellious States.
LANDS IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. HIGBY introduced a hill concerning cer-
tain lands in the State of California; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
PAY TO CERTAIN TRIBES OF INDIANS.
Mr. WINDOM introduced a joint resolution
directing the Secretary of the Interior to pay to
the Chippewa, Ottawa, and Pottawatomie In-
dians in the State of Michigan $192,850; which
