1378
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 31,
Mr. HOOPER. If the gentleman moved to
substitute Troy for Albany it would bo better.
The amendment was rejected; there being, on a
division—ayes 32, noes 42.
Mr. BLAINE. I move to insert " Portland,
Maifie."
In this bill there is only one point of redemp-
tion east of the city of New York for those States
which lie in that direction. My amendment pro-
poses to insert another.
Mr. BROOKS. Do I understand the gentle-
man from Maine to say that there is only one
place for the New England States—that there is
no place east of Boston ?
Mr. BLAINE. One east of Now York city.
We ou :ht to have another.
Mr. BROOKS. So I say.
On a division, there were—ayes $5, noes 41.
Mr. STEVENS demanded tellms.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Blaine and
"Winfield were appointed.
The tellers reported—ayes 47, noes39;no quo-
rum voting.
Mr. STEVENS. Let the amendment pass.
Wo gi vc it up. I want to put in Stumptown next.
[Laughter.]
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FRANK. I move to insert Buffalo, New
York.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I move to amend by striking
out all of the places named except New York,
Mr. STEVENS. Include New York and I
will agree to it.
Mr. WILSON. . This is for a uniform cur-
rency throughout the United States. I know of
no way by which we can establish that unifonn-
ity except by llxmg one place of redemption.
Then the notes of western banks would be at par.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
The committee informally rose; nml the House
received a message from the Senate, l>y Mr. Mick-
ey, one of their clerks, announcing that the Senate
had passed an act (II. R. No. 15) to provide a
temporary government for the Tei n tory of Mon-
tana, with sundry amendments; in which the con-
currence of the House was requested.
The Senate insist upon their amendments dis-
agreed to by the House to the bill of the House
(No. 302) to amend section nine of the act, ap-
proved July IT, 18(3*2, entitled "An act to define
the pay and emoluments of certain office! s of the
Army, and foi oihei purposes,''agree to the con-
ference asKed for by the 1 louse of Repiesentatives
on the disagreeing votes of (he t wo I louses thereon,
and had appointed Mr. Wilson?, Air. FohTrcn,
and Mr Riddle the committee on the part of the
Senate.
NATIONAL OIJRRKNOY—ACi AIN.
The committee resumed us session.
Mr. WILSON. I was saying that by requir-
ing all the banks to redeem their notes at New
Yoik, as well as at their own eounteis, the rate
of exchange will be in favor of the westei n banks,
and in that way we can secure a uniform system
of currency. Hut if you allow the banks in the
East to redeem m San Francisco, St. Louts, or
Chicago, and the banks of the West have to re-
deem at the same places, the icsult will be that
the notes of the western banks will not be wuith
as much as the notes of eastern banks; nor will
the notes of eastern hank^ which redeem in San
Francisco be worth as much as the* notes of west-
ern banks that ledeem in New York. You can
have no uniform sytem of currency unless you
have the money center fixed upon as the place of
redemption.
Mr. HOOPER. 1 am opposed to that amend-
ment, because I think ii isfat more important that
every locality should have its place of redemption
at the cen'ial point of its business than it is to
make New York the great central point of the
whole country. Such a provision would cause an
immense accumulation of the funds of the whole
country in New York. The gentleman says he
objects to the eastern banks adeeming at San
Francisco. If he will look at the thirty-second
section he will see that theappioval of the Comp-
troller of the Cm i cm y ia requued for the selection
of the point tit which a bunk will make 11** red* mp-
ilon, and I think that will be found to be sufficient
to prevent the trouble which the gentleman fears.
Mr. WILSON. 1 would ask the gentleman
from Massachusetts if he expects the Comptroller
of the Currency to authorize banks to redeem at
any other place than New York?
Mr. HOOPER. Oh, yes.
Mr. WILSON. Well, if he authorizes western
banks to redeem at St. Louis, will their notes be
worth as much as if the redemption was in New
York?
Mr. HOOPER. I am inclined to think they
would be. At any rate there would be but a very
slight rate of exchange.
Mr. WILSON. The difference would be the
rate of exchange, and that is what we in the West
do not want to have against us.
Mr. HOOPER. I believe that if we make the
circulation of the whole country redeemable at the
places named, some fifteen of them, we will have
taken a great step toward obtaining a uniform cur-
rency. My impression is that when wehavedone
that the banks in these places will find it for their
interest to make the currency of their State parat
New York. 1 hope the amendment will not be
adopted.
Mr. BROOKS. Tn order to say a few words,
1 move that "Brooklyn" be inserted after " New
York." I am happy to hear the amendment
proposed by the gentleman from Iowa. It has a
business look, and is a practical proposition, and
the only proposition which will give a uniform
currency under this lull. It is the rehabilitation
m substance, so far as thecurrency of the United
States is concerned, of the old United States Bank,
which, thiough its branches adeeming all its is-
sues, did in point of fact provide in effect a uni-
form cut rency^ And this, if earned, will produce
a uniform currency, and this alone will do it.
I wish to call the attention of the gentleman from
Iowa to a fact which occurred m his own West.
But a few weeks since, the banks of St. Louis, new
banks, were providing themselves with the cur-
rent y of the banks of VVlscnism, and those new
banks issued the notes of the banks of Wisconsin
in St. Louis, while the hanks of Wisconsin were
issuing the notes of the banks of St. Louis, and
the. brokers in St. Louis were redeeming those
notes at one quarter and one half per cent, dis-
count. This is alicady one of the practical op-
eiations of this banking law. There is no other
monetary center but New York; there is no other
place wheie a umfonn cuirency can be obtained;
and if gentlemen of the Committee of Ways and
Means desire to have a uniform currency they will
strike out of this la II the se venteen bids wh ich they
have put in it for votes in other pai ts of the Union,
and come to the monetary center, New York.
We in New Yoik have no particular interest
m this matter. The more the currency is de-
langed the more money we will make out of it.
We are a people of bankers and brokers, and we
know how to profit from the misfortunes of the
country and we will profit by those misfortunes.
Hut 1 repeat that if wc desire to have a dollar here
a dollar everywhere, there is no other means of
obtaining it but that proposed by the gentleman
from Iowa. I withdraw my amendment to the
amendment.
Mr. CRAVENS. I move to amend the bill by
inserting " lndianapolis"after the words "New
York."
Air. WILSON. Is that offered as an amend-
ment to mv amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. It is.
Mr. CRAVENS. I withdraw my amendment
for the present.
Mr. ALLEY. Is the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Iowa [Mr. Wilson] now pending?
The CHAIRMAN. It is, but debate is ex-
hausted upon it.
Mr. ALLEY. I move then to strike out the
last word. I propose to say a few words upon
the proposition ofthe gentleman from Iowa, and
I would not say a word but for the fact that the
proposition comes from a gentlemen who is gen-
erally so sensible as the gentleman from Iowa,
and but for the remarkable views also which he
has advanced in support of it. I fear, Mr. Chair-
man, that the gentleman's views might possibly
prevail in this House. I fear that there are a
great many western men who may agree with
him upon this proposition that the rate of ex-
change will be greatly enhanced by the pio\ sion
of the bill as it now stands, for if you grant his
premises his conclusions are undoubtedly correct.
Now, sir, I can haidly conceive of anything so
absurd as to compare the state of things, so faras
the currency is concerned, which would exist un-
der this bill with that which has existed in the
West in the past in regard to exchange. 11 seems
to me perfectly apparent on the face of it that this
measure will secure so nearly a uniform system
of currency thattheexchangecan be nothingmore
than the insurance and cost of transportation of
this paper money from one section of the country
to another, which is a mere nothing. At the out-
side it cannot be over one fourth of one per cent.,
and 1 do notjbelieve itneed be one eighth per cent.
When the bills are secured by bonds of the
Government of the United States and are to be
receivable for public dues of every nature and de-
scription, except custom-house duties, through-
out the Union, can it be possible that it will be
higher than that?
The restrictions contained in this bill upon the
circulation of the notes, compellingall the barrksin
the West—and the gentleman alluded to tlTatsec-
'tion of country more particularly—and all over
the country, to secure this circulation by bonds
ofthe Government, will prevent undue expansion
and prevent an expansion beyond the actual cap-
ital which they possess. This security will, of
course, give confidence to every holder of these
bills. It seems to me, sir, that nothing could be
more utterly absuid than the view suggested by
thegentleman from Iowathattheratesofexchange
under the system proposed by this bill will be
anything like what they have been in times past,
with a depreciated currency, sometimes five, ten,
twenty, and even fifty per cent.
Mr. Chairman,theadvocacy of the proposition
of the gentleman fiom Iowa by the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Brooks] is sensible, and
might have been expected from him. He,js a Rep-
resentative of the city of New Yoik, and it is
his duty to protect the interests of that city; and
of com so he would like to have all the rest of the
country tributary to the city of New York. We
are obliged to be so in a great measure now; and
so far as Boston is concerned, it is tributary in a
great degree in all its interests to the city of Now
York. That we are compelled to submit to. But
we do not want to be compelled to redeem our cur-
rency in New York when we can redeem it in Bos-
ton as well; and so of all the other central points
throughout the Union. The sole purpose of the
gentleman fiom Iowa, he says, is to protect the
people of the West from those enormous lates of
exchange so ruinous to western interests in the
past. This is all very well: but the gentleman and
those who think with him misapprehend the mat-
ter of exchange and the basis upon which it rests.
Now, sir, the difference of exchange between
Chicago and New York, upon the basis of coin,
is the cost of tiansportation of that coin between
those two points, and nothing more, except it may
be insurance. The same rule holds good With re-
gard to paptr; and this high late of exchange in
the past was owing to the fact that the paper de-
preciated, and the exchange was nothing moie
nor less than a premium of insurance or guaran-
tee, differing in amount, accoidmg to the degree
of confidence felt in the ability to redeem these
issues. Under this system of currency no such
result can follow to any extent, because these
bills are ail secured by Government bonds, and
receivable for most public dues. If there is any
provision in this bill which more than anything
else meets my approbation to the fullest extent, it
is that providing for several points of redemption.
I hope that the amendment of the gentleman from
Iowa will not prevail.
Mi. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Mr. Chair-
man, I have stood here, at all times, resisting cen-
tralization of the political power of the Govern-
ment,and 1 so stand to-day lesistingthelinancial
centiahifitttion contemplated by theamendmentof
the gentleman fiom Iowa. The practical effcctof
its adoption would be to cut offPhiladelphia, and
make it what New Yorkers allege it to be now—
a village. I point with great pride to the nego-
! tiation of the five-twenties in the city of Philadel-
I plna, where the demand for those bonds was so
great that the Government found itself advancing
beyond the limit assigned in the law, to the ex-
tent of £11,000,000. This is a practical answer
to the proposition of the gentleman from Iowa,
an answer which a merchant or any sensible man
would be quick to givo. We have succeeded in
