3330
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 28,
population within their borders,and I think they
nave a perfect right to establish and maintain their
own policy on that subject. "Now, you propose
to take into the hands ot the Federal Government
the business ofdistubuting this population among
the States, and according to your policy and nut
according to theirs. 1 think the proposition, upon
the mere statement of it, is so monstrous and in
its effects so pernicious that ^t ought to receive
no favor or indulgence from this body. At all
events, for one I shall vote against it. I con-
ceive that public policy, the best policy that can
be adopted by our States in the North requires
that, instead of encouraging the migration of this
population, they shall discourage its introduction
altogether, if you organize a system ofthiskind
by Federal power, if you establish a bureau for
the purpose of diffusing this population, under
the pressure of existing exigencies, on account
of (ha lack of labor in our communities, perhaps
a large element of this sort may be introduced;
and when the war is over, when our laboring
population are restored to their homesand to their
employments, when their participation in the war
is no longer necessary, when they arc laborers
again at home, they will find this element winch
had been introduced duung the pres.suie of the
ject. If it be conceded that the Federal Govern-
mentlms thatauthority to regulate the distribution
of foreign immigration into this country, neces-
sarily 1 submit it embraces the power indicated
in this amendment.
Mr. SUMNER. The proposition of the Senator
from West Virginia, as I read it; is diffcrentfrom
the proposition as expounded by himself. As
I read it, I supposed he simply intended to throw
upon the assistant commissioners and local su-
perintendents an additional duty to this extent,
of finding homes in the neighborhood, where
abandoned plantations could not be found. I
thought his purpose was charitable. 1 entered
into it. I so said, and I was disposed to accept
his proposition hi that sense; but when I leai ned
from his speech that he proposed to organize a
system of migration, of transportation, of col-
onization in different States of this Union, under
the auspices of the proposed bureau, 1 must con-
fess i saw his proposition in entirely a different
light. It seems to me the whole idea is entirely
untenable; but even if u were at all tenable, it is
out of place on this bill. 1 hope, therefore, that
it will be voted down, and that we shall proceed
with the bill.
Mr. WILLEY. I perceive the honorable Sen-
present time an element of competition against ;i ntor does not understand my proposition yet.
thein, ami we shail^mve trouble and difficulty m 'j There ia nothing compulsory in any of its pro-
our domestic policy in the northern States trom
this cause.
But, sir, whether it be a policy in its nature
good or evil, nothing appears to me more mani-
fest and cetiaiu than that the exercise of such a
powei by this Government is wholly unwarranted,
and that just and general objection against it will
arise in ul! our northern States, and it will be
another element of difficulty, of tiivision, of trou-
ble, ot passion, and debate in our communities and
in oui political contests.
Mr. MORklLL. 1 should like to ask the
honmable Senator from Pennsylvania whether
he maki:s a distinction as to tin; question of au-
thority, of constitutional power, between the
measure now proposed and that which icceivcd
the sanction ot the Senate yesteiday; I i efer to
the bill for the oigaiuzation of a Bureau of Im-
migration to encourage migration from the popula-
tions of Europe, by authority of the Geiwial Gov-
ernment, the distribution of winch is con t em plated
by the bill to be made in all sections of the coun-
try. i submit to the honorable Senator whether
the power in that case is not as extensive and is
not Itabfe to the same objection there as here.
Mr. BUCK A LEW, I not only did not pur-
tici|m<e in the debate upon the measure to which
the Senator alludes, but I was not piesent when
it was considered. I am speaking upon this meas-
ure with reference toils own nicritsandwuhicf-
erence to the considerations winch apply to it,
and I am not to be drawn off into a debate upon
the question of the power of this Government to
regulate immigration)nto tiie country from abi oad,
a pei feotly di.stinet question and resting upon con-
siderations that are not applicable to tins meas-
ure. if tbt; Senator dewiies my views upon the
subject to which he r< fej s, on the propi r occasion !
when a measuie of that description is before tho i
Senate, it he conceives that I can afford him any I
information, to the best of my ability and power j
H shall be at his service. j
Mr. MOURlLL. Ot cou'rse I did not wish to j
draw the Senator out, nor to do more than sip- 1
gest that the power contemplated by this provis- I
ion h precisely that which Congress exercisi ti i
m establishing a Bureau of Foreign Immigration. I
Mr. BUCICALEVV. I will state to the Senator ]
tlbatof course the General Government has power I
to regulate the immigration of poisons fro in !
abroad. There are clear powers applicable to '
that subject. Whetherthe General Government 1
can enter upon the business of inviting poisons ;
from abioad and after they have entered into iha j,
country cegulate theirdistnbution in our comma- i!
nines is quite a different question, and one upon n
which 1 pronounce no opinion, though the inch- ;!
nation or my nund is against it. :}
Mr. MORRILL. Thatis precisely thequestson :!
raised and settled in the bill to which 1 refer. Tin; '!
bill contemplates the encouragement of lmmigra-
lion from the old counties, and then ta'kes^the j!
direction of the distubution of the population thus M
introduced, and ir takes it without the slightest ji
reference to # oi.filing the States upon the sub- '!
| visions. It expressly says that he shall p< rform
| the duty prescribed to htm in the section I pro-
| pose, "so far as may be practicable;" and the
: design of the section is simply this: that he should
. asceitain where labor is wanted, both in the in-
| suirectionary States and out of those States; in
| Massachusetts, in Tennessee, in any other State;
\ asoeitam whete labor is wanted, where the peo-
: pie deaii e to employ laborers of this character, and
j if, in his judgment, the person wishing it would
j be a suitable person, and the home would be a
suitable one, and the compensation would be fair
| and just, to aid in that way he could within the
I scope and spirit of his appointment the freedtnan
| in getting to this home and in securing the cm-
! ployment. It is not my design to organize asys-
j torn of compulsory emigration; it is not my de-
j sign, nor will the section beat the interpretation,
that tin se commissioncis are compelled necessa-
rily to force upon any community that does not
desire this kind of labor these freedmcn. The
whole design and spirit of the section is that it
shall be a matterof mutual consideration between
the three parties, the commissioner, the freed-
man himself, and the person wiio desires to em-
ploy htm and secii'e the benefit of his services;
and 1 did think that such was the obvious advant-
age to the fieedman himself in securing a home
wheic he would obtain the protection of the law,
the kindly sympathies of the people around him,
and good labor at fair compensation, that there
could hardly be an objection from any quarter
to it.
Air. SAULSBURY. I could not vote for the
amendment ot the Senator from West Virginians
an independent pi oposition; but as an amendment
to an obnoxious bill, with a view of perfecting the
bill it it is to puss, i shall vote for the amendment.
As the Senatoi fiom West Virginia has explained,
there i« no compulsion about it, and therefore it is
not liable to the objection urged against it by the
Senator from Pennsylvania. No State whose laws
preclude the immigiauon of this class within its
limits will be bound to receive them; but there are
many hoe States that have no provision in their
constitution or laws to prevent such persons en-
tering those States. i think the amendment of the
Senator from West Virginia presents agieat ques-
tion of practical benevolence to those States who
have been moat clamorous for this class of people.
They have u m their power now to exhibit to the
woild and to an adorning world an example of
the truth of the doctrines which they preach and
profess. At a distance, thousands of miles from
when; this population was, they have shed croco-
dile tears over the baibansm of slavery and the
inhumanity ofs!ave-o wnei s. Nothing has stirred
their passions so much, awakened their sympa-
thies so much, or caus- d &o peisis-tent efforts on
their part for the relief ofhuman sufferino-, as the
situation of the poor, oppressed, down-trodden !
African- No«r, by theopeiatmn of the military |
arm ot the Government they have thousands of !
these people m their charge, a species of popula- \
tion \yno \wlj Ufr worthless to their former owners I
under any circumstances, a species of population
who if they remain where they are must, under
any circumstance?., upon the return of peace be
the greatest sufferers from the operations of this
war—they have the power to take these poor
creatures homeamo.ng them and to see that those
who have been wretched all their days, who have
suffered naught but oppression at the hands of the
white race, shall enjoy all the blessings of this
subiime theory of theirs, "universal freedom and
equality before the law."
Sir, tell me not, tell not the honest people of this
country that the professions of the abolitionists
j are sincere; that they are honest in their efforts
to set free this race unless they are willing to take
them home, and give a practical illustration to the
woild of their sincerity by admitting them to an
equality of rights among themselves. I am sur-
pnsed that any man or any party professing to
have at heart so much the interests of the negro
i race should refuse to avail of the privi lege offered
! by the amendmentof the Senator from West Vir-
1 gmia. Sit not quietly in your homes and shod
j crocodile tears over the barbarism of slavery and
! the inhumanity of southern slaveholders when
I you have the opportunity to go and tak* thisop-
1 pressed race not only to live in your midst, but
i to take them to your heart and to cherish them
| as philanthropic men should cheiish the object
I of their pity. Sir, it would be one of the most
| sublime spectacles ever witnessed on the face of
j the earth; it would be one of the strongest proofs
I that could possibly be furnished to the people of
; this country and the people of other lands if the
abolitionists of this country now, in evidence of
the sincerity of the doctiines which they have
preached, would say, " Yes; we have a beauti-
ful heritage up here m the North; our mountains
are green; our valleys are fertile; our towns fur-
nish innumerable workshops where this species
oflaborcan be employed; ourpolitical institutions
are ftee; we know no inequality among God's
children; after preaching equality, we now evi-
dence our sincerity by throwingopen to you our
own States and the enjoyment of the same polit-
ical and social advantages which we ourselves en-
joy." I f this amendment bo rejected by such votes
as I have indicated, I apprehend that it will be
impossible hereafter.to make even the most stupid
believe that modern abolitionism is anythingelse
than absolute hypocrisy. "f
The PRESlDENT;?ro tempore. The question
ji is on the amendment of the Senator from West
ji Vnginta.
|| Mr. SUMNER called for the yeas and nays,
j! and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted
—yens 19, nays 15; as follows:
'j YEAS—Mcs^ra. Anthony, Biown, Clark, Davis, Doo-
i! little, Foot, Grimes, Marian, Harris, Henderson, Hicks,
!l Howe, Lane of Indiana, Ramsey, Riddle, SauUbury,
|! Sprnuue, Van Winkle, and Willey—19.
|| MAYS—Messrs. Buok.ilew, Corniest, Cowan, Foster,
j ni'iuliieks, Lane of K;tn^a , Morgan, Moinll, Powell,
Sumner, Ten lijok, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, and
j Wilson—15. '
i A BSEXT—Messrs. Garble, Chandler, Collatner, Dixon,
; Fe$seitden, Hale, Ilaidmcr, Howard, Johnson, McDougall,
Nesiuitli, i'omcioy, Uieliaidson, Sherman, and Wright—15.
'i So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. 1 have not been able to attend
the discussions that have taken place on this bill,
;j and I do not know now its precise shape. I have
!( three or four suggestions of amendment to make;
i but I do not know whether some of them may
j not already have been adopted. The Senator
I from Massachusetts probably knows as near what
I shape the bill is in as anybody.
|j Mr. SUMNER. I have tried to follow it.
i; Mr. HOWE. 1 wish to amend the fourth sec-
tion by inserting after the word   departments"
j in line four the words " who may apply to him
h or to either of his assistants or loeal supeiiutend-
; ents for relief;'' so as to give the general super-
h iutendency of all freedmcn who may apply for
the benefit of it, rather than to force it upon all
freed men irrespective of their ability to take care
of themselves.
Mr. SUMNER, I think the idea of the Sen-
! ator is anticipated by an amendment which 1
, have already moved. 1 have not the exact words
! ot it here, but to the effect that the freedmen ate
1 in every lespect to be treated as fieemet>,and that
| no power or control is to be exereiued in rt-gard
J to them except in conformity to law.
| Mr. HOWE. I should like to have that see-
■ tion lead as it now stands.
