THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs.
STATE GOVERNMENT FOB UTAH.
Mr. KINNEY introduced a. bill to enable the
people of Utah to form a State constitution and
State government, and for the admission of such
State into the Union on an equal footing with the
original States*, which was read a first and sccond
time,and referred to the Committee onTerritories.
MAIL SERVICE IN UTAH.
Mr. KINNEY also introduced a bill to enlarge
and increase the mail service in the Territory of
Utah on established routes; which was read a first
and second time,and referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, a bill for increased mail service in the Ter-
ritory of Utah; which was read a first and second
time, ami referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
TRANSPORTATION OF THE MAILS.
Mr. ALLEY introduced a bill to secure the
speedy transportation of the mails; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
A. P. FIELD.
Mr. DAWES. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee of Elections, to which were referred the
credentials of A. P. Field, claiming to be elected
from the State of Louisiana, to submit a report
accompanied by a resolution. I ask that the res-
olution be read, and that the report and resolution
be laid on the table and ordered to be printed.
The resolution was reported, as follows:
Resolved, That A. P. Field is not entitled to a sent m this
House as a Uopieaentative from the State of Louisiana in
the Thirty-Eighth Congress.
The resolution and report were laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
JOSEPH SEGAK.
Mr. DAWES, from the same commitler, to
whom were referred the credentials of Joseph
Segar, claiming to be a Representative from the
State of Virginia, made a report, accompanied by
a resolution*, which were laid on the table, and
ordered to bo printed.
The resolution was as follows!
Resolved, That Joseph Segar is not entitled to a seat in
this House as a UopieMMitative in the Thiity-Eighth Con-
gress from the tir.st district ot Vnginia.
Mr. UPSON. I desire to say that while I con-
cur in the result expressed in the resolution, I do
not agree to some of the statements contained in
the report.
The SPEAKER proceeded,as the next business
in order, to eall the States for resolutions.
DEPARTMENT OF INDUSTRY.
Mr.ORTH introduced the following resolution,
upon which he demanded the previous question:
Jicsolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary he in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of otgauizlng a de-
paitment of Government to he denominated the Depart-
ment of Industry, to embrace under lis Mipeivi-ion and
control a Hiueau of Apiculture, a Bureau of Freedman's
Affairs, a Ihneau of Mines, Mineials, and .Mineral Lands,
and a lJureau of Colonization and humiliation; and to re-
port by bill 01 otherwise.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the resolution was agreed to.
KJSW NAVY-YARD.
Mr. HARRINGTON introduced n resolution,
which was read, considered, and agreed to, in-
structing the Committer on Naval Affaiis to in-
quire into the expediency of establishing a navy-
yard at Madison, in the State of Indiana, and
report by bill or otherwise.
INCREASED PAY OF SOLDIERS.
Mr. IiOLMAN submitted the following reso-
lution, upon which he demanded the previous
question:
Resolved, That the imtm diatc inciease in the p.ty of the
private boldh'rs of the Auny is imperative lv demanded by
every consideration of justice and sound public policy : that
such inctease i* especially nece&^aiy and pioper m behalf
of tho-e soldiers who entered the Annv prior to the adop-
tion of the pie"■ 111 i ebullition*? a- to bounties., and that thu
Committee on Militaiy Athurs bo instructed to report a hill
at the t'aiJiest pMctieable moment inci easing the pay of the
pu'vate soldiers to cotiespond Milwtantiallv with the m-
ciea&e in thepiice of labor, and of all articles ot domestic
consumption since the pay of the private soldier was fixed
at thirteen dollats per munch.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask the gentleman from
Indiana to change his resolution into one of in-
quiry.
Mr. HOLMAN. After so much delay, I think
it proper that there should be a definite expression
on the part of the House upon this subject. ^ if the
pay of our soldiers is to be increased it is time it
were done. The subject has been lefeired to the
Committee on Militaiy Affairs several times as a
matter of inquiry. Such resolutions have pro-
duced no result. The adoption of an imperative
resolution can alone be effective. If gentlemen
favor an increase of the pay of the private soldiers
of our Army, an imperative instruction must be
adopted.
Mr. STEVENS. Does the resolution go over
if debate arises on it?
The SPEAKER. It does not; the previous
question is demanded.
' Mr. STEVENS. I hope it will not be sus-
tained.
The question svasput; and there were—ayes 53,
noes 59.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Ste\ens and
Holman were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 56, noes G5.
So the House tefused to second the demand for
the previous question.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the resolution
be referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I move
that the resolution tie upon the table,and on that
motion I demand the ytas and nnys.
The yeas and nays were ordered,
Mr. WASH BURN E, of Illinois. What is the
pending motion?
The SPEAKER. That the icsolution lie upon
the table, upon which the yeas and nays have
been oideiud.
Mr. WASHKURNE, of Illinois. Does that
motion come fiom the other side of the House?
Mi. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Yes, sir;
it comes fiom a gentleman who intends to vote
against his own motion.
Mr. WASI1BURNE, of Illinois. Well,!, for
one, intend to vote against the motion.
The question was taken ;and it was dccided in
the negative—yea 1, nays 141; as follows:
YEA—Mr. McBihle—I.
NAY?—Mes-ijs. .lames, (7. Allen,Will lam J. Allen, Alle\,
Allison, Ames. Andei: on. Ashley, ttailv, Au« u tns (.' Raid-
win, John 1). Baldwin, Baxter, Beaman, Jacob 11. Blair,
Bli\s, Blow, Boutw U, Bovd, Brooks, Biootnail, J.lines S.
Brown, William C. Blown, Clmnlei, Ambio-e \\ . Olaik,
Fieeman Chnke, ("lav, Cobb, Cofhoth, Cole. Ciaven^,
Thomas T. Davis. Dawes, Dawson, Demuson. Dixon,
Donnelly,Drill"-', PVkJey, Eden, Edgoifon. Kldnd?e, Eliot,
Fmek, Fi ank, Gannon, tioo< h. Cinder, Gminell, Cnswold,
Hide, Hauling, ilamngion, Hernck, Iiigbv, llohn.tn, Hoop-
er, Ilotchki.^, A<ahel VV. Ilubbaui. John U. Ilubbaid,
Nulhuid. Hutching, Jencko, Julian, Kalbtlcf^c h, IvbMm,
Francis W. Kellog<r,Oilando Kclloac. Kei nan. King, Kuapp,
Law, Lazear, Le Dlotul, Loan, Long, Loiis-year, Marey,
Maivin, McCiuig, .McDowell, Mclndoe, Melumiev, bain-
uel F. Miller, William II. Miller, Momli, Daniel \Wouu?,
James R Morris, Morris-on, Amos Myei*, liconaid Mver.-,
Nelson, Noble, Notion, Oiih, Pendleton, Perham, Pike,
Pomeio), Puce, J^i'MK iuulioid, Samuel J. Randall, Wil-
liam II. Randall, Ab-vandei !!. Rice, John If. Rice. Rdw.ud
N. Uoilnis, J.une; S, Rolling Scofieid, Seoit, Shannon,
Smith, Smithejs, Spaldtmr, Si ebbing John 15 St< ele, Wil-
liam CI. Steele, Steven^, Snlo^, Smart, Sweat, Timet,
Thomas, Tiaev, Cp-on, Van Valkenbuigh. Voorheej-,
Wadsworth, Eliiiu J5. Wa.-hbtu ne, William B. Washburn.
Whalcy, Wlu eler, Chilton A. 'White, Joseph W. White,
Willi.tins, Wilder, Wilson, Windom. YVmtield, Benjamin
Wood, Fernando Wood, Woodhridge, and Yeaman—1-11.
So the House lefused to lay the resolution upon
the table.
During the roll-cull,
Mr. L. MYERS stated that Mr. O'Neill, of
j Pennsylvania, had paired off for the day with
Mr. Cox.
Mi. DENNISON stated thathiscolleaguo,Mr.
Ancona, was detained from the House in conse-
quence-of sickness in his family.
The lesult of the vote having been announced
as above recorded, the question recurred on Mr.
StevenjA motion to lefer the resolution to the
Committee on M'litary Affairs.
Mr. HOLMAN. If the resolution is referred
to the Committee on Miliiury Affaius under this
motion,docs it go there as an imperative instruc-
tion, or is it discretionaly with the committee
whether they will report the bill or not?
The SPEAKER. The resolution being im-
perative, has 110 force unless it be adopted by the
House. If referred to the committee, it would
mertly be a matter for inquiry.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then I ask for the yeas and
nays on (he motion to refer.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affumative—yeas 73, nays GG; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson, Ashley,
John D. Baldwin, Ba.xtu, Boaman, Blow, Boutvvoil, Bojd,
Broomall, William G. Brown, Ambrose W. Clark, Free-
man Clarke, Cobb, Cole,Thomas T. Davis, Dawes, Dixon,
I)oimelly,l)iiggs,Eliot,Fains-worth, Fenton, Frank,Coocji,
Gunnell, Hale,'iligby, Hooper, IlotchkibS, Av-aiiei VV.
Hubbard, John H. Hubbard, Ilulburd, Jenckes, Julian,
Kasson, Keilev, Orlando Kellogg, Longyear, Maivin, Mc-
Indoe, Samuel F. Miller, Momli, Daniel Morris, Leonard
Myers, Norton, Orth, Patterson, Peiham, Pike, Pomeroy,
Price, William II. Randall, Alexander II. Rice, John II.
Uiee, James S. Rollins, Scofield, Shannon, Smithera,-
S|)aldinir, Stevei'«, Thayoi, Tracy, Upson, Van Vaiken-
hur^h, fcllihu B. Washbmne, Williftin B. Wash bum, Wil-
liams, Wilder, YVil-on, and Windom—73.
NAYS—Jainci C. Allen, William J. Allen, Au-
gustus C. Bald win, Jacob B. Blair, Biooks, James
S. Brown, Chanler. Ciavens, Dawson, Dennison, Eden,
tirigerton, Hidnclgcj Finck, Ganson, GiHwold, Iiaidmg,
Ilatrin^ton, [Jeriiek, Ilolman, Hutching, Kalblleisch, Ker-
nan, Kins?, Knapp, Law, Lazear, Le I3iond, Long, Mal-
loi>, M.ucy, McChug, McDowell, MoKinncy, William JI.
Milfei, Janusll. Moms, Moiri<on, Amos Mveis, Nelson,
Noble, John O'Neill, Pendleton, Pi nvn, lladloid, Samuel J.
Randall. Robin:«on, Ro5^, Scott, Smith, Stebbins, John B.
Steele, William G. Steele, Stile?, Stuait, Swear, Thomas,
Vooihee>, VVadcvvorth, VVbaley, Wheeler, Chilton A.
White, Joseph W. White, Wiufield, Benjamin Wood, and
Fernando Wood—66.
So the bill was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
During the roll-call,
Mr. WASHBUENE, of Illinois, stated that
Mr. Lovejoy was detained at his residence by in-
disposition.
Mi .COBB stated that his colleague, Mr. Sloan,
was still detained from the House by serious ill-
ness in his family.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hickey,
its Chief Clerk, announced that the Senate had
passed, without amendment, House bill No. 65,
to change the place of holding the circuit and dis-
trict, courts of the United States for the district of
West Tennessee, and for other purposes.
MILITARY ARRESTS, ETC.
Mr. McDOWELL offered the following series
of resolutions, and moved the previous question
on theiradoption:
Repaired, 1. That thi*< House fully recognizes the great
fundamental provision of the Constitution of the United
States- which guaiantie= the freedom of speech to every
A mo ican citizen ; and that neither the I'leaideut, nor any
person acting 111 a suboidmate capacity to him, has the ugh t-
Itil autboiily to aue.-t and imprison a Citizen of the lojal
States I01 the utterance ot sentiments distasteful to the
men in power.
That we recognize m the freedom of the press
the gicut bulwark of civil hbeitj ; and that tho>e pcuon*
temporarily intni^ted with powei have not the lijthtful au-
tboiity, in those State-, not in icbellion, to subveit this gieat
consfiiutional guaianteo by isjuing militaiy ortlers. or by a
re«ort to any other nieaiw unknown to the laws oi the coun-
try*
.'1 That the light to security ofpoison from ariest, in the
Ioj.il States, when no crime is chaiged. i-> a .-acied right
guaiiintied to every citizen ; and that neit^-i the President,
1101 any one actmir by his authonty, ha- the legal light to
atre-i, unpiison, or tiansportoui people without '• due pro-
cas of lawlequinng affidavit, wanant, arrest and trial
bv a ]iny of the counuy imp.u tially selected.
-1. That the privilege ol the wut of habeas corpus is a
fundamental and mhcicnt in;ht belonging to the Amciican
people, solemnly guarantied by exptess provision of tlie
Con.-titution, that cannot be denied to the citizens of the
loyal States, where the courts are open and the administra-
tion of justice unobt-tructed, and a invasion and rebellion"
do not rxi-t.
*>. That the Constitution of the United States is one of
expressed and limited powei>. and that neither Concicss
noi the Eveeutive have the " lawful light" to iutei feie with
the e>iablished lights and domefUe institutions of the sev-
eral State?.
6. That we reaffirm our unalterable devotion to the Con-
stitution of the United States-, and to each and every pio-
vi-uon thereof, asftamed by the fathers, including iho>e pro-
viaioiis rr lating to the i ights ofptopetty and the inviolability
0!'contracts. a« undi-rs-rood and inteipretod by the Supreme
Court of the United States.
Mr. McDOWELL demanded tellers on the pre-
vious question.
Ti-'lld-swriv ordered; and Messrs. MrDowr.LL,
and Wasiiijcrnte, of Illinois, were appointed.
Tlie H'niise divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 45, noes 65.
So iiir pievnnw question was not seconded.
Mr. WASHBCJRNE, of Illinois. I propose to
debate the resolutions.
