1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The SPEAKER. The resolutions go over under
the rule.
PISACiS RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. EDGERTON offered the following reso-
lutions, and demanded the previous question on
their adoption:
Whereas this House on the 17th day of December la-t
adopted, with but one diaseniient vote, the following leso-
lution, to wit: "Resolved, Th.it wo hold it to bo the duty
of Congress to pa^s all ueces>ary bills to supply men and
money, and the duty of the people to lendei every aid in
their power to the constituted authonries of the Govnn-
metit in the crushing out of the rebellion, and in bringing
the leadeis iheieof to condign punishmentTherefoie, in
explanation ol the foregoing isolation, and in tuithei ex-
pression of the opinion and putpo-e oi thK IIou^c,
Resolved, That the aid hitheito hbeially supplied in men
and money, by the people of the United States, to enable
the Federal Executive to pio«>eoute the existing civil war,
Jia-s been $-0 supplied, by all citizens tiuly faithful to the
Fedetal Union and Constitution, for tlie putpose. and no
other, expie^ed in the resolution adopted by Congress In
July, i«6l, declarative of the object oi the war, and com-
monly known as "the Cnttendcn lesolutionand public
lUith,tiueChustian humanity, and wise statesmanship alike
demand stnet adherence by <-the constituted authorities of
the Goveuim' nt'' to the puipose or object of the wir as
thus deeiaied by Congress and accepted by the people.
RaoUed, That the demand ot the Piesident, in his pioc-
lamatum ot December 8, 1803, that the people ol the
States wherein rebellion exists shall swear to abide by
and --uppoit his proclamations of emancipation (in other
words, change, 01 submit to the change, at his dictation,of
their State constitutions, local laws, and dome-lie institu-
tions, not inconsistent with the Constitution of tlie United
States) before such States ot their peopie will by him be
consideied to have ceased to be I11 icb< Hum, and entitled to
paulon or amnesty, and entitled to their constitutional 1 iglits
of State government, m harmony with the Government of
the United States, is, 111 the judgment ot tilt- IIou-e,an op-
pressive and unconstitutional demand, the tendency and
effect ot which, if persisted in and enforced by wai, will be
to substantially change the object and character ot the war
on tin. paitoi the Fedeial Government, from one to pre-
serve, protect, and defend the Con-titutJon of the United
States as the supreme law of the land, to a levolutionaiy
war against the constitutional rights and soveieigntyof Fed-
eral tftatofc, and vutually subveisive of the constitutional
Govermnentofthe United States, and of such a war we now
recotd our disapproval.
Resolved, That in view of the immense power of war de-
manded by the PieMdent and supplied to him by a patnotic
people, and hitheito wielded by him aceoidmg to ins own
will, with little deference or repaid to the opinions and con-
victions of the very huge nnmhei, it not majontv,ot faith-
ful Union eiir/en, in the United States who have doubted
or disapproved hn policy 111 the conduct ot tlie wai and
Ins extraoidmary assumptions of executive power, and i,i
view of the dangt'u- to con.-.iitutional hbeity and the man
ifold evils that ever attend civil war. we de-ue peace and
the replacement under its healthful and benign influence,
with the leatl posMble luither waste of the blood and incis-
ure of the people, of all tlie relations and functions of con-
stitutional Government, State and Fedeial, now dtstuibed
and endaiiL'ei ed ; and we theiefore deprecate all vindictive
and rcvolunonaiy measures and policy, miiitrny or civil, as
tending to divide the Union men of the country, to aggia-
vate tlie evils and to inlensjfj the animosity ol the wai and
prolong its diiianon, and we advise, and docoidi.'Uy invite,
and pledge our conjugation 111 negotiations piopo-:iI< and
effoiw lorpeaee upon tlie ha-is of a lestoiation oi the Fed-
eral Union uudei iheCon-titution <is iti>,leaving lotiie fieo
constitutionalaeuo.) ol tSi<* people the question-ol aniend-
ment< of the Fedeial Const,union, and I'v.wnjjalso to the
people of each State, as their unquestionable iml.f, the right,
and its free exercise, to 101m, legulate, and control their
State constitutions, laws, and domestic instituiion& m their
own way, subject only to the Constitution oi the United
States.
Mr. ARNOLD. I move that the resolutions be
laid upon tlie table.
Mr. HOLMAN. On that motion I call for,the
yeas and nays.
Mr. FENTON". I ask the gentleman from Il-
linois to withdraw his motion und let the resolu-
tions go to the committee appointed on that subject.
Mr. ARNOLD. At the suggestion of the gen-
tleman front New York 1 withdraw the motion.
The previous question was not seconded.
Mr. ARNOLD. I propose to debate the reso-
lutions.
The SPEAKER. Then they go over, under
the rule.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, 1ms the
morning lioui exphed?
The SPEAKER. It has.
TIIE QRAD IS OI'1 LIEUTENANT GENERAL.
Mr. FARNSWORTH, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported back, with an amend-
ment in the nature of a substitute, House bill No. j
26, reviving the grade of lieutenant general 111 the ]
United States Army. I
The substitute revives, section one, the grade ,
of lieutenant general in the Aimy of the United !
>States, anu authorizes the President, wheoov- r ho <
shall deem it expedient, to appoint, by and with the j
advice and consentof the ScJ*ftte,acommander of I
the Army, to be selected,during war, from among
those officers m the military service of tlie United
States not below the grade of major general who
are moht distinguished for courage, skill, and abil-
ity, and who shall be authorized, under the direc-
tion of the President, to command the armies of
the United Stabs. By tlie second section the
lieutenant general so appointed is to be entitled
to the pay, allowances, and stalT described in the
act of 28th May, 1798; also to the allowances de-
scribed in the sixth section of the act approved
August 23,184:2; provided that nothing in the bill
shall be construed to affect m any way the rank,
pay, and allowances of Wtnfield Scott, lieuten-
ant general by bievet, now on the retired list of
the Army.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to ask the gentleman
who reported the bill whether it is essential that
there should be a limitation as to the persons from
whom the selection is to be made—whether the
President should not have power to select from
anv rank he may think proper?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The limitation in the
bill is that tile lieutenantgeneral shall be appoint-
ed from among office is of the Army most distin-
guished, not below the grade of mm or general.
Mr, STEVENS. But why should that be, if
the President can find a belter man below that
grade?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The supposition is
that the best men for the position aie to be found
in the grade of major generals. Promotions in the
Army are supposed to be based on merit.
Mr. STEVENS. How much do the pay and
emoluments of u major ?eneial amount to?
Mr. FARNS WORTH. 1 think the pay and
emoluments of a major genewd are a little above
$400 a month. The pay of Lieutenant General
Scott is about ^720 a month, including all allow-
ances.
Mr. STEVENS. If I lecollcct the act of last
Congress, it authorized tlie President to appoint
anybody commander-in-chief, without regard to
grade. Am I risht?
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I think not. The law
provides that tlie President may designate a com-
mander of a depai tment, or aeommander-in-chief
of the Army, but he must be of an equal guide.
That is, he cannot place a btigadicr general over
a major geneial; but he may place a junior brig-
adier general or a junior major general over his
seniois of the same grade.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. 1 desire to ask my col-
league a question. I would like him to tell the
House whither the bill which has been reported
fiom the Committee 011 Military Affairs restricts
the President, in making the appointment, to the
inajoi geneials of the regular A1 my ? May he
m h et fiom majoi geneials in command of volun-
teer*?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. lie may select front
oilhet the tegular or the volunteer forces. I have
no disposition to discuss this matter further; and
if other gentlemen do not wish to speak to it I
Will call for the pievious question.
Mr. PENDLETON. Has the amendment e vet-
been printed ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Of course not. The
bill and the amendment aie both biief.
Mi. PENDLETON. Docs not the gentleman
propose to ha\e them printed5
Mr. FARNS WO liTIJ. No, sir.
Mr. PENDLETON. Is it not extraordinary
that thoie should be action called on a matter of
such impoitanee without permitting us to hear
what the amendment is mote than by heaimg it
read from the Cleik's desk?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The amendment is a
small one; we struck out one 01 two words and
111 se 1 ted others. The arm 'iidiiR n ts of the 01 iguial
bill were rather informal.
Mi. PENDLETON. Has the original bill
been printed ?
Mt. FARNSWORTH. I think that it was not
ordered to be piinted. It was introduced at an
early day, and leferrud to the Committee on Mili-
tdiy Ailairs.
Mr. PENDLETON. If it was introduced at
an eatly day it ouirht to have been printed.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I call fur the previous
question.
Mr. PENDLETON. I move that the further
consideration of the suhj'ect hp postponed until j
this day week. 1
The SPEAKER. That is not in order during
the demand for the previous question. r
Mr. PENDLETON. I hope that the gentle-
man will withdraw his demand for the previous
question, so that the matter may be postponed to
a day certain.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. X should rather not
do that.
On seconding the demand for the previous ques-
tion there were, on a division—ayes 50, noes 60.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded
tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Farnsworth
and Pendleton were appointed.
The call for the previous question was not
seconded, the tellers having repurtcd—ayea 58,
noes 6G.
Mr. PENDLETON. I now move that the fur-
ther consideration of the subject be postponed
until after the morning hour on Monday next,
and that the bill and amendment be printed.
_ Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If that mo-
tion be voted down, will not the bill and amend-
ment be up for action ?
The SPEAKER. That will be the result.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope that
the motion to postpone will not be agreed to.
Mr. PENDLETON. We only want time to
have the bill and amendment printed, so that we
may examine it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope that
this will be considered a test vote.
Mr. PENDLETON. You cannot make it a
test vote.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 83, nays 56; as follows:
YBAS—Messrs. James tj. Allen, William J. Alton, Bally,
Augustus C. Baldwin, Jacob B. Blair, Brooks, James S.
Blown, Wiiham G. Brown, Chanler, Freeman Clarke,
Clay, CofTroth, Cole, Ci livens, Henry Winter Davis, Daw-
son, Demsison, Eden, Edijerton, Eldridse, Finck, Gannon,
Gai field, Gnder,Giiswold, Hale. Harding, Harrington, Ben-
jamin G. Harris, Chailes M. Harris, florricJc, HoJman,
Hutching, Knlhflei-ch, Oilando Kellowg, Kernan, King,
Knapp, Law, La/ear, Le Blond, Long, Mallory. Marcy,
McDowell, MoKmney, William H. Miller, IVloiriil, Daniel
Mom*, J.uues Jl. IVIoiris, Morrison, Amos Myers., Nelson,
Noble, John O'Neill, Gith, Patterson, Pendleton, Price,
Pruyn, Samuel J. Randall, James ,S. Rollins, Scott, Shan-
non, Smitheis, John B. Steele, Stevens, Stiles, Stuart,
Sweat, Thayer, Thomas, Tiacy, Vooihees, Wade*worth,
W'haley, Wheeler, Chilton A. While, Joseph W. White,
Winfichl. Benjamin Wood, Fernando Wood, and Wood-
hi idse—83.
NAYS—Me«i«rs. Alloy, Anderson, Arnold, Ashley, John
13. Baldwin, Baxter, licatnan, Blame, Francis P. Blair,
Blew, Boutwell, Biandei^ee, Brooinall, Ambrose W. Clark,
Cobb, Thomas T. Davi^, Dawes, Dennus?, Dixon, Dtifrgs,
Kekley, "Eliot, Farnsworth, Fouion, Franks Gnnnell, Hig-
by, Asahel W. Ilubbard, John H. ihibbaid, Hulburd, Kel-
ley, Francis W. Kellogg, Lonayear, Marvin, McClurg, Me-
liuioe, Leonard Myeis, Norton, Peiham, I'ike, Pomeioy,
William II. Randall, Alexamlei II. llice,John II. Riee,Ed-
ward 11. Rollins, Ro=s, Seofield, Smith, Spalding, Up^on,
Elilm B, Washburnc, William B. Washburn, Wilder, Wil-
son, Wmdom, and Yeaman—56.
So the motion to postpone was agreed to.
During1 the vote,
Mr. DEM 1NG stated that his colleague, Mr.
English, had been called home by sickness.
The vote was then announced as above re-
corded.
Mr. PENDLETON moved to reconsider the
vote just taken; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENKOIjLKD BILL.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and found
conectly enrolled u bill (H. R. No. 65) to change
the place of holding the circuit and district courts
of the United States for the district of West Ten-
nessee, and for other purposes; when the Speaker
signed the same.
GENERAL Jl'CLELLAN's REPORT.
Mr. PRUYN asked unanimous consent to in-
troduce the following resolution:
Resolved, That fifty thousand additional copies of Gen-
eral MeClellan's report he punted for the use of this House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, objected.
EMANCIPATION IN KENTUCKY.
Mr. ANDERSON asked unanimous consent
to introduce the following resolution:
Wherea- the President of the United States has here-
tofore reeominemlod that Congress make an appropriation
