1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2355
j!
operations. There is no better provision than ||
this contained in the bill. If is a liberal provis- |!
ion, too, su. It givers (hem ten >eais in which
to pay up their subscriptions of stock', lequiring
the directors to assess not less than five percent,
within every six months. I humbly .submit that
a stockholder who is not prepared to pay five
dollais on the hundred within six mouths hud
better keep out and go into some other business
that he is capaeiiated for and that hid fortune is
adapted to.
Before I close, Mr. President, I desire to cor-
rect one mistake into which my honorable friend
from Michigan has fallen by calling what is prop-
cily to be denominated the middle section of this
jjroat work, that between tiie one hundredth de-
giee and the western boundary of the Territory
of Nevada, the main line. There are branches
on the eastern end of this road; hut it is the main
line beyond that, and there are to be no branches
there.
I desire to state also in this connection that the
Central Pacific Railroad Company of California,
organized in accordance with the provisions of
the act to which tins is an amendment or sup-
p!< ment, have enteied upon the building of the
main Pacific railroad. They have already con-
structed end finished and are running cars upon
some thirty-two miles of the road to-day. They
have subscribed largely to the stock, and have
paid in more t[ian a million and a quarter of dol-
lais. They have paid in, not ten per cent, on
^,000,0011, which would be $200,000, but about
§1,2,">0,000 of thejr own money, and no bonds of
1 he Government have yet. been issued to them.
This bill prov ah s lot the issuing of bonds to them
in the propei way.
I desiiod in passing to make this statement to j
show that we on tin- Pae;fie slope, so deeply in-
t< lesfcd in this great v;oi k, have engaged honestly
and earnestly in us consfruction, that we ate in
favor of just such a provision as this to make
every subscriber pay in money for the eonsti ac-
tion ol the woik, so" that it shall not always be
when the day comes that the mteiest fails due
upon the bonds provided to be issued that the
Go vei nment must m every case pay, and it thus
h<> a gratuity on the part of the Govt rnment ot
the en i ire $00,000,0()U, but so that the subset ibers
bring bona jidf suo.nci ibers, having as required to
do paid tin ir subseuption on then stock, shall he
able to pay their mteiest hki^nnn, we agreeing
on the part of the Government to pay the interest
when they tail. I am glad that discussion has
arisen heie upon this ptoposiium, because the
country should undetstand that while we are en-
gaged in ofl'einig the most munificent provision
to the moneyed men of the countiy fo  engaging
in this woik we intend at the same tune ihat it
shall be entered upon and carried out m good
faith.not by sperulatois, but by men of substance
who are iiiteiested m the public welfare and who
desne to serk an increase of their fortune in the
ruost legitimate ijianrnT.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Califor-
nia does not understand, or does noi seem to un-
deisiaial, the motive i had in calling Ihe attention
(1 del not,move an amendment) of the chairman
ot the committee to this ehtu.se. It was dimply to
say thed it was an unusual provision, :hat I had
r seen it m any cot poration heO-so.
'Die Senatoi has alluded to some men that may
purpose to subscribe a.ui oo not mteod fo pay
then subscriptions. 1 do not know any one that
has subscfioeij, or who would be likely to sub-
scribe , that is not able to pe y he- len per cent. and
finally ins hundred p< i < enu It is an intimation
that 1 have never baud of befole.
Mr. CON NESS. if tlm Sen itm will permit
 ne, J ha\e made no infMuatiou.it all. i have not
dt ail With lie- iv'uMoi m<aiv> s. 1 rone- d" them
to be a-' fur as mine. I have made f,n intima-
tion i e l' udi."-' any subscinuT. I h uv discussed
ihe proposition nut ly as the Sea at or [n est nted it.
M.\ POMEROY. 1 understood flu Senator to
ihat pane's who d,d n<n intend to pay *l •"
of the committee thinks it is a provision that
ought to be in the bill I certainly shall notunder-
take to strike it out.
Mi. HOWARD. I do most sincerely confess
that I regard this provision of the bill as veiy
essential, indeed, with meit would be a condi-
tion precedent to voting for the rest of the bill.
If this clause was stricken out I certainly could
not, according to my present convictions, vote
for the remainder of the bill. The Government,
certainly, is entitled to some little security that
this corporation shall make an endeavor to pay
the interest which it will owe from year to year,
and this is really the only security which we have
in the bill that they will make that attempt. Is
it unreasonable ? It seems to me it is not unrea-
sonable. We have abandoned all the forfeitures
in the old bill. We have no right to put our hand
on this property and call it forfeited for the breach
I of condition. We have dispensed with that and
| released all forfeitures. I ask my friend from
! Kansas whether it is unreasonable to ask of a
bona fide stockholder and subscriber, an honest
man, who wants to sce-this road built and who
wants to assist in budding it, to contribute upon
his certificate of §100 ten dollais a year to curry
on this project and to aid the company in per-
forming its obligation of repaying to the United
States the interest which the United States may
have to pay? Is it unreasonable ? Jlseomstome
not.
Mr. POMEROY. It was notthe hardship that
[ was talking about. I did nut say I did not want
him to pay it. I do. It is only because J thought
it belonged to the corpoiation to make the assess-
ments, and that it should not be declared by act
of Cangie.vs.
Mr. CONNESS. 1 so understood the Senator.
The PRESIDING OEF1CER. The question
is on the amendment as amended.
Mr. HOWARD. What is the motion?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is no
motion before the Senate. The question now is
on the amendment of the committee as amended
by the Senate.
Mr. POMEROY. I desire to call the Senator's
attention to one mote piovisiori in this same sec-
tion. It is this clause m line out hundred and five:
Hut no dn< < tit.. oifir* Diplo^ c oi 1 be < onipany -'hall
;n l ,i- tie' auotne\ or pi  \\ of any ^ii:ueiiolili-i at any an-
imal ot oilici uiiM'linu' o! tin* ^toelJioldrr-.
That is a provision that 1 have never before
seen m any corporation, forbidding any pnson
employed by the company to take the pioxy ol
a stoekholdi"r and \ot<>atlbe annual meeting.
Mi. HOWARD. The language is, "no di-
lector, officer, or employe of the company shall
act as the attorney or pioxy of any &h.uohold< r
at any annua! or other meeting of ihe sun blund-
ers." That is not an unusual provision in shat-
ters The oitjt.ef is 'o make ihe proxy ot a! I in uev
as fiee as possible fioni all extianeous influences,
{o ns.tk'1 him impartial iu the administration and
discharge of his duty. 1 certainly regard that as
a \ cry tj-senfral clause in the hill.
J\h. POM E ROY. The busim^s of the man
who votes as pi ox y for another is to voteaccoid-
ing to his lost i uetious, and the attorney may as
w< li be a d:i(•<.((>t or a stockholder or an employe
of' ihe eouipany as anybody else. It is only for
hira to vote the proxy under the tnstiuctions of
the shall lioidi.i wen g:v< s it to him. It oceuned
to meth I it m"Jp be an inconvenience to forbid
sons < onne< led \wrli this load to vote as the
when they attend the annual
say :
■ spend their tune specu-
tions hat; len^r sp
laung \.i \Ytui s'iei I.
tvi 1. CONNER. I did say so.
Mi. POMEKOY. i do not. d- s;-n to novo any
aim udn.ent to th-s clause. ] ralk'd the artennen
of the Senate toif simply as an unusual pro\ ision,
and one that I thought would jirevent the taking
r.f the stock. I snli ;luuk so; hut if the rhdii n.nii
pe
proxy of o!
meefnig.
Air. JIOWARD. I believe there is no motion
made to Mt ii\e i,nl.
Mr. POYIEROY. No; 1 will not make that
motion. 1 fhoucht the Senator would make it.
Mr MOW AIM.). Nn, sir; I think not. I re-
paid tint as a \ety essential clause. It is cer-
tain! v vi : y -'n nser\ af i ve m its i nflu< nee.
The P!t!':siJ)ING OPE1CER. Is the Sniate
ieady for the question /);i the amendment of the
roTiiUiitfee a 1 amended '
|V1). fl A 'v f, \ ,\r. I d'.-irrt to submit several
amendments \<> tliat amemlment which I have
not hod time to pr<paie, and I tbeiehne niovu
th<>t the furcha-r consalei'ation of the subject he
p11fpo1!ed until fo-morrow.
Alr.TRUA) iKJLL. if the Senatoi fnuo Iowa
will ailowme, theie are one or two amendments
that I should like to suggf sr.
Mr. HARLAN. I have no objection to that,
and I will withdraw my motion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I call the attention of
the chairman of the committee.to this clause in
the one hundred and fifty-seventh lino of the first
scction:
Tho Government directors shall bee# officio membcisof
al! blaiuling committees.
I suggest to the chairman of the committee and
to the Senate that tiiat provision may he very
inconvenient. Companies often appoint commit-
tees, say of three; there are two Government di-
rectors; and if you put both the Government di-
rectors upon every committee you will always have
a committee as large as five. These Government
directors are to lflok after the interests of the
Government; and it occurs to me that it would be
better to say, <f at least one of the Government
directors shall be a member of each standing
committee."
Mr. HOWARD. When we have a corpora-
tion of such magnitude as this, it seems to me
we may assume that the standing committees
will consist of more than three persons. The
board of directors will consist of twenty-one, and
it is not very likely that any of their standing
committees will consist of less than live. The
clause was framed on that idea, and it was framed
at the suggestion of one of the present Government
directors. Under the old law the Government di-
rectors had no power or authority whatever.
Mr. POMEROY. I suggest to the Senator
that as there will be notonlyan executive com-
mittee and a committee on finance, but various
other committees, and as these two Government
i directors are to be on all the committees, they
cannot ait on these various committees meeting
in d iffoient parts of the country at the same time.
Mr. HOWARD. My reply to that is, 1 am
t a member of three standing committees of thi<?
body, which committees very frequently are all
in session on the same day and at the same hour.
Mr. POMEROY. Not all over the United
States.
Mr. HOWARD. It is about as difficult for
mc to distribute myself on these three commit-
tees as it would be for these two Govei nment di-
rectors to attend all the committor that may be
! raised. I believe, m short, in giving to theGov~
! eminent director full power and authority to in-
; sped, and, so far as possible for them to do, to
, control the proceedings of this corporation. The
| Government is vastly mteiested in it. The bill
' gives i hem the ughtnotonly of constituting a part
; of every one of the standing committees, but
! gives to them the further nghtof visitation, sub-
i Manually, of all the nffaus of the company, and
' jequirc* them to n port trom time to time to the
Seeietary of the Interior any information which
' they may have in their possession fu for him to
, know, and whene\er he shall call upon them tor
j inhumation. I look upon it as \iry important
i that these gentlemen thus iepresontnig the Gov-
i eminent and the interests ol the Government in
this corpotation should Jyivc very huge powers;
for it will be impossible, or next to impossible,
at least, for ihem to abuse then jioweis, and I
foiesee thai «ome advantage wdl usult from giv-
ing ihem most ample authority.
Mr. TUUM1JULL. i emieur entirely in the
propnety of these Government directors having
the power of visitation and ample authority to
look into ihe affairs of this company and protect
the interests of the Government; and it wns not
with a view of t,iking horn them any of these
poweis that 1 made the suggestion. It occurred
to me that lh ie might he an inconvenience in
ha\ in"- both of tin; Government dn eetois upon all
of these committees. 1 am not very familiar with
(heinternal ai laugenients <>f rmiroad corpor.itions,
but I was under ihe impiession that they often had
committees of fhiee peisnns, and m a hoard of
fueniy-ono directois i thought it might subject
the company to inconvenience ;f we required :hem
to have i he 1 wo Govi nn.u nt dnv< tois up >n every
committee. I am for the railioad bill, i wish it
to be und- if.tood ; I am f a i n<-aly in favor of it;
and I want the loll m sueh a way as that it will
woik, that there will ho no unn.ee. ssary jarring
of the ma< hi.iei y ; ;.:ul f thought if v/e said that
fi! '".ist one of ihem should bo upon cach stand-
in:? e<iium11;"e, u, would perhaps avoid some difH-
cuity and ,-:ome inconvenience. That is the only
o! }fe,t I h.ivj to it.
