1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
1379
negotiating in Philadelphia $511,000,000 in fivc-
tweniy bonds. After that exhibition of financial
ability, and after the patriotism shown by the
citizens of that city, why sho.uld there be ail at-
tempt made here to strike down Philadelphia in-
terests? I trust that gentlemen from other sec-
tions of the country will see how the interests of
their sections are also to be stricken at, and will
give a quietus to the proposition of the gentleman
lrom Iowa.
Mr. ALLEY. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. WILSON. Irenewit. I merely wish to
state in reply to the gentleman from Massachu-
setts that lie cannot teach a western man anything
in relation to the rate of exchange which they
have to pay in the West. He may theorize upon
it, but we have the stubborn facts to deal with.
\Ve have'the experience of past years. He says
that we cannot expect the rate of exchange to be
as great against the national currency as it has
been against the currency of the western banks.
That may be. We have had to pay as high as
fifteen per cent, on western money. It may be
that we will have to pay two or three per cent,
on the currency of (he national banks, unless (hey
are required to redeem at New York.
Mr. ALLEY. Will my friend from Iowa an-
swer me one question: whether (here was any
difference of exchange between the West and the
East—beyond, say, one quarter or one half per
cent.—that did not grow out of the depreciation
of western money?
Mr. WILSON. We had in the We?t banks
established on United States stocks that were just
as safe, just as sound as the banks proposer! to
be established under this bill; and yet we had to
pay two, three, five, or ten per cent, exchange on
their currency. There will be the same causes
opeiating, probably not to so great an extent,
against the currency of the national banks, {or this
reason: there will be still a currency m existence
better than the currency of these national bunks.
This bill provides for the issuing of £,300,000,000
cf currency. That is not a sufficient amount to
crowd out of circulation nil the Treasury notes
of the United States. These notes are legal
tender for all public or private dues, wheieas the
notes of these national banks are not to be legal
tender as between individuals. Consequently the
legal-tender notes of the Government will be bet-
ter in all parts of the country than the notes of
these national banks. That will create rates of
exchange gieafer against the notes of the national
banks than against the currcncy issued by the
Government. We must guard against that un-
less we wish the people of the western States to
be taxed unnecessarily. But we have within our
hands a remedy that will be ample and complete
if we lequire them to redeem in the city of New
York. We will have then established as perfect
a uniformity of currency in the country as can
be established. We may have to allow one eighth
or one quarter per cent, to eo\er the cost of re-
demption in the city of New York. That will
cover the entire rate of exchange that wc will be
subject to. I hope everv western man will sup-
port the proposition. The argument made by
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall]
against it is merely that o( local interest. I hope
that we shall look at the interests of the whole
country, and allow no higher discount than will
cover the cost of redemption m New Yotk. I
withdraw my amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to amend the amend-
ment bystnking out the words " New York,"
and inserting m lieu thereof as follows:
And the notes r i e.u-h nation,ti H-^oci.itinu ■shall bo re-
ceived by eveiv other national a^ocMtion at pru.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I am opposed to this
whole system of central redemption. I believe itis
enough that every bank pays its notes where it
promises to pay them according to the oid sys-
tem, and that there ought to be none of tins dis-
crimination.
But I am willing that the se notes shall go from
one end of the country to the other at pat, where
ever they go, and that will be the effect if we com-
pel each association to receive at par the notes of
every other association. A nd there is no danger in
it. They are all secured m (he same way, by na-
tional bonds. Then n gentleman siartiu^ from Iowa
with his pockets full nf these notes, as my friend
will some day stait, when he get* to Milwaukee,
can exchange them at par for the money issued
there. He can go to New York, and they will
be at par, as they will in every part of the Union.
I am, however, opposed to requiring these na-
tional banks to redeem their circulation at any
other point than that where they are issued.
Mr. MORRILL. When the proposition was
first before the House I was against the adoption
of the system; but the question now arises
whether we shall adopt such necessary amend-
ments as will improve and perfect it in its opera-
tions, or whether we shall allow it to remain with
all the deformities which are acknowledged to
exist in it.
I believe that the proposition as originally re-
ported by the Committee of Ways and Means,
establishing a certain number of places where
these notes were to be redeemed, was amply suffi-
cient, and that the additions which have been
made here in a fit of good nature have not been
adopted, possibly for the purpose of perfecting
the bill, but rather for the purpose of destroying it.
I very much fear that the amendment of the
gentleman now pending, if adopted, will in effect
put an end to (he system, for the reason that capi-
talists will not invest their money in the stocks
of these banks if each is to be responsible for the
management of all the other banks in the country.
I do not know whether the gentleman fiom
Pennsylvania offered the amendment forthe pur-
pose of killing the bill or not, but I am afraid it
will be entirely fatal if it shall be adopted.
Now, Mr, I hope when we come to vote upon
this bill in the House we bhall vote down the
amendments, including all the little places which
have been voted m here, and that we shall simply
include the places mcorpoiated into the bill as
oi i^maliy reported.
The question being on the amendment to the
amendment,
Mi. MORRILL called for tellers.
Tellers were oulercd; and Messrs. Pike and
English were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayc<5 54, no< s 51.
The CHAIRMAN voted in the negative.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HOOPER. I move "to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the last wotd. 1 do it for
the purpose of saying to the gentleman from Iowa
that an amendment was prepared to be put into
the next section, which I think will obviate his
objection. It is that it shall be at the option of
banks established elsewhere than in New York
to redeem their circulation there at a discount of
a fifth or a quarter of one pnr cent., or at par, aS
the House may choose to fix it. In other words,
I propose to allow these banks throughout the
country to make their redemption at New Yoik
instead of at these seveial points.
Mr. WILSON. That does not meet the idea
I had in view at all. I wish to compel these hanks
to redeem their notes m New Yoik. and not meiely
leave it at then option to redeem them there. Sup-
pose (hey determine not to redeem them there,
how much will the gentleman's amendment
amount to>
Mr. HOOPER, withdrew his amendment.
Mr. DAVIS, ofNew Yoik. I ionew the amend-
ment. 1 do it lor the leason that I believe the
provisions covered by the amendment are wise
ones. We all know that New Yoik is the great
center of the commci ce of this country, and there
is no legislation that this Congress could adopt
which would pievent New Yoik from remaining
that centcr. San Francisco, Chicago, New Or-
leans, and every other city in the country, ha<* its
commercial relations, in the city ofNew Yoik, and
Congress cannot put a stop to those relations.
Vast amounts of gold and paper are sold m mar-
ket, and the results of that sale m maikot are con-
centrated in the ciiyofN wYoik. These insti-
tutions are always i eceivmg papei in New York,
which eoes thejo for rtdompfion.
'.raking that into consideration, theie is no hard-
si) ip m piovidir.g that the banks may redeem in
New York at oncquarterof one per cent. There
is an inducement held out to every bank in the
country to make its redemption there, because it
must of necessity by the laws of commerce have
its commercial relations with that point. All you
want to do beyond the oidinary b'nelit these
banks have by their collection m New \<>rk is
to give them what will cover insurance. One
quarter of one per cent, is perhaps a fair price for
that. Then you must remember that that is no
more than every man is willing to pay as insur-
ance on his own account. He gets his draft on
New York for one quarter of one per cent. He
would prefer to pay that rather than transmit
currency by mail.
Every consideration points to thejustice as well
as the expediency of this provision. K is to the
interest of the banks to redeem at New York. 1
tell gentlemen from the West that I have been in
most of the western States, and I say that where
ever you find an institution of$I00,000 or $200,000
you will find its redeeming and collecting agents
in New York city. 1 do not know of a single
bank throughout the broad West which is an ex-
ception to that rule. It is to their interest to do
so. If we give them power to collect whatitcosts
to put their funds there we will come the nearer to
establishmgauniformityof currency than by any
other couise.
Mr. BLOW. I am astonished when I hear the
gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Wilson] propose to
concentrate everything in the great commercial
capital oftheconnfry, thocity ofNew York. 1 am
not surprised when I hear other gentlemen make
similar propositions, but I am astonished when
I hear a gentleman from the West, the neglected
West, offer to part with the privilege we have
now to redeem at home. I say, sir, that I can-
not withhold my astonishment th.it this proposi-
tion should come from that source when the whole
legislation of the country seems to be tending to
the sea-board. When we have a system of bank-
ing which allows to the banks of the West the
privilege that is given to other banks, a west-
ern Representative submits a proposition which
makes us tributary to the city ofNew York.
Mr. Chairman, I know something of banking
in the West. I know something of banking in
Iowa and Minnesota, and I know that the people
of those States have been shaved simply for the
want of a uniform .system of banking. Now,
when we arc to have a law that will protect the
people th£from enormous losses, the moment
we are about to accomplish that purpose, this
proposition is moved by the gentleman from
Iowa. 1 hope that the amendment will not pre-
vail, and that the places named m the bill will be
allowed to remain.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. I withdraw my
amendment.
Mr. WILSON. Irenewit. Iamnotsurprised,
Mr. Chairman, at the remarks of the gentleman
fiom Missouri. The fact that in the bill as re-
ported by the committee St. Louis is fixed as ona
of these points at which balances shall be kept
and redemption may be had, is a sufficient expla-
nation. I want to ask him what advantage it
would be to a merchant in Iowa to have the privi-
lege of having Iowa notes redeemed at St. Louis
when he wants to pay a debt in New York? I
say now, as I have said before, that experience
is better than theory. I am not legislating for
the benefit of St. Louis, but for the security of
the people of the West; to secure to them a uni-
form currency. By allowing the western banks
to redeem at St. Louis, Chicago, and San Fran-
cisco you will always have the late of exchange
against them. That is my leason for my course,
and it is clear enough to my mind to warrant me
in asking this House to support the amendment
which i have submitted, and which I believe, if
adopted, will give universal satisfaction to the
business men of the West, unless it may be those
located at Chicago, St. Louis, and the points
named in this bill where balances are to be kept
and redemptions are to be made. I withdraw my
amendment to the amendment.
Mr. W. J. ALLEN. I would like to inquire
of the gentleman who has charge of this bill
whether it is the object of those of his political
ilk to dtive out of circulation all currency issued
by State authority ? Is centiuh^ation, monetarily
considered, now to be the law r This movement—
if such be the fact, and I suppose it is ftom what
I have seen here to-day—is but the reinaugura-
tion of the old national bank system under the
auspices of Nicholas Biddle. Ate we to be treated
with the same plate of soup m this time of our
direst trouble, which nauseated the stomach of
the nation at the lime when Jackson was at the
helm of State i We have no Jackson theie now.
Tins must be admitted by all. I>ut we have a
man at the wheel of power whose early education
