2350
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 19,
Mr. GRIMES. The best way would be to in-
crease the number of Government directors from
three to five.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That would make it more
unwieldy. -
Mr. GRIMES. That would only be a fair
proportion. There are now twenty-one directors
and only two Government directors.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is not my proposition,
and I have no intention to make a proposition, to
take away from the Government directors any of
their authority of visitation or power to look into
the affairs of this company at any time. 1 en-
tirely concur in what the Senator from Michigan,
the chairman of the committee, has said on that
subject; but it does strike me, and I confess I am
not quite satisfied about it now, that it would be
better to say " at least one of those directors
shall be upon each of the standing committees;"
and both might be put on still, notwithstanding
such a provision.
^ Mr.CONNESS. I desire pimply to suggest to
the honorable Senator fiom Illinois that whatever
condition you make upon this particular point
will be a condition precedent; the company will
be awaie of it; and they will adapt their commit-
tees to it, whatcvei it is.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think it will produce an
inconvenience to leave itasit is. It seems to me
we do not want all the Government directors on
every one of these committees, and, as has been
well said by the Senaior (rum Kansas, acting at
the same time. They must be upon every com-
mittee, to carry on this ^reat undertaking, if they
discharge their duty. The Senator (Venn Michi-
gan says he is on several committees. I know
it, and he discharges his duty very faithfully on
all of them. With the view of testing the ques-
tion, I will move to insert the words (l atleastone
of" before the word " the," m the one hundred
and fifty-seventh line of the first section, so that
it will rend:
At least one of tin* f*o\ eminent directois i.hall lie an ex
ojjicio member of till siuiHlntjj committees.
Then I will move the othei amendment below,
to make the phraseology complete, if tins amend-
ment is adopted.
Mr. 110W"A! tD. Lft us see how this will
work. At least, one of these two Government
directors shall be a member ofench standing com-
mittee. Suppose the company to have become
organized, us board of directors regularly formed,
and its standing committees regufaily appointed.
Then the provision of the Senator from Illinois
is looked at, and it declares that at least one of
these two persons shall be a membei of each of
these standing committees. Which one, sir' Who
is to determine > Which of these two Govern-
ment directors is to take his seat m ihe eomniittee-
room of a given one of these standing commit-
tees? John Doe says he will not, and Richard
Roe, the other director, says he will not do so,
and f suppose they would have to appeal to rec-
oncile their differences pethaps to the honoiable
Senator from Illinois who lias oOei ed this amend-
ment. How is he going to make i he selection of (lie
one Government diteetor who isgomg to occupy
a. seat upon this committee or that committee? lie
does not explain that. I see no inconvenience
whatever ni saying to both these Government
directors, 14 You shall he under an obligation to
aci as membei s ofench one of these standing com-
mittees;" for we do not say m so many woids
that each one shall sit and act at the same time
with each one of these committees, but each one
can have an opportunity of visiting each one of
the standing committees. The pioposition of the
Senator from Illinois, who ha* bad this clause
under his consideration ever since it has been
proposed to the committee, renders it utterly im-
practicable. Ft destroys entirely the object aimed
at by tlus^ provision. I had hoped to have the
support oi the honorable Senator from Illinois
in the passage of the hill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 am sorry that my friend
from Michigan looks upon this proposition in the
light he does. Suppose this road to be in opera-
tion; you want a finance committee in the. city of
New York, wheie the principal office is to be, and
where you want one of your Government direct-
ors to see how the finances of the company are
cairied on, and its general business; you\vant
another committee on (he line of the road, proba-
bly a construction committee; how are you going
to have the two directors you have got members
of both committees ? There is no difficulty as to
which of the directors shall be upon a committee
if it is said one shall be. Cannot the president
of the board of diiectors appoint the committee
and designate one of them ? One of them is made
by your law a member of the committee, so that
he is compelled to put one on. Can he not make
the selection? We have fifty Senators, and we
have got a rule that there shall be a Committee
on Finance composed of seven Senators. Who
is to determine what members shall be on that
committee ? The Presiding Officer.
Mr. HOWARD. The Senator assumes that
the appointment of the standing committees is to
be by the president of the board of diiectors. It
so happens that the bill does not contain any such
clause.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The bill authorizes the
directors to make by-laws and regulations not in-
sistent with the Constitution and laws of the coun-
try; and does not the Senator from Michigan know
that every board adopts its by-laws and provides
for the appointment of its committees, and either
vests the power in the president or somebody
else? I am astonished at such sort of objections
as these, and I am astonished at any feeling on
this question on the part of the Senator from Mich-
igan. It is to facilitate the operations of this com-
pany that 1 have made the suggestion. You have
got but two Government directors, and you pro-
pose to have them on every committee. It seems
to me that will work inconvenience. If the Sen-
ate does not think so, keep them both on all the
committees. It is not a matter that I care to dis-
cuss; but I cannot assent to the idea which is sug-
gested here that there is a difficulty in determining
which of the two shall be on a committee because
the law does not provide that the president shall
appoint the committees, when you have given au-
thority to the diiectors to make their by-laws, and
one of the ptovsions ot the by-laws m all corpo-
rations of this Kind is a provision determining
how its committees shall be appointed. The law
merely detei mines that om of the^t; pel sons must
go upon a committee. It does not say which.
That may be settled by the by-laws of the com-
pany, under the appointment of the presiding offi-
cer of tiie directors, or by election of the board
of directors.
Mr. HOWARD. We are now acting on the
bill which we propose to convei t into a law. We
are not passing by-laws for this company, nor
making piovisions fur the passage of by-laws,
nor saying what bv-iaws may be passed or may
not be passi d. We are passing a law regulating
the oiganization of the company. What the
boaid of diiectors mightdo or might not do m tiie
way of the passing of by-laws, neithei the Sen-
ator from Illinois nor myself, however confident
he may be, can predict. We do not know whether
any provision will be made in the by-laws au-
thonziug the president of the company to appoint
the standing committees, or whether that right
would be retained in the board itself, to be exe-
cuted upon a legular balloting of the members
of the board. 1 say that the amendment offered
by the Senator from Illinois leaves the matter so
uncertain as to which of these two diiectors shall
be employed upon this, that, or the other com-
mittee, that it defeats the very object of the clause.
There is no feeling on the subject, sir.
Mr. GOINNESS. The view that I take of this
provision is that the law simply provides that
these two Government directors have the privi-
lege and right and shall be counted as members
of the committees. I do not think that provision
is obnoxious to the statement made by theSena-
tor from Kansas, requiring them to divide them-
selves, and requiring their presence at two differ-
ent points at once. Not at all. As I suggested
biiefly before, this being a condition precedent
and a condition of the law, the directors will im-
mediately adapt themselves to H; the Govern-
ment directors will have the right to a seat upon
every committee; the committee may do its busi-
ness if the Government directors be not present,
or if they cannot be present; but the Government
has a right to representation there. That is the
way I understand the provision. I think that is
right and useful.
Mr. MORGAN. The objection that has been
raised by the Senator from Illinois is on account
of the inconvenience that would arise from a large
number. I think the matter will be simplified
if he will look at it as it will exist. There will
practically be but two committees, one the finance
committee and the other the executive commit-
tee; and it is very proper that the Government
directors should be at least upon both those com-
mittees. They substantially have the manage-
ment and whole control of the company. The
power of the board is vested in those two com-
mittees. I think'the bill as reported by the Rail-
road Committee is notobjectionable4, on the con-
trary, I think it is eminently proper,
Mr. POMEROY. I want the chairman of fhe
committee to understand that I like the bill and
am supporting it, and I would make no amend-
ment to it unless 1 thought it would impiove it,
and I would only make that by way of sugges-
tion. These two Government directors are not
obliged to be present, as the Senator from Cali-
fornia very well says; one of them may be pies-
ent: but they have a right to be there. I think,
however, there is another very important com-
mittee besides those named by the Senator from
New York, which is the committee on constiuc-
uon, to oversee the construction of the road.
Mr. MORGAN. That is the duty of the exec-
utive committee.
Mr. POMEROY. The executive committee
have a right to appoint that committee, but the
executive committee in New York cannot be on
the line to supervise the construction of the road.
As there are two Government directors, one can
be in the East and one in the West. I think there
will be no inconvenience.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no desire to have
the amendment adopted if the ptovision as it
stands will not subject the company to inconven-
ience. If gentlemen who are more familiar with
such things than I am think it will not I will
withdraw the amendment and not insist upon it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment is withdrawn.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is anotberportion
of the bill that stnkes me as very objectionable,
and which it seems will operate very much against
the construction of the road and will tend to in-
crease the expense of constructing it very much.
I allude to what is embraced on the 9th page,
between line twenty-two and line thirty-four of
the second section. I move to strikeoutallafter
tiie word " unpaid" in iine twenty-two on page
9 down to the \v*>rd "and" in the thirty-thin!
line of the same page. The words which I move
to stiike out are these:
All contract'-' foi labor unci <crvicc^, materials of every
de<enption, and foi t> an-pountion, which may be made by
or on behalt of niu! company, hlial! be terminable at the
pleasure ot said company, or of the diiectors tiiiaeof/hy
notice in writing to the other connecting panics.-, tlu*ir
hen?,, e\eeutoi , admnu>ti. toiN or aj->i^n^ ; and upon and
altei -emce of Mich nonce, all liability and obligation on
account theieoi, on the pait ot the < omp.iny, shall <<.a->e
and determine, except in j.n tar a.< perioimanee shall be by
rtthei naity required dturns,' the mx month* next Micueednig
Mich Nctviee ; andall mu-Ii conuaewof said company shall
contain oi he docnu-dto contain a clause providinglorsuch
termination tlieicol.
It does seem to me that contractors and other
persons will be very slow to enter into obliga-
tions with this Pacific Railroad Company when
there is no mutuality about the obligation. The
man who makes a contract with this railroad com-
pany for transportation is to be at the mercy of
the company. They may avoid the contract at
any time they please. If the parties who engage
on the line of this road m the working of iron
mines and the manufacture of iron should enter
into a contract with this railroad company for the
transportation of their iron, to last two or three
years, it will be in the power of the company at any
time, notwithstanding the contract, to deciaie the
con tract at an end, with out any damages, ofcouise,
" except in so far as performance shall he by
either party required duung the six months next
succeeding such sei vice." The p?u ty would have
a right to insist on carrying out the contiact for
six months. So in rcgaid to persons who may
take contracts for the construction of the road.
The very idea of a contract is that it shall be
binding upon both parties. There mu&t 1 ^mu-
tuality about it. The option is not given to the
patty who contracts with the company, but it is
entirely- with the company to avoid contracts or
not. ft seems to me that lesponsible parties will
be very slow to enter into obligations wit}} a com-
pany at whose mercy they are to be. 1 think the
