THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 28,
head of " rules and regulations" to be digested
by the head of the Department? The Senator is
perhaps not aware that the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, who thus far has had the charge of the aban-
doned plantations, has prepared a very elaborate
series of rules and regulations applicable to the
management of these plantations and of the freed-
men upon them. Those rules and regulations
enter into a great many details. They were ex-
amined carefully by the committee in preparing
this bill, and it was felt that in the bill we ought
to avoid as much as possible going into details,
leaving to the Secretary in his rules and regula-
tions to do all that. It was thought that if we
should attempt too much in this bill wemightfail
in everything, and we also felt that there was a
certain difficulty in introducing into an net of Con-
gress details, some of which might not be perfectly
within our knowledge, m regard to which we
might not be perfectly informed.
Now, I am notsuie whether what the Senator
requires by his amendmentcould be conveniently
rained out; that is, a monthly report of all who
apply. Suppose a veiy large number app.y, or
suppose the seivice is in cases where there is no
stiiet application; for instance, suppose a large
number, as some of the testimony shows is often
the case, some five hundred or a thousand or more
freedrnen appear in a particular locality, and it
becomes important for the Government to enter
at once into the care and superintendence of that
large number, would the Senator have the local
officer at once report to the Department here the
names ofali those persons who thus present them-
sclvfs? I do not know that it would not be de-
sirable, but I doubt the expediency of requiring
it in the bill. I think it is one of those details
that hud better be left to be regulated by the head
of the Department.
Mr. I10WE. I am very sure that if we insert
this clause there will be still enough of detail left
for the consideration of the head of the Depart-
ment which shall take charge of this woik. I am
quite aware that ihe Secietary of the Treasury lias
considered and published a large number of inles
and regulations in reference to the management of
th'j«e abandoned lands. 1 have seen but very few or
none in lefeience to the management of these aban-
doned persons. He has not had much to do with
them, and I do not know that the Government has
had much if anythingto do with them. Their for-
mer owners and masteis have run away from
them in Home cases; in other cases they have run
«iway fioni their foimer masters and owners,and
they have come upon our hands, and we have >\
held them in our hands, precisely how we do not I
lomw, and we never shall know until we take j
some pains to be informed. The Senator from 1
Massachusetts stated, when he first introduced j
this bill, precisely what he wanted to do with it, !
and lie stated what I thought to be precisely the |
light idea, to aid them in this transition state be- I
tween bondmen and freemen, not doubting, as 1 ;
know the Senator does riot doubt any more than '
I do, that in a vny «hoit time they will become I
m the fullest sense of the word fteemen, not only j
men with the right to take care of themselves, :
but men with the ability to take care of them- !
selves, because only such men aie free. ]
If that be the purpose of this bill, of course all \
they want is an opportunity to laborand perrms- j
Bion to labor. Permission they get by the act of j
emancipation ftom whatever source it Hp tings; j
opportunity they can get only by finding some 1
chance to labor or somebody to employ them. I ■
think it very essential that as often at least as '
once a month these agents of ours who shall take !
charge of these persons shall make public a list I
of ail the persons they have on their hands un- ;
employed, and shall also tell the country what
distribution they have made of those who have
been employed, and then we can see precisely ;
ihe action of this buieau of ouis; we shall know
when it is doing and when it fails of doing the
good that this actdcsigns should be accomplished, !
and 1 am sure that no possible harm can spring ,
fiom it m the woild. The head of the Depart-'
UK-nr, whichever Department takes charge, will I 1
have no doubt provide much fuller information
than this amendment that i propose does; but i ■
thought if was due to the law itself that itshould 1
go so far as to provide this much of information, -
Mr. SUMMER. The Senator observes that j
the very section which he proposes to amend i
closes with these words, "and also such other j
special reports as from time to time may be re- :
quired." We supposed of course that in the ad-
ministration of the Department experience might
be acquired which would lead to req.uii ing reports
different from those which we would anticipate
in this bill. If the Senator desires the amend-
ment, I shall not press opposition to it.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. WILSON. I propose to strike out the
word "Treasury,*' in the third line of the first
section, and to insert " War," and to make the
correspondtngchange every where throughout the
bill; and 1 will very briefly state the reasons why
I think this change ought to be made.
The bill, as it came fiom the House of Repre-
sentatives, placed the care of the freedrnen under
the War Department, and placed this bureau in
the War Department. I have listened to what
has been said here in favor of changing it to the
Tnasury Department, and 1 have rend on both
sides whatever I could find which would throw
light upon thatsul>ject,and I mustsay thatevery
moment's reflection satisfies me that this bureau
ought to be in the War Department. livery
amendment which has been made to the bill goes
to show that the bureau belongs properly to the
War Department. The amemlmenr piopused by
the Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Dooi.rrTLK,]
and sustained by the general sentiment of the
Senate, i think especially shows that this bureau
ought to be m the War Department.
In the fiist place, the Ti easui y Department has
no power m all this legion of country except
what it bonows. The Treasury Depaitment has
no power m the rebel Slates except what it gets
from the Atmy and the Navy, and whatever has
been done with the freedmen by the Treasury
Department has been done with the leave of the
War and Navy Departments. The Treasury De-
paitment hns no power to use a soldier to fire
a shot to piotector defend the.-.e Iieedmen, unless
by the leave of the War Depm mir nt or the olH-
ceis serving under the authority of that Depart-
ment. This bill is to opei ate in Suites in rebellion,
which, so fur as we govern them, aie governed
by the Army and i y mihteiy law. Wherever
our armiesgo, the fieeumen follow the dag. They
do not gather around the Trei^ury Department
agents; they do not flock to those agents for pio-
teetion. They gather aiound the flag of the coun-
try and the Army and Navy of the country for
piotection, and tins is the only protection they
have been able to find heiotoime «n this war, and
it is the only protection they wU Hud during the
war. In the lebel States the military power is
the only power that has any au'hei ity or respect
from any quarter. It 's a fact, ay I am informed
by Geneia! Thomas, the \ djutunt Genei ai, who
has been weeks and months up and down the
Mississippi river, in Kentucky, in '1\ nnessee, in
Arkansas, in Mississippi, in Louisiana, who
knows all about this subject, that the only pro-
tection the freed men have is that which they de-
rive fiom the militai y power, and that all* the
efforts of ihc Treawui y Depaitment have lailed,
and tin) very persons who have been under the
charge of the Treasury agents are coming and
begging for the protection cf the military power.
The Aimy is needed to protect the freed men
while at work upon the plantations, and the Army
is ofeourso under the direction and guidance of the
War Department, if another and independent or-
ganization exists to lease plantations and control
the freedmen, an organization notconnected with
the Army, not under its piotection and control,
the n suit will be that men will be gathered to-
gether, will i.iulei take the employments of indus-
try, and then all at once your armies move off,
and the men are left to the mercy of the guemllas
or the armed bands of the enemy. No man can
deny the correctness of this,and "Geneiai Thomas
telis me that it is indispensable to the success and
the protection of the heedmen that this bureau
should be in the War Department, and 1 have
met no man who 1 think undeistands this question
so well as he does, and no man whose heait is
j more earnestly m the woik.
i Then theie is anothei thing to be considered.
1 The War Department can conduct tins business
| with a great ileal less expense than the Treasury
I Department. The War Department has us com-
1 missaries, us quartermasters, its means of sup-
I port; and wherever the Army goes these persona
( flock to the Army for support and for protection.
The Senator from Wistonsin [Mr. Howe] told
us that the Secretary of the Treasury had the
, care of these plantations, but he could not lind
; that he had the care of many fieedrmm. Cer-
tainly he has none; and why have not the freed men
| rushed to Mr. Chase's plantations and gathered
• around Mr. Chase'sagents? Because those agents
i have no power to protect them and cannot pro-
;; tect them, and cannot even feed them. They went
to the Army in the first place because the Army
• ! had the power to protect them. They went to tho
1 Army m the next place because the Aimy had
j the means to feed them and clothe them,and the
j| Army can feed and clothe them much cheaper
! than these new agents can do.
1 say, therefore, that as a matter of-protection
: to these colored people, I deem it indispensable
j that this bureau shall be in the War Department,
! and as a matter of economy on the part of the
Government 1 think the argument is all in favor
; of putting the bureau in the War Department,
ii that has all the organized machinery to carry it
' on. I do not knowasingleconsideration in favor
, of putting it in the Treasuiy Depaitment,except
that it is said that the Treasury Department
i woul 1 like to ha've it. That 1 do not understand
; to be a reason why it should go there. We are
!' told that the Treasury Department lias charge of
; the lands. That is true, but those lands are un-
der the control of law and under the direction of
Congress, and to-day the freedmen who are cul-
tivating these lands aie there by the consent of
the War Department, and are protected by the
War Department; and wherever such is not the
! case, except on some of the islands on the coast
of South Carolina, the thing is an utter failure#
! and ! fear it will be a failure in this cape.
] have moved this amendment because in my
: judgment it is better in every aspect in w hteh the
case can be viewed that this bureau should be m
I the War Department, because the War Depart-
' ment controls the armies; the rebel States are di-
vided into military departments, and all the law
i we administer there is military law, and all the
government we exeicise over thern is military
i government. "Why we should take these people
: who now flock to the Army and have gathered
" around it for protection and suppoit, from under
■ the control oftiufWar Department,and put them
,j under the control of speculating Treasury agents,
i is a thing I cannot comprehend.
i Mr. SUMNER, 1 do not like to take up time,
! but the Senate will pardon me if i utter one or
two woids in reply. So far as concerns (he ac-
cusation brought by my colleague against the
Treasury Department, that all its effoits in cou-
, nectfon with the plantations have been a failure,
' I shall content myself with reading a sentence or
i two from a letter addressed to the Senator from
<1 Minnesota, [Mr. Ramsey.] It is written by an
: agent at Newbern, in North Carolina. It is as
follows:
;! u Some three week9 since I repoued to Mr. Chase that I
•1 had ,^80,000 ieady to pay over for ilie benefit ot tii.J Poop*.
'' I can now jepoit th.it I can command .'g'loO.OOO fm itn?
puipose, all collected ami ■s.ived through the niueinti'My of
(an agency, if the policy and plana already adopnd iu
ri-l.ttiun to the plantation* ref.-ned to aie not nitenupted,
■ the ie-u!t next fall will ol the mo-.t giatif> ins; chaiaeter.
!! hot me earnestly a^k that uium' laets may be tu!iy e:>u-
II bideted. hy Senators indue season."'
I will not discuss further the accusation of fai!-
i! lire on the part of the Treasury Department. As
: 1 have said, I am leluctant to say anything. 1
r have already mine than once in this debate argued
! the question in which Department this bureau
'I should be placed; I have stated that I began the
" inquiry fully as stiongiy inclined as my col-
! league now appears to be m favor of the War
Department, i was impiessed by the other ar-
guments which he has now put foi th, and until I
had carefully examined the question 1 was not
, able to answer those arguments: but just m pro-
pottiou as 1 made myself familiar wirh it, I saw
that those arguments were veiy easily answered.
Sir, unless you wish to make this bill a torch cf
(| discord, you must place the caieof the freedm-m
. m the Ttea&ury Department or you must go suli
, f.uther and toke from the T « t^ury DepatinnoU
the care of tiie abandoned plantations. If my
colleague would couple with his motion the fur-
1 ther piopositiou that the care of the abandoned
'i plantations should also be transferred to the W.tr
!' Department, i should have no objection. My
