1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1381
the words "in the preceding section," and by j
inserting the wordy "Philadelphia, Boston, or j
New York." . I
Now, Air. Chairman, the object of offering that
amendment is to provide that these national
banks of the United States of America shall re-
deem their notes in New York, Boston,and Phil-
adelphia, and not as the section would read with-
out that amendment. Gentlemen will observe
that we have now included in the preceding sec-
tion pretty much all the towns between the At-
lantic and the Pacific where these banks are al-
lowed to keep balances on hand; there may be a
few villages of two or three hundred inhabitants
that have not been included.
If this section be adopted, therefore, these banks
will be permitted to redeem their notes atanyone
of these places, which, in my judgment, amounts
simply to no redemption at all. My amendment
will permit these banks to redeem their bills at
the great commercial centers on the.A!lantic sea-
boaid and at no other place. That will provide
a practical plan of redemption. But as the sec-
tion stands the effect will be that when you go to
one of these banks in Chicago with a note to be
redeemed they would tell you that they were re-
deeming their notes in San Francisco, or at some
place away ofFui the Rocky mountains pet haps.
I repeat that practically it amounts to no redemp- j
tion at all. This redemption must take place at
the commercial centers on the Atlantic coast. A
redemption that covers all creation ts- no redemp-
tion at all.
Mr. WILSON. I will suggest to my colleague
whether the expression " a ledemptiun that cov-
ers ail creation is no redemption at all" is strictly
orthodox. [Laughter.]
Mr. PRICE. There would be a conditional
redemption, but no absolute redemption provided
for. It is an absolute redemption that my nan nd-
ment provides for. I do not propose that they
shall be redeemed at some place that lms no ex-
istence. My object is to make these national
bankvS of some account, to place them in such a
position as will give confidence m them that th'-y
will not be banks of straw, but banks having some
stability about them.
if this amendment be adopted I would then bp
in favor of the amendment proposed by the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means a
while "go, requiring all these banks to reciv<* the
notes of all tho other banks. That would mike
your national bonks mean something arid be worth
something. That would give then, a foundation
upon which a supeistructure could he ieared that
wouid inspire confidence and that would notbea
mere shadow, as unsubstantial as the
u i]a-elc:js iabnc of a vision.;1
Mr. MORRILL. I merely use to oppose the
amendment, not because I am against it, but be-
cause l think the House has aheady setiJed the
question.
On a division, ih"ro were—ayes 4-, noes 50.
Mr. PRICE demanded tdhns.
Tellers were not oniered.
So the ttint'nilnient \v a s fjeeted.
Mr. LLDRJ DGE. 1 move to strike o:U the
words "us afoi t said," and to insert in lieu thei oof
the words " m com," .so that it will read:
f?LC. 32. Jlih1 f'C if Iuither cvactcd. That ec'lt iat ion
j-iiail boicet. Miiij«ct to tin'dpi'tovai oi ti'~ Coisjpuoilei of
j[k* Catieiicy, an d^oci.iuou i:i cuii':i or" ilia cite'4- nanjp 1
m the pieci'ili'is: «c<'iio,i ;?t wi-icii n will ii- cu'-u-
Hrniij notes at p.u ; and the C<>tnnnoi!"i ,1m!! give public
r.otieo ot the nann1-. ot tne ;t-N-.oci;mon«  o .olecU'd at winch
redemptions iin to i>c n.-uie by ih : mvr a->oc ia!i<>n .
and ol any change that may be made uy r^iiv n--ocnf!<>n hi
the u^foeianon .it which it will jedi^'in jt ■. mat'-. Ii anv
association MiaU mn loi rhf teim of tlnit. day- to ledoeni
its m com. ilif Conipuoliet of ih" Ctitrenoy mny.
upon rcee.vui^ .-wifl'aetoi> evidence appoint a
leeetver in th" mumicr pio\ Med for m tin.-, act to wind up
its Mlan^ : JJroi ?rW, That nothing: in Un- m-cuoh siirdl ro
lif\v any a^-ociaUon fiom u< Ji<ib;liry to . r-defm it^ ciicu-
Jatini; note.-, at it.- own counter, at par, m tawlul money
on demand.
Mr. Chairman, 1 ask the gentlemen on the other
side of the House to tell us what they mean by
redemption? I understand what is meant by re-
demption m coin. When gentlemen have made
as much disturbance as they have to-day about
this redemption, 1 should like to know what it
means. What does it amount to? 1 want to know
whether we aie t«> get anything worth more or
less? Are they to be redeemed in greenbacks?
1 want to know it if they arc. I wont to know
when I presentmy bill a.t these commercial centers
what 1 am to receive by way of redemption. It
is for that reason I have moved to insert the words
" in coin."
1 know that it is a little odd to talk of coin. I
know that it is singular totalis of specie. I know
that it is a kind of redemption that has gone out
of fashion. I3ut I want to know what I am to
receive m the way of redemption. I want to
know, in short, what this redemption in the bill
means.
Mr. SHANNON. _ Mr. Chairman, I do not
pretend to be a financier or a prophet, and there-
fore 1 cannot answer the gentleman's questions.
I propose, however, to adopt the Yankee ruleand
answer by asking another question, if the gen-
tleman will tell me when he and his Demociatic
friends will cease croaking and harping, weak-
ening the confidence of the people in the stability
of oursystem of Government, thereby aiding and
comforting the enemies of the country, if he will
tell me when they will cease as leaders to aid JeiF.
Davis and turn in with that earnestness and per-
tinacity to aid us in breaking down the enemy
and closing this war,then lean answer his ques-
tion. It will be but a few years afterwards when
we will be redecmmgin gold and silver. 1 speak
knowingly, sir, ftom fifteen years' evidence upon
the Pacific slope, that if this Congress will not
impose any obnoxious laws to impede the devel-
opment of the mineral resources of that coast,
the gentleman fiom Massachusetts will have but
a few more gray bans in his head when the gold
there produced will redeem ihc debts of the nation.
That region will produce between one hundred and
one hundred and fifty nullum dollaisofgold annu-
ally. There is the great basis. Give us railroads,
give us population, and we will pay your debt m
less than ten years with our gold, silver, and
copper.
A Mlmbtr. No copper.
Mr. SHANNON. 1 mean the true, immune
arti'de of copper, and not the spuiious kind we
have here (Laughter ]
Mr. PRICE. 1 nio\e my former amendment,
with these v. oids: £S one quai ter of one per cent.
1 do not propose to debate it.
Mr. ELDR1DGE. Mr. Chairman, 1 lise to
oppose the amendment of the gentleman from
Iowa. The gentle-man who has just taken his
seat has uudei taken to vu us some idea when he
pioposes to if deem this currency and to iederm
in gold. He tells us of some fntme period when
he proposes to d o that. He says he will tell wiicn
if we will tell lum when we will support thecur-
r< ney of the country. 1 will answer that we will
support the cunency when he gives us a good
currency. We wiil give him our sympathyand
our support if he will give us back the Consti-
i tuiion of the countiy, winch ho has U'ken away
[ from us; we will give lum our .sympathy and
| suppou whenever he iespe<.ts the liberty and
| rights of the people tlx' fatiu vs of the Republic
\ relucted them in the past; wo will jrnc him our
] sympathy anil support when he ^ives us the light
| to ^o into thp market and purchase as we pur-
: chased only a fewyearsngo, when he took charge
| of the Government; we will gite him our sym-
I pathy and soppou the moment lie £ivts his sup-
| poit to tlie Constitution and the Union.
Tne amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
The quofdion rccus rm<r on the amendment of-
fered by Mr. Phicl,
Mi. STEVENS raised the point that it was* not
i in order.
The CHAIRMAN decided that the point was
raised too Info.
Mr. PRICE called for tellers on the amendment.
Mr. STEVENS moved that the committee rise.
Mr. RICE. While the committee ischvidmg
it is not m order to move that the committee rise.
The CHAIRMAN. The committee is nut
now dividing.
The motion of Mr. Steven's wes agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speakerhavmg
rerumed the chair. Air. Rollins, of New Knmp-
shire, reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had, according to order,
had the Union under consideration, and particu-
Iruly the bill (H. R. No. 333) to provide a na-
tional currency, secured by a pledge of United
States stocks, and to provjde tor the circulation
and redemption thereof, and had come to no con-
clusion thereon.
And then, on motion of Mr. COLE, of Califor-
nia, (at four o'clock and fifty minutes, p. nh,) the
House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, Jipril 1, 1864.
Prayer hy the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and appro ved.
HOUSE BILL JtEEERRED.
The bill yesterday received from the House of
Representatives (No. 272) for the relief of Julia
A. Ames, was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
EXiiCUTIVIS COMUUNI0ATI0N.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of the Navy, com-
municating, in compliance with a resolution of
the Senate of the 28th of March last, information
in relation to the deficiency of men in the naval
service; which, on motion of Mr. Grimes, was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
PETITIONS AND ME3I0KIALS.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented a memorial of the
president and other officers of the Galena and
Chicago Union Railroad Company, remonstrat-
ing against the extension of the Goodyear patent
for the manufactme of vulcanizcd India rubber;
whieh was referred to the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office.
Mr. MORGAN presented a memorial of citi-
zens of Oneida, Madison county, New York,
praying for the immediate abolition of slavery,
and for such an amendment of the Constitution
u>. will forever prohibit its existence in any por-
tion < t our common country, which was referred
to the select committee on slave.y and freedmen.
Mr. RAMSEY presented a memorial from the
Legislature of the Sate of Minnesota in favor of
the establishment of a weekly mail route from
Jordan, Scott county, to Cleveland, Le Sueur
county, via Lexington and Le Sueur Center, in
that State; which was referred to the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. DOOLITTLE presented a memoiial of
the Legislature of the State of Wisconsin, praying
for a grant of land to aid in the construction of
the Southern Minnesota lailroad; which was re-
feired to the Committee on Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
He also presented a memorial of the Legisla-
ture of the State of Wisconsin in favor of an in-
ciease of the pay of non-commissioned officers
and privates m the military service of the United
States; winch was referred to the Committee on
Military Allan's and the Miiitia, and ordered to
be printed.
He also presented a resolution of the Legiski-
tuie of Wisconsin in favor of the construction of
a ship canal around the falls of Niagara; which
was referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
He also presented a memorial from the Legis-
lature of Wisconsin in favor of the establish-
ment of a tn-weekly mail route from the city of
La Crosse, in La Crosse county, to Viroqua, in
Vernon county: winch was referred to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads, and or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. HENDRICKS presented the petition of
James M. Conf< r, late surgeon of the twenty-ninth
regiment Indiana, volunteers, praying for compen-
sation for io^s of property while engaged in the ser-
vice of the United States; which was referred to
the Committee on Claims.
PAPEltS WITIIDRAVrX AXP REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. HA.RR1S, it was
G--t'.cr>-t\ T'iju use and fUb-'r papers ns the case
rv' )[;iyne M. S.iiom mi he talcen uo n the tiles of the Senate
ana icieired to tne Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
REPORTS FKO.M COMMITTEES.
AIi-. CGLLAMEIl, from the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads, to whom was re-
ferred a joint resolution (H. R. No. 11) in
relation to the claim of Cannack ami Ramsay,
reported it with ail amendment.
