8334
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 28,
us by the Senator from Massachusetts that we
shall not direct these commissioners to be ap-
pointed, as in ordinary eases,by the President of
the United States and to be confirmed by the Sen-
ate of the United States, but that they shall be ap-
pointed by the Secretary of the Treasury, and be*
mere tenants at his will. I am unwilling to con-
fer any such power as that on any Secretary, or
upon the President of the United States himself,
withouttherebeing the constitutional check upon
him of a confirmation by the Senate of the Uni-
ted States. What are we here for but to give our
advice and consent to the appointment and con-
firmation of such responsible officers as these?
We have declared here tins session that every
acting master in the Navy, to whom you pay the
smalt sum of §1,000 a year, shall be appointed
by the President and sunt here to be confirmed
by us, men who are merely required to perform
watch duty on the decks of your men-of-war,
through whose hands not one dollar of money is
to pass, to whom is confided no such great trusts
as are confided by the provision of this bill to
your commissioners. The noir.es of sueh men
as these, by the action of the Senate and doubt-
less by the vote of the Senator from Massachu-
setts, are icquired to be sent to the Senate for our
advice and approval; and yet it is seriously pro-
posed that these commissionss, who are to have
the control of hundreds of thousands of human
beings, of whose character for humanity and dis-
cretion and wisdom we know nothing and can
know nothing, who are to have the control of
hundreds of thousands and doubtless millions of
property in the course of a year, are not to be
sent to the Senate for us to advifo and coiiMmt
to their confirmation. We are not to be per-
mitted to know anything in regard to their char-
acter; they are to hold their offices not by any
regular tenure of office, but to be appointed by
ihe Secretary of the Treasury, and to hold dut-
ing his good will and pleasure.
Air. Piesident, I confess to the Senator from
Massachusetts that 1 have been anxious to vote
for his bill. 1 told him at the beginning of the
consideration of it thatseveialatnendments mur-a
be m.ule to it before I would vote for u, and this
is, one of the amendments that must be made be-
foie 1 will vote for it. 1. never will consent, so
long as I occupy a seat in this body, to agiee to
place in the hands of any officer of the Govern-
ment, I caie not where he is—I have as much
icspect for the Secretaiy of the Treasury as any
man has, but, I never will consent to place in the
hands o{ any Government officer the overwhelm-
ing fiower that is being placed in the hMinis of litis
public oilicer by the proposition of the Senator
fiom Massachusetts. 1 want to know the char- j;
ucter of these men. I wuntto know the character jj
they have maintained hitheito. I want to know 'i
whether they are humane men, whether they aie
Christian men, whether they are honest men and \]
will do their duty to the men, women, and cm!- j!
dren who are committed to their charge, and if|!
ihe Senatoi's proposition is adopted I unhesitat- j;
ingiy say that I will vote against ihe hill. ;j
Mr. S(JMi\ri£R. 1 hope the amendment will L
be adopted, though J shall regret veiy much to ji
lose ihe Senator's vote. I!
The amendment to the amendment was rejected, j;
Mr. SUMNER. I move now another amend-
ment. I move to strike out the proposition which
was moved by the Senator from West Virginia,
it is m the following words: j
~iwl l>e it Jxiilhcr enacted, Timt whenevet the s.ud Com- j
init s ioner cannot find abandoned leal e-.!.ueon w inch to em- i
pio\ all <>i the irecdmen whu ma\ conic nnd< i he. e<iH' and j
eimtiol by value of ihi-act. it shall be his duty, so lar as |
in.iy be ptacncabie, to provide lot tin in homes and empioj- ,
mentwith hmnane nnd sauubh pei-onhot lan ami jn>t i
compensation lVn thou icrviee^j and that in ruder tin* mom '
t'lleetu.iUy to accomplish tUi^ ptnpo-.o til'1 said Commit- i
MUiiei ciui'i op'-ii a r-ouospoiMleiiee with the Governor*, and ■
t!i<: various municipal autlnnuit.s of the ditleroni Stales 1
rujucUhig tbeii co> penuion nuhis behalf. !
J;n>tfemi of moving to strike out, I will send to |
the Chair a substitute, to strike out all after the j
word that," and insert: j
Wiiene; er there ia no abandoned ical estate on which j
to employ the iieednirii, it shall be the duty oi the assist- j
din tommiSMonei^ and iocid snpi'nt)tendent-=, so lar u&imiy 1
be pineUcable, to aid the ueedmeii in obtaining homes and i
employment with humane and tamable persons at a lair I
and just compensation for then seiviccs.
Mr. WXLLEY. Thatamendment, us i under- ■
stand it, pi opost's to confine its operation simply I
to the insurrectionary States, if that be the cor-
rect understanding of its operation it amounts to
nothing at all, as the bill itself will amount to noth-
ing at all. Allow me to suggest to Senators that
if the bill is to have any piactical effect whatever
it will be in the provisions contained m the amend-
ment which I had the honor to offer and which
the Senate some time ago adopted. You cannot
find any place in the insurrectionary States where
these assistant commissioners can put these freed-
men where they can remain safely and work a
plantation for one year unless they are protected
by a large military force. There is not a section
ofthe country ofany considerubleextuKany where
in the insiuiectionary States wheie the freed-
men would be allowed to lemain long enough to
raise a crop without being destroyed by gueri illas,
by those roving hands of ruffians who are ready
for blood and plundei wherever they can find au
opportunity of indulging their propensity in that
behalf, and who are especially exasperated against
these freedmen and would take special pains to de-
stroy them. The i esult then of theamendnient of j
the Senator from Massachusetts, 'f li should be
adopted, as I humbiy conceive, would be to strike
fiom the bill the only piactical provision initthat
can affect these fieedmen for any benevolent or
judicious purpose.
Mr. Piesident, allow me to say that the prac-
tical result of this bill without my amendment
will be to organize u corps of we 11-pa id office-ho Id -
eis who daie not go into the distiiets in which it
is proposed ihatlhey shnllonerate, to have them
paid at ihe expense of the United States for re-
maining at home, and to have them paid for du-
ties which they dare not and cannot execute, i
begSenatois to reflect a moment ami ask them-
selves the question where, at this tune, there is a
plantation within the whole scope of the insur-
i ectionary territory of the United States on which
it would be wise or expedient 01 possible to place
any number of these freedmen, and to keep them
therefor six months? Wheie is the x-etion or
territory in which it can he done? If thne be
any such 1 do not know it. Perhaps in the vi-
cinity of our foi ts and a Utile distance fi om them,
wheie they are under the protection and und -r
the eye of the nnhtaiy authouties, this can be
done; but yet we have repoits almost daily that
bands of gueuillas seize these men and murder
.them or cauy them off to a woise slavery than
they have ever enduiod.
lint here is a pioposmon that has something
practical in it, that lias something benevolent in
it, that will take these fieedmen liotn the miser-
able condition in which they are now placed, that
will secure them homes where no such danger
exists, that will secure them homes where they
are not under ihe ai bitrary contiol of these corn-
miSMoners ami assistant, commissioner, but
where they are under the protection of the laws
and couits, wheie they aie in the midst of a be-
nevolent community who will see that they suffer
no wiong, wheie theynie in the rtach of our ju-
dicial tribunals and the executive officers of the
law to protect them in tlu-ir lights and redress
their grievances. All that my amendment pro-
poses is that these freedm< n shall, with the assent
ofthe people ofthe lice States and under the di-
teciion ami with the approbation of these com-
missioners, have homes provided for them m
those States, nothing more. There is nothing
compulsory nut. it is provided that it shall only
be don<- wheie it is piacticabh. and so far as it is
practicable, if the laws of any State prohibit the
mtioducuon of free negioes, then it is impracti-
cable and my amendment does not apply. If the
people do not want them in any of the free States
(hen mv amendment does not apply, for it is not :
practical except by the consent o  the parties who !'
wish to employ tin m. j
I ask Senntois, then, whethet they are willing 1
to mutilate the only piactical and beneficial pro- ;j
v tsion that, there is in the bill under existing cir- \
cumstances, by stukmg from it the part of it that j!
would render the remaining portion utteily nuija- |"
lory. If we sincerely desire, as I do and as I-1!
trust every Senator does, to be good to these !|
freedmen, leaiiy to provide homes for them, '}
really to advance their condition, really to do a }!
good act towau! them, I beg the Senate not to m
strike out this provision; for it does seem to me ji
that it is the only piactical provision in the whole ij
bill that will operate for their good under existing ||
circumstances. If it be the pleasure of the Sen-
ate to strike it out and let the bill be without any
practical effect, so be it. The result, I assure
Senators, will be simply to create a corps of well-
paid officers and impose them upon the finances
of the country, without any other practical effect
than that. I think this is not a time when we can
afford the money to do it.
Mr. WILSON. I have no doubt the Senator
from West Virginia makes this proposition in
good faith and for the good of the fieedmen; but
1 think there is this ciror in it: he proposes not
only to empower these commissioners to secure
employment for these freedmen at a fair compen-
sation, which is all very well, but that they shall
open a correspondence with the Governors of
States and the municipal authorities of the States
on the subject. I think if thatprovision remains
m the bill it is liable to be misrepresented through-
out the country. Suppose an application is made
by these officeis to the Governor of some State,
and that Governor gives consent or makes any
arrangement; then there will be fault-finding,
misrepresentation, and denunciation. Suppose
he declines to do it; then another class of men
will denounce him for it. It seems to me that
this opening of a correspondence with the official
authorities for the employment of these freedmen
will have a tendency to weaken the bill before the
country, to weaken the woikingsof the measure,
and to'weaken the Government. It is liable to
misrepresentation throughout the country, and
therefoie I hope it will not remain m the bill in.
that form.
The first half of the amendment, it seems to me,
has no harm in it, and may do a great deal of
good. Under it a great many persons, farmers,
mechanics, busine^ men, persons wishing to ob-
tain the services of these fieedmen, may apply to
the commissioners for their sei vices, and they can
make such arrangements as they please. 1 am
willing that that provision shall go on the bill,
giving the commissioners power to make such an
auangemcnt with any persons, and then leave it
free to those persons to apply to them for the ser-
vices of the fieedmen. But to open this corre-
spondence with the Governors of the States, and
with the municipal authorities ofcitiesand towns,
will, in my judgment, have a bad influence in the
country, and 1 do not think it will tend to sccuro
the employ men t of these pci sons. I f the Senator
would abandon the latter half of his measuie, and
stand upon the fust part of it, 1 certainly would
not object to jt; but in the form in which it now
is, it seems to me it subjects this whole policy to
the caipmg misiepresentation of a class of men
m this country who seem to think they elevate
themselves by treading upon an oppressed race.
iVlr. BROVViNf. Mr. President, it seems to me
that this bill must stand or fall upon its own mer-
its, and it will not be affected one way or the
othei by the carping misrepresentations to which
the Senator alludes. 1 confess that the amend-
ment which has been placed upon the bill by the
Senator from West Vnginia strikes me as being
one of the most beneficial that.lias yet been added
to it. 1 think it will do more to give unity and
direction to the sentimentof the country m tegard
to the impiovement and, so to speak, the disper-
sion of this labor in those localities where it is
most needed, where it can be most seiviceable,
than any other feature of the bill.
So far as the mere correspondence is concerned#
I do not see vei y well how those who are in ciutige
of these persons are to understand where they can
get homes for them, or obtain the information in
icgaid to where their labor will be most m de-
mand, unless they do it by correspondence; and
they have got to do it either by correspondence
with unofficial persons, with persons of whom
they can have no specific knowledge, or else with
those who are interested directly in assisting the
development of the lah<?r of their icspective com-
munities. The amendment of the Senator from
West Vnginia does not confine this correspond-
ence to the Govei nors of States and the municipal
authorities, but all those throughout the land who
may be desirous of getting labor of this kind, or
of assisting in this work, are invited to come for-
ward and let it be known. I believe the Senator
fiom Massachusetts has been as solicitous as any
other Senator on this floor to obtain the assist-
ance of these freedmen tn one department of the
service, that is, the military department of the
