1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
S335T
service, and that not alone for the United States
but for tlte State of Massachusetts, and not alone
for the State of Massachusetts but for the various
localities that have to fill up their quota under the
draft. If that system applies as regards furnish-
ing them for the military service, why should it
not be extended to filling up the ranks of indus-
try in other walks of life? I trust that nothing
that has been said in regard to the mere corre-
spondence which may be preliminary to finding
homes for these people wi!IJ>e suffered to inter-
fere with or to prejudice the amendment which
has already been adopted.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I believe this motion to
strike out and insert is not divisible.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is not.
Mr. BUCKALEW. 1 desire to inquire if this
motion fails whether it would be in order then to
make a motion simply to strike out the same
amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair is
of opinion that.it would be.
Mr. POMEROY. I believe the amendment
moved by the Senator from West Virginia is
moved with the very best of intentions, and has,
apparently, a very benevolent aim; and yet I
.doubt very much the propriety or the policy of
putting into this bill a provision that the commis-
sioners who are to be appointed under it shall
open a correspondence with States and municipal
authorities, who have not had anything todo with
tins question of the freedmen, to see if they can-
not find places and employment for them. I
think it goes on a wrong supposition altogether.
I do not think that these people, when freed, are
in our hands, or in the hands of any commis-
sioner, or in the hands of anybody, to be con-
trolled or bargained for. This control that is to
be put over them by this Freedmen'* Bureau bill
should be as light as possible. Many of them,
most of them, probably, can take care t)f them-
selves, and the less we do with them the better.
I do not propose to inaugurate a system here that
shall be thrown o'ver the land like a net, and gather
up these freedmen and take the guardianship of
them. I take it, when they are free, they are men
like us, and they have just about as much right
to come and take us into custody and see if there
is not somebody that will give us places, as we
have to take them in charge and open a corre-
spondence to find them places.
There are some, I admit, who while they'are
undergoing this process fiom slavery to fieedom
should have some guardianship. There are some
who are very aged; others who are degraded and
ignorant. .1 think there is a necessity for this bill
to some extent, but we should make it as little
«and as light as possible and get out of it as quick
as we can. If we are to exchange slavery in this
country for a sort of guardianship established by
law to be perpetuated year after year, then I am
sick of it. i do not propose to do any such thing.
I look upon this (July as a temporary arrange-
ment for a year or two till these people can take
care of themselves; and the less we legislate, the
less we put into this bill about providing for them
and taking care of them in the future, I think the
better—the better it will suit me at any rate. I
want as little correspondence with States where
there aie prejudices against them as possible. If
this Commissioner was to open a correspondence
with the Governor of almost any State in the
Union proposing to find places for them in that
State, although the Governor might be in favor
of it, yet there is always a political party to make
a fuss about it, and it will become an unpopular
thing. I do not believe that West Virginia would
allow them within her limits. 1 know that Illinois,
Indiana, and most of the northwestern States
would be entirely opposed to it. I do not believe
the thing ought to be shadowed forth in the law.
It should not look as if we intended to take these
people into our custody and provide for them as
if they were children and wards. The great ma-
jority of them shoulcl never be touched. The
great majority of them can take care of themselves,
and have always taken care of themselves and
their masters too, and this system should only be
applied to the few unfortunate ones who may be
ignorant, degraded, or aged.
Mr. WJLLEY. I must say that I concur in
most of what the honorable Senator from Kan-
sas has said. 1 myself, as the Senate will re-
member, objected to this bill because it was throw-
ing a control over these fteedmen which I did not
consider justifiable or right; but that is the prin-
ciple of the bill. The bill itself, without this pro-
vision in it,contains the very objectionable feature
mentioned by the honorable Senator from Kan-
sas. It does assume a guardianship and a very
great control over those freedmen. They cannot,
under the provisions of this bill, make a contract
without the assent of these commissioners, and
in various respects by the provisions of the bill
independent of the section which I have offered
they are placed under the control, direction, care,
supervision, and management of these commis-
sioners and assistant commissioners. The fun-
damental principle of the bill is one of control over
these freedmen. Although I object to that priiv
ciple, and object to the bill on that ground, yet
the amendment which I have offered, and which
the Senate adopted, was in strictconformity with
the spirit and principles of the bill, and it was de-
signed to carry out the bill in its spirit and funda-
mental principle, as I thought, in a manner more
beneficial than any other provision of the bill.
The Senator from Kansas misinterprets the ef-
fect of that portion of the amendment which it is
proposed to strike out. It does not propose that
the freedman shall, without his consent, be car-
ried into a free State, or be placed in the manage-
ment of any individual anywhere. It simply pro-
poses to ascertain where there maybe homes and
employment found for the freedman which, with
his consent, he may be provided with, and through '
the aid and influence of these commissioners may
be secured in the enjoyment of a home and em-
ployment, all with his own free conscnt-and un-
der the same provisions of control only that are
contained in the other portions of the bill. Let
it be understood that it is no part of the proper
cffect of this amendment, nor of my design in
offering if, to impose any more constraint over
the person, the labor, or the rights and liberties
of the freed man than the other provisions of the
bill inevitably excit over him. It is simply to
carry out the design of the bill under the machin-
ery provided in other parts of it so as to secure
him a better home and better wages in a com-
munity where he will receive better treatment and
be better protected by the laws than he can be
upon the abandoned plantations of the South.
I put it to every Senator here candidly to say
whether, if it be so that these fieedmen can have
homes thus provided for them and can have em-
ployment thus provided for them in the free
States, under the protection of law, in communi-
ties wheie they will thus be placed, thus secured
by the law and by the spirit of the community in
which they live, it would not be better for them
than to find them employment on these planta-
tions where they will be subject to the attacks of
guerrillas, to the arbitrary control of these assist-
ant commissioners, wheie there is no law to pro-
tect them* where there is no public sentiment to
protect them, but a public sentiment bitter and
persecuting existing against them, that will seize
all occasions and pretexts and oppoitunities to
embairass them. That is just the view of the
case; and this being the fact, which I think can-
not be denied, that such homes as I piopose to
find for them would be better for the freedmen,
and their security of life and propeity and liberty
would be more oeitainly secured to them, I ask
the honorable Senators from Massachusetts why
it is, under this slate of facts, that they object to
this section of the bill. I ask, if it be better for
the freedmen that they should thus find homes
and employment in the North, why do those Sen-
ators object to the operation of this section, and
to its remaining in the bill?
Our common design is to benefit the freedmen.
Our common design is to secuie them the bestcm-
ployment and the best wages. Our common do-
sign is to secure to them that position that will
elevate them more speedily and readily to a proper
platform, where they will be, in point of fact,
more equal before the law. I put it to a\pry hon-
orable Senator to say whether a position on the
farms or in the shops of the North, under the
protection and shallow of law and surrounded by
such a community as live there, would not be bet-
ter ft# thern than to leave them loose under the
arbitrary control and will of these Commissioners
in theSouth, surrounded by prejudHfcs and pas-
sions, and liable to the incursions of guerrillas and
dun.£e sof all kinds.' If so. is Jt not inconsistent
that objection should be interposed to prevent the
greater benefit to these freedmen that this section
will most certainly secure to lh£m?
Mr. CONNESS. I examined this amendment
when it was first offered, and there occurred to
my mind some serious objections to ft. If I was
right in the cursory examination that I gave it, it
proposes a correspondence with the Governors,
of the free States with the view of providing
homes for the freedmen in those States. My first
objection to it is that we have sufficient excite-
ment, we have sufficient discussion, we have suf-
ficient of the subject of negro slavery and the
freedom of negroes, as the matter now stands,
without enlarging the areaof that excitementand
increasing it by attempting a special correspond-
ence and discussion with the Executives of all
the States on the subject. How will it be with the
State of Illinois? Can there be an issue made
there, where they do not wish free negroes in their'
State and the law prohibits them?
Mr. WiLLEY. With the leave of the honor-
able Senator, it does seem to me that the effectof
this section is, I was going to say persistently,
misunderstood, it only proposes to find homes
for these freedmen where it is practicable, and
so far as it may be practicable^ where the con-
stitution or the laws of the States prohibit the in-
troduction of this class'of population, it is not
practicable, and therefore the section dogs not
apply.
Mr. CONNESS. That was my impression of
it exactly. How can you know where it is prac-
ticable to find homes for them without an inquiry
to that end? It is that very inquiry that seems
objectionable to me. Why shall the negroes be
deported or changed from the southern Slates,
where they were born and bred, where their labor
has heretofore been expended, where they are,if
you please, acclimated ? Why shall we institute
a system by a provision of law providing for such
deportation or change, or instituting inquiries to
that end?
Mr. BROWN. Will the Senator permit me to
interrupt him for a moment?
Mr. CONNESS. Certainly.
Mr. BROWN. I will call the attention of the
Senator to the fact that the amendment is predi-
cated, and so states, upon the idea that it is only
where employment cannot be found for ihem and
suitable provision made for them in their present
localities, that the commissioners are to dpen this
correspondence with a view of finding them em-
ployment elsewhere.
Mr. CONNESS. I so understand it, and it is
implied by that very predication that homes and
employment cannot be found for them in the
southern States. Is that ttue ? I take it it is not
true. I think the whole amendment is based upon
this idea, which is entirely repugnant and objec-
tionable to me, the common expression we so fre-
quently hear, " Now that you have freed these
negroes, take some of them to your own homes
and take care of them; take them to your own
States; take them to yourown doors,and see how
you like them;" and the advocates of the sys-
tem of negro slavery go so far as to say, "Take
them to your own parlors, take them into your
families, take them to your beds." I do not think
that this class of expressions even deserves a re-
sponse or a reply; but it is a sentiment th'at pre-
vails very widely. Men who have been educated
in accordance with the system of human slavery
feel themselves at once attacked and aggressed
when you talk of freeing slaves, in many in-
stances, gentlemen who have freed their own
slaves feel that they have a right to do as'they
please, they have a right to free their slaves, and
they have a special right to discuss the question
of slavery in all its forms, but they do not con-
cede as free a right in such discussion to us who
were not educated in slavery or with it. They
think they understand it ail, and that no other
persons can understand it as well as they; and
when we enter upon i\vx discussion e>f the ques-
tion now so deeply affecting our nation's inter-
est^ indeed vitally affecting them, we are very
generally responded to by being told, " You a^e
trenching upon our proper sphere and ground;
you are without your proper bounds;" and we
I are told within and without the feenate,
| these people to your States, take them to your
I homes, take them to your firesides. We are
i now asked in Shis amendment to pass a law by
