1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1306
enf of f?aul branch mint be authorized, under the direction
01' the Secrct.uy of the Tica->uiy, and on ttnn> to he pie-
^cnbut by hun, to s^uu in payna nt <>i the dust^ and
bunion depo. nod foi a^ay mid coinage o- h.n-. dtafN o-
c("tni"at<^ o! (U po«it, pranble at llic Tiea-my,or any >uh-
Trea-uiy of the United States, to any depositor electing to
receive payment in that fotin.
Sec. —. jlnd he it fin the? enacted, That all the laws and
parts ot laws now in torco for the regulation of the Mint of
the United States, and for the government of the ofiker*
and persons employed therein,;nid f°r tti(- punishment of
all offenses connected with the Mint or coinage of the Uni-
ted States shall he, and they aic hereby, declared to be in
full force in relatiun to the branch of the Mint by this act
established, a- far as the s-ame may be applicable thereto.
Sec. —• vlntl be it fuither enacted, That the sum of
$100,000 be, and the ^anie is hereby, appiopnated, our of
any money in tiie Trermuy not otherwi-e appmpiinted, t<>
cai ry into effect the piovisions of tint! act, ami to meet the
expenses ot the cuuent yeai, and for the fiscal year ending
the 3Jih of June, ItiOo.
Alt'. NESMITH. Mr. President, early in the
piesent session, impelled by a sense of duty to
the State which I in part represent, I introduced
the bill which has just been read; it was rcferiod
to the Committee on Finance for investigation.
That committee did my colleague in this body
and in the other House and myself the honor to
invite ui-: before them to present such facts as might
be within our knowledge bearing upon the ques-
tion under consideiation, and we wire not with-
out hope that the reasons we then presented would
induce the committee to give us a favorable repoit
upon a measuie of such vital impoi (anew to our
State as well as to our neighboring Territories of
Washington and Idaho.
it appears that the committee, deferring to a
usage so antiquated as to have almost become the
common law of the Senate, aftei listening to the
representations of our delegation, who were sup-
posed to know something about the propriety of
the measure, referred the question to the decision
of the Secretary of the Treasury, who tacitly ad-
mitted that he had no information upon the sub-
ject, and who in turn referred it to one James
Pollock, Director of the Mint at Philadelphia, and
who way the very man who knew less than any
other party consulted or likely to he consulted
about the question, and who has sent here a com-
munication adverse to the establishment of the
proposed branch mmtin Oregon, and from which
the following luminous extract was made:
ki Coinage is one of the highest and mo-t itnpoi tant at-
tiibiUe=> of national soveiciynty, and should be 'Xeiused
and controlled in «urh a manner a^ will tend t« *t]en"then
rather than weaken tiie national Government. It i  ic-
spectfnliy suggested whether the ptovidnig or addJtion.il
coinage establishments does not tend towaid national dit>-
mloglatlo^.,'
While the fate of the measure, rested with the
unbiased judgment of the honorable Senators who
composed the Finance Committee, 1 had no ap-
piehenbions of anything but a favorable tesuk;
but when my bill wassent on a voyage of discov-
ery, first to the casemates of the Tieasury De-
partment, and thence to the genius who piesides
over the patent Mint in the city ot "biotheily
love," { was appr. hcnsive that 1 should litvfr
again behold the fair proportions of my cherished
offspring. My worst fears have been realized.
My bill has returned from its peregrinations
hawked at, torn, and dilapidated by the stupidity
and ignorance of the company it has kept, and its
mangled remains are now before me in the shape
of a recommendation for an assay office.
13efore I had ever beheld the /Vmertcan Congress
I was so veidant as to suppose that great ques-
tions ufFtctmg the countiy, or any poitton of it,
woic decided by the intelligence and good sense
of the members, without icference to the narrow,
contracted, mid antiquated prejudiecsof some old
fogy of some previous generation, whose views
could only be valuable as an illustration of what
might be soul by an active, energetic, and success-
ful candidate for the capital prize at a woiki's
fool -i' lair.
My constituents are an eminently practical and
unsophisticated hoit of people. When I return
to tlmm I shall be called upon to give an account
of all the deeds and misdeeds done by me in this
body; and among other things I shall be called
upon to expHsn why their prayer for a branch
mint was not iesponded to. Well, sir, m my
shame and confusion, \ shall have to state that
Mr. Pollock was opposed to the measure. They
will naUually enough say, We sent you to the
Atne; icdii Uongiess to uige our chums, and can-
not st_e what Mi.Pollotk had to do with the
question. You cannot imagine, Senators, how
those people, in their simplicity, will be startled
and surprised when I deliberately proceed to tell
them that before a branch mint can be established
for the coiihige of their gold the bill must be sent
to one James Pollock for his approval or disap-
proval. If 1 am so fortunate as to convince them
that this Pollock is a coordinate branch of this
great and glorious Government, they will very
naturally desire to know upon what grounds and
upon what reasons he based his refusal to so just
a demand. Then I shall be forced to unfold to
them themighty, profound,and luminous reasons
of the philosophical, astute, and recondite Pol-
lock, m this wise: " Oregonians, you might have
had a bianch mint to com your gold and your sil-
ver at your doors, and thus save you from a loss
of fifteen or twenty per cent, of the precious met-
als for which you so industriously delve in the
earth, and of which you are daily being robbed,
either by speculators or by reason of the risk, ex-
posure, and delay incident to sending your gold
and silver thousands of miles away to be coined;
but the truth is that by some recondite process be-
yond my comprehension, and known only to great
political alchemists, the profound Pollock, after
submitting branch mints to the tortuiing process
of decomposition and analysis, has discovered
that their component parts ' consist of treason, se-
cession, wifhdiawal fiom the Union,' abrogation
of constitutional compacts, denial of Federal au-
thority, J mi egard of oaths, usurpation of national
prerogatives, stealing of public property, arson,
and muidei; all of wluch, when recombined into
a modem branch mint, constitutes the essence
of all these enmes latterly known as disintegra-
tion!" Why, su, after this lucid statement of the
evils which our people in their simple credulity
have invoked upon their own heads, when again
the people of Oregon, Washington, and Idaho
Temtory petition you for the location of a mon-
ster of rsuch hideous mien m then mulst, you will
be enabled to silence their clamots at once by the
bate mention of ii Pollock Disintegration," or
" Disintegration Pollock." Why, sir, us effect
will be as instantaneously soothing as the cabal-
istic invocation of the " manatoma" which fright-
ens ihe young Indian to sleep, or the bare mui-
tion of that de\il m English which reduces white
urchins to a state of proptiuy if not of slum-
ber. Air. Pollock, it would seem, has not only
found tune to draw his annual stipend with tiie
greatest regularity, but has devoted some of his
leisure houis to an examination of the Consti-
tution of the United Stales, upon which instru-
ment he assumes to become a commentator, and
with the greatest self-complacency proceeds to
inform us that " coinage is one of the highest and
most important attributes of national sovei eignty,
and should be exeieised and controlled in such a
manner as will tend to strengthen raihei than
weaken the national Govt inmeut,"and then pro-
cei ds to suggest that "additional coinage estab-
lishments tend towaid national disintegration."
It is true, sir, that our foi efithers in forming
the Constitution of the United States did define
the powcis of Congress; and among a variety
of .specified objects placed within its junsdiction
was that " to coin money and regulate the
value thereof;" but Mr. Pollock is the first of
the great commentatois who has found it neces-
sary to raise his warning voice against a hbeial
exeicise of this, " one of the highest atmbutes of
national sovereignty," so essential to the pros-
pet ity and general v. elfarc of a great and powei ful
nation. His piofound reasoning would seem to
indicate that even the limited exeicise of this
gieat picrogative was only a safe experiment
v, hen conducted at the parent Mint at Philadel-
phia, and under his own personal care and supcr-
vision; and while no danger is to be apprehended
from "disintegration" upon the slip of laud he-
tweets the Delaware and Schuylkill, yet, from
some occult icason, the most dire and disastrous
consequences were sure to follow the exercise ot
tins wonderful power beyond those mai'ic limits
The Constitution also authorizes Congress "to
borrow money on the credit of t he United States,''
and no oneseems disposed to regard the uuhmiu d
exercise of tins power as at all dangerous. It
also piovides that Congress shall have powr to
hiy and collect taxes, duties, imposts, and excises;
to reguhue commerce with toieign nations- and
the Indian tribes; to establish aunifoim rule of
naturalisation, and uniform laws upon the sub-
ject of bankruptcy; to fix standards of weights
and measures; to provide for the punishment of
counteifeiting the securities and current coin of
the United States; to establish post offices and
post roads; to promote the progress of science
and useful arts; to constitute tribunals infeiiorto
the Supreme Court; to declare war and grant let-
ters of marquo and reprisal; to raise and support
armies. These are but a few of the great powers
confided to congressional jurisdiction, to be exer-
cised for the prosperity and development of a
great and progressive people. It has remained
for Mr. Pollock to discover that at least one of
these great powers cannot be exercised beyond
the boundaries of his own town. He might with
the same propriety propose to restrict the exercise
of edl the rest within the same nairow limits.
Congress having availed itself of the constitu-
tional grant to coin money and fix the value
thereof, exercised this " highest and most import-
ant attribute of national sovereignty" by determ-
ining the mode by which the thing should be
done. Its functions ceased for the time being when
the Mint, or factory to execute its mandates, was
set in motion for that puipose. No restrictions
were placed upon the quantity of coin to he made,
that being left to be determined by the quantity
of mateiial furnished for the purpose and the ca-
pacity of the factory to work it up. No one but
iVl r. Pollock is impiessed with the idea that every
time he applies the necessary physical force to
the lever to swedge a piece of nickel into the
shape of cmrcnt coin that he is any moie exer-
cising the '"attributes of national sovereignty"
than is every day exercised by the stage-driver
who cracks "his whip over the team that draws
the mail, or the coal-heaver that stokes the fire to
generate steam for its propulsion by water. AH
three are simply doing the physical labor neces-
sary to accommodate the people with coins and
mails, in pursuance of different acts of Congress
predicated upon a fundamental grant of power.
The siuge-driver or the stoker could, with quite
as much propriety, give us their disquisitions
upon the constitutional power or the dangers to
be apprehended from its exercise, by reason of
"disintegration," tesuliins: fiom the establish-
ment of new mail routt s or increased speed upon
the old ones, as Mr. Pollock has for his absurd
attempt to prevent the people upon the Pacific
slope from being accommodated with pieces of
metal fashioned into money at a Government fac-
tory by virtue of pteexistmg authoiity.
Mints and branch mints, notwithstanding all
the mystenous dignity with which Mr Pollock
attempts to sunouud them,are meie woikshops,
or factories, established by the Government for
the accommodation of the people, and should be
located at points convenient touheiethe raw ma-
terial is pioduecd, in order that those engaged \n
that production should enjoy at least some of the
b( nefits of the fabrication. The man who is so
nairow-minded and selfishly prejndicedas to de-
sire to confine their operation to a single and in-
convenient pointin this gi eat country, so abound-
ing in the piecious metals, might os readily uige
tlu-t every iron-fouit'Jet y, brmk-yaid, saw and
grist mill, blacksmith, hatt« r, and shoemaker shop
neccssary to accommodate nunc than thirty mil-
ium people should be established in the same
village, and thus cheek any incipient tendency
to ward " disintegration."
Why, st, when the patriotic people of Ore-
gon,and Washington and Idaho Tetiitories read
Pollock's letter, and eompn bend that his report
against their proposed branch mini is based upon
his fears that so petty a consideration could shake
their loyalty or induce them to become traitors
to their country and their flag, teey will simply
treat his absurd theories with tla scorn and con-
tempt they deserve. A public of]i vr wiso,m the
middle of the ni'ifteenth century, eouhl descend
to indulge in such imputations against a loyal and
patriotic people, under tiie guise of defending the
Constitution, has about as much conceptu-n of
that instrument as the graw-worm has of the in-
tellect which once animated the body upon \\ inch
it f-eds. Tiie author of such vagaries could not
excite the anger of a sensible people, who if he
were piesent among them would be moved by
the h i«best dictates of humanity and phihmtiiropy
to cut iiim foi the simohs.
Weicuu in t he Scriptures that Xcbtiehadnezzor
fed upon grass, but there is no evidence that he
