338
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
"VVe shall soon have the naval bill before us,
which will contain appropriations to the amount
of $8,300,000 for this same purpose, which, added
to this appropriation, will make the appropria-
tions for the Navy Department this year for this
one branch $10,000,000. What I wish to call to
the attention of the committee,and in justification
of the remarks I made upon the taking up of this
bill, is that the Navy Department has failed to
comprehend this war or its magnitude. For in the
documents accompanying the President's mes-
sage,page 861, the chief-of this bureau, Mr. Wise,
after showing that tho deficicncy is #2-740,000,
«It will he seen by tho above estimates that the appro-
priations for 186*2-63 were $1,040,000 lc&g,ihan the expend-
itures, and that the appropriations for 1S63-04 will be
{§1,700,000 Joss than the expenditures, making an aggregate
of §2,700,000. It is highly important that this deficiency
should be supplied to enable the bureau to meet the neces-
sary expenses for the cuirent year. By reference tore-
marks underestimate < CJ it will he seen that the deficiency
for the current year is based on the expenditures of the
last year."
Now, it is evident that if, m going back two
"years, the Department make out a deficiency in
this one matter of ordnance and ordnance stores
of §2,700,000, they can have no idea of what
the expenditures of this war arc to be. I am
not speaking to the Committee of Ways and
Means, but i am addressing myself to the Ad-
ministration, and urging that it should try to
comprehend the expenditures of this war. No
doubt improvement in ordnance and the increase
of offices has ted to a great deal of this expendi-
ture. In its estimates the Administration should
not try to hide from the country what will be its
expenditures, but should look them fully in the
face and report them to Congress from year to
year; and 1 hope that the appropriations in the
Navy bill, soon to come up, will show a full ap-
preciation of the expenses of the coming year.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not feel very much dis-
posed to controvert the remarks of the gentleman
from New York. Two years or more ago I took
occasion to say to the Administration, and espe-
cially to gentlemen on that side of the Mouse,
that I did not think they realized the magnitude
of this contest. I thought then they ought to
have gone on at once and liberated every slave in
the rebel States, and put arms jnto the hands of
everyone so liberated. I said to the Administra-
tion I believed this war won id be more expensive
and carried on with much greater pertinacity than
would seem by our diplomatic conespondene.eand
otherwise was anticipated by the Administration.
I agree with (he gentleman from New York that
they have not always properly comprehended the
magnitude of the war, and have not always taken
the necessary steps to bring it to a close; and I
wish his reniaiks would stimulate them still fur-
ther to the desired energy. 1 do not believe the
war is ended, nor do I believe it is to be ended in
six, eight, or ten months, I believe .still further
burdens are to be laid on the people; but that only
shows that this appropriation is necessary,a fact
which the gentleman does not seem much to con-
trovert. In the ordnance department it in espe-
cially difficult to anticipate the amount of money
required. A vast number of ships were ordeied
by the last Congress after the estimates of last
year were brought in, and they requited such
heavy and numerous pieces of ordnance as to ren-
der this appropriation necessary.
Besides that there were a great many losses.
Many vessels have been sunk and many guns
lost; and, what is more, they wear out. I believe
the life of iron cannon, constiucted of the best
material, is estimated at about one thousand dis-
charges. Now take the ordnance before Charles-
ton: they have been contmuMly firing there for
the last—1 do not know how Ionic, but nine or
twelve months; and I believe ali this ordnance
will have to be laid aside in a very short time.
I think each piece has been discharged nearly to
the extent that it is safe to discharge it. The pe-
culiar effect of discharges upon iron is such,that
ufier a ceitain number of discharges they burst,
and it is therefor^gpecessary to lay them aside
before that number of discharges is reached, or
else they will cause great disasters. We make
all our heavy ordnance of iron, and therefore
they must ultimately be laid asidejnd their places
supplied. Hence the great appropriation neces-
sary for ordnance.
Mr, BROOKS, f rise to make a few remarks
in reply to the gentleman from Pennsylvania; and
particularly to that part of them in which he sug-
gests the mode and manner of a more vigorous
prosecution of the war—that is, by arming the
slaves, and issuing edicts of emancipation. His
own Presidenthas pronounced this edict as of no
more use than the Pope's bull against the comet.
It will not amount to anything. Ordnance 4s the
way to end this war—guns and cannon, and not
the liberation of slaves, not proclamations of
emancipation and declarations that the slaves are
free. It is all folly, it is all absurdity to try and
delude the people into the idea that that is a vig-
orous prosecution of the war.
Mr. STEVENS. "Will the gentleman allow
me to say a single word, as he seems to be ad-
dressing his remarks to me?
Mr. BROOKS. Certainly.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 mean to say, as to that
emancipation proclamation, that 1 have never
been an advocate of it. 1 never supposed that the
pioclamation did any good one way or the other,
except that it clarified public opinion. I have
always been for going into the rebel vStates and
taking the slaves away and putting arms in their
hands.
Mr. BROOKS. Why, what absurdity it is to
talk at this Capitol of prosecuting the war by the
liberation of slaves, when from the dome of this
building there can be heard at this hour the boom-
ing of cannot) in the distance 1 And yet you are
here, appropriating certainly for ordnance, but,
instead of confining yourselves to the legitimate
transaction of business, you suggest the libera-
tion of slaves as a means of deciding this war!
Why, sir, you cannot go at this day or at this
hour to the tomb of Washington with any safety
whatsoever, lest you may be apprehended and
abducted bv the cavalry of Moseby, unless you
are guarded by a cuvaliy corps; it is not safe on
this day and at this hour to cross the bridges of
the Potomac and go far into Virginia upon your
hoise or with your team unless you are guarded
bya cavalry corps; and the President of the Uni-
ted States feels himself so unsafe at this day and
at this hour that he presents a spectacle hitherto
unknown in this country—known only atSchon-
brun, in Austria, at the Tuilcries, in Paris, at the
lTorse Guards, in London—that of a cavalry corps
at the White House, not for his honor, but to
protect him from the operations of guerrilla cav-
alry. Tell me not that your presidential edicts
or your acts of Congress for the emancipation of
slaves are Culminations against the enemy! The
only fulmination is from ordnance, from guns,
eolumbiads, heavy artillery, Minie rifles. There
is no other. Confine yourselves to that mode of
ending the war, and it will soon be ended.
The news to-day is that Lonostreet, fortified
and strengthened by a portion of Lee's army of
the Potomac, is again threatening an attack on
Knoxviile. And think you that Longstieet is
terrified by voices in this Capitol libeiating slaves,
when Le - himself can send twenty or thirty thou-
sand men to the aid of Longstreet, and when, as
I said before, you cannot safely cioss the Poto-
mac, you cannot go to the tomb of the Father of
his Country with any safety without the protec-
tion of an armed corps? It is idle to tell the peo-
ple of this country that the liberation of the slaves
will end this war. You cannot befool the public
with that idea. Wherever our ordnance goes
successfully, where the sword is supremo, there
and only there, and not an inch further,ia the ful-
mination of any proclamation or the act of any
Congress worth tho paper upon which it is written.
Mr. SMITH. Mr. Chairman, I did not intend
to say anything upon this subject; buthaving wit-
nessed for the last two yeais or more the opera-
tions of the armies of the country, and, to some
extent, the effect ofordnance and small-arms upon
the enemy, I fee! it to be my duty upon this oc-
casion to say, that while there is power in these,
and while the Government must thiough these
execute its laws and vindicate its integrity, there
remains behind this rebellion that which gives it
strength and power, which must be overthrown
and destroyed on the other side while our armies j
and our ordnance move m front.
It is true that General Lee is within a short dis- !
tance of this city; it is true that Longstreet is for- !
tifymghimselfm eastern Tennessee; itistrue that 1
Beauregard is at Charleston; it is true that other j
rebel forces are in various quarters of this coun- j
try, bidding defiance to the Government of the
United States and its soldiery; but their forces in
arms against the Government are maintained and
fed by and their very life-blood is drawn from
African slavery in the South, and whenever you
—and I say it here asaKentuckian and as a south-
ern man, always having been identified with the
institution of slavery, and believing that as a citi-
zen of Kentucky I had a right to it, and so be-
lieving still—that whenever you sap the founda-
tion of this accursed rebellion and tear from un-
der the rebels that which has given them strength
and power, you destroy the rebellion^ and your
artillery is effectual. [Applause in the galleries
and on the floor, and some hisses.]
Now, sir, 1 would not touch, here or else-
where, the rights, the interests, the privileges, or
anythingelse belonging to aUnion man, or to any
man who has stood for his country in a rebellious
State or in a loyal State; but when a man has
evinced his hatred to this Government, when he
has voluntarily taken up arms against this Gov-
ernment, and when he has brought his artillery to
play upon its Constitution and its principles and
its liberties, he can demand of me, as a legislator
for the people of this country, no privileges in
horses, cattlc, lands, or negroes. We will take
them, when we come to them, by any means we
can, and by all means.
. The bulwark which prevented the American
people, by its Army, from moving down to the
South and exercising jurisdiction there—that bul-
wark, supported by four million slaves—must
be removed; and the evidence that we have a right
to remove it is that we have a right to crush the
rebellion. It was the duty of the Government to
do it. The Government would have failed in its
duty to itself and to all future generations if it did
not, m its power and majesty, sweep away that
bulwark of slavery. I thoughtit my duty, under
the circumstances in whi^h I am placed, coming
from the country I come from, representing the
loyal people who feel as I do, and whose opinions
have been expressed time and again to me as mine
i to them, to make this statement.
i Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend by strik-
ing out the following clause:
To supply a deficiency in theappropiiation for compen-
sation ot the officers, clerks, messeng'cis, and otheis receiv-
ing an annual salary in the employ of the House of Repre-
sentatives, $7,365 19.
I trust that the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means will furnish some explanation
of this clause. I have before me a memorandum
of the appropriations made for this purpose for
several years past. The appropriation for the
year ending 30th June, 1861, was $93,698. The
appropriation for the preceding year was $95,818.
The appropriation made at last session was
$103,487. It is now proposed to add to that sum
$7,3G519 as a deficiency, making in all.$110,852 19.
That is $15,000 more than was ever appropriated
for this purpose before. I am not aware that there
has been any material incicase of clerical force in
the office of the Clerk of the House. No gentle-
man can desire to prevent the appropriation being
made, if it be right and proper; but this extraor-
dinary mciease tequiios an explanation.
Mi. STEVENS. I send up to the Clerk's desk,
to be read, a letter in explanation of the clause.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Office* House or Representatives United States,
Washington, D. C., Jamiaiy 14, 1864.
Sir: There will be required for the service of the pres-
ent fiscal year the sum or $7,36519 to be added to the appro-
priation " for compensation of the officers, clerks, messen-
gers, and otheii lecciving an annual &aimyirt the employ
of the House of Representatives." A pait of the above
deficiency acei ues bv the increased pay of the Capitol po-
lice, under the act of July 20, 185-1. There will also be rc-
quiied to be added by appropuation to the contingent fund
of the iiouse the following sums, namely: $1,866 to the
item "lor cleiks to committee* and tempoiaty clerks in.
the office of the House of Representativestins defi-
ciency is created by mciea^ing the iiumber of committee
clerk*. Foity thousand dollais to the item "for folding
document*." Tho deficiency in this item amounts to
$16,000; in addition to which at least $24,000 will be re-
quned duung the piesidcntial campaign. Six thousand five
hundicd dollars to the item " for fuefand lights, including
pay of engineers, firemen, and laborers, repairs'and mate-
rials;" tins sum will be required to pay the engineers, fire-
men, and for repairs and materials, rhe appropriation hav-
ing been exhausted in the purchase of coal at the increased
rates. Eight thousand dollars to the item " for furniture,
repairs, and packing-boxes for members;" the appropria-
tion has proved insufficient, owing to the increased price
of carpeting and othei materials. Eight hundred and thirty-
two dollais and seventy-eight cents to the item "forlabor-
ers."' And .-$9,000 to the item vt for stationery;" this sum
