2360
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 19,
fully, I submit these remarks as they were deliv-
ered and as they appear in the Globe, a demon-
stration of wh^t f have said that not a syllable in
that speech was or was intended or could by any
ingenuity be tortured into anything offensive to
the Representative of the seventh district of Mis-
souri. They remained there in print until the
Monday following as a commentary upon the
speech an extract of which has been read at the
Clerk's desk; and yet the Representative from the
seventh congressional districtofMissouri.notcon-
ten t with having prepared and written out a speech
of the character there read, when he knew that
if he delivered it at all it must be in the absence
of him whom he was attacking, read it here in
the House in cold blood behind my back; but
further,not sure that he had done his woik, four
days afterwards, when it was published in the
Globe, he crept to the printing olfice and caused
to be printed with it, in the shape of a foot-note,
what he himself in the body of his speech con-
fessed was so coarse and vile an epithet that it
would be a violation of the rules to utter it in the
House.
Now, sir, I have not asked the attention of the
House m order rhat I might show how able I am
to compete with him or any one else in the use
ofviie epithets or viler billingsgate; or to hull
back upon the heads of those who uttered it the
vituperation they have wasted at my feet.
For this reason I do not propose at tins time
to enter into any reply to attacks upon me in my
absence, come they from what <juai tcr they may.
It is not for me to apply a test of true courage
to other men. The world will take for each of us
the full measuieof whatever of that quality we
may possess. To its arbitrament i am willing
to submit the decision of the question, whether
there is more of courage or cowaidioc in making
an unprovoked attack upon any man behind his
back. All laurels, by whomsoever won on sueh
an ignoble contest without an opponent, i shall
leave undisturbed to grace the biows of thoue who
think it an honor to wear litem.
I have waited until this time m order th.it it
might he demonstrated to oiheis, what I knew
myself, ihat this attack upon me did not depend
for its existence upon anything which I had said
or done. It has gone into the steieotyped pages
of the Globe; whatever of mjuiy it i*. capable of
doing to me it has accomplished.
A nd now, sir, I have made up, to go along with
it into the same pages, the lecord between my-
self and the Representative from the seventh con-
gressional disti ict of Missoun, before the tnbunal
of my constituents, this House and the country.
And the judgment each shall render I shall chet r-
Aiily abide.
Air. LOAN. I ask the unanimous consent/)!*
the House to say a word or two m iepiy to the
member from Massachusetts.
There was no objection.
Mr. LOAN. I desire to state to the House
that if in the discourse I deliveied to which ref-
erence has been made there was anything said
that was not justified by the speech to which 1
refilled, it was unintentional on my part, and 1
regret it. it is tine that i had the notes of the
gentleman's speech betore me. It is true that
after careful deliberation 1 believed the leply 1
had piepaied was nothing hut a just and legiti-
mate defense to the assault that had born made
upon me in the most unprovoked manner, not on
my case, but on my personal integrity. Thoic
was no ground for tlmt. It was with the under-
standing that a deliberate, premeditated assault
had been made upon me personally in this House
m the reply the gentleman from Massachusetts
made to a question of the gentleman irom West
Virginia [Mr. WhalevJ that I made the pe rsonal
remark .to winch exception litis been taken. If,
in the opinion of the House, that is not a justifi-
able reply, I a.-ik the pardon of the House fui
having made it. After the ivmiukrf of the gen-
tleman ftotn Massachusetts [^Mr. Oawi-is] this
morning, I have no paidon to ask at hii hands
- My invariable luie through life li.ts been never
to ofier any insult to any one*, and I inform him
and this House that 1 have never allowed a sen-
timent of malice to reign m my heart towaidany
one. Whenevei I have felt that i have been un-
justifiably and unwarrantably attacked in my per-
sonal honor, I have always considered it to be my
duty, and one which I have never shrunk from,
and I never expect to shrink from, to defend my-
self to the best of my ability.
The gentleman from Massachusetts stated that
my answer to his speech was made when his back
was turned. I had no alternative. It is not my
fault. He saw proper to vacate his seat. Nor is
it my fault thathe failed to correct any improper
expression which reflected on me. He shot a
Parthian arrow and then left. There was no al-
ternative; no other course left to me. My de-
fense to his assault was to be made in my speech,
and I had no option as to the time at which the
speech should be made.
I think proper to say that a friend of mine, of
whom 1 think highly^ said to me, that the foot
note, of which complaint is made, was improper.
Relying on his judgment, I promptly repaired to
the Globe office and ordered that foot note to be
stricken out so that it will notappear irwthe Con-
gressional Globe. When I did that I had no idea
that the gentleman [Mr. Dawes] cared what I
did. A friend had said that I had done wrong, in
his opinion,and that was sufficient reason forme
to correct it.
1 entertained no unkind opinion toward the
gentleman from Massachusetts; up to the time of
that speech 1 had no cause. jBut 1 believed lion-
esily and sincerely that his speech was an unpro-
voked assault 011 me and my personal honorand
integuty, and I replied to it as I thought it de-
served. If 1 have misconstrued the speech and
answered in an unjustifiable manner, 1 have al-
ready stated that 1 beg the pardon of the House,
for it was not my intention to be guiliy of any
imprtipi lety heie.
That is all the explanalion, Mr. Speaker, I
Inue to make in regard to the niattei. 1 have
done simply what 1 believed to be right. It is
possible that the minds of members may be so
constituted as to dilfer in regard 10 the merits of
the ease, but aceouling to the best, judgment that
l( ha.s pleased Providence lo endow nie Wl I li, 1 be-
lieve the consinietion that i put on it, that it was
an itnpi ovoked and nnwai i anlable assault on me,
win; a inn' and just one. As such 1 lesenfed it.
Ifl eotild have put any otln'i-constaiction on it 1
would have done so. I had nodesiie for eontio-
veisy—no desire for any unkind feeling, and no
cause of complaint toward others. Hut if any
one shall make any assault on me I expect to
d"fcml myself. 1 do not seek the reputation of a
man of couiage. 1 do not expect togetany pop-
ulaiity from it. It is not my style. 1 expect to
net on the defensive, and in my intercourse with
oihers 1 desire to leceive and expect to extend to
all the courtesy due from one friend to another.
Air. MALLORY. I ask to make a personal
explanation.
Tiiere was no objection.
Mi*. MALLORY. in order that I may do it,
I ask the Clerk to read from the Globe oi yester-
day an extract fiom a speech made some days
since by the member from Indiana, [Mr. Julian,]
and a colloquy in the course of that speech be-
tween him and myself.
The Clerk read, as follows:
u;\s rejects the question ol ' negro eqnatitw' let nie
My to the {jeuiieniiin that I do not think lie omjlil to pres-s
it, eoiiMflemiu lus lelations to his hieilnen in the South.
J tlnnk 1 he -ui)j''<'J a soinewlnit delieato one lot Uemociatic
yentlenirn to deal with.
tv Mr. Mam.ory. I would like to have the gentleman
cxjil-un tii.it.
•v ,M I. .h'f.r\ n. I will do so We who ate known ;i-* Re-
publicans and unconditional IJmon men Munenmes
ciare with negtoes. '{ jx-j live .unong u<, and oi coin -e \\ e
have dealins:. u ilh Ihcm. But no such mtimatr i(ialions
eus-t between them ami u^ ,);• we find e\u-tni^ between
them and the Denmei.itfOt' the South. ContmtMlh . habit-
ual!}, <uid <<-. the icMiit ot' a well ieeo$nu/ced |;uv ot social
order, the slave mothet-.and slave muster* of ih<j South are
luonght on to the level ot'xtend equality in in mo-t loath-
some fouus. Jh some ot the irbel Stales I believe the
number 01 mul.uroc* is nearlyeqtMi to the mimhei ot'Dein-
oeiatie voteis. hi the State of Mi^i^ippi, it' i am not mis-
taken, whenever }ou find an orthodox modem Dciuociat
\ou will Itud a mulatto not veiy tar oif. The gentleman
cannot deny tin-, mile-* ho. eau"-dio\v that these muhittoes
spiouted uj) I10111 the .soil, ur wcie lamed down tiom the
clouds or lepoitcd their pi e^eneo through s-orncothei iniia-
<. le. Tins soi lal equalit} between negro women and Anglo-
Saxon i)etnociau> i> the natuial consequence and necessity
fiint ot the inMituuoa winch lias pioved itseli to be the
mother or" ttea-ou arid ni all le^ei abominations.
"■ Mr. Waixorv. The Oiwii-; Bmeau establishes the
fact that one si\th of the eoloied population ot the North
have white blood in tlun vem>, w Inle only one ninth of
the -lave population have white blood in them.
" Mr. Jnr.7i.\v. I have not examined the een-u-j tables
as to the tact stated by the gentleman. It may be true,
tor I believe muhutocs more generally come into the north-
ern States than tho«e of a daiker color, and of course their
increase will be mulattoes. The gentleman !•> not at all
relieved, however, by the white blood in the veins of these
negroes in the North, for they have migrated ttom the
South, bringing with them, perhaps, the blood of the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, and other distinguished leaders of
his party."
Mr. MALLORY. My reason, Mr. Speaker,
for rising to trouble the House about this mat-
ter is to correct a habit which has grown, in my
estimation, into a nuisance, and against which 1
propose to enter my solemn protest.
It is this: that members of this House permit
others, as an act of courtesy, apparently, to in-
terrupt them in the coursc of their speeches by
questions to which they make, what appear to be
at the time candid replies, and then, going to the
office of the Globe, get from the reporter the
notes of such colloquy and destroy those notes
entirely, and substitute other and different an-
swers from those uttered upon this floor.
The personal matter of that colloquy is noth-
ing; the point is that the gentleman never uttered
the reply which the Globe represents him as ut-
tering to me upon this floor, and I state that the
reply which now appears in the Globe as the 10-
plyto me by the memberfrom Indiana is a'forgery.
It is not the reply which was made to me in that
debate by the member from Indiana.
Mr. JULIAN. Will the gentleman allow me ?
Mr. MALLORY. The member will excuse
me.
Mr. JULIAN. I made those very remaiks.
Mr. MALLORY. I have known in the course
of my experience as a member of Congress gen-
tlemen to let drop in the courbe of debate expies-
sions which violate the parliamentary rules of this
House, and m some instances, but rarely, has it
occurred among gentlemen that expressions have
been diopped which to some extent violated the
rules of good breeding. But never befoic 111 my
life have i known a member deliberately to write
with his own hand an ex-prcs.siun indecent, vul-
gar, unbecoming a member of this House, unbe-
coming a gentleman of course, and deliberately,
without ever having uttered it, insert it in the
Globe as a record ot our proceeding when it never
had an existence. That cours*e has been left for
the member from Indiana to take, I think for the
first time in the history of this deliberative body.
I am satisfied to leave the member in the posses-
sion of all the lauiels which lie can gather by such
an act. If another kind of a man had uttered
upon this floor what the gentleman, by this foigery
interpolated in the Globe, has now asserted and
held that he dfd use, I should have taken another
and a difteient notice of it. I should not have
noticed it in this Hall. The reason is apparent
to gentlemen here why I have pursued tins course
towaid the member from Indiana.
I think this custom has grown to be a nuisance;
it ought to stop, an end ought to be put to it.
When a member upon this floor, in reply to gentle-
men heie, utters deliberately what lie then sup-
pojjps to be his opinions, he should be held to that
record, and not be allowed to enter the office of
the Globe and destroy the notes of the reporter as
to what he did say, and in his own handwriting
substitute another reply than the one which he
made upon the iloor of this House.
What I say is proved by the notes which I hold
in my hand. The gentleman, the member from
Indiana, after leaving my lemaiks as the leporter
of the Globe took them down, notonly wrote Ins
out in his own handwriting and sent them to the
Globe office, but at the end ofhis own document,
at the end of what he added, he inserted in bra< li-
ds, " laughter," in his own handwriting. He
has not only gone so far as to for^e a reply to me,
but hehas insulted this House by deliberately per-
petrating another foigery and making a lecurd
which the House laughed at. I have to say that
if the member is satisfied with this matter, if he
thinks he has added to his reputation, ifhe thinks
he has gained anything which is desirable, and of
which he, as a member of this House, ought to
be proud, by this course, I leave him to the full
enjoyment of it.
Mr. JULIAN. The practice is a very com-
mon one in this body for members in the haste
of debate to make remarks which they afterwaids
correct in matters of verbiage, and frequently,
where personal matters are not involved, as to
matters of additional fact, by way of supplement-
ary atgument or lllustiation. I certainly did not
