1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1385
telegraph, use postage slumps, or vide upon rail-
roads, then the Mint at Philadelphia was at the
hub of theAmencan universe and in a central
position,and could accommodate the nation. At
present there is no more use or propriety m its
being there than there would be in sending warm-
ing-pans to the East Indies, temperance lecturers
to the State of Maine, Christian missionaries to
Massachusetts, or steam cotton-presses to Terra
de! Fuego.
The little old man who so complacently sits
in the Utile old Government workshop in Phil-
adelphia, exercising " the highest functions of
national sovereignty" by coining $3,000,000 of
gold a year, whiie the Pacific slope is producing
$100,000,000 and wants it coined into a circulating;
medium, will eventually have to yield to the logic
of current events and take his shop to the gold,
for the reason that the gold will not come to his
shop.
This is a progressive world and a progressive
people in a progressive age. Commeice, enter-
prise, and the great interests of mankind will not
be trifled with or retarded by the theories of a by-
gone ago. Those who are too prejudiced or too
stubborn to yield must clear the track, or be
crushed by the car of progress. The adoption
of a liberal and magnanimous policy on the part
of Congress toward the remote States and Ter-
ritoiies is calculated to cherish and foster the in-
nate love of our people for our Government and
institutions. No recipients of such generous
favois are likely to icgard them as an inducement
to secession or " disintegration,"especially when
the disturbing causes which have led to our pres-
ent difficulties have no existence with them.
This is true of the States and Territories upon
the Pacific. It is tiuc that a branch mint v.as
one of the institutions confeired upon the south-
ern States by the liberality of Congress, and was
located at New Oileans. That blessing, like any
other conferred upon that region, was perverted
and abused in the mad cateor of a people determ-
ined to make slavery general and freedom local,
but there is not a particle of evidence that it fur-
nished any more inducement to the consummation
of secession and rebellion than any other of the
thousands of blessings that the southern people
derived from their connection with the Union.
This folly had its origin in other causes, promi-
nent among which was the absurd claim that
State sovereignty was paramount to national au-
thority. The seeds or secession and rebellion,
with all their concomitant cuises and ciimes, had
been sown broadcast by prominent southern
statesmen for a period of moie than thirty years,
under the fascinating designation of State rights,
and were assiduously cultivated by pretenders
who claimed to be the embodimentof ail that was
chivalrous. They are now reaping a bountiful
harvest of their legitimate but aecutstd fruits. It
has proven to be not only a troublesome but an
expensive experiment not likely to be repeated
anywhere.
Mr. Piesident, in order to refute the visionary
theories of what 1 regard as an insane man, I have
thus boon led to repel mere assertions which would
not be of the slightest consequence were it not, un-
fortunately, for the official position which by acci-
dent he happens to occupy. I regret exceedingly
that circumstances beyond my control have com-
pelled me to waste so much ammunition upon
such ve>-y small game.
It may possibly be urged, sir, with a parent
M'nt at Philadelphia, and a branch mint at San
Fran-Mbco, no more minting facilities are required,
and that gold will seek the locality where it can be
coined the cheap"st. I dispose of all such argu-
ments by stating that during the last fiscal year the
branch mintot San Francisco by being worked to
its utmost capacity was only able to coin gold to
the amount of $[7.510,963, while only $13,340,-
931 71 reach'd and was coirud at Mr. Pollock's
old curiosity shop m Philadelphia. It should also
be borne in mind that at Philadelphia the Govern-
ment chtuge for "pasting," as it is technically
called, was only five ccnts per ounce,while at San
Francisco it wan fourteen cents per ovnee. These
data prove conclusively that gold seeks the near-
est mint, for comage, and that the extra charge of
nine cents per ounce for " parting'" bears no suit
of proportion to the expense and del?ys of trans-
porting gold to the parent Mint at Philadelphia.
When*", besides, it is taken into consideration that
the Government levies and collects a tax upon
all money coined at their establishments equal to
the expense of coinage, I am unable to perceive
how she can lose in a pecuniary point by the
adoption of a measure which provides for reim-
bursing her for all her outlay. Surely the amount
asked for by the bill is a paltry sum. You ex-
pend without a murmur a larger sum every month
in what is called decorating" the subterranean
passages of this building with gaudy daubs, in-
tended, as i suppose, to represent mountains, cas-
cades, beasts, birds, and persons, who never ex-
isted except in the distempered brain of the artist
engaged in producing them
The wealth, the population, and political power
of this Republic are progressing westward with as
much certainty and resistless power as causes the
light and heat of the morning sun to flow in the
same direction. You can neither ignore the fact
nor retard its consummation, but you may for a
brief period embarrass it by a refusal to comply
with the just demands of our people for the same
national benefits conferred by the common Gov-
ernment upon older and more favored portions of
the country.
Whatever may be the blessings of a papercur-
rency, our people upon the Pacific fail to discern
them. Both California and Oregon have prohib-
ited banks within their limits by their constitu-
tions, and nothing is there known or recognized
as money but gold and silver; nor can you com-
pel a people whose piincipal production is gold
and silver to recognize any other currency. Pa-
per money there of all sorts and kinds is treated
as a commeieial commodity, and is bought and
sold for its coin value. It is true that the legal-
tender clause makes it current at its face in the
liquidation of judgments there as here, but he
who recovers it can only dispose of it in the same
way.
Commerce and the ordinary transactions of life
make it necessai y to have m that country a large
amount of com in circulation. In order to send our
bullion to San Francisco for coinngc we are sub-
jected to a tax of about ten per cetu.,m the way of
express charges and nismance, in addition to the
constant delay which occurs in the transportation
and at the Mint, which., upon an average, amounts
to three months. Is there any just or sound reason
why the people of that leg.on should have a tax
of millions per annum imposed upon them for the
mere purpose of enriching insurance and expicss
companies or speculator-., or foi holding us m a
soit of commercial \assalago and as tributaries
to a neighboring State? Franee, England, and
other nations of Europe, a<5 well as Mexico and
the contiguous StatesofCcntrnl and South Amer-
ica. have been keen enough to appreciate our
wants in the wav of curieucy, and have at times
flooded us with foreign coins, and have icahzed
great profits byjhu hade. Hy the adoption of
this measure you relieve us fiom all this enor-
mous and unjust taxation.
Wnli a fi 1 ui c.i.isciousiics.-t of Oil justice and
propriety of my amendment, I invoke the aid of
Senators to procui e us adoption.
ADJOUKNMKST TO MONDAY.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clark in
the chair.) The morning hour having expired,
the special order is now before the Senate.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate now
proceed to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. IIOWE. I will inquire of the Senator
from Massachusetts if this bill might not first be
disposed of?
Mr. WILSON. I ought not to have given way
when I made this motion before. It is very im-
portant to act on these generals to-day.
Mr. CONNESS. Will the Senator withdraw
his motion to allow me to make a motion for an
adjournment to Monday?
Mr. POWELL. Will the Senator be kind
enough to yield unt'l I can call up a resolution
asking for information?
Mr. CONNESS. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts gives way to me, and I move that when
the Senate adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on
Monday next.
The motion was agreed to.
OUDEIl OF BUSINESS.
Mr. POWELL. I move to take up the reso-
lution that I offered yesterday morning calling on
the Secretary of War for information. I will
state to the Senate that I am preparing a bill on
the subject-matter of that resolution, and I wish
to have the report of the Secretary before I intro-
duce it. I suppose no Senator will object to the
adoption of the resolution.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
by the Senator from Kentucky to proceed to the
consideration of the resolution indicated by him.
Mr. WILSON. I think we had better go into
executive session, and settle as many df these
cases as we can. It is very important to do it.
The failure to act on these nominations is creat-
ing the greatest trouble in the Army; and the rep-
resentations are so strong that I do not see how
we can postpone action upon them.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 am perfectly willing to
go into executive session and take up the nom-
inations which are alluded to by the honorable
Senator if he will fix a day ahead for their con-
sideration—I do not care how near it is—so that
everybody may have notice that the nominations
are to be acted on at that time. But to take them
up suddenly, when we undeistand that some of
them are to be contested by gentlemen who per-
haps are not present, I do not think is exactly
proper.
I have heard this story, about the embarrass-
ment of the Army with reference to a particular
nomination, so many times that I have not quite
the belief that military operations must necessa-
rily stop unless we confirm some particular offi-
cer in the space of five or ten minutes. I do not
think a delay of two or three days can make any
very particular difference when we know that
their claims for promotion have rested for three
or four months without any very great difficulty
arising.
If the Senator will notify the Senate that he
shall move to go into executive session at a par-
ticular hour on some day next week with a view
to take up these nominations, I shall interpose no
objection to the motion at the time appointed.
He may fix it as early as he pleases. But I want
ail Senators to know when these particular nom-
inations are to be acted upon, and then if they
choose to be away and do not attend to them, it is
their own fault, and we shall not be met by mo-
tions to reconsider,&c., because they are not here.
This is my opinion about it. If the Senator dif-
fers from me, of course he can pursue his own
course.
Mr. WILSON. It seems to me the Senate is
fuller to-day than usual, and I do not see any
reason why we cannot go into executive session
and act on some of these nominations now. If
there are any Senators absent who have expressed
a desire to be present and vote on particular nom-
inations, we can postpone those cases. We have
got more executive business than we can do to-
dei y. The Senator from Maine is well aware that
whenever any effort has been made to act on these
generals, for several weeks past, they have been
put over. There has been a great deal said to us
lately in icgard to these nominations. The sub-
ject has been piessed upon us, and within a few
days with a gi eat deal of earnestness, for this rea-
son: there have been quite a number of changes
in the geneials of our armies, and especially in
the army of the Potomac, as everybody knows.
It is impoitant that these nominations shall be
acted on one .way or the other. Tin it* confirma-
tion or rejection will affect a great many btigades
and divisions where llu-re is 0 great deal of trouble.
The question whether a man shall command a di-
vision or a brigade depends entirely on these con-
firmations. The Secretary of War is very anx-
ious for action, and I know that the generals who
are reotganizmg these armies are anxious for ac-
tion on these nominations. I should like to go
on with them as far as we can to-day. If there
are any of these cases that any Senator now ab-
sent desires to have acted on in his piesence, and
anybody knows it, I am certainly willing it shall
lie over. There are forty-nine cases before us,
and we cannot act on all of them to-day.
Mr. HALE. I shall deem it my duty to op-
pose the, motion to go into executive session. I
have been waiting nearly the wind#5 session for a
tnne when there should be some little lull in the
ousiness of the Committee on Military AOairs,
which I believe guneially has ground out a hill
a day during the session, to present for the con-
sideration of the Senate one or two metisuies for
