1864.
THE
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
will be required to keepuptheassortmentof stationery and
to pa\ to incmbeis nnthawn balances of then stationery
accounts.
There being of the contingent fund an unexpended bal-
ance of an old nppiopriation "for engraving,'electiotyp-
inii,-"' See . of $21,207 S1), f would iccommend that ii'be
transfened to the 'k nie-eellaneou^ item" of tin-1 contingent
fund, to meet pa} merits- to witnesses and other expense of
investigations by committees.
Very respectfully, EDWARD McPIIERSON,
Clerk oj the Flovse of Representatives United Slates.
Hon. T. Stevens, Chairman, $c.
Mr. HOLM AN. This letter ^ives no explana-
tion except of one item, ft says that the increase
has arisen from the addition of twenty per cent,
to the pay of the Capitol policc, under the act of
1854. It is vei y true that the addition was made,
but Congress at last session made an appropua-
tion covering it. If it should appear, on exam-
ination, that this $7,365 19 should be appropriated
as a deficiency, it may go into the miscellaneous
appropriation bill, to be hereafter reported; but
until there shah have been some examination I
trust the clause will be stricken out.
The question was taken on agreeing to the
amendment. On a division of the House, no
quorum voted.
Mr. HOLMAN. Inasmuch as there appears
to be no desire to investigate this item, oi to ic-
duee expenses, I presume that I may ns well with-
diaw the amendment.
The amendment was withdrawn.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. Chairman, I rise, al-
though very unwell, for the purpose of making1 a
few remarks in reference to what fell from my
colleague [Mr. Smith] a few minutes ago, and I
hope the committee will indulge me.
One Member, (on the Republican side.) Ob-
ject.
Many other Members, (on the same side.) Go
ahead—no objection.
Mr. MALLORY. My colleague has clearly
a right to express his sentiments to this Mouse
upon any question, and I shall neverquarrel with
him about the correctness of those opmionsor the
taste manifested in their expression. But 1 in-
tend, on this floor, to utter my solemn protest
ag.unst the declarations and opinions of my col-
league being taken or legarded as those of the
State of Kentucky on that subject. The State of
Kentucky denies and scorns them, and has, on
solemn occasions and whenever she has spoken
to the subject at all, given that gentleman and the
world evidence of the fact that she does so. That
gentleman was elected as a representative of the
Union Democratic party of the State of Kentucky,
was elected by the same parly in that State which
elected me, on the same platform, and was sent
to represent the same ciccd that I represent.
A conventional Louisville,in my own distiict,
solemnly enunciated last Match to the people of
Kentucky, and to the world, the opinions of that
State oil the great questions of the day. The
State of Kentucky, through the Union Democratic
party, the ptedonnnant party of that State, de-
nounced among other things the policy of the
Administration of freeing the slaves of the South
as a war measure, or for the purpose of aiding in
suppressing the rebellion.
iVlr. SMITH. I ask my colleague this simple
question: whether the results of the movement
of the ai tines, and the results of the action of the
Administration which have been denounced as
unconstitutional, unwarranted 
Mr. MALLORY. Make it short.
Mr. SMITH. I ask my colleague whether the
people, with all of the facts before them, did not
give last August fifty-nine thousand majonty for
the Union;
Mr. MALLORY. Yes, sir; and fifty-nine
thousand majority against the Administration ot
Abiahain Lincoln, then denounced by my col-
league himself. lie denounced tin.'policy of this*
Administration, and I date him to deny that.
Mr. SMITH. I do deny it.
Mr. MALLORY. Then you deny the record.
My colleague [Mr. Wadsworth] will please lead
the resolutions of that convention.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I read four resolutions
adopted by thrt Kentucky Legislatuie at its win-
ter session, and reaffirmed by the gieat
Union Democratic State convention at Louisville,
in Maieh following, namely;
'• lld'jU C'h That nur institutions- ate assailed by an annrd
rebellion on one s-ide, which can only bo met by the svwul;
and on tin* other by unconstitutional nets of Congress. and
startling usurpation.-* of power by the Executive, which we
have seen by experiment can he eoriected bv the ballot-box.
Policy, as well as principle, teqiure? that Kentucky shall
await the piocess of iclorm, which i*Mow but *ure, and
refiain iiom all unlawful and unconstitutional acts, which
have already bnmgnt terrible calamities upon the couutiv;
while we invoke the aid of all pnhiotic men to avert the
evil- 5li.it thieaten out free institutions.
" Resolved, That thisGeneial Assembly now, in the exer•
ehe of its rjajJii to differ m opinion uith the national Exec-
utive, enters its solemn prote.-t against the proclamation of
the President of the United States, dated W ot 'January,
1&63, by which he assumes tocmancipate all Maves within
ceitam States—holding the &anie to be unwiscjunconstitu
tional, and void.
" Resolve!, That thi* Genoial Assembly declares}-that the
power winch has recently been a^umed by the Pi evident
of the United States, whereby, under the gui-se of niihtiuv
necessity, be ha^ pioclanned and extended martial law ovei
States where war did nor exist, and has suspended the wat
ot habeas coipw, is unwauanted by the Constiintion, and
its tendency is to subordinate civil to nnlitaiy autlioiiu. and
to pubveit constitutional and tiee government.
"Resolved. Thattin.sGeneial A-^embh hail- with plea?-
ureable hope the lecent manifestations oi con>cs vativc sen-
timent among toe people uf the non-.-laveholdinsi J-5 talc* in
their late elections, and jegaid the^anie a- the eaine-tofa
good purple on their part to coopeiaie with nil othei loyal
citizen-, give seeuiityto the rights ot every section, and
maintain the Union and the Constitution as thc\ wereoj-
daitied by the founder ol the Republic.-''
Mr. MALLORY. Now, Mr. Chairman, I can
tell this House, after these resolutions have^been
read, what that convention did mean. I tell this
House and the country that the predominant party
in Kentucky, whose sentiments you have hearu
expressed in these resolutions, was the party that
nominated and elected my colleague, [Mr. Smith.]
Mr. SMITH. I will ask my colleague one
question, if he will allow mc.
Mr. MALLORY. Certainly.
Mr. SMITH. 1 ask my colleague whether I
was not a candidate forelection to Congress in the
district now known as the sixth disUict of Ken-
tucky against his late colleague m this House,
John W. Menzies? That he knows to be the fact.
I ask Inn; further, whether lie did not give his
support to Mr. Menzies so far as he could out-
side of his own district? 1 ask him whether he
did not also wute a letter to Mr. Menzies in favor
of his reelection ?
Mr. MALLORY. 1 did, and ! am jjlad that I
had prescience to know what soit uf man was
belli"; supported against Mr. Menzies. Since the
gentleman came heie he has shown himself to be
what I suspected lie was. That election in Ken-
tuckyamountsto tins: (hat the Union Democratic
party ot Kentucky intended to stand by the Gov-
ernment of the United States through " thick and
thin," til rough adversity and thiough prospeiity;
that they intended to maintain it by the appro-
priation of mom y and the raising of men to put
down this rebellion so long as men and money
were necessary. That is what that election meant.
That pmty also rebuked, as they said in those
resolutions, as unwise and impolitic and uncon-
stitutional, the policy of this Administration in
many impol unt respects. The Union Democratic
party m those resolutions distinctly denounced the
President's proclamation of emancipation, which
my colleague consideis now as a necessary war
measure. They denounced it as unconstitutional,
null and \oid. That was done by those who nomin-
ated and elected my colleague. I ask him whether
in his speeches he ever dared to avow Ids ap-
proval of the emancipation policy of the Presi-
dent ? I want a direct answer.
Mr. SMJTII. I will answer my colleague dis-
tinctly, that I said in my canvass in Kentucky,
that m no act of the President, in no act of the
Congress of the United States, in no act or woid
or deed that could be found on papci had the in-
stitutions of Kentucky been touched, and I defy
mortal man to show it. I defy my colleague here
to aliow it.
Mr. MALLORY. Answer my question.
Mr. SMITH. 1 told the people of Kentucky
that I would oppose the opeiation of that procla-
mation to the Union men of the South, but that
so fur as rebels in aims were concerned 1 was not
only for taking their negroes, but that 1 was for
taking their infernal lives and crushing them to
atoms.
Mr. MALLORY. I have not yet obtained an
answer to mv cjuesiton I ask my colleague
whether he ^u-r dared m his district dunng his
canvass to announce that the proclamation of the
President fleeing the slaves of the insurrectional}'
States was constitutional, and that he approved
of it >
Mr. SMITH. The question was never made
in my distiiet whether it was constitutional or
unconstitutional. [Laughter on the Democratic
side of the House.] I ask my colleague to allow
me to say that I am in exceedingly good humor,
and I trust my colleague, so far as we are person-
ally concerned, will allow this little debate to go
on pleasantly between us.
Mr. MALLORY. Oh, yes.
Mr. SMITH, lask my colleague in connection
with this discussion' if he is in javor of and will
support a doctrine which will give to these rebels
who'are in arms in this great conspiracy against
the Government of the United States all the rights
and privileges he would give to Union men; and
if he would make a rendition of their slaves whan
they have transgressed the laws of their country
and only made to yield by the sword?
Mr. MALLORY. I would carry on this war
against t lie armed power of the rebels with'all the
power this Government can constitutionally mus-
ter against them. J would reduce and destroy
their aimies; 1 would destroy all lesistance to the
laws and Constitution of the United States; and
then 1 hope 1 would have the magnanimity to
spare private property and let the people who have
been reduced to submission return to their alle-
giance and enjoy their own property, and live
under their own vine and fig-tree. I wantno af-
terclaps, no sanguinary modes of punishing them
after the war is over for whatthey did during the
war. I want no rankling left behind. 1 want,
when this war is over, peace and harmony to
spread their broad wines over the whole country.
1 want upon the statute-book no such lawsasmy
collrague would defend—a state ofthiogsin which
the arms of men would be raised against their
fellow-men; a state of things which for ages would <
make the assassin lurk in secret places to shoot
down the man who has in his possession his
father's confiscated estate. I want no bloody law
upon the statute-book. I want, when peace comes
and the rebellion is subdued, all possible peace
and harmony to prevail.
My colleague, during the canvass in the district
he represents, made many speeches, and my col-
league here present [Mr. Wadsworth] has one
which he [Mr. Smith] made upon this question,
and, with the permission of the committee, 1 will
ask that it be now read.
Mr. STEVENS. As these gentlemen seem to
be hunting up documents for ihis discussion, I
think they need a hale more time,and with their
permission I will move that the committee rise.
Mr. MALLORY. I must decline to yield.
Mr. WADSWORTH. i read some extracts
ft <>m a speech made by General Gi een Clay Smith,
July *28, 1863, to a meeting in Harrison county,
Kentucky, as I find them published in the Cin-
cinnati Commercial of July '20, 1863, namely:
t; lie [Mr. Menzies] chaiges that 1 do not stand upon the
Loui.-villo plathnin. and that the convention did not in-
doi.-e it. I contend it has indorsed it, and that I am the
fnend of the Union paify of the State, lu tine representa-
tive, and he its enemy.'1
And again:
" I never entci tamed a moment's thought antagonistic to
the action oi the Louisville convention; on the contrary,
1 htand upon the pkufoim of the Union Demociat'ic party
of the ytate. as contained in the resolutions of the Louis-
vjile convention."
And again:
'• X am opposed to ihe radical nica«mes of the Adminis-
tiation, ami it elected to Contfi e>* will puisne a course cou-
Msienr with these avowals In the selection of a Speaker
for the House f will vote lor a war Demociat; and such
measures as neither mv vote nor influence a< a mcmberof
Coiiiiiess can change. 1 hope to the mea-ure of my ability
to eficetually defeat by pie-ting ihe war to a speed) cio^e,
m dc^tiowng the ariuier- of our enemies and in the wake
of our MCtoiiuiis nuns., and -ec the Constitution and law
and order restored in ev<-ry State of the Union, under
winch the lights of persons and property will be secured
and piotected.''
Mr. MALLORY. I do not know that I have
much to add to that speech [laughter] about my
colleague's record, or about the convention which
nominated him or the people who elected lum.
I will conclude my remarks by saying that my
solemn conviction is that Kentucky repudiates
the sentiments uttered by the gentleman a few
moments a o as completely ns she did atthat time
when he indorsed Mich condemnation. He has
changed; Kentucky has not. He is entitled to
make that change, and I do not quarrel with him
for having made it. Hehosarighttodoit. Even
after hp had pledged himself to his constituents to
