1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2361
in the case referred to go beyond the license
which is well understood and. universally recog-
nized in this body. And I appeal now to the
recollection of members of the House if the re-
port of my remarks in the dialogue between the
gentleman from Kentucky and myself is not, as
contained in the Globe, the same substantially as
the words spoken by me in the House. I did
make, not only in substance but almost in the
very words of the report in the Globe, the re-
marks that have been read by the Clerk. The
variation is simply in some matters of formal ex-
pression, and not at all in the idea or in the fact,
as I recollect what I said on that occasion. In the
following extiact, which the gentleman has read
from the Globe, there is no ground whatever for
his charge of forgery and interpolation. [Here
Mr. Juliam read the extract before read at the in-
stance of Mr. Mallory.J
I repeat that I did state, in substance and
almost literally, the same matter which the gentle-
man seems to tyke as personal on this occasion,
and I am sorry he does so. 1 have not availed
myself of the usual license in this body in the
statement of what I said.
I lmve seen, in the leports of proceedings of
the House during this session, that sometimes
where u gentleman has spoken five minutes he
has appealed in the Globe as the author of a half
hour's speech. Such eases are common here. I
know that in the case of one of my colleagues,
on the other side of the Hall, (and I do not mention
it in the way of reproach to him,) m t\ debate be-
tween him and myself some time ago, lemarks
which occupied but a brief period were very con-
siderably extended when reported for the Globe.
Several pages were written out by himself in his
own hnndwntinir. 1 diet not complain of it. He
had a right to extend his remaiks in the Globe
as he thought fit.
Mr. VOOIIHEES. What gentleman from In-
diana does the member allude to?
Mr. JULIAN. To the member from the fourth
district of Indiana, [Mr. Holman.] Gentlemen
know this to be the ordinary practice of the House.
And the gentleman from Kentucky, in assailing
me as he has done this morning, and in charging
me with forgery, simply shows that the remarks
which I made in regard to amalgamation were
offensive to him,andhad an offensive application.
At least I can see no other explanation of the feel-
ing he exhibits.
As to my interpolating the word "laughter"
in the report, I certainly did no such thing. I
have no recollection of doing otherwise than fol-
lowing literally the manuscript of the reporter,
and I am sure I did so. If such a thing was done
by me, it certainly was not done intentionally.
It would be morally impossible for me to forge
the word " laughter," and put it m parenthesis
for the purpose of securing an advantage in de-
bate. I, do not believe even the gentleman from
Kentucky would do that, and I know that I am
not mean enough to have done it. All I desired
was simply to give the substance of my remarks,
wishing to stand by that without any clap-trap
in the matter.
Having answered the member from Kentucky
I do not know that I have anything further to bay,
except that I am responsible for what w&s con-
tained in the Globe report, and I have not been
at all frightened by anything the gentleman has
said in relation to the matter.
Mr. MALLORY. I ask unanimous consent
to make a .statement m reply.
There was no objection.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. Speaker, I understand,
I suppose, what the member means by his per-
sonal responsibility. I suppose every gentleman
here understands the member's pei&unal respons-
ibility. I made a charge this morning which the
member has undei taken to meet by claiming as
a right that a member of this House can take the
notes of his remarks from the reporters of the
Globe and change and modify them as he chooses.
I understand that in some order or rule adopted
by this House, or perhaps in some law referring
to the publication of our debates in theGlobe, the
privilege is directly conceded to every member
of the House to change the phraseology of his
speech so that he does not change the substance
of it. *
I have to some slight extent exercised it my-
self, but very rarely; b'ut never have I, and I will
say that never has any gentleman who has a proper
sense of the responsibility under which he rests
heie, undertaken to change a colloquy which
occurred between himself and another gentle-
man upon the floor of this House without the
consent and concurrence of that gentleman. I
make that statement without fear of contradiction.
No gentleman would undertake to do it. No gen-
tleman would think of doing it. And I now make
the assertion, and if any gentleman in the House
doubts its truth, I call on those gentlemen around
me who heard me to corroborate my statement
that that portion of the extract which makes a
personal allusion to " the gentleman from Ken-
tucky" was never uttered on this floor. It was
never uttered on this floor, and its insertion in
the Globe by that member is a forgery.
My complaint is that the Globe states what he
did not say, but what he wrote out afterwards.
When he read from the Globe to show what he
said, he read from a forged document. And he
read from that to show the House what lie said.
Where is the original? Where are the notes of
the reporter? They went, the reporter says, into
the hands of the member from Indiana. They
cannot be found. There was replaced in their
hands, instead of their notes as taken down, the
manuscript of the member from Indiana, and the
manuscript report of the reporter, the only docu-
mental y evidence there is in the case, cannot be
found anywhere. It was delivered to him, but
it was rot delivered up by him. Where is it? It
will slmv what you did say, as well as what you
did not M\y. Where, I repeat,are the reporter's
notes? They have not got theTn;they are not on
file in the Globe office. There are sheets here
in your ha.ndv.tmng, paged and numbered and
maiked, one after another, substituted for the
importer's notes, and there is no possible way of
proving what the member says by referring to
that lecord, which, m the law or resolution es-
tablishing the Globe as the report of the debates,
were intended as the proof for all time of what
transpired in this House. 1 cannot appeal to that
proof; I cannot produce it; but ( can appeal to
the memory of gentlemen around me who heard
the member to coi i oboiate my statement that this
rematk which is published in the Globe fiomthe
manuscript of the member from Indiana, put in
by himself, " pet haps the blood of the gentleman
fiom Kentucky" and what follows, is a forgery.
Mr. JULIAN, i uttered that language sub-
stantially, if not literally.
Mr. MALLORY. You never uttered any such
language.
Mr. JULIAN. It is false. [Criesof"Order!"]
Mr. WADSYVORTH, (as understood by the
reporter.) It is a lie, and the member knows it
to be a lie. [Cries of " Oiderl" andconfusion.]
Mr. MALLORY. It was false then and is false
now. [Shouts of "Order!"]
The SPEAKER. Both the gentlemen from
Kentucky and the gentleman from Indiana are
out of order.
Mr. COX. I call the member from Indianato
order, and ask that his words maybe taken down.
The SPEAKER. The words will be taken
down.
The Clerk read the words " It is false."
Mr. GARFIELD. I rise to a question of or-
der. Both gentlemen from Kentucky as well as
the gentleman fi om Indiana are out of order, and I
ask that their words may also be taken down.
Mr. MILLER, of Pennsylvania. That point
of order comes too late.
Mr. NORTON. Not at ail. I called the gen-
tlemen from Kentucky to order at the time, and
said that their language was not proper to be used.
The SPEAKER. The language of both gen-
tlemen from Kentucky will be taken down.
The Clerk read, as follows:
'•'Mr. Wadswortii. It is a lie, and the member knows
it to be a lie.
'•I\h. Mallory. It was tal^e then and is false now."
Mr. MALLORY. The Speaker stated that the
gentleman from Kentucky had the floor, and I
had commenced my remarks before the gentle-
man fiom Illinois [Mr. Norton] made his point
of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
states that he called the gentleman from Kentucky
to order in time. The confusion does not prevent
the gentleman from the exercise of his right to
have the rules of the House enforced. lie states
on his veracity that he called the gentleman-to
order in time.
Mr. NOBLE. I submit that in order to be rec-
ognized the gentleman from Illinois should have
persevered so as to have obtained the car of the
Chair, and that not having done so until the gen-
tleman from Kentucky had again by leave of the
Chair commenced his remarks, it is entirely too
late.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The Chair finds nothing in the
rules which compels a member to persist in re-
peated calls to order. The language of the rule
is that when the Speaker or a member calls a
member to order he must take his seat. The gen-
tleman from Illinois states that he called the gen-
tleman from Kentucky to order while he was still
speaking. The Chair has always ruled that when
a member stated on his veracity that he made the
point of order in time he would receive it.
Mr. NOBLE. Let me inquire whether the
Chair decides that the gentleman from Illinois is
properly recognized in his seat as calling the gen-
tleman from Kentucky to order?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will have the rule
read, which will answer the question.
Mr. PRUYN. I have a point to suggest that
will make all further proceedings in the matter
unnecessary.
Mr. NORTON. I want first to make a state-
ment in regard to the fact involved. While the
gentleman from Kentucky was speaking, and as
soon as I heard him say that the gentleman from
Indiana had lied, I called himto order. I regarded
those words as improper to be used -by any gen-
tleman upon this floor. I myself immediately
called the gentleman from Kentucky to order. I
asked that the words be taken down. I do not
see why I should have repeatedly called the gentle-
man from Kentucky to orueras suggested by the
gentleman fiom Ohio.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has settled that
point. The gentleman from Illinois has complied
with the rules. The Chair will now hear the
point of the gentleman from New York.
Mr. PRUYN. I wish 10 state in regard to this
matter that I heard the call to order. The gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Cox] and the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Norton] both called. Ithink
that the call of the gentleman from Illinois was
subsequent to that of the gentleman from Ohio.
I suppose, after the Chair had the point of the
gentleman from Ohio under consideration, that
the gentleman fiom Illinois had no right to make
his point.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the lan-
guage as taken down by the reporter. If the
point of order made by the gentleman from Illi-
nois was made after the one of the gentleman
from Ohio, it would have to be reserved for ac-
tion on it by the House till the prior one was
decided.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" Mr. Wadsworth. The member states wliat is a lie,
and be knows it to be a lie.
" iMr. M u.lory. It was false then and it isfalse now."
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will now read
the rule.
The Gierk read, as follows:
"61. If any member, in speaking or otherwise, trans-
gress the rules of the House, the Speaker shall, ot any
membei may, call to ouicr; in which case the member so
culled to ouicr shall immediately &it down, unless permit-
ted to explain ; and the Houi-e shall, if appealed to, decide
on the ca?e, but without debate: jf there be no appeal, the
decision of (lie Chair shall be submitted to. If the deci-
sion he in tavor ol the member called to order, he s-hall be
at Ubertv U) pioeced; ifothenvise, lie shall not he permit-
ted to ptncccd, in case any member object, without leave
of (he Ilou-e; and if tfie case require it. he shall be liable
to the cenf-ure of the House."
Mr. COX. What was the language of the gen-
tleman from Indiana?
The CLERK. " It is false."
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
remarks of the three gentlemen are out of order.
Mr. COX. I move that the gentleman from
Kentucky be permitted to proceed in order.
The House was divided*, and there were—ayes
71, noes ,'}L
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. Speaker, I only want
my right to speak vindicated. I do not know
that I have anything more to say. it is a great
thing to know that one has rights here which he
can exercise if he chooses. In order to show the
