340
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
pursue a particular course be has a right to pur-
sue a different course. I do not quarrel with him;
it is a matter with himself alone.
A Member. He has no such right.
Mr. MALLORY. I mean to say he has a po-
litical right as a member of Congress, and there
is no authority to restrain him. We are not talk-
ing about a moral right in this House. I am talk-
ing about his power under the rules of the House
and the Constitution and laws of the United States
after he has pledged himself to his constituents to
pursue a particular line of policy to come here
and pursue exactly the reverse. I do not quar-
„ rel with him; he can settle that with his constit-
uents*, but I am determined to make here to-day
the distrnot avowal that Kentucky at the time he
was elected repudiated the proclamation of eman-
cipation and the policy of emancipation, and that
she repudiates it now.
Mr. SMITH. My colleague who has just taken
his seat, feeling, for some cause or other, his in-
ability to answer the position I took, had to cull
to his aid two other of his colleagues from Ken-
tucky who sympathized with him.
Mr. MALLORY. That is a mistake. I called
on my colleague [Mr. Wadswortii] to read the
Kentucky platform and the gentlemanspeech.
The gentleman himself is the colleague I called to
my aid.
Mr SMITH. At any rate, I have had (hem
all three at a time on my shoulders dunngthis little
debate. Butallow me to ask my colleagues here
who did not vote with me in the election of Speak-
er, since they quote my language when I said that
I would vote for a war Democrat for Speaker, if
the Union party of the Suite of Kentucky, known
as the war Democratic party, did not understand
4 from all of their representatives who have been
elected here that they would vote when they got
here for a war Democrat for Speaker? That was
understood. Now, my colleague [Mr. Mallouy]
never was a Demociat—never, but an old-line
Whig.
Mr. MALLORY. He was elected as a Union
Democrat
Mr. SMITH. I am speaking of what he was
up to the time of this last election. He was al-
ways a Whi«jf.
Mr. MALLORY. Will my colleague tell me
where, when, and how the Union Democracy of
Kentucky over imposed upon them cprosentn fives
in Congicss the duty of voting for a war Demo-
crat for Speaker ?
Mr. SMITH. 1 thought the gentleman had
stud so, and he quoted my speech as evidence of
that fact. If it is not true, 1 am exempt from the
charge made against me by my colleagues*.
Mr. MALLORY. 1 quoted your speech for
another purpose. I quoted your speech to show
that you disapproved and denounced the emanci-
pation proclamation, and the read ins; of i he speech
showed i hat you did pledge youi self in that speech
to vole for a war Democrat for Speaker, 1 have
not said one word about it; I had forgotten it,
oveilooked it. The gentleman has lugged it in
himSell now, oi )t t anu- in iiust in his own spi eoh.
f never heard of any pledge ^iven in Kentucky to
vote for a war Democrat for Splicer before this
gentleman made it in that speech.
Mr. SMITH. J admit that I made a pledge to
vote for a war Demociat for Speaker, but when I
came to the capital, a stranger as I was, unknown,
as I was, to almost every man in this House, I
looked at ound {o see where then; was a war Dem-
ocrat that 1 could vote for. When I came to ex-
amine the operations of the < aucus that met heie
winch was con.sidcted a Democratic caucus, I
found that the gentleman who rece) ved the largest
number of votes m this House for Speaker was
a man whom I opposed in Ohio in the election
thorn, and spoke against—I mean Mr. Cox.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentle man is out of
Older in calling any member by name.
Mr. SMITH. I beg pardon. I should have I
said Mr. Vailandigham. [Laughter.] He elec-
tioneered in the State of Ohio for Mr. Vailandig-
ham, \v ho was an anti-wui man, who was air.unst
voting nit n or money to putdown this rebellion.
/ saw that he was presented by a majority of the
Democratic party here so far as I could hear, and
my constituents bad directed me not to vote for
such a man. I found that there were other men
suggested and nominated in this House by that
same Democratic party who were, m my judg-
ment, identified with him. I found also that mem-
bers from New York who are opposed to voting
men or money for the suppression of this rebel-
lion were in that caucus, and therefore, as a Dem-
ocrat, I could find no war Democrat to vote for,
according to the old acceptation of the term.
[Laughter, and cries of "Good!"]
Mr. MALLORY. My colleague will allow me
to ask.him whether he did not go into the Repub-
lican caucus that nominated the Speaker when he
got here ?
Mr. SMITH. I say to my colleague distinctly
thatl'never saw in the papers in the city of Wash-
ington or anywhere else that a Republican caucus
was to be called.
Mr. MALLORY. Did not the gentleman go
into it?
Mr. SMITH. No, sir; I went into a Union,
an unconditional Union caucus. [Shouts of
"Good !" "Good !" from the Republican side.]
Mr. MALLORY. Did the gentleman go into
the caucus which nominated the present distin-
guished Speaker of this House?
Mr. SMITH. Yes, sir, 1 did.
Mr. MALLORY. I will ask the gentleman
another question, and then I am done. Did he
ever go into the other caucus to find out whether
there were war Democrats there or not?
Mr. SMITH. No, sir; because I smelt the
atmosphere and discovered its character before I
got in. [Laughter, and cries of " Good !"]
I find to-dav in the distinguished gentleman who
occupies the Speaker's chair a Democrat accord-
ing to the true and patriotic acceptation of that
word,and ho is a man that I am proud to stand by
because he is for the Government and the Con-
stitution and the Union—a man who has never
stood up for a man or a party opposed to this war
or to this Government. Upon that issue I am
willing to go before my constituents, and upon
that issue I am willing to stand or full.
Mr. MALLORY. I desue to ask the gentle-
man one mm e question. I ask him if he did not,
m advance of his arrival in the city of Washing-
ton, and at the time he stood upon his pledge to
vote fora war Demociat for Speaker, write a letter
to some gentleman here—1 do not know whom—
some gentleman of the Republican party, or of
this great Union paity, as he calls it, or to some
gentlemen of that clique, or party, or whatever he
may choose to call it, in which he pledged him-
self to vote for Schuyler Colfax, or some other
Republican, for Speaker?
Mr. SMITH. 1 answer the question by say-
ing that if i wrote such a letter to anybody at
any time I do not recollect it. I do not recollect
at this time, ever having written such a letter.
Mr MALLORY. Ah! Mr. Reporter, write
down for him as his answer, non mi ricordo.
Mr. SMITH. I will now ask my colleague a
question: whether the people of Kentucky have
not, by their votes and by their action, repudi-
ated t he Vailandigham, anti-war, anti-money, and
anti-men party of the North?
Mi. MALLORY. The people of Kentucky, |
as I said, have pledged themselves to sustain the ,
war by furnishing men ami money. i
Mr SMITH. 1 want a direct answer from j
niv colleague. j
Mr. MALLORY. I mean to say that if the '
Vailandigham putty, or any other parly in the '
Not th, opposed the furnishing of men or money, j
the Union Democracy of Kentucky was against !
that parly. |
Mi. SMITH. Then I ask my colleague this ■
fuither qm-stion: what right he had to be in a
cuucu.-s with men who supported that party in the
recent election ?
Mr M \LLORY. I was never in that caucus.
1 did not go into that Democratic caucus. I have
no obliviousness about the matter, no non-recol-
lecting anything about it. I did not go.
Mi. SMITH, Then I will ask my colleague
another question—what hid name isdoingon that
national committee?
Mi. MALLORY. Mr. Chairman, I am now
a^t'ogwith the noiihem Demociary, as I was
pledged to do by the platform of the Union De-
mocracy of Kentucky? which has been lead here
to-dav by my colleague, [Air. Waosworth,] and
to which he is pledged, too.
Mr. SMITH. Air. Chairman, my colleague
has been in Congiess four or six years, and un-
derstands how to give evasive answers better than
I do. So far as I am concerned, this matter is
closed. The people of Kentucky, my colleagues
remonstrance to the contrary notwithstanding,
are to-day, as they were in the beginning of the
-war, in favor of crushing the rebellion by every
means, whatever it may be. I speak now of the
Union party of Kentucky, for we have a Demo-
cratic party there which would not be trusted by
Union men further than one could throw a bull
by the tail. [Laughter.] I opposed that Demo-
cratic party. It was the distinct understanding of
the Union men of Kentucky, and is to-day, that
whatever stands in the way of the Army of the
Republic must be removed, and that the Govern-
ment must triumph.
Mr. WADS WORTH. Mr. Chairman, my col-
league [Mr. Smith] has made the remeu k that he
had on this occasion two or three of his colleagues
on his shoulders. I understand thatremark toem-
braccmc as one of the three on his shoulders. I
mustdeny the soft impeachment. 1 was not pres-
ent when my colleague [Mr. Smith] got up here
to unsay all he had said in Kentucky, and to take
back ail the pledges he had given to support the
platform of the Union Democratic party of our
State. Had I been present when he rose to make
his avowals—I came in too late to understand their
drift—I should have felt, I trust, that just indig-
nation at his betiayai of the Union paity of Ken-
tucky as not to have waited for my colleague,
[Mr. Mallory,] burdened with the weight of
illness, to respond and to defend the State from
the position assigned to her. Let the gentleman
[Mr. Smith] speak for his own constituents. Let
him speak for those who practiced a great fiaud
upon the Union Democratic party of Kentucky
in his nomination; but let him not speak for the
people of Kentucky.
I do not propose to examine the value of his
present opinions. All that I now complain of is
that he was not understood when the convention
nominated him, and when the pai ty voted for him.
Ho should have declared then what he has avowed
to-day, in order that the Union party in Ken-
tucky might have put in the field a candidate to
oppose the positions which he now assumes. If
he had, after that, been elected, I should not have
reproached him with any speech he might have
made. But now I do arraign him, here on this
floor, as being unfaithful to the pledges which he
made to his party, and as one who has betrayed
the pledges that he gave to the electors of Iiarri-
son county, the promises that he would oppose
the radical measures of the national Administra-
tion, and particularly its unconstitutional eman-
cipation policy. 1 find htm heie now indorsing
that policy; I find him indorsing the radical meas-
ures of the Administration, and going even a bow-
shot beyond anything the Administration has yet
attempted. 1 find him here, sir, instead of redeem-
ing that pledge that he would vote for a war Dem-
ocrat in the election of a Speaker, voting fur an
avowed suppoi ter of the radical policy of the Ad-
ministration, and a member of the Republican
party. I find him voting with those men on many
radical propositions which the Legislature of Ken-
tucky and the State convention had denounced as
unconstitutional. I find him here, sir 
Mr. GR INN ELL. I call the gentleman to
order for calling the Speaker a revolutionist.
Mi. WADS WORTH. I take it back. I did
not mean it m any offensive sense. But if this is
not a revolution i do not know what is. [Laugh-
ter.] No one has more lcspect for the Speaker
personally than myself.
But let me return to the point that I make
against my colleague. The doctrines that he now
avows may be right or wrong; I do not discuss
that; but he did not give the people of Kentucky
or the Union Democracy in his district an oppor-
tunity to-send a man here of different principles.
They thought that my colleague stood with us
upon the platform of the Union Democratic con-
vention which had been held at Louisville. He
was nominated by us and he was our candidate.
Our adherents sustained him against Mr. Men-
zioH, my colleague of the last Congress. He was
sustained simply because he was the nominee of
the Union Democratic paity. Had Mr. Mcnzies
received the nomination he would have been sus-
tained in the same way. But my colleague was
not elected because the people had a preference
for him personally. Had John W. Menzies
been ths candidate of the Union Democratic party,
