3338
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 28,
fenses of t^nsporting passengers at four cents,
t seems to me, when we induce men to embark
in a little enterprise of this kind, to reduce their
fare from five to four cents, it is a class of legisla-
tion that I cannot characterize. I did not kjiow
anything about it at the time the conference re-
port was made, and I believe I voted for it.
Mr. GrRIMES. Our pastlegislation may have
been all improper, butl think there is an impro-
priety in putting this amendment on this bill.
Mr. SHERMAN, I wish to say also that the
president stated that besides this twenty per cent,
reduction on the gross-receipts, they carried three
thousand persons over branch roads without re-
ceiving anything for them, and they give to all
the puulic employes passes. That is equivalent
to about ten per cent. It seems to me that to
legislate in this manner against a little railroad
created by Congress is acting unfairly; and if we
now have an opportunity to do them justice by
allowing them to charge two cents for a transfer
ticket, 1 think we ought to do it.
Mr. GRIMES. If the Senator is going to in-
sist on his amendment 1 will tell him what Mr.
Gideon told me.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Do not go into the merits
of it.
Mr. GRIMES. As Mr. Gideon has been heard
on one side, we may as well have him on the other.
Mr. Gideon confessed to me, and he confessed
what was tantamount to that before the whole
committee, that upon the amount of cash paid in
of this stock, tho company had divided thirty per
cent.
Mr. SUMNER." I think we had better pro-
ceed with the order of the day. There is evi-
dently a. difference on this subject. It was said
there would be no discussion upon it.
Mr. GRIMES. I did not suppose there would
be.
Mr, SUMNER. If we can have a vote I have
no objection.
Mr. GRIMES. I hope we shall have a vote
on (he amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
was read the third time,and passed; and,on mo-
tion of Mr. Morriu, its title was amended by
adding the words 44 and for other purposes.M
KISCKSS.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope wc shall now resume
the consideration of the order of the day.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill (U.
R. No. 51) to establish a Bureau of Freed men's
Affairs is befori1 the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate nt
five o'clock take a recess until seven o'clock in
the evening. [uOh,no.M]
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Itnequirea the
unanimous consent of the Senate to submit the
motion.
Mr. POWELL and others objected.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope not.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I hope we shall.
The motion was not agreed to; there being,on
a division—ayes ten, noes not counted.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope we shall now 50 on
and finish the bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
take a recess until seven o'clock. I hope there
will be no objection to tiiat, and then we shall be
able to get through with this bill.
Mr, CONN ESS. I object. I hope we shall
go on and sit now, if we are going to sit at all.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then I move to post-
pone all prior orders with the view to make the
motion that the Senate take a recess until seven
o'clock.
Mr. FOOT. I presume there will be no ob-
jection to the consideration of the motion for a
recess without postponing prior orders.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
hears no objection to the consideration of the
motion, and the question now is on the motion
that the Senate take a recess until seven o'clock.
Mr. SPRAGUE railed for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted
—yeas 19, nays 12; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Brown, Chirk, Doolittle, Fesfeenden,
Foot, Foster, Harlan, Ilendiicks, Lane of Indiana, Mc-
Dougall, Morgan, Riddle, Sherman, Sumner, Ten Eyck,
Trmnhnll, Wade, WiHey,and Wilson—19.
NAYri—Messrs. Anthony, But kalew. Conner, Davis,
Gtuir's, Howe, MotriN, Powell, Ramsey, Saulsburv,
Sprague, and Van Winkle—12.
AFJSENT—Messrs. Carlile, Chandler, Collamer, Co wan,
Dixon, Halo, Hardin?, Harris, Ilendetson, Ilicks, Howard,
Johnson, Lai\e ot Kansas, Nesnnth, Porneroy,Richardson,
Wilkinson, and Wright—18.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate
accordingly-took a recess until seven o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at seven o'clock p. m.
CLAIMS FOR COUNTY LANDS.
Mr. HARLAN. There are two or three small
bills that I have charge of, as chairman of tho
Committee on Public Lands, that will not occupy,
I think, to exceed two or three minutes each, and
I will ask the indulgence of the Senate to take
them up and pass them. The first one is a bill
(S. No. 228) pioviding for satisfying iJaims for
bounty lands, and for other purposes.
There being no objection, tho Senate, as m
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill. It provides that the act to provide for
satisfying claims for bounty lands for military
services in the late war with Great Britain, and
for other purposes, approved July 27, 1845, and
the two acts approved January 27, 1835, therein
and thereby revived, and also the two nets to the
same intent and purpose, respectively approved
June 26, 1848, and February 8, 1854, shall he te-
newed and continued in force and effect, without
restriction or limitation as to the time of location
of the warrants issued in vii tue of those acts.
The second section provides that all warrants
for bounty lands heretofore issued in virtue of any
of the several acts named, may be located at any
time subsequent to the passage of this act, in con-
formity with the general laws in force at the time
of such location; and all entnes and locations
heretofore made with such warrants are to be aa
valid nnd effectual as if those several acts had not
j expired nt the time of such entry and location,
, any law to theeontiary notwithstanding.
i The bill was reported to the Senate without
| amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
! reading, read the third time, and passed.
! LAS ORMIGAS AND LA NANA GRANTS,
j Mr. HARLAN. I now ask the Senate to pro-
j ceed to the consideration of House bill No. ^05.
I There being no objection, the Senate, as in
i Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
! the bill (LI. R. No. 2Uf>) authorizing the issue of
j patents for locations made with ceitificutes granted
under authority of the act of Congress approved
March 17, lfe>G~, allowing floats in satisfaction of
lands sold by the United States within the iimits
of the Las Oinngas and La Nana grants, in Lou-
isiana. It provides in the case of ail locations
made with eeitifieatus issued under the act of
Congress approved March 17, 1862, authorizing
floats to issue in satisfaction of claims against
the United States for lands sold by them within
the Las Ormigas and La Nana grants, in the
State of Louisiana, it shall be lawful for the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office to cause
patents to issue for such locations, where the same
may be found bona fide and satisfactory to him.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to offer a resolution with the view
to have it referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Mr. HARLAN. This bill wilioccupy but one
or two minutes.
Mr. DAVIS. This resolution will not occupy
more than two minutes. I shall object to the
bill unless 1 get consent to offer my resolution
now. * I merely wish to have it read and referred.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If no amend-
ment be offered, the bill will be reported to the
Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. I object to its being reported to
the Senate.
The PRESIDENT^ro tempore. One objection
does not carry it over. It has been taken up by
unanimous consent.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 ask for a division upon the
question whether it shall be reported to the Sen-
ate.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I hope the Senator from
Kentucky will not persist in stopping the action
of the Senate. We can pass several bills now to
which no objection can be made.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 am not disposed to be captious.
1 make a reasonable request, and if the Senators
present will signify their disposition to grant me
my request I shall make no objection to this or any
oilier bill; but unless I am to receive that degree
of courtesy and justice which every other Sena-
tor in this body can obtain I will impede ihe prog-
ress of business as much as I can.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill will
be reported to the Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. I object to that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore* One objection
does not prevent the action of the Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. There is no quorum of the Sen-
a e ptesenf.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That fact has
not been ascertained
Mr. HENDRICKS. I appeal to the Senator
from Kentucky to allow this particular bill to pass.
It is of no general interest,and has been reported
from the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 will withdraw the objection for
the present; but as soon as this bill is disposed of
I shall persist in offering my resolution.
Mr, HENDRICKS. That is what I wasgoing
to-suggest to the Senator.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
WILLIAM YOCUM.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 now ask the permission of the
Senate to introducearesohuion in relation to Wil-
liam Yocum, with aviewto have it referred tothe
Committee on the Judiciary, and not to say a word
about it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Kentucky desires the unanimous consent of
the Senate to present a resolution at the present
time. Is theie any objection ?
Mr. GRIMES. Let the resolution be read at
length, so that we may know what it is.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Wheieatf William Yocum, acitizen of the United States
and a resident or Cairo, in the State of Illinois, was <>n the
 day of eonviettd by a milnaiy commission of tho
{"niii'd States nf tho offence of kidnapping and abstracting
an employe of the United States fiom the military service
theieoi ; ami whereas Lncien Audeison. Brutus J. Clay,
William II. Randall, S. L. Casey, and Gi'ien Claj Smith
aiterwaid-> presented their wnttert petition to Ahiahajn
Lincoln, President of the United States, askim? him to par-
don said William Yoenin for said offense and his convic-
tion of it and hi* sentence "to he confined at hard labor
foi Hie term ot five years in the penitentiaiy at Albany,
New York, or in such other place as the Secretary ot War
may dircct;15 and whereas the said Abraham Lincoln
thereupon pardoned the <?aid William Yocum and wrote
the paidoti on the back ol the said petition in tiiese words:
'* William yocum, within named, i  hereby pardoned.
kt A. LINCOLN."
Tiierefote,
Be it resolved. That the indorsement aforesaid by the
President of the United Stat''* on the petition aforesaid, is
a paidon ot the said William Yocum from the conviction
and sentence afoiesaid, winch entitles him to he discharged
from ttntl v;f impusonmcnt thereunder.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution.
Mr. DAVIS I move that it be referred tothe
Committee on tho Judiciary.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator does not
expect any action upon it at this session.
Mr. DAVIS. Not at all.
The motion was agreed to.
PRINTING OF INTERNAL REVENUE BILL.
Mr. ANTHONY submitted the following res-
olution; which was referred to the Committee on
Printing: ,
Resolved, That four thousand copies of the internal lev-
cnue .let la-t pav,ed by Congress, with an index, to be pre-
pared under the direction ot the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, be printed lor the u-e of the Senate.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. WILSON presented a petition of persons
employed as laundresses at the general hospitals
of the United States in the city of Baltimore,
praying for an increase of compensation; which
was referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
He also presented a petition of B. B. French
and Delphme P. Baker, in behalf of the National
Literary Association, praying for an appropria-
tion to aid in the support of a National Home for
totally disabled soldiers and sailors; which was
refeired to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia.
