1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1387
fear that they might not be acting in entire ac-
cordance with law, and that they have not the
sanction of law. Accotding to the request of the
city, after consultation with the Commissioner of
Public Lands and the chairman and one or two
other members of the Committee on Public Lands,
whom I was able to see, 1 have prepared and now
offer this resolution. 1 can discover no possible
objection to it. JNor have either of the public of-
ficers to whom 1 have referred found any objec-
tion to it. I ask, therefore, that the resolution
may be noted upon now.
Mr. HARRINGTON. 1 desire to inquire of
the gentleman by whom the soil is owned in which
this coal is supposed to exist. I did not under-
stand tin3 irmilh-muu.
Mr. KASSON. The coal underlies the mean-
dcrmgs of the river, and theiefore the land is re-
tained by the United States, private property not
extending into the river.
Air. HARRINGTON. The resolution, then,
only applies to mines which underlie the body
of the t iver?
Mr. KASSON. That is all.
No objection being made, the resolution was
introduced, oulered to be engrossed and read a
third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the thiid tune, and passed.
REPORT OF COMMITTEE.
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio, by unanimous consent,
made a report from the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia m inference to a soldier found
drowned in the canal; the subject having been
referred to thar committee.
Tin.- SPEAKER. Dors the gentleman desire
to have the report aet< d on now?
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio. There is no necessity j
foraction. Perhaps the report had better be read. ]
Mr. ] lOLM A N. It is quit" lengthy, and I i
move th.it it belaid on the table and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
At a subsequent period of the session, Mr.
MORPdS, of Ohio, by unanimous consent, with-
drew the lesolution.
1'RINTING OF LAWS.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts, from the
Committee on Printing, repotted the following
resolution, on which he demanded the previous
question.
Resolved, That the Superintendent of Public Punting
slicill c.iu--e to be printed one thousand copies of all law-
ami joint resolutions immediately upon their pa<sa<?(\ tor
the use of tiie menibeis of the IJuu^e, and MiaII m addition
thereto cause to be punted and bound.tr the eridnl the ses-
sion five thousand copies thereof lor the above u-e.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the lesolution was agreed to.
Air. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsidet the vote by which the resolution was |
adopted; and also moved to lay the motion to re-
consider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PAY OF 1MUYATE S0LDIK11S.
Mr. HOLMAN. Wi.h a view to obtaining !j
some time when the subject refuted to may be ij
considered, I aslc leave of the House to offer the
following resolution: !
Resolved, That the Committee on .Milium- Affair* he di !
looted to repoif to tin. flou^e the bill lot themcrea-e of the
pay ol the private <old,ci^ oi the Ainu . and that the -ame 1
he made the -pecul oidet for to-mouow, and hom thence I
until di^po^ed of. !
The SPEAIiER. That will requite unanimous !;
consent, and the Chair will state to thegentleman j;
that the chairman of the Committee on Mihtaty 1,
Affairs [Mr. Sciiexck] is not now in the Ilail.
Air. KELLOGG, of Michigan, i believe that }
the chairman of the Committee on Military Af- ,
fairs will be absent necessarily to-moirow. He I
may return on Mondiy; but perhaps nor in soa- |
son to piesent the bill. I, for one, am anxious
to have H acted on as speedily as possible. p
Air. HOLMAN. Then t shall ask permission >j
to submit this resolution on Tuesday next. :j
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan, i wish to say, j
if I may be allowed, that the Miiilciry Committee 'j
are anxious to report this bill, end have be{ n for i
gome time, and that there will be no unnecessary
delay. * ■
[NTIOR-STATE COMMERCE.
Mr. WILSON. I ask the unanimous consent of 'j
the House to introduce a bill to regulate com- li
merce among the several States, for the purpose
of reference only.
Mr. HOLMA'N. I ask that the bill be reported.
The bill was read. It provides that each and
every railroad company in the United States be
authorized to transport freight and passengers
passing from one State to another, anything in
the laws of any State to the contrary notwith-
standing.
Air. PENDLETON. I object.
LANDS IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. IIIGBY. 1 ask the unanimous consentof
the House to reportfrom the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands a bill for the relief of the settlers upon
certain lands in California. It is a local bill, and
I desire action on it now.
Air. ELIOT. I shall have to object to it if it
will give rise to debate.
Air. IIIGBY. I do not think it will give rise
to any debate.
Air. ALLEY. I call for the regular order of
business.
Air. lifGBY. I hope thegentleman willallow
this hill to pass. It is reported unanimously by
the. Committee on PublicLands, and is purely of
a local chniacter.
Mr. ALLEY. I will make no objection to the
reporting of the bill on condition that it gives
rise to no debate.
The bill was then repot ted from the Committee
on Public Lands by Air. Higby, received its first
and second readings, wasordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HIGBY moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WAR EXPENSES OF STATES.
Mr. BLAINE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to provide for lefundmg to the loyal
States certain sums of money expended by them
in raising and organizing tioops for the Union
armies; which was lead a liist and second time
by its title, and lefened to the Committee on Mil-
itary Aflaiis.
Mr. ELIOT. I now call for the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER.. The regular order of busi-
ness is the reporting of bills of a public character
from the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. ELIOT obtained the floor.
RECIPROCITY TREATY.
Mr. WARD. I ark my colleague on the Com-
mittee on Commerce to yield to me for a moment.
Mr. ELIOT. I yield to 'he gentleman.
Mr. WARD. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Commerce to repoit back a joint reso-
lution of the House (No. 3) to authonze the ap-
pointment of eommisMonets to negotiate a new
treaty with Gi^at Britain foi the British provinces
of North America, based upon true principles of
reciprocity, with an amendment in the uatute of
a substitute, and also to present a i eport in writing.
I nun <; that they be printed, and that the joint iea-
olution be postponed for four weeks fiom yes-
tei d^y.
The motion was agreed to.
The following is the substitute reported by Mr.
Ward :
Joint roolutien authorizing the Provident toaivethe requi-
site notice tor teiirnnatfnt? the tieatvmade with Groat
j.utain on behalf ot the fhitiMi piovmcesin North Amer-
ica, olid to appoint cornniifMOncrs to negotiate a new
treaty witii the llnti.Mi Government, based upon the true
principles of reciprocity.
Whereas under the tieaty made by the United .State?
with Great Dutam, proclamation of which wa--made the
L'usident of the I'mttd States on the 11th of September,
1S.V1, lor the pm po-M' of expending iC'ipiocal mule between
the ihui-h Km tli American colonel and the United state-,
icmi I;, all the at tide- which Canad i ha.- to -.ell are admit
ted into the L'mted States lice of duty, while heavy dut'es
<ne now itnpo.-ed upon many of those, aiticles which the
people ol tiie United State*, have to sell, with the intention
</fexcindni?t!iem Ooiu the Canadian market-*: and w heicas
the Tn -nlent of the United State?-, m tiie fust ^e^Mon of
tue ThnP,-Sixth Conme.-s, caused to ho '•ubnntted to tin-
JjmjHs o! Ileptovpnt.ttives an official it port ^fttnuj foiththe
inequality and uiju-tiecexi.-tunr in our pie^nt intercoms;
\\ tn Canada, subversive of the ttue intent of the treaty,
owimrfo the mi l eqti"nt halation of Canada; and whcieas
m- tin filth uitielc ot ih"tieaty provision \va> made that it
fhouirl n mam in foiec lor ten y< uom the date at which
it should go into ope: iUon,and fmthei until the expnauon
of twelve months after eithet of tho high contidcunti p tr-
ties should give notice to the other of its wish to terminate
the fame, each of the hijrh contracting parties being at lib-
erty to give such notice to the other at the end of said term
often years, or at anj time afterward.* j and whereas by a
further pioclaniation issued by the President of the United
State*,beating date the 16th day of March, 1853, it wasde-
claied that the said treaty should t:o into effect and be ob-
served on the part of the United States; ami whereas it is
desirable that hiemlly relations should be continued be-
tween the United States and the BiiUsb North American
piovnices, and that commercial intercourse should be here-
after carried on between them upon principles reciprocally
beneficial and satisfactory to both paities: Therefore,
Be %t resolved by the Senate arul House of Representatives
of the United States of Ameiicavi Congress assembled, That
the Pre-identof the United States be, and he is hereby,
autlioi izod aiuliequired to give notice to the Government of
the United Kingdom of Great Rritam and Ireland that it is the
wish and intention of the Government of the United States
of America to terminate thu said treaty at the end of twelve
months from the expiration of ten yeaisfiom the time when
the «aid treaty went into operation a* aforesaid;such notice
to be given at the expiration of the said term of ten years,
to the end that the said treaty mav be atuogated as soon as
it can be done under the provision thereof, unless a new
convention shall before that time be concluded between the
two Governments by which the provisions shall be abro-
gated or so modified as to be mutually satisfactory to both
Governments. And that the President of the United States
be, and he is hereby, authorized to appoint three commis-
sioners. by and with the advice and consent of the Senate,
for the revision of ^aid treaty, and to confer with other
commissioners duly authorized therefor, whenever it shall
appear to be the wich of the Government of Great Britain
to negotiate a new treaty between the two Governmenta
and tho people of hoth countries based upon the true prin-
ciples of reciprocity, and for the removal of existing diffi-
culties.
RULES FOR PREVENTING COLLISIONS.
Mr. ELIOT, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported buck a bill (H. R. No. 62) fixing
certain rules and regulations for preventing col-
lisions on the v/aters.
The bill was read m full.
Mr. ELIOT moved to amend the bill by strik-
ing out the 1st day of June, and inserting in lieu
theieof the 1st day of September, so as to make
the bill take effect from and after the latter date.
The amendment was agreed to.
The question being on ordeiing the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time,
Mr. ELIOT. Mr. Speaker the object of this
bill is the establishment of an international code
for regulating the course of vessels on the water
to prevent collisions and to protect property and
life. The impoi tance of such a code lias been
felt a long lime by all parties interested. There
is at this time no statute regulation of the matter
by this Government. Tho attention of the Gov-
ernment was called to this question about a year
ago in a note written from the legation of Great
Britain by Loid Lyons, and submitted to the
Department of State. In Lord Lyons's note he
stated that the attention of his Government had
been called to this subject, and that it had pro-
vided a code of rules, a copy of which he trans-
mitted to the Secretary of State, desiring that the
attention of this Government should be given to
the subject m order that a uniform code of regula-
tions, international, might be as soon as possible
adnpted and put in force; and stating that the
regulations thus submitted were to be in force in
Great Britain after June, 13G3.
The code as it was submitted to the State De-
partment was referred to the INavy Department;
and by the Navy Department it was icferred to
a board which has given to the subject very care-
ful examination. It has also been recommended
by the Treasury Department. Since the brii has
been reported by the Committee on Commerce,
when it was ordered to be recommitted and printed,
copies of the bill have been sent to different parts
of the country, and the attention of persons inter-
ested in these matters was called to its provis-
ions. In order that the House may understand
somewhat the views that were entertained by the
Government of Great Britain on this question,
I will send to the Clerk's desk the letter of Lord
Lyons that it may be lead.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Washington, January 10,1863.
Sin.: I have lecfived the orders of my Government to
addre<!<? to you the following communication:
The gteat inciease which has lately taken place in the
immboi ot ship* employed upon the oc*an. the changes
wiuch aie beiiic made iu the build and character of those
ship-, and more especially tiie introduction and rapid ex-
tension of steatn navigation, have tor some time made it
necessary to alter and amend the itilcs and practice for-
mer!) obseived tor the purpose of preventing collisions at
^Ceitam impiovmnents have consequently been made
fiom time to time, both in the description of lights and sug-
