1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Washington city, District of Columbia, praying
for the passage of the bill (H. R. No. 186) to in-
corporate the Baltimore and Washington Depot
and Potomac Ferry Railway Company; which
was referred to the Committee on the District of
.Columbia.
Mr. GRIMES presented the petition of Emer-
entiana Bowden, Sister Superior in charge of
Saint Matthew's Academy in the city of Wash-
ington, praying for an appropriation forthe pur-
pose of laying the side footwalk on the north
side <ff New York avenue between* Seventeenth
and Eighteenth streets west; which was referred
to the Committee on the District of Columbia.
KICIIAUD G, MURPIIY.
Mr, BUCKALEW. I ask the consent of the
Senate to take up House bill No. 162, which was
reported this morning, and which will take but a
moment.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (H. R. No. 162) for the relief of Nathaniel
McLean, Richard G. Murphy and Chailes E.
Flandreau. The Committee on Indian Affairs
reported the bill with an amendment, to strikeout
all after the enacting clause, in the following
words:
That there he paid, out of any money In the Treasury not
otherwi*e approbated, to Nathaniel McLean the sum of
.$916 00; to lUUiaidG.Mmphy the sum of $1,700 32, and
to Oliniles E. Flandreau the sum of .$189 3*2, for additional
pay for their services as agents for theSloux of Minnesota
duiingthe respective periods when each seived in that
capacity after the treaty of July 23.1851, with said Indians,
until the 3d of Match, 1857, at which Inst date the pay of
that agency was raised by law to $1,500 per annum.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
That there he paid, out of any money in the Treasury not
Otherwise appropriated, to Itichaid G. Murphy, m Minne-
sota, loimerly Indian agent, torseivices and expenses in the
removal of Sioux Indians, in the year 1853, the bum of $CQ0.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in, and or-
dered to be engrossed, and fhe bill to be read a
third time. It was read ihe third time, and passed.
On motion of Mr. BUCKALEW, the title was
amended so as to read; "A bill for the relief of
Richard G. Murphy."
RESERVATION OF MINERAL LANDS.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am directed by the
Committee on Public. Lands, to whom was re-
ferred the joint resolution (H. R.No.99) reserv-
ing mineral lands from the operation of all acts
passed at the present session granting lands or
extending the lime of former grants, to report it
without amendment,and I ask fonts presentcon-
sido ration.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the joint resolution, which provides that no act
passed at the present session of Congress, grant-
ing lands to States or corporations, to aid in the
construction of roads or for other purposes, ot-
to extend the time of grant® heretofore made,
shall be so construed as to embrace mineral lands,
which in all cases are reserved exclusively to the
United States.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I should like this reso-
lution to define exactly what are called mineral
lands, otherwise it will make very great difficulty
in our legislation.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator asks why
the Committee on Public Lands do not define
what is meant by 14 mineral lands" in the sense
in which it is used here. The committee favored
this lesolution as a practical measure. There
have been no grants made this winter in which
the lcservaiion has inadvertently been omitted
cxcept upon a proposition making a grant of land
in the region of Lake Superior, and there there
are no minerals except copper and iron. It was
thought best to except them from all grants made
in that region of country.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to a third reading,,
read the third time, and passed.
JJ. F. KENDALL.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. I desire the. unanimous
"consent of the Senate to call up House bill No.
414, for the relief of the estate of B, F. Kendall,
who was formerly superintendent of Indian af-
fairs in the Territory of Washington. While the
Secretary is looking for it, I can state in a mo-
ment what it is.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The firstqoes-
tion is whether the Senate will proceed to its con-
sideration, and that question will be put when
the Secretary has found the bill.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. TRUMBULL. While the Secretary is
looking for that bill, I ask leave to make some re-
ports from the Committee on the Judiciary. The
Committee on the Judiciary, to whom, were re-
ferred the following bills, have directed me to re-
port them back withoutamendmentand adversely:
A bill (S. No. 13) to amend an act entitled
"An act to define and punish certain conspira-
cies," passed July 31, 1861, as also the twenty-
fourth section of an act entitled "An act for en-
rolling and calling out the national forces, and for
other purposes," passed March 3, 1863;
A bill (S. No. 29) to provide for the revision
and consolidation of the statutes of the United
States;
A bill (S. No. 68) to facilitate proceedings in
admiralty and other judicial proceedings in the
port of New York, and for other purposes; and
A bill (S. No. 72) supplementary to an act en-
titled "An act to prescribe an oath of office, and
for other purposes," approved July 2, 1862.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred a resolution to amend the first joint
rule of the two Houses of Congress; a resolution
relating to the revision of the United States stat-
utes: and two petitions of citizens of New York,
praying for the creation of a new district court of
the United States, to be held at the port of New
York, reported adversely thereon.
He also, from the same committee, to'whom
were referred a bill (S.No. 304) in relation to the
circuit courts of the United States, and a joint
resolution (S. No. 26) proposing certain amend-
ments to the Constitution of the United States,
reported in favor of postponing their further con-
sideration to the first Monday m December next;
which was agreed lo.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred two petitions of citizens of the Uni-
ted States; a petition of the citizens of Pennsyl-
vania; a memorial of the representatives of a muss
convention of Christian people held in Alleghany
city, Pennsylvania, on the 27th and 26th of Jan-*
uary last; a petition of citizens and soldiers of the
United States; and a memorial of a r.ommittee in
behalf of the Synod of the Reformed Presbyterian
Church in the United States, praying for such an
amendment of the Constitution of the United
States as will recognize the obligations of the
Christian religion; also two resolutions of the
Chamber of Commerce of the city of Milwaukee,
Wisconsin, praying for the passage of a general
bankrupt law; also a memorial of the Board of
Trade of Phil, delphia, remonstratingagainst the
passage of a bankrupt law; also a memorial of the
members of the bar of the District of Columbia
praying for an increase of thesalaries of thejudges
of the supreme court of the District of Columbia;
also a memorial of the United States district
judges of the Statesof Illinois, Iowa, Wisconsin,
and New Jersey, prating for an incteaseof their
salaries; also a petition of citizens of Brooklyn,
New Yoik, praying forthe passage of a law de-
claratory of certain terms used in the Constitution
of the United States; also a memorial of the Ger-
man Radical Ciub of Philadelphia, a memorial of
citizens of Boston, Massachusetts, and a petition of
citizens of Boston, Massachusetts, remonstrating
against the plan of reconstruction of theJJnion
proposed m the proclamation of the President of
the United States; and also the petition of Jane
P. Thurston, praying to be indemnified for al-
leged maladministration of the estate of her late
husband, asked to be discharged from their fur-
ther consideration; which was agreed to.
CONTINUATION OV BUSINESS.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 ask leave to offer a resolu-
tion in order to facilitate the public business. It
is a resolution that has been drawn in conformity
with the practice of former sessions;
Resolved, That all subjects, before the Senateatthe close
of the present session, including those before committees,
shall be continued to the next session, and shall then be
pioccedcd with i.*i the same manner as though no adjourn-
ment of the Senate had taken place; and the papers which
have been referred to the committees, and may be in tfietr
possession at the close of the session shnil be retomed in-
formally to the Secretary and by him restored to the com-
mittees when appointed at the next session. t , .
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution, • 5 ^
Mr. McDOUGALL. That resolution antag-
onizes with one that I was about to offer myself *
if i had had an opportunity of addressing
Chair and being permitted to introduce the tesd®
lution. - By way of objection I will read the res*
olution which i hold in my hand, which is some-
what conterminous with the proposition presented
by the chairman *of the Committee on Foreign
Relations:
Resolved, That the answer from the Department of State
to the Senate resolution No. 47. in relation, to Mexican
affairs, he printed for the use of the Senate.
I suppose I am at liberty to say a word upon it;
The PRESIDENT pro tempore* Debate is in
order so long as it is confined to the subject ili
hand.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I mean to confine my-
self to the subject in hand exactly, and oppose the
proposition advanced by the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts. I shall try to bring myself within the
common rules of order.
I take this occasion to say that on the motion
of the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Wade,] a reso-
lution was passed in this Senate asking informa- *
tion from the State Department, as far as could be
obtained, as to our relations with Mexico, the
condition ofMexico, of Central America, and the
South American republics, so far as we were con-
cerned, and our relations and their relations with
Europe. The resolution was passed by the one
voice of the Senate. The inquiry simply was of
an Executive Department of the Government to
furnish us such information as was consistent
with public policy. We received that informa-
tion, which was placed upon the table of the Sen-
ate and by the Senate referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations, where it has lain buried,
not five fathoms deep, but certainly as well buried
as if it had been put into the tombs of the Capu-
lets. 1 have sought for this information. I asked
for it. The Senator from Ohio asked for it in his
place in the Senate Chamber. The Senate con-
ceded it. The State Department has sent us this
information. It has been referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, and they hold it as
their personal property, as if they were not mere
agents of this senatorial body for a-specific pur-
pose; that is, to receive it and give it its proper
order. When the Senate asks for a piece of in-
formation it is not to get a body of manuscript
to be hid in one of the committee-rooms of this
Senate, but it is asked for for the information of
Senators'and Representatives and the country.
I am compelled to say, and it is my duty to say
it, that several things sent to that same commit-
tee, of which I am an unworshipful member, have
been held there against all the laws of parliament-
ary usage and against the right of every individual
Senator.
What is the office of a committee ? To receive
the subject-matter referred to it and give the judg-
ment of the committee upon that subject-matter
to the Senate for its just, or it may be its unjust,
judgment. This is not the only subject that has
"been buried in the vaults of the Committee on
Foreign Relations. The chairman of that com-
mittee now asks for the passage of this resolution,
and while I do not feel myself able to resist the
tide of his power here in the Senate Chamber by
the power of votes f have a right as a Senator to
protest agaipst such conduct as against parlia-
mentary law, and against my rights individually
as a Senator.
The most- grave and important question that
we have before the country, before the Senate
andthe House ofRepresentatives,is ourrelations
with the sister republic—I still call her such—on
our southern border. The Senator from Ohio
sought information upon it. The Senate gave-
him the privilege of informing himself ana in-
forming us. The information has been sent to
us from the State Department. I have asked in
humble language in the committee-room to which
1 belong that it might simply be published, that
I might have the opportunity myself to read it,
and that other Senators might have an opportu-
nity to read it, and membeis of the House of
Representatives might do it, that they might be
