1804
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2368
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indiana
is out of order.
Mr. JULIAN. I had but little moie to add on
that point, ami I will desist.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to have
read a sentence from page 72 of the Manual in re-
lation to the point of order raised a few moments
since, and on which his decision was doubted by
gentlemen on the right of the Chan*.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" While a member i* occupying the floor lie may yield
it to another tor explanation of the pending ineasuteasweli
as i'oi pi'iboiuil explanation."
The SPEAKER. Gentlemen will see, there-
fore, that in yielding lor explanations in regard to
the controversy now before the House the gentle-
man from Indiana was strictly m order.
Mr. MALLORY. I desire to say a word or
two fuither, with the consent of the House.
Mr. MORRiLL. I call fur the regular order
of business.
Mr. MALLORY. I hope the gentleman from
Vermont will not insist on that at this moment.
Mr. MORRILL. Very well, I will not object.
Mr. MALLORY. My recollection is clear and
distinct, and I was listening very closely at the
time, that the rnembei from Indianaused ho such
language as is rcpoited in theGlobe. He litis at-
tempted to prove that he did by calling on gen-
tlemen around him to state their recollection of
the language'he used on t hat occasion. None of
those gentlemen but one say that he uttered the
words that are reported in theGlobe to have been
used by hun. Their tecollecQon is that heeither
uttered these woids, or substantially what is re-
ported in the Globe. None of them, except the
gentleman fiom Pennsylvania, [Mi. Sti.m-.ns,]
and 1 was a little astonished at the accuiaey of
his hearing and the accuracy of his memoty—
none of them except that gentleman say that the
member from Indiana used the precise language
reported in the Globe.
A eonstiuction will lie put on what a member
says by one gentleman in one way, ami by an-
other gentleman in another way. Constructions
may diifer and do diifer. You may icmember
substantially what he did say, and you may dif-
fer as to the language. The language is the mat-
tei in point heie. They say that tiie tenor of
what the member said is reported in the Globe.
There are gentlemen around me who listened at-
tentively and closely to what the member from
Indiana utteied. 1 appeah d to them before I un-
dertook what I have done, and there is not one
to whom 1 ptit the question whose recollection is
not clear that no such language was used.
I call on the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Keknan,] who listened to every word thai was
uttered, to say whetherthe memberfiom Indiana
used the woids reported m the Globe.
Mr. KERNAN. Mr. Speaker, I was silting
in my seat and listened to the colloquy that
passed, and which is now rdlued to, and 1 have
no recollection that there was uttered the language
indicated. I do not think that any such language
was used applying the charge to any one, or that
any language was used charging, or statin;; m
any way, that the blood ot the gentleman irojn
Kentucky, or any member, was as was ehargt d.
Now, I can only say that I listened to it at the
time, mid my attention is called to it now by this
discussion, and I have no such lecojiection of any
such remark, and 1 think I would have noticed
it if made, as I sat near the gentleman fiom Ken-
tucky, and between him and the gentleman from
Indiana.
Mr. MALLORY. 1 rail on the gentleman
fiom Michigan, whom I did not consult, for ius-
lecoiiecuon.
Mi. BALDWIN, of Michigan. I h= ttncd at-
tcnli\ely to what was said, and, sitting between
them, i had a fair opportunity for hearing._ 1 1
must say, dir, that I ima.id no personal allusion
by the, gentlemen from Indiana as to the blood
of the gentleman horn Kmitimky. I think Jean
say positively th'-ie was no such language used.
Mr. MALLORY". 1 now call on the gentle-
man fiom New Yoik [Alt'. Guiswold] who was
sitting by my side and nsienui to eveiy woid of
the colloquy.
Mr. GR IS WOLD. My rommbr.mce of the
remaik of'thc gentleman from Indiana on the oc-
casion u'forred to is that some genetal expression
of the kind attuhuLed to him was made. Cer-
tainly no direct application was made to the gen-
tleman from Kentucky. 1 feel quite certain I
should have regarded that as a personal matter,
and expected the gentleman from Kentucky to
have so regarded jt and resented it at once. I
certainly did not understand the language to be
directed to the gentleman from Kentucky at alL
but some geneial remark of the gentleman from
Indiana."
Mr. MALLORY. I now call on the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Pruyn] who also heard
every word of that colloquy.
Mr. A. MYERS. Will the gentleman from
Indiana be allowed to call in rebutting testimony?
The SPEAKER. That will depend on whether
the House will give him the opportunity to reply.
Mr. SCHENCK rose.
Mr. MALLORY. If the gentleman has any
testimony to <rivc I will hear him.
Mr. SCHENCK. I dulnot hear thercmarks;
I was in the cloak-room at the time.
Mr. MALLORY. I would be glad to have the
gentleman's testimony.
Mr SCHENCK. I ask the gentleman from
Kentucky to give way that I may send to the
Clcik's desk to be read a portion of the record
of the proceedings of the Pickwick Club. It is
but a page or two, and from the "Posthumous
Papers" of that distinguished society. It fur-
nishes a good precedent for the present proceed-
ings, and may help to compose the disagreements
of the House.
Mr. MALLORY. I cannotyield for that pur-
pose. *
Mr. PRUYN. I happened,at the time refeired
to, to occupy a seat in thus part of the House
near to the Speaker. I turned my chair in such
a way that I might hear all that was said by the
gentleman from Indiana. I heard very distinctly
what was said by the gentleman from Kentucky.
No such language as that contained in the para-
graph about the blood of the gentleman from
Kentucky was made use of by the gentleman from
Indiana within my hearing, and i think I heard
every word he said. I listened attentively, mid
was sitting m fiont of him, and if any such ex-
pression had been made use of by him 1 could
not have faded to hear it.
Mr. MALLORY. I now call upon the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Miller,] who
listened to that debate.
Mr. M1LLKR, of Pennsylvania. I can only
say that at the time, this debate occuned, 1 left
my own seat and took a position wheie I might
be able to hear what iraiibpiied between the par-
ties. My lecollecl ion squat es piecisely with that
of the gentleman from New Yotk, [Mr. Piiuyn;]
and the gentleman fiom Indiana did not, accord-
ing to my recollection, utter the language which
is round m the published proceedings in the Globe;
nor was the sentiment itself reduced to any such
shape as to make it a peisonal insult to the gentle-
man from Kentucky, as is the case with the re-
mark as published in the Globe, and presented
here to-day. I cannot believe, I do not believe
the gentleman from Indiana would ever have ut-
tered that sentiment anywhere else m the world
except under lock and key or under a safeguard.
Mr. A. MYERS. I object to witnesscsgivino-
their opinions. [Laughter.]
Mr. MALLORY. 1 call upon one gtmtleman
more, t he gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Buss,] who
heat d that debate.
Mr. BLISS. The testimony I have to give
bearing upon the issue before the House is this:
during the coiloquy between those two gentle-
men, for the purpose of moie suiely hearing the
mteiesting icmarks which were passing I took
a seat near the Speaker. I listened to that part
of the rem.irks of the gentleman fiom Indiana in
which he spoke of the amalgamation of the An- |
glo-Saxon and the Afncan blood at the South. I
heaid what he said with reference to the conduct
of the people of the region of the gentleman fiom
Kentucky. [ had a suspicion that in the warmth
of the speaker's passion lie would apply the .sub-
ject peisenaiiy to the gentleman fiom Kcntueky,
and I was waiting to henrn. I listened to ail the.
remaiks made upon that subject, and discoveied
that tie gentleman from Indiana had the prudence i
to ivmd a personal imputation. 1 left the subject |
with that impression, I have it now, and 1 have !
no doubt my impression is absolutely correct. |
Mr. MALLORY. Now, sir, 1 end this mat-1
ter, so far as I am concerned, with the single dec-
laration that the member from Indiana has in his
own possession the only absolute and conclusive
proof about the matter in contest between him and
myself. He can produce it, and show that he is
guiltless of the charge I make against him. He
has the notes in his possession. By producing-
the reporter's notes he can show whether the ex-
pression was uttered or not. If it was; I retnict
my charge; if not, 1 insist upon it.
Mr. JULIAN. I desire to say one word fur-
ther.
Mr. COFFROTH. I object. . '
Mr. JULIAN. Thcreportcrconcurs with me.
Mr. COFFROTH. If the gentleman has the
notes in his possession, I withdraw my objection.
Mr. JULIAN. Before I proceed to say what
I desire to add to my remarks, I call upon my
colleague from the Tippecanoe district to state
his recollection of this discussion.
Mr. ORTH. I was in the neighborhood of
these gentlemen during the colloquy.
Mr. HARRINGTON. I object to any further
statements in reference to what transpired on that
occasion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The gentleman having just ob-
tained unanimous consent to speak has the right
to occupy one hour, and he can yield to any gen-
tleman for a personal explanation relating to the
matter under discussion. The gentleman from
the eighth district of Indiana will proceed.
Mr. ORTH. I was in the immediate vicinity
of my colleague, [Mr. Julian,] but I would no'
pretend to-day, nor would I have pretended ai
hour after that colloquy had occurred, to attemp1
to relate the exact words which either of thosf
gentlemen used. 1 have a little too muchexperi
once as a iawyertoattcmptto repeat the languugf
used, especially after several days have trans
pired. So all the information that 1 can give h
the impression I received at the time. That im
prossion is still on my mind, and I will give it t«
the House foi what it iswoith. The impressior
made on my mind at the time was that my col
league [Mr. Julian] did use language referring
directly and personally to the gentleman froiF
Kentucky, and I felt, as the gentleman fron
Pennsylvania has slated, that it was rather rude
As to stating his precise woids, I am unable t<.
do so. «-
Mr. J ULIAN. I will call only one other \vit«
ness, the gentleman from Connecticut, [Mr. Dem-
inc; ]
Mr. DEM1NG. Mr. Speaker, my attention
was particuhuly called to the discussion between
the gentleman from Kentucky and the gentleman
from Indiana from the fact that I regarded it as
unsuitable to a miscellaneous audience, and there-
fore I cast up my eye to the gallery for the purpose
of seeing whether there were any ladies piesent
during the discussion. 1 paid particular attention
to the part of the colloquy which is now in dis-
pute. But I labor under the same disadvantage as
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Oiitii.] The
question before the House seems to be whether the
language as published in the Globe was the identi-
cal language used by the gentleman from Indiana.
I have a distinct recollection of his ideas, and
could narrate them. I could detail them. But it
is totally impossible for me to say what the pre-
cise terms were which the gentleman from Indi-
ana used. My own recollection is that there was
not so much of a personal character in the argu-
ment as dppears in the columns of the Globe.
But m that I may possibly be mistaken.
Mr. JULIAN. Mr. Speaker, the member from
Kentucky has succeeded, it will be conceded on all
sides of the House, m proving that several mem-
bers on that side did not hear mcuse the language
in question. Now, I am wilimgto agree to that,
and I am willing to leave the ease inthatnttifude.
It having been proved that I did use it, by gentle-
men whose attention was called tu it, and who say
that they heaid me, and it havingbccn proved by
gentlemen on the other side that they did not hear
me, 1 submit that the case on my side is fully made
out.
I will say further that if the gentleman from
Kentucky dtcu.'s any furthei pioof,and pretends
sutl that 1 am guilty ofd forgery, I will commend
him to (he Globe reporters who took do-ven the
identical words used. Let him ask them whether
1 used tho.se words or not. I will state further
