1388
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 1,
lials to be used by vessels at night, and also in the rules to
be observed fiy vessels wfieu approaching one another.
Some of these alterations, those, for example, which relate
' to green and ml side-lights, have already been adopted by
most maritime nations; but even in these cases the adop-
tion of the new system by each nation has hitherto only
bad the effect of a municipal law, while in other eases the
-rules and practice adopted by different nations are incon-
sistent and conflicting.
That the law and practice of all the maritime nations of
the world concerning the precautions to be observed for
preventing collisions at sea should be adapted to the ex-
igencies of modern navigation ; that they should be consist-
ent and uniform, without distinction of flag or of place ;
and that they should have the force of international mari-
time law, are objects the importance of which u is unne-
cessary to urge.
TJnder these circumstances, the Governments of Gieat
Britain and France have prepared a set of rules which will,
they believe, if adopted by the maritime nations of the
woild, fulfill the objects above mentioned.
These rules arc to come into force on the 1st day of June,
1863. They will from that date govern British and Fiench
ships, and will he capable of being enforced with rcg.nd to
such ships in the courts of either countiy. To complete
the work thus begun it Is necessary to piocure the concur-
rence of other nations, and tor {his purpose I am charged
her Majesty's Government to communicate to you the
inclosed copy of the above-mentioned uilcs, and to express
the hope that the Government of the United States may
see fit to apply them to its own ships, and to signify to her
Majesty's Government its desire that such ships may m
any questions that may arise in British couits  of law b«
treated aecouhngly.
Her Majesty's. Government are the more ready to believe
that this comse will be willingly acceded to, smec the
rules in question have been so framed as to adhere as closely
as the wants of modern navigation will pcumt, to the es-
tablished practice of the sea
J have only to add that a communication similar to the
present will be addressed on the pan of the British and
French Governments to the Government of every maritime
nation, in the hope that the rules in question may thus be
\miver hlly adopted, and that they may become an integral
part of the intei national law of the woild.
I havo the honor to be, with the highest consideration,
eir, your most obedient, humble servant,
LYONS.
Hon. Wuxum II. Rkvvarj), &c., Stc., &c.
Mr. ELIOT. It is evident, Mr. Speaker, that
a code of this description is more or less useful in
proportion to the extent of its adoption by other
nations. St'but one maritime nniion adopted it,
and no other maritime Power availed itself of it,
it could not have, of course, the general utility
which one uniform code regulating the cour.se of
vessels on the water would have. When thus
- bill shall become a law, it wilt piubably bo found
that all the leading maritime Powers of the world
will have the .same code regulating the course of
vessels on the ocean. A copy of this hill was
sent to the Boston Marine Society, and has been
subjected to careful examination by (hat society.
I will send to the Clerk's desk the report made to
the society on the subject, giving the views of
gentlemen highly competent to judge on matters
of this kind. I beg to say that the report notonly
refers to the bill now before the House, but to
one which I shdl report next from the committee.
But the whole letter may be read.
The Cleik read, as follows:
To the Picsidcnt and Trustees of Boston Marine Society:
Gentlemen; : Your committee, to whom was referred a
"bill fixing certain rules and regulation# for preventing col-
lisions on the water," and also a " bill to regulate the ton-
nage of ships and vessels of the United States," Imve at-
tended to the duty assigned them, and would respectfully
report that we have earefullj examined each bill, and aie
unanimous in the opinion th.ilthc bill to preventcollisiontf
at sea i* one of very great importance, and supplies a want
that has ev«r existed lor the safety of vessels at sea, and
lor those who navigate our lakes and riveis.
tip to the present um« we, as a great commercial nation,
have had no established rules of the sea upon a unifoim
basds, having the sanction of law, by which our navigator
could govern themselves with any degree of safety, ami by
which they could be held ies=ponsible tor damage ausmg
from the neglect of the same, In tins respect we are very
far behind many other nations who&e commerce is small
when compared with our own.
In establishing iuIcs for the sea your committee are aware
that great rare should be had that they conform ati ictly to
the long-established rules of other nations. They have
therefore carefully compared the bill submitted to them in
all it? provisions, with the English established rules ot the
sea, which are nearly universally adopted by thenaiionsof
Europe, and find they exactly coirespond, except m one
instance, which is in article ten, relative to fog signals for
sailing vessels where there is a slight discrepancy which
your committee deem of much importance, namely: the mil
before them provides that all sailing ships or vessels shall
in togary weather, ur-e a fog horn, to be sounded every live
minutes. The English rule is that when the vcs&el i& on
the staiboard tack a fo<r bom shall be sounded every five
minutes, hut when on the port lack the bell should be rung
eveiy five minute*. In this particular your committee
think the ihigioh rule is decidedly piefurablc, and would
pre v. ntconfusion, and consequently many collisions, more
particularly m rivers and narrow channel*. With that
slight alieiauon they think tin: bill a very good one, and
would btrongly recommend that it become a law.
With respect to tiie <* bill toiegulate the tonnage of ships
and vessels," yo,ur committee believe the present mode of
measuring and calculating the tonnage to be very imperfect,
and very tar from being unifoim ; for it is well known that
while some ships wil 1 only carry their register tonnage, oth-
ers will carry nearly twice thai amount; and tins (act alone
is sufficient to show the great imperfection of the pre&ent
method of measuring and. calculatingthe tonnage. It also
offers a very strong inducement to sacrifice safety and speed
for carrying capacity in the construction of ship?, thus in-
creasing the risk of life and property. It also makes the
tonnage tax or duty fall very unequal on ships and vessels,
while justice and equity both clearly dictate that all pi op-
erty should be taxed in just proportion to its ability to pay.
TTpon a careful examination and comparison of the bill
submitted to them with theEnghsh rule for measuiingand
calculating the tonnage of vessels, your committee find
they agree precisely; and they are of opinion that it is a
very gicat improvement upon the method now m use, and
appears to be a rule for determining the actual capacity of
vessels upon correct principles; and unless there are more
weighty reasons against a change than your committee are
at present possessed of, they are inclined to recommend
the adoption of the bill submitted for their consideration.
E. DAVIS,
KLTAS J. DAVISON,
WILLIAM PERKINS,
YVJ IjL 1AM BltAMil ALL,
EltASTUS SAMPSON.
uoston, Natch 1, 1864.
The foregoing report was unanimously accepted and
placed on the records of the Boston Marine Society.
Attest: IIENIIY K. LOItING,
SccrcCaiy.
Mr. ELIOT. It will be seen, Mr. Speaker,
that there is a criticism in that report on the tenth
article of the bill. On receiving the letter in
which it is stated that this provision varies from
the English rule, I wrote at once to ascertain from
what quarter these gentlemen in Boston had re-
ceived the rules which they had examined, be-
cause the code on which this bill was formed
was the copy furnished officially from the Eng-
lish Government. I found by the letter in reply
that the copy which had been examined in Bos-
ton,although printed in a recent publication,was
the rule adopted m 1858. The rule embodied
in this bill is the present rule governing English
vessels. I believe that the whole bill, as it is
reported, conforms with entire accuracy to the
rules adopted in Great Britain. From the persons
who havewiilten to the committee on the subject
theic has been but one opinion expressed, and
that in favor of the bill as it is reported. I believe
it is as nearly perfect as it can be made; and un-
less gentlemen desire to make inquiries about it,
1 will move the previous question.
Mr. BROOKS. 1 was about to ask the gentle-
man some questions at the beginning of his re-
marks, but I believe ho has met them all, and lias
explained the bill very satisfactorily to the rep-
resentatives of all the commercial classes. It seems
to me that this bill ought to become a law, for it
establishes a great international code of naviga-
tion on the ocean. I suppose that if Great Brit-
ain and the United States adopt this law it will
also be adopted by all the maritime nations of the
world. I also suppose that it has not only been
submitted to the Marine Society of Boston, but
to other marine societies.
Mr. ELIOT. Yes, sir; all over the country.
Mr. BROOKS, i hope that it will be passed.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered; and under the oper-
ation thereof the bill was ordered to beengrossed
and read n third time;and being engrossed, itwas
accordingly read the third time,and passed.
Mr. ELIOT moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laidupon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADMEASUREMENT 03? TONNAGE.
Mr. ELIOT, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported back House bill No. 119, to reg-
ulate the admeasurement of the tonnage of ships
and vessels of the United States, with a substi-
tute.
The substitute was read.
Mr. ELIOT. Mr. Speaker, I should not do
my duty either to the committee or to the House
if i failed to state btic-ily and distinctly the rea-
sons which have operated upon the committee in
reporting this bill to the House, and the objects
which are sought to be attained by its passage.
The bill which has been just passed providing for
the prevention of collisions upon the water was a
bill which will contribute to the establishment of
a uniform code of rules governing theshipsof all
nations upon the water. The effect of this bill
will b§-, if it is passed, to contribute very materi-
ally to the establishment of uniform rules for the
admeasurement of the tonnage of vessels.
I suppose the subject is one not interesting
enough to the members of the House to make it
probable that they will give me their attention
while I state the character of the bill; yet I think
they will be somewhat surprised when the fact
is stated that we have got along in this country
to the year 1864 without any mode of ascertain-
ing what is the legal meaning of a ton as used in
shipping,integisteringthetonnageofvessels. Our
ships arc built by the ton; they are purchased
and sold and chartered by the ton; they are taxed
by the ton; they are dealt with by the ton in all
respects; and yet, sir, there is no way to tell what
a ton means. The dead-weight ton we know the
meaning of, for it is twenty hundred weight; but
what is the meaningof the word as used in regis**
tering vessels cannot be ascertained, because there
is no definite unit of measurement. The ton which
is used is not definite. If we were to be depiived
of our unit of measurement of weight, of time, or
value, gentlemen would see what a chaos would
be brought about at once. Yet it is of the same
importance to the ship-owners and ship-buildera
and the merchants who use ships upon the water
that there should be a definite rule to determine
the capacity of a vessel. There is none now.
The history of the law providing for the ad-
measurement of tonnage is very brief; and with
the leave of the House I will refer to it. The
first legulation upon the subject at all, dates back,
I think—I speak only of the Govcrnmentof Great
Biitam and our own; what the laws have been
in the European continental nations I have not
examined—m England, then, the first regulation
goes back to the eaily part of the fifteenth cen-
tury. In the year 1422 a very simple law wag
passed regulating the measurement of the keels
of vessels used for the carriage of coal from New-
castle. It was a simple rule, but a very good
one so far as it went. The law required that
these vessels should not carry more than ten chal-
drons of coal each of fifty-three hundred pounds
weight; that is to say, that they should not carry
more than fifty-three thousand pounds. The dead-
weight ton is two thousand, so that those vessels
were permitted to carry twenty-six and a half tons.
In order to ascertain whether the vessel had ob-
tained the proper amount, the rule required that
it should be loaded at the wharf with twenty-six
and a half tons of lead or iron. Then the load-
line was ascertained and marked by nails driven in
the stem and stern on either side and amidships.
Then it was designated to what depth the vessel
would be sunk with a full cargo. That was the
whole law, and it was a good one, as I said just
now, simply because it was based upon truth,
which is more than can be said of any other law
since passed upon the subject, until the one which
recently passed in Great Britain in 1854. That
law of 1422 continued until 1G94,1 think. It was
then modified, and there was no other law until
1720, at which time there was one passed in Eng-
land concerning spirit vessels, vessels that carried
wine. That law was very similar to the one which
we now have.
In 1773 there was a general law passed by the
Parliament of Great Britain regulating the tonnage
of all ships and vessels. It was the first general
law ever passed; and that law is the same, word
for word, we now have in this country, excepting
that we have substituted as a divisor the sum of
ninety-five instead of the English sum of n.ncty-
four.
Gentlemen will find the law by turning to the
statute; but I will state it, and they will see at
once wherein it is imperfect and unjust, and at
the present time impossible of useful application.
There is a line running from the fore part of the
main stem to the after partof the stern-postofthe
vessel. The length of that line is the length of
the vessel. The breadth of the vessel is taken at
its greatest width'across the wales either above or
below, and that is the breadth. One half of that
breadth is said to be the depth. It is the legal
depth. Then from the length thus given three
fifths of the breadth of the vessel are deducted*
and the remainder represents what is called the
tonnage-length of the vessel. That length is mul-
tiplied by the full breadth, and the product is mul-
tiplied by half of the breadth, which is the depth,
or supposed to be so. The product so ascertained
