U2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, m the course !
of thedehate upon the ruie adopted yesterday by
the Senate, 1 stated that tine body having exclusive :
jurisdiction over the subject, i should hold my- i
self bound by its action, and that but one alter- |
native remained if the rule was adopted: either to j
comply with the decision or relinquish my seatin i
the Senate. Subsequent reflection has convinced j
me I was partially m error. Another course is j
open: to submit to the decision and resign. |
The gravest consideration has induced me to
pursue this latter course; and in a brief period my
connection with this body,which has lasted nearly
thirteen years, will cease.
I desire to assign the reasons which control my
action. Without any decision upon (he consti-
tutional validity of the act of July, 1862, all the
members of the Senate and House to whom it
applied belonging to the political party with winch
I have acted have voluntarily taken the oath pre-
scribed by that act, deeming, doubtless, that the
constitutional questions involved were of less mo-
-mentaud the precedent made less dangerous than
they seemed to my mind. I could not butreflect
that this unanimous action of those with whom
I coincided in general political views might give
cause even to men unbiased by the perverting
influences of political or personal hostility, who
did not know me personally, to doubt, if not to
believe, that I declined to take the oath for reasons
other than the consideration that, in my judgment,
it was a dangerous innovation upon fundamental
principles of the Constitution.
As I believed that the lawhod been passed with-
out full discussion,and as a decision on its valid-
ity by the proper tnbunal had been waived at the
ap<xidl session when I was not present, i was con-
tent to leave others to their own action, and govern
mine by my convictions of duty. The decision
has now, however, been judicially made, aftei
homing my objections to the net and the oath it
imposes, and that decision, though m my belief
a dangerous precedent, is obligatory to the extent
of taking the oath, as 1 have already held the seat
for nearly one year since my leeiection.
Sn, I admit th.it 1 covet the approbation of the
good, the wise, and the reflecting, anil would not
willingly subject myself to their censure or to rea-
sonable suspicion as to my motives of action;
though I am utteily indiflVient to tlio.se calumni-
ous, gioundless, and vindictive attacks to which
evoiy man in public life, even in le.sa excited
tunes, is aul j(«ct< d by personal malevolence or
pohueal hostility. But though 1 desiie sneh-ap-
probation, 1 have never made either opinion or
popuUuitymy standard of action, but my own
sense of ri'^ht and duty, and I owe a respect to
my own sincere convictions of public, duly which
i will never sacrifice. Many of you are awaie
that bcl'oie civil war commenced I expressed fully
my views us io the course of action which 1
thought the welfare and piosperity of the whole
cuuntiy required after the secession of seven
Slates. Those views d life red ftom the course
puisued subsequently by the Administration, and
Us comse was appioved by a majority of Con-
gress, and indeed by the people at large after
their passions had become excited by actual war.
1 told you then that 1 did not consider seces-
sion a constitutional or reserved light of the States,
but an act of revolution; but a revolution by oi-
ganized communities—notiebellion in the modem
sense of the word, but only in its old Roman
sen>-e—the revolt of a people. ! told you, also,
that, in my judgment, conciliation, and the re-
moval of real or even apprehended grievances or jj
dangers, and not coercion by aims, was, m such II
a crisis, the true policy of the statesman; and that ;!
theframersofthe Constitution had wisely left such j!
a state of atfairs without anv provision as one of :j
those 14 mortal feuds" which, m the language of ,j
Hamilton,** when i hey happen,commonly amount [
to levolutions and dismembeinieuts of empiie." !j
I admitted that secession was a bieach ofthc com- ;;
pact by which the Federal Government was estab-
lished, and that it rested with the United States
to determine whether they would and could, by
war, compel the seceding States to repair the
breach, or whether the act by which they severed
their political relations with us should be assented
to, and a peaceful separation permuted, in the
hope that past memories and the ties of blood and
marriage, with continued commercial intercourse,
might in a few years restore those seven States
to the Union; sinnliur influences having at the
origin of the Government induced Noith Caro-
lina and Rhode Island, after a year's delay, to be-
come members of the Union, though the former
had in the first instance rejected theConstitution,
and the latter had refused to be represented in the
Convention. Imay be pardoned here for quoting !
a short extract from a speech 1 madeon the44 con-
dition of the country," in March, 1861, as illus-
trative of my opinions before the sword had been
drawn:
"You may attempt By war to keep the States united—
to restore the Union; but the attempt will be futile. Con-
ciliation and concession may reunite us; wat,never! The
power may be cxeicised lor the purpose of pumshmeutand
vengeance. It may be exercised if you piopo*e to conquer
the receding States, and reduce the nation into a consoli-
dated nation; but if y<y rnuention be to maintain the Gov-
ernment which your ancestors founded—thatis, a common
Government over separate, independeiiteoinmunitie&—war
can never etfect such an intention."
I preferred then peaceful separation to civil
war as the lesser evil, but the Administration and
the dominant party decided to resort to an en-
forcement of the laws by the coercion of arms, as
against an insurrection. Civil war has since
raged, and its events and consequences* have
strengthened my convictions that the prosperity of
my country and the happiness and morals of the
people cannot be promoted by its continuance.
To these views an overwhelming majority of Con-
gress is opposed, and, so far as the elections of
the past year can be accepted as evidence of pub-
lic sentiment, that majority is sustained by the
people, it is true that new questions have arisen
in the progress of war as to its mode of conduct
and object,and have produced conflictof opinion
i among the people. But on the question of peace
| —even by temporary separation if essential—the
! Democratic pai ty with which 1 have been con-
i neeted isdivuled,and many of itsleatlmgandmost
! influential adherents indulge m the visionary idea
] that a common Government, based on 14 the con-
| sent of the governed," over sepai ate political com-
| munities, with diversified habits, manners, cus-
j touts, and institutions, can be restored and main-
tained by the sword, without the abandonment
■ of a federal and its conversion into an imperial
aod centralized Government. So thought not the
Piesident of the United States or the Secretary
: of State on the 10th of Apui, 18C1, before war
■ had begun, and to my mind such an idea is ade-
i lusion and a mere chimera. I have also the fixed
opinion and belief that the life of a nation depends
upon the preservation of its libei ties, and not upon
the extent of us dominion. Standing therefore
almost alone in this body, I have lost the hope
that I can longei be of service to my country or
my State. .Never an ambitious man, the passion
of ambition has wiih the advance of life so di-
minished that I prefer the repose of private life
to (he imbutered contests of the political arenain
th Che tempestuous times.
1 have lived to see the elective franchise trod-
den under foot in my native State by the iron heel
of the soldier, and " Order No. 55," not the peo-
ple ofDelawaie, represented in one Hall ofCon-
gioss. 1 have lived to see her citizens torn from
their homes and separated from their families on
(he wuiranf of a self-styled detective, without any
ehuige expressed on its lace, and without any
known accuser; and then, without hearing or trial,
the.se citizens banished ftom their State, beyond
the pioteeUon of the laws, into a State in which
the laws of the United States are now neitheren-
forced, nor enforceable. Yetj  the State of Dcla-
v.aie tiie coitus have been always open, and at
no period has there existed the semblance of a
conspiracy or combination to resist the authoiity
ot the United States. Such an allegation is a toss
calumny, and uttei ly groundless, come from what
source it may.
And now, Mi. P resilient, the Senate of the Uni-
ted States have, by their decision enforcing an
expuigatory and retrospective test-oath, repug-
nant to both the letter and spirit of the Constitu-
tion, made a precedent which, in my judgment,
is eminently dangerous, if not entirely subversive
of a fundamental principle of representative gov-
ernment. Under these circumstances, with my
construction of the Constitution, having held the
seat, I am bound to submit to your judicial de-
cision as to the validity of the act of'July, 186:2,
and have therefore taken the oath it prescribes. I
cannot doubt that the precedent now made will
be followed, and yet I regard all test-oaths as use-
less and demoralizing acts of tyranny. It has
been as truly as beautifully said by a brilliant
and distinguished advocatc:
" They are the first weapons young oppression leain^ to
handle; weapons the more odious since, though barbed
and poisoned, neither strength nor courage is necessary to
wield them."
With a firm conviction that your decision in-
flicts a vital wound upon free representative gov-
ernment, I cannot, by continuing to hold the seat
I now occupy under it, give my personal assent
and sanction to its propriety. To do so, I must
forfeit my own self-respect and sacrifice my clear
convictions of duty for the sake merely of retain-
ing a high trust and station with its emoluments.
That will I never do, but, retiring into private
life, shall await, I trust with calmness and firm-
ness, though certainly with despondency, the fur-
ther progress of a war which it is apparent to my
vision will in its continuance subvert republican
institutions, and sever this Federal Union into
many arbitrary Governments.
Among these, wars for dominion will arise and
continue until, from exhaustion, the different di-
visions subside into separate nationalities,leaving
not the vestige of a republic remaining. If the
lessons of history be not deceptive and valueless,
such will be the inevitable result of protracted
war; for a single centralized Government ovei so-
vast a territory, inhabited by so intelligent and
energetic a people, could it be organized through
military genius and power, and be successful for
the hour, would not outlive the generation in
which it was established.
I close these remarks with the language in
which a historian of the Constitution so elo-
quently portrays the universal sentiment of the
American people (alas! how changed now) at the
time of its adoption, and the great object they
intended to accomplish in thus cementing more
' firmly a Federal Union:
j "They beheld that republican and constitutional Wcrty
\ which with nil that it comprehends and all it bestows was
1 not only altogether lovely in their cjes, but without which
i there could be no peace, ho social order, no tranquillity, and
! no >M'oiy lor them and their posterity.
S " This liberty they knew must bo preserved. They loved
[ it with a passionate devotion. They had been trained tor it
[ tin ough <i long and exhausting war. Their habits of thought
! and aetion, their cherished principle^, their hopes, their life
| as a people, wcio all bound up in it; and they knew that if
| they sull'eied it to he lost there would remain lor iheiri
| nothing but a heutagoof shame und ages of confubiun,stiife,
! atidsouow."
! The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair desires
; the attention of the Senate for a moment in rela-
i tion to the construction which is to be placed upon
j another portion of the rule which was adopted
yesterday. The first clause of the rule, without
j leading it, provides that Senators elect shall take
j and subscribe the oath in open Senate; and at
j that point in the rule is a period; it is the end of
! a sentence; and the concluding portion of the rule
seems to be somewhat distinct from the first por-
tion of it, and is in these words: 44 it shall also be
taken and subscribed in the same way by the
Secretary of the Senate." The Secretary of the
Senate is confined by indisposition to his room,
j and is not able to be present. If he is included
| within the rule, he will, as he notifies me, take
] and subscribe the oath on his first appearance
j here when he shall be able to appear. The first
j question that arises to the Chair is whether he is
; included in the rule. He was elected the Secre-
i tary of this body before the date of the law which
| prescribes the oath; and do the Senate mean to
prescribe a different rule to the officers of the Sen-
ate from that which is prescribed to Senators?
The rule declares emphatically that the Secretary
shall take the oath m the same way. The Chair
surely is not able to determine whether the rule
applies to the Secretary or not.
The next clause of the rule is: 4' but the other
officers of the Senate may take and subscribe it
in the office of the Secretary." The Chair is in-
formed that all the officers of tho Senate, if the
clerks under the Secretary are to be regarded and
denominated as officers, are ready to take and
subscribe the oath if, in the judgment of the Sen-
ate, they come within its provisions. There is
an obscurity in the language, which leaves the
ji Chair in doubt, and he hardly knows how to ad-
- minister it.
!! Mr. SUMNER. I doubt if upon reading the
j' rule it can be said that there is obscurity in the
ii language, Its obvious cffect as it seems to me ia
