3340
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 28,
wise in legislation. These opportunities have
been denied by the policy feslina lente, as under-
stood by some; but whether he hastens slowly
or hastens at all is a question in my mind. The
information is needed for legislation. It is needed
for general information. I need it. Every Sen-
ator upon this floor needs it.
The resolution now offered by the*Senator in-
volves the retaining in the committee-room down
stairs of a public document sent here from the
State Department under our orders for public in-
formation. The Senator says now that the pub-
lication of these things, and other questions of
equally grave import, shouldbe postponed until
the next session of Congress. For myself, I am not
so wise as not to need instruction, and I cannot
find the full measure of instiuction upon thisfloor
upon questions foreign to ourinimediatc business.
1 cannot find the full measure of instruction here
as to ourrelations with Mexico, which isadmitted
to be a grave question to this Republic; atleastit
was thought in the Baltimore convention that it
was a grave question. It was thought so in 1824
under President Monroe; it was thought so sub-
sequently under President Adams; it has been
thought so also by the American people; and, as
I have remaiked, it has been thoughtso lately by
the Republican convention that met at Baltimore.
To understand exactly all these relations, what
we have done, what is being done, and what shall
be done with regard to the American States out-
side of the old Union, is a matter of grave im-
port.
As this resolution is now before us, I believe I
have the privilege of offering an amendment to
it, and by way of testing the sense of the Senate,
I will move to strike out all of the resolution after
the word u resolved" and to insert—
That the "answer from the Depaumont of State to the
Senate resolution No. 47, m relation to Mexican aii'.ur*, be
printed.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I am surprised
by the question that has been raised by the Sen-
ator fiom California. , The resolution that 1 have
offered to-night has been one rather of form, be-
longing to the order of business, and according
to the usage of the Senate. It was prepared at
my request by one of the gentlemen who are habit-
ually seated at the desk in conformity with the
precedents of this body, and its object was sim-
ply to facilitate public business .at the close of the
session. It was not, so far as 1 was concerned,
pointed in any respect at any particular pending
measure. Its object was to facilitate the transac-
tion of all the business of the body. The Sena-
tor now interposes a proposition as a substitute !
■which is pointed ata particular pending measure.
He proposes that the Senate should intervene and
should summarily direct the publication of tin im- j
portant series of papers now at this moment on j
the table of the Committee on Foieign Relations, :
and with regard to which they have as yet come
to no definite conclusion. The Senator knows !
very well that those papers have been undet con- ;
sideiation at least at two different sittings of the |
committee. He knows also that the committee
has been positively convened to meet to-morrow
partly to consider what should be done witii re-
gard to those very papers.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I was not aware of it.
I was at the committee-room at its last meeting
1 think aseaily as any other member except tiie
chairman. I remained there for some time. I
was there long after eleven o'clock. I did not
hear any proposition to take the subject up again
as a question for consideration.
Mr. SUMNER. I had supposed the Senator
must have received a notice at his desk this after-
noon that there would be a meeting of the com-
mittee to-morrow morning at ten o'clock. Cer-
tainly I ordered one.
Mr. DAVIS. I received one.
Mr. FOSTER. I also received one.
Mr. SUMNER. Here aie two Senators who
„have received notice.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I do not question your j
veracity at all, but I did not hear it. 1 know that
I urged the question upon the committee, which
was simply a question of printing what had been
sent to us from the State Department and the
committee declined acting upon it, which i look
to be, as I have found it on other occasions, a
positive negative.
Mr. SUMNER, i think the Senator hardly
does justice to the committee; but still I do not
wish to go into any statement of the course of
the committee.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I will withdraw my
amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Then the
question is on the resolution offered by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts.
Mr. WADE. I believe I offered the resolu-
tion that called out these papers. I didnotknow
until lately that the answer had come in. It was
in my absence, or at least it did not come to my
notice, or I should have moved and endeavored
to have those papers printed, and I am very glad
to hear that they will probably be printed.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I hope the Senator will
allow me to make a statement while it is in my
mind. I took occasion to say to the committee
this morning-—and therefore it is no breach of the
etiquette of the committee-room—that I should
feel it my duty to call attention to the matter on
the floor of the Senate. There is, therefore, no
violation of the courtesy of the Senate.
Mr. WADE. 1 presume those papers will
now come to light and be printed. I called them
out for the purpose of information, for myself at
ail events, whether anybody else wanted them or
not, and 1 hope they will not be lost entirely in
that committee-room. I do not suppose they
will be. I presume they will be ieported back
and piinted
Mr. SUMNER. Allow me to say in all frank-
ness to my friend, he can be assured that they
will not be lost, if, in the opinion of the commit-
tee, after the best attention they are able to give
to them, they seem,all things considered, proper
to be published at this time, and with reference
also to considerations of economy. They are a
very large mass of papers. If published they
would occupy two large volumes; and one ques-
tion that has presented itself to the committee on
the threshold was, whether upon the whole at
this time it was expedient to enter upon the pub-
lication of so large a mass of correspondence as
that, with regard to which we had no veiy clear
idea. 1 have given such attention as I could to
the correspondence since it lias been laid before
i Jit; committee. Indeed I occupied the chief part
of the tunc of our recesses in my committee-room
perusing that correspondence. It is very exten-
sive, and it is not easy to take its whole charac-
ter in in the limited opportunities that I have had.
Mr. GRIMES. Why is it. not here?
Mr. SUMNER. The Senato? asks, why is it
not here? Because we did not suppose it ought
to be published 
Mr. McDOUGALL. The Secretary of State
ad\is*d that it might be published,
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Senator's paidon.
I have had no advice from the Secretary on the
subject,
Mr. McDOUGALL. You had a talk with
the Secretary on the subject.
Mr. SUMNER. But the Secretary never gave
me any advice on the subject; I never asked his
advice on the subject.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Did you not say so in
the committee-room ?
Mr. SUMNER. I never intended to say any
such thing. The whole question is still pending
before the committee, and awaits their action.
What they may say with regard to it, whether
on grounds of economy or on groundsof policy
it will be expedient to publish that correspond-
ence or not, remains to be seen.
Mr. WADE. I am not entirely satisfied with
that explanation of the mutter. When I called
these [D^pers out from the Executive, I intended
myselt to have the privilege of looking them over,
and I did not expect that 1 should be compelled
to submit entirely to the judgment of any com-
mittee; but if i had to submit the question whether
these documents should be printed to any com-
mittee, it would be the Committee on Printing,
and not the Committee on Foreign Relations.
The Senator has told us very truly that the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations are so much occupied
with impoitant busine&s that they have not time
to look into these voluminous documents and
ascertain whether the matter contained in them
ought to be printed or not, and consequently the
Senate has not intrusted them with jurisdiction
over that question. I suppose they ought to go
to the Committee on Printing,and let them judge ;
whether their importance entitles them to be pub-
lished. I do not think that any committee have
a right to investigate these public documents that
are called out by a Senator and at their election
suppress them altogether, so that he who calls
for them shall never see them if the committee
shall think they are not proper for publication.,
I think that is a great extent of jurisdiction in the
committee. I do not think they are intrusted
with that question at all. I think the papers
ought to be handed back to the Senate- Perhaps
it would be proper, as these are executive docu-
ments, for the committee to look into them far
enough to see whether it would be best that they
should be printed m confidence for the Senate m
executive session; but I do not believe that that
committee have such entire jurisdiction over this
subject that if they think these documents are not
proper for publication, I, who called them out,
am not to see them. 1 want to have something
to say about that. It may be that their judgment
is very good, but I am not entirely satisfied with
an implicit confidence in any committee. 1 want
to see the documents myself.
Mr. SUMNER. This voluminous mass of
correspondence was received some time last week.
I think the committee has made reasonable haste
with regard to it, and the whole question will be
before the committee again to-morrow morning.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the lesolution submitted by the Senator from
Massachusetts.
The resolution was adopted.
MKSyAflE FROM TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the House, of Representatives had passed a hill
(No. 549) further to regulate and provide for the
enrolling and calling out the national forces, and
for other purposes; in which it requested the con-
currence of the Senate.
33. F. KENDALL.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I now move to call up
House bill No. 414, for the relief of the estate of
Ij. F. Kendall.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope we shall go on with
the order of the day.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I had the floor half aft
hour ago, and made this motion, and yielded to
gentlemen simply because the Clerk, in a mistake,
could not find the bill. It will take but a moment
to consnh-rthe bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. I object to it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Then 1 move to postpone
all prior orders, with a view to take up the bill I
have indicated.
Mr. CHANDLER. I object to that motion
and shall vote against it. 1 desire to take up
House bill No. 307, to regulate commci ce among
the seveial States. In other words, 1 wish to kill
the Camden and Amboy railroad monopoly, and
1 want it taken up now. I desire to antagonize
that to the bill of the Senator from Wisconsin.
Mr. SUMNER. Let us finish the Freedmen's
Bureau bill. I ask the Senate to proceed to the
consideration of the order of the day.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask that the question
be put on the motion of the Senator from Wis-
consin.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Before these gentleme.n
came in I had the floor and moved to take up the
bill 1 have indicated, and it was passed over in-
formally, and all this discussion about Mexico
has intervened. I ask the Senate to take it up
now. It will take but a moment to dispose of it.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope we shall not take it
up and thus put aside the order of the evening.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Let it be laid aside in-
formally. 1 wish to have this bill disposed of.
Mr. SUMNER. Why not finish the order of
the day?
Mr..DOOLITTLE. a Why not dispose of this,
which will take but a moment?
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 withdraw my objection,
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I understand the objection
is withdrawn. I hope the special order will be
passed over informally.,
Mr. SUMNER. There is no objection to its
being passed over informally.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill (H. R. No. 414) for the relief of the estate
of B. F. Kendall. It authorizes the proper ac-
