1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
counting officers of the Treasury Department to
allow, in the settlement of the account's of B. P.
Kendall, deceased, late superintendent of Indian
affairs for Washington Territory, the sum of
$2,108 30, being the amount shown to have been
disbursed by him in his lifetime, and for which
no vouchers were to be found,
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will state that this bill
^jnakt-s no appropriation out of the Treasury".
•Mr. Kendall was killed,shot in his office, and on
his person were found memorandums in his hand-
writing, and the agent and his administrator have
appeared before the committee and stated to them
(hat this amount of money was paid out*by him,
bur no voucher was foundin his possession. He
died in that way, and the administrator wants to I
settle the account. The administrator has closed
every other item of the account but this, and he
has paid over to his successor nearly six thou-
sand dollars in cash. There is no doubt that it
is just, and the bill should pass.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
thiid time, and passed.
HOUSE BILL ItEFKKKED.
The bill (No. 549) further to regulate and pro-
vide for enrolling and calling out the national
forces, and for other purposes, was'read twice
.by its title, and referred to the Committee on j
Military Affairs and the Militia.
FRKKDMEN'S BUREAU.
Mr. SUMNER. Now I call for the order of
the day.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move to postpone all
prior oiders and take up House bill No. 307, to ;
regulate commerce among the several States. j
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The order of j
the day is before.the Seriate, but the Senator from ;
Michigan moves to postpone all prior orders for
the purpose of proceeding to the consideration
of the bill indicated by him.
Mr. SUMNER. Let me finish my bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope the Senator will
give way and let me take up this bill, it is v^ry
short.
Mr. SUMNER. I cannot. I am for that bill
of the Senator from Michigan, but I desire to dis-
pose of the bill now before us.
Mr. CHANDLER, i withdraw my motion.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (H. R. No. 51) to establish a Bureau of Freed-
rnen's Affairs.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on concurring in the amendment made as in"
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. BUCKALEW. A portion of the amend-
ment of the Senator from West Virginia was
stricken out. That portion, as I understand, was
what related to coriespondence with the Govern-
ors and municipal authorities of the States.
Mr. W1LLEY. The Senator is in error about
the motion to strike out. The vote was a tietand
therefore the motion failed.
Mr. BUCKALEW. There was amotion to
strike out the whole of the amendment, which
failed by a tie vote of 14 to 14.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair is
informed that a motion to stnke out a portion of
the amendment of the Senator from West Vir-
ginia was agreed to.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Then I was correct in my
recollection.
Mr. W1LSON. I ask to have it read as it now
stands, so that the Senate may understand it.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Jlndbe it further enacted, That whenever the said Com-
missioner cannot find abandoned real estate on which to
employ all of the freedmea who may come under his can;
and control by vittue of tins act, it bhail be his duty, «o far
as may be practicable, to provide foi them homes and em-
ployment with humane <uid suitable master* at fair and
just compensation for their service*.
Mr. BUCKALEW. That portion of the amend-
ment which remains contains the substance of
the whole. The portion struck out was unim-
portant, in my opinion, so far as substance is con-
cerned, because, under the clause as it will now
stand if adopted, the very correspondence contem-
plated in the portion that has been stricken out
may be carried on by these officers, and the very
same tilings may be done by them which could
have been done or would have been done under
the proposition as it stood, in its original form. I
desire to call attention tothispointdistinctly, that
it may be understood, if we pass this bill in the
form in which it stands, that we are now indors-
ing the substance of the whole proposition of the
Senator from West Virginia, involving all the
characteristics which I endeavored to describe in
my remarks in the session of to-day. if it be in
order I desire now to submit a motion that so
much of the amendment as remains in the bill be
stricken from it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair is
of opinion that that motion is not in order, the
Senate having refused to strike it all oat.
Mr, BUCKALEW. The motion to strike out
the whole of the matter failed.' Subsequently a
motion to strike out a part of it prevailed. I had
some doubt in my own mind with regard to the
regularity of a motion to strike out the remaining
portion of the amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair is
of opinion that it is not in order.
Mr. BUCKALEW. In that case whatl have
to observe is this: the bill standing in this form
with the retention of this objectionable matter
ought not, in my opinion, to be sanctioned by gen-
tlemen on either side of the Chamber, those who
are in favor of the bill as it originally stood as
well as those who were opposed to the proposi-
tion in the form in which it was embodied by the
committee. 1 think we should reject the bill in
its present form, or reconsider that portion of it.
The amendment made in Committee of the
Whole was concurred in.
The PRESIDENT^™ tempore. The question
now is on ordering the amendment to be engrossed
and the bill to be read a third time.
Mr. DAVIS. I propose to say something in
opposition to this bill being ordered to a third
reading.
Mr. President, the first passing political event
of which I read was the burning of Moscow, and
i have lived until a great Republic is about to fall
into ruins. This great Republic had its origin,
its biith in the principle of liberty asserted by
the white man, the Caucasian race. To escape
from European tyranny, our ancestors fled to a
new world and founded their homes, their coun-
try,and their Government in a wilderness. Some
considerable time after the infant colonies had
been founded what is called the African slave
trade sprung up, and our mother country, Eng-
land, and all of her colonies of the New World
entered into that trade and imported African slaves
into their respective countries, the mothei-land as
well as the colonies.
Among the earliest colonies to enter upon this
trade and to introduce this servile population of
a distinct race into their midst was the colony of
Massachusetts. The first example of a fugitive
slave law that I have ever seen m my life was
passed by her for the government of her own
slaves. The earliest, themostcompleteand rigid
siave code that I have ever read was passed by
that State. She, and the traders and shippers of
other New England colonics, entered eaily and
extensively into this slave trade. They brought
the sable sons of Africa from the homes of their
fathers into their States, and much more largely
into the southern States, where their labor was
more necessary and profitable than it was in the
barren soil and the rigid climate of the North, and
sold them to southern planters for gold. At the
dawn of the troubles between the mother country
and the colonies, every one of the thirteen colo-
nies was slaveholdmg. They all recognized the
African slaves as property. They had laws reg-
ulating the transfer of that property by sale, by
deviee, by descent. African slaves were as much
the subject of contract and of the transactions of
all the societies of the thirteen colonies as any
other species of property.
The troubles with the mother country com-
menced, not by reason of any conflict with the
i ights of the negro, not by reason of any infringe-
ment upon his liberties or upon his inalienable
right to freedom, but wholly irrespective of the
slave, of his condition, and of his destiny, exclu-
sively in consequence of aggressions upon the
white man and with a view to assert the rights
and the liberties of the white man alone, ignoring
and not paying the least regard to the condition
and rights and liberties of the slave.
Before the Articles of Confederation were formed
asortofrevolutionary government was firstygreed
upon by the colonists. The patties to that jite*
hminary government were the white colonists act-
ing in their respective colonies. It .was1 made for
the purpose ofvindicating the colonistis from the
buraens and the effects of the legislation t>f the
imperial Parliament in imposing excise and starnp
duties and other measures. That first govern-
ment existed about two years, and w s then super-
seded by what were called the Articles of Confed-
eration. They were proposed, according to my
recollection, in 1774 or 1775, I am not certain
which, and about three years after, sometime in
the year 1777, they were agreed to by the thir-
teen colonies.
The colonies" entered into that struggle for in-
dependence; they entered into that stiuggle for
personal liberty; they entered into that struggle
for the assertion of the great principle that tax-
ation and representation were correlatives; they
entered, upon the struggle to vindicate their im-
munity from the buraens of taxation impose'd
upon them by the mother country and its Parlia-
ment w'hile they wer$ deprived of the privilege
and the right of representation. The war then
commenced upon the basis and for the assertion
of the rights of the white man exclusively, as I
have related, and the negro, in the whole of the
contest, was as much ignored and as entirely ex-
empt from it, from the causes that produced*it;,
from its events, and from its consequences and
fruit's, as though he had been in Africa.
Mr'. WILKINSON. Will the Senator per-
mit me to ask lum a question right there?
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir; but upon this condi-
tion, that 1 shall answer no other question.
Mr. WILKINSON. The Senator states that
during the Revolution- the negroes were, entirely
ignored; tliat they were thrown out of the ques-
tion entirely. I want to ask him if General Wash-
ington did not call upon the State of Rhode Island,
to furnish negroes in the battles of the Revolu-
tion ?
Mr. DAVIS. I admit that he did; but I deny
that it was for the assertion, of a solitary right of
the negro that that struggle commenced. 1 deny
that the success of that struggle in a military or
a political point of view inured to the benefit of a
solitary negro, or tolhe liberation of one from
slavery.
But, Mr. President, I will proceed with my
narrative. This struggle lasted for seven years,
nine months, and one day; and during the whole -
of that time, in all of its features, in all of its
fiuits, and in its final consummation, it was a
struggle for the white man, for his own lighlsand
liberties against the oppressions of the mother
country, and in no sense and in no effect, neither
in theory nor practice, was it a struggle or a con-
test for the rights of the negro. These thirteen
colonies, every one of them then holding to sla-
very, united as slave colonies agarnst the com-
mon oppression of the mother country.
For something like two years they carried on
the war as colonists, seeking simply a redress of
their wrongs, and with a purpose of returning to
the mother country. But, sir, the policy of
George III and Lord North was the policy of
Abraham Lincoln ttfward these southern States.
They assumed the position,and held itinfiexibly
for about six years of the war, that they would
offer no terms of conciliation; they would accept
no propositions of compromise; they would have
submission and subjugation—nothing else, mid
nothing short of it.
In 1781 the King of England sent his speech
to Parliament, and, m response to that speed),
Parliament, by Us address, adopted sentiments
responsive to the determination of George HI
and of Lord North to sub jugate the colonists, by
a majority of ninety-seven votes. About six
months afterwards General Conway, who had
steadily opposed the war of the mother country
for the subjugation of the colonies, proposed a
resolution condemning the further prosecution of
the war, and insisting upon peace with the colo-
nists. Upon a division, that resolution was car-
ried by a majority of ten or twelve. In obedi-
ence to that changed sentiment of Parliament ana
of the people of England George 111 sent a com-
munication to Parliament that favored peace;
that breathed the spirit of peace and of the recog-
nition of the independence of the colonists; and
ur>on the motion of the same General Conway
«n address responsive to that address, to its pur-
