1390
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 1,
Union, to take up the national currency bill,which
is the special order.
Mr. tlALE. I suggest that we go into the
Committee or' the Whole House on the Private
Calendar to consider private bills. This is ob-
jection day, and it will not take more than half
an hour.
The SPEAKER. The motion to go into Com-
mittee of the Whole House on the Private Cal-
endar, although this is Friday, will not take pre-
cedence's the national currency bill is a special
order from day to day until disposed of.
Mr. Morrill's motion was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended, and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole oti the statu of the Union, (Mr. Rolling,
of New Hampshire, in the cluur,) and resumed
the consideration, as a special order, of the bill
(II. R. No. 333) to provide a national currency
secured by a pledge of United States stocks, and
to provide for the circulation and redemption
thereof.
The CHAIRMAN stated that when the com-
mittee rose last evening the thirty-second section
of the bill was under consideration, to which the
gentleman fiom Iowa [Mr. Piuce] had moved the
following amendment; and that by order of the
House debate had boon closed in one minute.
The Clcik read the amendment, as follows:
Strike nut {h<* words '• named in the preceding section,"
and insert in hen theieof, *i Philadelphia, Hoston, and New
York, nt one fouiih oi one pei cent, pot annum so that it
Will read:
Hf.c. 3'2. v2mi I'C it fmlhcr ennrtcK Thatoaoh association
shall select, •"■ubjcei to die apptoval ot' (lie Compttolier of
the Currency, an association in en her of the cities ol Phil-
adelphia, l>o ton, and New Vm k, at one toni ill of oik- per
cent per a.nnum, at which it will ledeem Ms eneulatinj;
lion-sat pai ; and the <'ompliollei -dial! invo public notice
of the names ol the a—oeiation-. , o lee ted ai \s lneh ic
deinjition^ «tr 'to be made hy the respective <i~~oeialhuh,
ami of an}' change thai may lie made hy aa_\ association in
tlte a-snci.uiou at \\ tin h it will ledeem n>, note-. Is any
association sliail I ul lor the temt oi thnty daj- t>) ledeeni
it^ notes a : atoresani, tlie ('omptiollei ot the ( 'hi k m v may,
upon lecoivni" sutisiaeloi v ( valence (hen ol, appoint a ic
civer in the manner piovnh'd tor in thi^ a«'t |o mini tip
its PiOvvU-d, That nothing in tin- M'etioj) -hall to-
il love any a-, 'oi'iniioii tnmi n ; halnliiy to iedeem iN euen
hit inn note-, at lis own eounlei. at pai, m law ml money oi\
demand.
Mr PRICK demanded tellers.
Tellers wete not (irdered.
Mr. 1IOOPKR. Let me make a su^orstion.
The Ci 1 AIRMAN. Debate is exhausted.
Mr, 1 lOOl'KR. 1 ask unanimous consent.
Mr. ELDKllXJK. I object.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. \EAMAN. I move toamemi hystiikuig
out the words "an association,'3 and m lieu
thereof to nnseit the woids "one or moie asso-
ciations. "
The amendment was lejeeted.
Mr. L'RIOR moved to add the following to the
end of the section:
•And jnon<icd further, That all hanks which may ho or-
priii'/ed mniet tin- act, ot that have been oiuanr/.ed under
the net !o vvlneh tins i< an amendment, shall at all tinier
be Compelh d to levei v «• at pai, in .ill 11aiisaet ion* at theil
counter?.. eacli othei\s notes, and tn tiivit tin m in ali ic-
speets as unar ov\ n.
On a division, there weie
quorum voting.
The CI 1A IRMAN ordered tellers, and Messrs.
X>ui( e and Ye-vman were appointed.
The amendment was rejeeted; the tellers hav-
ing reported—ayes 41, noes 51.
Mr. DAVIS, of N« w Voik, moved the follow-
ing amendment:
1^12-' section tlnrtj two, lino five, afrer the word
Up.u," insert the following:
Or an association m tin euy of ^New Voik, at which it
Wlii redeem hs eireuiainoitM at a discount not CAre.ed-
juig one lounii ot om pei cent.
Mr. WILSON demanded tellers.
^Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Davis, of
New York, and Evgj.isii, weie appointed.
The question was put; and the telleis reported
—ayes 48, noes 39; no quotum voting.
Tii** roll v as then called; and the following
members faihd to answer to iheir names:
IVIes^jH. Jam-1.-- O. Alien. William J. Alk n. Arnold, Haily,
Auirustu- t1 15 ikhvin, Frcwi- i\ Blair, Jacob Jl.Hhut, IJian-
Of«."c. J;uiie> ri. firinvn, Coirmth, (/O.t, I'ifswei!, Dawes
Dan -oa, Ih-annr.:. DrE.ieii.lkS^c' ton, F.iriiswoi th,Fon-
ton, li'.i'i- >ii. < field. (.'oos-li, {Jrnh i Crnmeil, 11 unn ton,
Oi'Ltu1' s M Jl.eii-. Ifohnan, John If liiibbaol. llntchuis,
William aoJin.son, Julian k.olifh i-i n. l-'i uteis \Y. Kello<^.
Kernan. Knn.r. L's/,eai, i,e i l"nd. i«aii<j'>hn, hoan, Mai-
vin. MeA!l;ster, ,>ri'0ow -if, Me/ndo.*. .MeKmnev. Middic-
toa, William 11. .Miiler, Daniel Moirw, Xchon, ("Melt, Por-
-ayes , noes 40; no
ry, Pniyn, Radford. Samuel J. Randall, John IT. Rioe,Rob-
inson, iioss, Fclienck. Sloan, Smith, Smitheis. Starr, Wil-
liam G. Steele, W.id-i\voi th.\V( b^ter, Wh^clei, ('lulton A.
White, Joseph W. White, Wmfield, iienjaimn Wood, and
Fernando Wood.
The committee rose; and the Speaker having
lcsumed the chair, Mr. Rollins, of New Hamp-
shire, leported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had,aecordingtootder,
had the Union under consideration, and particu-
larly the bill (PI. R. No. 333) to provide a na-
tional currency secured by a pledge of United
States stocks, and to provide for the circulation
and redemption thereof;and the committee finding
itself without a quorum had caused the roll to be
called, and directed him to note the absentees and
report them to the House.
A quorum having appeared the committee re-
sumed its session.
Mi. WILSON. I move to amend the amend-
ment by sti iking out "one fourth," and to in-
sert in lieu thereof " one eighth."
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HALK moved to insert after the words
4i New York" the words " Philadelphia and Bos-
ton."
Mr. DAVIS, of New Yoik. I accept that as
a modification of my amendment.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan. Then I hope
it will be voted down.
Mr. MALLORY. I move to insert, " and all
other cities named in the hill."
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan. I move to strike
out the woids " Philadelphia, and Boston."
The amend men t to the amendment svas rejected.
Mr. Pkici: "s amendment was then rejected; the
tclleis having lepmtfd—ayes 47, noes 50.
The Cleik rc.-ui the ihnty-third section,as fol-
lows:
Si-e.,'M. Jlml he it j'/ntlici eutnlctl, That the dirretnis of
an v as-neutl ion mas. M'ini m madly, each \ eat, d--> I are a
dividend <>! mueh oi tlii' piolits ol the a--s(re>n ;is
lhey > hall lud'je ( \ pedient , l>nt eaeb a --oeialion sha 11, he
loir the deelaiahon ot a dividend, eauv one tenth pair of
it net pioiits ol the pieeedna: halt _\eai to iK Mitpln-- lund
mini t'n- same shall amount to twenij pei eent, ot Us eepi
t.il aoek.
Mr. li-WV". I move to ;uld the following:
Pioi I'lei!, A-} if r'vci. Thai at no time Mia 11 the dividends ol
the net piolits of ^aid .i-mii miioii e\e<'iai the sum ol es^ht
per tent, pei annum ami Its Miipltis lund paid tn chall
aniounl to tw< nt\ pi i emit, -it it • capital sto< 1% ; hut it the
not piolits (if 1-aid .i -siieialion shall e\eeed eiu'ht pel cent,
pei annum atiei the -niplu . lund is paid in as niowded in
this i ( lion, said surplus (hvidi nd «>l Us n< i jm/tit- pei .in
nam shall Ic paid into the national Tieasiu v lor the bene nt
ol the peiisK me is ol the t.'ov oi mi ieutwjio.se mune-: are placed
on till lolls ol the Tension Ojh, >'
'i^ins section pi o\ id< s t hat the d nee tot s of any
usm" iation mav, >emwinnua!!y, i aoli y< ni, de-
claien di\iden'f of.so mueh of the profits of the
association as they shall judge expedient; but eae h
association shall bei'oie the declarnlton of a divi-
dend carry one tenth pait of its net pi ofits of the
piecedin^ half year to its surplus fund until the
same .shall amount !o twenty per eent. of its cap-
ital stock. The clear inference most undoubtedly
is, that after the amount of profits paid in amounts
to twenty per cent, they have the right to make
such dtvuh nds as they please. They will have
full power and authoiity to declare dividends of
fifty percent. We all know the grasping power
of ! hese ban ks. ( ha \ e been a director ot a ban k
myself, and I know howthese things are managed.
The sole object is to make as much money out of
tlie institution as possible. Now, eight pei cent.
n unquestionably a good divnh nd for any bank
in these times oi in any times. Unless tins amend-
ment is adopted the result will be that, instead of
making divid'uds of eight per cent., they viH
make dividends of fifteen and tweu'.y per cent,
Now, what disposition .should be made of these
large profits, and to what object should they be
applied? "We are taxing the people for tho very
ptupose of establishing these very institutions.
You are providing here for the establishment of
a bureau costing over a hundred thousand dollars
a year, and I ask, why should not these large
profits beyond a reasonable dividend be applied
to the benefit of the people?
My object is to pei feet the bill. I do not say
that i shall vote for it after it is perfected, because
I have no faith in it. I do not believe any bank
m the woild predicated on paper can succeed. I
am perfectly astonished that the gentleman from
Boston, [Mr. Hooper,] the hub of the universe,
a place which probably has more specie wealth in
pioportion to its population than any other place,
tt hard money man as he is,should have thought
to engineer this thing through the House.
What was the necessity of getting up these in-
stitutions? None at all. The Secretary of the
Treasury had authority to issue Tieasury notes
ad libitum. We tried a similar institution in In-
diana and Illinois. It was predicated on State
stocks; and what was the result? The institu-
tion went down; and to illustrate the state of things
there let me repeat an anecdote, as the President
of the United States would say, to illustrate my
idea of the future value of these notes. A large
steamboat was coming down the Ohio, along the
coast of Egypt, and the pilot told the captain they
wanted wood. He told the pilot to put m at the
first wood-yard. lie did so, and as they turned
into the shore they saw a fellow smoking his pipe,
careless of what was going on. The captain called
out to him, and asked if he was the owner of that
pile of wood.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LAW. I will be through in a moment.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I object.
Mr. PRICE. I propose to let that fellow sit
there. [Laughter.]
Mr. LAW. He asked, "How much do you
ask for that wood?" " Two dollars and a half a
cord." " Will you take Illinois paper?" "Yes."
" At what rate?" " Cord for cord." [Laughter.]
The amendment was not agreed to.
. Mr. STEVENS. I see the word " net" should
be inserted before the word " profits" m the third
line.
Mr. HOOPER. I doubt the propriety of mak-
ing such an amendment. I think if we introduce
the word "net" the question will immediately
aiise, " net" of what? You lemember that two
years ago a long discussion aros>e upon the mean-
ing of the woid "income" in tho tax bill, where
the w oi d " net" was put before it. Tho discus-
sion was continued a long time,and it was finally
decided that" income"expressed more precisely
the meaning than it would with the additional
word.
Mr. STEVENS. Then I suggest that we should
sti ike out " net" before " profits" in the fifth line.
If letamed m one place it should be in the other.
1 move tin amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mi. GRhSWOLl). I move to amend the sec-
tion by iuhiing thereto the words:
No dividend tdiall he declared while such sutplus does
not amount to twenty per cent.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER. I move to amend the thirty-
fourth section by insert! ng after the word " Oomp-
troller," m llie tenth tine, the woid " within"-—
a mere vubal amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I move to amend that section by
sttiking out of lines eighteen and nineteen the
woi ds, " oi if there be no newspaper m the place,
then in the newspaper published at the place near-
est iheieto." We are authorizing the establish-
nientof banks at places where there are no news*
papers. I think there should be a newspaper
before there is a bank. In this nineteenth cen-
tury we should require that there should be a news-
paper published in a town before it has a bank.
1 hope the amendment will be agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania that he oiler an amend-
ment to provide that no bank shall be allowed to
be established in any town where there is not a
newspaper.
Mr. HALE. This will accomplish that object.
There must be a newspaper in the town before a
bank is established, if we strike this out.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania if he cannot accomplish his
purpose better by requiring each of these banks
to run a newspaper?
Mr. HALE. If my amendment prevails this
section will require that there shall be a newspa-
per in the place before a bank is established. I
call for tellers on the amendment.
Telleis were ordered; and Messis. Hale and
Beaman were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes twenty-six, noes not counted.
So the amendment was rejected.
