THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
are tlio foundation of the resolution of the Senator j
from Massachusetts for his expulsion, I shall cer- !
tainly be very happy to grant him the leave so far
as 1 am concerned, and I presume that will be the
universal sense of the Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator from Michigan has
paused, I suppose, that I may respond to his sug-
gestion. Having declared generally the meaning
of those resolutions, 1 adhere to them. I will
never withdraw them, never, never.
Mr. HOWARD. Under the circumstances, sir,
before proceeding with the remarks which I had
intended to make upon this subject, I will offer an
amendment to the resolution of the Senator from
Massachusetts, which I now send to the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
\vill be read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was to strike out of the resolution the woid " ex-
pelled, "and insert m lieu thereof the words " cen-
sured bv the Senate."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question will
be on agreeing to the amendment.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I deeply re-
gret that a sense of duty as a member of this body
should require me to act the part J am about to
act in reference to the Senator from Kentucky.
I have known him for more than twenty years.
I had the pleasure to be associated with him as
a member of the Twenty-Seventh Congiess, and
during that turbulent and agitating period I had
occasion very frequently to admire his frankness,
his patriotism, and his devotion to his principles—
principles in which I sincerely sympathized with
liim. We were both acting in promotion of the
same political objects, both in the same political
party, and I confess, sir, that when I look back
upon those ancient scenes, my feelings are hurt
to be obliged lo throw myself into a position of
antagonism to him who was then my friend and
political associate. But for all this, sir, he must
pardon me, at least excuse me; I feci that there
is a duty due from me to this body and to the
country.nnd that duty impels me to takeasome-
what particular notice of the series of resolutions
offered by the Senator from Kentucky which
form the foundation upon which is based the res-
olution of the Senator fiom Massachusetts for
his expulsion.
On the 5th of January the honorable Senator
from Kentucky presented to this body a series of
very singular resolutions, and asked the Senate to
order them to be printed. The Senate made the
Older. They were printed at the public expense,
and are now pending before us. They are reso-
lutions intended for consideration; we are asked
to pass our judgment upon them. We are asked
to vote for them, and to adopt them as the senti-
ments of the Senate of the United States, one of
the legislative branches of the Government. In
l ho course of this singular series, the Senator from
Kentucky,after alh gmg vaiious gtoutids of com-
plaint against the Executive Government of the
United States and the action of what he calls the
dominant party in the loyal States, uses this lan-
guage:
,£ Verily, the people North and the people i-M.tifh ought
to revolt against then wai leader*, and take tins <rie.it mat-
ter into then own hand-, and elect member to a national
convention of all the Strife*, to terminate a wai that Is
cuudting hundreds of thousands of olheers, plnndcieis,and
spoil.-nieii in the loyal States, and Uneaten-- the ma-ses of
both tactions with irietnevable bankiuptcy and indefinite
slaughter; and to reptoic then Union ami common Govern-
ment upon fiiegieat punoiples of liberty and eompiomi-e
devised by Washington and !u^ a^oeiates "
And it is for the utterance of the sentiments
contained in this clause which i have read that
the Senator from Massachusetts offeiod theieso-
lution for his expulsion. Now, sir, I think i may
say, without vanity, that I am too old and too
well acquainted with the import of the English
language to find it necessary to resort to diction-
aiies, whether English, Fiench, or Latin, forihe
purpose of ascertaining t he meaning of the word
" revoltIt is not capable of discussion or dis-
putation m the connection m which it is used in
this sentence. The implication is plain and mc-
sistible that the wotd ''revolt," as used here, is
a revolutionary rising against the Government
of the United States: an insurrectionary, violent,
and hloodv rising against the Government of our
common country. Such I regaidas its meaning.
The school-boy m the gentleman's own State, fif-
teen yeam bid,is justas capable of giving the true
interpretation of this language as he is or as 1 am.
He is under no misapprehension in regard to it.
When he hears the word " revolt," in this con-
nection, the idea at once and irresistibly suggests
itself to his mind that the thing intended is a vio-
lent, unlawful revolution against the Government,
a bloody msunection^the object and aim of which
are the entiie subveision and overthrow of the
Government of the United States as now admin-
istered.
Sir, I cannot sit in my seat in this body and
allow sentiments of this sort to be uttered with-
out expressing my rebuke in some form or other.
We are engaged in a war, a civil war; if you
please, sir, a fratricidal war; a war which is ex-
acting from us the exertion of all the faculties of
the Government, the people, the nation; a war not
merely for the restoration of the Government in
the insurrectionary districts, but for its preserva-
tion and perpetuation for all time to come; a war
which is covering our land with blood. It has
already drenched the fair fields of Kentucky with
fraternal blood. There, as in other places, brother
rises up m arms against brother, son against
father, and father against son. The issue is sim-
ply this: whether we shall maintain the authority
of the Government of the United States as estab-
lished by the Constitution, or whether we shall
abandon the struggle,giving the rebels their way,
and finally succumb m our effort, thus acknowl-
edging that theie is not in theGovernmentof the
United States vigor sufficient to maintain its own
authority, its own existence, his at this anxious
moment, m the midst of this deadly struggle, that
the Senator from Kentucky asks the masses of the
people to rise against their rulers in tumultuous
insurrection, and by a revolt hurl them from
power.
But, sir, the Senator from Kentucky denies that
such a meaning is fairly to be imputed to his lan-
guage. I intend to ticat both him and his reso-
lutions fauly; and in what I have to say I shall
observe the plain duty incumbent upon me, to
confine myself exclusively to the record which
he has made of his own opinions; that is, to the
resolutions he has submitted to the Senate. The
Senator from Kentucky declares in a speech which
he made to the Senate by way of comment on
these lesolutions:
"Now, Mr. Purulent,! ask gentlemen to rend this whole
series of resolution*. I deny that theic is n sentiment or
an exhortation hi them inviting to indirection, rebellion,
or war, or military violence."
He then proceeds in the course of his remarks
to read two of his resolutions, and again declares:
kk I uttoilj controveit the po-ation that there is any insur-
rection invited or stimulated in these icsolutions, o"i m any
one of the scries-. The revolutions institute, or attempt to
institute, a hold and a frank investigation ot tile piineiples
and mca-aires of this Administration," 8tc.
Mr. President, the resolutions of the Senator
from Kentucky are belme this body subject to be
acted upon, and lie is desirous that we shall act
upon them. It is not foi him, having thus wiit-
ten out the instrument and submitted it for our
consideration, to set up to be its sole expositor.
I le is not at this stage of the proceeding to be al-
lowed to sijivo it his own particulargloss or pecu-
liar comment. It is for us as well as him to con-
strue and interpret the instalment; and ho must
certainly have the charity to believe that some of
us at least are equal to himself in the power of
amlysis m matters of language, and that we are
as aide as he to comprehend the meaning which
this wiitten instrument expresses, I cannot, for
one, accept his commentary. I must be bound by
the meaning as expressed m the instrument, and
not in the commentary.
1 shall now ask the indulgence of the Senate
for a few moments while I call their attention to
a few clauses and expiessions contained in this
series, for (lie purpose of ascertaining, if possi-
ble, from those clauses and expressions, what
I weie and are the Senator's real opinions and sen-
timents, his real design in olTm ing the resolutions;
and I will begin with the very sentence which is
the foundation of the resolution now before us.
The Senator from Kentucky says:
'• Verily, the people North and the people South ought to
revolt against then war leaden#, and take litis great matter
into their own hands.''
The people North and the people South ought
to do th's. They ought to tak" this great matter,
that is the war, the question of the continuance
or discontinuance of the war, into their own
hands. Can H be doubted that the meaning of
this language is, that it is the duty or the right of
the whole people North and South to take the
matter of this war into their own hands, without
any reference to legislation, without any reference
whatever to an election, or to any other matter or
thing, and to dispose of it in their primary pop-
ular capacities without reference to law, Consti-
tution, or anything of the kind ? It seems to me
there can be no doubt of it. The people Noith
and the people South are called upon to levolt
against their war leaders. Who are their war
leaders? Not solely the President of the United
States and the Executive Government, but both
Houses of Congress. The Congress of the Uni-
ted States have the power to control this war in
ail its particulars. The Congress of the United
States vote supplies of men and money for the
prosecution of the war; and if there are war lead-
ers, it is as plain that the two Houses ot Congress
comc within this category as that the President
comes within it. The Houses of Congress are
war leaders. The President is a war leader. His
generals in the field are war leaders. The Sena-
tor from Kentucky invokes the people North and
the people South to rise and revolt against their
war leaders, and take the issue of this war into
their own hands, without reference to law, with-
out reference to the action of Congress, or to any
other instrumentality known to the Government.
He proceeds:
" And elect members to a national convention of all the
States, to terminate a war that is eniichmg hundreds of
thousands of officeis, plunderers, and spoilsmen in the loyal
Suue*., and threatens the masses of both sections with irre-
trievable banluuptcy and indefinite slaughter; and to re-
stoKxtheii Union and common Government upon the great
principles of liberty and compromise devised by Washing-
ton and his associates."
How is this convention to be elected? He calls
upon the people in their original capacity, both
at the Noith and at the South, to revolt, to take
the question of this war into their own hands, and
cloct a national convention. The Senator from
i Kentucky knows well enough that it is not com-
i potent for the people of the United States, whether
| at the North or at the South, to elect membeisof
! a national convention for any purpose whatever
! without the consent of Congress. There are hut
I two modes of amending the Constitution. The
! first is, wheie the Congress shall recommend or
; propose certain definite amendments to be acttd
j upon by the vaiious States. The second mode,
| where two thirds ofthc several States of the Union
: call upon Congress to call a national convention;
j but no national convention can possibly exist,
i let me tell the Senator fiom Kentucky, without
'• the consent of the body of which he and I aie
I members.
! This resolution entirely ignores those legal
; forms requin-d by the Constitution. Instead of
j calitng upon Congress to summon a national con-
! vention, instead of calling upon the State Legis-
; latures to instruct Congress to do this, the Sena-
1 tor from Kentucky calls upon the people to rise
| in their primary capacity and meet in national
I convention and so amend the Constitution as, in
! his language, "to restore the Union and Consti-
| tution upon the great principles of liberty and
I compromise adopted by Washington and his
associates."
That clause of his resolutions is plainly no
! appeal to any constitutional mode of altering the
; Constitution, but one directly to a revolutionary
| mode of doing so. Where would it end? Who
' could control the results? Who would be under
an obligation to obey the final decree? What peo-
ple are to be called together m national conven-
tion for this great purpose? Would the Senator
• from Kentucky allow the rebels in arms to par-
ticipate in this convention? Certainly he would!
Ceitainlyhe invites it! The resolution recog-
nizes the right of the rebels in arms to participate
m this " election" as much as the loyal people at
their quiet homes. It would appear from this
that so far as the Senator is concerned, he is just
ns much attached to the lebels now seeking to
destroy the Government of his country, and to
expel him from his homo and his fireside, as to
the loyal portion of the population now endeav-
oring to resist their bloody violence. Sir, this is
■ a spirit of charity toward the rebels, I confess,
in which I do not sympathize. I do not under-
stand that kind of loyalty which occupies an
attitude ol indifference between pai ties like those
now engaged in deadly combat the one against
