2366
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 19,
to have had? The trade with the provinces had i
always been in our favor. It increased rapidly
with the increasing- population on either side of
the line, bearing about the same relative propor-
tion from year to year. Rut the tieaty went into
operation. Population and business continued
to increase as rapidly as ever, but all at once the
whole trade changed, and instead of exporting
three dollars and importing one we were import-
ing for the first time more than we exported !
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Ward]
gravely said yesterday that this was not a crite-
rion by which to determine the value of trade;
that whether the balance was against us or not
still we'derived a benefit from it. He has forgot-
ten the exhibition which took place in this House
two or three weeks ago, when for the purpose of
checking tins balance of trade against us with Eu-
ropean nations we added fifty per cent, to our
tariff. lie has forgotten the attempt made all
over the country by patriotic women to restrict
themselves in what is perhaps one of their strong-
est desires, that of diess, for the purpose of dimin-
ishing this foieign trade. The desire of statesmen
has been that we should not import so much, but
that, as in 1861. our relations in trade with foreign
countries should be pat upon a satisfactory basin,
so that the price of exchange should be knocked
down and with it the price of gold.
The gentleman from New Yoik, [Mr. Stf.b-
bins,] in his able specch upon the resources of the
country the other (lay, said that if it was in his
power he would draw a Chinese wall around our
trade, and have no intercourse with foreign coun-
tries, rather than have this balance against us.
And when the gentleman fiom New York who
spoke yesterday [Mr. Ward] can demonstiate
that the fanner had better buy of the trader, year
after year, a great deal more than he sells, and, for
the balance, mortgage the old farm, then he can
demonstrate that a treaty winch takes away a
balance ot ^16,000,000 in our favor,ami conveits
it into a balance of two or three million dolhus
against us, is profitable to us. Until ho accom-
plishes that he must conclude with me that that,
treaty is nothing but an injury, and that con-
stantly,
11. it was supposed that as this looked towaid
free trade eommeice would be largely benefited.
Ship-builders and ship-owners weie, "lbr that rea-
son, in favor of the treaty. But it wasof no man-
ner of benefit to the ship-owners. The whole in-
crease of provincial trade comes to in provin-
cial bottoms. J know that m my own Stale, in a
profitable little eddy of piovmcial tiade, their are
those willing to foster the treaty at the expense,
of the whole country, and they talk of this treaty
as benefiting commerce.
But this treaty, ns the Committee on Commerce
proposes to extend it, will thtow open our coast-
ing trade to these provinces. Thmc is no logical
reason, if the treaty be continued and extended,
why our coasting trade should not be made fiec,
Tim coasting trade now embraces two thirds of
our whole tonnage. Om registered tonnage has
been under the ban of the Alabama and other
Hritish pirates. I ( has greatly dim unshed, till now
it is h-md to find the A meric.m flag anywhere upon
the oe.jan. It is now proposed to let this coast-
ing tiade open to the ptovincials, and thus sub-
ject the hai dy men scattered along our coast, v\ ho
pay our taxes and upon whom in peace and war
the Government must lean for support, to a com-
petition with people who have cheaper wood,
cheaper iron, and chenpei laboi, The pioviuces
could always build vessels andsail them a s cheap
as we could, and now that tln-y go untaxed, how
could our coastois maintain a <-om p< t ition with
them if placed on the same footing' WoVd not
the coasting trade folio w th<  foreign, and on; "en-
rolled and licenced" tonnage dnnin'sh as rapidly
ax the " legistcred" has done withm the past tlnee
yeats?
In these paiticubus the treaty lias failed to
meet, the expectations of those who so dibgrmly
got it up. I he i epoi t of the CoUtM I tit c Oil CO'll-
ioeico speaks of the free navigation of the St.
Lawrence, which is secured by the treaty; and
how valuable this grant has been to is shown
by the h-iter of the Secretary to winch 1 have al-
ready refern d. Lappeais by that, up to the latest
dates, forty vessels had availed themselves of it, j
making an avmn^e ot live vessels a year. In the I
last four years there have been but eleven of our |
vessels that have^one to sea through this river.
Should the efiCect of repealing the treaty be to
withhold this boqn of the " free navigation of the
St. Lawrence," about which so much was said
prior to 1854, it is to be hoped the lake commerce
will be able to survive the loss!
I now call the attention of the House to a seri-
ous loss of revenue which the Government sus-
tains every day duiing the continuance of the trea-
ty. It cannot be estimated at less than $10,000,000
per annum.
When the treaty went into operation wo were
collecting about one million three hundred thou-
sand dollars of duties on imports from the prov-
inces. Since then we have not received enough
to pay the salaries of officials along the lines. We
should restore these duties, and, following the
Canadian example, add to them largely.
The impoit from the provinces is over twenty
millions annually, and could well bear a taxation
of $3,000,000, by means of a tariff, which would
have the effect to thiow a portion of its own bur-
dens upon the foreign producer.
Thm is a direct loss to the Government. But
there is another, equally large, which results from
the admission of provincial products. While the
treaty lasts we are unable to tax our own manu-
factures. Take, for instance, the lumber trade,
it is v^ry large, ranking in the census list as third
among our manufactures. It is ordinatdy a close
business, requiring large outlays and producing
small compensation by way of peicentage on the
capital employed. The uncertainties attending it
are nearly as great as those of the fisheries.
Hut it is carried on by a vigorous class of men.
The war has shown them to he among the tough-
est and haidiest men in the country. Amid many
discouragements they produce annually neatly a
hundred million dollars' worth of vanous kinds of
lumber. The census gives the product of ItiGO
at, $%,0(K),UUU. This goes into the hands of par-
ties who can well afford to pay the enhanced price
caused by the manufactui tug tax. Hut suppo.se
the tax is laid upon it now, what would be the
result ? in all cases where the provincial lumber
merchant could leach f he market at the same price
of transpoi tanon, he would take the supply and
drive off the American manufacturer. The differ-
ence of one or two dollars per thousand would be
fatal toour people engaged m that trade. The prov-
inces are celebrated for their valuable forests. It
forms their distinguishing characteristic, and up
to this time it has been their policy to encourage
lumbermen by permitting them to operate on Gov-
ernment laiuls at small rates of compensation.
Oh this account our people engaged m the same
trade Hud these piovmcial operatois sharp com-
petitors, and no mteiest has been so badly dam- 1
lined by the operation of the reciprocity treaty-*
as that of lumbet. Abrogate the treaty and yuu
may tax the lumber imported from the pio\mces
a handsome sum. It amounts ordmauly to be-
tween three and four million dollars annually.
The produce! will pay his .share of that tax.
Vmt'uer than this you can tax our own lumber-
men the same as other manufacturers, and they
can do as other manufacture!a do—get as much
as they can out of their customers and pay the
balance themselves In this way a considerable
sum can be obtained for our d< pieted 'Treasury.
The same thing may be said of (lour. The
original internal revenue bill, in 3W(W, assessed a
tax ol ten cents a barrel upon iloui. This would
have given a revenue of neaily two million dol-
iais. ihit it was istueken out becau.se of Cana-
dian competition und'-r the leciprocity treaty.
These as tides, lumber, f'sh, and the cereals—
teinied, m th" elaborate language of the negotia- 1
turns that led to the treaty, tin* pmducts of the !
sea, the forest, and the faun—are the chief arti- '
el- s we reei ivc from the piovinces. On an nv- j
er.ige of years, they are about two thirds the j
whole import. On«x yar since the tieaty they i
wei e valued at ^15, Id',),070. and the whole impoi t
fro i,l the provinces \\ a < but i I 9,.'i:!.,l,4.)5.
Ileekoiii'ig the loss by th" admis.aon of articled
duty free and by tlw uuced omission to lax our
own production, and tii«- loss to the levenue can-
not be less than *,10,000,000 annually so long as
the treaty shall continue in force.
Of course, if the treaty has failed m the respects
I have mentioned, it must be regarded as a busi-
ness failure. If our total exports have lessened
since it went into operation, and particularly if
our export of manufactured articles has dimin-
ished, and if in the mean time our commerce
has not been benefited by additional employ-
ment, if the large fishing interest is anxious to
put an end to this arrangement because of the
detriment it receives from it, and if the revenue
suffers greatly by its continuance, then I say, as
a commercial arrangement it has not answeied
the expectations which gave it existence, and it
should be abrogated.
On the other hand, the provinces have very
largely increased their export to us. They have
run it up until the balance of trade has been in
their favor, and we were obliged to send them
gold for the surplus. They have increased their
tariff, and thus added to the revenue derived from
their connection with us. Their fishermen have
been benefited by free access to our market, and
their ship-yards have been busy supplying new
vessels for the American tiade. In all respects
they have been the happy recipients of the ben-
efits of this treaty and we the unfortunate losers.
And still, notwithstanding this sorry exhibit
of the results of the workings of this treaty, I find
there is some hesitancy about acting. Some doubt
the expediency of giving the notice required by
the treaty for fear of the effect of such action on
our foreign political relations.
Let us see how that is. No doubt that politi-
cal considerations had great weight in getting up
the treaty. The fiee-trade idea had impiessed
itself upon Congress. Members somehow had
become penetrated with the notion that custom-
houses were to be abolished. A small revenue
was to lie got, they did not know how, and then
we were to leave all traders to enjoy unlimited
liberty of action. It was universally thought the
" world was governed too much."
Our immense domestic trade between the differ-
ent States was frequently cited as a result follow-
ing the lemoval ofall lestnetions. The cclebiatcd
leport of Mi. Walker, when Secretary of the
Treasui ym JS4G, goes into these calculations large-
ly, and exhibits the e no i mo us volume of trade t hat
could be carried on with the world if intercourse
was as free with foreign States as between our
own States. And many iciird upon the mollify-
ing influences of increased trade to bring about
annexation of the provinces to this Government.
It was a time of " manifest destiny." We had
obtained new Territories on the south and west
by purchase and by war, and now we were to
win still more valuable acquisitions on the north
and east by tlie gentler modes of trade. We wei o
granting h.igu tavors, and we expected a kind of
piovmci.il gratitude m return which would yield
substantial results.
The calculation win somewhat simple, but it
had its influence. It ignuied the fact that the pro-
vincial gets his political opinions fioni the mother
Government. He is but an adjunct. He may bo
a Liberal,but he runs madovi r the idea of royalty.
The sentiment of devotion to the Butish Ciown
is much more intense in Cape Town or Halifax
than m Pail-Mall or Charing-Cross, and the idea
of separation from the Uritish Gov ei nment would
shock the nerves of every prnvmei.d legislator this
side the Atlantic, while it v  uuld be irceivcdwilh
the utmost complacency in the lmpirial Paiha-
ment.
When I say that there is hesitancy in some
quarters about acting m this matter for lear of the
effect. I do not mean because of any doubt about
the sufficiency of the experiment m the particu-
lars 1 have mentioned. This fiee-tiadc and an-
nexation nonsense has been knorkud out of our
people long ago. Nobody tolerates such an idea
now. The truth is, we have received a i ude chock
in the last three yeat s m our intercourse with ioi -
eign nations. We begin to be impressed with
the wisdom of Washington's Farewell Address
when he s.ud w e "should constantly keep ni view
that it is folly m one nation talook for disinter-
ested favors from ."mother-," and I do not know
that we should be bhumd if we went further and
ogreed with Napoleon that " nations hato each
other." We discover at last that amid all the
piotesbions of niendship which diplomats loake
along with that "distinguished consulou-hon"
winch always marks their intercourse, the Lon-
don Times hits it more nearly when u says:
£' nut while the UcpuMie \v;i- (.vedoi'i.ie? and overshad-
owing u«, wlhle it t'tretcla d iu liinu- and. raided its tones
to the fceale oi a giant, it \va:s liupubMbk but that our syrn-
