1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1391
Mr. KiVLBFLEISCH. i move to amend the
thirty-fifth section by inserting after the word
"stock," in the thud line, the words "or the
shares of the capital stock of any bank estab-
lished under the provisions of this act;" so that
the section will lead:
That no association shall make any loan or discount on
the security of the shares ol its own capital stock, 01 the
shares of the capita! *tock of any bank established under
the ptovisions of tins act. nor be the purchaser or holder
of any Mich share*, unless such security or purchase shaii
be necessary to prevent loss upon a debt pieviouslv con-
tracted m good faith, See.
I offer that amendment simply for the purpose
of preventing these banks from doing what is
vulgarly called on Wall street "kite-flying."
They may take the shares of one bank to another
and receive the same complement of shares of that
bank and loan them on their own stock. If the
object of establishing a bank is to facilitate com-
mercial transactions by loaning money to persons
who want to use it for legitimate purposes, that
is one thing; but if it is for the cxpiess pui pose
of flooding the country with paper money and
borrowing from Peter to pay Paul, they should
not be allowed to loan money upon any stock.
Th e amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to amend the thirty-
sixth section by sinking out in lines nine and ten
the words, " against money actually on deposit to
the credit ofsuch association, or due thereto;" so
that the section will read:
Set. 38. And he it fuither enacted, That no association
shall at any time he indebted, or in any wav liable, to an
amount exercdius the amount ot it-1 capital stock at such
time actually paid in ami i emauung undiminished by looses
or othei wise. ex-M-pt on the follow msr accounts, that i-? to
bay lii>t, on account ot its note-; of circulation ; second,
on account ol iikum'),- deposited with, oi eolh'i ted by, such
association ; thud, on account ot In IN ol exciiaii-/^ ol di.ifts
drawn; tbuith, on account ol liabilities to Us stockholder
for dividend:- and ieBcived proms.
I do not see why those words should remain in.
The amendment was disagteed to.
The thirty-ninth suction was read, as follows:
Sec. 39. And be it fuithci tnuctcd, That no a-soeiatipn
shall at an\ t.me pay out on loaiwor (li<ci)iii!t-3nr in pin.
chasing diatt* or bills ot exchange, or in pa} incut ot de-
posits, or m an> o'her mode put m emulation the notes
of any hank or banking association not without d hv this
act. not any notes which shall not at <tn\ >uch tune bo le-
ceivuble at par, on deport, and in payment ui debts by the
association mi paj uiij out oi cnculating s>uch notes*; nor
Phail it knowingly pay out oi put m eucukaion any notes
issued i>y an> bank or banking as^ociauon which at the
time or such paying out or putting in enculation is not ie-
dcemii!!,' its caculaung note.s m lawful moncv of tiie Uni-
ted States.
Mr. HOOPER, i move to amend that section
by inserting after the word " time,"in the second
line, the words "after tiie4tii day of July, lb'65."
Mr. CEAMAN. I move to amenxl the amend-
ment by substituting " ItiGG" for " 1865."
Mr. HOOPER. i accept that amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER. 1 nio\c now to insci t after the
word " nor," in the sixth line, the words "shall
it at any time pay out as afoiosaid."
The amendment wns agreed lo.
Mr. STEVENS. I now move to strike out the
whole section. The committee will perceive that S
this section prohibits a bank instituted under this
act horn receiving, paying out, or doing busi-
ness upon any other notes of any other banks,
no matter how good they may be.
Now, sir, I think, in the first place, that that is
very unjust to all the other banks, and in the next
place it is very unjust to these banks themselves.
1 do not believe that s\ bank established upon these
principles can ever receive deposits to any lais;e
amount, or can ever do a business worth attend- j
ing to. Suppose there are two banks in the town
in which I live, oneanationa! bunk and theother \
a State bank. A merchant takes in all the money j
which ciiculates as currency in that country, lie :
goes in the evening to make his deposits in one of I
these national banks, and is toid that the bills he \
presents cannot be received, that the law prohibits
the national banks fiom receiving or paying out
any such notes as these. The merchant would j
at once say that he must go to a ban): that will '
receive them on deposit; and he goes accordingly :
to the neighboring bank, taking away ins busi- i
ness from the national bank and transferring it to ;
a State bank not thus prohibited. I do not be- i,
lievu it possible for hanks established under this \
system to do any business worth attending to. '
And such is the opinion of the principal bankers jj
that I have seen since this has been published.
Mr. HOOPER.. I hope that the amendment of
my colleague [Mr. Stuvens] will not prevail. I
think he misapprehends the effect of this section.
I have consulted with a great many bankers in
regard to it, and I have found that they approve
of the section. Its object is to prevent a bank
paying out any notes that it is not willing to re-
ceive.
Mr. STEVENS. May I ask my colleague
whether the banks are not confined, in this sec-
tion, to the notes of the national banks?
Mr, HOOPER. No, sir.
Mr. STEVENS. Then the bill does not ex-
press the gentleman's meaning.
Mr. HOOPER. As amended, the section does
not confine them to the notes of the national
banks. The prohibition is to their paying them
out. The object is to prevent any bank from put-
ting m circulation notes that it is not willing to
receive. In the experience of past times we have
seen banks, which generally have a premonition
when a bank is getting into trouble, paying out
its notes, notes which they knew would be, the
next day, notes of a failed bank. By thus pay-
ing them out and putting them into the hands of
their customers they avoid loss themselves. The
object of this section is to prevent any such prac-
tice.
Mr. PRICE. I would inquire of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts whether, under the sec-
tion as amended, these banks cannot pay out,
until July, 3SGG, nil sorts of trash.
Mr. HOOPER. We hope they would not
do so.
Mr. PRICE. But, as your colleague justly ob-
served a while ago, it would be hoping against
hope m tins case.
The question being on Mr. Stevens's amend-
ment,
Mr. STEVENS. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the last word. If I under-
stand this section at all, it reads just as I stated
before. The.se banks are not allowed to take any
notes except the notes of the nntionnl hanks, and
they aie not allowed to take all of them unless
they are current. But they are allowed to take
no other, nor to do business m any other, if ever
so cuiivnt. My colleague [Mr. Hooper] is cer-
tainly mistaken. I-Ie forgets that the principal
bankers of Chicago, Cincinnati, and other places,
who were before us, protested against this sec-
tion, and declared that they could do no business
under it. My colleague, however, says that the
principal bankers agreed to it. That must be an
error of memory on his part.
Mr. HOOPER. Will my colleague allow me
to interrupt him?
Mr. STEVENS. Certainly. I
Mr. HOOPER. The first amendment that 1 j
introduced was to meet the objection of these i
gentlemen, and lliey gave their consent to it and !
were entirely satisfied. !
Mr. STEVENS. That must have taken place 1
in my absence. It did not take place before the '
Committee of Ways and Means. That is all 1 j
say. 1 say that these banks should be allowed J
to deal in just such notes as other banks are a!- ,
lowed to dt al in. J f they are willing to take them, i
and if others are willing to receive them, there '
should be no obstacles pur in their way. Other- ,
wise you will ctipple these institutions and give ,
all the benefits to Stale banks. I withdraw my !
amendment <o the amendment.
Mr. HALE, i renew the amendment to the
amendment, striking out the last woid. The
n mend mem pioposed by the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Hooper] is an admission thathe
cannot goctilon? with the section as it now stands.
Tiie section is notto operateuntil July, lb65, and
1 am sure that it must be postponed indefinitely
if these banks nre to get along at all. That sec-
tion would prohibit the receiving orpajmg out
the notes of the State Dank of Pittsbuig or of the
Chemical Bank of New York. It would prohibit
the issue of all the notes of State banks, which con-
stitute m my section of the country, and will for
years to come, nine tenths of the circulation, it
amounts virtually to a repudiation of the State
bank notes. A State bank may be as sound as any
bank m the country. The banks m my State, for
instance, organized under the laws of the State,
ate virtually lepudiated by this section, and their
credit will, to that extent, be impaired. Those
banks, I repeat, are, under this section, prohibited
from paying out a solitary dollar issued by any
bank m my State.
Now, I submit that such a provision is not
likely to carry into effect the objects for which
this bill was introduced. If gentlemen will strike
out this section, and have these national asso-
ciations free to receive and pay out the paper
of all banks, whether State or national, which re-
deem their notes in lawful currency, that is as far
as we ought to go. I think we ought to author-
ize these banks to receive and pay out all notes
of banks which redeem their notes in lawful cur-
rency, if the creditors of the bank are willing to
take such paper. The creditor may prefer to re-
ceive the paper of State banks, and yet by this
section they are prohibited from payingthatcred-
itor in the currrency he prefers. At all events, I
hope we shall allow the banks to pay their cred-
itots in the currency which they prefer.
I presume the object of this section is to reduce
the circulation of the State banks, but I do not
think it will have that effect. In my State the
State banks receive and pay out the notes of all
solvent banks within the State, and if this require-
ment is made of the national banks it will require
them to send special agents to all the little banks
in the remote parts of the Slate to procure the re-
demption of the currency of such banks which
they may receive, making it impossible almost
for them to do business at all under this law. I
do hope, therefore, that this section will be so
amended as to give to these national associations
the same privileges that are enjoyed by the State
banks.
I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. KASSON. I move to amend the section
by striking out the last two words of the amend-
ment.
Mr. PRICE. I rise to a question of order.
That amendmentstrikes out the " United States."
That cannot be in order. [Laughter.]
Air. KASSON. I will restore the gentleman
the United States in about two minutes.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
question of order.
Mr. KASSON. I desire to say in reply to my
friend from Pennsylvania, who has just taken his
seat, and otheis who have expressed hke opin-
ions, that perhaps they have not understood the
usages which have prevailed in several of the
States under which a necessity,in my judgment,
exists for a restrictive rule at some time for the
secuiity of the currency.
The section as it existsauthorizesallthebanks
to be created under this law to receive whatever
currency they choose, subject to only the general
rcsti ictions of banks in respect to the solvency of
the banks whose notes are presented. Butitpro-
hihits them from paying out such notes, and put-
ting them into circulation, as are not fit for circu-
lation oi ledemption. They may take in any
currency they please. There is no restriction
placed upon them in that respect.
Hut what would be the effect of extending the
same license to the notes they are to pay out?
Every bank desires to keep its own currency out
as long as possible, and it will therefore send its
own currency to some remote portion of the Union
for circulation, while it will pay out to its credit-
or in its own immediate neighborhood the notes
of other hanks, and thus place in the way of the
redemption of its notes as much difficulty as pos-
sible. It, in other words, places it in the power
of these banks to extend their circulation indefi-
nitely.
The result will be, if the section is adopted, that
these banks will receive the notes of State banks,
and keep them on hand until a reasonably large
amount has accumulated, when they will send
them to the banks by which they were issued for
redemption. With the provision now proposed,
it. will flow gradually, fiom time to time, back to
them. We have the same system in the State of
Iowa. Our State bank is authoiizcd to receive
whatever bank issues it pleases, but it is not
authorized to pay them out. The effect is, that it
takes currency that comes from distant places
and sends u back to them. I understand from my
friend from Massachusetts that that is the law in
that State. 1 think it is the law m several other
States of the Union; and I know that it oughtto
be the law where you want a solid system of
currency. It is for this reason that, I understand, .
the Committee of Ways and Means have adopted
