1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the other. Such a position of neutrality is mon-
strous; it is hostility. There is no middle ground
or post of indifference which can be occupied by
any true man. In this contest he who is not foi
us is against us.
But, sir, the animus and purpose of the Sena-
tor from Kentucky are further developed in the
few passages from his resolutions which I shall
now proceed to read. Ho. says:
" That the piesent Executive Government of the United
States has subverted5'—
That is, destroyed, annulled, put out of exist-
ence—
"for the time, in large portions of the loyal States, the free-
dom of speech, the fieedom ofthe press,"and free fcullrajje."
I will not pause to inquire into the pretended
facts which in the mind of the Senator from Ken-
tucky may serve as a foundation for this strange
assertion. 1 read it for the purpose of showing
the animus of his resolutions, for the purpose of
showing the very thing he had in view when he
called upon the people North and the people South
to revolt against their war leaders. One of the rea-
sons for this revolt is,
u That the present Executive Government of the United
States has subvened for the tune, m lai«e portions of the
loyal States, the freedom of speech, the fieedom of the pre**,
and free suffrage."
If this be founded in truth, if there be evidence
of the fact implied in this declaration, then this
complaint against the Government of the United
States may be regarded as well founded. The
complaint is that the Government has subverted
these precious privilegts belonging to the Ameri-
can people. If the Executive Government has
thus subverted and destroyed these privileges, it
would follow not only in the mind of the Sena-
tor from Kentucky, but in that of every freeman,
that the Executive Government itself ought to be
brought to justice in some form or other. But
whether true or false, it is one of his teasons for
invoking the masses of the people uf the United
States to revolt against the authority of the Ex-
ecutive Government and the authority of Con-
gress; he believes it to be true, and so believing
recommends—what every freeman of proper spirit
would recommend m case no other remedy were"'
practicable—a revolt against the intolerable op-
pression.
I may be imperfectly informed upon the sub-
ject of this alleged suppression of the freedom of
the press and of speech; it is very possible that i
i may not possess all the information upon this |
subject possessed by theSenator from Kentucky; j
but so far'as 1 have been informed, and so far as I
I believe, there has been no case, and i challenge '
the Senator from Kentucky to produce a single
case where there has been any attempt on the part
of the Executive Government, in wielding the mil-
itary power of the nation, to suppress any news-
paper or suppiess fieo speech in any form what- ■
ever, where that in.e speech has not indicated a j
heart at war with the Government of the country '
and a sympathy with tiie traitors in the field— j
not a case ! Is Lhat the kind of free speech which 1
is so nearand clear to the Senator from Kentucky? !
Would he, if the question were put to him to-day, j
say to every editor within the limits of the Urn- ;
ted States, whether loyal ordisloyal," I shall not j
by any means be displeased to have you denounce '
the Government of your own country, and by !
means of your piess to stir up insurrection and i
resistance to the authority of your Government:
Would lie Gviy to any editor that such conduct i
was proper or even allowable? No, sir; he would I
not. It js impossible that a loyal man could hesi- j
tate for one moment on such a question. i
Freedom of the prevs! Sir, what is it? What ■
is that peculiar franchise or privilege which we 1
mean by the " freedom of the press?" The Con- 1
solution declares that Congress shall pass no act
abridging the fieedom of speech or of the prec-s.
1 need not say to the Senatot from Kentucky lhat -
the sole meaning and intent of that c!au>e N, Unit ■
there shall be no censorship of the press (>y< reised
before publication. It was s.mply intended osan
abrogation of that preioaative of the Ciown of
England by which, in ancient times, the king
sumed the power or'licensing the punt .rg of book.-',
and prohibiting the publication ofany 1-ut  uch as
were protected under his liceu^. Wh it do our
leading statesmen and jurists say on tins subject' 1
JLet me read one wotd. Jusik e Stut y, in his (Jom-
mentanes, reaiaikmg upon ihi& same duiue, the ;
freedom of the press and the freedom of speech, !
uses this language:
'• Ii 1-. plain lhat tli" ianj.'iMue of thN amendment import-*
no moii! than th;u ovoiy man <-bail have a nirhtto s-peak,
\v  te,and psnit ni- opinions upon any subject whatsoever,
without an\ pnot re?.;rdnt,s0 always that he docs not injure
any other pet --oh in /tis right*) pet son, ]>ropei ty, oY reputa-
tion. and so always that he does not disturb the public peace or
attempt to subvert the G(j vkrn.uent.5'
This language does not seem to justify the idea
that a restraint upon a disloyal press, vomiting
forth iis treason day by day, stirring up discon-
tent, mutiny, and even violence among the loyal
people, is a violation of the Constitution of the
United States, oi a violation of the freedom of the
press. Like other lights, this is to be used in
subordination to the public welfare—used to sup-
port and not to destroy the Government; and he
is little better than a madman who claims to use
it for the very purpose of breaking in pieces the
shield by which it is protected.
But, again, the Senator from Kentucky, to jus-
tify his invocation to the people North and'the
people South to lise in ivvolt against their Gov-
ernment, uses the following language. Speaking
of the Executive Government of the United States,
he declares that—
" If luis utdamed at pleasure <i military despotism in the
loyal State*, by means of eouit^-martinl, provost niai^hal?,
and military forces, governed neither by law, pimciples,
uoi rule^, (torn whose tyiaiaiyand oppressions no man ean
claim immunity; all of whieh imi«t he repudiated and
swept away by the sovereign people."
"All of which"—that is, courts-martial, pro-
vost marshals, military forces—" must be swept
away"—not by law, not by an honest peaceable
election, but "by the sovereign people." Sir, 1
regard this as a dircct invocation to the people of
the United States to use in insurrection against
their Government for the purpose, among other
purposes, of abolishing and doing away with
couits-martial. Courts-martial are to be "swept
away by the. sovereign people." I ask the Sen-
ator from Kentucky to inform me in what way
the sovereign people are to sweep away courts-
martial and provost marshals and military au-
thority? In what way is he to reach this object?
In no other but by mobocratic violence. Courts-
martial are a part of the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States. The Senator need not be told that they
are as much provided for, and their existence and
functions as completely guarantied, by the Con-
stitution as are civil courts for the trial of issues
between man and man, or for the punishment of
crime. An amendment of the Constitution of the
United States declares, what was not embiaced in
the old Constitution, that
" No pe *on shall bo held to answer for a capital or oth-
erwise infamous ei inn1 unless on a presentment oi indict-
ment ol a grand juiy, cxcept in eases arising in Ike land or
naval cci, or in the mihbia,v.hen in actual service, in time
of uar oi public d:w^ci.')
How are the sovereign people to change that
clause of the Constitution; how but by rising in
re vol t against the Govern men t of the United States,
and their constituted authorities? Can Congress
by any act of legislation abolish courts-martial,
whether they are good or whether they are bad?
No, sir, the Constitution has guarantied their ex-
istence; and I beg to inquire of the Senator from
Kentucky in what way he would administer
jiifstice and punish crimc m the military or naval
.service of the United States if not by means of
cants-martial and provost marshals, for the pur-
pose of performing the functions piopeily per-
taining to them ? Su , this is a declaration dneedy
agam&L the Constitution of the United States, it
invokes insurrection. It was intended to invoke
insurrection for the puipose not of preserving
the Constitution, for the Constitution presei ves
courts-martial, but foi the purpose of overthrow-
ing the Constitution. Such is the blind hatred, it
would seem, of some persons—I wish I eould ox-
eept the Senator fior.i Kentucky—against courts-
martial.
But all this, it seems, " must be repudiated and
s\Vept nway by the sovereign people." Wlut
sovereign people? The "peop'e of the Nor'h and
the people of the South the rebels as well as the
f:jem's ot ibe Government1 It would «e«-m so.
TV iv t is rneanf by " ^e\ eiesgn people" m (his con-
nection ? I^'iiril v an e.noi itemized tumul uour gath-
eunu. Tins Government is a reptufaenfaUve do- |
mociacy ;a Government m which the people acting !
m then primary eapae.ity have nothing to do with I
the enactment of law o. That duty is per formed by I
their representatives chosen according .to the forms
prescribed by the laws where the elections are
held.
Again, sir, the Senator from ICe/itucky declares
<k Thnt as the Constitution and laws afford no means to
ex< hub'f.om the office of President a man appointed to it by
mihtaiy power, or who is declared to be chosen to it.by
reason ot the euppresaion of the freedom of election, as by
the exclusion of legal voteis from the polls, or by any otker
means, the people of the United States would be meom>-
pctent to defend and unworthy to have received the rich
hentugo of freedom bequeathed to them by their fathers,
it they pei nut that great office so to be filled, or in any other
mode than by their own free suffrages."
We arc to have a presidential election in the
coming November. A President is to be elected,
not by the people, but by electors chosen forthat
purpose by the people. The Senator from Ken-
tucky had this fact m view. He was aware that
the people do not choose the President. They
choose the instruments who choose the President.
If I understand this resolution propeily, its mean-
ing and intent is this: that in case any portion of
the people of the United States shall, after this
election, take it into their iieads that there was
military interference at the polls, that the Army
or the military officers of the Army had in any
way interfered in the elections held by the people
for the choice of electors of President, then it will
be the right of that discontented portion, however
few or however numerous that portion may be,
to declare that the election of President under such
influences is void; that the President-elect will
have no right to assume the presidential func-
tions, and must be prevented by force if neces-
sary. A more direct invocation to violence and
bloodshed, a more dircct appeal to the discon-
tented or defeated portion of the people of the
United States, cannot be made. It is declaring al-
most in so many words that "if you, the domi-
nant. party, shall elect a President, and at the polls
where this election is held military power shall
have been introduced for any purpose whatever,
we, the defeated party, will rise in rebellion and
prevent, by force, your President from being in-
stalled in office."
In order to cap the climax and to give emphasis
and point to this strange revolutionary sentiment,
the Senator says that unless the people of the
United States shall thus resist they will be "tm-
ivorlhy to have received the rich heritage of freedom,
bequeathed to them by their fathers." Sir, our fa-
thers bequeathed to us a Government of law. Our
fathers did not bequeath us a Government by an
unorganized and infuriated mob. This is not the
sort of constitutional freedom and compromise
which the gentleman mentions in another resolu-
tion as having been handed down tousby Wash-
ington and his associates. Washington and his
associates resorted to nopopular violence. They
made no invocations to unorganized popular as-
semblages. They were law-abiding statesmen.
They were the fathers of the Constitution. No-
body was more sensible than Washington of the
necessity of preserving order under the shield of
law. But here the Senator from Kentucky, for-
getting, as it seems to me, that he is acting under
a Government of law, utters an appeal for the fu-
ture, and says to the defeated party, after the elec-
tion of 1864 shall have taken place, "if you are
defeated, and if you declare that that defeat was in
consequence of the interference of military force,
it will be your duty as freemen to interfere by vi-
olence and to prevent the installation of the Presi-
dent and totally disregard the election." If that
be not a revolutionary sentiment, an unconstitu-
tional sentiment, I am not able to perceive what '
will be. It is because the Senator from Kentucky
foresees, or professes to foresee, this interference,
that he calls upon the people North and South to
revolt against their war leaders and take this mat-
ter into'their own hands.
Again, in this indictment against the Executive
of the United States, the Senator from Kentucky
alleges that
<• Hif fthe Pie-idem's] project is to eontmuc the war <
upon slavery by hi- iurtiier u*uipations of power, and to
ijet to^i ther and buy up a dos- pouito hK'tiou of mendiepnts
and adventiuerf. m the lebe] States, give them po^ses^ion
of the poli.-t by interposing the bajonet. ass rn Mary'and,
devwere, and pomou** ol Mj--ouu and Kentucky, and to
Ke"p elf i-xul pto-j-leveiv vot'-r-, and thus to foiru bastard
constitution-* to abohuourze thoM; >States.-'J
This is another count in the indictment, that
the project of the President of the United States
" is to continue the war upon slavery by further
usurpations of jwwer, and to get together and buy
