3344
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 28.
As Eve opened to earth fche fatal apple of discord,
so the sagacious and far-seeingstatesmen of Eng-
land who understood so well the human heartand
* all its motives of action looked forward to this
question as the fatal rock upon which by her
management and guidance our great ship of State
might be made to strike and forever sink in the
depths of an unfathomable ocean.
- The honorable Senator who has brought for-
ward this measure and so many cognate measures
at this session, a man of ability, of learning, of
high traits and attractions as a gentleman, vis-
ited England under the prestige of persecution,
and cruel and brutal persecution, from the South.
His case had gone before him across the water;
it was read by the reading public of England. ;
They received him sympathetically, with open j
hearts and open arms; they caressed lum; they .
gave him their attention and their hospitality; J
they indoctrinated him, (because I learn that he j
never was an abolitionist till 1846,) though from j
entirely different motives and considerations, with :
deep, implacable, obdurate, unappeasable hostil- :
ity to slavery. The war that you, Mr. President,
and your associates have waged against the Con-
stitution, infringing the rights of the people of
another section, has been fanned and impelled
and exasperated and energized by the machina-
tions of English statesmen rind English politi-
cians, ami nil with the great, cardinal, main ob-
ject of dissolving the Union on thatfafnl sectional
rock. You, sir, are as much responsible for this
as any living man. If the Crittenden compromise j
resolutions had been accepted by you and your J
associates this, civil war would never have oc- ;
curred, this disruption of our Union never would
have taken place. If the pievious agitation of
the slave subject, if the previous infringement
and aggressions upon the rights of slaveholders
by the people of the North had never taken place,
we should not be in this lowering and dark day
when our liberties and all the hopes of the woild
in free government seem about to founder. If
you had practiced the same forbeatance in rela-
tion to slavery in the southern States that you
did in relation to slavery in Cuba and Biazil; if
you had not meddled youiselves with the subject;
if you had ceased to read about it, to talk about
it, to lecture about it, to sermonize about it, to
exciteand madden ignorance, passion, and fienzy
about it; if you had performed this office of for-
bearance and fraternity and constitutional duty,
this terrible day would never have come upon
the country.
But,sir, England knew the Puritan race; it had
originated with her; we know the Puritan race
here, it has some of the highest propeiiies that
belong to any family or class of men; but it will
not let other people's business alone. It had
agreed that the Stairs should be the exclusive
managersand have the excluMvecontrol ofall then
domestic institutions and affairs. All that was
asked was that it should practice upon that great
and fundamental piincipie of the Constitution;
but England impelled arid spuned it forward to
submit to no such thing; and why ? England knew
that in proportion as this question was raised,as
it a^giegated, as it grew in strength and occupied
the hearts and the souls of the people South and
North, it would as a subject of discord, of divis-
ion, of disruption, become resisiless in its force
and certainly produce that dissolution of the Union
which she desired as the greatest of nil results.
1 admit that ninny men in England are opposed
to slavery. The IJiitish Government liberated
the slaves in the British West India islands. They
were not liberated by their owncis; they were
liberated by men w ho had no interest in or owner-
ship of thetn. Whenever slaves' labor can bo
employed profitably to their owners, the owners
will not Jibetate them. It is because men have
the power to liberate and no interest in the con-
tinuation of the institution that slaves are liber-
ated. The history of the worid pioves that. I
admit that Bright and some of the Quaker phi-
lanthropists of England, in obedience to the ten-
els and principles and traditions of their order,
may be opposed to slavery, but what eyre the
British statesmen, the politicians, the men of the
world, the men who clutch office and power, and
whose every energy end effort and purpose is
still further to advance and develop the power
of England, the fast-anchored isle, about slavei y ?
Nothing. All the interest they feel in it is that
it shall be the fatal rock of the great Republic
upon which our ship of State shall strike and by
which it shall go down.
I have no doubt that Louis Napoleon two years
ago, and at any time within that period that he
could have procured the consent and the coordi-
nate action of England, would have recognized
the independence of the rebel States, and, if neces-
sary, would have inteifered by the power of his
fleets and his armies,combined with those of Eng-
land, as they were combined againstTurkey,for
the purpose of establishing the independence of
the rebel States. I do not doubt now that the vast
preponderance of the sympathy of the people of
England and France, and of Europe generally,
of their rulers, of their statesmen, of their poli-
ticians, is that this fatal schism between the Noi th
and the South, sectionally, (against which the 1
Father of his Country raised his warning voice in l
such wise and prophetic terms,) never shnll be
hea'cd. They want the North and the South to
proceed on in the fight of the Kilkenny cats; they
want the two combatants to be eaten all up to
their tails, and whenever one is likely to eat up the
other they will mteivene. Even before that point
m the combat is reached, Louis Napoleon will
intervene, I have no doubt,as Fiance intervened
in the levoluuonary war between the stiugghng
colonies anil the mother country. They will never
peinnt the South to be subjugated, 11 is rot their
mteiest to do so. It is not their policy to do so.
All Europe ts opposed to the reunion of this Con-
federation, except Russia, and Russia is neutral.
We have a partof the sympathies of thatGovern-
ment merely on account of our relative geograph-
ical locations. We are so far apait from each
other that no collision of interest, of ambition, of
ernpue,oi of tnule, can ever <auhe any serious
difficulty between the two commies.
Now, Mr. President, I will coneludoby reading
a short extract from a letter written by Mr Web-
ster m 1H51. It Mr. Clay and Mr. Webster had
not been living in 1S3U, d'siu'ition would pioba-
hly then have taken place. It was only their
genius, their eloquent*", t heir statesmanship, their
intellectual power, and the moial influence they
exercised over the people of the United Stuns
that then ptevented it. Mr. Webstei lost caste
at home and sacrificed much of his popularity by
the couise lie took m favor of the compionnse
measures of 1850, and in favor of that very fugi-
tive, slave law against which the Senator fiom
Massachusetts has been thundei mg all iusformi-
dable caliber. In a puvate letter to some gentle-
men in New Yolk, to be found in his Private Coi-
lespondence, volume two, page he says:
" If l have attempted to expound tin* (\ni-uuition, I lnive
attempt' d lo expound tti.lt wiiu h 1 have -.itidied with dili-
geoee and vimeiauon liom my earlv manhood to the pres
cut day."
Sir, if gentlemen here would scoff less, and
listen with a little more attention, and gt\e the
uuths enunciated by Mr. Webster, if not himself,
a little more icspeet, they would be quite as deco-
rously and profitably engaged as theyaVe now.
'* It 1 have enden> oral to deteud and uphold the f'inon of
[lie flutes*, it bcoaiiM' my lived imljrnn'nt and my unal-
teiable allection have impelled me and c-till impel me to ie -
gaid the I'mon ;i«s the only security lu< general pto-p< inv-
alid national glorj. Y<>, tjenih-nien. tin Co'ntiUitioii ami
the I'mon ! 1 place them to>vibei."
I sav, the Constitution snd the Union now and
forcvei; I say, down with and death to all their
enemies, whether internal orextenial, whether in
the form of Jeff. Dims or Abraham Lincoln, or
in any other foim. The people of the United
States owe it to themsehes, they owe it to their
great Government which their fathers formed for
them, they owe it to their posterity, they owe it
to the In 6>t and detiie&t hopes of mankind to de-
fend the Union and the Constitution to their last
and their latest breath. The Constitution and
Union cannot be sepaiatcd. Ills more impossible
to do it then to separate the Siamese twins, and
I am told by anatomists that it would be impos-
sible to sever the ligament that binds them to-
gether without causing their mutual destruction.
Certainly the Union and the Constitution of the
United States are bound togi thor moie wtaliy,
more mdissoluMy than the Siamese twins.
'• Vos, gentiem"5ij the Constitution and !h" T'nionJ I
place* them together. If tiny -uand the\ mu-t stand to-
gethei ; it'riiev tall they mu^'t tail togethei. They aie tl^e
Images vvtncli present to cveij Ameiican ins surest reli-
ance and In* btigiite-t hopes. «
'• Tt" they prn-'Ji in my d<w or afterward*. I slmil Htill leave
in the history of the times my own deep, heat tfelt, and en-
grossing conviction that they are among the gieaie^t po-
litical blessing.-. over be.-t<>\ved by Providence on mini ; ami
that if in mi}' course of di>a<trous event-*, such a* may hap-
pen to all human institutions, they should become seveiwl
and broken, even their history and their memories will con-
stitute a track of light upon which all lovers of human lib-
erty in after tinier may gaze with admiration. Yes, gen-
tlemen, Union and the Constitution !
" ♦ Fortunati ambo ! Se quid mea carmina possunt,
Nulla dies unqiiam memori vos eximet aevo,
Dam domus /Eiiete Uapitoh immobile savum
Accolet nnpeiuimque pater Romanus babeim.'
"I was not una ware, gentlemen, on the morning of the 7th
March, !a>t year, that! was entering upon a duty which,
as von suggoi t, might biing into peril that favor x\ Inch has
been bt> long tdiown me by that political juuty ivIkh; gen-
eral pnneiph's I had foi a long time steadfastly maintained.
"A crisis had arrived in winch it did not become me, as
} thought, to be indifferent and to do nothing, rttili Ie^s
did it become me to act a pint.winch .-hrmld inflame sec-
tional aintiio-itie-;, and tend to"de>troy all genuine Ameri-
can feeling and --hake the fabric of the Government to its
foundation. I was willing to trust. and am still willing to
tiu-t, tor the vindication of my motive- to the intelligent
men ot my parly and ofall pattie-. I should indeed have
been wholly unworthy of that character which it is my
highest ainbmon to maintain among mj countrymen it I
had allowed any personal pen! to bear with the weight of
a 1' ather naain^t my piofouud mmikg of public duty.
"Whatever mnv now happen, 1 ^bal-l meet it with a clear
conscience and fuin purpose; and while acting m full co-
opeiation with the gie.tt masa of out idlow-cUizens who
hold the same sentiment* that yon hold, I hhall fear noth-
ing."
Mr. WILKINSON". Mr. President, if the
Senator from Kentucky who has just taken his
seat were to go back to the Legislature that elected
him, m my humble judgment he would have to
wear a label or a card upon his back upon which
should be written," I am Gariett Davis,thcUnion
Senator fiom K  ntueky," in oidei that those who
sent him heie might recognize him. When the
honorable Senator took his seat here, thofnst
speech that he made was in favor of expelling one
Jesse D Bright, because hi5 had, as 1 think,
treasonably wntten and acted in support of this
rebellion. He next drew up a resolution to ex-
pel his own colleague because be had expressed
sympathy m favor of the southern rebellion and
was not heartily in sympathy with the present
Ad ministration, which he was bound to uphold
ami defend. In the course of the discussion on
that lesolution the honorable Senator made a very
fierce attack on his honorable colleague, which
I regret to state was responded to in language
which went to show that if his colleague was a
traitor the honorable Senator who has just taken
his sent was a much greater traitor.
Hut, sir, the Senator from Kentucky did moie;
he diew up and urged here the most ultra confis-
cation act that ever was presented to the Senate;
and yet, sir, for the last eighteen months lie has
been traducing and abusing every man who stands
on the same platform on which he stood when he
enteied the Senate. He has been so absorbed
with a passion for nullification that he thrusts it
upon the Senate whether the occasion be oppor-
tune or not, and not one man m the crowded
gal Ie ties who had not heard the subject announced
fiom the Chair could conceive from his tirade
what question was really before the Senate. To-
night, again, sii, for two hours, the honorable
Senator, without a moment's interval devoted to
any practical topic, has abused the Government
of these United States and the constituted author-
ifit ,s, He commenced with a comparison between
George HI, of England, and the Abiaham Lin-
coln, President of the United States, and between
the Cabinet of the President and the ministry of
the king. Mr. President, three years ago Judah
P. Benjamin, then Senator from Louisiana, now
secretary of state in the cabinet of the rebel chief,
stood on the othei side of this Chamber and diew
the same parallel in the coursc of the speech with
which he closed his scnatmial office here to take
up arms against the Government which had hon-
ored and supported him But there the parallel
ends, Juddh P. Benjamin, Robert Toombs, and
Jefferson Davis boldly maintained their senti-
ments; they had the courage to take .up arms
against the Government, and were willing to
abide the issue. The honrable Senator from Ken-
tucky conies into thisChambei this day undei the
folds and the protection of the stars and stupes,
and utters the same treasonable sentiments, diaws
the same treasonable parallel, hut pursues not the
same bold coutse of responsible daring in treason.
He finds it safer garrulously to reiterate forty-
times uttered speeches v the staple of which is abuse
