1394
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 1,
bonds from taxation was to give them credit and
Currency with the people. If U is taken into view
that when this war is over Stale indebtedness
and individual indebtedness by bond and mort-
gage will be wiped out in the couutiy and there
"Will be no oilier opportunity to make investment
by capitalists exccpt in the bonds of the Govern-
ment, 1 take it that the friends of this measure
will see.that it is unnecessary to exempt not only
these bonds but also the banking business from
taxation. There will be no other creditor but the
Government.
. Mr. WILSON. Can Congress delegate any
part of its power to tax to a State or to the States r
The power,'in my opinion, to levy a tax upon
these hanks crcated by Congress under its power
to regulate commerce is one which must be exer-
cised by Congress ulone; and it cannot be dele-
gated by Congress to the several States. I should
like to ask the gentleman whether he thinks it
can'he.
iVfr, TIOTCH KISS, i wiil say that if you will
incorporate the woid u national" before the word
il taxes," as has been proposed, I will waive my
amendment, nnd allow that question to bo fairly
tested. I tell gteplletnen that the objection which
has been raised, tbnt the States will U\x these
banks out of existent e, is provided against in my
amendment, whieh proposes that they shall im-
pose no other taxes upon them than such as they
impose upon cihzens and oilier eoi poratious.
Mr. BROOM ALL. 1 observe that by the six-
teenth section these banks are required to deposit
an amount m Government bonds not less than
one third of the capital stock put In; and 1 ob-
serve they cannot take outa circulation up to that
amount by about one tenth. They ihrxvfoie can-
not be taxed undei tin8 Motion which we arc now
constiuing for moie than one third of their cap-
ital, and not quite that much. 1 ask the friends
of the bill whether they pi opose to let the remain-
ing two thirds of the capital stock of these banks,
which is not invested in United States stocks, en-
tirely escape taxation?
jVlr. KASSON. In answer to the gentleman I
would say that if gentlemen who have not studied
the bill, and do not know the intention of the
^ frani'U's ot it, would be good enough to ascertain
the (acta it would .save the fnends of the bill a
good deal of trouble. This is not a tax bill at
all. Nolan item of'taxation is proposed by the
bill. The committee ate piepaiing a bill which
Will tax the banks m various forms sufficiently
heavy to satisfy the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. BROOM ALL. Tl ien there should he strick-
en out of this section the last clause, which says
thai such taxes shall be in lieu of all other taxes
upon such associations, if the committee have
sucli a taxation bill they ought not at least to pre-
clude themselves from bringing it in by passing
this law; for at least one or the other"of these
taws wiil be inoperative.
This is a taxation section. It proposes to bean
exclusive taxation section, nnd it proposes to tax
■fess than one third of the capital, f am very glad
to be informed that it is the intention of the com-
mittee to propose a tax upon the remaining two
thirds, and if they do intend it, { ask them to suf-
fer that last clause to be stricken out. But I will
say that before this bill can get my vote I want to
see the remaining two thirds of the stock of the
bank in process of being taxed.
Mr. WIN MELD called for tellers upon the
amendment to the amendment.
Tellcts were ordered; and Mr. "Winfield and
Mr. Tract were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 42, noes 54.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr, J, C. ALLEN, I move to amend the
amendment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania
by striking nut the last two words.
Mr. STEVENS* I desire to move that the
committee rise for the purpose of closing debate
Mr. J, C. ALLEN. I cannot yield to that
motion.
I desire to say in relation to this question that
1 shell not undertake to controvert the legal posi-
tion the gentleman from Pennsylvania has as-
sumed Iii reft rence to what the courts have decided
as to the power of the StnU-s to fax national bank
«to-ek< foi tU« reason that the bills establishing na-
iioood banks heretofore have contained a provis-
ion similar to the one contained in this original
bill. What we propose to do is to insei tinto this
bill a provision which shall authorize the States
to tax these banks. Now, the decision of the
courts upon that question was not made in refer-
ence to the right of a State to tax any capital or
species of property in that State, but only in refer-
ence to the power of a State thus to impose a tax
under the bill establishing the national bank.
The point I make is this, that it is unjust to the
tax-payers of a State, those upon whom the bur-
dens of taxation will fall, to enable particular cit-
izens of a State to exempt themselves from taxa-
tion upon their capital by investing it in national
securities and depositing it m these national banks,
it tends to build up a moneyed oligarchy wherever
you have a national bank established, by enabling
capitalists to invest their money in this class of
securities, and then, by depositing them m one
of these banks, to relieve themselves from their
| fair proportion of State taxation according to the
i wealth and property they use and enjoy.
| Sir, m imposing burdens for the support of the
national Government and for the purpose of sus-
| taining the national credit, we ought not to do it
for the advantage of a favored few and at the ex-
pense of those who are'not thus able to invest
then* means.
But it is said that we ought to encourage those
who purchase the debt of the Government in these
securities by exempting them from State taxation.
Sir, there are other things besides Government
bonds upon which the Government is dependent
for its success and the maintenance of its credit.
Why should we exempt one species of pioperty
necessary lor those pui poses and notanother? In
oulcr to sustain th« credit of the Government, and
maintain its integrity, yon have to call into the
nnlitaiy oiganizution the horses and mules of the
farmers of the country. You cannot suppoi t the
Army without them. You have to feed your
Army, and you cannot support it without calling
on the farmers of the countiy for their beef and
pork, and flour and coin. All these aie essen-
tial to the maintenance of the national integuty.
If you have a right to exemptfiom taxation by a
State one spccies of ptoperty, you have a right to
exempt that other species of property which the
• farmers of the "West contribute to the aid of the
Government. That for which the Government
is compelled to draw upon the farmers of the
West is ] us t as essential for us support as the stock
purchased by the capitalist and deposited as the
oasis of banking.
i appeal to gentlemen of the House not to adopt
this provision. I concur in what was said by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.Tracy,] that
the people of the country will inquire why it is
that those who see fit to invest their money in
Government stocks are to be exempt, not only
from national taxation, but from State taxation
also. 1 nsk if it is wise or politic to array the
great agricultural interests of the country, and
those who are engaged in other branches of busi-
ness, against the money power of the country by
making this discrimination in favor of the latter?
Sir, it is mostunjust, and i again enter my pro-
test against it. I warn members of the House
that it is a question into which the people of the
country will inquire. It is not just that those who
have wealth and see fit thus to invest it should be
exempt from taxation, while those who have not
wealth, and thus aic not able to go into the bank-
ing business are made to bear the brunt of the
burden of taxation, and are thus made the hewers
of wood and drawers of water to the capitalists
on Wall street, and those who speculate upon the
misery and the sweat and toil of the people of this
country. 1 withdraw the amendment to the
amendment.
Mr. ICASSON. I rise for the purpose of mov-
ing an amendment, on behalf of the Committee
of Ways and Means, to which attention was
called by the remarks of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Broomall.]
The CHAIRMAN. There is already an amend-
ment pending.
Mr. ICASSON. I believe it is in order to per-
fect the original section at this stage.
The CHAIRMAN. There is no motion to
stuke out pending- The amendment pending is
to perfect the original text.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the committee
rise for "the purpose of closing debate upon this
section.
Mr. TRACY. T desire to say a word in rep'y
to my colleague, and I hope the committee will
not rise.
The CHAIRMAN. The motion is not debat-
able.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Rollins, of New Hamp-*
shire, reported that the Committee of the Whole
on thestatoof the Union'had, according to order,
hadtheUnion g-enerally under consideration,and
particularly House bill No'^3S3,to piovide a na-
tional currency secured by a pledge of United
States stocks, and to provide for the circulation
and redemption thereof, and had come to no con-
clusion thereon.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that all debate in the
Committed of the Whole on the state of the Umon
on the pending section of the bill under consider-
ation close in one minute after the committee shall
resume the consideration of the same.
Mr. ANCONA, (at twenty minutes after four
o'clock,p. m.) I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The question was put; and there were, on a di-
vision—ayes 40, noes 51.
The SPEAKER voted in the negative to make
a quorum, and the motion was disagreed to-.
The question recurred on Mr. Stevens's mo-
tion to close debate; and being put, it was agreed
to—ayes 51, noes 41.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself nib) the
Committee of the "Whole on the slate of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended, and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
"Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Rollins,
of New Hampshire, in the chair,) and resumed
the consideration, as a special order, of.the bill
(II. R. No. 333) to piovide a national currency
secured by a pledge of United States stocks, and to
provide for the circulation and redemption thereof,
all debate on the pending section (No. 41) being
closed by order of the House in one minute.
Mr. TRACY. I desire to say to my distin-
guished colleague [Mr.Stevens] that [ apprehend
he has mistaken altogether the object of my amend-
ment. it was not Tor the purpose of taxing these
bonds that this amendment was introduced." 11 was
for the purpose of taxing the dividends on these
banks, and 1 think Congress will do that. My
colleague says that it has been decided on sevoial
occasions that that cannot be done. I think no
such decision could be made under this bill.
Mr.STEVENS. Thegentleman willallowme
to correct him. 1 said it had been decided that
States'could not tax national banks.
The CHAIRMAN. No further debate is in
order.
The question was taken on Mr. Tracy'samend-
ment, and it was rejected.
Mr. KASSON. In orderto perfect the section,
I move to amend by striking out the words "such
tax or duty," and inserting " the taxes or duties
imposed by Congress from time to time;" so that
it will read:
-Aru] {he tares or duties imposrj by Congress from time
to time shall by in Ueu of all other taxes on such associa-
tion.
1 wish to say a single word——
The CHAIRMAN. No debate is in order.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read the forty-second section.
Mr. HOOPER. I move that the committee do
now lise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having-
resumed the chair, Mr. Rollins, of New Hamp-
shire, reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had, according to order
had the Union tinder consideration, and particu-
larly the bill (H. It. No. 333) to provide a na-
tional currency secured by a pledge of United
States stocks, and to provide for the circulation
and icdempiion theieof, and had come to no con-
elusion thereon.
And then, on motion of Mr. MALLORY, (at
fouro clock and thirty minutes, p. m.,) the House
adjourned*.
