MS
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
gress a protest, in which he assailed the conduct
'of the Senate, not so much upon the ground that,
independent of the particular function with which
they were clothed by the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States of trying impeachments, they had not
a right to assail his conduct to any extent they
saw proper, but that because they were to be his
judges upon an impeachment, and because the
acts assailed, if correctly assailed, were acts for
,which there should be an impeachment, lie pro-
tested against it. Whether he was right, or
whether the Senate was right, is a matter not be-
fore us.
But, Mr. President, if we take counsel from the
mother country, and go into the Houses of Par-
liament, from their very origin, after the princi-
ples of liberty were well understood, down to the
present hour, we find members of the House of
Lords and members of the House of Commons
availing in the bioadest terms the conduct, not
of the king or of the cjucen, because the legal fic-
tion is, and the practical result is, that the king
can do no wrong, but assailing the advisers of the
king. Senators need not be reminded of these
things, because these arc historic facts that are
impressed in early age upon the memory of every
American boy. They are the lessons of his youth,
and until recently they have become still more im-
pressed upon the memory and sanctioned by the
judgment, that it is not only the right but the duty
of a representative to assail the conduct of the
Executive.
What said Chatham before they resolved and
after they had resolved to impose the stamp tax,
before they resolved and after they had resolved
to impose the tea tax, and when, in order to
render those acts of Parliament effective, they re-
solved to enforce them by arms, and to call to
their aid the savages? I have forgotten the pre-
cise language; but the Government, or rather the
advisors of the king, were assailed in a strain of
bitter and indignant eloquence th -tthiilled through
the United States, and nerved to nerve the arm of
every American. Nobody dreamed of censiuing
Lord Chatham; and when, in a more philosophic
jneeeh,just as eloquent,and which will live for a
onger peiiod than any words that Chatham has
over uttered, at a subsequent period the conduct
:>f the Government was assailed by Burke in terms
as strong as any that arc to be found in the res-
olutions offered by the honorable member ftom
Kentucky, nobody in the House of Commons
dreamed of censuring Burke, much less of expel-
ling him. "I rejoice"—I thank my friend ftom
Maine [Mr. Fesskxden] for giving me the first
word—"I rejoice that America has resisted."
Suppose the Senator from Kentucky in his place
had said or should have insetted in these resolu-
tions, " I rejoice that the seceded States are in
arms defying your power," what would you dor
Expel htm ?
Sir, that was not the freedom that England en-
joyed m those days; and what haw been the result
of thnt unlimited freedom of debate? Look whoic
England ts now; the freest Govei nine tit on the face
of the earth, where private property and personal
rights are hedged around more effectually than
they are even among ourselves. The power of
the king, comparatively, is as nothing when taken
in connection with the power of the President of
the United States. His policy of to-day, just as
may be the opinion of the Mouse of Commons,
ceases to be, in spite: of him, his policy for the
moriow. They speak the public opinion, and
the public opinion in potential. They nniat sui-
render up the reins of govei ument,and" hand them
to more acceptable hands Not so with us. Whether
wisely or not is not the question; but it is not so
with us. Thevesy spirit which gave use to and
which sanctioned the freedom of debate to which
1 have adveited, has kept alive the sense of con-
stitutional freedom, whit h bums now as biighf as
it ever did in any ngr of the history of that Gov-
ei mm nt, and bt ighter.
What is out condition? I am not hoie to assail
the Executive. The Senate, f hope, know that
I have novi r assailed the Executive. As fai as
any hnnfed assistance that 1 thought if \v;w my
duty to o i ye hi ni extended, it has been fr 1 v «i \ «-n
j have differed from political friends as to the pio-
picfv of S'ime iff tin* advice which at his soh( na-
tion 1 did give; but I have seen no reason to doubt
the soundness of that advice. I happened to be
here—if I may be permitted to refer to myscli at
all—at the origin of these troubles, and every day
in association with that gallant old chief who is
now wearing honors which he richly deserves. I
was with lum almost every hour of every day,
and among a vancty of questions on which he
thought the interests of the public depended was
the extent or the existence of the presidential power
to suspend the writ of habeas corpus. The Chief
Justice of the United States decided that it could
not be done except by Congiess. That that was
a conscientious opinion by that rcveiend and ac-
complished jurist, I have no doubt. With all the
respect in which I held his opinions, I differed
with him. The President was made aware of that
difference. I was requested to write it out. I
wrote it out and caused it to be published, and it
was afterwaids published with my own name to
it. I thought then, and I think now, that the Pres-
ident, as he was then situated, had the right to
suspend the writ of habeascoipus. 1 mention this
only for the purpose of showing that I am notan
assailant of the President. 1 think he has done
wrong. Which of us has not? I think he has
been mistaken m a part of his policy. That does
not lead me to say a word against his purpose, or
to call in question his loyalty, or his devotion to
the Government, or the honesty with which he is
seeking to put an end to this rebellion.
1 say, therefore, to the honorable member from
Kentucky that there is very little in these resolu-
tions that would receive my support if they should
be before the Senate for rejection or adoption. I
think the honorable mcmbci is mistaken in some
of the constitutional views which arc incorporated
in these resolutions; and when I say that, i am
far from saying that there is to be found in any
such mistake any evidence even tending topiove
disloyalty upon the pai t of the honoiabie member
from Kentucky. lam somewhat soiry that he
is present, because in some measure it lestrains
me from speaking o( him as 1 feel. I have known
him foryeais. He denounced w ith all the powei
that he could call into existence the annexation
ofTexns. He denounced the supposed purpose
of annexing Cuba. lie denounced the Mexican
„ war, though a southern man. To be sure, he did
not stand alone; there w< re a gioat many otheis
who agreed with him on the same subject; but
he was waning against the general sentiment,
ills love of country and his attachment to the
Constitution foiced him, as he thought, to take
as his motto that policy which the Constitution
alone authorized, although in taking such a posi-
tion he went against the {sentiment of his section.
Now, my friend from Massachusetts thinks that
he sees in ihese resolutions noteiror—ifhis criti-
cism on the resolutions went to that extent only
he and I would be found together—but treason,
tieason to the United States; a purpose to aid the
rebellion. The honorable member cannot know
what has been the course of the member from
Kentucky since this treason originated. He has
passed the yeais of military duty, 1 piesume.
His own State, illusti ious fr>r many i easons—the
Senate is as familiar with the fact as I am—was
invaded by the hoidesof these treasonable con-
spirators, The effort was to force the State out
of the Union, to immgui ate another allegiance, to
break up the Government, and that "traitoi" as
he is—aceoiding to the view taken by the honor-
aide member from Massachusetts—is found more
than a hundred miles from his home with his
musket on his shoulder, a private in the ranks, to
beat back the rebel invaders. What I say I know
of my own knowledge. He boasts not of it. Heis
too 11 illy loyal; he has too much good taste to
boast of anything personal to himself. In the
same lanks with him wete seven nephews, who
looked to him as theii filend and counselor, who
! aie now m the Ai my of the United States—those of
| them that survive. Two of them I believe have
| fallen in then-attempt to support the Government
| of the United States.
[ The honorable member, too, so warm was his
I patriotism—I hope he wilt pardon me for spcak-
| mg of him peisonaily—went to an extent that I
j thought he was not ju&tifii-d ingoing. He had
; a edfeague on thus fh or. He Jxin.ved, honestly
believed, that the •sentiments which that colleague
j intert-.oned were nnf loyal, and he supported a
1 resolution tor his expulsion on that account alone.
Their petsonai relations were always friendly.
The pnvato honor of his colleague he never
; doubted; but he believed he had been led astray
^ by the madness with which he was surrounded,
; and had proved false in his duty to his country.
1 The Senate took a different view, and I have no
doubt correctly took a different view of it. His
; colleague is here still differing with the majority
I of the Senate, certainly differing with me individ-
j ually, upon many questions which grow out of
the hour; but in his heart he is just as true to
! what he considers to be the Constitution of the
United States as any man who ever represented
! the State of Kentucky on this floor.
What else did he do? I do not know that he
offered the resolution, but he certainly supported
' it, for the expulsion of a late Senator from ln-
1 diana. What for? For what he supposed to be
I disloyalty; and what was the evidence of it?
j Writing an introductoryletterto Jefferson Davis,
! and styling him presidentof theconfederatc Stales,
' and telling him that the man he introduced was
the inventor of some gun,and recommending him
to the attention of Jefferson Davis as president of
; the confedeiate States. That was conclusive evi-
I dence of disloyalty with the honorable member
■ from Kentucky. He made the proposition and
j sustained it in debate. The Senate sustained it.
! Was he a traitor then? The facts show he could
not have been. Was he an imbecile then ? Did
he not know what his duty to the Government
was then? Everybody knows thatimbecility can-
not be applied to him. The fact of his having
voted and spoken in support of the two resolu-
! tions to which I have adverted is conclusive to
, show that in his opinion a Senator of the United
! States should not to any extent be disloyal,
j Now, what has he done? Up to the time that
I he offered these resolutionsdid anybody think of
! proposing that he should be expelled from the
• Senate of the United States? A member of some
| of your most important committees, acting with
1 you upon the many measures of momentthathave
, been before the Senate after he became a mem-
| her, what indication has he given, up to the rno-
! ment when these resolutions were offered, that he
j was not true to his constitutional duty? I never
; hcaidofany. He is a party man, and, perhaps,
| if he will permit me to say so, he carries his pai ty
j feedings to an imprudent extent. Is he the only
I member of the Senate who suffers party to carry
i him beyond the limits to which party should go
I in a citsis like this? That question almost an-
| swers itself. I am not calling into doubt at all the
! correctness of the conduct of any Senator as far as
i depends upon the intent which governs his con-
duct; but I say it most respectfully,leaving my-
self open to the same remark, that m my opinion,
upon vunous occasions since this war com me need,
paity has had rather an illegitimate influence.
IJutdoes that make him who indulges in it dis-
, loyal? He might say m reply, the freedom of
the country cannot be maintained without parties;
: the condition of pai ties keeps alive the spirit of
liberty, and restrains the excesses of executive or
legislative power.
The honorable member from Massachusetts
; [Mr. Sumner] yesterday, in the very excellent
: speech that he made in support of the resolutions
that weie (hen before the Senate, and which was
i prepared, denounced a law on our statute-book as
' infamou*-', as one which did not challenge the as-
!; sent or the aid of any man with a heart in his
bosom and a spark of freedom within his soul.
, Did anybody dream of saying that he was not to
; continue a member of the Senate because that
| opinion, in the judgment of any one Senator who
, might think proper to offer such a resolution, was
, unconstitutional r Certainly not.
j The honorable member from New Hampshire,
: [Mr. Hale,] more than once in discharging what
| he supposed to be his doty, has called in question
! not only the capacity, but the honesty of some of
, the Departments of the Government. He has not
, assailed the President, but he has assailed the De-
; partments, and the President only acts through
t his departmental officers. That the honorable
member thinks that he has good ground for mak-
ing the assault, I do not question. I hope it will
turn out that the grounds in point of fact are not
well founded: but that he entertains the convic-
' tion that the information upon which he has acted
| in so denouncing one of the Departments of the
! Government is information upon which it is not
; only lus right but his duty to act, I do not doubt.
Ho said:
" I dcclare upon my responsibility as a Senator, that the
