3346
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 28,
from the border slave States into friendly confer-
ence with him, and he there pledged himself, his
word, Ins honor, his faith, which in a President
of the United States and the successor of Wash-
ington ought to be held sacred, that he had neither
the power nor the inclination, as he had before
-asseverated in his message, to interfere with sia-
.very in the States, It is the Senator himself wiio
has proved false and recreant to his solemn and
. recotded opinions. If he had adhered to them he
would have found me sustaining the war con-
ducted upon the policy and principles of the Crit-
tenden resolution.
I defy the honorable Senator and I defy any
man to search the record and to read the many
speeches which he says I have made and reiter-
ated so often, and to find the least inconsistency
of principle between my present position and the
position I avowed when I took my seat- on this
floor and for long years befoie.
The Senator speaks of my disloyalty. 1 tell
him that if loyalty is to bo faithful to the Consti-
tution and all its principles-and all its compro-
mises, I am loyal; and if to be false to the Consti-
tution and to all its principles and to all the liber-
ties it secures to the people be disloyalty, the
honorable Senator is one of the greatest criminals
in this land. 1 ran arraign him before any en-
lightened men; I can take his speeches and votes
and mine, and I can prove my perfect consistency,
and rectitude, and tiuih, mid adheicnce to con-
Btituiioiial duty, and I can refute ins in every
particular of that kind,
Mr. WlLKlNbON. "When this war com-
menced 1 had no idea of doing anything but save
.this country; 1 had no idea to oppress the people
of the South, or to adopt any measures which
were considered by anybody harsh or severe.
But, sir, as this war has progressed, as the rebels
have starved our prisoners, as they have butch-
ered our captives, as they have slaughtered in
cold blood our prisoners whom they have taken,
I am for desolation, and I am for subjugation,
and I am for the exercise of all the power that
will crush these infernal, damnable fiends under
our feer.
Air. POWELL. The Senator from Minnesota
a few minutes ago, relying no doubt upon a false
statement read to the Houb* of .Representatives
the other day, said that negroes had lately de-
fended the capital of Kentucky. That is not so.
Even the Administration paper in Fiankfort, the
Commonwealth, denies it. It has been denied
by tho Governor of Kentucky. It was a lie out
of tho whole cloth. The capital was defended
by the Governor with a very few troops and cut-
Zens; the school-boys camc out. The Senator no
doubt took his statement from a telegram which
went forth.
Mr. WILKINSON. I will simply say thatl
saw u dispatch in the papers stating that Gov-
ernor Bramleite hud got a messenger through fiom
Frankfort to Lexington and that some negio regi-
ments were marched from Lexington to Frank-
fort, and that through their efforts ho was re-
leased.
Mr. POWELL. The tele- ram was read in
the House of Repiesentatives the other day, and
it was there denied and refuted, and a letter wui
presented from the (Governor denying it. It was
a lie out of the whole cloth.
Mr. MENDRIClvS. Mr. resident, I have
not been in favor of the bill before the Senate in
its general put poses or in its special provisions;
but I have felt it to be my duty to do what 1 could
during the progress of its discussion to make if
as near an acceptable and proper measure as pos-
sible. My purnose now is to state some general
objections that 1 have to the measure, and some
reasons why { shall feel it to be my duty to vote
against the bill.
in the first place, I am notable to perceive how
Congress possesses the power to enact the meas-
ure as pioposrd by the committee that has re-
ported this bill. I am aware that some of the
provisions of the bill may be enacted by Con-
gress; as, for instance, that portion of the hill 1
which authorizes ce; tain officers to take posses-
sion of Government property and Government
lends and munage them for the benefit of the Gov-
ernment. 1 do not question that it is proper for
Congress to provide a set of officers to take charge j
of the public property; but that portion of the bill j
is not the mam r>m pose and feature of the mens- i
ure. The purpose of the bill is shown in the first
section, from which I will read a few words:
That an office is hereby created in the Treasury De-
partment to be called the Bmeau of" Freedmen, meaning
thereby such persons- as have become fiee since the begin-
ning of the present war, under the care of a Commissioner,
See.
This indicates the purpose of the bill. It is to
provide a bureau to take charge of such persons
as have become free since the beginning of the
present war. I ask the Senator who is the author
of this measure—1 mean of the substitute reported
by our committee—what is the condition and
status of persons who have become free during
the war? i dare say he will reply that they are
citizens of the United States. In thatopiniun I do
not concur. I know the Attorney General has
expressed thatopinion,and in thatl think he has
reflected less credit upon his ability and learning
as a jurist than in many other opinions which it
has become his duty to deliver. The Supreme
Court of the United States, however, has decided
thatjjiey are not and cannot become citizens of
the United States. But without reference to that
question, which I do not now choose to discuss,
for the purpose of the argument, assuming that
the position of the Senator is correct and that they
become citizens of the United States as soon as
they are made free, what then is their relation to
the Federal Government? Why shall Congress
take charge of them, their property, their inter-
ests, and their contracts ? The Senator replies
that they are ignorant, unable to take care of them-
selves, that they are to some extent wards upon
the General Government,and therefore itis prop-
er, inasmuch as they have just come out of a state
of servitude and ignorance into a state of freedom,
not competent to take care of themselves, that the
Government of the United States shall provide in
these many respects for them. I am not able to
see how the Government of the United States can
discharge this duty towaid any citizen or any in-
habitant who is notacitizen. Js the Government
of the United Suites the parent of all the people
in that sense that the Government of England is
the patent of all the people of the British empire?
By no means. Each State government has to-
waid its inhabitants that telation. Can the Gov-
ernment of the United States appoint a guardian
to take possession of the property and to take
chaige of the person of one who, because of ten-
der years or because of want of intellect, is not
competent and able to take care of himself or lus
property ? The Senator will not insist upon that.
That is a power which belongs exclusively to the
States of the Confederacy and not at all to the
General Government.
Then, sir, upon the ground on which the Sen-
ator has maintained this measure, I am not able
to see that under the Constitution Congress may
enact such a measuie us this. Is it replied that
Cougtess takes charge in a very similar manner
of t e Indiana and that we provide for them?
That answer will not do. There ate many rea-
sons why Congress may legislate in respect to the
I ndians which do not apply to a measure like this.
The Indians occupy toward this Government a
very peculiar position. They were in possession
of the public domain; they had what the Gov-
ernment rccogmzedas a possessory right, a right
that was to be extinguished by treaty with them; .
by treaty between the Government and the tribes
the possessory n^ht of the Indians to a portion
of their land at least has been extinguished, and :
for that the Government has agreed to pay annu-
ities and has assumed a guardianship over the ]
Indians. They occupy the public Territories not j
within the jui isdiction of the States; and because i
they occupy the Territories and because they are j
to some extent not fully tribes, nations, people, j
we legislate as we have legislated in legard to j
them. |
Mr. President, I do not believe that the Con- ]
gress of the United States has the power to take i
the charge of a pot lion of the community simply j
because that portion of the community is not com- ;
petent to take care of itself. Such a power would j
swallow up to a very large extent a vei y import- ;
ant portion of the powers enjoyed by the States. ;
But I do not choose to discuss that question fur- ;
ther. 1 have some other objections to this bill to j
which 1 will very biiefly allude. It is a ponder- |
ous measure. What it is, where it will carry us, j:
and to what extent it will become a burden on the i:
national Treasury, no Senator can now say. it
hasitssentof power in the Treasury Department
according to the present framework of the bill—
a Commissioner, assistant commissioners, and a
suitable number of clerks. That may not be
very much; the Treasury without serious embar-
rassment may bear that burden; but 1 ask the at-
tention of Senators to the consideration of the
second section:
See. 2. Jltul he it fuilhtr enacted, That the Comjnis-
sioner shall have authority, under the direction of the Sec-
retary of theTreasUiy, to cieate depaitments of treedmen.
A new division of the country ! Congress has
recognized the Confederacy as an aggregate—
States, counties, and other political subdivisions
made by enactments of Congress or by the pro-
visions of the State constitutions and laws; but
here is a new division of the country into " de-
partments of freedmen." The States an? to be
cut up and to be placed under the charge of com-
missioners. I believe the number of these com-
missioners is now limited in the bill to two for
each State. Am I right in that respect?
Mr. SUMNER. Not more than two.
Mr. HEN DRICKS. Then each State is to be
divided, so that there shall be two departments
with a commissioner over each:
And each depattmeut s-hall b<- under the supervision of
an a^jstatir oomm Usui tier, with an annual salary of $2,000,
to be appointed by the Secretary of the Treasury, and with
authomyto appoint local superintendents and clerk*,so far
as the same may be needed, at a conrpcna-ation uot exceed-
ing the ouhnaiy late for similar services.
Mr. SUMNER. That has been amended.
Mr, HENDRICKS. So as to fix the salary,
but not in respect to the number of superintend-
ents, I think.
Mr. SUMNER. As to the number also; " not,
however, to exceed four in each district."
Mr. HENDRICKS. That is, four local super-
intendents to each department, but how many
clerks I am not informed.
Mr. SUMNER.- Not to exceed four in each
district in the whole of local superintendents and
clerks.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then allow me to say to
the Senator that if he has thus limited the num-
ber of superintendents they will be unable to ac-
complish the work that he designs. Here is to
be a government within a Government, the Gov-
ernmentuf the United States to be over the white
people and the colored people alike, accoiding to
the philosophy of the Senator, and within that
Government is to be another government over a
portion of the community, over a class of the in-
habitants, having its seatof power in the Treasury
Department, and its arms extending into each
State of the southern portion of the Confederacy,
with two commissioners in each State, and under
each of these four superintendents and a suitable
number of clerks; and all these are to constitute
a government over inhabitants amounting to at
leastthree millions and perhaps approaching near
to four millions, if the final purpose and policy of
the Senator from Massachusetts be carried out
and emancipation be tho result.
This, sir, is a remarkable spectacle, that within
the government and independentof the Statesand
almost independent of the ordinary machinery of
the Federal Government, there shall be a govern-
ment established for the control of the inhabit-
ants of a particular class. I should not favor a
measure of this sort even if the Constitution con-
ferred the power.
But, sir, consider the enormous expense of this
measure. 1 know very well that at the end of a
year it will be said that four superintendents in
each district, or eight superintendents in a State
to take charge of so large a number of freedmen,
to see to the contracts of each, to attend to the
lawsuits of each in every court, are entirely in-
adequate; and the Senator will then change his
measure so as to have it read ay it did in the first
place, u local superintendents and clerks so far
as the same may be needed." That will be finally
the measure if the policy and purposeof theSen-
ator is intended to be accomplished and secured.
A magnificent scheme, establishing a government
for a portion of the inhabitants of the country at
great cost to the Federal Treasury I 1 am not m
favor of it.
I desire, then, to call the attention of the Sen-
ate to the enormous powers that are to be con-
ferred on this new government, this government
within a Government. In the first place, thwse
