2370
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 19,
uround the falls of Niagara, and another from
Lake Chaniplain to tiie St. Lawrence and to the
Hudson—when by these means you may have
made some provision for the products of the
West, there may be possibly a question of com-
petition and rivalry. But go on with these im-
provements as rapidly as you will, there will
never come the day for the next century in which
the products of the West will not increase with
more rapidity th§n you can enlarge your canals.
You may go on as rapidly as possible, but west-
ern products, with the tide of immigration there
setting in, will increase still more rapidly than
you can enlarge communication to accommodate
that produce, so that the happy day of competi-
tion and rivalry is far off to which the gentleman
alludes, when New Yoik can say to the West,
"Come here with your beef and pork and corn
and wheat; we will underbid our Canadian neigh-
bors;" and when gentlemen over the lino can say,
Come this way, and we will take all you can
bring us at a lower rate and quicker than New
York." That is what the West wants, butwliat
you New Yorkeis do not want us to have, I fear;
and hence you wish this treaty abrogated.
God made the St. Lawrence liver. For what
purpose? Wasitfor the use of the small Canadian
provinces, or did he make it for floating upon its
waters the products of our great western empire?
We mean to have the St. Lawrence and wo shall
have itultimately, and as a means of obtaining if
we wish to continue tins reciprocity treaty; and I
trust the time will come, notwithstanding the de-
nunciations of the gentleman from Maine, [Mr.
Pike,] when the Canadian provinces will see that
under a system of governmentlike ours they will
be far more prosperous. They will look across the
bordeisand see these great empire States, New
York, Ohio, Michigan, Illinois, and the gnat
citiew of Oswego, Buffalo, Detroit, Chicago, and
Milwaukee, and contrast the rapid development
on this side the hue with the slow coach of Ca-
nadian progress duimg the last century, and then
come to the conclusion that under a Government
like ours, under institutions like ours, they would
share our piospciity, and thus ultimately and
peacefully will seek a union with us. That is
what we look for in the end; but in the mean time
you must not shut up the St. Lawience and the
' Canadian canals to our products. Wcmusthave
their rivalry and competition with Now York.
Mr. G1HNNELL. I desire to ask my friend
if he ia not aware of the fact that a large number
of grain-growers of the West have already gone
to Canada,and if he has not seen a proclamation
in the Canada papers that grain could be raised
in Canada much cheaper than in the States, tak-
ing taxes and distance from the market into con-
sideration. Has he not seen the statement that it
would be better for grain-growers to go to Canada
than to remain in the West? I will say to the gen-
tleman that if I were going to raise grain 1 would,
in preference to remaining in the West., go to Can-
ada, whore I should be nearer the market, and
escape the taxes imposed upon us by this war.
Mr. PRUYN. I would ask the gentleman
whether lie intends that as an argument in favoi
of a discontinuance of the war. [Laughter.]
Mr. GRiNNELL. If it has any application
at all, it would be in favor of putting down this
rebellion.
Air. ARNOLD. That is not the question be-
fore us now. Grant is carrying out that part of
the business very well.
I desire, Mr. Speaker, to call the attention of
the House to a very important fact in connec-
tion with the ability of our country to supply
Europe with food. Every intelligent gentleman
will remember that when the rebellion broke out,
and when the export of cotton was stopped,
„ many supposed that our foreign exports would
be entirely, or to a great extent, destroyed. The
men who were wont to rule this country in these
Halls then, and who are now fighting us on the
other side of the Potomac, supposed and boasted
that cotton was king; and that by means of it
they could control not only our own country but
the woild. Our experience has since developed
the fact that cotton is not king, but that if there
is any product of our country entitled to that
dignityis com. The exports of grain since
the war began have to a very considerable extent
made good the deficiency m the exportation of
cotton.
1 hold in my hand a statement showing from
what portions of the world the food of Europe is
supplied. I find from the statistics of 1861 that from
the Baltic there were received 15,000,000 bushels
of grain; from Russia, 12,000,000 bushels; from
Biitish America—mostly from the United States
—12,000,000 bushels,and fiom the United States
54,000,000 bushels. Fifty-four million bushels of
corn sent abroad from the United States in 1861 to
feed Europe, and about 12,000,000 bushels, mostly
the product of the United States, sent through
Canada for the same purpose ! It is a great ob-
ject to be accomplished by the American states-
man if we can send our agricultural products to
Europe and compete successfully in the Old
World against the products of Russia and the
Baltic. We never can do that unless we have
cheap transportation. With cheap transportation
the capacity of the western soil is such that we
can compete successfully against all the world in
supplying Europe with food.
There is another fact to which I will advert for
a moment in this connection. It is known to the
country that no section of the Union has sent in
proportion to its population so many soldiers to
the war as the Northwest. I do not state this in
any spirit of boasting. I merely state the fact
that Illinois has given in proportion to its popu-
lation a greater number of her laborers to the war
than any other State; and yet there has been no
considerable diminution of the products of that
State. It is because of the peculiar formation of
the country and of the facilities for introducing
labor-saving machinery. Labor-saving machines
can be used there to an extent that is known no-
wheieelse,sothattheamountof productions has
not been to any considerable extent diminished.
While the Norihwest issendmg 65,000,000 bush-
els of cereals to Europe annually, we have done
that with but one twelfth our land under cultiva-
tion. Statistics show that in 1861, in that por-
tion of the Union organized into States in the
valley of the Mississippi, only one twelfth of the
land was under cultivation. Who, then, can
tell the extent to which this productiveness will
reach? If to-day, with one twelfth of our soil
only under cultivation, we produce an amount
which is totally beyond the capacity of the New
YoiJc canals and all the railways to take to mar-
ket, I ask my friends from the Northwest whether
it is wise to close up this avenue by the St. Law-
rence and compel everything to find its*way
through the New York canals or over the great
railroads of Pennsylvania and New York?
Sir, there is a great, activ^, and powerful pecu-
niary interest in this country which supposes it
would be benefited by the abrogation of this trea-
ty. Hy its abrogation you place the great gram-
producing portion of the country m the power of
railroad corporations and canal boards, who can
fix their own price for transporting our products
to market.
Hence, Mr. Speaker, I am against the abroga-
tion of this treaty. And in regard to the objec-
tions made to it as to its inequality, to its injus-
tice, to thQ. advantages which it is supposed to
confer upon Canada, 1 have only to say, remedy
those evils, but do not destroy the treaty alto-
gether. If we cannot remedy them, if after a fair
trial we find that we cannot coueet the treaty, if
we cannot make a tieaty which will be really and
truly reciprocal in its character, if we find that on
the whole it does us more harm than good, then
let us give the notice to abrogate it. But why do
it to-day? The conduct of Great Britain during
this war is no reason that a statesman would give
for abrogating this treaty. I do not propose, nor
does any gentleman propose, to do anything in
this connection unworthy the dignity of a great
nation, but I can see nothing derogatory to na-
tional honor in sending commissioners to treat
with Great Britain, to talk over this matter, and
to see whether the evils complained of cannot be
remedied.
IYlr. MOORHEAD. The gentleman from Illi-
nois proposes to meet commissioners from Eng-
land, but 1 would like to know whether England
has proposed to send commissioners. 1 do not
pretend to treat this question as a statesman, but
as a businessman. The treaty has worked badly
for us. We are satisfied of that. Now, I say
abiogate it; and if Great Britain has any terms to
offer, let us hear what they are.
Mr. ARNOLD. That objection, Mr. Speaker,
is a mere question of etiquette. I am aware that
in some particulars the treaty has operated un-
favorably for us, I have no doubt that m some
particulars it has operated m our favor; and i have
no doubt that it could be modified to the mutual
advantage of both parties. On the whole, I think
we have gained as much as they have. 1 am not
addressing myself to particular objections«to the
treaty, objectionable as it may be, and objection-
able as it undoubtedly is in many particulars. I
say let us see whether we cannot remedy these
objections and retain the advantages we have
reaped from it. Gentlemen say, abrogate it in the
beginning and then try and make a new one. That
is the argument, Mr. Speaker, of gentlemen who
desire to have no treaty at all; it is the aigument
of those who seek to obtain great advantages to the
railroad interests of the country by shutting up
the St. Lawrence river and forcing all our prod-
ucts to go over these railroads running to the
Atlantic cities. I do not refer to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr, Moorhead] especially,
but to the gentlemen who seem to be most anx-
ious that we should give notice of the abrogation
of this treaty without making any attempt to
amend or modify it. 1 apprehend that these gen-
tlemen do not want any treaty at all. I do not
refer to the gentleman hom Maine or the gentle-
man from Vermont only; I iefor to all gentlemen
who have expressed themselves so distinctly in
opposition to the treaty as it exists, and who I
have heard express no desire that wo should have
any treaty at all.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I do not wish to inter-
rupt the gentleman at all, but if he alludes to me
I have only to say that I have not considered the
railroad inte-restnorany other individual interest,
but the interest and honor of the country. In
fact, this treaty does not suit us. Under the tei ms
of the treaty, whenever it does not fuit either party
it is the duty of that paity to give notice of its
abrogation. Now, we are exactly in that condi-
tion. I do not want to go to them with commis-
sioners appointed in advance and ask them to ne-
gotiate about this treaty. I want to say to them
that the treaty does not suit us, and wetherefoie,
in conformity with its conditions, give notice of
its abrogation. It will then be leftopen for cither
party to make propositions for a new tieaty. I
do not think it is our place to get down on our
knees and say to Great Britain that we have ap-
pointed commissioners and that we ask them to
appoint commissioners to modify this old treaty
so as to give us a little more advantage.
Mr. ARNOLD. 1 cannot yield my time to the
gentleman to make a speech. I will yield if not
taken from my time.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I beg the gentleman's
pardon for taking his time, but ho yielded to me.
Mr. ARNOLD. Thegentlernan suggests what
I might perhaps have oveilooked. The treaty
does not suit the gentleman from Pennsylvania
as the representative of a great railroad interest.
Of course T do not speak of him in thatconnec-
tion m any offensive sense. He represents his
constituents as every gentleman is supposed to
represent the interests of his particular section
of country. There are sections of the country,
however, where it is believed that great advant-
ages are derived from the tieaty. We believe in
the Northwest that we have derived great advant-
ages from the opening of the St. Lawrence river
and the canals of the Canadian provinces to our
commerce, through which, as I have said, $18,-
000,000 of our products have found market. We
believe,therefore, that the Northwest derives great
advantage from the treaty, and I desire to call the
attention of the House to the consideration of that
point.
Ours, Mr. Speaker, is a country of vast extent
and diversified interests, extending from Maine
to the far West. Here are the fisheries to be con-
sulted, here are manufacturers to be consulted,
there are railroad and transportation interests to
be consulted, here is a great grain-producing
country to be consulted, here are all these vari-
ous diversified interests of the country to bn
consulted. 1 ask gentlemen before they destroy
this treaty to consider whether they are likely
to get a new one that will suit all these various
interests. When you have once destroyed this
treaty, the difficulty of getting a new one will
be increased a hundred-fold. You will have to
encounter not only the clashing interests of our
