1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1395
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, Jlpril 2, 1864.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. W. H. Channijjg.
The Journal of yesterday was retid and approved.
OVERLAND MAIL.
Mr. ALLEY. 1 desire to ask the House to per-
mit Senate bill No. 194 to be taken from the Speak-
er's table and leferred to the Committee on. the
Post Office and Post Roads.
There being no objection, the act (S.No. 194) to
authorize the PostmasterGeneral to contract with
the Overland Mail Company for carrrying the
Snail was taken from the Speaker's table, read a
first and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
TiiUKlTOltY OK MONTANA.
Mr.BEAMAN. I rise to a privileged question.
I call up the motion made hy the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Pendietoj*] to reconsider the vote by
which the Senate amendments to House bill No.
15, organizing a government for the Territory of
Montana, were disagreed to.
Mr. PENDLETON. Mr. Speaker, my object
in making the motion to reconsider the vote by
which the Senate amendments wete disagreed to
was simply that I might call the attention'of the
House for one moment to the character of those
amendments, and that I might give the House an
opportunity—if it were so disposed—to adhere to
the provisions of the House billimmediatcly, and
to show its disposition to refuse to entertain the
proposition sent to it by the Senate. The House
will recollect—and 1 state this by way of reason
for having made tins motion—that this bill was
taken up by unanimous consent the-day before
yesterday, and theamendments of the Senate non-
eonruned in, without being read, I believe, cer-
tainly without the attention of the House being
particularly drawn to the subject. I am not pre-
paied to say certainly that theamendments were
not lead to the House; they may have been. 1
am piepared to say that they did not arrest the
attention of any gentleman who did not know
what they .were liom havirg followed the course
of proceedings in  tlie other end of the Capitol.
The provision of the particular amendment to
which i icfer is intended, and I think it will be so
admitted by all its friends, to give to negroes the
right to vote at the first election in the Territoiy
of Montana. The amendment differs in its pio-
visions from any bill organising a Territory of
the United States which lias ever been passed
by either House of Congress. It strikes out the
words "free white inhabitants," and substitutes
for them the words " male citizens of the United
States." Ifl may be permitted to allude to what
has since been made public, the debates in the
other House, although attention was calicd to the
fact that under the decision of the Supreme Court
no man of the African race can be a citizen of the
United States, yet the amendment was expressly
intended to ovenule that decision and to provide
that all persons, of whatever color, who are other-
wise qualified, shall have the right to vote in that
Territory. I only desire to state this proposi-
tion to the House. I only desire that the House
shall be thoroughly informed of the character of
the amendments sent to it by the Senate. I only
desnc them to understand that now, for the first
time in the history of the Government, one of the
branches of Congress has endeavored to estab-
lish negro political equality. If they do so they
can vote understanding! y upon this pioposnion.
There have been passed, since this war com-
menced, since Congiess convened on the 4'hof
July, 1661—1 say there have been acts passed since
then for the organization of, I think, five Territo-
ries. In four of these, for Idaho, Nevada, Da-
kota, and Arizona, following the precedent in the
case ot New Mexico, in prescnbmg the qualifi-
cation of voters at the first election, the terms were
used which the chairman of the Committee on
Territouos m this House adopted in preparing
the bill for the organization of Montana. All
those bills prescribed that the free white male in-
habitants of the United States, who have been res-
idents of the Territory for thirty days preceding
the election, shall be qualified electors at the first
election in organizing the Terutory. And m the
ease of Coloradoi the only exception to that rule
made by the last Congress-, the provision of law
was that the free white mate citizensof theUnited
States resident for thirty days within the Terri-
tory should be qualified electors. These amend-
ments sentto us by the Senate, ignoring these pre-
cedents, ignoring the precedents set by the party
now in powerin organizing these Territories dur-
ing the last Congress, provide not that the free
white male citizens, not that the free white male
inhabitants, but that all of the citizens of the
United States, be their color what it may, shall
be authorized voters at the first election.
We are making rapid strides, Mr. Speaker.
We are advancing rapidly beyond the positions
laid down by the Republican party when they
first came into power three years ago. I desire
to call the attention of the House to it that they
may vote understanding^ upon this amendment,
and determine now whether they are prepared to
countenance—1'do not mean to say to agree to,
I do not mean to say consent to—but to coun-
tcnancc a course of legislation which will lead in-
evitably, in the otgamzation of the Territories, and
after the organization of the Terntoncs in the
carrying on ofth^ir governments, to the position
that negroes shall have the same right of voting
as white men.
Mr. HOLMAN. Let me make an inquiry.
The gentleman moves to reconsider the vote by
which the House disagreed to the amendments of
the Senate, and asked for a committee of confer-
ence. Now, after the motion to reconsider is
ngieed to, does he propose to strike this out, or
to adheie to the bill as it went from the House5
Mr. PENDLETON. If the House agrees to
the motion to reconsider, 1 propose to move that
the House shall adhere to its own bill. I am aware
therearc other pnvileged motions which will take
precedence, but the House, having the whole ques-
tion before it, can determine whether it will adheie
to its bill and refuse to appoint a committee of con-
ference on this point, and thus show an disposi-
tion to entertain tins proposition; whether u will
put its foot upon this whole proposition, and de-
clare that it will under no circumstances agree to
the Senate amendments.
Mr. HOLMAN The House has already
disagreed to the amendments of the Senate, and
appointed a lree conference on the disagreeing
votes between the two Houses. That has been
done. Now, if the question comes befoie the
House again under the motion to reconsider, is
there any other mode in which the House can ex-
press itself further than it has done in disagreeing
to the Senate amendments than by instructing the
committee not to yield its disagreement.
Mr. PENDLETON. I think that the more
expeditious way will be to adhere at once with-
out making any concessions on the subject.
Mr. 1IOLMAN". That is a disagreement to
the Senate amendments.
Mr. PENDLETON. It is a disagreement
which pemnts no concession to be made on that
point. It is an expression of opinion flitch
shows that there is no disposition on the patt of
the House to recede. It does not place it in.the
hands of a conference committee to control the
action of the House. That is what I want to
accom plish.
Mr. BROWN, ofWisconsm. I would ask the
gentleman from Ohio whether the amendments of
the Senate do not not only allow negroes the right
of voting, but exclude persons of foreign hnth
who are inhabitants of the Territory from the
nght which the House bill gives them ?
Mr. SPALDING. I would ask my colleague
to let the obnoxious amendment of the Senate be
read. I want to know what it is.
Mr. PENDLETON. Certainly.
The Clerk lead the fust amendment of the Sen-
ate, as follows:
Strike out the w<<ifl* 11 white male Inhabitant*," on page
G, in hne  ten and eleven, and micrt in lieu thereof, ucvei>
male citizen ol" the L'mt'd Stales? and tho&o who have de-
clared their intention to become sueh."
Mr. HOLMAN. My only object is to haven
distinct understanding as to what is to be the ef-
fect of this vote. Dn I understand the gentleman
from Ohio to assume the position that if the House
adheres to its own bill the proper policy then will
be to refuse to appoint a committee ofconfercnce?
Mr. PENDLETON. If the House adheres it
will be the proper course for the House to refuse
to -appoint a committee of conference, ant! th6tt-
the bill will go back to the Senate, and to tire Sen*'
ate will be put the alternative whether it "wiJI-Iet
the bill fait or agree to the proposition -of the
House. That is the point to which I wish to
bring the House. I desire to have the House
now determine by its vote whether it is prepared
to stand immovably upon the proposition that it
will not sanction political equality -on the part of
negroes, or enter on a coursc of legislation whi6*f
indicates a disposition finally to yield upon the
question.
Mr. BROOMALL. I desire to aslothe gentle-
man from Ohio if he believes a negro to beaciti*
zen of the United States? I see that the bill al-
lows only " citizens of the United States" to vote,
Mr. PENDLETON. If 1 had the determina-
tion of the question who should vote under this
bill as it comes to us fro'fti the Senate, I would
have very little difficulty in determining that nfe-
grocs could not vote. But, sir, it does not rest
on my judgment; it will not depend on my opin-
ion on that questjon; and I desire to express it so
dearly that no man who entertains a different
opinion on the subject from myself shall have it
in his power to allow the negroes of that Terri-
tory to vote, v
Mr. BROOMALL. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him another question?
Mr. PENDLETON. Yes, sir.
Mr. BROOMALL. I would askthe gentleman
whether or not it has been judicially determined
by the Supreme Court of the United States that a
negro is not a citizen of the United States?
Mr. PENDLETON. I believe that it has been
so determined, and I would like to ask the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania whether he and his
paityare prepared to' bow to that decision and
carry it out? If they are, and he can say so au-
thoritatively, perhaps there will be no necessity
fortius reconsideration.
Mr. BROOMALL. I have no right to answer
for my party. I would probably agree to the de-
cision if thegentleman could pointoutto me where
these negroes are citizens if not here. Arc they
still citizens in Africa? [Laughter.] But I would
like to ask the gentleman whether or not it has
been decided by the Supieme Courtof theUnited
States to his entire satisfaction that a negro is not
a citizen of the United States, and whether the
gentleman is not content to let that decision alone?
Mr. PENDLETON. I will ask the gentleman
whether he thinks that it has been so decided?
Mr. BROOMALL. I have so read.
Mr. PENDLETON. Are you content with
that decision ?
Mr. BROOMALL. I will answer that ques-
tion when the gentleman answers mine.
Mr. PENDLETON. Then I will answer the
gentleman 's question. I think it has been so de-
cided, and I am content with that decision; but
the present Attorney General of the United States
has advised the political depai tments of the Gov-
ernment that that decision was wrong, and has
advised them to act on his opinion, and not on
that decision.
Mr. BROOMALL. If the^gentleman is satis-
fied with that decision, I hope he will vote with
me on this quesiion.
Mr. PENDLETON. Now, I ask the gentle-
man if he is satisfied with the decision of the Su-
preme Court on that point?
Mr. BROOMALL. When it is referred to me
to review, if I can asceituin where these persons
are citizens, if not h<-io,*I may affirm it.
Mr. PENDLETON. I am perfectly satisfied
with the anxwei that the gemlen>tm gives. 11 was
for him to decide whether or not he would answer
candidly and explicitly the question which he said
he would answer.
1 have but a word more to say on this subject.
The purpose I had in view has been accomplished.
It was to draw the attention of the Iiouse to the
chaiacter of the amendment, it was to say to
I the House that this was the first instance in which
j such a provision has been attempted to heJn-
i grafted on a territorial bill. It was to call on the
i House to-determiae now whether it will utterly
| repudiate the idea of negro political equality m
| the Territories, or whether it will give countenance
i to the possibility of its conceding that point. 1
j want the gentlemen who are to-day in power in
1 this House to tell us promptly by their action
