1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
libei tie«i of this, country are in gre?tfer<1angerto-<iay from th<>
coiniptums and uom tlio profligacy ptaetieed in the vat i-
ous Department* or'tl)P Government, than they aie irom the
enemy m tile open field."
I do not thmkso; but ho docs. I have no doubt
there are corruptions. A warlike this involving
an expenditure of thousands of millions of dol-
lars, is not to be curried on without a consider-
able deal of picking'and stealing; but that any of
the higher members of the Government are par-
ties to any cm ruction of that description I will
not believe til! forced to believe it by proof that
leaves no doubt; and then I will hang, my head
in shame when 1 am forced to believe it. Did any
one dream of expelling the honorable member
from New Hampshire > And yet a speech like
that read in the halls of the confederate congress,
read at the head of the confederate armies, any-
body sees is calculated to give aid and comfort.
But there are other things, Mr. President, to
be considered beside the influence of opinion in
relation to our own Government, expressed from
time to time upon the floor of this body or in the
other House. What would bo the state of the
country if they were prohibited? Suppose the
honorable member from New Hampshue is right
—I have a right to suppose it—that corruption is
to be found everywhere, that no department0/the
Government is exempt from it, that it is sapping
the foundations of our power, diminishing our
strength; ought he not to tell it, or is he to wait
until the time shall come when all will tumble
into ruins by the rottenness of the original foun-
dation; for what is the foundation on which we
stand, on which the Government stands5 Free-
dom, not wild and licentious, freedom under the
law, freedom secured by the law, freedom re-
strained by the law; and, as a general rule, a Sen-
ator who believes that wrong is being done has
not only a right, but it is an obligation, to rise in
his place and denounce it.
Now, Mr. President, the honorable member
from Michigan has told us—to that extent i agree
with his speech, I would not change a word or a.
letter of it—that war is war. That I admit; and
I also admit that subjugation is subjugation by
force. The honorable member said the otherday,
as I understood him—but of course I understood
him incorrectly, because he so state*—that the
subjugation which he meant was that subjugation
which might perhaps not be within the power of
the Government to accomplish until every dollar
of the money and every man of the loyal States
was exhausted.
Mr. HOWARD. The Senator from Maryland
will pardon me for conecting him?
Mr. JOHNSON. Oeitamly.
Mr. HOWARD. What I said the other day
was that I believed the people of the loyal States
were not such fools as to lose one hum! ted and
fifty thousand or two hundred thousand lives in
the prosecution of this war, and spend a vast
amount of treasure, and after that turn around and
say to traitors who might present themselves here
for admission to this body with their handsdnp-
ping with blood,u You are wclcome to this body."
X believe that was the sentiment which i uttered
the other day. 1 cei tain I y did not say that I would
expend the last dollar and the last drop of blood
in the loyal States before J would see such an ad-
mission as that; but that seems to have been the
construction winch the Senator from Maryland
put upon my words, or rather his misapprehen-
sion of my language. I certainly never said any
such thing as that. What I nuan now to say,
and what I do say, is that i would light this war
through for the restoration of the Union and the
reestablishment of the Constitution and laws of
the United States so long as I could find a man,
woman, or child 111 the loyal States willing to
contubute a dollar or able to raise a musket or
push a bayonet. That is my opinion.
Mr. JOHNSON. Of course, Mr. Piesident,it
was m y misappi ehension. I know the Senator too
well to suppose that he would state away anything
that he had before stated to the S(nate. He is
not in the habit of expressing himself v/ithoutie-
flection, and lie generally adheres to what he has
said, and very pioperiy.
According to the honorable member's state-
ment to-day of what he means by subjugation,
thei e is no difference between him and the Senator
from Kentucky, or, as far as I know, any Scna-
If he means that this war
should be carried on until the rebel military power
is put an end to, or, 111 his own language, that the
subjugation by war should be canied to the ex-
tent of putting fin cud to the military power of the
rebellion, he and the Senator fiom Kentucky can
shake hands. Has anybody heard the Senator
fiom Kentu-'ky soy that that military power was
not to ho broken down; that the rebellion was not
to be arrested; that the Constitution of the United
States was not to be reinstated ? Certainly not.
Now, Mr. President, a word upon the meaning
of one or two of these resolutions, and I shall
cease to trouble the Senate. I may be mistaken,
but I do not think 1 am, in the opinion that there
is nothing 111 any one of these resolutions that
indicaies any revolutionai y purpose. That they
do not meet with my approval, 1 have already
said; and the probability is that they will not meet
the approval of any other member of the Senate
than the Senator whooflWs them; hut that is not
the question. Did he mean in offering them to
subvert the Government of the United "States by
force? I think not. In the liist place, it would
be dealing very harshly with the member from
Kentucky to put that interpretation upon his res-
olutions, or any one of his resolutions, when he
tells you in his place in the Senate orally and in
writing that he dreamed of no such tiling; it was
not 111 liis mind's eye at all; what he meant was
that the people should come to the rescuc—how?
Is there anything treasonable in invoking the peo-
ple? Whose Government is it ? Is it not the Gov-
ernment of thepeople? If I understood the hon-
orable member from Michigan, there are only two
of these resolutions which are obnoxious to that
chatge. One h the tourteenth resolution, which
I is " that the present executive Government of the
United States has subverted, for the time, in laige
portions of the loyal States," cei tain sccui ities of
liberty which are enumeiated.
What does that mean? Taken in connection
with the context, it only means that the Execu-
tive- has violated the Constitution of the United
States. Is that opinion peculiar to the Senator
from Kentucky? Have we not heard it said upon
this floor with reference to some of the acts of the
Departments of the Government' Certainly we
have; or, what amounts to the same thing, that,
having no authority to expend money except
when laws for the appropriation of the money
have been passed, the War Department has ex-
pended money without such authoi ity,and to that
extent has violated the Constitution; but it was
justified upon tin: ground of necessity. What is
i, meant, then, by the teim " subverted," as used
i: in this connection, simply is that the Piesidentof
|i the United States has transcended the power con-
j[ ferred upon him by the Constitution, and thathy
![ so tiaiiscendihg he did for the time subveit the
|[ Constitution; in other words, what he did was
jj not under the Constitution but outside of the
j; Constitution.
j: Then it goes on to speak of the trial of parties
j! charged with ciim<'by courts-martial; and 1 was
,! a hide surprised to hear the honotable member
i from Michigan say thai because the conclusion of
I that resolution is that <dl which is stated m the
j preceding part ol the jesolntion (one of winch is
) tin use of courts-mat tial) " must be lepudmted jj
J and swept away by the sovereign people,'M10 j;
j considered the- Hi n.itoi fiom Kentucky as calling |!
upon the soveiuign people to violate tin* Const!- |j
intion by foice of arms, b( cause as he said courts- |[
j maitial were known to the Constitution and there [j
! was no way to act r;d of coir, ts-nui tial except by i|
! some authority paramount to the Constitution; jj
; and that, consequently, when the people were t\
1 asked to subveit the ttial by coui t-martial, to ;j
| s wet p u away, it was meant Una the people should i|
, take the law into their own hands, ami by foice jj
' of aims dnve away the PreMdtnt and those who |l
. are acting aw his judges upon these military courts.
If I undei sL.nd ihe Imnoiable member from Mieh-
i igan correctly, ho is under the mrptession that
tliat cannot be done under the Constitution, be-
cause (.ourts-martial are known to the military
law, and an Army and a Navy are provided for
by the Constitution, and that c« m ts-martial there-
fore ate known to and provided for by the Con-
stitution, and cannot be dispensed with.
| That is something new to me. Congress have
; the authonty to iaise armies, and the exclusive
'i authority. Tiny have tlio authonty to pass ail ■
!i IhwsuihI regulations necessary in their judgment i
to render their armies effective. Have they not the
power to constitute a commission to try all offenses
of a military description? i should not have sup-
posed, if the honorable member from Michigan
had not taken a different view, that there could
be two opinions on that question. In the be- •
ginning of the Government and during the war of
1812, if Senators will reflect back upon some of
the questions which that contest gave rise to, it
was the admitted constitutional mle that, although
courts-martial were not dispensed with by legis-
lation, they could not be made to try constuution-
• ally any other offenders than those who belonged
to the Army and Navy proper; not civilians hang-
ing about the camp, not contractors 
Mr. HOWARD. The Senator from Maryland
will excuse me?
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly.
Mr. HOWARD. Do I understand him to con-
vey the idea that in the naval service and the mili-
tary service of the United States, courts-martial
can be dispensed with*
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly I do.
Mr. HOWARD. Then the Senator will par-
don me for another question?
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly.
Mr. HOWARD. How will he carry out the
piovision that in all trials under the laws of the
United States except these, the accused shall be
entitled to trial by jury ? How is he going to carry
out that provision ? How is he going to call a jury
in the military service of the United States?
Mr. JOHNSON. That is a question of expe-
diency, and not a question of constitutional law.
Mr. HOWARD. No, sir, it is a question of
power.
Mr. JOHNSON. I will answer the honorable
Senatot in a moment. The provision to tfhich
he adverts was inserted in the Constitution in
order to prevent everybody from being tried by
courts-martial or any other tribunal that Congress
in its wisdom might think proper to adopt. It
was inserted for the purpose of securing to every
person the right of trial by jury; but upon con-
siderations of policy, looking to the particular
character of the naval and military service, it
was deemed advisable to take out of that guar-
antee of tiial by juiy persons 111 the military or
naval service. But nobody ever dreamed—I
speak it with due respect—that it was in the
power of Congress to say that persons commit-
ting military offenses might not be tried by a jury
or by a commission. IIow is it now? A man
commits murder on board one of your ships; he
is brought into the United States; the murder is
committed upon the high seas; becomes into a
district of the United States; do you try him by
court-martial? Certainly not. You indict him,
tiy him for muider under the laws of the United
s States, as you must do, it being an offense com-
mitted out of the jurisdiction of a particular State;
but it would be something extmoidinary that
Congress, who are authorized to make rules and
i regulations for the land and naval forces, could
I not by regulation provide a different mode of try-
. ing offenders in the land or naval forces than the
i particular mode guarantied to the citizen who
j commits some criminal offense, not beinga inem-
• bei of the military or the naval service.
! The honorable member seems to suppose that
: in that sentence in one of these resolutions which
says that treason may be committed against a
State by the President of the United States, there
is treason. In what does the treason consist? It
has been doubted whether there can be treason as
against a State; but the doubt no longer exists.
Mr. Justice Story—1 speak from recollection—
imimates an opinion that as an oiigmal question
it mio*ht be doubtful, not because a State has not
the authoiity to punish treason, but because the
same act that constitutes treason as against a
State is necessarily an act that constitutes tieason
against the United States, and as the authority of
the United States is an authority paramount to the
authonty of thq States, with reference to the
power of trial, the first authority is merged in the
second. Rut that doubt no lonsrer exists. Were
not peisons tried for tieason in the State of Rhode
Island? The ease came up to the Supxeme Court.
Did lawy ei or judge intimate an opinion that there
was no authority to try him who attempted to
subvert by force of arms the constitution of Rhode
Island? Certainly not. Well, if there can be
treason against a State, then every man who comes
