THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 28,
one of us of the 'minority that perhaps do not feel
quite so great a responsibility as the gentlemen
of the -majority—it would be quite enough for us
to prSss o  the President a thing like that. I rec-
ollect.once—1 was top young to know very much
about these questions and too careless about them
to care m,uch—that the Democracy in Congress
vindicate*! themselves before the country in voting
for the Wilmot proviso on the ground that they
intended to test President Taylor on that question.
I never could see the morality of it; I never could
see the right of it; but I did feel afterwards,
■when I knew more about public affairs than I did
then, that it was a heavy blow on the head of the
Democracy when they gave that vote. It never
does good to try to place any department of the
Government in a false position before the coun-
try. I do not think the minority here have that
right; alid it is upon my conscience to treat the
President of the United States in these times fairly
and honestly.
Two years ago the majority, when they found
the President could not, upon his conscience, say
that there should be a forfeiture beyond the life
of the owner, yielded to that, although tho ma-
jority had not then said in plain terms by law
that it should go beyond the life; they accommo-
dated the conscience of the President upon that
question, and came to the letter of the Constitu-
tion and said the forfeiture should not be beyond
the life, and they got the approval of the Presi-
dent. After getting his approval by a joint ies-
olution, have you aright now to strike that joint
resolution out which secured his apprpvai? 1
put it to you as honorable men. Two yeaisago
you secured his approval, by (his joint resolu-
tion, of a measure that, upon his conscicnce and
under hta oath, he said he could not approve
standing alone; and having secured his approval,
nave you a right now to strike that joint resolu-
tion from under htm ? It is for gentlemen of the
majority to decide that question. I shall stand
by what I believe to be the Constitution and the
right. If there were no constitutional question
in this, if my feet were not at alt fettered by the
provision of the Constitution, yet knowing the
fact that Congress had secured an executive ap-
proval by a joint resolution,! would not vote to
strike that joint resolution from under his feet.
You said he might stand upon it, and you have
jto right to take that platform from underneath
him. It is fair to let him stand there. He has
said deliberately to the country this is his con-
science on the subject, and will you pay no re-
gard to his conscience upon it? You did two
years ago, and why not now ? Have your heai ts
bccome more ciuel that you will not stop where
you did then? What did the majority say two
years ago in this law? That to insure the speedy
tclimnaiion of the present rebellion the President
shall st*ize the propeity of lebels for the purpose
of confiscation; the case shall go into the court
as a proceeding in rem, and the judicial proceed-
ings shall result in a judgment, and judgment in
sale, and thereby confiscation. , That is what
you said, not merely as a matter of punishment,
but as a law to be held in ttrroremover the rebel.
"That to insure the speedy termination of the
rebellion." That was the purpose of the law as
declared in its own letter. To secure a speedy
termination of the rebellion you passed this law,
and how? By threatening rebels that if they do
not come back within a certain time after the
proclamation of the President is issued they shall
be liable by a forfeiture of their estates for life,
not-as a punishment after it is ail over. And al-
though my party associations do not make me a
very ardent admirer of General Fremont, yet 1
must say that on this subject of confiscation I
think he has expressed better philosophy than
almost any gentleman of his party. In the com-
mencement of a rebellion it may be well and wise
to deter men from going into it, to say to them
"if you doit you do it under the liability of
losing your estates;" but when the rebellion is
nearly through or quite through, us a matter of !
mere punishment it is not to be respected. For- j
feiture as a matter of punishment is not a favorite ;
idea in America; it never has been, and i pray to ;
God it never may be. We can see something of
its work, if we redd the history of England, in the
civil broils and strifes that for so many years rent
that country, especially during the wars of the
Rosea, when the. victor of to-day might be the
captive of to-morrow, and estates were being con-
fiscated. The effect upon society of the confis-
cation was anything but good, as all readers of
the history of that country very well know. And
when our fathers came to frame this Constitution
they said that the sins of the father should not
be visited upon the children; and is there a Sen-
ator here that will not respond from his heart to
that sentiment of our glorious fathers? Who
wants to pursue the child for the sin of the father?
The infidel world forcenturieshas carped at that
passage in the decalogue in which it is said that
the sinsof the father arc visited upon the children
to the third and fourth generations, because that
was not well understood. In my judgment, the
effect of the sins of the fathers is to fall upon the
children; but I do not think it is a decree of Heaven
that the child shall be punished for the sins of the
father.
But without reference to that, is any Senator
here willing to say that the position assumed by
our fathets in the Constitution was wrong? And
now leaving out the letter what is the spirit of the
Constitution ? I choose to be governed by the spit it
when it is plain and manifest. It is that when
the traitor is brought into court and is tried and
by his peers condemned his estate shall not be
forfeited beyond his lifetime. That is the letter.
If we take his property without taking his per-
son, and upon an ex parte proceeding, a proceed-
ing in rem alone will decree a forfeiture of his es-
tate, can that piocecding go further than if there
were the full investigation of the merits of this
conduct in court? It is absurd to say it. It is
not a proper construction of the Constitution.
Mr. President, I have said veiy nearly all upon
this subject that I desire to say. 1 felt that there
were these serious objections to this measure. It
isa measure of very considerable consequence to
the country,and 1 did not feel that I couldgive my
vote against it without making these brief re-
marks. I 1 egret that I have felt it my duty at so
laie an hour of the night to occupy the attention
of the Senate at ull. It is a grave question, es-
pecially the question presented by the amend-
ment of the Senator from Illinois. Does any Sen-
ator believe that this rebellion is to be put down
by laying his hand upon the property of the chil-
dien for the crime of the fathers? I do not believe
such cruelty will ever be blessed by Heaven. It is
not accoidmg to the course of Providence that it
should be blessed.
When we come to settle this greataccountabout
this rebellion, 1 know now vei y well how it will be
settled if u is cvt r settled upon a luusis of reunion.
It will be settled by no .such principles us are
found in the amendment of the Sonator from Illi-
nois. And while the counsels such as are incor-
porated into this amendment prevail llook for no
peaee, 1 look for no restoration. The Senator
says that he wants to see the rebel killed, de-
stroyed, destruction all over his land,and he had
almost said that he wished he was visited with
damnation. Senators, if you want to settle this
gieat question, will you send the Senator fiom Illi-
nois to settle it? Who here takes counsel of his
hatred? in this body we represent not only the
present but the future. It may be for the time
that we would gratify a passion of the hour, but
when we look to the future, full of consequences
to our children, we certainly are not willing to be
governed by the sentiments that the Senator says
animated him when he presented this amendment.
Mr. President, I will move to strike fiom the
amendment of the committee the amendmentpro-
posed by the Senator from Illinois, and upon that
motion at the proper time I shall ask for the yeas
and nays.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Indiana will
be reported.
The Secretary read, as follows:
St! ike our the following section :
shut be it Jurther enactcd, That tfie la^t clause of a joint
resolution e.xptanatoiy of an act to >uppuvss m^uneeiioi!,
to punish treason ami M'beliion, to am! confiscate tiio
piopeity of rebels, and tor other purposes, appioved Juiy
17, be, and the same is hereby, repealed.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, I will not
stop to answer the Senator from Indiana, [Mr.
Hendricks,] because 1 do not think that the line
of policy which he has adopted since he became
a member of this Senate is such as to warrant
the belief that he is thoroughly, heartily devoted
to the cause of the Government in this contest, nor
should I infer, either from his speeches or his
votes, that he is very deeply enlisted in the cause
for which our brave soldiers are fighting and suf-
fering and dying on the battle-field.
But 1 rise to speak in regard to the Senator fro^i
Kentucky, [Mr. Davis.] The Senator from Ken-
tucky when he first came into this body cams
upon my motion: I moved to expel John C.
Breckinridge, and upon my motion a vacancy waa
made that the Senator from Kentucky fills. I
am sometimes inclined to regret that motion. I
believe that John C. Breckinridge could not have
rendered as much aid and comfort to the rebels in
arms as his successor has done, and I,sometimes
regret that I moved his expulsion; but 1 did it,
and I have no remarks to make about it. John
C. Breckinridge known to be a traitor to his
Government; John C. Breckimidge was in aims
against his Government; John C. Breckimidge
has been fighting against the Government like an
honest man, if a traitor can be an honest man.
Several Senators. You mean an honest rebel.
Mr. CHANDLER. So far as t#8 rebels are
concerned, fighting like an honest man. But John
C. Breckinridge has not rendered one tithe of the
aid and comfort to rebels that his successor has
done. He has fought perhaps, and fought well.
I do not know. He is a traitor; an open, an
avowed, a bold traitor; but he has done very little
in my estimation to injure the Union cause. I
moved his expulsion. Very soon after the arri-
val of the Senator from Kentucky he called upon
mo and desired me to move the expulsion of his
colleague. I was disposed to do it because I be-
lieved his colleague and John C. Breckimidgo
were alike in their sentiments; but after a time I
changed my views, and my friend from Minne-
sota [Mr. Wilkinson] did move the expulsion
of the Senator's colleague, and I did not, A dis-
cussion of loyalty ensued, in which both the Sen-
ators from Kentucky engaged, and I was con-
vinced by both of them that each was a traitor,
and I said to the Senator from Minnesota, " If you
will include both in your lesolution I will \oto
to expel them both. 1 will not vote to expel either
one of them unless you include both;" and I call
upon the Senator from Minnesota to say if 1 did
not say that to him.
Mr. WILKINSON. That is so.
Mr. CHANDLER. Their arguments were
both conclusive. There was no dodging eitherof
their arguments. Each Senator proved his col-
league to be a traitor beyond any pcradventure
whatever. I did not vote to etfpel the Senator
from Kentucky, [Mr. Powell,] and I made a
mistake in stating the other night that I did vote
to expel him. I had forgotten it. I thought! did,
but I did not. 1 did not vote at all; I dodged tho
vote; but, sir, I would have voted to expel both,
if my fiiend from Minnesota had done what I
asked him to do, but he did not doit. We have
been sitting here for three years listening to trea-
son,absolute treason, nothing more nor less. The
very men who elected the Senator from Ken-
tucky have assured me that the State of Kentucky
never would have senthim here if they had known
his sentiments. Mr. Piesident, i wish to be par-
liamentary in my language; I accuse no man on
this floor of being a traitor.
Mr. DAVIS. Do you make that accusation
against me ?
Mr. CHANDLER. No, sir, I do not; I say I
accuse no man.
Mr. DAVIS. You did it a few minutes ago.
Mr. CHANDLlilt. 1 accuse no man of being
a traitor.
Mr. DAVIS. You accused me of being a trai-
tor.
Mr. CHANDLER. I tell the gentleman I ac-
cuse no man of being a traitor; but if you want
to make a personal contest with me you can
have it.
Mr. DAVIS advanced toward Mr. Chandler's
desk.
Mr. HALE. Order.
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 say 1 accuse no man on
this floor of being a traitor, because eveiy man
has taken an oath to support this Government, and
I accuse no man on this floor of being a tiaitor,
I assume that no man can take the oath to sup-
port the Constitution of the United States and
support this Government and be a traitor. But
I say that no man can support and sustain the
