350
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
into a State owes allegiancc to it, and if he com-
mits an act which will be treason as against the
State, if commuted by a citizen of the State, he
is equally liable to trial and to punishment. Sup-
pose the President of the United States goes into
the State of Kentucky without authority, in the
attitude of adictator, a usurper,seeks to trample
upon the rights of Kentucky, to subvert her con-
stitution and laws by force of arms, does he not
commit treason? IIow is he to defend himself?
Should he be indicted, he will hold up the Con-
stitution, and say, " Here is my protection; you
have no right to interfere with me; lam the leader
of the armies of the United States by force of this
instrument." The answer will at once be, " That
is true; but your power is limited; you have no
authority to do any acts except such as are ne-
cessary by you to be done in executing the laws
of the United States and seeing that the integrity
of the United States is subserved, and you have no
authority to war as against the constitution of any
State." It would consolidate the Governmentat
once, as far as the President is concerned. Mem-
bers of Congress could not do it with impunity;
but according to the theory of the honorable mem-
ber from Michigan, a President of the United
States may march with his cohorts throughout
the loyal States or throughout any of the States
of the Union, break down their trials by jury,
disregard their election laws, set at defiance their
constitution, and do it by force of arms, and can
do it with pcrfect legal impunity. I think thatin
that particular the honorable member is clearly
mistaken.
Now, sir, the only other objectionable expres-
sion is a word to be found in the thirteenth res-
olution of the series, and it is principally on the
meaning of that word that the honorable member
from Massachusetts, who offered the resolution
of expulsion, rests the propriety of that resolution.
It says:
"That at Hie beginning of thfswai, under the panic of
the defeatof Hull Run, tilt* party in power protested to carry
it on for the Constitution, and to put down the rebellion
and vindicate the laws and authority of the (Timed States
in the indigent State*, and wiion that was elfcoted it was
to cease."
That looks a good deal like tiuth, according to
my recollection of the fact.
" But nioi e than a year ago (mother, and a p:u amount and
unconstitutional one, the total subvention of slavery, was
inaugurated b> them."
Then he goes on to state what has been since
unconstitutionally done, as lie thinks. About that
there are differences of opinion, and very honest
differences of opinion; and lus opinion being that
all these acts are acts of constitutional violation
he goes on to say that—
u Verily, the people North and the people South ought
to revolt against their war-ie.uler<, and t.ike this great mat-
ter into their own hands, and elect members to a national
convention ol all the States, to terminate a war that is en-
riching hundieds of thou-ami* of othceiV1 &c-
It is said that the word " levolt" as there used
necessarily means, and must have been intended
by the Senator to mean, revolt by i'oico of anna,
the rising up of the people id their might, regard-
less of constitutional r> stnetions, putting down
the President. Now, in (he fust place, the hon-
orable member from Kentucky says that he used
the woid with no such purpose. That,as I think,
ought to be sufficient. A man who uses an ex-
pression m court which, according to the judge's
inteiprctation of it and the correct interpretaUou
of it unexplained, is a contempt, is always per-
mitted, m every couit that I know of, to purge
himself of the contempt by saying that ho had no
such pui pose as that imputed to linn. Would you
apply a harder rule to a Senator? You say he
meant it. Why? Because you would have meant
it if you had used the same word. Hut does
everybody place thesanie meaning upon thesame
language ? Since this session commenced have we
not been obliged,each one of us, to explain away
something that had been misunderstood? We
certainly have. Are we not all liable to blunders,
if they be blunders, of that description? And
wh'Mi the Senator says to you, " No matter what
may be the meaning of the term ' revolt,' as that
trim may be defined in Webster or Richardson or
Worcester, or anywhere else, I tell you, upon my
honor as a Senator, I meant no such thing us to
convey to the puhli'c the meaning which you at-
tribute, " ought not that to be sufficient? What
would the honorable member fromMassachusetts
think if he had used an expression that was al-
leged to be disloyal, disrespectful to the Senate,
insulting to any individual Senator, and he was
arraigned at the bar of the Senate to account for
such an expression, and said that he did not mean
what was attributed to him, if the Senate should
act upon the assumption that he told a falsehood,
that he did mean it, and attempted to avoid re-
sponsibility by a false and unfounded explana-
tion? His heart would rise at once almost into
his throat, and say that a greater injustice never
was perpetrated upon an honorable man than to
call in question the truth of his own statement.
And how is this explanation made? By whom
is it made? Is the honorable member from Ken-
tucky so forgetful of what is due to himself as a
man of honor and a Senator as to seek to retain
his place on this floor by a mere pitiful evasion,
and above all by a falsehood ? I beg his pardon
for supposing even hypothetically that such a
thing could be said of him. We saw the contrary
feeling exemplified this morning. He who has
only now ceased to he a member of this body
[referring to Mr. Bayard] told you that he took
that oath to save himself from the imputation of
disloyalty which the public might cast upon him
from really not knowing his character, but he in-
tended to resign his post because he believed that
the Senate had tianscended its constitutional
power in exacting that oath at his hands, and be-
cause he believed that the precedent was full of
evil to the country. He has long been a member
of this body, and in every instance when he gave
his lime and attention to its deliberations one of
the most intelligent and effective men in the body,
proud of the title, a title that almost descended
to him from an ancestor of whom lie might if
possible be still more proud; but yet he told you,
and told you from his heart, as you saw in the
words in which he uttered it, that he could not
forfeit his self-iuspcct by remaining in this body,
and, as he felt that that respect would be forfeited
by remaining, he surrendered his trust into the
hands of his State. So would the Senator from
Kentucky rnther,ten thousand times rather, sur-
render the commission with which his State has
honored him than attempt to hold it by a miser-
able evasion and falsehood. All that he means,
therefore, as i understand him, even without his
explanation, is that the people of the country are
to take the matter into their own hands, and apply
for themselves the remedy. How arc they to do
it? Not outside of the Constitution, but under
the Constitution.
But, says the honorable member from Michigan
—and the honorable member from Massachusetts
who offered the resolution stated, as I recollect, the
same thing in the speech with which he opened
this debate—the treasonable purpose of the resolu-
tion of the Senator from Kentucky is evidenced by
the fact that he speaks of the people meeting in na-
tional convention. Well, I should like to know if
the people have not the right to meet in convention.
Cannot the people of the United States, if they
think proper, meet where they please, for what
purpose they please, if the purpose be constitu-
tional? That is a question that I supposed nobody
coulddoubtabout. Do they not meet in national
convention, or are not their representatives sup-
posed so to meet, when they nominate a candidate
for the Presidency? Cei tainly. Is that national con-
vention provided foi in the Constitution' Ceitamly
not. The whole objict of the system which has
been in force for the last thirty or forty years, of
having national conventions, is merely to embody
the public sentiment, and nothing else; and if they
have a right to meet in natioi.il convention to em-
body the public sentiment of the country in ref-
eiencc to who shall be President and Vice Presi-
dent of the United States, ] want to know if the
people have not the light to do the same thing as
concerns the policy of the Government. It may
he dangerous; it may lead to mischief; and I am
not here an advocate of that mode of conecting
the alleged grievance if it exist; but I addi ess my-
self exclusively to the constitutional question,and
I app'-al to Sonatois to look at the Constitution
and point out any single provision in it which
denies the people of the United States the light
to meet in convention, and to call it national or
international oi any other name by which they
think proper to baptize it. That national conven-
tion is, among other things, " to terminate the
war that is enriching hundreds of thousands of
officers, plunderers, and spoilsmen in the loyal
States, and threatens the masses of both sec-
tions," &c.
How are they " to terminate the war?" Through
the constituted authorities of the Union bringing
to bear upon them the public opinion of the coun-
try, telling Senators " what you are doing is lead-
ing to ruin," telling members " what you are do-
ing, instead of subjugating the military power of
the rebels serves but to coalesce it, to add to it.'5
And I say with all the solemnity with which an
opinion can be expressed by S Senator, that m
my judgment the ultra measures which now seem
to be the favorite measures of the Government,
that is to say, the measure of destroying slavery
in the States, of enforcing the confiscation laws,
of distributing the lands among the loyal soldiers
or among blacks, do more to keep alive the re-
bellion than any one cause, or perhaps all causes
combined; and it does it because it gives the means
to the leaders of this dreadful rebellion of work-
ing upon the fears and the apprehensions of the
masses of the people, keeping them up toward the
last in order to preserve what they are made to
believe, and do believe, are their rights.
I submit, therefore, Mr. President—asking par-
don for having trespassed upon the Senate so
long, cei tainly much longer than I intended—that
I was very'sincere in what I said when I rose to
address the Senate, that I could have wished the
honorable member from Massachusetts had not
presented the resolution which gives rise to this
debate, not only for the reasons which I have in-
dicated, but bccause it was calculated to produce
very unkind feelings among the members, illus-
trated by the passages which passed between the
honorable Senator and the Senator from Kentucky,
which, I am sure, everybody will agree should
always be avoided, if it is possible to avoid them
consistent with duty. Ourdcliberations are sure
to be more conducive to the public interest if we
avoid all personalities and agply ourselves exclu-
sively to the business of preserving the institu-
tions of the country and putting down the rebel-
lion which seeks to destroy them.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. President, it is obvious
that the Senate is to divide on the question under
consideration; and before the vote is taken, I wish
to say a few words in explanation of the vote I
shall give.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I rise to ask my colleague,
as the hour is late, whether he wishes to go on this
evening?
Mr. MORRILL. I will do just as the Senate
please in that particular. I am at the pleasure of
the Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
Mr. WILSON. I hope the motion to ad journ
will be withdrawn, so that we may have a short ex-
ecutive session in order to confirm an Assistant
Secretary of War.
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 withdraw my motion.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to; and after sometime
spent in executive session, the doors were re-
opened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, January 26, 1864.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. W. H. Ciianning.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
CONTESTED ELECTION.
The SPEAKER laid before the House certain
depositions in the contested-election case of James
Lindsay vs. John G. Scott, from the third congres-
sional districtof Missouri; which were referred to
the Committee of Elections.
CLA13I OF GENERAL GARRARD AND OTHERS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of War, in
answer to the resolution of the House of January
18, 1864, transmitting papers relative to the claim
of General T. J. Garrard and others, for the de-
struction of their salt and salt-works in January,
1862; which was referred to the Committee of
Claims, and ordered to be printed.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
Mr. ROLLINS, of New Hampshire. I ask the
unanimous consentof the House to withdraw from
