1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
851:
the files of the House the papers in the cases of j
John P. Sherburne, H. Clay Wood, and 1). L. !
Moulton. !
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is the ;
usual rule to leave copies of the papers. I
Mr. ROLLINS, of New Hampshire. I have
no objection to that.
The SPEAKER. If therS be no objection,
leave will be granted for the withdrawal of the
papers, if copies are left on file. The Chair hears
no objection.
CONFISCATED PROPERTY.
The House then resumed the consideration of
the regular order ot business, being the consider-
ation of joint resolution of the House, No. 18,
reported Yiom the Committee on the Judiciary, to
amend a joint resolution explanatory of " An act
to suppress insurrection, to punish treason and re-
bellion, to seize and confiscate the property of reb-
els, and for other purposes," approved July 17,
1862.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. Mr. Speaker, in re-
viewing this disastrous and desolating- war, I am
sure that posterity will refer to the legislation of the
last Congress as one of the most eventful incidents
of our history, which, whether regarded in reference
to the magnitude of the questions involved or the
interests involved, or indeed the novelty of those
questions,was the most remarkable and extraordi-
nary conventionthateverassembled in thisorany
other country, in this or any other age. Precipi-
tately called together to deal with these new and
great questions, it would indeed have been extraor-
dinary if it had not made mistakes, and I think
it cannot be charged that we criticise too severely
eitherthe patriotism orthe wisdom of thclastCon-
gtess when we say that it did make mistakes. The
proposition now before the House is one that
grows as a natural result, not only of hasty legis-
lation, but of that class of legislation which seeks
to accomplish its own objects without reference
oricgard to the oiganic law which should control
every department of our Government. The joint
resolution reported from the Judiciary Committee
proposes in effect to repeal the joint resolution
adopted on the 17th of July, 1862,whichjoint reso-
lution was explanatoty, or ratherconstructive, of
the confiscation act. 1 ask the Clerk to read the
resolution now before the House.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Resolved by the Senate and II)me of Representatives of
the United States of Jlmciica in Congress assembled. That
the last clatHP of a joint regulation explanatory of "An
art to suppress lnsuriuetion, to pum>h treason and rebel-
lion, to seize and comitate the propeit\ ofrcbeN, and for
othci purpose,'5 appioved July 17. IKH, be.aiaitlic >m\n>
herein' is. so amended a* to read. " nor shall any punish-
ment or preceding under taid act be s<> construed a^ to
woik a iorfeituie ot the estate of the otfender except duiing
Jus hie " This amendment, being intended to limit tin; opor
anon and effect ot the said ie-olution and aet. and tlie.^.inu;
ate hereby limited,only so f.ir a* to make them eontoimable
to section tnree ot aiticle thic^ ot Constitution of the
United States : 1'rovidcd, That no other public varnin? or
proclamation undet the ncto! July H, ]£G>, chapter ninety-
five, section mx, is, oi bhnll be. lequued titan the piodu-
mation of the President made and published b> hint on the
2oth day of J uly, 1W03, which proclamation to made *hall
he received ami held '•ufik-ient in all ca-es now pending, oi
which may heicaftei .iri*.e undei >aid act.
Mi. FERNANDO WOOD. As directly bear-
ding, Mr. Speakei, upon the question of confisca-
tion, it is necessary to go back fora few moments
to i efei' to the circumstances attending the pas^ago
of that law. It will he remembered that both
Houses of Congress had the question before them
simultaneously, that the question was very thor-
oughly discussed, and that the two Houses disa-
greed as to the peculiar features of the bill, and a
conference committee was appointed between the
two Houses. On the part of this House the chaii-
man of the Judiciary Committee and a distin-
guished gentleman from Massachusetts consti-
tuted the committee; and on the pai tofthe Senate
a distinguished gentleman from New Hampshire,
and another gentleman from New Ym k, consti-
tuted the conference committee. About this time,
sir, and at the very moment that the confiscation
act was being passed through both Houses of
Congress, it was suspected that the President of
the United States would veto the bill. If it be in
order, (as to which I have some doubt,) I desire
the Clerk to read what took place in the Senate as
part of the history of this legislation.-
The Clerk read, as follows:
"Mr. OiiARK. t move to amend the iesolution''- 
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. Let mo interpose
the remark here that tins is the clause of the joint
resolution of July 17, 186^, which it is now pro-
posed to repeal. The House had adopted a joint
iesolution and sent it to the Senate, and it was
then that this debate occurred.
The Clerk read, as follows:
"Mi. Clark. I move to amend the iesolution by add-
ing:
" Nor shall any punishment or proceedings under said
act be so construed as to work a forfeiture of the real estate
ot the offender beyond his natural life.
" Mr. Tki'mbull. 1 cannot consent to that amendment.
The Senate will observe it U averyimportantamendment.
It piovide* that youshull confiscate the leal estate only for
life. What vviil that amount to? What is a life estate
worth m lands in the West, where these tiaitors chiefly
hold their real estate ? It is not worth anything; itamounts
to nothing. Aecoiding to the pnuciples of this bill,! think
there can be no question about the constitutional power
to seize the pioperty of these tnutois who have run away.
Take the ca^e which I have so often alluded to in the Sen-
: ate, that of Mi. Slidell, who owns foiry thousand acres of
' land in the State of Illinois. You cannot reach Mr. Slidell
! to punish lum; you cannot institute pioccedings against
! him ; ho is not in the countiy; piobably never will be in
i the countiy; yet lie has property in my Slate winch was
! worth moie than §100,000 some time ago, which would
; piobablv sell lot $100,000 now. The life estate in that
I piopei ty is not woith anj thing; it would not sell for any-
, thing. It seems to me there is no trouble m reaching that
i property. 1 cannot consent to this amendment. I do not
i wi-h to take up time at this stage of the session, but I tiust
! the amendment will not be agreed to b> the Senate.
{ Mr. Clark. I tru<t the amendment will be agreed to.
I It may be sometimes, desirable to secure as much as we
i nan, if we cannot  et ail we wish. I would desire to get
the ical estate in fee; but if we cannot do that, it may be
j worth while lor us to consider whether we will not take
j the personal property of the individual and the real estate
! for 11!o, if we eanno't get the estate in fee.
" mi. Sherman. i should like to know by what author-
ity the Senator sa\s we cannot yet any more, because if
we an acting under a kind of duiess, i want to under-
stand it.
i Mr. Clark. i do not say that we aie acting under any
| duress; but U liwv be that theie may be objections to the
! bill a> it now stands, -oinevfliere, and it may be that an
I amendment hk" tin- will cute the difficulty and enable us
i to gei ovc{ it. r suggest to Senators wheihei'it may not be
| belter to adopt the amendment m that view of it, rather
t than to ieject it.
| "Mr. Sherman. If the Senator fiom New Hampshire
i will state to us in explicit language that the President of
j the (Tinted States will veto the lull unless we pass this
i amendment, i am in tavor of pas-ms it; hut i want to
| tiirow that responsibility upon those who ought propeily to
: assuiiu- it. 1 will not slink my>eif. and 1 do not want an\-
body el-e to -link. If tiie Piesident desires to say that in
his \ lew of the Constitution—and j do not criticise him—■
lie wishes tins amendment in order to enable him consci-
entiously to sign the bill, i will pass it; but i want him to
take that position beioie the people ot the United States.
So lar as the life estate to wild lands in the West is con-
cerned, it a simple absuidity to talk o( seizing it and de-
riving anything liom it. Tile leading traitors ot this coun-
tiy have been -peculating veiy Jaigel} in western lands,
and they have gieat quantities of them. 1 think we ought
to seize them and sell them, and n-.e the pioceeds to put
down their rebellion. The idea that we may diaw a dis-
tinction m a imiitaiy opeiation between a life estate and
| an c ftate in fee, t think is an r-bsurdity. That will do very
! well foi the eouits to talk about; but it has no application
| to tins ea-e. Still, if the j'leMtlent ie--tslus objection to
i .my bill \\c have passed on that around,! am read) to vote
' tor tins resolution in oidei to remove the objection; but i
want him to take the lesponsibihty of saying so. if the
; Senatoi savs that he is atuhonzed, or teels authorized, to
i !-ay that the Picsident objects to the lull we have passed
1 because ot the two gmunds named heic, then 1 am per-
i lectlv willing to relieve him bypassing this amendatory
! icsohmoii; but i want hnn to assume the lesponsibility,
| and not to take it mv&elf.
i " Mr. Clahk. Mr. President. i think i may say that i
' am authorized to declare that i do know that that is one
j of the objection* made to the bill by the President, and it
i is with a'view ot r'-mowntr that objection and inducing his
i sigimtiue to the lull that f offer this amendment, not that
! it sauik's me.
••Mr Sherman tin n i will vote foi it
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state to
the gentleman from New York that this reading
has been allowed by unanimous consent. By ref-
erence to page 7? of the jManual it will be seen
that it is not m order to refer to what takes place
in the other branch of Congress; for it is stated
that it may lead to misunderstanding between the
two Houses.
Mr. FGllNANDO WOOD. I was aware of
that. When I asked that the passage might be
I read, I think that I stated that I doubted whether
it was strictly in order.
The SPEAKER. It was allowed by unani-
mous consent.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. iMr. Speaker, I
have felt compelled to refer to these proceedings
of the Senate to show tfiat the proposition now
before the House is to repeal a measure that was
adopted to avoid a presidential veto; that what
it ispioposedto abolish was insisted upon by the
Piesident as a piercquisitc- to his approval of the
confiscation law.
Now, sir, what says the President himself?'
After the statement made by the Senator from
New Hampshire, [Mr. Clark,] the Senate con-
curred in this amendment, and it was sent to the
President of the United States, the confiscation law
having been already in his hands. On the 17th
of July, 1862, he sent this message to Congress:
" Fellozo-Citizens of the House of Representatives:
11 Considering the bills for an act to suppress insurrection,
to punish treason and rebellion, to seize and confiscate the
property of rebels, and for other purposes,5 and the joint
resolution explanatory of said act as being substantially one,
i have approved and signed both. Before i was informed
of the resolution I had prepared the draft of a message stat-
ing objections to the bill becoming alaw, a copy of which
draft is herewith submitted."
Accompanying that message he also sent a
draft of the veto referred to, and therein he uses
this language:
u That to which I chiefly object pervades most part of the
act, but more distinctly appears in the first, second, sev-
entli, and eighth sections, it is the sum of those provis-
ions which rcoulta in the divesting of title forever.
" For the causes of treason and ingredients of treason, not
amounting to the full crime, it declares forfeiture extend-
ing beyond the lives of the guilty parties; whereas the Con-
stitution of the United States declares that1 no attainder
shall work corruption of blood, or forfeiture except during
the life of the person attainted.' True, there is to be no
formal attainder 111 this case ; still i think the greater pun-
ishment cannot be constitutionally inflicted in a different
form for the same offense.
k* I may remark that theprovisionof the Constitution, put'
in language boriowed ftom Great Britain, applies only in
this country, as X undeistand, to real or landed estate."
Therefore, Mr. Speaker, I hazard nothing in
saying that the resolution before the House is a
fiaud upon the President of the United States.
The President approved both as one—the confis-
cation bill and the joint resolution which it is now
proposed to repeal. He told Congress so. By the
passage of this resolution we repeal the one and
let the other stand.1'^He was intrapped into an
approval of confiscation by the joint resolution
explanatory of it. You thus fraudulently ob-
tained his approval, and now seek to repeal that
which was the means of securing his assent.
That is the first of my objections to this pending
proposition.
Sir, the constitutional question has been argued
here. It has been argued on both sides of the
House with great ability. I do not feel myself
capable of arguing a constitutional question. I
cannot argue this one.. I would as soon think of
arguing that the sun was at meridian at twelve
o'clock as that the Congress of the United States
has not the power to confiscate estates beyond
the lives of persons attainted of treason. If there
is any proposition, if there is any restriction in
the Constitution clearly and forcibly expressed,
it is that in reference to this question:
" Treason against tlie United States shall consist only in
levying wai against them, or in adhering to their enemies,
giving them aid and comfort.55
Treason is a crime, and the Constitution goes
on to prescribe the punishment for treason, and
the limitation on the power ofCongress to punish
it. it declaies that " no person shall beconvicted
of treason unless on the testimony of two wit-
nesses to the same overt act, or on confession in
open court." It provides in reference to crimes—
and treason is a crime—that
" The tiialof ail crimes, cxccptin cases of impeachment,
shall be by juiy; and such tual shall be held in the State
where the said crimes shall have been committed; but
when not committed within any State, the trial shall he
at such place or places as the Congress may by law have
directed.1'
It does not provide that it shall be by proclama-
tion, but the trial shall be by jury. It further
provides that—
"Art. VI. In all criminal prosecution", the accused shall
enjoj (he r glu to a speedy ttial, by an impartial jury of the
State and district wherein (he crime shall have been com-
mitted, which district shall have been previously ascer-
tained by law, and be Informed of the nature and cause of
the accusation 5 to he confronted with the witnesses against
him; to have compulsoiy process for obtaining witnesses
in his favor, and to have the assistance of counsel for his .
defense."
Therefore, sir, the Constitution not only states
what shall constitute treason, it states what form
of procedure shall be adopted to prove the fact,
and what the punishment shall be. Whatisit?
" Congrcw shall have power to declare the punishment
of treason, but no attainder of tieason shall work corrup-
tion of blood, or forfeiture except during the life of the per-
son attainted."
It was argued here the other day that it had
been recently discovered that in the original draft
of the Constitution a comma had been detected.
