THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 28,
scjenpe. The Constitution provides " Congress j
shall have power to declare the punishment of j
treason} b.utno attainder of treason shall work cor- j
rupti,on o£blood,orforfeitureexceptduring the life
of thfc person attain ted Tilts is simple language.
It was.vvell understood when it was written, and
no, maa can by any artful conceit deceive himself
as to its true meaning. There are men ingenious
in trying to deceive.themselves, and who being
convinced against their will are of the same opin-
ion still. 1 have met many of them. No system
of logic would have any effect upon them as against
their foregone conclusions. Hero is simple lan-
guage applied at a particular time, with the his-
tory,.that surrounded it. This history belauds to
the.present age. The reason why this lule was
made is a part of our own almost immediate his-
tory, recorded-in our own annals, and the lan-
guage is sq plain that he who runs may road.
Oaths, 1 think, are not summer clouds or fleeting
shadows, or mere indefinite things. In ancient
times the gods were solemnly called upon to bear
.witness to that which was attested by an oath,
and we call upon our own God,and He has been
called upon to witness the solemn oath made by
every oi><* nf us, that we should and will main-
tain the Constitution of the United StaU\N as it
came to us from our fathers. This oath we have
all taken, and now it is affirmed that tlieio 1.4 no
binding obligation in an oath; that we may vio-
late an oath as against an enemy in arms, a.ud
that we may do it as well m the Senate Chamber
as " in the nndst of arms." Mr. President is
there no such thing as law? Is there no such
thing as Christian charily ? Is there no such thing
as the duty of our offerings to the Most ILghr
What ts the language of the Constitution?
* Congress shall have power to decline the pun-
ishment of treason." The Senate, the House ol
Representatives, and the President may declate
the punishment of ticason; and what is treason5
It is the conduct and unimw> ofa traitoi, the high-
est crime known to governmental low. Thus ia
language of grant: " Congress whall have powoi
to dec!tire the punishment of li eason, but it Khali
not g<> beyond a ceriain extent. The provision
then whs made for tiaitors. What more than tiai-
torscan you call the men in rebellion > Will some
ingenious gentleman who advocates the opposite
position find me a word that has ever been used
hi the English language that will go beyond trea-
son and tuiitor in desci thing the status of rebels? |!
The power to punish in gianted and limited by the ji
expiess terms of the Constitution. It is a mattm- j!
about \\ Inch there 1  no room for argument. TIsh j!
piovision of tiio Constitution wo have sworn to |i
support, U will be the saddest day of my life, il
and to me the heavens will be hung with black, \\
when I shall find that Senators can consciously i
, Uample upon their oaths,and m thisorany other i;
respoct trample upon the Constitution. It may |i
be possible that some gentlemen can make it con- ;j
sistem with their views of public policy, but it ;j
must, ho those who believe theie i.s m-ither a !!
God in heaven, nor truth on earth, nor any just |
government among men. t ;[
Mr. Pmudent, I tuko no pleasure in discu{5sim; ,j
the pending question*, but, .sir, 1 do not fuel my- lj
self at libeity to let ignorance run wild or to per- I
rnit piemimption to occupy the plaee of wi.sdom. 11
Ignorant am] ill-advised men have undertaken tin* |
administration of a vast policy. By icason of 1
their ignoumce and want of proper ndvic we \\
must all suffer. I will endeavor to bear my .share
of this aufTwring; and do my best to induce niy !
Mlow-e.inzons to endure the evils cast and thrust
upon them, with the assurance that there will yet 11
l i a brighter day. If that day ts not found in \\
this land it will be found in that quiet land, '
"A plaee of br<xul rivers and siteams !
tVii'-reiN shall go ao galley with oars,
N'-'ihu dli.iil jjai.'e.jt «inp puoi theiebv,"
Mr. DAVIS, Ms. President, the Senator from 1
Michigan [M1. Cua.ndluk] has spoken of my >
applying to him to od'< r a resolution for the ex- !
pulsion of my colleague, and he has expressed 'i
his regret that he had any agency whatever in >
placing mp in the position formeily occupied by ;
the traitor John C. ifrockinridge. I say to that 1
Senator that uii tiiat point his regret cannot be !'
half so poignant us mine that he should have had ;j
any possible agency under the sun in putting me :i
into thjrj or any other position of honor. i
The ?.'iir,(Ar h-*s alluded 11 my application \o
him to offer a resolution for the expulsion of my
colleague. I will explain that point. My col-
league knows from my information that I left the
State of Kentucky under a pledge to move a res-
olution to that effect. My course in relation to
my colleague and the greater light I have since had
in relation to his sentiments and principles I dis-
tinctly expressed in the Senate some two or three
months ago, and I think to his satisfaction. I
made a clean bosom of it. When I came to this
cjty my friend and deceased colleague of the other
House, Mr. Cuttenden, knew the obligation un-
der which I had come before 1 left the State of
Kentucky to offer a resolution for the expulsion
of my colleague or have it offered; and Mr. Crit-
tenden informed me that the .Senator from Mich-
igan wished to <'onfVr with me upon that subject.
Mr. CMANOLiiR. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS. In obedience to this information
from Mr. Ciittemlen I waited upon the Senator
at his room, and he told me that he had been ap-
pointed by a meetm:; to take chaige of the rase of
my colleague, and expressed his willingness to
offer the resolution.
The Senator has intimated strongly my disloy-
alty. Sir, my loyalty i.s to the Constitution of
the UnTtrd States, not it) Abraham Lincoln, or
any other living man, whether lie is Ptesidont or
not. My oath is not to sunpoi t Abruhum Lin-
coln, but to support ihu Constitution of the Uni-
ted {States. iVly obligation, my pati loth-un, and
my office ia to support the Constitution, and not
Abraham Lincoln who is  mltavonng to over-
throw it;;mil in that respect my measure of loyalty
is altogether dilfeient from and in tinect contrast
with that of the Senator from Michigan. It is as
much my duty, u is as much my sworn obliga-
tion, it is as much what 1 owe to patriotism, to
my country, and to the Constitution, to check and
defeat and oppose, at least to the extent of my
ability, the assaults of Abiaham Lincoln upon ; he
Constitution of my counuy which 1 have Nvorn
to suppoit as it is for me to icsist the attacks of
the rebels upon it.
Iknow that ihe Senatorfimn Michigan has an
entirely dillerent estimate of patiiottsm, and of
support of the Constitution, and of respect and
adherence to hisoath to suppoit the Constitution,
lie voted for the Crittenden resolution. Hiscon-
duct and votes since have falsified eveiy piiuciple
and cveiy point in that u*.solution and in Ins vote
to suppoit it. Sir, nun who are familiar with
their own infractions of the Const I'm ion, who
disiegaid habitually their obligations to sustain
and suppuit it, their oaths to do so, men whose
souls are stained With tiea^un to the Constitution
and p'ujury in 1 heir oaths to suppoit it,may brand
me as a traitoi , but no man whose soul is un-
stained by crimes will make any such nspeision
oraeeusatjon against me.
The Senaior from Michigan says he has been
mhu'med by one of my tolieagued in the House
of Repi esentaiives that I have abandoned 'lie
piiueiphs upon which I was elected. 1 want the
Senaior to tell his nhoimant that he is a falsifier,
a slawhuer, and a poltroon. That inlormanr,
that base lecreantto truth and honor, was elected
upon the platfoim of Kentucky of 1£G3. I occu-
pied that platfoim. 1 now maintain every prin-
eipleaud every position that 1 biought with nieto
(lie Semite. 1 maintain every one ot the potations
in ihe iC( utucky platform. I have none m op-
position to it; I have none in addition lo it. The
bast; and lalumntous informant, of the Senator
pledg* d himself deliberate! y, publicly and repeat-
edly, to sustain the principles of that platform,
and after his election upon those professions and
deciaritions he, with a peifi'iy that is dishonora-
ble to human nature, betrayed hi« State and his
party and the Constitution of the United States,
and disiegarded ins oath to support, it. I want
the Senator to make this lepoit to his informant.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment olfored oy the 'Senator from
Indiana.
Mr, HENDRICKS called for the yeas and
nays; and they were ordered.
Mr. POWliLL. I desire to state that the Sen-
ator from lilino's [Mr. Rjuiiirdson'] is absent
from the Senate in consequence of indisposition.
He is sick and confined to Ins room.
The question being takc-n by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 13, nays 16; as follows:
VF.AS - ^utknk^C^rhlejCinrkjCo'.vanjDavi?-,
Doohttio, Hernhick*, McDougall, Powell, RitklSc, Ten
Eyck, Van Winkle, aivf Willey—13,
NAYS—iMe>sr-.. Anthony, Clumpier, Vounr><*. Foot,
Unrlan, Howe, Lane ofindmiui, Morgan.Mfunl!, r<nneioy, ,
llam<ev,fc5piague, Bumaer,Titunbull, Wilkinson^ and Wil-
son—16.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown. Collamer, Divon, Fessenden,
Foster, Grmies, Hale, Hardin^, Ihuris, Henderson, Hicks,
Howard. Johnson, Lane of Kansas Nesnmh, Kichardbun,
foaulsbury, Slienuau, Wade, and Wught—20.
So the amendment was rejected.
The amendment was ordered to be engiossed,
and the bill to be read a thud time, it was read
the thii d time.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I call for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the hill.
The yeas and nays were ordered; nnd being
taken, resulted—yeas 21, nays 9; as follows:
YHAS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Clark, Conness,
Doolutle, Foot, Fojvtei, [hulaa, flowe, Lane of Indiana,
Morgan, Morrill. I'oaiciov, Ramsey, fiprauue. Sunnier,
Tinmlmll,Van \Vinkle,\Vade.,VVilkui>on, and Wilson—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Buekalew, Carhlc, Cowan, Davis, Hua-
dricks, McDougaii, Powell, Kiddle, and Wilicy—9.
A tt^ENT—Mcsms. Brown, Collamer,Dixon. Fossendon,
Grimes, llale, Hardimr, liairis. Henderson, How-
aid, Johnson, Lancol Kanva^ Ne^rmth, Richardson, Saula-
huiy, ^lieimaa, Ten Ejek, and VViigbt—i9.
So the bill was passed. Its title was amended
so as to lead: "A bill to establish a Bureau of
Freedmen."
PAY OF NATIONAL HUMILIATION.
Mr. HARLAN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to bring in a joint resolution
(S. No. 74) requesting tlm President to appoint a
day for national humiliation and prayer; which
wax read twice by its utlt, and ordered to be
printed.
QUAUTJSRMASTER'S DEPARTMENT.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, us Clerk, announced that
the House hud passed the bill of the Senate (No.
154) to provide for the better organization of the
quartermaster's department, with amendments*,
m which it requested the concurrence of the Sen-
ate.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
mrnts of the Ilouwe of Representatives; and on
motion by Mr. WILSON, it was
ICe-voJt er?, That tiic Senate dieagico to the amendments
of the [Inline of Representatives to ihe said bill, and a.-k a
conference on the disameeing votes of the two Houses
tlieieon.
Ovh'yed, Th.it the een'eicos on the pait of the Senate
he appointed by the I'le&ideat jno tempore.
The PR RSI DENT pro tempore appointed Mr.
Wilson, Mr. Tuumbull, and Mr, Powell.
TUNISJWENT or GUERRILLAS.
Mr. WILSON. I move now to take up the
bill (II. 11. No. 511) to provide for the more
speedy punishment of guerrillas, and for other
purposert.
Mr. COWAN. I hope that bill will not be
taken up. 1 yielded this morning with the ex-
press understanding that the bill for the payment
oftioops who have been in the service of the
country .should be taken up nextafterthe Freed-
men \s Uuteau bill.
Mi. WILSON. We can take that up to-mor-
row mm nmg.
Mi. COWAN. I have no disposition to be
factious, but i should like to have that bill taken
up.
Mr. WILSON. I iiitve given way for several
ilayw past.
Mr. DOOLUTLE. It is necessary that we
should informal])''  ;o into executive session for
the purpose of having some printing ordered. I
move therefore to go into executive session.
Mi. WILSON. Let this bill be first taken up.
We must have all day to-morrow and the next
day foi the consideration of military bills.
Air. COWAN. I think we can as well order
the printing of documents in open as in sccret ses-
sion. 1 kpo no difficulty about that.
Air. DOOLITTLE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
The motion v^as not agreed to.
The PRES1 DENT pro tempore. The question
now is upon the motion of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts.
The motion was agieyd to; and the Senate re-
sumed the constdciation of the bill (H. R. No.
511) to provide for the more speedy punishment
of guerrilla*, and for other purposes.
