352
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26.
Well now, sir, f am wilting logo even further than
that. I am willing to suppose, for instance, that
the last clause of tho punishment was entirely
omitted,and that, the provision stopped at the word
"forfeiture." Even then, sir,it could not attaint
beyond the life of the party convicted. Webster's
• definition of " forfeiture" is, " the act of losing
some right or privilege m regard to property.
Forfeiture is a loss of the right to possess, but not
of the actual possession. J n the feudal system, for-
feiture ofland gives him in reversion or remainder
a right to reenter."
Now, Mr. Speaker, tho mere statement of the
case, the mere reference to the Constitution, the
mere quotation of the language, in my judgment,
satisfactorily disposes of this question so far as
the constitutional right of Congress is concerned
to forfeit real estate beyond the life of the party
convicted.
But suppose the confiscation proceeds as against
property in States now in rebellion, how as to the
title to lauds confiscated? When the American
people get sober, the validity of the title to real
estate thus acquired may be endangered. I would
not give five dollars for any title that the Govern-
ment of the United States can give under any law
that Congress might pass beyond the life of the
party convicted of treason, and convicted in due
form according to the procedure set down by the
Constitution, because if all these forms are not
observed; if the accused is not tried in the ''vi-
cinage*' where the offense is committed, where he
belongs; if he has no opportunity to be confronted
with his accusers; if he cannot have counsel to
defend him, without a reference to the question
how far the attainder may reach the heirs, in-
formality of procedure invalidates the title. The
day will come when these questions will be ad-
judicated by an honest and independent judiciary,
and then these titles will be worth nothing.
But, Mr. Speaker, suppose that these objections
to the confiscation did not exist, what should be
said in this enlightened age of progress, civiliza-
tion, and Christianity, of this theory of legisla-
tion' What will be thought of the American
people, boasting of their freedom, advancement,
and progress, culling themselves enlightened and
Christum, of thus pursuing their own fellow-citi-
zens with this spirit of unrelen ting hate, desolation,
and destinotion, by carrying vengeance beyond
the guilty party, even to his remotest posterity >
Why, sir, Rome, the most inhuman monster of
nations as against a prosttatr foe, never went so
far as that. Russia, imeiging from a bmbarous
condition, (for she has not been iccognized among
tho civilized nations of the world a century,)
when she partitioned Poland, iesp<jcted then* wid-
ows and orphans. No Government has pursued
a foe with such unrelenting, vindictive malignity
as we ure now pursuing those who came into the
Union with us, whose blood has been freely shed
on every battle-field of the country until now, with
our own; who fouglitby out side in the Ameiican
Revolution, find in the war of 1813 with Gnv.t
Britain; v/ho boie our banner bravest and highest
in our victorious march from Vera Cruz to the city
of Mexico, and who but yesterday sat in these
Halls contributing toward the maintenance of our
glorious institutions.
Sir, J£dmtmd Burke discussed these questions
in the British Paihamont. He was not afraid of
the epithet of tiaitor. He stood erect in the dignily
of his manhood, in spited from above, (,\s I would
to God we had such an one line,) denouncing
tyranny and upholding freedom, ills words ate
directly pertim in to the present pioposition.
Air. Buike says:
" t do not know tie; method of di awing up an uulu tincut
against a whnto pwpfe * "In Mich
unfortunate quanei- among the component paiM oi a {neat
pol .ncal union o*' communities I can >e<n eely conceive an\-
!hiij  mote complea iy iinpiudc.it than f<i ihe head of the
einpne to ui*M lhal if any pi.vilcire is pleaded against his
will or hi- ,iet>, th.it hi > whole authouty i- -iceled. in - tantly
to proclaim rebellion, to beat lo .tun-, and To put the nft'end-
insr province mulct the ban. Will not thu.. -n, \ay soon
teach the piovim-eo to make no difiinctton en then pdtt?
V\ t!l it iiOt teach th'Mn that the (;(l\ eminent ag.un-t which
a c 1 air11 of hbi rtv i- tantamount to hi h treason i« a Gov-
ernment to which submission i  equivalent to slavery
Lord Chatham, in a'speech "to put a stop to
hostilities,"dthveied m the House of Lot ds May
30, J 797, speaks almost m the same words as the
advocates of peace at the North do at this crisis:
£i VVelmv trr-d for unconditional >ubmissiou ; try what
ca U e ganiwU<y tnieoncfmuuaf * * *
" T say this country has bepn the aggressor. You have
made descents upon then coasts, you have burned their
towns, plundered their country, made war upon the Inhab-
itants, confiscated their propcrtv, proscribed and impris-
oned then person-?. I do therefore adinn, my Lords, that
instead of exacting unconditional submission iroin the colo-
| mes we Phouldaiant them unconditionalredress. Wehavc
injured them ; we have ctuleavoied to ens-lave and oppress
them. Upon this ground, my Lnrdrf, instead of chastise-
ment they are entitled to redtess."
Lord Chatham said:
"My Lords, [ need not look abroad for grievances. The
grand capital mischief is fixed at home. It corrupts the
very foundation of our political existence, and preys upon
the vitals of the State. The constitution has been grossly
violated. The constitution at thi« moment stands violated.
Until that wound be healed, until the grievance be re-
dressed, it iy m vain to recommend union to Parliament—
in vain to ptomote concord among the people.'5 * ■*
"The constitution has its political bible by which, if it
be fairly consulted, evety political question may and ought
to be determined. Magna Charta, the Petition of Rii?ht.- and
the Kill of Rights toun that code which f call the bible ot the
English constitution. Ilad some of his Malay's unhappy
predecessors trusted less to the comments of their minis-
ters, had they been better read m the text itself, the glori-
ous levolution would have lein.iined only possible in the-
ory, and would not now have existed upon record, a for-
midable example to their succcssors."
On the employment of mercenaries and savages
in war the same great orator bursts forth in a
strain of indignant eloquence which is familiar as
household words in every land where the English
tongue is known or spoken:
" What has been the conduct of your ministers? How
have they endeavored to conciliate the affection and obe-
dience of their Ameucan brethien? They have gone to
Germany ; they have tousht the alliance and assistance of
evety pitiful, begqaily, insignificant, paltry German prince,
to cut the throats of their loyal, brave, and injured brethren
m America;they have entered intomercenaiy treaties with
those human butchers toi the purchase and sale ot human
blood. But, my LouK this is not all; they have enloied into
other treaties; they have let the savages of Atactica loose
upon theii innocent, unoffending biethren—loose upon the
weak, the aged, and deieris'oles'5; on old men. women, and
childien ; upon the veiy babes upon the biea-t, to he cut,
mangled, sacrificed, broded, loasfed, nai, fo be litetally
eaten alive, The>e, my Lords, are the allies Gteat Britain
now has: carnage,dc.-olation,and desrinction, w heievt r bet
aims an1 earned, is hei newly adopted mode of making
war.J' * * *. + « * * * k
'kThe arms ot this countty are disgtaced even in vietoiy
a- well as defeat. In thifleon^i--teiit,my Loirts, with any port
of our foimei conduct? Wa- it by means like the^-e we
airived at that pinnacle of lame and grandeur which, while
it established our leput.ition m cvriy (puutei of tho globe,
gave the lull e  t testimony o( our justice, mercy, and national
niteguty? \Vah it by the tomahawk and scalping knife
that Huti-di v.ilor ami" hinnamh became in a manner pto-
vei hial and the triumphs ot wai and the <'clat ot eoiujWt-t
became but rn.uteis of secondary piai>e whencompaK'd to
those of national hmnamty and national honor' \Vn« it by
netting loose the .savages of Ameticato inibtue then hands
in the blood of our enemiew that the dutie^ of the sokiiei,
tfie eiti^on, and ttie man came to be united? fs this hon-
oiahle warfare, my Lotds? Does it correspond with the lan-
guage of the poet—
<c' The jn ide, pomp, and circumstance of glorious war,
That makes ambition \ntue ?">
In his speech in opposition to a motion to ad-
journ, just after the news of Burgoyne's defeat,
-Lord Chatham thus speaks of the war and the
ministry. Nothing stronger has been said of our
civil war:
"Ten thousand brave men have fallen victims to igno-
rance and lashings. The only aimv you have in Amer-
ica may, bv tln> time, be no mote. This veiy nation re-
mains no iongei -ale than its en< mie^ think proper to per-
mit. I do not aiicui ill. Events of a mo-a tnlical nattne
mav take place bonne our next meeting. Willyotir lojd-
•■'hip,, then, in Mich a stale ot things, tiust to the guidance
Ot men who, in evt ry stf p of tills n uel, thi-, uichcd. nar^
t'om the veiy befiuiMiiMjr, have pioved themselves weak,
itfnouint, and mistaken
The Marquu of Gtanby, on American aflaiis,
in 1775:
lk fn God's name, what language arc you now holding out
to Amenea ? Resign youi p'loperty, (iive?t jouiselves or'
joui privileges and uoedom, reinmnce evei_uhni<| thatcan
make i11e conifoitable, or we will destroy youi conuneice
we will involve youi countiv in all the miver'es of famine;
and. U >ou e\pie>s the ^n^ahon^ of men at t-uch hai>h
tieaiment, we u ul then declaie you m a^tate of tebellion,
and put jouir^elw ^ and vour families to fiie and s-woul."
Mr. Sneaker, 1 could go on and consume the
little time allotted to me in this discussion with
quotations of the same character. It is not neces-
sary, sir. I have said all I intended to say upon
that branch of the subject.
The distinguished gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia [Mr, Sti.vcns]—I am sorry he is not pres-
ent—made on Fuday what I conceive to be the
most ftank, th" most ab?e, and the most consist-
ent argument that has been made upon this ques-
tion on that side of the House. lie manfully—
and, it should be said to his credit, consistently
wifh his conduct, m this House—declared that
" Th" rebels luid ricen into a separate government, hav-
ing been recognized as a belligerent by foieign nations and
our own. The Constitution does not extend to them in its
rights and guarantees. Whiehevci nation conquei -i has a
light to treat the othfct as aconqueied province. Theyaie
in the attitude of foreign nations. These points lie illus-
trated, contending that if a Stale, aft a rftate, makes war
and becomes a belligerent powei, we can, when we con-
quer it, treat it as we would any other foreign nat'on. And
thio is not a question i^ider bat outside the Constitution.
By the laws of war the conquctor may sei^e and convoit
to his own use everything which belongs to the enemy,
and sell it to pay the expenses of the war and the damages
occasioned by it."
I quote from the Washington Chronicle of Sat-
urday last.
Well, sir, what is the difference between that
gentleman's position and the conduct of this Ad-
ministration ? "While the Administration, and the
friends of the Administration in both Houses of
Congress, and their representatives out of doors,
are declaring they arc for the Union, they openly
declare here, through the ablest of their leaders,
t'he chancellor of the exchequer, [Mr. Stevens,]
that they are not a Union party; that it has ceased
to be a question of Union; that the southei n States
are an independent power, and the only question
is whether we shall vanquish, subdue, or recog-
nize them.
Well, sir, X have always thought that the south-
ern States weie either within or without the Union.
If they are in the Union, they are under the pro-
tection of the Constitution, amenable to the Con-
stitution and the laws made in pursuance, not in
contravention, of the Constitution; entitled to its
protection, which includes an -entire exemption
from congressional interference with their domes-
tic institutions.
But the gentleman says they are not amenable
to the Constitution. He says, " Shall we have
the Constitution as it is, and the Union as it was,
applicable to these rebellious States?" No, he
says, they cannot have the benefit of the Consti-
tution. He approaches his subject like a bold,
frank man. He knows the Constitution stands
between the southern States and the designs of
the abolitionists, and he tears it away as an un-
natural, improper obstruction, and under the laws
of nations seeks a power which the Constitution
does not give.
Sir, will that gentleman contend, admitting his
position correct, that we have a right to confiscate
the property of a foreign enemy by a paper proc-
lamation? Admitting, then, an independent sov-
ereign Power at war with us, can the President,
as we propose here to do, by a proclamation, con-
fiscate the estate of our enemy ? How would it
be under the law of nations? How would it be
under practice and precedent ? I admit where we
obtain the territory of a foreign enemy, while in
possession of that territory and in occupation of
it, we may confiscate it, provided we can hold it
by military force afterward.
Mr. STEVKNS. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. I c. nnot yield to
the gentleman.
Mr. STEVE3NTS. I thought the gentlemanap-
pealed to me for ,^i answer.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. I will yield if it
is not taken out of my time.
Objection was made.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. What is the differ- 
ence between the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Ste\ens] and Jefferson Davis? Jefferson
Davis asserts that he is the piesident of the con-
fedeiate States. He has a government; he has a
congress; he has an aimy; lie is a belligerent; he
is at war with the United States of America. So
theie is no distinction between the position of these
two distinguished men. Butcan we confiscate and
hold the lands of the South ? Doubtful!
No purely agricultural people, fighting for the
protection of their own domestic institutions upon
then- own soil, have ever yet been conquered. I
say further, that no revolted people have ever
been subdued after they have been able to main-
tain an independent government for three years.
But,sir, let that pass. Wenrcat war. Neither
side of the House will deny it. Whether these
States are in lebeliion, or whether we are%hting
an independentl^ower.wearestiUat war. Whether
it be a civil wai, rebellion, revolution, or foreign
war, it matters little. It must cease, and i want
this Administration to tell the American people
when it will cease.
This war must cease, I care not how or from
what cause, whether by exhaustion on either side,
