1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
nitude of the oceans, in a great measure,against
rebel privateering; but we are able to foster it, if
wo think proper to foster it, by means of a com-
mercial steam marine which can escape^these
depredatois upon our commerce.
I was at one time familiar with the statistics of
the trade between South America and the United
States, and particularly between Brazil and the
Uttited States. I have them not now fresh in my
recollection, but the trade was enormous; and the
wealth which it now pours into the lap of Eng-
land and of Prance can hardly be counted. Let
us make an effort to get a part of it at lenst.
Mr. GRIMES. I am not responsible, Mr.
President, for any allusions to localities in con-
nection with this subject in this debate. It is the
Senator from Maryland who has introduced that
topic, and he seems to speak of those who are
opposed to the passage of this bill as being from
the West. Now, sir, for one, being a represent-
ative of one western Stale, I am willing to com-
pare records with the Senator from Maryland on
that subject, so far as my record extends back,
though it does not go so far as his. I think I
have done as much and voted as often in favor of
increasing and extending the commerce of the
country as any man here, and I am willing to con-
tinue to do so. I am one of those who believe
that this nation cannot be a nation that is worthy
of the name, and an independentand free nation,
without having a large commerce, and having it
thoroughly and completely protected at homo
and abroad, and I have always so voted here in
the Senate.
So far as my State is concerned, and so far as
the grants of land that have been made to it are
concerned, let me tell the Senator that we have
paid from that State many millionsof dollars into
the national Treasury more that the soil ever cost
the nation—many millions of dollars more than
the original purchase and all the cost of survey
and supporting the public offices upon it, taking
no account of the amount of public land that has
been-used up in land scrip or land warrants fur-
nished to the soldiers from the East and from the
West who were engaged in the Mexican war.
My objection to this bill is "that ( cannot see
what practical good is going to result to the coun-
try from its passage at this time. I do not see
where the commerce is to-day with Brazil that
you are going to encourage. I think it is hardly
fair—1 Jo not say so in"any improper sense—I
do not think it is proper for us to take the tables
of trade between this country arid Brazil for 1860
and 1861, before the war existed, and to ask us to
pass a bill in 1864 on the basis of that trade. Is
not our trade with Brazil modified by the passage
of our tariff laws, by the passage of our tax laws,
and by ihe existence of war here? Cananymem-
ber of this body, or anybody else, intelligently
decide how Lhe passage of this bill is going to
affect that trade hereafter, by reference to what
the trade was in 1859 or I860 or 1861? If he can,
he has a good deal more penetration than I have.
I have been told by those who I supposed had
looked into it that in consequence of the war, in
consequence of the high tariff upon coffee, our
tiade with Brazil had "fallen off almost entirely.
Perhaps the Senator from Vermont can tell me
what was the amount of coffee we imported jn
1863 ?
Mr. COLL/VMER. We have not got the re-
turns for lhat year.
Mr. GRIMES. In 1862?
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 cannot give the figures
now. .
Mr. SHERMAN. I can say that the importa-
tions of coffee are not more than half what they
were at the commencement of the war.
Mr. GRIMES. I undeistand the Senator from
Ohio to say that the imports of coffee have fallen
off one half. Almost all the coffee of this coun-
try is imported from Rio. We are the people who
use the feoffee.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator must not un-
derstand me as saying tl)4t the exportation from
Brazil has fallen off. I mean that our imports
have fallen off.
Mr. GRIMES. Exactly; I understand the
Senator; m other words, the commerce between
us and Brazil has fallen off, for coffee is almost
the only ;n tide that we import from Brazil.
The Senator from Maryland says that he feels
humiliated at the fact that the commerce of the
country has passed out of American hands and
gone into those of foreigners; and he tells us,
what is the fact, that to-day almost all if not all
the steamships that ply between American ports
and the ports of Europe are owned by foreigners.
I think lie would also bear testimony to the fact
that nearly all of them are in some way or other
subsidized—I understand him to assent to that
proposition—and that it is necessary they should
be subsidized in order to carry on that trade.
Does the Senator from Maryland take the ground;
and is that the theory upon which we are to vote
hereafter—I want to understand what is desired
of us; does he recommend, and is that principle
embodied in this bill ?—that we, in order to com-
pete for the commerce of the world, shall subsi-
dize steamships?
Mr. JOHNSON. Does the Senator want an
answer now ?
Mr. GRIMES. I"«hould like to know what
are the Senator's views on the subject.
Mr. JOHNSON. I believe most of those
steamers receive compensation in some form or
other from their respective Governments.
• Mr. COLLAMER and Mr. FESSENDEN.
All of them.
Mr. JOHNSON. All, I believe; and that is one
of the reasons why individual enterprise cannot
compete with them. If they were not subsidized,
American individual enl^rprise would be suffi-
cient.
Mr. GRIMES. What I want to know of the
Senator'is whether he desires and proposes that
this Government shall subsidize vessels to com-
pete with those?
Mr. JOHNSON. To a reasonable extent I
certainly would agree to that policy.
Mr. GRIMES. Then the Senate can under-
stand exactly to what we are drifting. If in order
to compete with the commerce of other countries
we are to subsidize all the vessels that persons
may desire to run as steam packets between New
York or any eastern port and foreign ports, I think
it will be necessary for the Committee on Finance
to increase the rate of taxation proposed by the
tax bill that has come to us from the House of
T? pni'PSfn tn t ivps
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President, I think it is
quite impossible to defend this bill against the ai-
guinents of the Senator froin Iowa. He opposes
it first because he is opposed to giving a subsidy
at this time to any line. He next turns to the
honorable chairman of the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, and asks him if he does
not intend in future to subsidize and establish
some other line. He is then opposed to this bill
because it-subsidizes a line now; and he is opposed
to it again because it will lead to the subsidizing
of another line; and finally, he is opposed to the
subsidizing of any line. Now, 1 submit that the
Senator's arguments cover the whole subject so
completely that the bill is entirely indefensible
against them.
Sir, 1 beg to call the attention of the Senator to
the fact that to-day we have but one line of Amer-
ican ocean steamers that is respectable in char-
acter, and that is the ocean line to California. I
say respectable; I mean in the amount of capital
invested, and in the regularity with which the
business is carried on. How came that line?
Was it notasuosidized line ? Would itever have
had existence had it not been a subsidized line?
When the Government of the United States wisely
provided for the establishment of the line to As-
pinwall, or to Chagres, as it was then, and then
from Panama to San Francisco and Astoria, there
was not an ounce of gold exported from the Pa-
cific coast, and the discovery of gold on that coast
was not thought of. The object of establishing
the line was to gaasp and seize the-commerce ol
the new region and take it at its beginning, con-
trol it, own it. Has a line of British steamers
ever successfully competed with that line up to
this time? When gold was discovered on the
Pacific slope that line of steamers was in exist-
ence. How would, the people of this country
have reached that favored land but for the actot
the Government in establishing that line? The
Government not only subsidized the line when it
was established, but has continued to subsidize
it to this very hour. The Government has con-
tinually paid it large sums of money for carrying
its malls and transporting its munitions and its
men. It ia the only respectable line in point of
extent and the amount of capital invested that
belongs to the American nation to-day.
And yet gentlemen combat this as a national,
policy. The Senator from Iowa does not like it
because the Senator from Marylandruusa, -pan*:
allel between the policy inaugurated by thisi bit}
and the establishment of the Pacific railroad
across the continent. It is singular at least that,
the opposition to this policy should come mainly:
from gentlemen representing constituencies in tfte
center of the continent, or lying near it; and I
confess that it is particularly surprising to me
that any part of that opposition should come from,
thd honorable and enlightened Senator from Ilfi- •
nois, [Mr. Trumbull.] Why, sir, what do the
people of Illinois demand to-day more than any-
thing else? They demand the construction of a
national ship canal, a connection between the At-
lantic ocean and the great rivers and arteries of
the interior, that shall make us independent, and
enable us to preserve ourselves against foreign in-
vasions upon our northern lakes and at our in-
land ports. The voice that comes from his State
for the initiation and carrying out of that policy
is not to be mistaken; and I tell the Senator here
to-day that when the scheme is presented in a
practical form, it will have support from me, for
1 do not think there is any measure which has yet
been contemplated by the American people so ne-
cessary as that.
The Senator smiles. . I do not instance the case
as illustrating the inconsistency ot' the Senator.
The Senator is doubtless consistent with himself
in opposing this measure. ' But let me address
myself to an indication given by the Senator from
Iowa, when he asked the Senator from Vermont
to answer him as to whether there is not another
measure coming, namely, the one indicated in the
pamphlet lying upon the Senator's desk, from the
New York Chamber of Commerce. I ask the Sen-
ator from Iowa if, when a measure is proposed to
establish and subsidize a line of steamers to con-
nect San Francisco with the ports of Japan and
China,and to control and possess that trade, he is
determined to oppose it, and whether he is disposed
to advertise that opposition at this time in advance
of its introduction? I think he had better wait
until such a measure is introduced. Such a meas-
ure will find no advocacy from me, nor, I appre-
hend, from any other Senators, unless the merits
of the case demand it. For what, I would ask,
arc we constructing a railroad to connect the Pa-
cific and the Atlantic oceans ? Is it merely to con-
trol and facilitate our internal commerce? Does
it not contemplate reaching farther out and con-
trolling the commerce of the Indies? Yes, sir, let
us go on, not resolving that because the Collins
line was a failure, we will drop this policy and
will not pursue it, until wo shall not have a ship
upon the ocean able to sustain itself with the na-
tions of the world. The point made by the Sen-
ator from Vermont and the Senator from Mary-
land is conclusive in this case. Ourcommerce has
been driven from nearly every sea, and it is only
that portion of it which is carried on by means
of fast and swift steamships, able either to fight or
to run,from which we can expectitscontinuance.
I hope, sir, that this bill will pass, not for the
inauguration of a system of extravagant legisla-
tion, but for the inauguration of an economical
and enlightened and a most profitable policy, to
be followed up judiciously and carefully wherever
it shall be found to be a good investment for the
American people.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President 
Mr. HOWARD. Do you want to goonnow?
Mr. TRUMBULL. If this subject is to.be
continued, 1 desire to say something upon it. In
spite of my disinclination to go into a discussion
on this bill, the remarks made by some gentlemen
are so extraordinary that I think they should be
replied to; but I will not insist upon going on now
if the Senator from Michigan wishes to call up
his bill.
Mr. HOWARD. I do.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Very well, 1 will go on
at some other time.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I suggest to the honor-
able Senator from Michigan that undoubtedly in
twenty minutes we shall be able to dispose of this
bill. Probably,after the honorable Senator from
Illinois replies, we can take the vote and finish
the matter at once.
Mr. HOWARD. I leave u to the honorable
