354
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
spire your armies with sufficient power ofoggres-
sion to conquer the southern people. Peace must
and will ensue. General Jackson is frequently re-
ferred to as having favored harsh measures to-
ward the South, and yet we have'the authority of
his friend and contemporary, Thomas H, Benton,
in his Thirty Years in the Senate, to the contrary.
The authority says that
"Many thought that he ought to relax in his civil meas-
ures tor allaying discontent while South Carolina held the
military attitude of aimed defiance to the United States—
and among them Mr, Q,umcy Adams. Bin he adhered
steadily to his purpose ot going on with what justice in-
quired for the relief of the South," &c.—Benton's TkUUj
Years' View, page 308.
John A.Dix,now a major general ofvolunteers,
when a Senator in Congress, said on the 1st March,
1847, in a debate upon the three million bill, that
" disunion is better than intestine war;" and again
in the same speech that
"Civil war has no ameliorations. It is pure, unmixed
demoralization. It dissolves all national and domu.-ttc ties.
It renders selfishness more odious by wedding it to hatred
and cruelty. The aftei-generation which leaps the bitter
harvest of intestine war is scarcely less to he coimmseiated
than that by whose hands the poisonous seeds are sown.
Less, far less than these would be disunion."
Mr. Speaker, I again ask, when shall this war
cease? Shall it be when the whole American peo-
ple, North and South, utterly broken down, dis-
pirited, and politically disintegrated, shall arise in
their power, and indignantly throw oft' on both
sides the unfaithful rulers who use them to the de-
struction and annihilation of their national liber-
ties and existence? Or, more fearful still, shall
it be when despotism has become organic and
fixed, and all opposition of thoughts and expres-
sion shall be driven from Congress and elsewhere,
and the froedman of the South becomes the master
of the freeman of the North? Or shall it be when
the State governments and the people of the revolt-
ed States, as such, shall cease to exist—the for-
mer be subverted, and the latter replaced with
northern abolitionists? In shout, IVIr. Speaker,
will the party in power make a definite conclusion
and agreement among themselves as to the con-
ditions upon which this war .shall cease, it* hoi rors
terminate, and all the consequences, whether good
or bad, shall be fully known and understood? We
must have peace—a lasting peace—based upon the
Constitution and cemented by the Union.
Burke, that immortal patriot whose inspired
language I love to quote, said, March 2, 1775:
"The proposition H peace. Not peaee through the me-
dium of wm ; not peace to he limited thiougli the labyrinth
of hiincatv and endless negotiation*; not pr.iee to uri^e out
of untvei<*fl| diseoid fomented tiom principle in all par Is of
the empire; not peace to depend on the peiiodn-a! di-teim-
ination of perplexing question*,or the pi echo nnukuig the
shadowy botmdai ie«ot acomplcx Government. It is simple
peace ; sought tu its uatuial cour>e and it  culinary haunt-,;
It la peace sought tu the spirit of peace, and laid in pi in-
clples piiH'iy pacific, J propose hj removing ihc gtotmdof
the difteri'iiee, and hy restoring llie.loinier unsuspecting
confidence of the colonies m the mother counuy, to give
permanent satisfaction lo your people; and (jar tiom a
pchemcof ruling by dt-eoul) to iceomMle them to each oihoi
in the vaiue act, and by the bond of the veiv same interest
which reconciles them lo British government,"
Again:
"I me.in to give peace. Peace implies reconciliation,
and where then; has been a matei tal depute teconeihution
doe* in a manner always imply concession on tiie one pa it
or on the other. In this state of tilings I make no difficulty
in affirming that the proposal ought lo ongmatc fiom u<..
Great and acknowledged l'oree is not unpaired eitiiei in of
feet or in opinion by an uuwiihnguctsto exeit itself'. The
Hupeiiot power may oftet peace witbhonoi and with safely.
Such an offer from such a power will be am ibuted to mag-
nanimity. But the concession-, of rhe weak arc the con-
cession's of tear."
How eloquent, how truthful, and yet how ap-
plicable to us at this time ! The reasons he urges
against a coercive policy are m effect similar to
those now urged by the opponents of the present
war:
" First, sir, permit me to observe that the use of foicc
alone is but tcinporaiy. It may subdue for a moment, but
it docs not remove the necessity of subduing again; and
a nation is not governed which is perpetually to he con-
quered.
My next objection i^ ita um-ettninty. Teiroi i-^not al-
ways the ('ff"ct of force; and an arniamentis nota victory.
If you do not succeed you are without resource, for con-
ciliation failing, force lemains; but force failing, no fuither
hope ofre^nnciliation is left. Power ami authority nio •some-
times bought by kindne^j but they can never be begged as
alms by an impoverished and defeated violence.
"A fuither objection to foice is that you impair the ob-
ject by your very endeavors to preserve n. The. thing you
fought for is not the thing which jon recover; but depie-
ciated, sunk, wasted, and consumed in the contest. Noth-
ing less will content me than whole America. I do not
choose to consume ita strength along with our own, because
in all part-* it i« the BritUh strength that I consume. Idonot
choose to he caught by a foreign enemy at the end of this
exhausting conflict, and still less in the midst of it. r may
pgcape, ixit 3 can make no insurance againstsuch an event.
Let me add that I do not choose wholly to break the Ameri-
can spirit, because itis the spirit that has made the country."
I beseech you listen ! Let the cry of the widow
and the orphan reach your hearts. If the stabil-
ity of our endangered institutions, a dismembered
empire, and absorption of all our great industrial
and productive interests have no terror, think,
oh ! think of the dark and shadowy future await-
ing your own posterity.
u Peace ! Peace 1 God of our fathers, grant us peace ;
Peace in oui hearts and at Thine altars ; peace
On the red waters and then* blighted slides;
Peace for the leagueied cities, and the hosts
That watch and bleed, around them and within;
Peace foi the homeless and the fatherless;
Peace for the captive on ins weary way,
And the mad ciowds wiio jeer his helplessness j
Por them that suffer, them that do the wrong;
Sinning and sinned against—O God ! for all—•
For a distracted, torn, and bleeding land-
Speed the glad tidings! Give u*., give us peape 1"
Mr. SMITHERS obtained the floor.
BILLS ON SPEAKER'S TABLE.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, has the morn-
ing hour expired ?
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has just
expired.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to proceed to busi-
ness on the Speaker's table.
The motion was agreed to; and the House pro-
ceeded to business on the Speaker's table.
PUBLIC PRINTING.
The first hill taken up was Senate joint reso-
lution No.,18, in regard to the public printing;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
feired to the Committee on Printing.
THANKS OS' CONGRESS TO GENERAL BANKS.
The next hill taken up was Senate joint reso-
lution No. 2, expressive of the thanks of Con-
gress to Major General Nathaniel P. Banks and
the officers and soldiers under his command at
Port Hudson; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
GENERALS HOOKER, MEADE, AND HOWARD.
The next bill taken up was Senate joint reso-
lution No. 3, expressive of the thanks of Con-
gress to Major General Joseph Hooker and Major
General George G. Meade and Major General
Oliver O. Howard and the officers and soldiers of
the army of the Potomac; which was read a first
and second time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
the joint resolution be put on its passage now.
The joint resolution was read. It tenders the
gratitude of the American people, and the thanks
of their Representatives in Congress, to Major
General Joseph Hooker and the officers and sol-
diers of the army of the Potomac, for the skill,
energy, and enduumce which first covered Wash-
ington and Baltimore from the meditated blow of
the advancing and powerful army of rebels led by
General Robert E. Lee; and to Major General
George G. Meade and Major General Oliver O.
Howard and the officers and soldiers of that army,
for the skill and valor which, at Gettysburg, re-
pulsed, defeated, and drove back, broken and
dispirited, beyond the Rappahannock, the veteran
army of the rebellion.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved the
previous question on the third reading.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered; and, under its operation,
the joint lesolution was read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the joint resolution
was passed; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
THANKS OF CONGRESS TO GENERAL BANKS.
Mr. ELIOT. The joint resolution giving the
thanks of Congress to Major General Ranks, has
been referred to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs. I move that it be taken up and passed now.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint reso-
lution (S. No. 2) expressive of the thanks of Con-
gress to Major General Nathaniel P. Banks and
the officers and soldiers under his comman-d at
Port Hudson, was taken up, the question being
on the third reading.
The joint resolution tenders the thanks of Con-
gress to Major General Nathaniel P. Banks and
the officers and soldiers under his command for
the skill, courage, and enduiance which compelled
the suriender of Port Hudson, and thus removed
the last obstruction to the free navigation of the
Mississippi river.
Mr. ELIOT moved the previous question on the
third reading.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under us operation
the joint resolution was read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. ELIOT moved to reconsider the vote by
which the joint resolution was passed, and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
THANKS TO GENERAL BURNSIDE.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House the
Senate joint resolution (No. 5) of thanks to Major
General Ambrose E. Burnside and the officers and
men who fought under his command; which was
read a first and second time.
The resolution provides thatthe thanks of Con-
gress he presented to Major General Ambrose E.
Burnside, and through hitu to the officers and men
who have fought under His command, for their
gallantry, good conduct, and soldier-like endur-
ance, *nd that the President of the United States
be requested to cause the foregoing resolution to
be communicated to Major General Burnside in
such terms as he may deem best calculated to give
effect thereto.
The joint resolution was ordered to be read a
third tune; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. ORTH moved to reconsider the vote by
which the joint resolution was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
THANKS TO CORNELIUS VANDERBILT.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House Sen-
ate joint resolution No. 14, presenting the thanks
of Congress to Cornelius Vanderbilt for a gift of
the steamship Vanderbilt; which was read a first
and second time.
The joint resolution provides that whereas Cor-
nelius Vanderbilt, of New York, did, during the
spring of 1862, make a free gift to his imperiled
country of his new and stanch steamship Van-
derbilt, of five thousand tons burden, built by him
with the greatest cure, of the best material, at a
cost of $800,000, which steamship has ever since
been actively employed in the service of the Re-
public against the rebel devastation of her com-
merce; and whereas he has in no manner sought
any requital of this magnificent gift, norany offi-
cial recognition thereof; that therefore the thanks
of the American people be presented to him by
Congress for this unique manifestation of u fervid
and large-souled patriotism; and further that the
President of the United States be requested to
cause a gold medal to be struck, which shall fitly
embody an attestation of the nation's gratitude
for this gift; which medal shall be forwarded to
Commodore Vanderbilt, a copy of it being made
and deposited for preservation in the Library of
Congress.
Mr. COLE, of California, moved that the joint
resolution be referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. FARNSWORTH demanded the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. HIGBY moved that the joint resolution be
laid upon the table.
Mr. COLE, of California, demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yetts and nays were not ordered.
The House refused to lay the joint resolution
upon the table.
The joint resolution was ordered to a third
reading; and it was accordingly read the third
time.
Mr. FARNSWORTH demanded the previous
question on the passage of the resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
