1864,
THE CONGRESSIONAL QLQBfl.
in the eleventh line, the words " and otherwise,"
so that the clause shall read:
And the Secretary of the Treasury may require of the
associations thus designated satisfactory security by the
deposit of United States bonds and otherwise for the safe-
keeping, &c.
Mr, HOLMAN. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman what the effect of that amendment is._ The
security now required of these depositaries is the
bonds of the United States; the gentleman from
Massachusetts proposes to insert the words " or
otherwise" after the word "bonds;" that is to
say, the security shall either be bonds of the Gov-
ernment or such other security as the Secretary of
the Treasury may require. What other security
does the gentleman from Massachusetts refer to?
Mr. HOOPER. By the present arrangement
or rules of the Department, tne Secretary requires
a persona! bond in addition to the deposit of Uni-
ted States stock, and it was to cover that point
that 1 offered the amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. The words are « and other-
wise," not " or otherwise."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend the forty-
fifth section by adding thereto the following:
But (he deposits made bv the Secretary of the Treasury
with any association «.hall not at any time exceed the par
value of the bonds deposited by such association as secur-
ity under the provisions of this section.
If these banks arc to be made depositories, it
isvery desirable that the security should he ample,
and beyond the control of any officers of the Gov-
ernment. It sccm3 to me it would be very unsafe
to allow a system of favoritism to grow up. The
deposits of public funds in those banks should be
on ample security. If the security is to be these
bonds, well and good; but let the bonds at least
be equal at par value to the amount of the whole
deposit. This will be the great fault of this sys-
tem, 1 apprehend. You make these banks the
depositories of the entire surplus funds of the
Government, and unless a rigid principle of se-
curity is adopted a system of favoiitism will in-
evitably grow up. To avoid that the security
should b<"> ample.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin, I suggest to the
gentleman that he modify his amendment so that
it shall read:
Shall not exceed the par value of the bonds of the United
States deposited by them, unless the maiket value be le?<s
than the pai value, and then shall notexeecd the pai value.
Mr. IIOLMAN. The objection to that would
be this: the funds deposited would be based upon
the bonds; and hcnce 1 think the par value alone
should be taken into consideration. As a matter
of course, these bonds could not be below par
value with reference to the currency; that is, un-
less we should resume specie payment. Of course
it is hardly worth while to provide for that in
this system.
Mr. ELD1UDGE. What do" you mean by
"currency?"
Mr. HOLMAN. Legal-tender notes.
The CHAIRMAN oidered tellers on the
amendment, and appointed Mr. Holmak and
Mr. Orth.
The committee dividedjand the telleis reported
—ayes 59, noes 65.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. ROUTWELL. I move to amend the
forty-fifth section by striking out, in lines three,
four, and five, the words "shall be depositories
of public money, except receipts from customs,
under such regulations as shall be prescribed by
the Secretary of the Treasury, and they may
also," and inserting "may be;" also, in lines
seven and eight, by striking out the words " de-
positories of public moneys and financial," and
insetting "such;" aNo, by striking out of line
eight the words "of the Government;" also, by
striking out of line ten the words " thus desig-
nated," and inserting "so employed;" and by
striking out of lines eleven and twelve the words
"for the safe-keeping and prompt payment of the
public money deposited with them;" so that the
section will read:
rfnd he it further enacted, That an association-* under
this act, whi'ii designated for that puipo^ by the .Secretary
of the Treasury, may beempio\ed i\^ financial agents of the
Government. <tnd they shall perform all such leasonable
dutie> as Mich agents as may be required of thom. And
the Hecietar> of the JVeacuiy may require of the associa-
tions so employed satKlactoiv seem try by the depovit of
United States houiN, and for the laiihfu! perfoimance of
theit duties as financial agents of the Government.
The committee will readily see what my object
is in offering this amendment. It is to take from
the Secretary of the Treasury the power of mak-
ing these institutions the depositories of the pub-
lic money. In the first place we have in the sev-
eral parts of the country depositories now exist-
ing, the Treasury here at Washington, and the
offices of AssistantSecretariesatdifferentpartsof
the country. We can have no better security for
the safe-keeping of the public money.
My objection to this provision as reported by
the committee is, that it inevitably locks up many
millions of dollars—I cannot say how many rail-
lions—and it will lead, I believe, to political and
financial corruption; and I cannot say when and
how much. And therefore I think,in organizing
a great system of banking like this, we should
adhere to a well-settled principle, and avoid if we
may those evils which, in the experience of the
country, have been found very serious.
Now there is no reason why, in New Eng-
land, when we have an Assistant Treasurer in the
city of Boston, any banks should be depositories
of the public money. There is no reason in the
State of New York or elsewhere. I believe that,
as we need the revenue as fast as it is collected to
reduce our interest and meet the daily expenses of
the Government, weshould not deposit one dollar
in these banks, but put it all into the Treas-ury
and sub-Treasuries where it may be used by the
Government. If it is to be withdrawn from the
banks as soon as deposited, then it will be of no
advantage to them. If it is to remain in the
banks, then it will be an injury and an expense
to the Government. My amendment leaves the
section in such shape that the banks may be em-
ployed as financial agents for the negotiation of
bunds, or any other purpose for which the Sec-
retary of the Treasury may require their aid; but
the public money collected by taxes levied on the
people for the purpose of paying the expenses of
the Government should be deposited in the Treas-
ury of the country, and applied to the public serv-
Mr. STEVENS. I think this a very perni-
cious amendment. If a national bank, secured
as these are to be, is not a fit and proper place
for the collector of taxes in the vicinity to deposit
his money until &uch time as it is to be drawn out
by the Government for its use, wc had b.ctter have
no such banks at all. It seems to me that to re-
quire that all these taxes shall at once be depos-
ited in a sub-Treasuty out of the way of the
country where they are collected would create
trouble and inconvenience which ought to be
avoided. I hope the amendment will be rejected,
as others less mischievous have been.
Mr. WARD. 1 move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the last word. I desire to
express my approval of t lie proposition of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Boutwell.] If
there is one point upon which the judgment of the
people has become confirmed it is in the approval
of the sub-Treasury system. It is well known to
this honorable body that there was a long contest
between political parties as to the proper depos-
itories of the public money, and that it terminated
in the triumph of that system which has since
worked so well for the public interests.
This section in the bill as reported by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means is virtually a repeal
of the sub-Treasuiy act, by permitting the Gov-
ernment to deposit its funds with special banks,
thus cieating another prolific source of increased
loans, discounts, favoritism, centralization, and
power;itproposes to revivesubstantially the State
bank system for deposits of Government money.
Its revival will be attended by all the disastrous
results that followed the change from the United j
States Bank to the memorable scheme which has
hithcito seived as a beacon and warning.
Mr. Chaiiman, it is well known that after the
removal of the deposits m lti33 to the State banks,
there was immediately an enormous inflation and
a great expansion in the number of banks and
banking capital of the country. The history of
I that period is extremely suggestive, and should
|| be borne m mind at the present time. The with-
!■ drawal of the public deposits from the United
.[ States Bank took place in October, 1833. In Janu-
i| ary, 1834, the hank loans and discounts amounted
ij to'$324,119,499, but at the corresponding date in
I [ 1837, the pet bank system having prevailed in thy
li interim, tlicy readied the amount of $525,115,702,
having increased in three years more than sixty
per cent. This extraordinary expansion thus
stimulated by the removal of the public deposits
from the United States Bank to the State banks,
led to a great increase in importations, which rose
up from #108,118,311 in 1833, to $18$,980,035. in
1836. It affected also the sales of tb& public, and
other lands. The receipts from the pubiiclan'da
in 1833 were $3,967,682 and in 1836 #24,877,179;
a period of over-trading and. speculation .ensued
which resulted in the suspension of specie- pay-
ments by the banks and a general bankruptcy in
1837. It is a singular fact that after this revul-
sion, which was precipitated by the " specie cir-
cular," there was a gradual decrease in the loans
and discounts from that time down to 1843, when
they were only $254,544,937, being less than half
the amount six years before. Notwithstanding
the great prosperity of the country at that time
the Luns and discounts never attained the-same
maximum as in 1837 for seventeen years.
Now, Mr. Chairman, it is proposed here by
this section to revive that system of public de-
posits which 'the public sentiment of the country,
without distinction of party, has condemned.
We can have no better depositories than the sub-
Treasuries. They are safe and secure, and by
having the public money in them it will not be used
for banking purposes, and we shall prevent the
inflation which under the other practice must ne-
cessarily ensue.
I am opposed to the whole system of indating
the currency of the country by whatever means.
Already the circulating medium is swollen by legal
tender, bank notes, and floating evidences of pub-
lic debts, to an extent much larger than is required
by the necessities of the Government and the peo-
ple. It is proposed by the bill to divert thq capi-
tal of the country from legitimate and productive
investments, to create new banks with this neces-
sary accompaniment of more loans and discounts
and fresh issues of paper money. The section
under consideration will, if retained, give addi-
tional impetus to the most objectionable portions
of the present financial system, and contribute at
no distant period to produce results the most dis-
astrous to our welfare and honor.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Chairman, the ashes of
the old Bank and sub-Treasury controversy may
be extremely interesting, but we hardly have time
for their enjoyment at this stage of the session.
I therefore rise to oppose the amendment*
Mr. WARD. They may rise up before the-
gentleman's vision before many years. 1 with-
draw my amendment to the amendment. .
The question was taken on Mr. Boutwell*s
amendment, and it was rejected.
Mr. KALBFLE1SCH. I move to amend the
section by striking out the word u may" and in-
serting the word "shall," so that the Secretary
of the Treasury shall require this to be done, not
leaving it discretionary with him. It is a very
simple amendment.
Mr. GRINNELL. As the gentleman remarks,
it is a very simple amendment, and I desire to •
oppose it for that reason. I think it is.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BROOKS. I move to amend the forty fifth
section by inserting, in the fifth line, after the
word " Secretary," the following:
And such depositaries shall, whenever required by the
Secretary of the Tieasury, transmit the circulating notes
of the associations to the cities named in the thirty-first
section of this act lor redemption, and piovide and furnish
all other n^ce^ary facilities tor the eonvej-aneeot' the pub-
he funds iroin place to place withm the Tinted States,and
for disbmsing the same m payment of the public liabilities
without chaiging any comini&^ion oi exchange thereon.
I desire to call the attention of the House to
the proposition. "We arc creating here a system
of banks with $300,000,000 capital almost with-
out taxation, which will have no uniformity in
the mode and manner of redemption, for there
are eighteen or nineteen different places of redemp-
tion. I desire that it shall be at least as good an
institution as the old Biddle bank in the transfer
of the public money. That institution transferred
the public money without cost from St. Louis to
Puitland, Maine, and from Portland, Maine, to
New Orleans. Whatever might be the difference
of exchange, pro or con., the Government of the
United States paid nothing whatever for the trans-
fer of the public money. That was done under-
a bank of $40,000,000. I desire the like to be
