mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 28,
bids are to be sent here, so that in case it is al-
leged in regard to any contract that there has
been unfairness in opening the bids, or that there
has been something corrupt or wrong in the man-
jierin which the contract has been made, the thing
can be'traced and discovery effectually made.
The Senate propose that all contracts shall be
made here, and that all outstandingeontractsshall
be sent here. The House committee prefer a
fniddle course1, and that is that there shall be an
"opportunity to all citizens "who have supplies to
furnish to famish them near the place where they
"live, and without competition with the large and
overshadowing monopolies here at the center.
The officer making the contract is not only re-
quired to report the contract, but to report every
bid and proposal made to the quartermaster's
department here, so that we will have on file
every portion of the testimony and all parts of
the evidence which go to show how, when, and
with whom any particular contract was made.
We have thought it very advisable that this sort
of check should be held, so that any investigation
demanded by Congress or by the Department
might be made.
There is one other amendment to which I de-
sire to direct the attention of the House, and it is
to be found in section seven, on page 12. We
propose to insert a section there to cure this evil:
as matteis now stand, every contractor for fur-
nishing supplies for the Army is liable to be tried
for any fraud or corruption. What has been the
custom? A contractor makes a contract, and then
shuffles it out of his hands, and, although con-
tracts are not legally assignable, yet the Depart-
ment have been accustomed to permit other per-
sons, assignees or those who have got possession
of the contracts, to fill the contracts.
.Now, when it is discovered that there is some-
thing fraudulent in the manner iiuwhich ti con-
tract has been filled by a United Statescontructor,
he replies, " I have no interest in it whatever, 1
made a contract, it is true, but i have committed
no fraud and incurred no punishment as a fraud-
ulent contractor.M You must go to the person
who undertook to fill the contract, and ho will
say, " I am not a contractor of the Government,
and do not come under the piovisions of your
law; and therefore, whatever fraud I may have
committed, I am not responsible foritunderyour
law. "
This amendment, as proposed by the commit-
tee, provides that all persons who have become
the assignees of contractors, or others who un-
dertake the filling of contracts, shall be held lia-
ble for frauds committed, the same as contractors.
Now, it has been one of the crying evils of the
times that men, either through political influence
t>r in reward for political services, have had con-
tracts awarded to them when it was well known
that they would go out and resell those contract.?.
I have know an instance—it has come before the
Military Committee of the House at this session
of Congress—where an Illinois lawyer contracted
to deliver several hundred thousand bushels of
com. He broke up his contract into little frag-
ments of some hundred thousand each. The
contractor hud probably never bought or sold a
gram of Corn in his life. He did not get hiscon-
tract with any view of ever filling it. ]5ut he
wentoutand found a number of produce purchas-
rr« who could fill such a contract; and he trans-
ferred his contract to them for a bonus ftoiri each
of some eight or nine hundred dollars. And this
very Congress has voted to reimburse one of
these innocent persons to the time of two or three
thousand dollars, to make good his loss by a con-
tract which should never have been made, or if
made should never have been assigned, or if as-
signed should have been followed with all the
consequences of non-fulfillment.
The tenth section provides that the Secretary
of War is to designate the newspapers in whicii
advertisements for bids are to be published. The
Committee on Military Affairs thought it best to
strike that out, because there is no special reason
for such a provision unless it be for the purpose
of political patronage. The best way is to allow
the quartermasters logo on and publish adveitise-
mems for bids in papers of the largest circula-
tion, without leaving it to the Secretary of War
or any one else to designate what papers they
ere to be published in.
There arc a number of other amendments which
explain themselves. I will answer any question
that may be put to me, and give any further ex-
planation. The committee recommends the strik-
ing out of the thirteenth section, and has intro-
duced a section providing for a graduation of the
rank and pay of persons in the quartermaster's
department of the Government. That provision
seems to be a fair one. It allows a quartermas-
ter for a large army, consisting of various Army
corps, or for a military district, consisting of dif-
ferent departments, to have the rank of brigadier
general. The quartermaster of an army m the
field, consisting of two Army corps, is to have
the rank of colonel. Quartermasters for only one
corps are to rank as they do now, as lieutenant
colonel. Quartermasters of divisions tu e to rank
as majors, and all others as captains. If, for in-
stance, a quartermaster serving with the rank of
captain is assigned to the charge of a division or
corps, his rank is increased from the time at which
he commences to perform such service. The mo-
ment he is relieved and ceases to pet form these ser-
vices he falls back again to his lineal rank; that is,
to his rank as quartermaster proper. The object
is to afford, in the first place, distinctive grades of
rank with a view to the proper government of the
quartermaster's department. Another and very
important object is to save to the service a large
'number of quartermasters, who are now daily re-
signing, because, having entered at the commence-
ment of the war, and having no chance of getting
above the grade of captain, with its comparatively
small pay, they arc not willing to hold such po-
sition, exorcising such important functions, and
with the immense responsibility of disbursing
millions of property, without corresponding rank
or compensation.
To show that there is no mistake in this, [ have
a communication received yesterday from the
War Department on the subject of the resigna-
tion of quartermasters. Sixty-seven quarter-
masters, many of them the be.u in the Aimy,
wiih the rank ofcaptam, ha\i been forced to re-
! sign since the month of February last; and many
I others are but holding back to see if there is to
' be no change in the present system.
But, passing on from this point, the committee
have in one respect enlarged somewhat the scope
of the bill as it came from the Senate. They
have been impressed with the large proportion of
officers in the regular Army who ore assigned to
these more important positions of quartermaster.
Since the commencement of this war, with rare
exceptions, all the quartermasters holding posi-
tions of any considerable importance have been
from the regular Army. It has been considered
essential that a man should be educated at West
Point befoiehe is able to pass upon and purchase
i clothing, whisky, or corn, lie must have had
an education at West Point before lie is able to
purchase horses or contract for cattle. And so
with various other things.
.Now, sir, it is well known that in the present
organization of the Army those from the regular
Aimy form a very small proportion of the whole
body of quartermasters and commissaries. No-
body will pretend to deny that there are men in
the volunteer corps who, fiorn their commercial
education and their habits of business long before
as well as since their connection with the service,
are as well if not better qualified to judge of all
j these articles than those who have received a mil -
j itary education exclusively.
1 We have provided, theiefore, in our amend-
i ments to this bill that the assignments to these
! different positions, as quartermaster of divisions,
I armies, Army corps, &.e., shall be at least two
! thirds from the volunteer corps. That propor-
■ tjon is notat all comparable to the aggregate num-
! ber of qnarteimasters from the volunteer corps
1 with those of the regular Army. In other words,
I we provide that of the quartermasters assigned to
| divisions, corps, &c., a certain number of whom
] now have the rank of lieuteuantcolonel, not more
I than one third shall be fiom the regular Army.
j I have now gone hastily through the most lm-
■ portant of the amendments reported bytheCom-
| mittee on Military Affairs. I am ready, how-
ever, to answer any inquiries which gentlemen
may see fit to make in rcgaid to them.
Mr. TODD. I would like to ask the chairman
of the Military Committee why it is that he has
put in a proviso limiting the number of quarter-
masters who shall be staff officers to a particular
corps. The gentleman has had some experience
in military affairs, and surely that experience has
taught him that it is better to.,leave the selection
of the staff officers ofa department or Army corps
to the commanding officer or to the Secretary of
War or to the President of the United States
rather than to undertake on the part of Con-
gress to say they shall be selected from a particu-
lar class.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will answer the gentle-
man, for I desne to be distinctly understood in
regard to this matter. A law was passed by the
last Congress! providing for the appointment of
an extra numberof staffofficers in the commissary
department, reorganizing that department, giving
increased rank to the head of the department, with
rank to his subordinates, running down to the
giade of captain. Well, sir, when that law came
to go into operation it seemed to have been the
opinion of the appointing power thai no man was
fit to discharge the duties of commissary unless
he had had a West Point education, and all the
patronage under that law was bestowed exclu-
sively upon officers of the regular Army.
Now, inasmuch as the regular Army docs not
muster anything like one third the quartermas-
ters in the entire Army, and inasmuch as those
officers are only to continue in office for the war,
and these volunteer officers are in for the war, it
has been thought that, while giving the privilege
of selecting one third of the quartermasters from
the regular Army, it is but a small favor to ask
that two thuds shall be taken from among the
skilled officers of the volunteer corps, who num-
ber, I suppose, not less than ten to one of the
regulars. And it is with a view to control by le-
gislation of Congress the assignment of these offi-
cers that this amendment is reported. I state
frankly to the gentleman that I do desiie that Con-
gress shall prescribe, not that particular poisons
shall be selected, but shall prescribe certain limits
within which the assignment shall be made.
Mr. TODD. It is a very singular assertion.of
the chairman of the Committee on Military Af-
fairs that Congress or this House should prescribe
to the Executive of the Government u ho its ;i p-
pointees shall be. It is certainly in conflict wuh
that provision of the Constitution which places
that power in the hands of the Executive of the
United States. It makes an invidious distinction.
There can be no doubt that the Executive of the
Government of the United States and the head of
the War Department, wuh all the lights bHoro
them, ate the best judges of who shall be the pur-
chasers of Army supplies, and who shall be dis-
bursing officers of the Government. Members of
Congress do not know who these men are oi their
qualifications or fitness for the appointments. It
is an invidious distinction which takes from the
Executive and the War Department the jo«t
powers conferred upon them by the Constitution
of the United States.
Mr. SCHENCK. Congress does not attempt
to indicate to the Executive who the appointees
shall be. They do not indicate the individuals,
but leave him with the whole corps of voiuuteei
and with the whole corps of quut termastPies in
the regular Army to select Irom. They only pro-
vide that in making selections he shall make the
selections Irom particular corp3. To indicate the
appointees is to prescribe the particular individ-
uals. The committee all say that would be wrong,
and they do not undertake to say who shall be
appointed, but only that those appointments shall
be made within particular limits constituting the
great body of the Aimy. It is most liberal to the
regular Ai my.
Mr. TODD. I understand the point the gen-
tleman makes. In this instancethe appointments
are limited to two branches of the service. Out
who better know how to make these appoint-
ments than the President himself? This bill im-
poses upon the President a delicate task, and
there should be no limitation to the appointing
power. Ifthe proposition prevails thatone third
of these men are to be appointed from the regular
Army and two thirds from the volunteer forces, at
once you limit the appointing power, and thus
cut off men who would otherwise be the proper
persons to be appointed.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to the seventh section of the bill by adding
a proviso. The seventh section, which is itself
an amendment recommended by the committee.
