1864.
THE GON"GrRESSIONAL GLOBfi.
very properly extends the provisions of the act
passed July 17, 3862. What I desire is, to add
this proviso:
Prowled, That any person arrested for a violation of the
provision* of this section, and of the act to which it is an
addition, shall be admitted to bail'to answer the charges
made against him before any comt-martial constituted to
try him, in such sums and with Such sureties as shall be
designated and approved by any judge of the district court
where the arrest is made or the offense charged to hiive
been committed, or any commissioner'appointed by such
court.
Mr. SCHENCK. There is already a general
bill providing1 for that.
Mr. DAWES. No such bill has passed into
a law. It may have passed this House, but I am
confident it has not passed both Houses,because
of certain experience I hare had in attempting to
procure bail for certain gentlemen arrested in a
most remarkable manner, under the provisions
of that act, and I am informed that those gentle-
men are to be admitted to bail or not at the caprice
of those who arrested them.
"Mr. SCHENCK. I have no particular objec-
tion to the amendments. I demand the previous
question upon the amendments.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be put; and under
the operation thereof theamendmentto the amend-
ment was agreed to, and the amendment, as
amended, was agreed to.
The bill as amended was ordered to be read a
third time; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOLM AN moved to dispense with the
evening session for this evening.
The House divided; and there were—ayes 35,
noes 61.
So the motion was disagreed to.
Mr. BROOKS. I will say that I think all ob-
jection will be withdrawn on this side to the en-
grossment of the enrollment bill. We have no
disposition to postpone action on the subject.
ABOLITION OF SLAVERY.
Mr. HOLM AN. I wish to know whether the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Ashley,] who en-
tered the motion to reconsider the vote by which
the House rejected the bill proposing an amend-
ment to the Constitution providing for the aboli-
tion of slavery throughout all the Statesand Ter-
ritories of the United States, proposes to call that
motion up during: the present session.
Mr. ASHLEY. In reply to the gentleman
from Indiana, 1 will say that I do not propose to
call up that motion during the present session.
When I changed my vote from yea to nay and
entered a motion to reconsider, I did hope to get
a vote upon the proposition at this session. I
did think that on the other side, on sober second
thought, gentlemen enough on that side of the
House could be brought to support this just con-
stitutional amendment to carry it, but I have been
disappointed. Those who ought to have been the
champions of this great proposition are unfortu-
nately its strongest opponents. They have per-
mitted the golden opportunity to pass. The lec-
ord is made up, and we must go to the country
on this issue thus presented. When the verdict
of the people is rendered next November I trust
this Congress will return determined to ingraft
that verdict into the national Constitution. I
therefore give notice to the House and the coun-
try that I will call up this proposition at the ear-
liest possible moment after our meeting in De-
cember next.
EVENING SESSSIOft DISPENSED WITH.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let us pass
the enrollment bill and then adjourn.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the vote
.by which the House refused to dispense with the
evening session for this evening.
The motion was agreed to.
The question then recurred on the motion to
dispense with the evening session.
The House divided; and there were—ayes 66,
noes 30.
So the motion was agreed to.
CONSCRIPTION BILL AGAIN.
Mr. SCHENCK called up the motion to re-
consider the vote by which the House ordered the
conscription bill to be engrossed, and then with-
drew it.
The bill being actually engrossed, was readthe
third time.
Mr. SCHENCK demanded the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
*The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. ANCONA demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 82, nays 77, not voting 23;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson, Arnold,
Ashley, John 1). Baldwin, Baxter, Seaman, Blair, Blow,
Routwell, Hoyd, Rroomall, Freeman Clarke, Cobb, Cole,
Creswell, Thomas T. Davis, Dawes, Deimng, Dixon, Don-
nelly, Drills, Eckiey, Eliot, Farnswoith, Fenlon,Garfield,
Gooch, Higiiy, Hooper, Hotchkisf, A^ahei W. Hubbard,
John El. Hubbard, llulbtird, Ingersoll, Jenokes, Julian, Kd-
ley-, Francis VV. Kellogg, Orlando Kellogg, Knox, Little-
joim, Loan, Lougy^ar,"'Marvin, McBride, McUlurg, Mcln-
doe, Samuel F.Mtlh-r, Mooilwarl, Morrill, Daniel Morris,
AmosMyeis,Leonaul Myers,Noi ton,Charles 0'NeiII,0rth,
Patterson, I'eihani, Pike, Pomeroy, Alexander H. Rice,
John H. Rice, Edwaid II. Rollins, Sehenck, Shannon,
Sloan, Smith, Stnithers, Spalding, Thayer, Tiacy. UpMm,
Van Valkenburgh, Elihu li. VVdshlmiuc, William Wash-
burn, Williams, Wilder, WiNon, and Wtndom—82.
NAYS—Mcsssis?. William J. Allen, Ancona, Haily. Augus-
tus C. Baldwin, Blame, Jilis*, Biooks, James 8. Brown,
WilltainG. Brown,Chanler, Cofttoth, Cox, Cravens,Daw-
son, Denton, Eden, Ed«erlon, Eldridge, English, Finck,
Frank, Ganson,Grider,Griswold,Hale, Harding, Benjamin
G. Harris, Charles M. Harris, Herriok, Hnltnan, Hutch In*,
Philip Johnson, William Johnson, Kalbfleiseh, lvernan,
Knapp, Law, Lazear, Le Blond, Long, Mallory, Marey,
McAllister, McDowell, MrKnmey, Mnidleton,William 11.
Mtllei, Jjunes It. Morris, Morrison, Nelson, Noble, Ode!!,
John O'Neill, Pendleton, Perry, Piuyn, Radford, Samuel
J. Randall, Jame? S. Rollins,Kos.s,8coficld,John H. Steele,
William G. Steele, Steven*, Stile*, Strou-e, Siuatt. Sweat,
Thomib, Wad-wouli, Waid, WelMer, Whaiey. Wheeler,
Chilton A. White, Joseph W White, and Winfiekl—77.
NOT VOTING—Messrs*. James U. Allen, Brandegee,
Ambrose W. Claik, Clay, Henry Winter Davis, Dunioiu,
Grinnell, ll. ll, Harrington, Kas-on, King, Puce, William
H. Rand.ill. Robinson, ltogeis, Scott, Starr, Stebhms,
Voorhees, Benjamin Wood, Fernando Wood, YVoodbridge,
and Yeamau—23.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. SCOTT stated that he was paired with
Mr. Price, otherwise ho would have voted in the
negative.
Mr. STEELE, of New Jersey, stated that his
colleague Mr. Rogkiis was paired with Mr. A.
W. Clark.
Mr. FARNSWORTH stated that.on the pre-
vious votes he was paired with his colleague, Mr.
J. C. Allen; and that on the latter vote, Mr.
Alle.y was paired with Mr. Davis, of Maryland.
Mr. KNAPP stated that his colleague, Mr. Rob-
inson, had been called from the House by the ill-
ness of Senator Richardson; and that if present
lie would have voted in the negative.
The vote was then announced as above re-
corded.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS, I move to take up and non-
concur in the amendments of the Senate to the
Union Pacific railroad bill, and ask for a com-
mittee of conference.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object.
JAMES DOXY.
Mr. GANSON, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved,That the committee on the conductor the war
investigate the charge contained in the petition ot James
Doty relating to the treatment oflumdelf and other persons
arrested as alleged deseiters.
ADMIRALTY PROCEEDINGS.
The House proceeded, as the regular order of
business, to the considoiation of the bill (H. R.
No. 184) to facilitate proceedings in admiralty and
other judicial proceedings in the port of New
York, and for other purposes, laid over as unfin-
ished business from apreviousday, on which Mr.
Morris, of New Yoik, demanded the pxevious
question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the bill was passed.
Mr. MORRIS, of New York,moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved to' Jay the motiofi to ^ecpn^der OB t|i4
table. 5 ' . '
The latter motion was ag^efd tol / ; l]*-
PACIFIC RAILROAD BILL. ,
Mr. STEVEN&. I ask uWnjpi.QukQOJ?sent to
take from the'Speaker's taBle theil^&cific failfoad
bill, in order to-disagree'-with the Senate Qwend?
rncnts, rind ask a committee of conference.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, objected. f
MESSAGE -EBOM TUE SEHATIfi." ,, . > ; 1
A message from the Senate, by'Mr; FdiSNBYi
their Secretary, iriformdd the House that the Sen-
ate had passed, without amendment, a bill aml
joint resolution of the following titles:
An act (H. R. No. 497) in relation to the village
of Deposit, Delaware county, New York; and :
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 23) for 0e relief of
the officers of the fourth and fifth Indian regiments;
Also, that the Senate had passed a joint resolu-
tion of the following title; in which the concur-,
rence of the House was requested:
Joint resolution (S. No. 67) for the relief of
Thomas J. Galbraith.
ALEXANDER CROSS1.
Mr. HALE. I asVunanimoup consent to
from the Speaker's table joint resolution for tlict
reiiefof Alexander Cross, for lbs purpose,of
concurring in an unimportant amendment of the
Senate.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Mtclygan, objected, antl
moved that the House adjourn.
The motion Was agreed to; and the House ac-
coidmgly (atfive o'clock and fifty minute^, p. m.)
adjourned.   _____
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, June 29, 1864.
Prayer by Rev. G. II. Smytii, of Washington,
District of Columbia.
On motion of Mr. ANTHONY, and by unari-
imous consent, the reading of the Journal was
dispensed with.
IRON-CLAD GUNBOATS.
Mr. HALE submitted the following resotu*
tion, which wus considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the committor on the. conduct of the war
he instructed to Inquire what progress has been made in the
construction of the iron-clad steam gunboats contracted for
in the year 1862; by whom the contract was made on the
part of the Government; who.planned the models of the
same, and who is responsible therefor. Have anyv of them
been launched? If fo, what was the condition of the ves-
sel after she was launched? Are the other vessels con-
tracted for to be built on a plan or model similarto the ChJii'o
lately launched at Boston ? And all information whicil
may be had touching said gunboats.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there be
no petitions, reports from committees are in order,
Mr. WADE. I move to postpone all prior
ordeis and proceed to the consideration of House
bill No. 244, to guaranty to certain States whoso
governments have been overthrown a republican
form of government.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Reports are
in order.
M-r. FOSTER,from the Commitlee on Pensions,
to whom wns referred the bill (H. R. No. 394)
for the relief of Mary Scales Accardi, reported it
with amendments,and submitteda report; which
was ordered to be printed.
He also, from tlie same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. Kok 319) for the re-
lief of the legal representative of Botsey Nash,re-
ported it with an amendment and submitted a
report; which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 442) to grant a
pension of eight dollars per month to Harris
Welch, reported adversely thereon.
Mr. VAN WINKLE, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the petition of
the Adams Express Company, submitted a re-
poi t accompanied by a bill (S. No. 337) authoriz-
ing the paymentto the Adams Express Company
of the amount of certain Treasury notes destroyed
or irrecoverably lost while in their custody. 1 ho
bill was read, and passed to a second reading, and
the repoit was ordered to be printed.
Mr. morrill, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of Charles A.
