1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL* GLOB®.
1401
this war but very few me/i. Nearly all the men
that have been put into the service have been en-
listed by the States; and the Federal Government
does not know much about enlisting men. It has
done but very little of it during this war and that
at enormous expense. The States have raised
most of the men who have gone, into the Army.
We authorized the Government nearly two years
ago to raise colored troops, and they have I sup-
pose seventy-five or eighty thousand men now
rajsed in the country, and a great many of these
have been raised by the influence and by the action
of the States.
I do not believe that any confusion will come
from allowing the States to raise these troops.
•As our armies advance into the rebel States we
find poor Union men willing to enlist into the
service of the country and take the bounties offered
them. They need the bounties, their families
need the bounties for support, for we are support-
ing the families of thousands of Union men and
some families of disunion men in the rebel States.
We have enlisted some of these men in all parts
of the rebel States; but the State agents or State
officers would enlist them much more readily
than any agents of the Federal Government could.
Then the Federal Government can only pay to
these white men §100 bounty. Many of the States
are paying thiee, four, and five hundred dollars
bounty. Then if the Federal Government raises
these men it puts them into new regiments, and
a thousand men raised and scattered through the
old veteran regiments are worth for the coming
campaign more than three thousand men put into
new regiments. We can raise these white men
and scatter them through our armies as they ad-
vance into the rebel States; the poor white people
will take the bounties offered them and go into
the regiments, and the States paying the boun-
ties will get the credit. We thus transfer the
burden from the loyal to the disloyal section of
the country, and in doing it aid the loyal poor
white men of that section of the country, and the
Senator from Ohio sees no evil in that.
It is of great importance to put colored men
into the service of the country, to reach out be-
yond our lines and bring them in, and offer such
bounties and such inducements as will bring them
in. Every man taken from therebellionandadded
to the cause of the country weakens the rebellion
and strengthens us. I believe if this bill shall
pass, within one hundred days many thousand
more men, black and white, m the rebel section
of the country, will ho put into the service than
will go into it if the Federal Government alone
is engaged in enlisting them.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning hour
having expired, it becomes the duty of the Chair
to call-up the unfinished business of Friday, which
is the joint resolution (S. No. 1G) proposing
amendments to the Constitution of the United
Stu tes.
Mr. WILSON. I hope the Senator who has
the floor will consent to let that question go over
temporarily, and let us see if we cannot dispose
of this bill tins morning.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the special order
will not be laid aside.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator from Vermont
[Mr. Collamer] suggests that this bill will re-
quire more debate. 1 suppose, therefore, I must
let it go over.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to postpone all
prior orders for the purpose of taking up the bill
making appropriations for the naval service for
the next fiscal year. 1 will state that I make this
motion without any objection on the part of the
Senator from Maryland [Mr. Johnson] who is
entitled to the floor on the special order. lie says
it is a matter of indifference to him whether he
goes on to-day or not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion made
by the Senator from Maine is a motion which can
be interposed only with the consent of the Sena-
tor from Maryland, who is entitled to the floor
on the special order, which is now properly be-
fore the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the Senator from
Maryland will not consent to give way and have
the special order go over. It was understood that
he was to have the floor to-day, and I was hoping
we might como to a vote on the question1. If an
appropriation bill comes in now it will take a good
deal of time probably. I believe it is the general
naval appropriation bill, which always takes time.
I hope the Senator from Maryland, "who is enti-
tled to the floor upon the special order, will go on.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I can only say that I
have delayed pressing this appropriation bill for
some time, in order that we might make progress
in other matters which excite the speaking pro-
clivities of Senators. I am not disposed to urge
itagainst the wishes of the Senate; but I must say
that 1 expect that within a very short time the
bank bill will be upon us, and not long after that
the internal revenue bill, and it is important to
get some of these bills which are absolutely es-
sentral out of the way. If gentlemen have any
very strong desire to devote another day, in the
first place, to tlie subject that is the special order,
I shall give way; but I notify Senators that to-
morrow at one o'clock I shall move to take up the
appropriation bill and go onwith it. Itis impos-
sible that I can yield much longer to these other
matters. According to the ruling of the Chair, if
the assent of the Senator from Maryland is neces-
sary, of course I cannot urge my motion against
his objection; and if he has any objection to it I
certainly will not press the motion; but I suppose
some other gentleman will have the floor for to-
morrow, if the special order shall not be disposed
of to-day, and I shall be in the same condition
then. I give this notice now in order that if I
make the motion to-morrow, no gentleman who
may then be entitled to the floor may think it a
discourtesy that I do so.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Allow me to submit to
the Senator from Maine whether he does not
think we shall get along faster with business if,
when we have a measure of this kind up, we .hold
on to it and finish it. Of course, the appropria-
tion bills have to be passed and will be passed;
but as a mere matter of economy in point of time,
shall we not gam by holding on to a measure
which has been discussed for several days, and
which there is very little probability of adjourn-
ing without getting a vote upon in some way?
I think we shall have to vote at some time or
other on this constitutional amendment. My ex-
perience is, and I think he will find it to be his,
if he will reflect, that when we discuss a question
like this and occupy a week with it, and then post-
pone it for three or four days, we have about as
long a discussion afterwards before we can get a
vote as if the debate was but then commencing,
while if we hold on to it when it is under discus-
sion we shall get a vote much sooner and save
time by it. It is in that view, of course, that I
r$ake this objection. 1 do notexpectto interpose
or try to interpose objections to taking up the ap-
propriation bills; but I really think we shall get
through with the appropriation bills and all our
business sooner, if when we have on hand a meas-
ure which will have to come to a vote at some
time, we hofd on to it until we g^et through.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not feel disposed to
urge my motion now; but there is never a time in
the Senate when there is not some measure under
discussion, and something must give way neces-
sarily for the passage of the bills which arc abso-
lutely essential. 1 would not have made the mo-
tion but for my knowledge of the situation and
what will be the situation of business with ref-
erence to the Committee on Finance in a very few
days, which will render it necessary that certain
bills should be out of the way. I will yield for
to-day; but I give notice that to-morrow I shall
make a motion to take up the naval appropriation
bill. I withdraw my motion to-day.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I would cer-
tainly withdraw my assent to taking up the ap-
propriation bill mentioned by the chairman of the
Finance Committee, at the request of the honor-
able member from Illinois, if, in the first place, I
had not already given it, and consider myself
bound by having done so. And m the next place,
if I was at liberty to do so, I think it more im-
portant at present to the interests of the country
that the appropriation bill should be passed than
that we should dispose of the particular measure
on which I propose to address the Senate. But
the honorable member from Wisconsin [Mr.
Howe] told me soon after I came into the Senate
this morning that he was obliged to leave Wash-
ington this evening, and as he was desirous to
address the Senate on this sulyect he asked if it
would make any difference to me .whether he
went on now or whether I should hold the floor
this morning. I told him with a great deal of
pleasure that I had not the slightest objection
his addressing the Senate, and I waived my righi
to the floor now for the purpose of enabling tfes
Senator from*Wi£consin to address the Senate*,;'
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to say one wp.r<J
in order to ascertain whether I understood fcfeo
Chair correctly. I suppose although the speeial
order may come up, ana on that special orde? ft
Senator be emitted to the floor on it, yetanoth.er
Senator is at liberty at any time to move to post-
pone the special order ana tajce up another bill*
■otherwise itwould be impossible ever to introduce
anything if a bill went over from day to day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The understand-
ing of the Chair is,that if the Senate adjourns
with a member entitled to the floor, when that-
business comes up as the unfinished business th§
next day, the person entitled to the floor is enti-
tled to it, and no other member can get it upon
that question, no one can introduce a motion to
postpone it without the consent of the member
holding the floor.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But that motion may ba
made, I take it, before the bill is actually taken
up, even if the hour has arrived.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Not in the impres,
sion of the Chair.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then by the application
of that rule it would be impossible to interposa
anything if, when the Senate adjourns, a member
is entitled to the floor.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The rule has been
so administered during all the time the present
incumbent has been in the chair, and always, he
believes. At a particular moment of time the bill,
which is the special order, is before the Senate;
and when that is before the Senate the person en-
titled to the floor on it can claim the floor, and no
intervening motion can be made. That has been
the practice of. the Senate.
AMENDMENT OF THE CONSTITUTION.
The Senate, as in Co.mmittee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the joint resolution
(S. No. 16) proposing amendments to the "Con?
stitution of the United States.
Mr. HOWE addressed the Senate in support
of the joint resolution. [His speech will be pub-
lished in the Appendix.]
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that this joint
resolution and all prior orders be postponed, ana
that the Senate proceed to the consideration of
House bill No. 151, which is the naval appropria-
tion bill. I do not mean to £,o on with it this
evening, but I want to give it fhe preference foe
to-morrow.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Had we'not better leave
that matter to be decided to-morrow?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Somebodyelse may get
the floor for to-morrow, and then 1 cannot get in
my motion.
Mr. POWELL. If the Senator from Maine
will allow me to do so, I desire to ask permission
to take up the resolution which I offered the other
day.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I desire to have the naval
appropriation bill taken up, and then it can go
over until to-morrow.
Mr. POWELL. I have no objection to taking
up the bill.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Before the pending
question is disposed of, I desire to ask the Sena-
tor from-Delaware one question. He said to the
Senator from Wisconsin that he had strong inti-
mations that General Wallace proposed to have
something to do with the coming Maryland elec-
tion. 1 wish to know what order or act of that
officer it was to which the Senator referred.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I will answer the hon-
orable Senator with pleasure. I referred to no
order whatever; but General Wallace made a
speech in the city of Baltimore the other evening
in which he congratulated the people who were
present upon the efforts made to bring about
emancipation in the State of Maryland, and as-
sured them of such aid as he could give^ I ob-
served also a correspondence between him and
one of the candidates in one of the counties, in
which General Wallace put questions to that can-
didate as to his political views and his political
acts in the past) and as to whether if he should
