360
THE CONGRESSIONAL ®LOBE.
January 27,
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, January 27,1864.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal ofyesterday was read and approved.
Mr. WILSON. As I understand the reading
of the Journal, reference is made there to aletter
addressed by the Senator from Kentucky to the
chairman of the Military Committee. 1 should
like to hear that part of it read again.
The Secretary read, as follows:
" Tile Senate resumed the consideration of the resolution
submitted by Mr. Wilson, the btli instant, to expel from the
Benate the Hon. Garrett Davis ; and
"Mr. Davis having called for the reading of a letter ad-
dressed by him to the chairman of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia, disavowing any purpose in the
resolution submitted by him on the :jtli instant to incite the
Army to mutiny, or the people to sedition or any violence
Whatever, and the letter having been read by the Secre-
tary" 
Mr. WILSON. I think there is a mistake about
that. I have received no such letter. I think that
letter must have been addressed to the Committee
On the Judiciary, and it ought to be so recorded.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The original letter
appears to have been directed to the Military Com-
mittee, and the Journal is therefore right. The
Senator from Kentucky is understood to have in-
tended to address it to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, and the Chair believes he desires to have
the letter and record changed to correspond with
what was his design.
Mr. WILSON. Then the Journal will be cor-
rected accordingly.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Journal will
be so corrected.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to present a memo-
rial of a large number of rectifiers, distillers, and
merchants of the city of Cincinnati, remonstra-
tingagainstthe proposed tax upon spirits on hand,
Btating at some length their reasons for their op-
position to the tax. This memorial comes to me
m the form of a telegraphic dispatch, and there-
fore is not signed by the persons purporting to
sign it; but as I know many of them to be leading
citizens of the city of Cincinnati, I take the liberty
of presenting it, though I know it is not exactly
according to the rules of the Senate. I ask that it
be referred to the Committee on Finance.
The paper was so referred.
Mr. FOOT presented the report of Thomas
U. Walter, architect of the United States Capitol
extension, made to the Secretary of the Interior,
in relation to the appropriation for carrying on
the work of the two eastern porticoes and steps of
the Capitol extension; which was ordered to lie
on the table and be printed.
Mr. WILSON. I present the petition of Eliz-
abeth A. C. Alters and other ladies employed as
copyists in the Quartermaster General's office,
asking fnrun increase of their compensation, and
I move that it be referred to the Committee on
Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN subsequently said: I ob-
serve that a few moments since a petition pray-
ing for an increase of compensation was referred,
on the motion (if the Senatorfrom Massachusetts,
[Mr. Wilson,] to the Committee on Finance.
The proper business of the Committee on Finance
is to examine Ihe appropriation bills anil matters
already provided for by law. The question of ex-
amining how far salaries m the Departments ought
to be inci eased is one that dues not belong to us.
If it should be decided to be ncccssui y and proper
to increase these salaries, the bill making the
"'proper appropriations should be referred to the
Committee on Finance. I really hope that this
large class of petitions will not be sent to us. As
this petition has reference to the War Depart-
ment, it more properly belongs to the Committee
on Military Affairs; and I move that the refer-
ence of the petition be changed, and that it be
sent to ihe Committee cm Military Affairs.
The V!CEPItESiDENT. That oiderwillbe
made, if there be no objection. The Chair hears
none.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of W. B.
Spnonerand others, citizens of Boston, Massachu-
setts, praying for a uniform ambulance system
for the aimies of the United States; which was
ordered to he on the table.
Mr. HARLAN presented a memorial of the
religious Society of Friends in the State of Iowa,
praying for exemption from the performance of
military duty; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. DOOLITTLE presented the memorial of
L. P. Wetherbyand others, citizens of Hudson,
St. Croix county, Wisconsin, (accompanied by
a map,) remonstrating against an appropriation
of lands to the State of Minnesota to aid m the
construction of a railroad from the end of Lake
Superior to the city of St. Paul, to run entirely
on the Minnesota side of the St. Croix river;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I present the petition of
the Board of Agriculture of Indiana, praying for
an extension of the time within which that State
may accept the grant of lands made to the differ-
ent States for the benefit of agricultural colleges.
As that subject is before the Senate, the bill con-
templated by the petitioners having been reported
to the Senate by the Committee on Public Lands,
it is not necessary that any reference of this pe-
tition should be made. I therefore move that it
lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER presented the petition of
George W. Fish, praying for compensation for
services rendered as consul of the United States
at Ningpo, from the 1st day of April, 1861, to the
8th day of August, 18G1; which was referred to
the Committee on Commence.
Mr. HALE presented the petition of Lucy
Gwynne and others," praying that a charter may
be granted to them as incorporators ofProvidence
Hospital, in the cit£ of Washington, District of
Columbia; which was referred to the Committee
on the District of Columbia.
Mr. HOWE presented the petition of William
D. Colburn and others, citizens of Wisconsin,
praying for a modification of the reciprocity
treaty; which was referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
Mr. MORRILL presented the petition of
Charles A. Pitcher, of Washington, District of
Columbia, praying for compensation for the use
in the penitentiary of his patent for a machine for
making brooms; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. TtEN EYCK presented a petition of citi-
zens ofNew Jersey, praying for the establishment
of a mail route from Egg Harbor City to Tuck-
erton, in that State; which was referred to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, presented resolutions
of the Legislature of Kansas in favor of auditing
and paying the claims of the loyal citizens of that
State for losses incurred by the raids and depre-
dations of guerrillas and rebels committed in that
State since the commencement of the present re-
bellion; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia, and ordered to be
printed.
llEPOltTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mfti-
tary Affairs and the Militia, to whom were re-
ferred sundiy petitions and memorials praying
for a uniform ambulance system for the armies of
the United States, asked to be discharged from
their further consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom was
referred a joint resolution (S. No. 21) to provide
for the printing of official reports of the operations
of the armies of the United States, reported it with-
out amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a joint resolution (S. No. 20) ex-
tending the benefits of the bounty granted by the
act of July 22, 1861, to certain soldiers who en-
tered the service of the United States prior to
May 3, 1861, reported it without amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, from the Committee on the
Disti ict of Columbia, to whom was referred a bill
(S. No. 58) to incorporate the Columbia Railway
Company, in the District of Columbia, reported
it adversely.
Mr. HALE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, who were directed by a resolution of the
Senate to inquire into the propriety and expedi-
ency of providing by law that acting appoint-
ments in the naval service be submitted to the
Senate for confirmation in all cases where regu-
lar appointments in the Navy are required to be
submitted, reported a bill (S. No. 76) relating to
appointments in the naval service; which was
read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr.WlLLEY, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom was referred the pe-
tition of George W. Riggs, jr., president of the
Washington GasrLight Company, praying for a
repeal of so much of the section of the act mak-
ing further appropriations for Sundry civil ex-
penses of the Go vernment, approved July 11,1863,
as fixes the price of gas furnished by the company
to the Government, reported a bill (S. No. 77) to
amend the act incorporating the Washington Gas-
Light Company; which was read, and passed toa
second reading.
Mr. HARLAN, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom wasreferred a bill (S. No. 60)
amendatory of the homestead law, and for other
purposes, reported it with amendments.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, in pursuance of pre-
vious notice, asked and obtained leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 78) to provide for the safe and
speedy transmission of money from soldiers to
their families and friends; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr.HALE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 79) to
incorporate Providence Hospital in the city of
Washington, District of Columbia; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. CONNESS asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
80) to provide for the better organization of Indian
affairs in California; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
PAPF/RS WITHDRAWN.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask permission to have
withdrawn from the files of the Senate the papers
in the case of Hodges and Lansdale, in which I
understand there was an unfavorable report made
as far back as the 7th of March, 1860. The ap-
plication is to withdraw the papers that they may
be used elsewhere. I do not know whether it can
be done or not, sir, but I make the motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It can be done by
the unanimous consent of the Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask that consent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection, and the order will be made.
Mr. NESMITH. In the case of Patrick W.
Douglas, referred to the Committee on Pensions
at the beginning of this session, an adverse report
has been made. I understand that the rules of
the Senate allow the papers to be withdrawn in
such cases where the adverse report has not been
acted upon. I desire to state that among the pa-
pers of Mr. Douglas are some discharges from
the service. It is important that he should have
them, not with the view of presenting them again,
but for his own protection. I therefore ask that
he have leave to withdraw the papers.
Leave was granted.
TIIE NATS DEPARTMENT.
Mr. GRIMES. I observe in the reading of the
Journal that I have been made a member of the
select committee raised on the motion of the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire, [Mr. Hale.] I ask
the Senate to excuse me from service on that com-
mittee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Iowa moves that he be excused from serving on
the select committee ordered by the Senate and
appointed by the Chair to make investigations
into certain matters relating to the Navy Depart-
ment.
"Phe motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
appoint the Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Doo-
little] to supply the vacancy occasioned lay the
resignation of the Senator from Iowa.
SPECULATION IN GOLD.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire the unani-
mous consent of the Senate to propound a ques-
