TUBeQN&KBSSIQ^AL' GLOBE.
June. 29%
J*jtobfr.aufjinTttedarcpoj'tneconipanie^by a bill
(S. No. '3Ss7"for the relief of Charles A. Pitcher.
The bill was re^K^^pd pass.eil t<? a .second .rjVsul-
ing-, and the report* was ortfer.ed to be printed;
LAND LOCATIONS IS MISSOURI.
sua jiisivueted by the
o v Puf>tj$ to report back the
v bilt cQnc^rnicer.tain.locations
, of l^ds iii^the Sta|e^Mis§(^ri awl recornmQn(] :
' its passage ;'antl as it is at oca I matter of no gen-
eral concer^'tfwFwflt'proliofoly excite no contest,
p^ss^ge-now,-
i-Bf unanimous.QQftssnt the bill w«s considered
&s j« ;Oemjtuiuee_of the Whole. It provides that
ail of the right, title,-and interest of the United
Skates* in-aod to all of the lands within the re-
speeuv#. boundaries of certain described locations
"In township forty-five north of the base line, in
ttftttge seven east of the fifth principal meridian
line, in the State of Missouri-, mmle by,virtue of
certificates .issued under the $ct of Congress ap-
proved Februaty 17, 1815, eniitled " An act for
*the~;retief'of the.i^bsbitants of the late county of
New Madrid, in the Missouri Territory, who
• suffered by earthquakes," shall be granted, re-
linquished, and conveyed by the United States,
in'fee,simple iartd in: fail pmpev^y, to the persons
,6r*tlMr respective legal representatives in whose
framed the locations were scvei'ally made.
; The bilf was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed!
. COMMERCIAL XU5P0HT. '
; Mr.- ANTHONYj'-from -the Committee on
Printing, to whom was referred the motion to
print five thousand copies of the report of the
Secretary of the Treasury upon the value and
present condition of our foreign atid domestic
c^jn.mq'ce, reported the following resolution;
Which 'was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:-
Resolverf, 'That the report of the Secictary of the Tieas-
fary, coniinunicatlng, in compliancc with a resolution of
the Senate of the 12th of Maieh, 18GI1, a statistical and
general report upon the value and condition of our foioigu
and domestic commerce. be puntt d; that five thousand -id
tliUonal copies be- printed sorthe use ot iho Senate. and thai
two thousaud live hundred copies be punted for the use Oi
the Tteasury Department.
COTTON SVISCXJLATXONS BY MILITAIIV OFFICERS.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee. on Printing1, to whom was referred the res-
olution to print the report made by the military
Commission, of which Major General Irwin Mc-
Dowell was president, on certain alleged frauds in
the Western department, to report it back without
amendment, and recommend that it pass, antkilso
to ask for us present consideration.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there any
objection to its present consideration?
, Mr. GRIMES. I have no objection to its con-
sideration, but I am opposed to its passage, and
1 wish to state the reason.
Mr. COWAN. If it leads to debate I shall
object.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think it had bctttcr be
disposed of now.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Before we pass from the
subject of that resolution, I feel it to be due to a
very gallant officer of the State of Indiana, Colo-
nel Slack, of the forty-seventh regiment, to say
that I understand in the papers accompanying
the report of that investigation he is charged to
have beeu connected with some cotton specula-
tions. I have known Colonel Slack for a num-
ber of years, and a desire to make gain is no part
of his character so far as I have known him. I
believe him to be a high-minded and honorable
gentleman,as he has proved himself to be a very
gallant officer. I introduce this subject for the
purpose of enabling my colleague to have one or
two letters read to the Senate, that those letters
may go to the country in connection with this
report. They cannot, of course, be printed with
the report, but they can g-o upon the records of
the Senate and thus go to the country. I yield
to my colleague for the present.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will suggest that the resolution having been passed
over, nothing in relation to it can be received ex-
cept by unanimous consent.
, Mr. HENDRICKS. 1 presume,as this affects
the character of a very gallant officer, no Senator
y 'ill object to, it,., To cead the letters will not
occupy more than a few minutes.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. 1 shall'dctain the Sen-
ai^butf /-a moment. IVfyonly, object is to have
two letters read which wilfshow'that great injus-
tice has been done to Colonel Slack of my State
by the report of this commission of which Gen-,
eral McDowell was president.
The PRESIDENT jj)-o tempore. The Senator
from Indiana desires-unanimous consent to make
an explanation jind lead the letters he, proposes
to read..- Is there any objection?
Mr. GRIMES. 1 trust the Senate, by unani-
mous consent, willgive us an opportunity to dis-
pose qf this whole question now. There are other
officers implicated in the same way with Colonel
Slack, many of whom have been killed gallantly
fighting for the country since this report was
made, who never knew that there was the slight-
est breath of slander utteied against them in this
connection, and I want to have this whole thing
disposed of in justicc to the other officers as well
a>« to Colonel Stack.
The PRESIDENT pro- tempore. Is there any
objection to the Senatorl'rom Indiana making his.
explanation ?
Mr. GRIMES. And having the question dis-
posed of?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is not befoie the Senate. Objection was made to
the consideration of (he icsoiution, and that has
passed awn v.
Mr. CONNESS. I object.
The PRESIDENT^ tempore. Objection being
made, the matter cannot be considered.
Mr. COWAN. I withdraw the objection.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
understood the Senator from California to make
the objection.
Mr. CONNESS. If the question can be decided
without debate I shall not object, but if it isgoing
to occupy the morning hour I shall.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I shall not debate it,
but 1 wish to have two letters read in vindication
of a gallant officer who is aspersed by thativport.
The telrgiaphic account of it has gone al! owr
the country implicating him in these cotton sptc-
| illations. I wish simply to have his letter lead
and the letter of his commanding general, which
show that great injustice has been done to him.
Mr. CONNESS. If it be undeistood that it
will not be debated, but considered without de-
bate, I have no objection.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. 1 have no doubt the
investigation whs as fairly conducted as tinder the
circumstances it could be; but it was ex paite in
its nature. Men were charged who were miles
off on distant service and knew nothing whatever
of the charges against them until telegmphic re-
ports were sent all over the country that they
were implicated m cotton speculations. I shall
oppose the pt intmg of any such ex parte icport
as ihia, and I ask to have these two letters read
as part of my speech to show tho reason why no
such teport should be printed by the Senate arid
go out with the sanction of the Government.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The papers
will be read, if there be no objection. The Chair
hears none.
The Secretary read the following letters:
Carrou.ton, LonsiAN.v, June 17, 185-1.
Sir: My attention has just been called to the publication
of what piupoib to be an extract tiom the leport or the
McDowell investigating committee. One publication says
it was established beloie that committee that •'Colonel
Slack, forty-seventh Indiana volunteots, was engaged in
eotiMii speculations." Another is," Colonel Slack, toity-
seveuth Indiana volunteers, eaptuied some stlver-waie in
Mississippi, which Mr*. Cogswell complained had not been
all returned." i quote from memory, and may not use
tho prcci c language as published, but tho idea. Were the
quotations given otdinaiy newspaper flings they wou'd ie-
ceive no attention fiom nu*. but they purpott to he i^iven to
the country in a more i enable form, and come to me in a
shape that I haidlv know how to meet them. That they
are iatee in cvoiy particular, not the jrniotest shadov to
justify, mitigate, or excuse such a conclusion, I can most
truthiully say, and n k you in some rhupu in my behalf to
so say bulorc the Senate ot the C'mted Slates, and challenge
the most sign! and marching investigation. I ventmo tiie
expression without ttie tear of eontiadictioii, there is not
an officer in the Auny with whom 1 have served hut that
will say the first they ever heaid ot Mich ehaiges weie the
publications 1 have leietred to. I never had, directly
nor indirectly, anything to do with a fiber of cotton in my
life, and if ahjttungwa> testified to betore that committee
implicating me therein, it was n< ba>e peijury as wn> over
uttered from a lying seoundiel's throat. Tlie matter in
reference to the stiver-ware was simply this : I was put m
command Of three companies of infantry and one section
«? arlitleiy to" vibit tlm town ot Commerce, Mif-^i-ippi,
about filly tiutes-beiow M'iafyhis. oa-lile AHih&isMppi nver,
at rest ail the men 1 could find, and burn the town. It was
known to be a haibor lor gueirilias^and they h.ul the uay
before tired into the fcteamer 'Milt Boy, killed Ut. Lind.-av
of Memphis, a 'soldier fiom. Wisconsin. I think, and
vyotiuded oo« or two others. 1 acted as dnected, burned
the town, and ane>ted yveiy man found wiiliin two miles.
Some propelfy was captmed. Along with itwa>the box
of silver ware alluded to. I did not sec it. Wjftfc taken pos-
session of by an officer of my command, je&cued from a
btfming building,' rcpoitcd to me, and I vvas"a-Ued what
he should do with it. .1 ordered him to take chaige of it
| and keep it safely, that it was private property,and unless
! jt wa  subject to confiscation would have to bo loturi^cd Hi
' the owner. Subsequently it was stolen from tl«  lieuten-
ant who had it in ehatge,and when Mis. Cog-weii ciune
for it the' lieutenant was uuabie to produce it. Altenvaids
it was dtscoveiod, having been taken by aseigeant m com-
pany o( the lorty-seveuth regiment, and butied in the
ground. U"a  dug up and placed in my possession for >.a*e
keeping, tlie fust time 1 ivcr saw it, and i+i a few daysr
was restored to Mis. Cogswell ju t iu the form that ! re-
ceived it. Whether any of it was, taken before it ivadiod
me, 1 cannot say. It was understood oy those who knew
Mis. CogsWL.il that no lehance could be placed m any-
thing she mignt say; wan a buter rebel, and wholly unre-
liable. I have given you a gemma) idea ot tlie tnaiu'r liur-
uedly written, and ask you in my behulfto place the mutter
boioic tlie Senate and the country in s-ome siiape mat. will
vindicate me against the slaudeiou.-s outiage. Had I be**n
summoned before that committee 1 could have explained
the whole thing, but never knew until the publication I
have leferred to that my conduct in any particular was to
be criticised bv it. Peimit me to ask you to show this to
Mi. llenducks, and between you do whatevei you may
think best to perfectly vindicate me fioui tho fool and litee
a-persion. Geneial McGmnis, who was -with me all tho
tune at Helena, and constantly \«*th me lor tho pa>t two
ye;u>, lias promised me a letiei to you which I wihinclose
il it icaehes me in tune Shall anxiously wait to hear
fiom >cnt and loam the ic-uit of your action.
1 have the honor to bo, very respecttuiiy, your obedient
seivant, J* ^LACK,
Colonel Forty-Seventh Regiment Indiana Volunteers.
Hon. IIkmiy La.ss.
New Orleans, Louisiana. June 17,1864.
Dear Sir j I notice in the papers that tho McDowell
cotton couit lias implicated Colonel J. It. Slack, ot tlie
foity-^eveoth Indiana, in cotton speculations at Helena,
Atkansa-i. [ was vet) much astonished at thi-, fiom tlie
factihatdunug an a-isociauon of two years withhnn intlio
Auny J have never hoard liiin accused oi suspeetedul hav-
ing had anyxluitg to do with cotton.
I am tuii) f>a;' -fied tliatlhis charge lias been tmtnpedup
ajj.tiiHt (Joioncl Slack for the purpose of shielding and
\\it; di.uviu'i aitention fiom iaigergaine.
i do not believe that Colonel Slack could liavo engaged
in that business and have kept it seciet fiom all the Irtdi-
anaoihcers stationed at Helena at that time.
Among the Indiana otlicers at Helena dunug the time
that the neavy cotton opeiations weie going on, were Bug-
adier Geneial A. P. llovey, Colonel Comad Baker, (ir t
eavahy ; Colonel Shunk, eighth Indiana; Colonel Wash-
burn, eighteenth; Colonel Spiceh, twenty-fourth ; Colonel
C,ou'eion, lim ty touith; Colonel McLean, toi ty-timd ; Col-
onels Filch and hnnghuist, forty-sixth; Colonel Slack,
foity-sevenlh ; and mjself, of the eleventh. I met these
oliicei.-. frequently, and we hardly ever met without di-en.>a-
ing the incuts ot officers icponed to be engaged m cotton
speculations, and they were generally voiy well known.
During al! ot out discussions upon that subject the name
ot Colonel Fitch wastbe only one that wasevei' mentioned
of Indiana officers who weie engaged in speculations ol
any kind, and it was geneially understood and believed
that no other indiana otficer was t,o engaged, opcoaHy no
othft Indiana colonel.
Colonel Slack couM not have engaged in cotton speculations
icithoat some of us knowing something about it. 1 believe
that every officer whose name I have mentioned will sus-
tain me in the above assertion.
In regard to the silver-ware s-aid to have been captured
by Colonel Slack, and "all of winch has not been re-
turned,"' I never heaid of the affair until a few dajs since
I lead of it in the papers in connection with the cotton
speculations. Upon inquiry, 1 am leminded of an expe-
dition, undei Colonel Slack, to a point between Helena
and Memphis, with orders to burn certain houses in tlie
neighhoihood. as a punishment to the residents tor per-
muting our boats to be fiied upon by the icbels. Tne box
ot ware was taken fiom tho burning house by an officer
under Slack's command, and without ins knowledge. It
was biought to Helena, and kept by the olficer, until
claimed by the pieiended ovtuei, when *t was icuimed
thiough Colonel slack's headqu.ntei->.
'J'iie /act that the woman churning tiie Mlver-waie boie a
notouou^iy had eiuuacter is sufficient, in my opmion, to
give the he to her assertion that the whole of it had not
been leturned.
I j Colonel Slack has always ptoved himselfa faithful, earn-
jj est, and pauiotic officer. 1 '>e!ieve that  ios-> ijyu-tico
II ha-> beeu done iiun by the McDowell court, and as it is
almost impossible at this time to organize a couiteom-
j posed oi olheeis who were at Ht'lena at tiie time and ae-
■ I qtiamtcd with tue lacts, uho wou'd, I have no doubt, oc-
(juit Inm ot aii sucii chaiget, 1 tiunic tiiat he tiiould hive
'i tlie benejit of a public denial in'open Congtess, and i know
; j of no man betiei able to do justice in the matter than jour-
!i s>eif, piovided you behevo Colonel Slack guiltless.
I ant, sii, veiy lespeettuliy, voui obedient s. ivaut,
G. F. MeGU'NIS,
Brigadier ticneiul Volunteers*
Hon. H. S. Ti ass. United Slates Senate.
iiefoie the reading was concluded,
Mr. TRUMBULL, i wove to dispense with
