1406
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 4,
be elected1 he would take a certain oath prescribed
by the laws of Maryland. It was from those nets,
iiot from any order which General Wallace had
£?ven, butfrom the declaration that he would give
these men whatever aid he could, and from his
- propounding questions as a military.oflicer to can-
didates, he himself not being a citizen of the State
and only there simply as a military commander,
that I drew the inference I stated.
Mr. LANE, Of Indiana. General Wallace did
put certain interrogatories to Mr. Kilbourn,first,
whether he was a member of tine Legislature
which attempted to pass an ordinance of seces-
sion, to which he responded in the affirmative;
and then he asked certain other questions, and*
finally asked that man if he could swear that he
had given no aid and comfort to the rebellion, to
which he said that he could not, and he volunta-
rily declined to run for the Maryland convention
at the approaching election. General Wallace
only said that so far as he was concerned, with-
out designating any policy which should govern
him, he would say that he did not believe a rebel
and a traitor had any political rights, and 1 say
here the same tiling, and every patriot m tho land
says the same thing, that a rebel*and a traitor in
Maryland or any where else has no political rights;
nnd he would be recreant to his duty if he did not
exclude all such from the polls and all such from
candidacy in the State of Maryland.
Mr. SAULSKURY. 1 rise to make simply
one remark, and not to occupy the time of the
Senate. I think the Senator from Indiana mani-
fests too much sensitiveness in reference to Gen-
eral Wallace. Nobody has made any attack upon
General Wallace. I referred simply to what {saw
in the papers, and the point of my remark was
that he, being a military officer, not a citizen of
Maryland, clothed by no law with authority to
propound any mteirogatorics or do any other
thing in reference to the elections in Maryland,
I regarded it as an intimation that when an elec-
tion should take place he would undertake to have
some supervision over that election.
JS'lr. JOHNSON. I think the honorable mem-
ber from Indiana perhaps tines not understand
the position which General Wallace has taken,
with which I find no fault. lie put the inten or-
atories to tin; former member of the Legislature
of Maryland, leferred to by the honorable {Sena-
tor from Indiana, and the answers which were
given he has stated very correctly. There his
interference, so far at any rate, has terminated.
But there is an election to be held m Maryland
during the present week, and General Wallace
very properly wrote a letter to the Governor of
the State asking what the law was in a certain
particular. He wanted to know whethera clause
in the law under which the convention election is
about to be held authorized thejudges of election
to put any inquiries that they might think proper
in order to asceitain whether the party ottering
to vote was or was not entitled to vote, and
whether his light or title tu vote under that law
would be affected by its turning out, either by his
own answers or by pmof aliunde, tlu>t lie had
aided and comforted the rebellion dm ing the strug-
gle. To the letter containing these inquiries, he
received what he admitted to be a very satisfac-
tory answer from our Governor. The Governor
cited the sections of the particular statute under
which this election is to be held, and one or two
sections ot the gtmera! laws applicable to the same
subject, and told him, and I have no doubt cor-
rectly told him, that under those laws it was not
only the right but the duty of the judges of elec-
tion to make the inquiry, and he add<>d, what Gen-
eral Wallace I am very sure will admit to be per-
fectly sound, that the whole depended upon the
laws of Maryland, that they were abundantly
able to keep the ballot-box from the pollution of
rebellious or tirutorious votes, and that the judges
are liable to an indictment if they do not faith-
fully discharge their duty. Geneial Wallace in
his lettei did not suggest that it was his purpose
to interfere by U3ing the military in any way
whatever, and I understand that in point of fact
it is not his purpose in any contingency to resort
to the military unless it shall become necessary
to repress some tumultuous violence which the
civil authorities of the city or the State may be
unable to quell.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 renew my ftiotion to
take up the naval appropriation bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope that will not be
done. Let us go on and vote upon the proposi-
tion before the Senate, if nobody .is disposed to
speak on it.
. Mr. FESSENDEN. There are others who
mean to speak on it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us see. There is no-
body proposing to speak upon it now, and there
is an amendment pending.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question it*
on the amendmentproposed by the Senator from
Kentucky [Mr. Davis] to the amendment re-
ported by the Committee on the Judiciary. The
Senator from Maine, however, moves to postpone
the present order and all prior orders for the pur-
pose of proceeding to the consideration of the bill
indicated by him.
Mr. TRXJMBULL. I hope that will not be
done. I said all that I can say about it when the
matter was called up this morning. There are
no new suggestions, that I know of to make. I
stated to the Senator from Maine then that 1
thought we should get through the appropriation
bills and everything more speedily by finishing
one thing when we have it up. This debate will
come to a close before very long, 1 think, if we
continue to hold on to the joint resolution. Sup-
pose we sit here an hour or two longer to-night,
and if persons desire to speak upon it we shall
get through with the speaking in the course of n.
day or two by holding longer sessions; and at
any rate if every body speaks we can get through
in the course of two or three days more by keep-
ing the subject before the Senate constantly. But
if we take up another measure and liear a single
speech a day, I do not know when we shall get
through with this if it be laid aside for other busi-
ness.
1 think the Senator from Maine will accom-
plish the purpose which we all have, to facilitate
the business of the session and close the session
sooner, by allowing this measure to be continued
till it is finished. I am willing to sit'here at later
hours. 1 hope the Senate will not postpone, this
for any other subject until we get a vote upon it.
If the Senate does postpone it, of course i have
no more to say in regard to it. 1 have made the
statement to the Senate, and do not wish to take
uptime in repeating. 1 think it is an economy
of time to hold on to this joint resolution until it
is finished. I hope the Senate will so think.
Mi. FESSENDEN. 1 can only say it is a
matter of enure indifference to me. 1 have no
interest in the mattei any more than any other
Senator present. My judgment is that in the state
of the business which is now before and will
soon be before the Committee on Finance, it is
advisable to get one or two of the appropriation
bills out of the way, and 1 have several reasons.
I should like to dispose of the naval bill and an-
other appropriation bill, the legislative, execu-
tive, and judicial appropriation bill, if 1 can. 1
will not piacc any very great 1 chance on my own
judgment, but I think it is advisable, and with
my notion and views of the business of the Sen-
ate, I advise it to be done. If the Senate shall
decide otherwise, I shall be quite content.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If I may be allowed to
say a single word on this question, it seems to me
that if the measure which is now pending before
the Senate could be before the Senate to-monow,
which is Tuesday, and on Wednesday, with an
understanding that we Uiall close the matter on
Wednesday night, all the gentlemen who desire
to speak can speak by that time, and it will be
out of the way, and I shall be willing then to go
with the honorable chairman of the Committee
on Finance, to take up his financial bills and stand
by him and keep everything out of the way until
he disposes of them, But this matter, it seems to
me, is exceedingly important. The discussion,
I suppose, is nearly through; I understand the
honorable Senator from Maryland [Mr. John-
son] is to address the Senate, and 1 do not know
that there is any other gentleman who wishes to
address the Senate, but there may be; atall events
to-morrow and the next day we can close this
matter and allow it to go to the House of Repre-
sentatives. I make that suggestion and shall
govern my vote accordingly. I feel anxiety to
go on in finishing these financial measures. I
agree, they are the measuies which must be at-
tended to; but just in the present situation of af-
fairs I hope the Senate will allow this resolution
lo go on to-morrow and the next day, with the
understanding that we come to a vote and close it
on Wednesday.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask for the yeas and
nays on my motion.
The veas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 30, nays 14; as follows:
YEAS—Messta. Anthony, Brown, Buckaltnv, Carhle,
Claik, Collamer, Conness, Davis, Fessenden, Foot, flaid-
ing, Howard, Johnson, Morrill, Powell, Itam&ey,Saulsbury,
Van Winkle, Willey, ami Wilson—20. -
NAYS—Messrs. Chatuller, Doohttle, Hale, Harlan, Har-
ris, Lane of Indiana, Lane ot* Kansas, Morgan, Pomeroy,
Sprague, Sumner, Ten Uyck, Tiumbull, and Wade—14.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The vote shows
the want of ft quorum.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, 4, 1864.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. W. H. Channing.
The Journal of Saturday lust was read and ap-
proved.
. ' GALL OF COMMITTEES-JTOR REPORTS.
The SPEAKER stated that the first business
in order was the call of committees for reports to
go upon the Calendar, and not to be called back
by a motion to reconsider.
No reports were offered.
BOUNTIES.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania, submitted
the following resolution; which was read,consid-
ered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be re-
quested, if in their judgment advisable, to report to this
IJoiw a hill so amending the sixth section of the act ap-
pioved July '.22,1 SGI, relating to the gunning of bounties to
any volunteer v\ho maj be received into the service of
the L"n;t< d Stales" under Kud act, whereby the benefits of
such amount of bounty may be extended to all volunteers
(or their heir*) who enlisted prior to the passage ot said act
approved July 22, 1861, and who were killed or wou.idcd,
ami, in tho latter c.i^e, bonoiahly di-chaiged from tue ser-
vice by rtjatson of wounds received, the same to be paid in
like manner us is pumded for in the act approved July 11,
1662.
UNDISTRIBUTED BOOKS.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts, from the
Committee on Printing, submitted the following
re&olution:
RaulveJ, That the Committee on Printing be directed
to roimder and cpoit in iccard to .some feasible and pioper
method of dMiibutmg the undistributed balances of books
her* totoie punted or pui chased foi the use of the membeis
of the House of Representatives.
Mr. PRUYN. Docs that embrace anything
beyond the books published by the House of Rep-
resentatives ?
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. It does
not.
Mr. PRUYN. I ask the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts to make his resolution broader. There
are now in the Department of the Interior 
Mr. SPEAKER. If the resolution give rise
to debate it must go over. If there be no objec-
tion, the gentleman will be heard.
There was no objection.
Mr. PRUYN. At the last Congress a resolu-
tion wa« passed for distributing all the books left
undistributed m the Department of the Interior.
The resolution was imperfect, and the Secretary
of the interior found it impossible to carry it out.
It tcmains therefore for the present Congress to
give such order in regard to that distribution as
they may see fit. I ask the gentleman to make
his resolution broader, so as to cover the distri-
bution referred to in the act passed at the lastses-
tfion of Cungrt-ss.
Mr. BALDWIN, ofMassachusetts. I have no
objection.
Mr. LAW. In regard to that resolution which
I reported from the Committee on the Library I
will say that there was found to be a great many
broken sets of books, and the difficulty was m
their distribution.
Mr. PRUYN. We can provide for that.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. It is a
proposition that the Committee on Printing shall
consider whether any feasible measure can be
adopted for the distribution of all such books. I
accept the modification of my resolution suggested
