1864.
THE COiYGUlESSIONAL GLOBE.
the further reading of these papers. It seems to
me that it will not do to bring in papers of this
character to be read to the Senate at this stage.
Every officer in the Army will be sending letters
h?re.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Will the Senator
from Illinois pardon me? The letters are read as
part of my speech on this resolution to print, and
I have a right to have them read, and go into the
Globe, and that-was my object in having them
presented to the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL.' I was notaware that they
were being read as part of the Senator's speech.
1 suppose he has a right to read as part of his
speech what lie pleases. I was not aware that
they came in that shape. But the Senator from
Indiana will perceive what the result will be. 1
get many letters complaining, and if I have them
read, every officer, the moment it is learned that
such a practice prevails, of course will send his
defense here. It will lead to very great abuse, I
thuik. I was not aware the Senator was making j
a speech, and having letters read as part of his *
speech, I concede his right to do that.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. It is not only a part
of my speccfi, but all of my speech, and I sent
them up to be read, because the Clerk could read
quicker than 1 could.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If these papers are the
Senator's .whole speech, I object to the farther
reading, because he cannot make a speech by
merely reading the letters of others. 1 move to
dispense with the further reading.
Mr. LANE, oflndiana. The Senator will par-
don me again. I commenced my remarks and
stated the case, and stated that I wished these two
letters read as part of my speech> but if the Clerk
will return them to me, as I have the floor I will
read them myself.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope the Senator from Illi-
nois will permit them to be read. I objected to
the proceeding; but on the understanding that
there would be nodebate, and only the mere read-
ing of the letters, I withdrew the objection. The
Senator from Illinois was not in then.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not want to interfere
with any airangement that has been made in the
Senate; I was not aware of any such arrange-
ment; but I am sure the Senator from Indiana
will see that this is a very bad practice.
The Secretary concluded the reading of the
letters.
Mr. GRIMES. I now move that the resolu-
tion from the Committee on Printing, directing
that the proceedings of (his military commission
be printed, be indefinitely postponed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think we ought to see
the document. The committee report in favor of
printing it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
.of the Senator from Iowa will be entertained, if
there be no objection. The Chair hears none.
Mr. GRIMES. If Senators want to know
something: about this, I will tell them. The Sec-
retary of War, the President of the United States,
or some military chief or authority here, ap-
pointed a military commission to go out into the
western country and examine into the conduct
of military officers. It was wholly an ex parte
commission; they took nothing but hearsay tes-
timony; and in that testimony a great many offi-
cers were implicated who never knew anything
about their names having been connected with it,
some of whom have fallen gallantly fighting for
the country without knowing up to the hour of
their death that their names had been at all con-
nected with it. When it was known by some of
the officers that their names had been thus impli-
cated, they were permitted to take ex parte testi-
mony to refute the charges, and among that num-
ber was a citizen of my own State, General Cur-
tis. When the resolution was first introduced
calling for the proceedings of the McDowell mili-
tary commission, I moved to amend it so as to
call for the testimony that had been furnished by
any officer in rebuttal of the charges against him,
but that testimony has not been sent in m con-
nection with thetestimony against them. I move
that the resolution to print these proceedings be
postponed indefinitely.
The motion was agreed to.
MART KELLOGG.
Mr. FOSTER, The Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred House joint resolution No;
303, for the relief of Mary Kellogg, report favor-
ably. This resolution was fitst referred to the
Committee on' Military Affairs. They werodis-
charged, and it was then referred to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs. They were discharged, and
it was then referred to the Committee on Pensions.
-There is an item in it which is appropriate to
each of these committees. This widow is the
widow of a man who was hangrd at Richmond
by the rebels a short time since as a spy. This-
joint resolution proposes to pa^ her the amount
due to her husband at the time of his death for
services in the Army and in the Navy, and also to
give her the pension appropriately belonging to
her as his widow. 1 think under the circum-
stances it ought to be passed, and passed now.
It is short, has been passed by the House of Rep-
resentatives, has been before three committees
of the Senate, and is therefore pretty well under-
stood.
By unammousconsent,thejoint resolution (H.
R. No. 103) for the relief of Mary Kellogg was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
provides that the name of Spencer Kellogg be en-
tered upon the rolls of the Navy Department,
with the rank of fourth master, to date from June
1, 1862; and that Mary Kellogg, his widow, be
put upon the pension list with the pension inci-
dent to the rank of her husband. It also directs
the proper accounting officers of theTren^ury to
settle and adjust the accounts of Spencer Kellogg,
as a fust lieutenant of infantry, from September
14, 1881, to October 28, 18GI,and hisaecounts as
fourth master in the Navy fioin August 1, 1862,
to September 25, 1863, the date of his execution
at Richmond, Virginia, by the icbels; andtopay
any money due him to his widow, Mary Kellogg.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate, ouleied to a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
MEXICAN AFFAIRS.
Mr. WADE. 1 renew my motion to take up
House bill No. 244.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Reports are
still in older.
Mr. SUMNER. The Committee on Foreign
Relations, to whom was relet red a message of
thePresident of the United States, communicat-
ing, in compliance with a resolution of the Sen-
ate of the J28th of May, information relative to
Mexican affairs, have had the same underconsid-
eration, and have dnectcd mo to report that ac-
companying the message is a large mass of doc-
uments embracing coiicspondence and other pa-
pers relating to our affaits with Mexico, and the
pending questions between Mexico and France;
the collection is very voluminous. So far as
the committee have been able to examine it, they
feel unable to affirm that it is at this moment of
sufficient importance to justify its publication.
Under the circumstances, they have directed me
to report it back to the Senate with a recommend-
ation that it be referred to the Committee on
Printing. There is in connection with this pub-
lication naturally a question of economy with
regard to which the Committee on Foreign Rela- [
tions felt that the Committee on Printing would !
be the best judge. ,
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope that reference will j
not be made. 1 believe the Committee on the j
Judiciary is the proper committee when it is de- ;
sired to'get lid'of something that nobody else j
wants, ilow is the Committee on Printing to go j
through this mass of documents at this session? :
If the*Senator from Indiana [Mr. Hendricks]
j were on the commiltce 1 should at once assent to ;
i the reference. j
Mr. HALE. I concur with the remarks made ;
by the Senator irom Rhode Island. I think this
matter peculiarly belongs to the Committee on |
Foreign Relations, and it they have not been able ;
to decide whether this correspondence ought to ;
be printed, it is unfair to turn it over to the Com-
mittee on Printing, i ask for a division ot the
question. 1 have no objection to discharging the
Committee on Foreign Relations, but I think the
Committee on Pi mting should not be called on to
decide a question which the committee to whom
it appropriately belongs have not been able to
decide.
The PRESIDENT^™ tempore. A division of
the question bping called for, the first vote will
be on discharging thc.Conrfrniftee oti Foreign-Re-
lations. . ■' *;i
Mr. CONNESSc Js it.kM^r.td moV.e tftUQr
the whole subject on the tuSHr. <. >-•/
TherPRESlDENTpro tenfyare. It**, •,
Mr. CONN ESS. 1 make that raptfoflk* ,-tlfi
Mr. WADE. I hope not. I called out tjixe&Q*'
documents.'1 ~ ' •'
Mr. CONNESS. I withdimvHht motion. , ,
Mr. WADE. 1 have no questionjn myo-wrt)
mind that these papers contain^informafij<>o?&s
valuable and infinitely more so than- tw<J thirds*
of all those which we have printed at*, this .ses-
sion.- Ldo nbt know but that there may be States
secrets mixed up in these papers that sQm©:gen-
tlemen feel tender-footed about; but they relate to
great national affairs. 1 do not know how many
of them are important; but thfct ntat'tei^of im-
portance are contained in them I havenoMli§tedst-
doubt; and why they should be made a f?|)£eralJ
exception to all that has been done in the'Way/6ifJ
printing, and why this particular spasm
omy in iegard to that matter has'come over
body just now, I cannot understand. I h'ope th'e^
papers will he printed; I hope the world will'Be
allowed to know what there is in them. If therfe*
is anything contained in them which is worthy;
of investigation and which the pebple^shodl'd1
know, the best way is to'print them as we usually
do. If I am mistaken about them, if fthey con-
tain "nothing valuable, it is worth white to-priitt"
them to let the people understand that that is-the'
fact. In either case, no satisfactory result will-be
anivod at in regard to these papers imlfess-we re-
sort to the ordinary course and order them to b6
printed. If you suppress Uffm, you may give
rise to a suspicion of something wrong when there
is nothing wrong, if there is anything important
in them, the people ought to know U. 1 hope they
will be printed.
Mr. SUMNER. I have but a word to say. I
said that there was a question of economy in con-"
nection with the printing of this vast mass of
papers. If printed, they will occupy atieast two
volumes as large as the report of the committee
on the conduct of the* war. The Committee on.
Foreign Relations have no connection with the
Superintendent of Printing which would enable,
them to obtain estimates of the expense of such
a publication. Those estimates are habitually
obtained by our Committee on Printing. It was
felt, therefore, that it belonged properly to that
committee to consider whether, under the citcum-
stances,it was expedient, after ascertaining what
the expense would be, to authorize the publica-
tion.
Mr. WADE. Let me ask the Senator how
much the expense would be.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not know. I have not
the honor of being upon the Committee on Piint-
ing.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 am in favor of printing these
papers. I think they ought to be printed. I
agree with the Senator from Ohio that they are
infinitely moie valuable to the country and have
more permanent importance than three fourths of
all the matter that is ordered to he printed by the
Senate.
Mr. COWAN. I hope these papers will not
be printed for two reasons, either of which, it
strikes me, would be ample. In the first place,
if they are printed nobody will read them; and in
the second place, if people do read them nobody
will care anything about them. We have some-
thing else to think about at present than the con-
sideration of any such questions as arise in this
case.
Mr. CONNESS. Is not a motion to prmtthe
usual number in order?
| The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster m
! the chair.) The present motion before the Sen-
| ate is to discharge the Committee on Foreign
Relations from the further consideration of the
subject. .
Mr. CONNESS. I hope that question will be
j taken.
i The motion to discharge was agreed to.
1 Mr. CONNESS. Now, I move that the usual
■! number of these papers be punted for the use of
,, the Senate. .
:] Mr WADE. 1 wish to inquire of the chair-
!i man of the Committee on Printing what will be
'i the probable expense of printing the-usual nam*
' ber of this document.
