1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tion to the chairman of the Committee on Finance,
as he is in his seat. Some two or three weeks ago
I introduced a bill having for its object the sup-
pression of gambling in gold. I should like to
know from him what the committee have done or
will do upon the subject.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I can only say in answer
to the inquiry that the Committee on Finance, or
different members of it, have had the subject under
consideration, and are still considering it; but we
have not yet matured any measure in relation to
the matter. We are obliged to give attention to
other subjects, though that is of a great deal of
importance to be sure. The legislation which has
been had does not seem to have produced much
effect. The committee as yet have come to no con-
clusion on the subject, and I cannot give any defi-
nite opinion as to what conclusion they will arrive
at, nor even as to the time when they will arrive at
a conclusion. I will state to the Senator that the
subject is also under consideration, as I under-
stand, in the other House, or by the Committee
of Ways and Means; and as any legislation on
the subject must pass both Houses, I think no
time is lost by allowing such period as may be ne-
cessary for the careful consideration of the sub-
ject, and it is by no means a matter that is free
from difficulty.
PENSION APPROPRIATION BILL.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The regular order
of business, there being nothing in the morning
hour, is the Calendar; and the first bill on the
Calendar is the bill (H. R. No. 33) making ap-
propriations for the payment of invalid and other
pensions of the United States for the year ending
the 30th of June, 1865, which is before the Senate
as in Committee of the Whole.
The bill was read at length. It proposes to ap-
propriate the following sums for the payment of
pensions for the year ending the 30th of June,
1865: For invalid pensions under various acts,
§1,000,000. For pensions to widows, mothers
children, and sisters, under the first section of the
act of 4th July, 1836; act of July 21, 1848; first
section of the act of February 3, 1853; June 3,
1858; and July 14, 1862, "§2,200,000.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
PAY OF INSPECTORS OF CUSTOMS.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I mo ve to take up a little
bill reported from the Committee on Finance au-
thorizing an increase of the pay of inspectors of
customs.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No
66) to increase the compensation of inspcctois of
customs in certain ports was read a second time,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It authorizes the Secretary of the Treasury to in-
crease the compensation of inspectors of customs
in such ports as he may think it advisable so to
do, and may designate, by adding to the present
compensation of those officers a sum not exceed-
ing one dollar per day.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 was about to say a
word in explanation of this bill, but no Senator
seems to desire it. The Committee on Finance
are exceedingly averse to, and as a general rule
set themselves against increasing pay in any case
whatever. It is only m very special cases, where
they are convinced that it is absolutely due as a
matter of justice and necessity to officers, that
they cannot get along without it, that they con-
sent to take the matter even into consideration.
This bill is exceedingly limited. There are cer-
tain ports in the United States, undoubtedly,
where the compensation of inspectors of customs
should be increased. It is now less than $1,000
a year, and it has remained so for perhaps more
than half a century. The committee have come
to the conclusion that it ought to be increased m
certain places, and they left the designation of
those places to the Secrelaiyof the Treasury,
being unable to obtain the kind of information
that would enable them to do it. They are very
few, however. I think there is no objection to
the bill as it stands, and as a matter of justice it
ought to be passed.
The bill was passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the House of Representatives had passed a bill
No. 156) to supply deficiencies in the appropria-
tions for the service of the fiscal year ending the
30th of June, 1864; in which the concurrence of
the Senate was requested.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
following enrolled bills and joint resolutions;
which thereupon received the signature of the
Vice President:
A bill (H. R. No. 33) making appropriations
for the payment of invalid and other pensions of
the United States for the year ending the 30th of
June, 1865;
A bill (S. No. 49) relating to the admission of
patients to the hospital for the insane in the Dis-
trict of Columbia;
A joint resolution (S.No. 2) expressive of the
thanks of Congress to Major General Nathaniel
P. Banks and the officers and soldiers under his
command at Port Hudson;
A joint resolution (S. No. 3) expressive of the
thanks of Congress to Major General Joseph
Hooker, Major General George G. Meade, and
Major General Oliver O. Howard, and the officers
and soldiers of the army of the Potomac;
A joint resolution (S. No. 5) of thanks to Major
General Ambrose E. Burnside, and the officers
and men who fought under his command; and
A joint resolution (S. No. 14) presenting the
thanks of Congress to Cornelius Vanderbilt for
a gilt of the steamship Vanderbilt.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill (H.R. No. 156) to supply deficiencies
in the appropriations for the service of the fiscal
year ending the 30th of June, 1864, was read
twicc by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Finance.
ENLISTMENTS IN TIIE ARMY.
Mr. WILSON. I move now to take up for
consideration the bill (S. No. 41) to promote en-
listments in the Army of the United States, and
for other purposes.
Mr. CONNESS. If the Senator from Massa-
chusetts will permit me, I should like to call up
Senate bill No 60, reported from the Committee
on Public Lands this morning. It will not occupy
perhaps more than a few moments in its consid-
eration. The bill refeired toby the Senator from
Massachusetts is one of general importance. I
will say one woid in explanation of the bill I de-
siie to have taken up. It proposes amendments
to the homestead act of great consequence to the
people of our country.' It proposes no change
that the Senate will not probably readily assent
to. I ask the consent of the Senate to consider
it now.
Mr. CLARIC. Unless there is some very ur-
gent reason for haste, I think that bill had better
be postponed a little longer.
Mr. CONNESS. There is, in this: that it pro-
poses to extend to citizens of the United States
who are soldiers in the Army or are engaged in
the naval service the privileges of that act. They
cannot now avail themselves of them until this
amendment shall be passed.
Mr. CLARK. 1 will say to the Senator from
California that I read the bill over, but did not
have an opportunity to consider it as long as 1
might desire; and the Senator knows very well
that neither he nor I have very much time to spare.
If he will lot it lie over for a day or two I will give
my attention to it and examine it I do not mean
to say by this that I am not entirely in favor of
it. I think I am, as 1 understand it.
Mr. CONNESS. I consent to that, and will
waive my motion.
The V ICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts moves to postpone all prior orders,
and that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of the bill (S. No. 41) to promote enlistments in
the Aimy of the United States, and for other pur-
poses.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole,resumed the consid-
H eration of the bill.
jj Mr. GRIMES. I propose to amend the bill in
ti lines ten and eleven of section two, by striking
out the words "two months' pay in advance)"
and inserting, "such sums in bounty as the Pres-
ident shall order in the different States and parts
of the United States, not exceeding the- sum of
$100;" so that the clause shall read:
And that every person of African descent who shall "here-
after be mustered into the service shall receive su?h sums
in bounty as the rresidentshali order in tile different States
and parts of the United States, not exceeding the sum of
$100. '
I will state my purpose in offering this amend-
ment. I think that if a colored man enlists in
Massachusetts or Rhode Island or Iowa, and
goes into the Army for the term of three yearfl,
and serves the country, he ought to be and is en-
titled to a bounty. It may be possible that this
class of troops may be secured for a very small
bounty in some portions of the country, as in
South Carolina or Alabama or Louisiana; and if
so, while, the President paid $100 in the States
twhich I have named to free colored persons as a
bounty for enlisting in the Army, lie would, un-
der this amendment, be authorized in these other
States to give such smaller sura as he might find
from experience or from representations made to
him by the proper officers it might be necessary
for him to give. I received a letter a few days ago
—1 regret that I have not got it with me—from a
gentleman in Missouri speaking of the necessity
of something being done in this connection. He
said that at present there was only a sum of two
dollars paid to any person there for a colored re-
cruit, either to the colored ncian who enlisted or to
any person who might be engaged in securing him
for the service; but that if there was a bounty of
twenty or thirty dollars paid, a vast number of
those persons might be collected into the service.
Thc^s the object of the amendment, and I think
it a very laudable one.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POWELL. I move to strike out the third
section of this bill; and I ask the Secretary to read
it.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Sec. 3. -3mi be it further enacted, That when any per-
son of African descent, vviiose service or labor is claimed
in any State under the laws thereof, shall be mustered into
the linhtdiy or naval servicc of the United States, he, his
mother, and Ms wife and children, shall forever thereafter
be free, any law, usage, or custom whatsoever to the con-
trary notwithstanding; and all laws and paits of laws in-
consistent herewith are hereby repealed.
Mr. POWELL. Mr. President, this section
of the bill, to my mind, is clearly and palpably
unconstitutional. I should like the chairman of
the Military Committee, who reported the bill, to
point me to the clause of the Constitution which
authorizes the passage of such a section as this.
I believe it has heretofore been admitted on all
hands, by all political organizations of this coun-
try, with very few exceptions, that the institution
of African slavery in the States where it exists is
a matter of local concernment thatcannotbe inter-
fered with by the action of the Federal Govern-
ment. Now, this section proposes thatif a man
of African descent shall be enlisted in the Army
or join the Army of the United States, not only
he himself, but also his mother, his wife, and his
children shall all be free in consequence of that
act, any law or usage or custom to the contrary
notwithstanding. Well, sir, suppose thataslave
belonging to a rebel in the State of Mississippi,
if you please, or any other State, were to enlist
into the Army, and he should have children or a
mother or a wife, who were the slaves of loyal
men in adhering and loyal States, under this pro-
vision they would be free, provided this law could
have any efficacy whatever. There is certainly
no power in this Congress to pass any such law.
It is depriving loyal men of loyal States of then-
property by the legislative enactment of this Con-
gress.
It was very distinctly and clearly setforth even
in the Chicago platform that each State has a right
to regulate and manage its domestic institutions
in its own way. The truth is that the question is
too plain for argument; but I should be obliged
to the gentleman who reported this bill if he would
indicate to us the clause in the Constitution that
authorizes this section. He certainly will not
contend that we can do things here in our legis-
lative capacity when there is no power conferred
upon us by the Constitution of the country to do
them.
But, sir, I shall say no more at present. I <le-
