1408
CONGRESSIONAL GLGBB.
April 4.
■JAYS—iVlessr*. Jumes u. /Yuen, Aneona, /uigunius v.
Id win, Dlifs, Chauler, Cox, Cravens, Dawson, Dem-
n, Eden, Eldrklge, English, Finck, Cndei, Gris-wold,
irringtou, Herrick, Iloltnan, Philip Johnson, Kall>fl<*i->ch,
eminent or authority of the United States, by tho
order, command, consent, or knowledge of them,
or either of them, respectively, and who have not
bsen charged, tried, or convicted before any civil
or criminal (not military) court of the land; to-
gether with the charge against such person, or
cause for such arrest and imprisonment, if there
be any; and the name of the prison, fort, or place
where they are severally kept or .confined. Also,
whether any person or persons, for any alleged
like offense, have been banished or sent from the
United States, or from the States not in rebellion
to the rebellious States, and the names, times,
alleged offense or cause thereof; and whether with
or without trial; and if tried, before what court.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I demand the previous
question on the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. ROLLINS, of New Hampshire, moved
to lay the resolution on the table, and demanded
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 62, nays 39; as follows:
YEAS—iMowrs. Alley,'Allison, Ames, Anderson, Arnold,
Ashley,John D. Baldwin, Baxter, Beaman, Blaine, Blow,
Boyd, Btoomall, William G. Brown, Ambrose W. Clark,
Freeman Clarke, Cobb, Cole, Thomas T. Dave, l)ixo ,
DncgM,Eek!ey,Ehot,Frank,Grinnell, Hale, Higby, Hoopur,
Hotchln^, AsaliH W. Hubbard, Jenekes, Julian, Francis
W. Kellogg, r.ongyear, MoBrido, McClurtr, SatouH P. Mil-
ler, Mnoihrad, Morrill, Amo< Mjeri, Leonard Myers, Nor-
ton, Charles O'Neill, Oith. Patterson, rerham, Pike, Price,
Alexander H. Rice, Edward H. Rollins, Shannon, Spal-
ding, Stevens, Thayer, Tracy, Up«on,Van Vnlkenhurgli,
Klihu N. Washburno, William B. Washburn, Wilder, Win-
dow, and Woodbridge—62.
NAYS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Aneona, Augustus C.
Bald
son,
Harrington, ,
Law, J,aj5eur, Long, Mallory, ftlar«*y, iMcKmnoy, Middle-
ton, James K.Mornv, Mori ison, John O'Neill, Pruyn, Sam-
uel J. Randall, Robinson, Rogers, John U. Steele, Wheeler,
Chilton A. White, VVinfield, and Yeaman—39.,
So the resolution was laid upon the table.
Mr. IIOLMAN (during the roll-call) stated that
his colleague, Mr. McDowul, was still wbaent,
and was paired with Mr. McIndoe.
LAND GRANT TO WEST VIKO'lNIA*
Mr. BROWN, of West Virginia, by unani-
mous conacnt, and in pursuance of previous no-
tice, introduced a bill granting to the West Vn-
ginia Central Railroad Company two million acres
of the public land* on certain conditions; which
was read a fiist and second time by its title, and
referred to the Committee on I'ub^c Lamia.
' - WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion of Mr. WASHIWRNE, of Illinois,
leave was granted for the withdrawal from the files
of the House of the papers relative to an inciease
of the pay of the collectors and deputy collectors
on the northern and northwestern fronueis, for
the purpose of reference to the Senate.
MEXICAN AFFAIRS.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to report from the
Committee on Foreign Affairs a joint resolution
relative to our relations with Mexico.
The joint resolution was read. It declares that
the Congress of the United States are unwilling;
by silcnce to leave the nations of the woild un-
der the impression that they ate indifferent specta-
tors of the deplorable events now transpiring in
the republic of Mexico, and that they therefore
think fit to declare that it does not accord with
the policy of the United States to acknowledge
any monarchical Government erected on the ruins
of any republican Government in America under
the auspices of any European Power.
Mr. BROOKS. What does the gentleman pro-
pose to do with the joint resolution?
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland, I propose to put
It upon its passage.
jVIr. BROOKS. I have no Objection to the joint
resolution if it be not a mere paper fulminauon.
I do object, however, to paper thunder. If it
means anything I am m favor of the resolution;
if not, i am opposed to it
No objection being made, the joint resolution
was reported from the Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Mr. Speaker,
whether it be a mere paper fulmination or not de-
pends upon whether the Congress of the United
States shall adopt it* and whether it represents,
in adopting it, the opinions of the people of the
United States. It is a declaration simply «s to
what our policy is to be respecting events which
touch our inteiest very nearly. 1 take it that it
is not a subject which anybody desires here to
discuss; and I suspect that if there be a dissent
in this House itis about the only dissent that can
be found in the United States on this subject.
The joint resolution was read a firstand second
time.
Mr. COX. Mr. Speaker, I yield my concur-
rence to that resolution reported from the commit-
tee of which 1 am a member, although I should
prefer—as the members on this side of the House
would unanimously prefer—that it were more
emphatic and decided in its expression as to the
intervention of France on this continent. * It is a
little late in the day for the national Legislature to
pass such a resolution. I am aware that not only
the present Administration but the preceding Ad-
ministration have not been as vigilant as they
should have been as to our continental relations,
and the protection of our traditional policy in that
regard. I stood here laboring, in 1860, for the
ratification of the treaty made by Mr. McLane,
m order that the United States might, in time,
foil these very designs of France which have since
.been developed to the disgrace of our Government
and nation and of constitutional liberty on this
continent. While I favor the resolution, I fear
that it will be looked upon as a mere brutmn ful-
men—words, words, words—nothing more. If
we are in earnest, we ought to be ready to back it
up by something physical. I think that is the
way to back up resolutions of all kinds, and, I may
add, proclamations of all kinds.
i believe the resolution ought to be more sig-
nificant and moie emphatic, especially at this
tune, when Maximilian (who, I believe, is culled
the Arch Dupe of Louis Napoleon,) is about
moving to this continent. We ought to be pre-
pared not only to say, but to make it effectual,
that no crown shall he established on this conti-
nent. We should stand up to the old Democratic
doctrine which always cherished a defiance of all
foreign?! dictation, 'Ihat doctrine, as enunciated
by a Democraiio statesman, is this: that the es-
tablishment of a political protectoiate by any one
of the Powers ot Europe over any of the inde-
pendent States of tins continent, or, in other words,
the introduction of a scheme of policy \vb*fh
would carry with it a right to interfere in their
concerns, is a measure to which the United States
have long since avowed their opposition, and
which, should the attempt be made, they will re-
sist by all the means in their power. I bHie\e
that tu-day the people of tins country would back
up an Administration that would give a proper
defiance to this French intermeddling. They
would sustain the doctrine of President Monroe,
which has been since his time always hailed as
the Uue continental policy of this Government.
With these rennuks, thanking tiie gentleman for
having yielded the floor to mc, I conclude what
i have to say.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. 1 am sorry that
my ft icnd from Ohio should have felt compelled
to make an argument against the resolution, es-
pecially as I understand him to say that he in-
tends to support it.
Mr. COX. 1 did not make an argumentagamst
the resolution; I shall vote for it. Only I wish
that it were more emphatic.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I do not know,
Mr^peaker, how it could be more emphatic than
to say that we will not recognize the Government
which European Powers contemplate establishing;
on our southern fiontier. I incline to thinkthat
everybody acquainted with the conductof foreign
aflaits will understand thata Governmentnot rec-
ognized by us, resting on our southern border,
will have a very uncomfortable time and a very
short time to live. Whether it js woith while to
say, in so many words—what we aie not pre-
pared at this moment to do—that we mean, by
force of arms, when the time shall come, and if
this warning be not effective, to prevent the ac-
complishment of any such purpose, gentlemen
may judge for themselves.
When the gentleman from Ohio refers to the
Democratic policy with reference to this conti-
nent, I beg leave very respectfully to remind him
that France and England have more than once
interfered jointly in collisions, in South America,
between different parties, in different republic^
and if there was a protest on the part of the Gov-
ernment of the United States, I do notrecollect it. .
Certainly there was no armed intervention on our
part to exclude their intervention.
We inaugurate another policy than that which
characterized the Democratic party ere power
passed from between their feet.
The Democratic policy in dealing with our re-
publican brethren in South America and in Mexs
ico has been that of the wolf to the lamb. Their
growl was to frighten foreign wolves from tho
prey they marked for their own; they hectored,
bullied, and plundered them without even stretch-
ing out the nand of republican sympathy to ap-
pease their dissensions or consolidate their power.
Mr. COX. I trust my friend from Maryland
will not forget the services of a distinguished citi-
zen of his State, Mr. McLane, who made a treaty
that I know must have received his approbation,
not with a view of annexation, but with a view
of extending our commerce, and with a view of
turning §50,000,000 of silver from Mexico, which
now goes mostly to England, to our own coun-
try, and which treaty was defeated by a union of
New England Senators and secession Senators in
the Senate of the United States. I believe many
of the party of the gentleman from Maryland ap-
proved that treaty which was inaugurated by a
Democratic Administration.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mary land. I suppose the treaty
of Mr. McLane was intended to smooth the way
for the intrusion of the southern interests now in
rebellion against the United States into Mexico.
It afforded southern men the opportunity, after
breaking away from the Union, to fasten them-
selves upon Mexico. The provisions of that
treaty, if I remember rightly, secured such a right
of interference and intermeddling in the affairs of
Mexico as would have been contrary to the policy
of this Government to exercise, unless it was with
the further purpose of reducing Mexico to the con-
dition of a province.
If my friend from Ohio had expressed his re-
gret at the failure of the ratification in the Senate
of the treaty negotiated by Mr. Corwin, granting
pecuniary aid to the Government of Mexico,
which would in all probability have prevented
this European intervention, I should have heart-
ily agreed with him.
Hut, sir, that time has already passed. The
wai* is going on, and we wish, before another
usurper has placed his foot upon Mexican soil,
to let him understand, whether he be of the house
of Austria or of the family which for the present
disposes of the forces of France, both the well-
known enemies of republican government, and
the last now making war to ovciturn the repub-
lican Government of Mexico and establish upon
its ruins a monarchical Government, that that
Government will not be recognized by us.
Our policy is very different from the Demo-
cratic policy. We wish to cultivate friendship
with our republican brethren of Mexico and South
America, to aid in consolidating republican prin-
ciples, to retain popular government in all this
continent from the fangs of monarchical or aris-
tocratic power, and to lead the sisterhood of
American republics in the paths of peace, pros-
perity, and power.
I move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland, demanded the pre-
vious question on *he passage of the jointresolu-
tion.
. Tho previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland, called for the yeas
and nays, on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 109, nays 0; as follows:
V'EAS—Messrs. James C. Allen, William J. Allen, Alley,
Alii&on, Ames, Aneona, Andeison, Arnold, Ashley, Au-
gustus C. Baldwin, John I). Baldwin, Matte1-, Bnaman,
Blaine,Francis F.Blair,Bliss,Blow,Boyd, Brooks, Broom- .
ail, James S. Brown, William G. Broiyn, (Jlianier, Ambrose
W. Clark, Clay, Cobb, Cole, Cox, Cravens, Henry Winter
Davis, Dawson, Denison, Dixon, fJriggs, Eckley, Eden^
Eldndge, Eliot, English, Finek, Fiank, Grtder, Grinnell^
Griswold, Hernck, Higby, Ilolman, Hooper, Hotchklss,
AsaheJ W. Hubbard, J0nckesf Julian, KaJbtfei&chj Francis
