1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
368
bellion. Perhaps it will compensate us in some re-
spect for the treasure and the biood expended 
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is the duty of
the Chair to remind the Senate that the hour has
arrived for the consideration of the special order,
which is the unfinished business of yesterday.
Mr. HENDERSON. 1 have said, Mr. Presi-
dent, all that I desire to say on this subject.
PROPOSED EXPULSION OF MR. DAVIS.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
following resolution, submitted by Mr. Wilson
on the 8th instant:
Whereas tho Hon. Garrett Davis, a Senator from the
State of Kentucky, did, on the 5th day of Jauuaiy, A. D.
1864, introduce into the Senate of the United Statesascues
of resolutions in which, among other things, it is declaied
that "the people North ought to revolt against then war
leaders and take tins great matter into their own hands,"
thereby meaning to incite the people of the United States
to revolt against the President of the United States and
those in authority who support him in the piosecution of
the war to preserve, protect, and defend the Constitution
and the Uniofl^ and to take the prosecution of the war into
their own hands: Therefore,
Be it resolved^ That the said Garrett Davis has, by the
introduction of the resolutions aforesaid, been guilty of ad-
vising tho people of the United States to treasonable, insnr-
rectionary,and rebellious action against the Government of
the United States, and oi a gioss violation of the privileges
of the Senate; foi which causes he is hereby expelled.
The pending question being on the amendment
proposed by Mr. Howard, to strike out the word
"expelled" and to insert the words "censured
by the Senate."
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. President, but two or
three propositions occur to me as pertinent or de-
sirable to be considered upon the question now
before the Senate. On the 5th of January the Sena-
tor from Kentucky, rising in his place and claim-
ing to exercise the privilege of a member of this
body, introduced a series of resolutions that have
attracted subsequent debate. On the 8th of Jan-
uary the Senator from Alassachusetts introduced a
resolution arraigning the Senator from Kentucky,
so to speak, for a breach of the privilege of the
Senate in the introduction of his resolutions and
proposinghisexpulsion. The Senator from Mich-
igan [Mr. Howard] yesterday proposed to mod-
ify the resolution of the Senator from Massachu-
setts by providing for the censure of the Senator
from Kentucky, in lieu of the proposed expulsion.
To this arraignment, so to speak, the Senator
from Kentucky has replied that his resolutions
were well considered, thoughtfully considered;
that they were prepared with deliberation; that he
had thought upon the topics introduced in them;
that he deliberately planned and executed the res-
olutions, and that he stands by them to-day.
This resolution and the whole subject-matter
of it raises in my mind simply a question of priv-
ilege. The only question for us to consider is
whether the Senator from Kentucky, according
to the principles of parliamentary law which gov-
ern all such bodies,and whether within the rules
of this body, was privileged to introduce these res-
olutions.
The honorable Senator from Maryland [Mr.
Johnson] apologizes, if I may use the expression,
for these resolutions. He regrets that they are
here. He holds that they are an impropriety.
He does not agree with the opinions they express,
nor the sentiments they inculcate. He thinks
there are many things in them that arc manifestly
improper; but yet, as I gather las argument, it is
that there has obtained in the American Congress,
and particularly in this Senate, apraotice of doing
precisely such improper things,and that this prac-
tice running back to a time whereof the memory 1
of man runneth not to the contrary has become a I
second privilege in the Senate; anu th<? honorable j
Senator gives us many instances whfch he sup-
poses to be parallel, and which afford, if not a ;
justification, an excuse for these resolutions. He j
nas told us that in the war of 18152 the opposition j
to the management of that war were particularly [
outspoken upon the conduct of the war. The I
, policy of the war was denounced; the measures :
of the war and the measures of the Government j
were denounced in language which he thinks would j
not compare very favorably with that contained |
in these resolutions. Numerous other instances j
of a similar kind are referred to by the honorable 1
Senator as an apology for the impropriety of speech
and language contained in these resolutions. i
Now, sir, it occurs to me that the cases are not '
atall parallel. In the first place, it should be con- j
sidcrcd that nobody questions the right of a Sen- !
ator to characterize theacts of the Government in
legitimate debate. Nobody would arraign the
Senator from Kentucky if, upon a question before
the Senate, lie should characterize the acts of the
Government as he might deem proper. The dis-
tinction which I think is obvious between the case
put by the honorable Senator and the case before
the Senate is that the opposition in 1812, when the
measures of the Administration were before the
Senate and before the Congress, undoubtedly did
characterize them as they might very properly do
without being held responsible elsewheie, in the
language of the Constitution.
Again, the honorable Senator thinks that the
Senator from Kentucky is excusable on the score
of his known patriotism, his long public career,
his purity of life, &c., and this patriotism, he
thinks, has been exhibited before the Senate in an
eminentdegree. He tells you that when a member
was arraigned before the Senate on a charge of
disloyalty, on the question of his expulsion from
this body, among those who were foremost in the
support of that chaige against that Senator, the
Senator fiom Indiana, was the honorable Senator
from Kentucky. I was a little curious after the
adjournment yesterday to look at the aigument
of the honorable Senator from Kentucky on that
occasioff; andl most heartily approve of the opin-
ions and sentiments therein expressed. What
was the ground of the honorable Senator against
the then sitting member from Indiana? He ar-
raigned htm at the bar of the Senate for disloyalty.
In what respect? What was the specification and
charge? It was that that Senator from the begin-
ning of this gieat struggle with the rebels had, in
the first place, shown no sympathy atall with the
Government; and in the second place, from the
beginning of the present Administration and the
efforts of the Government to put down this rebel-
lion, he told the Senate and the country, and he
said truly, that the Senator from Indiana had been
opposed to all the measures of the Administration
calculated and designed to overthrow the rebel-
lion. From these two arguments, illustrated with
gteat learning and very great leseaich out of the
history of the country, he came to the conclusion
that it was his bounden duty to vote tho vote of
expulsion against the Senator from Indiana, be-
cause he was faithless in an hour when the penis of
the country demanded his fidelity; because he had
manifested no sympathy for his Government; and
because, moreover, he had shown a disposition to
oppose his own individual will to measures which
the Government that had charge and direction of
public aftaiis deemed necessary fur the prosecu-
tion of the war. The honorable Senator from
Kentucky m that speech inculcated tho doctrine
that it was not optional with a Senator on tins
floor in times like these to set up his individual
will against the Government who are to judge of
the measures necessary for the prosecution of the
war.
Now, sir, I say that an apology based on such
a support and such an exhibition of patriotism—
and i honor it—is not open to the honorable Sen-
ator; because, tried by his own aigumcnt, tiicd
by the opinions and sentiments of that speech
made against the then sitting member from In-
diana, the honorable Senator could not stand a
moment in this Senate Chamber on th«\se resolu-
tions; for his resolutions from beginning to cud
are a comprehensive and sweeping denunciation
not only of the policy of the Administration in
general, but of all its important measures. He
stands here against his doctrines and against his
sentiments as uttered in that speech when he was
about to give d vote in favor of the expulsion of
that Senator. He stands here now manifesting
towaid the Government of his country not only
the utmost hostility, but denouncing in the most
sweeping and unmeasured terms of abuse that
Government, its policy, and all its measutcs.
Then the honorable Senator from Maryland
thought there was another circumstance which
might be pleaded in extenuation or excuse for
the confessed impropriety of these resolutions.
While listening to the eloquent apology of the
distinguished Senator from Maryland, I had al-
most come to the conclusion that these resolu-
tions, strong as they are, bitter in their tone as
they ceitainly are, and as you will see if you read
them, were after ail but the expression of his ab-
horrence of rebellion and his abhorrence also of
what he undeislands to be the aibiliary usurpa-
tions of power on the part of the Government*
The Senator from Maryland tells us that on this
question there isavarietyof opinion; from which
1 suppose we are to infer that the Senator from
Kentucky is not alone in his opinions as to the
arbitrary acts of the Government and itsimani-
fold usurpations of power.
But, sir, of what does the honorable Senator
from Kentucky complain in bis resolutions? In
substance, his complaints are against the policy
of the Government generally, particularly the
emancipation of the slaves, confiscation, arbi-
trary arrests, and last and most sweeping of all
I believe is the complaint that the Government of
the United States has adopted a policy which in
the end will reduce these States to the condition
of Territories.
Now, if I understand the argument of the Sen-
ator from Maryland on this point, it is that the
honorable Senator from Kentucky may be per-
fectly honest in theexpression of these opinions;
that he may feel what he utters here; that the
country is in danger; and that, in his abhorrence
and his apprehension of this arbitrary exercise of
power, and its effects upon the country, in his
patriotic ardor to serve his country, he utters
these sentiments. Let us see whether this is open
to the honorable Senator. Let us see whether the
record of the Senator will allow him to put in a
plea of this sort. Those who know the robust
nature and character of the intellect of the hon-
orable Senator from Kentucky know very well
that he is the last man in the world who would
put in such a plea as that for himself. But, sir,
on this question of theexereise of arbitrary power
on the part of the Government which has fur-
nished the opportunity, and which justifies the
introduction of these resolutions, let us see how
the honorable Senator from Kentucky himself
stands.
On the 30th December, 1861, the Senator from
Kentucky, then recently in his seat, introduced
a bill, and with the permission of the Chair I will
read a few of its provisions. The first section
provides:
"That from and after the passage of this act the follow-
ing described persons shall he held and taken to be alien
enemies to the ^aid L nited States, for all purposes whatso-
ever, namely: ?i! persons holding any office under, or in the
employment of, or rendering any service, civil or military,
to, or in the name of the pretended government of the so-
called eonfedei.ue States of America, or of any State there-
of, oi of any pretended provisional government of any of
the United States; all persons then belonging to, or v.'lio
may thereafter join, the army or navy, or any military or
naval oigunizutton, hody, oi force of the said confederate
States, or any of them, or of any pietented provisional gov-
ernment of any of the United States ; all persons who may
attach themselves to, or aid in getting up, any military or
naval organization, expedition, torce, or bodybuilder the
authoiity,inthenanu: of. or for the benefit of said confeder-
ate States, or any of them, or any pietended provisional gov-
ernment,of any of the United States; all persons who shall
organize, or attempt to organize, or aid in such organiza-
tion, or in the continuation, or attempt to continue and
cairy on, anj ptetended provisional government of any of
the United States, or lake any offiee or employment under,
or render any service to, or do any act wiiatever for or in
the name of any such pretended pi ovisional government of
any ut the United. States; and all persons who may then or
theieaftcr adhuc to and give aid and eomfoit to the said
southern confederate States, or to any of them, or to any
pretended provisional government of any of the United
States."
The next section is in these words:
u That as the person* described in the previous section of
this act become to be alien enemies, and simultaneously
thciewith all their property and estate, of every kind and
doMmption, including money, evidences of debt, chose® in
action, and eveiy light and interest, legal or equitable, in
possession, revision, or remainder, or in any way in expect-
ancj, shall be forfeiteUto, and bg immediately, without any
legal proceedings whatever, vested in the United States of
America, being^'however, subject to the payment and sat-
isfaction of all" the bona fide existing debts, obligations, and
liabilities to all loyal people of the person or persons to whom
the same have belonged, as would have been the case had
theie been no -nich loiteiture. And simultaneously with
any and every forteitnre under this act taking effect, a lien
chali be created and shall then exist upon all estate and
jnopeity, and every other right so forfeited and vested in
the United States, in lavor or all persons who are loyal to
the Union and the Government ol the United States," Sic.
Mr. Prcsident,can it be said that a Senator who
introduced a proposition so sweeping and com-
prehensive in its provisions as that would be filled
with indignation at the idea that the present Ad*
ministration proposed to confiscate the property
of rebels? Why, sir, in its comprehension and
scope this bill, if carried out to the letter, would
confiscate all the property, including slaves, in
that whole section of country; because when you
come to consider the specification of individuals
