3362
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 29,
sent here could not be admitted. That is the gen-
eral ground on which we have act,ed.
Mr. WADE. If it is in order, I move to post-
pone this and all prior questions, and take up
House bill No. 244. The House of Representatives
at an early period in the session with great delib-
eration and labor had this whole subject under-
consideration, and undertook to provide in this
bill for just such cases as this as they shall arise.
The bill of the House is pending before us now
on this very subject,covering the whole ground,
and it seems to me better that we should take that
up first, which will set a rule by which all these
questions may be finally decided, instead of talc-
ing up each case and arguing the whole question
on each case as it shall arise. Jt would be doing
tlie House of Representatives great injustice for
us not to consider this bill at this session of Con-
gress. It was reported by a v^ry able committee
of that House, who deliberated long upon this
subject. That bill has been referred to a com-
mittee of this body who have had it long under
consideration,and I have been seeking an oppor-
tunity for many days when more pressing ques-
tions should not be pending to bring it up and if
possible settle it here, not only for this case but
for all other cases that may arise of a like char-
acter. I hope the Senate will conclude with me
that it is better that we should postpone this ques-
tion for the present and take up the bill which
covers the whole ground, and if we should agree
with the House of Representatives it will form a
rule deciding not only this question but all others
of a like character.
Mr. TRUMBULL It was precisely because
of the view taken by the Senator from Ohio that
I desired to get action upon the right of these
gentlemen to seats. The Senator fiom Ohio has
charge of a very important bill, as he says, in-
volving the question of the reconstruction of the
States. That is a question which will give rise
doubtless to great debate; a very importantques-
tion, one which Congiess ought to settle. Admit
all this; thegentlemen claiming seats from Aikan-
sashavea right to have the question decided. Itis
the duty of the Senate to decide it. It is a question
of high privilege. The Senator's bill may puss
or may not pass; but whether it passes or not,
this case will have to be decided. This case is
not dependent upon that bill. If the Senate and
House of Representatives should come to the con-
clusion that the State of Arkansas was in the
Union, and had a perfect nghfrtiy its Legislature
to electSenalois, stiil,m the opinion of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, the body which elected
these men was not such a Legislature as could
elect; and your bill does not settle that. We
have avoided these controverted questions; and I
think if tlyj Senator from Ohio will let his bill lie
"we may be able to get a vote on this case. 1 did
not suppose there would be any discussion on it,
and I am not aware now that there will be.
Besides, this question does not interefere with
his bill. It is a very appropriate forerunner to
the bill, it seems to rue. Let us get a vote on
this question, and then take up his bill and decide
that. It is enough for us to decide on these cre-
dentials if the Senate is prepared to act upon
them that the gentlemen claiming to be Senators
are or are not entitled to seats here. The com-
mittee tried to place it on such grounds as would
not provoke discussion in the Senate on contro-
verted points, and I think we have done so; and
I trust the Senator from Ohio will let us take a
vote on the resolution.
Mr. WADE. If I did not think, if indeed I
did not know, that the question raised by the Ju-
diciary Committee in rogaid to the admission of
the gentlemen claiming to be Senators from Ar-
kansas involved all the points contained in this
bill and would call them all out in argument be-
fore the Senate, I should be very willing to let the
resolution be first acted upon; but i have not the
least idea that the question of their admission
here will be settled without as thorough an in-
vestigation of all the points involved m the pas-
sage of this bill as there would be if we consid-
ered the bill itself. I think the only result of
taking up the resolution first will be that we shall
be detained here to hear all the arguments pa each
subject. Every one of them is involved in each case
and properly within the range of legitimate and
fair debate. The question, whatis the character of
a seceded State, what is its relation to the Federal
Government now, does it exist as a State or is it
annihilated by the rebellion? these are questions
that I can already see will be agitated in the de-
bate as to the admission of these Senators. The
question involves every point that is involved in
the bill. It is to save time that I have made the
motion to lay aside the resolution and take up the
bill which 1 believe will settle the whole contro-
versy; it is because I wish to escape as much de-
bate as possible. I leave the matter for the decis-
ion of the Senate. 1 cannot withdraw my motion.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. 1 hope the motion of
the Senator from Ohio will prevail. I am as anx-
ious as any Senator to settle this whole question,
but the passage of the resolution proposed by the
Committee on the Judiciary does not settle any-
thing. I am one of those who believe that the
State government belongs to the loyal people of
a State without reference to their number. The
loyal people of Arkansas have elected a Legisla-
ture and that Legislature has sentSenators here.
There was no doubt in the hearts of those men
that these Senators would be received, and they
had reason to believe thatthey would be received.
Here is a law of the Congress of the United States,
admitting the State of Arkansas and agreeing that
she should have two Senators upon this floor,
standing on the statute-book unrepealed. In that
condition of affairs, the Committee on the Judi-
ciary comes forward with a resolution that the
State of Arkansas is not entitled to two Senators
without repealing the law giving her two Sena-
tors. It settles nothing.
It is enough that we are fighting with people
foi* seceding, without fighting with them for try-
ing to get back into the Union. 1 want to ex-
tend to them the helping hand, believing, as I do,
that the only way the loyal people of any of the
seceded States can successfully fight secession is
by organized State governments. Here is a State
government that has been recognized by the ex-
ecutive depaitment of this Government, and al-
though I have not determined for myself whether
to vote for the admission of these two gentlemen
or not, I am exceedingly desirous that the ques-
tion shall not be settled at this session against the
loyal people of Arkansas.
Let us pass the bill proposed by the House of
Representatives, and which the Senator from
Ohio has moved to take up. That will advertise
the loyal people as to what course they are to
pursue, but let us not dampen theirardor or dis-
courage them by a refusal to admit their two Sen-
ators tegularly elected. If it be true that the
government of a State belongs to the loyal people
of that Slate, here is a legitimate election, with
credentials regular, in the usual form, with the
law upon the statute-book giving the people of
Arkansas two Senators unrepealed,and 1 believe
the Judiciary Committee do not suggest a repeal
of that law. It will not do, in my opinion, as a
politician, to say to the people of this country by
a solemn vote that the State governments of the
seceded States do not belong to the loyal people
of those Slates without reference to their num-
bers.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator, I presume,
is aware that the committee say no such thing.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. There is no other
reason, m my opinion, for the Judiciary Commit-
tee deciding that these Senators are not legally
elected. The reason of the decision is that the
traitors in arms did not join in the election of mem-
bers of the Legislature.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not a word of it.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Those members were
regulai iy elected by the loyal people of the State,
all of them joining in the election.
Mr. TRtlMBULL. I think the Senator cannot
have read a pait of the report. Let me read this
portion of the report to him:
" The number of poisons in Atkansns who voted for Pres-
ident in lStiO was titiv-lout thousand and fitty-thiee, lets
than one fourth of whom, as appears from the statement of
the eliumamsj, took pait in the remgamzation of the State
government. Tins, however, would not be fatal to the re-
$lgamzuiion if ail who were lojal to the Union had an
opportunity to participate, and the State was fieefrom mil-
itary control."
Now, does the Senator pretend that the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary said that traitors must
have an opportunity to vote? We say expressly
it is not fatal to the reorganization of the State
government that a majority did not vote, or that
less than one fourth only voted, if all the loyal
people had an opportunity to vote free from mil-
itary control.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The loyal people
who were in the State of Arkansas at the time
had the opportunity to vote and did vote. Does
the Senator from Illinois mean to say that it was
indispensable for a legal organization that loyal
men of the State of Aikansas who were outside
of the State should have participated? We do
not know that they will ever return. We do
know that the loyal people who were within the
borders of the State of Arkansas had the oppor-
tunity to participate and did participate. And I
say here it will not do to declare that the loyal
people of one of the seceded States, without refer-
ence to numbers, have not the right to take upon
themselves the State government that has been
suspended by the rebellion. There is but one
voice among the loyal men of this country on
that question, and that is, that any number, how-
ever few, of the loyal men of a State, have a right
to take upon themselves the burdens and receive
the benefits of the suspended State government.
These loyal people have done so at the earliest
possible moment; they have assumed the duties
and responsibilities of a State government, they
have elected their Senators under a law upon
your statute-book, and sent them here with reg-
ular credentials. I hope the resolution of the
Senator from Illinois will be superseded by the
bill of the Senator from Ohio, and I say to the
Senator from New Hampshire and the Senator
from New Jersey that the way to settle this great
question is not in parts but as a whole. Let us
grapple with the whole question, take up the bill
passed by the other House and pass it here, and
not wound the loyal hearts of thp gallant men of
Arkansas by rejecting and spurning from our
doors their legally elected Senators.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I hope the motion of the
Senator from Ohio will not prevail. No more
important question can be presented to the con-
sideration of the Senate than is presented by the
report of the Committee on the Judiciary. Enter-
taming the views I do, I want to see it settled now.
I hold, with the great mass of the Democratic party
to which I belong, that Arkansas is a State m
this Union; that South Carolina is a State in this
Union; that their ordinances ofsecession are void,
not only voidable but absolutely void. Every
one of those States which has assumed to seccde,
is de jure a State of this Union, although de facto
they may be out of the Union; and, sir, in the
course of a few brief months a party I hope will
be installed in power which will recognise the
correctness of this principle and will apply them-
selves to the greatest task evercommitted to mor-
tal man, the reconciling of these deferences and
bringing back into willing obedience to the Con-
stitution and the laws of the land the States which
have assumed to go out of the Union.
While I hold to this principle, and while the
party to which I belong holds to it, and while
every honest effort they can make will be made
for the accomplishment of the objects I have in-
dicated, we do not hold to the doctrine that any
State can be represented in this body except by
the free, unbiased choice of its people. These
gentlemen presenttheniselves as Senators, not un-
der the constitution or laws of the State of Ar-
kansas as that State existed before it assumed to
discontinue its relations to the Federal Govern-
ment, but they appear here as the representatives
of a new-made State, new-made not by the voice
of the people of Arkansas, but new-made by the
voice of the man who sits enthroned at the other
end of the avenue; a State made by proclama-
tion!
Sir, what is the attitude in which these gentle-
men present themselves to the Senate of the Uni-
ted States foradmission into this body? Do they
come pretending that by the voice of the people
of Arkansas they are sent here? Do they come
pretending that according to the constitution and
laws of the State of Arkansas, when it assumed
to cease its connection with the Federal Union,
they are here ? No, sir; but they come, agencies
of a presidential proclamation, asking for admis-
sion here.
No more important question can be presented
to the American Senate or to the American peo-
ple than this: is it within the power of a Federal
Executive to make or unmake a State? More
important consequences depend on the proper
