1410
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 4,
Mr. STEVENS. This is the very question
over which we hail such a lot><*> debute the other
day. 1 hope we r>hali adhfro to the decision we
iht.-ti made.
On a division of the committee there were—
ayes 32, noes 40; no quorum voting.
Mr. HOLMAN. I do notdesire to break up the
committee,and I trust gentlemen will consent that
this proposition may go before the House for the
purpose of having a direct vote upon it.
Objection being made,
.Mi*. BLAINE demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Stevrms and
Mr. Holmvn were appointed.
Tim committee divided; and the tellers repoit-
ed—ayes 44, noes 50.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER. I move to amend by striking
out the sixty-thud section, as follows:
Sec. 63. Aud be it fuithcr cnacted, That the I ank of
< 'oinmcicr, in the citv of New Yoi k, iuu\, ami auihui sty
is hereby granted to iho said bank Id, become a natto'ia!
association nudct tins act; and m such (mm' the aifieles«
of association aii.l the ot «anizutiou eeitificate jcqimcd by
Ihisuccinav be t \t-< uteu by • . majonty oftlm diu-etoi-ot
uaid b ink. And a ma jot ity of the director, atici e\c( utmi*
said aitielcji of nssoei.djon, and niganiziitmn certificate,
shall have powet to .'.ii oilier paper•> and doulnt
ever may bo ■equ.o d to make > t-- os j ttn t' m.m p.-i met and
complete a> a national a--oi '.itm-«; and n:< (tis< ctoi - rubie-
<nid may be tin dm ct<u^ m iis*  .i^ocjanoti unlit fib-': s aie
elected oi appomud, iii ao« oula-u c \\ ah the pi«>viaon . oi
iK pie-sent aniens of a^Nocisiuon a-* a State b.ink ; ami the
petsonai halii'ity «>i the .-hatehohie'n toi an) contiact, u'-bt,
or engagement oi tin:^ocsat ion - hall be the -.urn- a> undo
Its present at ileitis oi a-&oei itlon as a State bank. And
when the Compuolici '-ball gi\e to Mich ris-neiauoii acei-
tilicatc, nudci las band and official seal, that the pi o visions
of ibis act lut *• been i onipin d w ah, and teal it i-. aulhoi-
izcd I') conenenre the btwnchs o! banking um!i r n. the
said association ^hail have the sain-' pou < i - ,uul oi i vib-^i s,
and .shall be subject to ihe sann- duties, ie;-pon ibdmes,
ami nde*, m ail :e-.p< e;-, cjw ept a- aloivsaid. a-- is pie
^ctdfd in lilts act bn oihei as-ueiatmns oi^amzed under
it, and -hall be h< Id and ie ;mied a? an a<.,oi latum under
llu-i act.
And insetting in lieu thtieofthe following:
Sfc.e.03. J]ml be it futility ai.xrtcly That pci-ous hold
ing ^t^)ck as executors, .idtmni-tiatoi-. jjn.udi.uw, and t: us-
shall not lie pewonaii) subject to an\ habiitU's a^
t.foekiioldrr-4; bin the .it>.« and inud-. in then haiid-sliall
tx' liable in like mauiu-i and i/  [lie^ann1 <-\tr;>t. a> ji>«- tes
tatoi, miesiaie, watci, oi |,cim)„ nneiesh-d in «,u«-h tiu>t
. lumU would ix: ii the\ \\eie is\i lv living and com
' peient to art and lu-ld tin stock in Uieh own name.
Ah. NEL«UN. i move too mend the amend-
ment i>y .substituting ttn'relor tiic following:
%'htilhi' 11 fuithcr enadc.l, 'j'iiat tlu* en cu la tint? nii!cj now
or horiMfter i-siied by banlcin^ a-^oenitions oij,'aii'/< d by
or muiri ibe laws oi ,my ot the States, tin icd"mpinin nl
which H cuted ,soiel\ by a p|edy<- oi the ui tin
United State., :«nd ti  the same extent as tin , nrula'nu;
notes lhswd by tho banking a^-ociatioiH oi^ani/<-d imdei
tin1 provisions of tins at t, -hall be ircoivaide !•>! ta\e-, and
all Government due-. ■ < [>t tlmie^ on nnpui ts and inti.-ii a
on the public debt; and th" allan.s of such State banks
Khali he subject to the inspeetion and examination ot the
Gomptioili i ot the Cui renc>.
The proposition which I have offered as a sub-
stitute is highly impoitant—to the Slate of New
"York, at ail events. That State has a banking
system which they consider perfect. Many of
the provisions of the act now before the House,
I notice, are copied almost woid for won! fiom
the genera! hanking law of the Suite of New Yoi k.
lhe adoption of the amendment I have proposed
can in nowise injure the Government. It will
make a sale for the slocks of the United States;
and it merely places the State banks, which are
secured solely by stocks of the United States,
upon the same looting as the banks organized tin-
der the provisions ol t his act. Under the amend-
ment 1 propose, if they have one dollar of the
stock of any State of the Union, their bills can-
not circulate the same as those issued by the bank-
ing association established under the provisions
ot this act, _ Lruler the amendment 1 have pro-
posed their issues must be Secured by the stocks
of the United States to the same extent as are
those of banking associations oi^amzed under
this act; and oi addition to tlmt it is provided that
these State banks shall be subject to the inspec-
tion arid examination of the Comptroller of the
Ounvney.
bdo j?mio other thin« . It allows the F>r no
hank's ejfhcr to rem?<in as they are, for instance
in th'' S'ate of  w Yoik—-institutions m which
the |h of th i'. State ha\e unlimited confidence
• -or allows tli.. m toconm uuderlhe piovistons uf
this act. Mow? 13y virtue of the banking law
of New Yoik file banks must have to a certain
extent a certain nnKJUW of Sf->?e sioek as the
foundation of their institutions; and if they cut
loose from the law of the State and secure wholly
by United States stocks, then they come under
the provisions of theact. Jn my judgment, it will
do no damage to the Government. It will make
all these banks interested in Government stocks;
it will make them the basis of their banking cap-
ital if they see fit; and it will leave intact and un-
damaged, at all events to that extent,the moneyed
institutions of the State in which the people of the
State have confidence.
Mr. STEVENS. I will merely read from the
statement of the circulation of the banks of New
York to siiow how this amendment will operate:
" Bellinger Bank—capital, $10,000; circulation,
$72,1)00." That is all 1 have to say.
Mr. KALBFLEISCH. I could not hoar what
the gentleman from Pennsylvania read. I would
like to have K read by the Clerk.
Air. STEVENS, f merely stated the amount
of capital and cliculation of one of the banks of
New Yoik. The one was $10,000and the other
^72.000.
Mr. KERN AN. Oh f you must be mistaken.
Mr. STEVENS. That is the return.
Mr. KALBELEISCI-I. Mr. Chairman 
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in oider.
Mr. K ALBELEISC1I. I tun not undertaking
to debate, i only want to know what the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania said. I desire that the
ehaii man of the Committee of Ways and Means,
when he states facts, shad state them so that they
can lie heard upon this side of the House.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is not in
order.
Mi. KALBFLE1SCH. It seems that I cannot
be in oider.
The C Li AIRMAN. The gentleman is not in
order. Debate isexhausted on the pendingamend-
ment.
Mr. 1U1001\S. I iisc to a question of order.
My colleague is not debating, he in only making
an mquii y as to what was said by the gentleman
fiom Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens.] The gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania consumed but two min-
utes of his live minutes. He lias three minutes
left in winch he can let my colleague make his
inquiry.
The CHAIRM AN. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania concluded his iMnarks and reaumedhis
W Mr. KALRKLEISCH. He spoke in such an
inaudible niannei that I could not hear him.
The CHAIRMAN. The Cluur overrules the
point of oider.
Mi. COX. I hope we .shall not hurry this de-
bate.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has no power
but to enfoice the rules.
Air. KAXjBFIjEISCH. The Chan exuiciseaa
good deal of power, then, if he has not any.
Mr. KERN AN. 1 ask the consentof the com-
mittee to make a statement.
Mr. WILSON. The committee cannot give
such consent.
The CHAlPcMAN. Does thegentieman from
Iowa object?
Mr. \VlLSON. No, sir; 1 only suggest to the
Ciuur whether such consent can be given by the
committee after the House has directed the debate
to be closed.
The CHAIRMAN. If there is no objection
the gentleman ft om New Yoik will proceed. The
Chair hears no objection.
Mr. KERNAN. I simply desire to state, m
reference to the banking system of New York,
that the gentleman from Pennsylvania must be
mistaken in saying that a bank in the State of
New Yoi k issues moie bills than it has deposited
stock for. We icquire by law that each bank
shall have all their cneulating bills countersigned
by a State officer, and it is lecjuired to deposit
with our bank sunetmtendent dollar tor dollar,
lot the bills which it issues, in United States oi
State stock's, or in bonds and mortgages, and ten
per cent, besides. I know nothing about the Bel-
iioger bank, but I know that it cannot be that it
lux issued more bills than it has put up the le-
qniied security for.
Mr. vSTKVEiXS. As F was not heard upon the
other Mide of the Mouse, I will only say that I
spoke (if the capital and eiiculation of ceitain
banks in the S;ate of iNVw York. The capital
stock of the Bellinger bank, as U is returned to us
from the Department, is #10,000, and the ciH ala-
tion $72,000. The capital of the Sutfolk County
bank is $20,000, and the circulation $82,000. U
may be that what the gentleman from New Yoik
[Mr. Kernan] says is correct; but I only read
from the official statement.
Mr. BROOKS. If the gentleman will permit
me, I can give him a better statement than that.
There was no objection.
Mr. BROOKS. I hold in my hand the official
statement of one of the national banks of New
York—its third quarterly report. The capital
stock is 1^300,000. The Secretary of the Treasury
has deposited therein $1,431,791, which pays no
interest. The loans and discounts of the bank
amount to $518,516. A considerable portion of
this is a temporary loan to tho. Government, on
which Uncle Sam pays the bank five per cent.—
the loan being out of the Government's own de-
posits. In other words, the Treasuiy Depart-
ment deposits $1,431,791 in a bank which has only
$300,000 capital. Now, if the statement of the
Bellinger bank is true, this national bank beats it
all hollow.
Mr. KALBFLEISCH. I know a little of the
banks that are organized under the law of the State
of New York. The very first step of a bank, be-
fore it circulates any notes, is to deposit either
bonds of the State or bonds of the United States,
and it cannot commence business unless the cap-
ital is paid in. As to the Bellinger bank*, I never
heard of it before. We have to get the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevems] to tell us
where it is located. I never heaid of such an in-
stitution in the State of New York. The law of
the State requires the capital to be used iu the
purchase of bonds of the State of New York and
of the United States, and these are to be depos-
ited before there is any circulation of notes, i
deny here, and challenge contradiction, that there
is any bank in the State of New Yoik which lias
a greater circulation than the aitiountof its capital.
The question was taken on Air. Nelsox's
amendmentto theamen(iment,and it was rejected.
The question recurred on Mr. Hooper's amend-
ment.
Mr. COX. I am in favor of striking out that
section, though 1 am not in favor of inserting
what the gentleman from Massachusetts pi opuses.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted on
the pending motion.
Mr. COX. There has been no debate on the
amendment proposed by the gentleman from
Massachusetts; the debate was on the amend-
ment to the amendment offered by the gentleman
fiom Nesv York.
The CHA&RMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that debate is exhausted on the amendment offered
by the gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. COX. I move to amend the amendment
by striking out the last word. The amendment
of the gentleman from Massachusetts is to strike
out the sixty-third section, which gives certain
privileges to the already privileged corporation of
the Bank of Commerce. I am in favor of strik-
ing that out; but for the same reason I am in favor
of striking out the amendment proposed by the
gentleman from Massachusetts on Saturday, to
winch my friend from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ran-
dall] addressed himself. My reason for it is
this: this Bank of Commerce, whether it comes
to nomine or under the general clause such as
oiTeicd by the gentleman from Massachusetts on
Saturday, has certain special privileges in its ar-
ticles of association which will give it a favor
under tins national banking law to which it is not
entitled. If it gets that advantage, other banks
should also have the same privilege.
I make these remarks, Mr. Chairman, not be-
cause I have any hope of defeating the pioposi-
tion adopted on Saturday, but for the purpose of
calling the attention of the committee to the spe-
cial privileges to be given to this Bank of Com-
merce. 1 believe the gentleman from Massachu-
setts will not say that theobjectof this movement
is to have any other effect than in regard to this
Bank of Commerce. What is this bank? My
h-ietid from Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall] could
not in his five minutes explain it fully. J will
send to the Cleik's desk and a sk to have, read
a memorandum explaining what this Bank of
Commerce is and what its articles are. When
this proposition comes to be voted on in the House
I will ask to have the vote taken by yens and
