1412
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 4,
adoption of the monstrous principle that down in
tHe Stale where I live, if 1 deposit my money in
one of these national banks, I may hold the stock-
holders responsible for it; but if, unfortunately,
I happen to have money on deposit m a national
bank in the State of New York, there is no re-
sponsibility on the part of the stockholders to se-
cure my deposit. The billholders of that bank
are securcd by the responsibility of the stock-
holders, but there is no responsibility for the de-
positors there, while in my State they are respons-
ible. That, sir, is uniformity with a vengeance.
A man has to become acquainted with all the
State laws on the subject before he knows whether
lie can safely deposit his money in a national
bank. There is no uniformity in the bill; all ap-
parent uniformity is wiped out by the section in
regard to the Bank of Commerce of New York,
and all other brnks which are similarly situated,
and by the other section to which I have referred.
Then, sir, the Committee of Ways and Moans
having given way in these particulars, I hope
will also accede to the prineiple that each State
may regulate its own rate of interest. And upon
that point I will state, though i do not often vote
against the bills reported by the Committee of
Ways and Means, yet in this particular instance,
unless this to me insuperable objection be re-
moved, I urn ready to unite with any and all to
defeat the bill.
What reason is there why this amendment
should not be adopted? These gentlemen say
the uniformity of the hill must be maintained.
The rule used to be that in essentials tbfeie should
be unity, in non-essentials liberality. But, sir,
they have destroyed the uniformity of the cur-
rency by requiring the bills of these banks to be
redeemed wherever they may be located, from
Maine to California; and that of itself, in tny
judgment, ou^ht to be sufficient to defeat the bill.
Mr. WILSON. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding, " provided that the rate estab-
lished shall not exceed seven per cent."
Upon the amendment to the amendment 41 voted
in the affirmative and 55 in the negative.
Mr. WILSON called for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
Upon the amendment of Mr. Blaine 61 voted
in the affirmative and 27 in the negative; no quo-
rum voting.
The CHAIRMAN ordered tellers; and ap-
pointed Mt. Blaine and Mi. Hooper.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
poi ted—ayes 69, noes 31.
So the amendment was adopted.
Mr. VAN VALfvEXBURG11. I submit the
following as an additional s< en<
Jliul he it jiiithrj riiuifri', 'fh.lt In this* act shall
be so construed .w to pie\<>nt to- \ .anon bv the Sutes of
tin* capital stock ot the barik> .mz^d under this act the
t-atist- m the prop* lty of ot1" r mum-ved colorations tor
Statu ami municipal purpo--
I simply desire to v.iy that I have heard no rea-
son ofteied why f!ie capital invested in these
banks should not be taxed the same as any other
property. I iheiefore submittheamendment,and
hope it will be adopted.
Mr. UOLMAN. Mr, Chairman, the only ob-
jection that ran possibly he n g« <1 against the
Disposition of-the gentleman f<om New York is
that it does not hccio to exemi^ irom taxation the
bonds of the United State-., !,hu>h arc: made the
basis ot this system of ha ik'.ig; the laws under
which those bonds were ^rcied having, as is as-
sumed by gentlemen, exempted them from taxa-
tion; and if this is true, or' course the good faith
of the nation must he piescrved. But so far as
the general principle -1" taxation is concerned,
this amendment is t-^ht. Mere is a system of
banking pioposing a v.irculntiou of $300,000,1)00,
with a capital of £900,000,000, subject to no Slate
taxation whatever; a sum double the wealth of
the great State I in part represent upon this floor
is to be withdrawn from State taxation, county
taxation, township taxation, and all species of
municipal taxation—$900,000,000 of favored cap-
ital, the earning or rather the spoils of contract-
ors and speculators made out of this war, is to
be relieved from trie burden* of Government—
$900,000,000 <ratheied together by etock-jobbcrs
and brokeis and favorite political managers fire to
be relieved from taxation, except only such as
Congress may impose. Every other dollar of the
national wealth must bear not only the tax you
impose, but the tax which the necessity of the
State may impose for State purposes, county pur-
poses, municipal^urposes, but this §900,000,000
sha41 be the object of your peculiar solicitude
and care, it does not do for the gentleman to say
that taxation from the national Government will be
sufficient, that Congress will impose a tax suffi-
ciently high to equalize this bank capital with
other property. Why, sir, you may say the
same thing of all property upon which you im-
pose a tax. Congress may determine only what
the national tax should be, but each State must
also determine what taxes her exigencies require.
The truth is, this pet system of banking, got-
ten up for the benefit of capital, is intended to be
exempted from national burdens. The handful
of favorite citizens who will own this enormous
wealtii are intended to be protected from taxa-
tion. The power and wealth thus created and
protected at the very outset must become a fear-
ful agent of abso!utecentra!ism,a power stronger
than the Government, a protector of wealth, an
oppressor of labor, a monster dangerous to pub-
he liberty. Why should this enormous amount
of capital be relieved from the burdens which will
be imposed upon the people? Is capital entitled
to such peculiar favor? Is labor only to feel the
giinding tax resulting from the war? Are all
your favors and sympathies reserved for capital,
for banks? The States have incurred debts as
meritorious and as oppressive as a consequence
of this as those incurred by the Federal Govern-
ment. The same subjects that you tax for na-
tional purposes should be liable with all other
property to taxation for State purposes. The
seven al States must meet theii engagements, some-
body must meet the burdens, and yet you will
give millions and millions of capital m the seve-
ral States extraordinary advantages, enormous
sources of piofit,nn interest withheld from your
citizens, an interest on your bonds payable in
gold, an interest on their circulation,and yet you
will not permit the States to tax them, and to re-
lieve them fiom taxation you thus oppress labor
for the benefit of capital. You will tax labor un-
til you com its very agony into money, and yet
will relieve banks trom taxation. You centiahze
capital lor its own benefit, and exempt it fiom just
burdens. One of the most fearful consequences
of the war will be this system of banks, by which
the politics, the wealth, and the labor of the
count) y will bo controlled for all time to come.
It will control Congress. It will defy you to tax
it in the future.
1 trust that the House will not render any con-
sent to this proposal to < uiptlhese banks from
taxation. If there be <<- <y u minority in favor of
an honest system off \a'ion, and opposed to the
exemption of inon ; ohes and the oppression of
labtu, 1 trust it w.o never consent to the passage
ofsuch a billco .annug any such anti-republican
and despotic le.uures. I would resort to parlia-
mentary mc.uis for delay until doomsday before
I would consent to its passage.
_ i submit as a substitute for the pending propo-
sition the following, to avoid the question of the
taxation of the bonds:
That it shall be lawful for m.'1 Legislature of any State
to iaipu.se mi ihf dividend- >. .ich sn.ty from nine to lime he
declared on ih^ stork ot . asocial son organized m such
Sure, and on aU or th u. ets and propfity of <uch asso-
ciation, (except the i>oi,Ws issued hy the United tfiate.s ox-
pie-,-ly exempt tio-.i < ocanon.) the fca<ne t.ix that may be
iinpo&ed by law < .< .>iwi property of sueh State,
Mr. PRUYN. Mr. Chairman, 1 do not pro-
pose to discuss the question of State sovereignty,
because i hope that this House will do nothing to
biing up that question; but I wish to correct the
mistake into which the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Holman] has fallen in reference to the char-
acter ot the proposed amendment, not the one ot-
tered by him, but the one upon which he made
his remarks. We do not propose to tax the cap-
ital of these institutions in any other way than as
capital acting under the franchise granted by the
Government. They do with their ca-pital'just
what they please. These institutions invest it in
such way as is most profitable, in buying gold,
m bills of exchange, m discounting notes, m Gov-
ernment stocks, or in any other way they ciioose,
but the tax which may be imposed upon them is
a tax upon the franchise which we have a right
to tax in any way we please. Certain functions
are to be conferred upon them by organization
under this act, and if theychoose to give up their
individual character and organize under this act
and become possessed of certain franchises, we
then tax them or permit the States to tax them;
that is, the sanie as other corporations.
The court of appeals of New York decided last
year-that legal-tender notes were constitutional;
and it has also decided that the act of the Legis-
lature of New York for taxing the banks in that
State did not exempt from taxation such portion
of their funds as they chose to invest in Govern-
ment securities. And the intention of that pro-
vision was to place the banks of New York upon
the same footing upon which it is now proposed
to place national banks under the amendment of-
fered by the gentleman from New York [Mr. Van
Valkenburgh.] I hope, therefore, the gentleman
from Indiana will see that the question of good
faith is not at all involved in that amendment, and
that his own amendment is really unnecessary.
Mr. HOLMAN withdrew his amendment to
the amendment.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I move to strike
out the last word of the amendment. If the amend-
ment of the gentleman from New York be not
adopted it will be conceded,! presume, by every-
body in the House that the States can impose no
tax upon any portion of the capital of the banks
organized under this act. That is decided under
the old Bank of the United States case. The pur-
pose of the amendment is to withdraw these banks
from the shield of that decision, and to subject
them to the unlimited discretion of State taxation.
If that be so, we might as well allow the bill to
remain where it is without taking any further vote
upon it. The right of taxation in the States places
the existence of these corporations at the mercy
of the States. We are going, therefore, through
the preposterous process ivt attempting to estab-
lish a system of unifo'-m national banking for the
purpose of havin;r uniform national currency,
and in the seine • kw giving each State the right
of negativing Ku existence of that system.
Now, if the majority of the committee desire
to defeat the bill they will adopt this amendment.
If a majority of the House determine that the
system shall at all go into operation, they will
logically, in accordance with that purpose, vote
down the amendment. There is no limitation
imposed, and there can be none imposed, upon
the discretion of State taxation if you allow them
to exercise it; and the amendment in the form in
which it is now proposed leafves the States to tax
the banks one hundred percent, upon their capi-
tal or upon their dividends. It is, therefore, a
question whether these institutions shall or shall
not exist.
Mr. KERNAN. I do not understand the effect
of the proposed amendmentas it is understood by
the gentleman from Maryland. I'would be op-
posed to subjecting these institutions, or any class
of individuals or corporations, to a discriminating
tax against them. As 1 understand the amend-
ment, the property of these corporations is to be
liable to State and municipal f.ix.uion the same
as other personal property ox.-sung at the place
where they are located. Th- iviore the State laws
will operate upon the cap';:-,; of these banks pre-
cisely as they do upon th ■ personal property of
individuals or any othe* •  rporation at the place
where they are locau That will protect them
from any unfan tax*, . >n which would detriment-
ally or destructive'/ affect them. And that has
been the struggle all through this discussion, as
I undeistand, by those who are opposed to having
the capital of these banks withdrawn from that
taxation. They insist that the whole capital of
these banks shall be liable to State and municipal
taxation the same as any other personal property
located at the place where banks are located, and
it seems to me there is reason and justice in it.
One of these banks is located in a ceitam city and
State, for instance, and a tax has been levied for
defraying the expenses of the city government—
the lighting of the streets, sustaining the courts,
&c. Now, is it right for the banking capital to
have all the benefits of the municipal government
and be excepted from all burdens? Nay, should
they be exempt and the burdens all thrown upon
other property in that locality? The object of
the amendment is to provide that they shall be
taxed the same as other property is taxed.
Under the amendment the States cannot do
what the gentleman from Maryland, if I under-
stand the amendment, seemed to fear they might?
