1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
postpone the consideration of the bill until the
next session of Congress.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Hale] is upon the floor.
Mr. XIALE. I wish to state, for the inform-
ation of the House, that this bill is to indemnify
Mr. Armes for the destruction of his property by
the United States troops, in Fairfax county, Vir-
ginia, during the present rebellion-. The amount
reported by the committee is much less than the
loss he sustained, as proven by his witnesses,
but the committee, in view of the ex parte charac-
ter of the testimony necessarily received on the
question of the value of the property destroyed,
agreed to allow him a very low value for the prop-
erty which was admitted to have been destroyed
by the military authority in command of that de-
partment. It consisted of a large and valuable
stone structure e,rected for a seminary, and cost
$20,000. It was used by the rebels as a sort of
fort or lookout, and when our troops took posses-
sion, that stronghold of the enemy was turned
by order of the military officer in command.
Mr. Armes is proved to have given valuable
information to our generals, and his loyalty, was
indorsed by the general commanding in that de-
partment. And indeed his wife suffered so much
on account of her loyalty, that disease fastened
upon her by which she lost her life. Everything
the man had in the world was invested in that
property. He is a poor man, and entirely desti-
tute of the means of support, as all his property
has been taken and destroyed by our Govern-
ment. Itdoes seem to me that if ever there was a
claim for indemnity which appealed to the justice
as well as to the humanity of Congress, it is a
claim of this character.
Mr. SLOAN. I desire to inquire of the gen-
tleman whether this claim has been presented to
the Court of Claims ?
Mr. HALE. It has not.
Mr. SLOAN. I am informed that this claim
was presented to the Court of Claims, and that
while it was pending in that court this applica-
tion for relief was made to Congress.
Mr. HALE. I am not aware of that fact.
Mr. SLOAN. I suppose the Court of Claims
has jurisdiction of claims of this kind, arid if that
be true, why not refer it to that tribunal?
Mr. HALE. I do not answer the gentleman
one way or the other, because I do notknowthat
the fact he states is true.
Mr. WEBSTER. I am convinced that it is
not the fact.
Mr. HALE. Whether true or not, this House
has jurisdiction.
With this statement of facts, as I do not wish
to take up the time of the House or to make any
further statement, as there is no dispute aboi*t the
facts, I move the previous question on the pas-
sage of the bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
gentleman will not demand the previous question
on a claim which I undertake to say involves more
than any other private claim before Congress.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order dur-
ing the demand for the previous question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of-Illinois. I ask the
gentleman to withdraw the demand. I notified
the gentleman long ago that I desired to speak
upon this bill.
Mr. HALE. How much time does the gen-
tleman want?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Only a few
moments. I only wish to speak now to the ques-
tion of postponement, and to state briefly the
considerations in support of it. The gentleman
ought not to object to that.
Mr. HALE. Will the gentleman renew the
demand for the previous question?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will yield
the floor to the gentleman to renew it.
Mr. Speaker, the amount which is provided to
be paid under this bill is not in itself of any great
importance when we consider the millions, tens
of millions, and hundreds of millions weare daily
voting. It only amounts to j>9,500. But I un-
dertake to say that by the passage of this bill we
shall establish a precedent which will take from
the Treasury $500,000,000. It is no more nor less
than the establishment of the principle that the
Government is bound to pay for all the casual-
ties of war, to pay every citizen who may have
lost property through the casualties and misfor-
tunes of war, and indemnify him for losses which
have occtrrred in the prosecution of the present
contest. Hence it is one of the most important
measures that we can be called upon to consider.
I understood the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Holman,] who reported the bill, to say that while
he had very great doubts in regard to the princi-
ple, he was willing to report it in order that the
House might pass upon the question involved.
That gentleman, I believe, considered that it in-
volvedone of the most important principles upon
which we could be called to act.
Now, sir, I propose to postpone this bill until
the next session of Congress, for two reasons.
The first is, that the House may have time to con-
sider fully all the importantquestions which bear
upon the case; and second, that we may under-
stand the position which the case holds in the
Court of Claims. I am advised, by authority
which I consider good, that this very case is now
pending in the Court of Claims, and is there for
its decision.
The bill provides, as I have said, for the pay-
ment to Mr. Armes of the sum of $9,500 in full for
damages sustained by him in consequence of the
burning of his building and the destruction of his
property in the progress of the war.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania has referred
to the personal status and sufferings of Mr. Armes,
and in all cases of this class the character and the
situation and the hardships of the individual are
brought in, in order to enlist the sympathies of
the House and get the claim through.
Now, I am willing to concede all that the gen-
tleman says in favor of Mr. Armes. 1 believe
he is a loyal citizen. I am willing to concede that
he gave valuable information to the Government,
and if it was possible I would vote to pay him
for all the valuable information he gave to the
Government. But such concessions do not touch
the real merits of this question atall. I will con-
cede that he has lost property, but I will notcon-
cede that he is such a loser of pi operty as, accord-
ing to national law, entitles him to be indemnified
by the Congress of the United States.
This question, sir, has been fully settled over
and over again. It was settled over and over
again after the last war with Great Britain. I be-
lieve it is a part of history that the city of Buffalo
was burned by the enemy, and vast amounts of
property destroyed for which indemnity was
claimed as in this case. That city had claims to
the amount of millions of dollars, claims resem-
bling that of Mr. Armes now before us, and the
question of the election of a member of Congress
in that district turned for years, as I am told, upon
that question; but 1 believe that Congress con-
stantlyand persistently refused to pay the claims.
Why? Because it was against national law. No
Government upon the face of the earth has ever
undertaken to pay claims of this kind, for the very
reason that no Government ever could pay such
claims. Those casualties and damages which
happen to the citizen during a war are like casu-
alties by fire and flood and earthquake. A man
may suffer by having his property destroyed by
fire or tornado or lightning, but does that, while
it excites our sympathies, give him the light to
demand of Congress tbat we shall tax all of our
constituents to indemnify him for his misfortune?
No, sir. No such principle exists or ever has
existed, for no nation could ever stand up under
it, and for one I protest against its establishment
in this case, entailing untold millions more of
public debt on the country.
Sir, I have a case in point in the Black Hawk
war. The portion of the country which I repre-
sent was ravaged and devastated in that war,
thirty years ago. Houses were destroyed by the
enemy, fields ravaged, fences torn down, crops
ruined, and great damage done to the people by
the prevalence of Indian war. Congress was ap-
plied to for general relief, but it never gave it.
The first session that I served in Congress 1 pre-
sented a petition asking for an indemnity very
much like that asked here for Mr. Armes. The
petition was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs. That committee considered itfully,and
made a unanimous report adversely to the claim,
settling the principle which, I say, should govern
us in this case, and in all cases of a like character.
I beg the attention of the House to the report
made by Mr. Orr, who was at that time chairman
of the Committee on Indian Affairs, and who,
though now a traitor in arms against our Govern-
ment, is a man of great ability, and .who fully
mastered all questions he undertook" to consider-
1 read from his report,.which I have before m,%K~
" The claims, for the payment of which a genera! Jaw" is
now asked to be passed^have been, in agreat measure, spe-
cifically brought before Congress and rbjcctefl. 1A11 adverse
report on these claims was submitted at the first see^latoof
the Twenty-Fourth Congress, which was' sQst&ined by the
House, thereby rejecting the claims now sought to te re-
vived and discharged. The' committee havebfeen furnished
by the Indian Bureau with abstracts of a great number of
these claims. The abstracts are predicated upon the report
of a commission organized under the direction of General
Atkinson, in January, 1833. The commissioners, Captain
Palmer and William Hempstead, Esq., were charged with
the duty of ' collecting, adjusting, and examining all out-
standing claims arising from the movements.of the militia
and friendly Indians called inu> service' during .the-spring
and sutnmer of 1832. All the claims on file in the .Indian
Bureau, (and your committee are satisfied that they'em-
brace all contemplated in the resolution which is the Occa-
sion of this investigation,) though presented to and re-
ceived by the commissioners^were not within tile limits
of their instructions, and were consequently disallowed.
This'decision of the commissioners, which was approved
by the Indian Bureau, it is not pretended violated any right
of the claimants under existing laws or the uniform prac-
tice of the Government. Should Congress now interpose
a remedy, and pay that class of claims to which the reso-
lution refers? Yo«r committee think not. The depreda-
tors, the Sac and Fox lndians,weieat war with the United
States. Soon attifr the commencement of hostilities the
inhabitants on the Indian frontier abandoned their homes,
crops, and property, and sought safety by retreating into the
denser white settlements. It is alleged by some of the
claimants that their absence from home, occasioned by ap-
prehensions .of danger from the Indians, prevented thein
harvesting their growing crops; some ask reparation be-
cause they were prevented,' from the same Canse,'tilling
their crops; and others found their claims upon the seizure
and appropriation of their personal property by the hostile
savage®. Is there anything peculiar in this state of the facts
which should authorise and require the Goveriunent'to pay
for these real and speculative losses? The rule wtnell has
been uniformly pursued by this Government toward its
citizens is to pay only sucli losses as were occasioned by
ttie action or authority of its own officers. For example,
if the buildings of a citizen are occupicd by ti oops, and are
destroyed by the enemy on account of such occupancy, the
Government will indemnify; but for casualties arising m
the progress of the war from the action of the enemy, or the
citizen himself, to hi? property, no indemnity has been
made, whether the enemy was white or red; and it would
be, in the judgment of your committee, highly inexpedient
to change the rule. War is calamitous to.the Government
as well as to the citizen, and if the former should attempt,
in addition to the suppoi t of armies' and navies, to indem-
nify the citizen for every personal loss, positive and me-
diate, it would entail a most burdensome public debt, to be
only dischaiged eventually in national bankruptcy. Every
citizen encounters a share of the sacrifice of a national
war, and it would not be just to tax all to relieve from that
sacrifice a few whose losses may be susceptible of ascer-
tainment, when the great mass have been equal sufferers,
remotely, if not directly.
" Your committee, Ueing satisfied that any legislation
upon the subject is inexpedient, ask to be discharged from
the further consideration of said resolution."
Mr. NELSON. Under the authority of that
opinion, is not the claimant in this case entitled
to recover?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not so
understand the case.
Mr NELSON. Is not the meaning of that re-
port this: that where property is destroyed by the
enemy in war, there the Government does not pay;
but where the property is destroyed by officers of
our own Government in prosecuting the war, on
our part, there the Government does pay. Is not
that the authority of the case cited?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. There is
nothing in the record which shows such a state
of fact as the gentleman alludes to.
Mr. WEBSTER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois is mistaken.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. After slating
that the Government would not pay for casual-
ties arising in the prosecution of a war, the report
says—with great'truth, and one which should be
impressed upon us—
" War is calamitous to the Government as wHl as to tho
citizen; and if the former should attempt, in addition to the
suppoi t o{ armies and navies, to indemnify the citizen for
every peusoiial loss, positive and mediate, it would entail
a most burdensome public debt, to be only discharged
eventually by national bankruptcy."
That, sir, is the report of the Committee on
Indian Affairs of this House; and it applies, I
contend, to this very question. That report was
adopted unanimously by the House,and became
the law of the House. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Nelson] asks me if the case in ques-
tion does not come within the exception as laid
down by the report. I answer that it does not,
for it is not shown that the property was de-
stroyed by the command of an officer who had
