1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
im
destroy these institutions by taxing them out of
existence. They are only to be liable to the
same burdens that other property there located
is to be subjected to for State and municipal pur-
poses. And there is no trouble about United
States bonds. These banks are to have one third
of their capital in United States bonds. If indi-
viduals holding those bonds are exempt from tax-
ation, the banks will also be exempt, to the same
extent; and the other two thirds will be, as it
seems to mc it should, liable to burdens the same
as personal property held by individuals is liable
for those purposes.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I withdraw the
amendment to the amendment.
The question recurring upon the amendment
offered by Mr. Van Valkenburgii—
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland, said: I move to
amend the amendment by striking out the last line
—merely for the purpose of makinga remark. The
argument of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Kernan,] who has just taken his seat, I think in-
volves this serious error. He says that bank stock
is merely tt) be liable to the same tax as other per-
sonal property. In the first place, sir, that is not
the language of the amendment. In the next place,
all personal property is notsubjected to the same
taxation. There is nothing to prevent a State
from taxinga horse at one rate, a cow at another,
a hog at a third, insurance companies at a fourth,
manufacturing companies at a fifth, State banks
at a sixth, and national banks at a seventh rate.
There is no such thing as a uniform limit of tax-
ation to which this section can refer In some
States there is ageneralpro rata tax on everything
that a man is worth; in some there is an income
tax; in some States there is a tax on lands at one
rate and a tax on personal property at another
rate. There is nothing in this amendment that
limits or confines or defines the rate of taxation
which a "State may impose; and it is almost im-
possible to prescribe a limitation which will be
effectual. It therefore does, as I said, leave the
banks subject to the unrestricted taxation of the
State.
Now, in reference to the question of justice,
what in the world has that to do with it? If itis
a matter of national moment *1 a the Government
of the United States shall ! iv*. a system of na-
tional banks, then it is u question of justice
between money investe1 : them and money in-
vested in other ind ,\>il enterprises. It is a
question between tX sovereign power of the
United States and necessities of the machinery
that it create/3 And the necessities of the States
that desire to tn\' them.
' If State nec: ssity is to domineer over the na-
tional necessities, and that is the generally pre-
vailing Democratic view of the country, tending
always to disorganization and the dissolution of
the Confederacy, then adoptthis amendment. If
the mam thing be to make an effective and pow-
erful national organization which will control and
regulate the currency all over the country, then
let the biil go through without this destructive
amendment.
Mr. M ALLORY. It seems to me that the dif-
ficulty suggested by the gentleman from Mary-
land [Mr. Davis] is met by the amendment of the
gentleman from New York. Such oppressive and
unequal taxation as he intimates cannot be im-
posed. In every State in the Union, although a
cow may be taxed differently from a horse, and
a horse differently from bankstock, yet I contend
that in every State you are compelled to tax all
cows equally and all horses equally and all bank
stock equally.
The amendment of the g^'Jeman from New
York simply provides—ana puvides properly,!
think—that the property ■ " -Kescnational banks
shall be taxed by the Sf: i as the property of other
corporations is taxed. That piovision precludes
the inequality that  : ■ ^iMtleman from Maryland
apprehends wine?: jir. work injury and destruc-
tion to these natif 'l institutions in the States.
Sir, these ban1 x do not seem to me, in view of
the privileges c nferred upon them by this bill, to
be especial objects of our regard and chanty. I re-
memberthe tune when individuals and companies
used to come to legislative bodies asking as a boon
the privilege to bank on theircapital, and in many
cases it was denied to them, because the privilege
was thought to be too exclusive and too great for
any particular set of men to enjoy. And now,
sir, this Congress of the United States goes beg-
ging to men and offers bonuses to individuals to
engage in this potentscheme of banking by which
it is proposed to control the whole currency and
finances of the country.
Let me point out some of the privileges con-
ferred upon bankers by this bill. They bank
upon the stocks of the United States, the bonds
of the United States bearing interest at six per
cent. Formerly they had to bank upon specie.
Now they are to bank upon bonds of the United
States bearing six per cent, interest as theircapi-
tal. When was it ever before known that the
capital stock of a bank was leaned out at an in-
terest of six per cent.? And in addition to that,
that six per cent, interest io be paid in specie,
which, at the premium it u>mmamk now in the
legal currency of the Ur-;ied States, makes the
interest on this capitH qua:,i b.dieve, toat least
ten per cent, per am:, in. What more? On the
basis of their capita5 yielding this enormous profit
they issue notes, uu.y dis >unt notes, and deal
in bills of excho' by which any set of shrewd
bankers can nv.:?,)- at !< ast twelve percent, more
on their capit, I stuck That gives them power
to make a profit of twenty to twenty-two per
cent, on thci.* capital stock engaged in business.
And yet we are to!.i that if we give to the States
power to lax thes institutions at all we confer on
the Staus .tower to destroy them. It seems to
me that :i we do riot give the States this power,
the banks will destroy the States. It seems to
me that the whole purpose and object and scope
and tendency of the bill is to prostrate State
power and put it at the control of the great cen-
tralized power to be established here; and I sub-
mit that that may be the purpose of the gentleman
from Maryland, [Mr. Davis.] I advocate the
amendment of the gentleman from New York,
[mr. Van Valkenburgii.]
Mr. DAVIS, ofMut yland,withdrew the amend-
ment to the amendment.
Air. MORRILL. I renew the amendment. Mr.
Chairman, it is perfectly obvious that if this
amendment prevail the bill becomes an entire
nullity, useless so far as perfecting the system
winch we adopted at the last Congress is con-
cerned. It strikes me, Mi. Chanr.ja.i, that the
proposition to allow States to tax a- > portion of
the capital of these banks is just  .*> absurd as it
would be to allow the States to ax the public
buildings of the United States o: the ships of the
United States, if they could tr-^x them atall, they
couid tax them out of existen v. When the ques-
tion comes up, it will be in  • power of Congress
to levy ail the burdens on r I -e banks that justice
may require. I shu'i h* -i favor of taxing them
to the fullest exten t of •1 eir ability to bear. I be-
lieve that tiiis Hons* --ill not let these banks go
without b^arn all '1 burdens that they ought
ro bear. If -y <j- v,>e taxation in the States,it
is appaiei.' '.at ..>cy should besr a higher pio-
portion oft .xar.'-n than other personal property
in the Sla'< .s. That portion of the capital of the
banks wh:. h h-boil not be invested m United States
bonds sh -iM'i be, as a matter of course, taxed
higher 1 an that which is so invested.
I su: .'lit, Mr. Chairman, that the best couise
for us to allow this question to come up when
the subject of taxation shall be before the House.
Then gentlemen can, if they see fit, tax them even
out of existence. But that will certainly be the
fittest time to cons'-ier how much they should be
taxed. I repeat Mr. Chairman, that so far as the
power of the States is con :• .ned, if we allow them
to tax these banks at ah, .ve might as well not pass
any bill.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I rise to oppose the
amendment of the gentleman from Vermont, I
have listened attentively to the argument in favor
of exempting this bank propeity from taxation,
and I confess I have not been particulaily struck
with the force of the reasons presented by the
gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Morrill.] Why
it is that a citizen of 1 Ihnois or of any other State
of the Umon should be by a provision of this bill
exempted from the payment of a State tax on his
capital simply because he may see fit to invest it
m bonds of the United States or in any of these
national banks is something that is entnely inex-
plicable to me
Under our State laws the individual who may
have $500 or $1,000 of surplus capital, and may
! desne to secure it by taking a mortgage on real
estate and receiving an annual interest of eight of
ten per cent., is bound to pay into the State a cer-
tain tax on his investment. Why a distinction
should be made by this biil between him and the
man who invests his $20,000 or $50,000 in bonds
of the Government and who deposits them in one
of these national banks, drawing his six per cent,
interest on the bonds and his profit on the invest-
ment—all of which is to be exempt from taxa-
tion—is something that 1 cannot understand.
There is nothing in the argument that the States
would tax these banks out of existence. Their
own interest, their own security,the desirableness
of a uniform currency will operate against such
an idea.
Again, in all the States of which I have any
knowledge, the rates of taxation on particular
classes of property must be uniform under their
constitutions. They cannot impose a rate of tax-
ation on bank stock higher than that imposed
on other capital stock. They cannot impose on
the income of any man engaged in banking any
more tax than they can impose on the income of
one who is simply a fnoney-lender, securing his
loans by mortgage on real estate. The only thing
that there is in the argument is that the bill gives
to the General Government the right to strike down
the power of States to tax their citizens, and
places the States at the mercy of the moneyed in-
terest which this bill is attempting to set up over
the people of the country and over the States of
the Union. Aside from that there is no reason
that has been urged entitled to a moment's consid-
eration. The simple reason that a man invests
his money in United States bondsand then invest®
his bonds in a United States bank, drawing there-
by six per cent, interest on his bonds and what-
ever profits in addition may be made from his in-
vestment, is no reason why he should be exempt
from taxation upon the capital so invested. I say
it is unjust to those who do not sec fit so to invest
their money. You give by thip hslt power to the
capital of the country to grind the face of the
poor while you deny to the States the power to
exact their share of contributions for the main-
tenance of their State governments.
Mr. MORRILL withdrew his amendment.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York, submitted the fol-
lowing as a substitute for the amendment:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That it shall be the duty of the
Secretary of the Treasury, as soon as practicable after the
etui of each fiscal yeai from «tnd after the passage of this
j act, to makr> out and transmit to the treasurer of each
} State a statement of all taxes which shall have been col-
; lected m that State from each national bank organized
j therein dunng such previous year, and he with such
i statement remit to the trea>uier of buch State one fourth
! the amount thu* collected from such association in each
| State, to be disposed of in iti  discretion.
i l offer that amendment simply with the idea of
| suggesting a principle on which it may be possi-
I hie"for the House toagree. T for one am opposed
I to acknowledging, if thoiy be national institu-
j tions, the power of the States to tax them; and
i yet I am willing to 'Ay acCede to the justice
j and equity of the ca.'i al which is invested in the
different States in the banking business under
this system, and which receives from the local
and State authority the protection which is due
to capital, being made to contribute in an equi-
table degree to the maintenance of that Govern-
ment winch protects it.
Therefore I believe that in this mode we may
accomplish this result. Whether the cxact pro-
vision 1 have suggested be the right one I am not
certain. I have merely desired to suggest the
crude idea. But, sir, there is justice in the prin-
ciple, and I beg gentlemen when they come to
reflect upon this subject to have that principle in
mind. It has been said that we are withdrawing
§500,000,000 of the capital of this country from
taxation. That is not so. This Government ig
issuing its bonds and its stocks. Is that property
before it is issued ? it is an obligation, it is not
fixed capital*, it becomes a credit by the action of
the Government for the purposes of the Govern-
mental this time as a matter of national necessity.
Now, upon the basis of these issues, we allow the
banking institutions to conduct their business.
| We protect their business, their property, and
i their circulation, and it would be entirely unfair
j to say that we would suffer the States to impose
1 taxes upon this capital thus invested in these
| banks, because it is not actual capital but it is
1 Government obligations.
