1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
36?
ing the Union, the Union as it was given to us by
our patriot fathers.
Can there be anything in that resolution indi-
cating that my colleague desired forcible or armed
resistance to those in power by the people of the
North? Certainly not. A convention of the peo-
ple of the States is not only constitutional, but it
is legitimate. It is one of the modes pointed out
in the Constitution by which you may amend
that instrument. Free speech and free press are
guarantied in one of the Amendments of the Con-
stitution, and the right of the people to assemble
and petition for a redress of grievances is also a
right guarantied. Senators, in my opinion, have
put a forced construction upon this resolution.
So far from indicating an appeal to arms, my col-
league proposes to arrest the present Administra-
tion in a policy that he thinks will overthrow the
Government, destroy its Constitution and the lib-
erties of the people, by the most peaceful of all
remedies, a convention of the people of all the
States.
But, Mr. President, there is another resolution
that I think will tend much to explain the mean-
ing of the one which I last read, and of the others,
and that is the fifteenth resolution, which is in
these words:
"15. Resolved, That a free press, free speech, find free
elections are the great and peaceful forces by which the
mahidministrationofourGovernment, whether in the legis-
lative or executive departments, is prevented, lefouned,
and reversed, and its authors brouaht to public condemna-
tion and punishment; and fbulwarks of constitutional
government and popular liberty are foimidable to malver-
sators, m>uipers, and tyrants only, and they must be held
by the people at all hazards."
There is a distinct resolution pointing out the
means and the remedies that a free people have
to turn out of office those who are guilty of mal-
administration. That is the mode in which he
wishes to do it. It is by free speech, free press,
and free elections. Does he say in any part of
the resolution that he is for effecting the changes
which he certainly desires by force of arms?
No, sir, no. He points out in a distinct resolu-
tion the agencies that he invokes to bring about
this to him, and I confess to myself, most desir-
able revolution. 1 believe that the fifteenth reso-
lution, as I huve before said, is the key that un-
locks the meaning as to the agencies invoked by
my colleague in these resolutions, and it is cer-
tainly legitimate that he should invoke the free-
dom of speech, the freedom of the press, and free
suffrage to turn any Administration out of power
that he thought was pursuing a line of policy that
would result, if carried out, in the destruction and
ovei throw of the constitutional and civil rights of
the people, and inaugurate upon the ruins of this
once free Republic a military despotism. My col-
league has given his construction of the resolu-
tions he introduced. At the time the resolution for
expulsion was introduced my colleague promptly
denied the construction of the resolutions given
by the Senator from Massachusetts, and distinctly
stated that there was nothing m the resolutions,
when properly interpreted, that could be construed
into an exhortation to the people to make forcible
and unlawful resistance to those in power. Free
speech, free press, and free suffrage are the agen-
cies he invoked to rediess our grievances. None
who know my colleague, however much they
may differ from him politically, will doubt his
truth, candor, integrity, or patriotism. The same
construction given in the speech to which I have
referred, my colleague has again given in aletter
he addressed to the chairman of the Judiciary
Committee, which has been read to the Senate.
His construction should be received and taken as
correct interpretations.
Mr. President, the honorable Senator from
Michigan, who so ably addressed the Senate yes-
terday, said that the thirteenth resolution exhibits '
very great charity for the rebels, and he objects
to it on that account. I thought that honorable
gentleman was so imbued with Christianity and
amiability that he would not object to chanty be-
ing extended even to a rebel against the majesty
of the Most High, much less to one against a ]
Government. God knows that if anybody re-
quires charity to be extended to him on thisearth,
it is a man who rebels against a good and lawful
Government, and one who rebels against Heaven's
law. But if that resolution is looked into closc-ly,
I do not think it exhibits any chanty to rebels.
Itis, on the contrary, the very thing that the lead-
ing rebels do not want. I will quote part of it
again:
" The people North and the people South ought to revolt
agamst their war leaders, and take this great matter into
their own hands."
Do you suppose that the leaders of this rebel-
lion South would be obliged to my colleague if
the people there were to follow the advice he gives
them in that resolution, turn away from their war
leaders, and say, " Gentlemen, we are tired of this
bloody war; we are determined to call our people
into convention; we are determined to indicate a
desire to go into grand council with the people of
all the States of the old Union, and see if we cannot
harmonize and settle these difficulties, and let all
the States come back into the Union, and live under
the Constitution ns they did Before the war." That
is all that my colleague asks the people of the con-
federate States to do; and yet the Senator from
Michigan, notwithstanding his pious and amiable
temperament, thinks my colleague is exhibiting too
much charity to them. It does strike me that it is
the very thing the rebel Icaderado not want. The
leaders of the rebellion do nonvant the people of
their various States to desert their standards, to
call for a national convention to restore the Union.
No, sii, it ifc the last thing they want. My col-
league, though, desires the people of the South
to do that. He desnes the people of all sections
of the country to meet in national convention,and
see if they cannot cause this cruel war to cease,
not for the purpose of a severance of the Union,
but for the purpose of a restoration of the Union.
The Senator from Michigan ancT the Senator
from Maine object to the fourteenth resolution,
and denounce it as levolutionary; and they defy
any Senator to point Lo a single case where the
freedom of the press has been interrupted by this
Administi ation. They seem to regard that whole
resolution as a tissue of misrepresentation, in-
deed, the Senator from Maine denounced the
statements contained in it very broadly as false.
Now, I will read that resolution, itis not my
purpose to enter into an elaborate argument to
sustain it, for that would not be proper at this time;
but I will make a very brief comment upon it.
The resolution is:
" 14. Rcsoh-cd, That the present Executive Government
of ibe United States hah .-.ubverled (or the time, in huge
portions of the loyal State-;, the (leedom ot s-peech, the fiee-
dom of the piess, and free suffrage, the constitution5? and
hnvs of the States and ot the United States, tiie civil courts
rind trial byjuryj it lias oidercd ad Librium arbitrary nncts
by niilitaiy ofliceis, not only without \vauaiit,but without
any charge or imputation ot eiline or offense; and has hur-
ried the poisons m, ai tested iioin home and vicinage to dis-
tant pu^ons, and kept them menreei.ued thoie lot an in-
definite tune, some of whom it dwehanred without tnai
and in utter iirnoianee of the cause ot their aiie-t and lin-
pi wnuiK nt. and otbeif. it caused to be (nought bet ore couit5*,
created by il-elf, and to be tn'-il and punched without
iavv; in violation o! the constitutional <jruaranfee to the cit-
izen n[ his rujht to keep and beai ana--, and ol hisrichfsof
properly, it has toicibly depmed a- well the itnal as. the
di-loyai of both; it lias u-iiiprd the powei to "-impend the
wut ot habeas to, pus and to piodaun mai ual law and estab-
lish military tribunal-' tn States and p.ut* of States where
theic was no ohstiuetion to the due admim-ltation of the
laws of the United S'ate-; and tiic States b> the civil couits
and authorities, and ordeied many citizens, who wcie not
connected with the Aimyoi Navj,tobe chaired befoie us
dium-Jiead couits, and to be tued by them tor new and
stranse ofleiwes, det lared by itsett and b> undefined and
indefinable law, being but the aiiutiaij will ot the court;
it iia?. oidained at pleasure a niilitaiy de^pofiMii in the loyal
States by means of comts-martial, piovost mar-hah, and
military foices, governed neither by law, principles, nor
luicSjirom u ho^< tyianny and oppressions no man can claim
immunity; all of u Inch must be lupudiated and .-swept away
by the bo\er< ign people."
The honorable Senators challenge instances
where any of these things have been done. As
I before said, it is not proper on this occasion to
enter into any elaborate argument on that resolu-
tion; but the Senator from Michigan seemed to
airaign my colleague rather sharply because he
was in favor of abolishing courts-martial, as he
said that they were to bo swept away by the peo-
ple. As I construe this resolution, jny colleague
does not desire courts-marital to be swept away;
but as I am on that point, allow me to say that
there is no reason why this Congress could not
sweep away courts-martial if they wished so to
do. There is no clause in the Constitution for-
bidding it. The Constitution simply confers on
Congress the power to raise armies and to provide
navief, and to establish mles and regulations for
the government of the land and naval forces. In
obedience to that provision, we have made our
articles of war and ordained courts-martial. The
reason why my colleague arraigns the actions-of
courts-martial is not that he objects to the exist4-
ence of courts-martial when applied to those per-
sons who are in the military or naval service x>f
the United States,but he especially points out<ifl
the resolution that persons in civil life, who'are
not properly cognizable before courts-martial,
have been tried, condemned, and sentenced by
them. We have a right, if we choose to do it, by
enacting a law of Congress to-day, to sweep afl
courts-martial out of existence and punish every
man in the Army arid Navy by the civil tribunals.
There can be no doubt of that. Of course, I Sup-
pose, there is not a Senator here who thinks it
would be wise policy to do it; but that we have
the power under the Constitution there can be no
doubt. Rut there is one thing which we cannot
do, which the President cannot do, which Con-
gress cannot do, which this Government, by the
exercise of any or all of its powers, cannot do; that
is, we cannot deprive a citizen, one that is not in
the military or the naval service oftheGovernment,
of a trial by jury in the civil courts of the coun-
try, for the Constitution forbids that they should
be tried except in the civil courts; and it is against
an abuse of power, trying civilians by courts-mar-
tial, that my colleague compla^jis in that resolu-
tion, as I understand it.
But, sir, has not that thing been done? The
learned Senators who have addressed you de-
nounce the allegation in the resolution as wholly
untrue, and they ask instances to be pointed to.
I was somewhat astonished that two such intel-
ligent gentlemen should ask for instances in which
the things charged in this resolution had been
done. I would ask if citizens wholly unconnected
with the Army and Navy of the United States in
hundreds and thousands of instances have not
been arrested by the arbitrary dictum of the Sec-
retary of State and of the Secretary of War, and
dragged to distant prisons and there languished
for long months and turned out without trial?
That is a fact well known to the whole country,
as well as to the Senate. Look at the cases in
Maryland; look at many others from my own
State; look at them throughout the length and
breadth of this land.
I will not elaborate that matter, but I was as-
tonished at the broad denials of gentlemenof the
facts set forth in this resolution. Have persons
not been arrested that were in civil life, and taken
and tried before courts-martial, and punishments
decreed which were unknown to the Constitution
and laws of the land? I need but refer to one in-
stance; and that is the case of that gallant, that
true, that noble-hearted defender of civil liberty,
Mr. Yallandigham, who was thus decreed to ban-
ishment by adrum-headcourt-martial in the State
of Ohio. Was Mr. Yallandigham in the military
or naval service? No, sir; and free speech in his
case was cloven down by these usurpers. No-
body claimed that Mr. Yallandigham was engaged
in either the naval or military service; nobody
claimed that he could be rightfully tried before a
court-martial. If he had offended, the proper
tribunal was the civil courts. I ask honorable
gentlemen to show me the law that authorizes the
President of the United States to decree that a
citizen of this once free and great Republic should
be consigned to banishment. I know of no such
law. There is certainly nothing in the Consti-
tution of your country that clothes any of your
magistracy with any such power. And, sir, they
banished that noble and patriot citizen much more
ruthlessly than many patriot citizens were ban*
ished from Greece in the olden time. They did
not even allow the people to write upon a shell
their decree of banishment.
Yet gentlemen say free speech and free press
have in no instance been violated! Why, sir,
look at the hundreds of newspapers throughout
the country that have been stopped by this Ad-
ministration. Some, that were allowed to be is-
sued m New York, were forbidden to go through
the mails, and hundreds of them have been sup-
pressed. That is well known to the whole coun-
try. But the honorable Senator from Michigan
says that these were all traitorous papers. I would
ask that worthy Senator in all candor to answer
me this question: if they were traitors, ought not
a wise and honest Government, instead of stop-
ping their business and suppressing their news-
papers, to have caused them to be arrested, to be
inflicted, to be tried, and convicted and executed
