1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
at any rate, it will not be too late to act upon that i
subject when we can make our action efficient. I I
do not wisli now, however, to express any opui- .
ion whatever upon the details of I he bill, or on the j
bill itself, because I have not studied it with suf- j
ficient c.ireto form an opinion upon which 1 could
rely. The other question, however, I deem of
very great importance,and I think we,as abody,
ought to settle it at once; and tile wishes of the
gentlemen who claim seats, if they have any
wishes, are not to be consulted, oreven the wishes
of our friends there, in view of the very great
importance of the question itself and the serious
consequences that might possibly follow ifwe left
anything with regard to it undetermined.
I did not rise, Mr. President, for the purpose
of making an argument, but simply to state my
views in accordance witli those which have been
expressed by others, and I hope the resolution
of the committee will be acted upon so that we
may settle the question.
Mr. SUMNER. In my opinion each of these
questions is of great importance. Each ought
to be settled by the Senate before we part. I am
reluctant to give a precedence to one over tlie
other; but, from the nature of the case, we must
give a precedence to one over the other in order ;
that business may be transacted. Now,by what !
rule shall that precedence be determined ? The
Senator from Illinois obtained the floor and moved
to proceed to the consideration of the resolution
of his committee with regard to the Arkansas
Senators. That motion was agreed to. That
resolution was the question before the Senate.
Then it was that my friend from Ohio moved to
postpone the resolution of the Senator from Illi-
nois in order to proceed to the consideration of
the measure which he has in charge. 1 am free
to say that if the Senator from Ohio had been in
the place of the Senator from Illinois, and had
obtained the floor so as to make the motion to
proceed with the consideration of his measure,
I should have sustained that motion; but^as the
case is just leversed, as the floor was given to
the Senator from Illinois, I shall deem it my duty
to sustain his proposition. 1 do not think it right
that two propositions which are of .great import-
ance, even if they aie not of equal linpoitancc,
should be antagonized with each other. I think,
therefore, the business of the Senate and the har-
mony of our proceedings will be best consulted by
going on with the question which was first moved. ;
Mr. WADE. The Senator from Massachu- j
setts perhaps did notattend to this question when
it was first started. Very early this morning; I [
moved to take up this bill. The President de- ;
cided that reports of committees must come in i
first. 1 had the floor, and i supposed accouling to j
custom I should be awarded it when reports were j
over. The Senator from Illinois understood that
I was to have the floor, and [ believe everybody j
here understood that I was to have this bill taken j
uo this morning as early as possible. But before j
the reports were through, the Senator from 1 Hi- ;
nois lose to a question of privilege and moved to j
take up this resolution, arid of course I could not |
get in the bill. As the resolution had lain quiet i
so long I did not see why it should be antago- j
nized with the measure that 1 had in charge. I ;
thought that as it had waited for months it might I
wait another day just as well, and I did not sup-
pose that I should discharge my duty to this body !
if 1 did not insist upon taking up the bill; and
yet I am told by the Senator from Massachusetts
that I antagonized this measure with the other.
The fact is right the other way.
Mr. SUMNER. Let the record settle it.
Mr. WADE. 1 do not care about the record;
I am never great on technicalities. I thought my .
measure might as well go on; and besides, if the <
adjournment is to take place immediately, I in- ,
tend to stand by this measure. 1 want my mo- ;
tion decided by the Senate and I shall be satisfied, j
Mr COWAN. 1 suppose every member feels :
it his duty at the close of the session to make a
%ieech on every possible occasion when there is ,
.«chance to say a word; and it is impelled by that
desire to do my duty that I rise to say that 1 ,
a<n-ee entirely with the Senator from Massachu-
setts in prefemng that the resolution of the Judi-
ciary Committer should be acted upon immedi-
ately, believing in the maxim prior est in tempore
potior est in jure. I am ready to vote upon that
resolution; and 1 am ready to vote upon it with- ,
out any regard whatever to the fate of the bill
which the Senator from Ohio has in charge, and
I cannot conceive for my own part the most re-
mote connection between the two. I think it is
due to ourselves that we should determine the.
question arising on the report of the Judiciary
Committee, and determine it immediately one way
or the other. 1 hope, therefore, the Senator from
Ohio will not succeed in his motion to displace it.
The PRESIDENT protempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. WADE called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 5, nays 28; as follows:
YHAS—Messrs. Clark, Italian, Lane of Kansas, Sber-
num. and YVadP—5.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Rrown, Bucltalow, Carllle,
Chandler, Conner, Cowan. Davis, Fessenden, Foot, Fos-
ter, Gump*, Hairis, n<'iuhiek«, Uick-, Howe, Johnson,
McDoolm II, Morgan, Powell, Kam^ey, Kiddle, tfunmor. Ten
Eyok, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Willev, and Wilson—28.
ABSENT — Me^rs. Oollamer, Dixon, Doolittlc, Hale,
Harding, Henderson, Howard, Lane of Indiana, Morrill,
Nesnuth, Pomeioy, Richai.laon, Saulsbury, Spraguc, Wil-
kinson, and Wriglit—16.
So the motion wns not agreed to.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I made a motion to
postpone the resolution until December next; but
this vote settles that question; and I desire, with
the consent of the Senate, to withdraw that mo-
tion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That motion
being withdrawn, the question is on the passage
of the resolution reported by the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. HOWE. I trust the Senate will indulge
me for n few minutes while I state, oi try to stale,
the reasons which will compel me to vote, I pre-
sume by myself, against the resolution reported
by this committee. I suppose from what 1 know
of the opinion of the Senate that, with the excep-
tion of my vote, this resolution will receive the
unanimous suppoit of the Senate. I understand
it is reported here as the unanimous opinion-of
the Judiciary Committee of the Senate, a body
combining,, as we all know, a vast amount of
learning and geneial ability; a body which I very
well understand came to the consideration of this
question with minds as unprejudiced and with as
fixed a resolution to come to a correct conclusion
as ever a body of men did take up a question;
and therefore itcuunot but be that 1_ should have
a great deal of hesitation in dissenting from the
o,oncliision at which they have arrived. And yet,
Mr. President, 1 beg; leave to say, with the ut-
most respect, with the utmost deference to the
character of that committee, and to the character
of the body in which 1 stand, which I suppose to
be unanimously against me, that there is not a
single faculty and there is scarcely a single fiber
in me that does not dissent from the doctrines
stated in this report. 1 never can state to the
Senate by any possibility the emphasis with which
I believe this resolution is wrong;.
The other day, when the question of referring
; these credentials to this committee was before the
Senate, I read that clause of the Constitution
which tells us what composes the Senate of the
United States, and I read that act of Congress
which admitted the State of Arkansas as one of
the States of the Union. I reminded the Senate
then that neither iliat Constitution nor that act of
Congress had been repealed. The fact is so to-
day. They have not been repealed; and there-
fore 1 cannot hojgi but believe that if we exclude
from their seat? these gentlemen who are sent
here from Arkansas we do nullify by the author-
! ity of the Senate alone and abrogate a statute of
1 the United States and an essential clause in the
i Constitution of the United States. I hear Sena-
tors say all about me that the question of tile status
of Arkansas und of her relations to the Union is
not presented upon this report; that whether she
be a State of the UnitedStates or not the conclu-
sion of the committee is yet the correct one, that
these gentlemen are not entitled to their seats.
How that can be possible 1 do not understand,
if there be any political right given to a State it
is the right to be represented in the Congress of
the United States.
Mr. TR.UMBULL. If the Senator will allow
me, the point is this! notthat Arkansas is oris not
entitled to a representation, but the Constitution
says each State shall be entitled to two Senators,
to be chosen by the Legislature thereof. rpUn
committee have come to the conclusion that there
was no Legislature which elected thpse two gen-
tlemen. Whether there is a valid Legislature in
Arkansas or not is not a question that we acted
upon. The same question arose some years ago
in Rhode Island, as is stated in the report, ami
the Senate decided that one of the bodies was not
the Legislature and that the other was, and se-
lected one of the two men. We thought the body
which sent these gentlemen here was not the Le-
gislature of the State of Arkansas; that is the
point.
Mr. HOWE. I understand that the committee
charged with the authority of looking into end
passing upon the returns of these candidates for
seats here went away back of that,and really did
look at and pass upon the returns of the members
who convened at Little- Rock, in Arkansas, and
undertook to act as the Legislature of that State;
and while they concede that upon the faGe of tho
credentials these gentlemen are entitled to seats
here, they do substantially decide that the con-
stituents who sent them here had no right to sit
in Little Rock,and to officiate as the Legislature
of Arkansas. They not only decide upon the
claim of these gentlemen to seats here, but they
decide upon the claim of lepresentatives and sen-
ators who convened in the capital of that State,
and undertook to act as the Legislature of that
State. , ,
I am not going to argue this question, for 1 am
no£ prepared to argue it. It seems to me that
a few statutes and a few very elementary princi-
ples settle the whole question. If it be conceded
that Arkansas is a State of the U nion and that she is
entitled to a representation here, thenl wish tolook
to this other statementprescnted0by the commit-
tee, namely, that the constituency which elected
these gentlemen was nota Legislature. Upon what
evidence is that statement? So far as the proofs
are concerned, the committee present us no evi-
dence that there was any other Legislature for
Arkansas than the very one which elected and
returned these gentlemen. If you go outside of
the proofs and look at the probabilities, I think
we morally know that there was no other Legis-
lature. What, then, was the objection to tins
body? Not that itwas not loyai, nor thatit did
not represent the loyal people of Arkansas- 
Mr. COWAN. Will the Senator allow mc ?
As I understand, the committee find that the peo-
ple were not represented, that they were in duress
and did notexercise their free will in the selection
of a Legislature. I think that is the very point.
Whether that is well found or badly found lean-
not say.
Mr. HOWE. I do not understand the report
to controvert but what this Legislature was loyal,
the members composing it were loyal, nor to con-
trovert but what they represented the loyal peo-
ple of Arkansas. It does intimate, it does per-
haps state that only a portion of the people of
Arkansas united in the choice of them, and it
does perhaps state, and the fact may be that a
portion of the loyal people did not participate in
the election of these members; but how does that
affect the question of the legitimacy of that Legis-
lature? Suppose one, or ten,or one hundred,or
one thousand, or fifty thousand men are held iri
duress at a given point of time, that being the only
difficulty in the way, does that disqualify the res-
idue and remainder from exercising all the func-
tions, asserting all the rights which belong to therei
as citizens? While I am permitted to think and
to speak and to act for myself in the State ol
Wisconsin, I do not know how my rights as a
citizen of that State can be abridged by any du-
ress that can be imposed upon all the r^-st of the
people about me. So that the simple fact that a
portion of the loyal people did not engage m this
election, did not vote at it, it seems to me wilt
not be contended by any one as being a leason
for btistaidizing the Legislature itself. It is not
asserted by the committee as a reason why they
deny to that body the charactcrof a Legislatuie;
that is not the reason upon which they ground
their conclusions-, but the reason they present is
that Aikansas was at that time occupied by mili-
tary force.
"At the time when the body which chose Ukto a""™"
wth elected, when tt assembled, and at tinsit line, the■ - I to
nt Aikmisaa ts occuM&l by hostile armies which ex* r< ims
^uuK-u>e authority within tt«e district* subject to their eon-
"' ! 1! trol. While a portion of Arkansas is at this very time, as
The I! the committee ire informed, in the actual potion and
