1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1415
woi kofthe Government? How would the system
fare with the Legislature of New Jersey at this
day? How would it fare with any legislature
bent on embarrassing the financial schemes of the
Government? How ran we venture to trust to
the judgment of any State a measure which has
already been made the ground of attack on the
Government because of its absolute unconstitu-
tionality? Jf we mean to go through the child's
performance of passing a law here which is to do
nothing and fall still-born, let us adopt this amend-
ment. If we mean the system to be a live, vigor-
ous, and active one, let us tell4 4 State sovereignty "
to take care of itself, and let us enforce the sov-
ereignty of the United States.
Mr. MALLORY, Mr. Chairman, I admire
the bold and candid declarations of the gentleman
from Maryland, made in his usual bold and candid
style. He has let us know distinctly to-day that
he is opposed to this federated form of Govern-
ment, and is for a central national Government
here which is to control the States of this Union,
and, I am afraid, the people of the United States
of America. He does not believe in State sov-
ereignty. He docs not believe in giving to the
State the power of deciding upon any act of this
Federal Government. Iiedoes not believe in giving
to the State the power to tax an institution char-
tered by the Congress of the United States. I am
afraid that the gentleman goes further. 1 am
afraid that he is not tor conceding to the people
of the United States the power to control th  le-
gislation of the country, which lie wishes to fix
by this Cong) t ss in such a way as to carry itout
hereafter by force of arms and armies in spite of
the people of the United States.
The gentleman may be pardoned perhaps for
arguing against State soveieignty; hut when he
comes to attack that other sovereignty, the sover-
eignty of the people of the United States, I hope
his theory may be met with that stem rebuke which
ltdcserves. Whence this dread of allowing States
to tax these institutions ? Gentlemen have aigued
on this floor that if you pass the amendment of-
fered by the gentleman from New York, the peo-
ple of the various States of the Union will have
the power to destioy these institutions. Why
would they ever wish to exercise such a power as
that? Would it not be because they had found
these institutions onerous and oppressive, and in-
jurious to their interests? And when, after tlu-ir
deliberate and solemn conviction that these insti-
tutions ought not to exist, and afiei the people of
all the States of the Union come to the conclusion
that this sort of legislation does militate n^ain.'-.t
their ughta and interests, in the name of God is
the gentleman from Mai yland [Mr. Duis] for so
tying the hands of the Government, and tying the
hands of the State Legtslatui es, and tying the
hands of the people, as to subjf ct them managed
and chained, to the mercy of the legislation of
Congress ?
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Will the gvnt'e-
man fron) Kentucky allow me to u&k him aques-
tion ?
Mi. MALLOltY. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Dors the gentle-
men) from Kentucky contemplate that any one
State Legislatuie shall have the power to prevent
the existence ofthis system within the State?
Mr. MALLOltY. No, sir; no, sir. 1 have
argued m favor of the amendment of the gentle-
man fi om New York, which gives to a State Legis-
lature the power to tax these institutions, exactly
as it has the power to and does tux similar in-
stitutions m thatState. Fairness and equity and
right require that.
Mr. IIO rCI-IKlSS. Will the gentleman from
Kentucky allow the section, as proposed to be
amended, to be reported ?
Mr. MALLOLtY. I know what it is. It may
be read after i am throuuh. Now, Mr. Chair-
man, 1 wish to say that it ever the time corm-s
that the people of all the States of the Union wish
to tax these institutions, whenever they come to
the conclusion that tin ir Iv-st interests requite that
they shall be tax. d, the t ight to Jo so should re-
main to them. I am no ultra State-rights man.
1 believe that the Constitution of the United States
of America, and the laws and treaties made in
pursuance thereof* should be the supreme law of
the land, anything in State constitutions or laws
to the contrary notwithstanding. Is not that or-
thodox enough for the gentleman fium Mat yland?
Is he for carrying out and legislating upon any
other principle than that? Is he for destroying
those rights which he knows are reserved to the
States of this Union ? is he for conferring on the
Federal Government other powers than those
which that sacred instrument, the Constitution,
expressly and distinctly confers upon it, or which
are absolutely necessary to enable it to carry out
those granted powers? If lie be, I take issue
with the gentleman from Maryland, and I take
issue with any man who entertains such an opin-
ion or who will advocate such a theory as that.
Sir, it seems to me that the whole objection to
the amendment of the gentleman from New York
is based upon the fear on the part of this Con-
gress to meet the American people. It is based
upon the fear on their part to subject themselves
to the veidict of their masters—the people—if
they are your masters yet. I do noi know what
they may become when your armies shall have
crushed out^ all the liberty that remains in the
United States.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAVIS, of Mary land, withdrew the amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. I ask that the amend-
ment to the amendment may be reported.
The Cierk read it.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. I propose to amend the
original section by nddingjis follows:
Provided, further j'itat no Mate tax fclmll l)«> nnpo^d
upon any prut of i1.. rcipiia! -wek of such association in-
vested ni the bo 1 oi tii" I'mted States.
Mr. DAY ; S, of Maryland. Mr. Chairman,the
amendment does not at all obviate the difficulties
that I pointed out to the fir^t amendment proposed.
There is no limitation placed upon the authority of
the State to tax these banks to any extent whatever.
I think that is apparent from the reading of it.
Butwhat I desne especially to say is tuco-iu-ct
some misapprehension into which the gentleman
from Kentui ky lias fallen himself, and intowhich
he may possibly have led others. He nrgnrs
that if all the Stales or all the people of the United
States were hostile to this measure, he wanted
them to have the power to break it down and de-
stroy it. That was his argument as I understood
him. He was not, it is tiue, a State-iights man.
Mr. MALLOltY. I be^ the gentleman's par-
don; 1 am n State-ijghts man. I am for maintain-
ing the ropoi veil ngi.is of the Slates to which they
are entitled undci the Constitution.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I entirely agree
with the Gentleman in that declaration
Mr. MAJ^LOftY. I knew my ftieml fiom
Man, land would u<rree with me m that.
Mi. DAVIS, of Maryland. And I do not know
of anybody who does no!; but when the gentle-
man wishes to make the r< served rights of the
Stati s para!yz° the machinery of the United States
I tak" it that his ivsrned righics of the Slates ,ir<-
a usurpation aurun-.t ihf United Sfai.-s.
Mi, MA LLOUY. I made no sin li dec hiration.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mar} land. The gentleman
aruued the--, that if ail the Slates weto .usxiout-. to
get ud of this system he thought ihey ought to
have [ he righ t to ae: ; id of it, and one ot the sti ps,
I pt-'sume, by v. hn h he proposed they should
get lid (if it was this taxation system.
Now, sn, I suppose that if tf'l the people of
theUmted States tepresentod i n C'onsrressaie op-
posed to the system they rdii dt font it now-. If
at any time during the m xt Con^res^ they should
be opposed to if, they can defeat it then. The
point I desire to enforce is that the will of the
majority of the peoph of the United States as ex-
pit ssed by then* Representatives here shall be
earned into e{fect. 1 am > iw endeavoring toas-
sei t tiieii rich's. Idesi: t^alt'- e will of the sov-
ereign majos i ty—of tb p opie<<t the United Scutes
—shall not be para1 wed by 'he capisee or the an-
tagonistic policy <" any individual State. Take,
for instance, llm ef New Jetsey, or of Mis-
souit, or of any other State which may happen
to be opposed to any banking system at all; take
the case of California, in which I believe no banks
a>v established; the introduction of this system
into those States might be against theii'locnl pol-
icy, and yetwii! the gentleman allow thorn to ex-
clude these national banks from their limits?
Mr. MALLORY. I did not say that.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. ' 1 do not wish to
submit this question to their aihuramcnt. U is
the light of the people of the United States to say
that this system shall go every where, and fo be
unifoim it must go into every State. Ifitmaybe
excluded from any State its whole usefulness is
paralyzed.
Now, in reference to the observation of the gen-
tleman that this is a system of despotism to be
met by the people wherever it should exist with
the scorn and contempt'it deserved, I am sure the
gentleman did not mean to say anything impolite
to me.
Mr. MALLORY. Certainly not.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I will say to the
honorable gentleman that it is no part of this
scheme that it shall go into operation in defiance
of the people of the United States. It is intended
for the mutual benefit of the people. To make it
uniform it must go everywhere, and neither
Maryland, Kentuek/fnor any other State should
have the right as States to exclude it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I am opposed to the
amendment of the gentleman from Maryland. 1
admit the authority of the United States in all that
pertains to them under the Constitution, to estab-
lish theseinstitutionsorto donnyotheract neces-
sary to promote thegeneral weifaie. But it seems
to me that the gentlemen on the other side of the
House who advocate the exemption of these banks
from taxation are constrained to assume a fact
which does not exist. They talk about stock in
these banks being Government stock. They argue
the question as though these banks were only es-
tablished by banking stock and that the pioperty
in the banks was the property of the Government,
Such is not the fact. When the bonds are pur-
chased by the citizen of a State they cease to be
the property of the Government. Tliey become
the property of those who see fit to speculate in
them. The Government is bound to redeem them,
but when issued they cease to be the propeity of
the Government and become the property of the
individual holders. The Government then has
no right to prevent taxation by the State upon the
property of its own citizens. For us to under-
take to exercise that authority is a usurpation
on the part of Congress against the reserved rights
of the States.
A?- I have already said, we do not propose to
tax Government pioperty, but we do propose to
leserve to the Slates the ughtof taxing the prop-
erty of its own citizens. Suppose that it should
he presumed that certain aitides are nccessary
for (he Geneial Government, such as hoiscs and
mules, would we have the right to declare that
the Slates siiould not impose any tax upon them
when held by their own citizens? We have
(he same i ight m the one case that we have in the
other. We have the same right to say that no
tax shall be imposed upon these bonds by the
States when in the possession of citizons of the
States. Ins in direct contravention of the rights
of itm Sums.
Gentlemen say that it is necessary thus to ex-
clude this class of bonds fmm taxation when in
the hands of citizens, so as to {osier thes ? banks,
make the cm tency uniform, ami sustain the credit
of the Government. Theie is nothing in tha:
argument. The people of the States will not tax
theso banks out of existence under th^'pendin^;
amendment, foi it is provided that they shall not
be taxed higher than other socuntics. If they be
neccssaiy to sustain the credit of fheGo\ernmcnt,
it will be to the interest of the States not to tax
them out of existence.
The gieat objection is that by the exorcise of
this authority you stiike down the i Lht which
pertains to the Slates undet the Constitution. You
make a distinction between tSie property held in
Government securities and oilier classes of piop-
erty hi that way you irive moneyed monopolies
nut only control over the States but over Con-
gress. You destroy the constitutional lights re-
served to the States.
[H. re the hammer fell.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
the committee do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So thecommittee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Roluxs, of New Hamp-
shire, reported that the Committee of the \Vho4c
on ti\e slate of the Union hud,according to order,
hud the Union under consideration, ami particu-
larly the lull (H. R No. 333) to provide o na-
tional cuireiicy seemed by a pledge of United
