1864
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
33(57
States it must emanate from the body of the peo-
ple; and no government constituted outside of
law, in violation of law, by revolutionary pro-
ceedings, can be a government such as the Con-
stitution of the United States recognizes as neces-
sary for a State in the Union.
If these gentlemen had come here as the select
representatives of the Legislature which met un-
der the constitution as it existed, and which was
adopted and ratified by the people of Arkansas,
it would have been another and a very different
question, and I imagine there would have been
very little difference of view as to their right, so
far as that question is concerned, to admission to
seats in this body; but they come here as the rep-
resentatives of a pretended government erccted
by less than one fourth of the people of the State
they claim to represent—a government claiming
the right, and if we admit and recognize it here
will have the right,to be represented in this body
to the exclusion of those who may be selected
hereafter in that State under the constitution as
it existed, by a much larger vote than that by
which the constitution was adopted.
These reasons, Mr. President, compel me to
vote for the resolution introduced by the Judi-
ciary Committee. I cannot aid one fourth of the
people of a State in overthrowing their State con-
stitution. The end that is arrived at is the same
whether it be done by those who are acting in
rebellion or whether it be done by others who
would resist a rebellion. Both accomplish the
overthrow of the government which the people
had established, and which the people have a right
to claim at the hands of this Government that
they shall be protected in the enjoyment and pro-
tection of. That is the meaning of the constitu-
tional provision which we have that the Govern-
ment of the.United States shall guaranty to each
State in this Union a republican form of govern-
ment. It supposes a fore-existing government.
It does not authorize the Government of the Uni-
ted States to create a State government. It sup-
poses a State government created by the people
for themselves, and it makes it the duty of the
Federal Government to protect the people in the
possession and enjoyment of that State govern-
ment. ^
From the report of the committee in this case
it appears that there were but twenty counties
represented in this so-called convention which it
is claimed lias changed the organiclaw of Arkan-
sas and established for these people a constitution
other than the one which they have heretofore lived
under and which they adopted for themselves. It
further appears that there are fifty-four counties
in the State; that there were fifty-four thousand
electors in 1860, and that but twelve thousand
votes were cast under this new constitution and
for it. Thirty-four counties were without repre-
sentatives.
Mr. TEN EYCK. There were forty-six coun-
ties represented in the Legislature.
Mr. CARLILE. Yes, sir. I go behind that
Legislature. I am speaking of the revolutionary
proceeding under which this Legislature was
hatched. Twenty counties out of the fifty-four
were represented m thatconvention. We do not
know the number of votes given for the members
who were sent to that convention. It does not
appear from the report of the committee whether
in all these twenty counties elections even were
held; but for all that appears citizens of those
several counties may have metatLittle Rock and
Fort Smith and elected delegates from the several
counties even to this convention. We have been
told that at Little Rock or Fort Smith, or proba-
bly at both of those places, at Little Rock cer-
tainly, I believe, several gentlemen called there
by business or pleasure were elected to represent
counties in which they had resided and in which
elections could not have been held.
But, sir, the position in which the Senate would
be placed by the recognition of the Legislature is
the great "controlling fact with me, and to which
I have already referred. If this rebellion, so far
as Arkansas is concerned, if not in the other States,
should be suppressed by the next meeting ofCon-
gress, and the people of Arkansas, to the number
offifty-four thousand,orforty thousand, or thirty
thousand, or twenty thousand should insist upon
retaining their government as it existed prior to
the rebellion, and should go on under it and elect
a Legislature, and that Legislature should send
Senators here, what would be the condition of
the Senate? Would the Senate not feel bound to
admit representatives under the government as
it had existed, and how could they do it with the
places filled by the representatives here of this
revolutiouary government set up by one fourth
of the people of the State ?
Mr. HOWE. I beg leave to say that in my
own view I do not hold these gentle-men to be
representatives of the revolutionary government
in Arkansas, but I hold them to be representatives
of that government which is not revolutionaryin
Arkansas.
Mr. CARLILE. I deny the fact. The report
of this committee says otherwise. The reportof
this committee says that gentlemen assuming to
represent but twenty of the fifty-four counties of
Arkansas met at Fort Smith, I believe, and there
assumed to organize a State government. They
assumed, not to organize a government under the
government that the people of Arkansas had
adopted, but they assumed to enact for the entire
State of Aikansas and its entire population a new
constitution, a new organic law, and create under
that new constitution and new organic law a Le-
gislature.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The committee is mis-
taken or the Senator is. The convention amended
the old constitution and submitted the amend-
ments to the people.
Mr. CARLILE. The old constitution can
only be amended in one way; the Constitution of
the United States can be amended in two ways;
but suppose an attempt was made to amend it in
any other mode than that provided in the instru-
ment itself and you rec6gnize it, would not such
an amendment and such new constitution be a
revolutionary government? Most unquestion-
ably. Just so it is in Arkansas. The constitu-
tion of Arkansas provides the manner in which
it shall be amended. If it is not a new govern-
ment, but an amended constitution, the case of
the Senators is much worse than I had supposed;
for the constitution of 1836, which is the consti-
tution for the State of Arkansas to-day, provides
the mode in which it can be amended. It can be
amended in that mode and in no other.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Let me ask the Sen-
ator a question. Suppose the States of the Union
without any action of Congress should get to-
gether of their own accord and amend the Con-
stitution of the United States and adopt the amend-
ments, does he deny that those amendments would
be in force?
Mr. CARLILE. That is exactly what these
rebellious States have done. Eleven of them have
got together, and they adopted your Constitution
almost literally, word for word, with fewer amend-
ments, making much less important alterations
and changcs than this so-called convention has
done with regard to the State of Arkansas.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. But if all the States
join in it, how then?
Mr. CARLILE. I fall the people of Arkansas
had got together, if all the counties had been rep-
resented, or if all of them could have had repre-
sentation there and adopted a new organic law,
it would have been a very different thing. That,
however, would have been a proceeding outside
of the State government then existing.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I understand the Sen-
ator from Virginia to admit the correctness of my
position that the government of Arkansas be-
longed to the loyal people.
Mr. CARLILE. Certainly.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. If all the loyal peo-
ple participated in this proceeding, can he doubt
its legality, if there were only twelve thousand out
of fifty-four thousand loyal ?
Mr. CARLILE. That isaquestion which we
cannot settle here. We have no data. Foi aught
that appears, thicc fourths of the loyal people did
not and could not participate in this so-called con-
vention. For aught that it appears those who
elected these very delegates to this so-calledcon-
vention were not qualified electors under the con-
stitution of Arkansas. I take it for granted that
they were not, because one of the provisions of
the constitution of Arkansas is that no one em-
ployed in the military or naval service of the Uni-
ted States shall vote; and we are told in this very
repott that every citizen of Arkansas that could
be received, and was not excluded because, of
bodily infirmity, had gone into the military ser-
vice of the United States; nnd I take it for granted
they arc the loyal people of Arkansas. The con-
stitution of the State of Arkansas expressly ex-
cludes them in the military or naval service from
the right of electors. I do notintend toapprove,
it is not my purpose to approve, any such consti-
tutional provision or to condemn it. There it is.
We are maintaining the constitution andjaws of
the country. We are resisting by all the mili-
tary power of the country revolution and rebel-
lion. It is because these men have attempted to
resist constitutional authority that it has become
necessary for the Government of the United States
to employ its military power to enforce obedience
to constitutions and laws. For aught that we
know, for aught that we can know, more than
twelve thousand of the loyal people of Arkansas
may claim the rights secured to them under the
constitution which they had adopted, and to pre-
serve which, as well as the Constitution of the
United States, they have resisted the power of
those who controlled their State; they may claim
under that constitution representation in this
body; and the Senate of the United States ought
not, under the circumstances, when they see that
the representation they would now grant would
be a representation springing from a government
other than that which existed at the beginning of
this rebellion, agovernmentorganized, notby the
body of the people, but by less than one fourth of
the people, to place themselves, by recognizing
thatgovernment, in the situation to exclude from
representation upon this floor those who have the
right to demand it.
Mr. HOWE. Allow me to ask the Senator
whether the right to representation in this body
is given to the people of Arkansas by the consti-
tution of that State or by the Constitution of the
United States?
Mr. CARLILE. The right to representation
in this body is given by the Constitution of the
United States, but to whom? To the State.
What is the State? The loyal people of the State,
those who have a right to demand that their own
State government shall be preserved to them by
you as well as that your Government shall be pre-
served to them by you. Are you going to placc
yourself in a situation to excludc for aught you
know three fourths of that loyal people by recog-
nizing a government set up against their will? for
we have a right so to suppose, as they were not
represented in the" convention that assumed to
make it, and have never had an opportunity to
ratify or reject it by a vote upon it. That is the
question that I put to the Senator.
Mr. HOWE. I wish simply to say that I do
not think the validity of the election of these gen-
tlemen depends upon the character of that con-
vention which assembled at Fort Smith. All the
rights 1 claim for those gentlemen and all the
rights I claim for the loyal people of Arkansas
are in them by the Constitution of the United
States and the laws passed in accordance with U.
Those laws, if they secure any political right, se-
cure the right of representation, and that right is
given to men who are in allegiance to the Govern-
ment of the United States, and not to those who
are in arms against it. To the one the character
of citizens and the prerogatives of citizens are
given; to the other, simply death.
Mr. CARLILE. Does not the Constitution of
the United States provide that that representation
shall be secured here, by and through the action
of the Legislature of the State?
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir.
Mr. CARLILE. Then it is the duty of the
Senator from Wisconsin to show that the body
which has sentthese gentlemen here is the consti-
tutional Legislature, the legal Legislature of the
State of Arkansas.
Mr. HOWE. The broad seal of the State of
Aikansas I suppose was, if not conclusive, at
least prima facie evidence of that fact, and a per-
son who signs himself as the Governor of Ar-
kansas, using the seal of Arkansas, certifies that
these men weie elected by the Legislature of
Arkansas to be Senatois of the United States, and
I know of no evidence to disprove or to dispute
the ti uth of this certificate.
If there be such an organization as the State of
Aikansas, which seems to be conceded by this
report as well as by almost all the Senators who
have spoken upon it, tfiey had the right (o elect
a Legislature, and that right was confined exclu-
