1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL G^OBK
tleman be good enough to read that evidence? The
committee do not say so.
Mr. WEBSTER. I do not think tlmt the gen-
tleman has read the evidence, as I did not think
he had read the law a little while ago.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. There is,no
necessity for the gentleman getting into a heat
about it. The report of the committee does not
state there was such an order. If there be such
order I ask the gentleman from Indiana to read
it for the benefit of myself and the House.
Mr. STEVENS. Let me finish my remarks.
I have only to say it is asserted here that in eon-
sequence of the enemy taking this property and
using it as a fort our troops were compelled to
destroy it. The committee think that it was de-
stroyed by direct military order. I do not care
whether it was destroyed by direct order or not,
if it were necessary in the combat to destroy it
to dislodge the enemy. The case then comes
within the law of nations. No one ever heard of
a nation so dishonest as to repudiate such a claim
as that. Hence I will go fof the bill.
Mr. HALE. Before I proceed further I wish
to state a fact in reference to the destruction of
this property by military authority. General
Heintzelman, in command of that department as
military governor, stated, in a letter to the com-
mittee, that this property was destroyed by the
military authority of the United States. That
was considered by the committee as sufficient evi-
dence of the fact. It is well known that no rec-
ord is kept by persons commanding companies
of the property destroyed by them; but a supe-
rior officer said, in a letter, that this property was
destroyed by the military authority of the IJnited
States. That being a fact established, the only
questions, it seemed to us, were whether the claim-
ant was loyal, and what was the value of the
property. Is there any reason why the property
should not be paid for, whether taken by the Gov-
ernment for use, or taken by the Government
and destroyed? In either case it is lost to the
owner. That would be a very strange Govern-
ment that would take the property of its citizens
for its own use, or for the purpose of destroying
it, and then refuse to pay for it.
But if the Government destroys property for its
own purposes, it would be, according to the idea
of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Wash-
burne,] improper for us to pay for it. Why
should we not pay for it as soon as we would if
we had used it? There is no principle of morals
or of law which would excuse an individual from
the payment of property so taken by him and
destroyed. I agree with the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania that that would be a most odious Gov-
ernment which would take the property of its
own citizens and refuse to make just compensa-
tion. It may be necessary in the prosecution of
a war ttfdestroy the property of citizens in order
that military operations may be carried on with
more success, or it may be necessary to use it for
feeding the army.
Mr. WINDOM. Will the gentleman allow me
to have an affidavit read?
Mr. HALE. For what purpose?
Mr. WINDOM. It bears upon the fact of this
property being destroyed by order of General
Stahl.
Mr. HALE. I will hear it.
The Clerk read the affidavit, which is as fol-
lows:
District of Columbia, City of Washington, to wit:
On the 19tli (lay of Maicli, A. D. 1863, before me, the
subsciiber, a justice of the peace in and for said county,
personally appeared Captain Max 1'. Ainelunson, of the
sixty-eightll regiment New York State volunteers, and
made oatll on tile Holy Evangely of Almighty God that on
or about the latter part of November or first week in De-
cember, 1861, lie was present with the regiment to which
!ie was attached when the order was given by Geneial
Stahl to destroy all the houses and buildings at Anandale,
Fail fas county, Virginia. Thin deponent lurther declares
that the houses and'barns owned by Piofessor J. O. Amies
at Anandale weie destroyed M the same time; that the
order for the destruction of the houses anil hams in that
vicinity was deemed a mditaiy necessity at the tunc, am
that the object for thus ordering the destruction ot said
liouses and barns was to el car Uic place of icbpl pickets who
would secrete themselves and shoot down Federal pickets
and soldiers; and furthei, that this deponent has no pecu-
niary interest in the matter.
MAX T AMELUNSON,
Captain Sixty-Eighth Regiment New York Volunteers.
Sworn to and subscribed
[l. s.]
JOHN H. JOHNSON, Jr.,
Justice of the Peace.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois.' Is that the
kind of evidence by which they support claims
in the courts of Minnesota?
Mr. HALE. The affidavit which has been
read establishes the fact, if any more evidence
was necessary for that purpose, that the property
was destroyed by our own troops under the au-
thority of United States officers, in order for the
more successful prosecution of the war in that
quarter; and the law read by the gentleman from
Illinois establishes the fact that every just Gov-
ernment recognizes its obligation to make just
compensation for property taken for its own use
or destroyed by its authorized officers. "We do
not propose to pay for property destroyed by the
rebels, but by our own Government. Is it possi-
ble that ourGrovernment has arrived at that stage-
that it will take the property of its own citizens
for any purpose whatever and refuse to make
compensation ? If we are too poor to do that we
are too poor to prosecute this war. But I deny
that we are too poor to do justice by our citizens.
We would not deserve the name of a Government
if we did not compensate citizens for our own
acts. And the gentleman from Illinois entirely
overrates the amount which will be required to
pay for these losses.
Now, I claim to know something upon this sub-
ject. The whole amount of the claims presented
to the Committee of Claims at this sessio/i will
not amount, in my judgment, to $150,000. The
largest claim is that of the Columbia bridge; the
others are all of small amount. But I care no*
whether they amount to one million or five mil-
lion dollars; if the claims are just and right we
ought to allow them. The only question in a case
of this sort is, is it right, is it just? Every claim,
I trust, when it comes before Congress will be de-
cided upon its own merits. We are not compelled
to ask the opinion of Mr. Whiting what we ought
to do. We are competent to decide the question for
ourselves. When a claim comes here letus exam-
ine the case and decide upon the merits, and when
we wantMr. Whiting'sopimon whetherweought
to pay our just debts or not, we will ask it. In
my opinion, the honor of the Government, which
he says will be stained by paying these claims, will
be much more injured by not paying them. Our
honor can never be hurt by paying our just debts.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gentle-
man misunderstood me. I did not say our honor
would be stained by the payment of these claims.
Mr. HALE. I did not say the gentleman did;
but Mr. Whiting says our honor will not be pre-
served if we pay these claims.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. ' I suppose
he meant that if we paid all these claims brought
in in this way we could notpay other claims, and
therefore maintain our honor.
Mr. HALE. Well, that may be so. His letter
speaks for itself. 1 hold that we cannot maintain
our honor by not paying these claims, if they are
just and right.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I do not wish to take up the
time of the House in discussing this claim. I think
it is fully understood. There is no dispute about
the facts, about the loyalty of Mr. Amies, or about
his poverty; and with all due lespec.t to the gentle-
man from Illinois, I think his poverty is a reason
why we should pass this bill now, and not post-
pone it until next session. If it were the claim of
a rich man it might more properly be postponed,
but Mr. Amies has nothing; you have taken his
all, and consequently what we give him we must
give him promptly, to save him from starvation.
He is an old mail, a poor man, a weak and sickly
man, and I hold that it is our duty to act in this
matter now. I therefore demand the previous
question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I appeal to
the gentleman, inasmuch as I acted under a mis-
apprehension, to withdraw the demand for the
previous question, and let me make the motion
to postpone, so that the House may pass upon it.
Mr. HALE. I prefer not to do it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then I hope
the House will vote down the previous question.
Mr. HALE. And I hope not.
Mr. HOLMAN. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania yield to me for a moment?
Mr. HALE. For what purpose?
Mr. HOLMAN. A question has been raised
as to whether this claim i3 before the Court of
Claims or not.
Mr. HALE. It is not be/pfe. the. Court ,ojf
Claims. I-have received information from
Armes since this .case came up that it is not be-
fore the Court of Claims at all. V : '
The previous question was seconded—ayes 69,
noes 34.
The main question was then ordered to be put.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and bejgg engrossed,it whs'ficcoW" i
ingly read the third time. v.* f
Mr. HALE demanded the previous question
on the passage of the bill. ' ""."J
The previous question was seconded, anfV'tfe
mam question ordered. , «
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded
the yeas and nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken;and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 84, nays 30; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs, James C. Allen, Baily, Jacob B. Blair,
Brooks, William G. Brown, Gbanler, Cobb, Coffroth, Cox,
Cravens, Thomas T. Davis, Dawes, Driggs, Eden, Edger-
ton, Eldridge, Einck, Goocli, Grisvvold, Hale, Hall, Raid-
ing, Harrington, Benjamin G. Harris, Charles JV1. Harris,
Herriek, liolman, Ilotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard, Philip
Johnson,.William Johnson, Julian, KalhfleUch, ftasson,
Keliey, Francis W. Kellogg, Kernau, King, Knapp, Law,
Lazear, Long, Longyear, Mallory, Marey, McAllister, Me -
Bride, MeOluig, Mclndoe, William 11. Miller, Moorliead,
Jaines XI. Morris, Morrison, Amos-Myers. Leonard Myers,
Nelson, Noble, Charles O'Neill, John O'Neiil, Patterson,
Pendleton, Perry, Pruyn, William H. Randall, Ross, Sc.ott,
'Smith, William G. Steele, Stevens, Stiles, Strouse, Stuart,
Thayer, Thomas, Tracy, Wadsworth, Webster, Whaley,
Wheeler, Joseph W. White, Wilder, Windom, Fernando
Wood, and Yeainan—84. . •
nays—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, John D.Baldwlq,
Beaman, BoutweU, Freeman Clarke, Dixon, Ecjdey, Eliot,
Garfield, Higliy, John II. Hubbard, Hulburd, Ingersoll,
Jenckes, Orlando Kellogg, Loan, Norton, Perharn, Pike,
i'oineroy. Price, Radford, John II. Rice, Edward H. Rollins,
Schenclc', Scofield, Shannon, Sloan, Smitbers, Spalding,
Upson, Ehhu I!. Washburne, William B. Washburn, and
Wilson—36.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. HALE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also refoved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LKCISLATIVE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS, from the'Committee of Ways
and Means, reported back the Senateamepdments
to the bill (H. R. No. 192). making appropria-
tions for the legislative, executive, and judicial
expenses of the Government for the year ending
30th June, 1865, and moved that the amendments
be printed, and their consideration postponed till
Monday next, after the morning hour.
Mr. WASHBURNE,oflllinois. Imovethat
the House do now adjourn.
Mr. COX. I ask the gentleman to withdraw
the motion to allow me to offer a resolution.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Letus hear
the resolution.
Mr. COX. I ask leave to offer the following
resolution:
Reioli'd, That the forcible sei/.uie bj the Federal mili-
tary authorities at New York of the offices ot tile New York
World and Journal of Commerce, and the suspension of
those papeis for the innoecnt publication of a forged State
papei, is an act unwarranted by the circumstances con-
nected with said publication, an arbitiary outrage on the
constitutional lights of citizens, and deseivfis the'reproba-
tion of every friend of public hbeity and private rights.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I object.
.quartermaster's department.:
Mr. SCHENCK, by unanimous consent, re-
ported back from the Committee on Military Af-
fairs a bill (S. No. 134) to provide for the better
organization of the quartermaster's department;
which wasordered to be printed and recommitted.
prevention of smuggling.
Mr. ELIOT asked unanimous consent to re-
port back from the Committee on Commerce a
bill to prevent smuggling, and for other purposes,
in order to have the same recommitted and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania, objected.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I renewmy
motion that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. SMITH called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was deeidet! in
the affiimative—yeas 68, nays 48; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Rlniue, Jacob li. Blair, Boutweli,
Fieeman Clarke, Cole^Oox, Cravens, Dawson; I)ixon, Eek-
lev.JAlen, Edgeiton,Eldridge,Farnsworth, Fmck, Goocli,
Guawoid, Hall, Harding, Harrington, John H. Hubbard,
