THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON,  . C.
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, JANUARY 28, 1864.
New Series..*..No. 22.-
of the Senators. I marvel that one who entertains
the sentiments expressed in these resolutions
should be willing to retain his connection with
men of whose purpose and character he has so low
an estimate. In these resolutions, the Senator
from Kentucky declares in substance that you
and I, arid those who act with us, sustaining tire
Administration and sharing the responsibility of
much of its policy and many of its acts, are play-
ing a false and perjured part before the country,
that we profess one thing and mean another; that
while we hypocritically pretend that we are strug-
gling to save the country, we are really endeavor-
ing to destroy it. He does not content himself
with denouncing our policy and admitting the
rectitude of*>ur intentions. He charges us with
deliberate treachery to our principles and to our
country. Well, Mr. President, I have no doubt
that he thinks so. 1 cannot conceive that a man
would introduce such a tirade as this into the
Senate, that he would prefer such a bill of indict-
ment unless he believed that it was true; and I
never have known or heard anything of the Senator
from Kentucky that permits me to doubt his
honesty. Whatever effect, therefore, these reso-
lutions may have upon my opinion of his judg-
ment and Ins discretion and his taste, they do not
in any degree shake my confidence in his honesty,
and if he thinks so I do not wish to restrain him
from saying so. It does not hurt you nor me.
Your constituents will not believe it of you; mine
will not of me; the country will not of either. The
Senator from Kentucky mightas well say thatyou
are an elephant and that I am an ostrich as to tell
the people that we are guilty of the charges rained
down upon us in this last resolution; or that we,
and those who act with us, are not endeavoring
with good intentions, liable to err, liable to pas-
sion, liable to prejudice—as even the Senator from
Kentucky will admit that he himself may be—to
promote the public interest.
I am not indifferent to the opinions of others;
especially not to the opinions of those with whom
I am associated in this great council of the nation.
I would like to have the good opinion of the Sen-
ator from Kentucky; but I find myself in excel-
lent company under his censure, and his denun-
ciation is divided among so many that it falls lightly
upon my head. I am not, therefore, disposed to
respond by any vindictive measure to the resolu-
tions of the Senator, so far as their mere impro-
priety and indecorum are considered.
There is another view of the question. These
resolutions appeal to the people of the North and
of the South to " revoltagainst their war leaders."
This language, in its obvious signification, is
something more than improper and indecorous.
It may be fairly called insurrectionary; I say in
its obvious signification and without any expla-
nation. In the early part of the last Congress, the
Senator who introduced these resolutions sought
the expulsion of his colleague for words spoken
at political meetings and in public addresses. So
far as I can recollect, he adduced nothing spoken
by his colleague at all comparable to these reso-
lutions, nothing so much calculated to discourage
the loyal and to encourage the rebel cause. And
I can find an excuse for the Senator on the other
side of the Chamber that 1 cannot find for the Sen-
ator on this. The former had tjie great misfor-
tune to be born a Democrat. We should look
With charity upon thisaccident of birth. Hewas
educated in that school of politics which leads di-
rectly to secession and rebellion. In his tender
years, when he should have been instructed in the
principles of Washington and Adams and Frank-
lin, of Clay and Webster, he was imbued with
the pestilent theories of South Carolina and the
damnable heresies of Calhoun. When he came
to this Chamber he naturally fell into the asso-
ciation of those men who are now the chiefs of
the rebellion. It required greater virtue of him
than would nave been demanded of a man better
educated to break'away from such bad company.
Mr. POWELL. My friend from Rhode Island
will allow me to interrupt him. If he means to
suggest that I ever favored secession, I beg to re-
9d
mind him that I have never held to the doctrine
of the riijht of a State to secede.
Mr. ANTHONY. I did not say thatthe Sen-
ator entertained those views, but I say he was
brought up in that political school whose doctrines,
in my opinion, lead directly and legitimately to
rebellion and secession. I know the Senator does
not go that far, and I think it showed much virtue
in him to break away from those men.
Mr. POWELL. I readily admit that I was a
great admirer of the genius of Mr. Calhoun, but
in the matter of nullification and secession I al-
ways differed from him. On other matters I did
concur with him pretty fully.
Mr. ANTHONY. But the other Senator from
Kentucky [Mr. Davis] was brought up in a dif-
ferent school. He was educated in the faith of
the fathers of the Republic. He was the friend
and the pupil of that great man whose name alone
would have made Kentucky illustrious, even if
she had not so many other sons to be proud of.
He has spenthis lifein warring against the Dem-
ocratic party; and yet now, in his attempt to put
down an Administration which is burdened with
responsibilities such as no previous Administra-
tion has sustained, and which is entitfed to the
forbearance and the magnanimity of its opponents
as no otherAdministration ever was, he announces
his readiness to strike hands with the men who
hunted Henry Clay to the grave, who assailed his
reputation with their slanderous tongues as long
as he lived, and have insulted his memory with
their disgustirio; praises ever since he died.
But, Mr. President, the Senator who sits
nearest me did not convince me that his colleague
ought to be expelled^and I voted against the res-
olution to that effect. Nor do I think that he
himself should be expelled or censured for these
resolutions. I think we are bound to take them
with his explanation; and although their most ob-
vious meaning may be insurrectionary, this is not
their necessary and inevitable meaning. We are
bound to accept the reasonable explanations of the
mover; the more so as these explanations are in
accordance with his previous declaration and con-
duct. The Senator declares that he offers the res-
olutions in no such spirit, and that he agrees to no
such interpretation. I believe him; of course I
do. I do not believe that'the Senator from Ken-
tucky would stand in his place and make a false
statement. I am sorry, to judge from his resolu-
tions, thathcbelievesthat youand I would; hesays
thnt it is our purpose <£ to proclaim a mock free-
dom to the slaves," to " enslave the white man,"
to u trample under foot the Constitution and the
law," which we have solemnly sworn to support.
1 hardly know whether such charges move most
my indignation or my ridicule, whether the atro-
city or the absurdity of the accusations predom-
inates; but they shall not move me to injustice;
nor will 1 retaliate by charging him with falsehood
in the interpretation which he gives to them; for
I do not believe him capable of it. While, there-
fore, 1 have felt bound to. say that these resolu-
tions, under any interpretation of which they are
susceptible, are most improper and indecorous,
I certainly do not thtok that they should cause
the expulsion of the mover, or a vote of censure
tvhich would be tantamount to an expulsion.
That punishment, which is the severest that can
be inflicted upon a Senator, should be reserved for
the grave&t. offenses, and should be administered
with judicial carefulness. I cannot but think that
when the Senator from Kentucky comes, in his
calmer moments, to reflect upon the injustice that
he has done to his associates m this Chamber he
will find in his regret at the act a penalty at least
fully proportionate to any injury that the resolu-
tions have inflicted upon us.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Mr. President, the
Senate need labor under no apprehension that at
this stage of the session I shall detain them more
than a very few moments; yet I feel it is due to
the gravity of the occasion that I should in the
briefest possible mode present to the Senate the
reasons which will influence my vote.
The question as now presented, as it strikes me,
is simply this: the Senator from Kentucky intro-
duced a series of resolutions which were ordered
to be printed by the Senate* and after the lapse
of some ten or fifteen days a resolution was in-
troduced by the Senator from Massachusetts -for
his expulsion for words used in those resolutions,
and the words cited are that the Senator from
Kentucky in, I think, the thirteenth resolution ad-
vises the people North and South to revolt against
their war leaders and take the Government of the
country into their own hands. These are the
words specified in the resolution of the Senator
from Massachusetts, and upon which the vote of
the Senate is to be had.
A general construction of all the resolutions
has entered into the debate, but the resolution of
expulsion seems to lay the most stress upon those
words which are recited, and to which I have
just referred. If I believed with the Senator from
Massachusetts that this was an attempt to incite
the people to a forcible, armed resistance to the au-
thorities of the General Government in this hour
of its extreme peril, I should be prepared to vote
with him for expulsion.
Then the Senator from Michigan moves an
amendment, to substitute for the word "expul-
sion" the word ucensured." Ifl believed with
him that the intention of the Senator from Ken-
tucky was disloyal and that his resolutions tended
to invito insurrection, I should be prepared to
vote for a resolution of censure. But 1 do not
believe that either construction is correct,because
I take the word of the Senator from Kentucky,
whom I have known as long as I have known
myself. My earliest memory of that distinguished
Senator mingles with the memory of my sainted
father, whom I lost long, long years ago; and
whatever else that Senator may be, he is true and
he is brave, and I take his construction of his lan-
guage in preference to any construction which
may be placed upon it by others. I will not vote
cither to expel or to censure a Senator for language
used here, within any proper limits, with proper
regard to the dignity of the Senate and the cour-
tesy of the body, whether that language is em-
ployed in resolutions or in debate. I cannot
do it.
I recollect but a few short years ago when the
bludgeon of the desperado was invoked to silence
free discussion upon this floor. 1 denounced that
effort to destroy free discussion here in the Senate
of the United States; nor am I willing to-day to
use a weapon more fatal to the reputation than the
bludgeon of the desperado—a vote of censure or
expulsion from this body. What is it to be as-
sassinated by the blow of the desperado or the
bludgeon of the assassin, compared with that stain
which you place upon a Senator by expulsion or
by a deliberate vote of censure? I will not strike
down the freedom of discussion either by a blow
from the bludgeon or by a vote of the Senate of
the United Slates; nor do I believe this body will
for one single moment tolerate any such course.
The party now in power owes its origin to the
love which the people had for freedom and for
free discussion. This great party now in power
was born from the agitations growing out of the
repeal of the Missouri Compromise, and in that
whole contest " free speech and a free press" was
emblazoned on eveiy banner,and in that sign we
conquered Nor can we depart from our own
teachings by striking down here in this high body
freedom of discussion and freedom of the press.
I shall give no vote which has any tendency to
stifle free discussion. I have given no vote here
of which I am ashamed; I shall give no votehere
which does not agree with my conscientious con-
victions of right, and I appeal to the scrutinyand
the reason of the present and the higher judg-
ments and retributions of hereafter. I do not fear
to shun any discussion.
It is needless for me, after a two years' service
in this body, to say that 1 do not agree with any
single one of the resolutions offered by the Sena-
tor from Kentucky; but I think the best way to
answer them is to debate them and vote upon
them, and let the country with free and unbiased
