2392
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 21,
Jenckes, Philip Johnson, William Johnson, Kalbfleisch,
Xn«pp,Law, Long, Maiiory, Marcy, McAllister, McBride,
McIutJoe,WHliam H. Miner, Moorhesid, Morrison,Leonard
Myers. Nelson, Norton, John O'Neill, Perry, Pike, Pome-
Xoy9 Pruyn, Alexander H. Rice.Scofield,Shannon,Smith-
ers, Spalding. William G. Steele, Stevens, Stiles, Strouse,
Stuart, Sweat, Tiacy, Upson, Wadswortli, Ward, Elihu
J5. Washbume, Webster, Whaley, Wheeler, Joseph W.
White, Wilson, Fernando Wood,andYe;tman—68.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, John I). Baldwin, Brooks,
William G. Brown, Cobb, Co#roth, Dawes, Donnelly,
Driggs, Eliot, Grinnell, Hale, Charles M. Harris, Herrick,
Higby, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard, Julian,
Kasson, Kelloy, Francis W. Kellogg, Orlando Kellogg,
Kernan, King, Loan, Longyear, McClurg, James R. Mor-
ris, Amos Myers, Noble, CharlesO'Neill, Orth, Patterson,
Perham, Price, Radford, William H. Randall, John H. Rice,
Ross, ^chenck, Smith, Thayer, William B. Washburn,
Wilder. Windom, and Wooribridge—48.
So the motion was agreed to.
The House thereupon (at a quarter to four
0*cl0ck p. m.) adjourned till Monday next.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, May 21, 1864.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Or. Bowman.
The Journal of yesterday was read andapproved.
SENATOR FROM ARKANSAS.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I present the creden-
tials of,Hon. William M. Fishback, elected a
member of this body from the State of Aikansas,
which I ask to have read. As the Senate is not
full to-day, on consultation with some other Sen-
ators, I will not make a motion that Mr. Fish-
back be sworn in as a member until Monday.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. *The creden-
tials will be read for information.
The Secretary read them, as follows:
State of Arkansas, to wit:
The Gi-ueral A&sembly of this State on the 5th day of
May, 1864, having. In purbuance with thn Constitution of
the United States of America, chosen William M. Fish-
3B.fc.ca a Senator of the, United States to fiU the uuexpirt'd
t* rm of William K. Sebastian,
Therelore. I, Jsaac Murphy, Governor of the State of
Arkausa>, do hereby ceitu'y the same to the Senate ot the
Uutit'd States.
r* « i Given under my hand and the seal of the State of
' J Arkansas, this 7th day of May, 1884.
ISAAC MURPHY,
Governor of Jlrkansas.
By the Governor:
Robert J. T. White, Secretary of State.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The creden-
tials will lie upon the table.
Mr. WAULiSBURY. I wish to make an in-
quiry of the Chair whether this would be the
proper time, or on Monday, when it ia suggested
the motion will be made to swear in the Senator
from Arkansas, to move to refer these creden-
tials to I lie Committee nn the Judiciary with power
to inquire into the- election and qualifications of
the person who is proposed to be admitted as a
member of the body. If Monday will be the
proper time 1 will wait until Monday, and then
if any other Senator desires to make the motion
X will not make u.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. There is tio question
as to tin* regularity of the ciedentials. Accord-
ing to tlie precedent established in the session be-
fore the lust, I think the proper motion would be
to refer the motion to swear in the member.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 should like to be informed
as to what the proposition before the Senate is.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is no
distinct proposition betore the Senate.
Mr. HOWARD. Then if it be in order 1
move that the Senate proceed to the considera-
tion of the ord«*r of the day, the unfinished busi-
ness of yesterday, the Pacific railroad bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is not
now in order.
Mr. CONNESS. Prior to that motion, I move
that the credentials presented be referred to the
Committee on thu Judiciary.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I ask the Senate not
to act on that motion immediately. I should like
the whole question to come up on Monday.
Mr. CONNESS. 1 am perfectly willing that
the motion shall he over.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That course
will be taken if there be no objection. The cre-
dentials will lie, with the motion, on the table.
COMMISSIONER OP PUBLIC BUILDINGS.
Mr. FOOT. I move, and I ask the indulgence
of the Senate, to take up for consideration at this
time Senate bill No. 43, relating to the office of
Commissioner of Public Buildings; and on that
motion I have a word of remark by way of ex-
planation.
This bill has been on .'the Calendar for more
than four months. It has been twice taken up
for action, partially considered, and superseded
by the special orders. 1 have deferred, on sev-
eral occasions, calling it up for action, in defer-
ence to the wishes and convenience of the Sena-
tors from Indiana, at their request, in consequence
of the absence of one of the Senators at the time,
not being disposed to take any advantage of the
absence of any Senator who felt an interest in this
question. I therefore move to take it up for con-
sideration at this time. If the motion is carried,
when the bill is before the Senate, I shall very
cheerfully give way for the introduction of the
ordinary business of the morning hour.
Mr. COLLAMER. I had hoped that the un-
finished business of the morning hour of yester-
day, being the bill for the establishment of a line
of ocean steamers to Brazil, might be taken up
this morning, if we took up anything except the
ordinary calls of the morning business. In the
state in which that bill stands unfinished, I desire
to have it closed.
Mr. FOOT. 1 will say in reply to the sugges-
tion of my colleague that this bill has been twice
up before, and partially considered, and super-
seded by the special ozders of the day and left
as the unfinished business twice, but there is no
rule giving precedence to the unfinished business
of the morning hour.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there any
objection to the present consideration of the bill?
The Chair hears none, and the bill is before the
Senate. With the indulgence of the Senatorfrom
Vermont the Chair will now receive petitions
and memorials.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. FOOT presented memorials of citizens of
the towns of Castleton and Milton, Vermont, and
a memorial of citizens of the town of Granville,
New Yoik, remonstrating against the extension
of the Goodyear patent for the manufacture of
vulcanized India rubber; which were referred to
the Committee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a memorial of citi-
zens of the State of Ohio, remonstrating against
the extension of the C&oodyear patent for the man-
ufacture of vulcanized India rubber; which was
referred to the Committee on Patents and the Pat-
ent Office.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPiierson, its Clerk, announced that
the House of Representatives had passed the fol-
lowing bills and joint resolution; m which it re-
quested the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (No. 161) for the relief of Josiah O.
Ai mes;
A bill (No. 195) for the relief of Margaret I..
Stevens, widow of General Isaac I. Stevens;
A bill (No. 240) making appropriations for the
current and contmgentexpenses of the Indian de-
partment, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with
various Indian tribes, for the year ending June
30, 1865;
A bill (No. 293) to provide for the payment of
the second regiment, third brigade, Ohio volun-
teer militia, during the time they were mustered
into rlie .service of the United States;
A bill (No. 314) for the relief of Harriet and
Emily W. Morris, unmarried sisters of the late
Commodore Henry W. Morris;
A bill (No 345) for the relief of Frederick A.
Beelen, late secretary of legation to Chili;
A bill (No. 346) for the relief of Dr. Charles
M. Wetherell;
A bill (No. 347) for the relief of Martha Jane
Skaggs;
A bill (No. 387) for the relief of Solomon Par-
sons;
A bill (No. 389) for the relief of Mary Shircliff;
A bill (No. 390) for the relief of Emily A. Lyon;
A bill (No. 391) granting an invalid pension to
William Burns, of Ohio;
A bill (No. 392) for the relief of Edward Wil-
liams;
A bill (No. 394) for the relief of Mary Scales
Accardi;
A bill (No. 419) for the relief of Peter Ander-
son, of the District of Columbia;
A bill (No. 436) grantinga pension to Rebecca
Scott, widow of Major John B. Scott, late of the
United States Army;
A bill (No. 461) for the relief of John C. Mc-
Connell;
A bill (No. 478) for the relief of Chailes M.
Pott; and
A joint resolution (No. 48) for the relief of
Aaron T. Doll.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills and joint resolution from
the House of Representatives were severally read
twice by their titles, and referred as indicated be-
low:
A bill (No. 1G1) for the relief of Josiah 0.
Armes—to the Committee on Claims.
A bill (No. 195) for the relief of Margaret L.
Stevens, widow of General Isaac I. Stevens—to
the Committee on Indian Affairs.
A bill (No. 240) making appropriations for the
current and contingent expenses of the Indian
department, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations
with various Indian tribes, for the year ending
June 30, 1865—to the Committee on Finance.
A bill (No. 293) to provide for the payment of
the second regiment, third brigade, Ohio volun-
teer militia, during the time they were mustered
into the service of the United States—to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
A bill (No. 314) for the relief of Harriet and
Emily W. Morris, unmarried sisters of the late
Commodore Henry W. Morris—to the Commit-
tee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 345) for the relief of Frederick A.
Beelln, late secretary of legation to Chili—to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
A bill (No. 34G) for the relief of Doctor Charles
| M. Wetherell—to the Committee on Agriculture.
A bill (No. 347) for the relief of Martha Jane
Slcaggs—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 387) for the relief of Solomon Par-
sons—to the Committee on Claims.
A bill (No. 389) for the relief of Mary Shircliff
—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 390) for the relief of Emily A.
Lyon—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 391) granting an invalid pension to
William Burns, of Ohio—to the Committee on
Pensions.
A bill (No. 392) for the relief of Edward Wil-
liams—to the Committee on Pensions.
A hill (No. 394) for the relief of Mary Scales
Accardi—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 419) for the relief of Peter Ander-
son, of the District of Columbia—to the Commit-
tee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 43C) granting a pension to Rebecca
Scott, widow of Major John B. Scott, late of the
United Slates Army—to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
A bill (No. 461) for the relief of John C. Mc-
Connell—to the Committee on Claims.
A bill (No. 478) for the relief of Charles M.
Pott—to the Committee on Pensions.
A joint resolution (No. 48) for the relief of
Aaron T. Doll—to the Committee on Claims.
A bill (No. 477) to abolish the collection dis-
tricts of Cape Perpetua and Port Orford.
Mr. CHxYNDLER. I ask that that bill be put
on its passage. The committee have already re-
ported a similar bill. There are only two lines
to it, and I ask unanimous consent to put it on
its passage now.
Mr. NESMITH. I prefer that the bill should
be passed over.
The PRESIDENT protempnrr. It will be re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce..
COMMISSIONER OF rUBLIC BUILDINGS.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (S. No. 43) relating to the office of Commis-
sioner of Public Buildings, the question being on
ordering it to be engrossed for a third reading.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Mr. President, it will
be remembered that when this subject was last
before the Senate I spoke somewhat at length and
gave the reasons for my opposition to this bill.
I do not desire now to trespass on the time of the
Senate by repeating those reasons. I am moie
and more satisfied, however, by subsequent re-
flection that I was correct in those conclusions.
I wish now simply to have a letter of the Secie-
tary of the Interior, addressed to the committee,
