370
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
judgment decide between us. If this were the
proper occasion, I might be called into a defense
of those acts of the Administration which are so
bitterly denounced by the Senator from Ken-
tucky. I do not believe it to be the proper occa-
sion. It i£ enough for me to say to-day that
whatsoever they may be, the Senator disclaims
all disloyalty, and-I accept that disclaimer. Rec-
ollect the retributions of history; recollect that
the majority of to-day may be the minority of
to-morrow; recollect the high destiny which 1
trust yet awaits this country; and I ask you not
here to establish a precedent which hereafter may
silence the voice of liberty in these Halls. I do
not agree, perhaps, with a single sentiment con-
tained in all these resolutions; but I believe in the
freedom of discussion, the utmost freedom of dis-
cussion.
I do not believe that disloyalty was intended by
the Senator from Kentucky. 1 cannot believe it,
for I know full well the past history of that Sen-
ator. In October, 1862, when the rebel army
invaded the great State of Kentucky, threatened
Louisville and Cincinnati, and when, with the ex-
ception of a few volunteer troops, amounting to a
few hundred men, we had no forcc to meet them,
I myself saw the Senator from Kentucky one
hundred miles from his own home with a musket
upon his shoulder, a private in the ranks, drilling
four hours a day, ready to meet pointto point the
invaders of Kentucky; I know that that Senator
to-day has seven nephews nobly fighting in the
ranks of the republican Army, many of whom
have been distinguished; I know that he is the
objectof attack, of slander, of persecution,by the
disloyal element in the State of Kentucky; arid
because 1 differ from him here I will not expel
him from this body for the free expression of his
opinions. I know that the vote I feel compelled to
give on this question may be misunderstood, may
be misrepresented at home; but I have a higher
duty, a holier work to perform than to minister
to the public sentiment at home. I walk at peace
with the man within; I have the approbation of
my own conscience; and I defy misrepresentation
and calumny
Mr. FESfcJENDEN. I propose to say a word
or two on this subject, although really it seems to
be imposing on the Senate to do so. Yet, after all,
the question, as it lias been presented, is one of
importance; and, as we are acting somewhat in a
judicial character, perhaps it may not be amiss
to say a very few words.
Mr.. President, I shall vote both against the
amendment and against the original resolution. I
will neither vote to expel the Senator from Ken-
tucky nor to censuie him. J ihuik either is a very
grave thing to do. Whenever we undertake to
do either, it should be on grounds that admit of
very little or no question. Having come to that
conclusion, that 1 wilt vole both against the mo-
tion to expel and the motion to censure, I cannot
for myself but express my regret that the attempt
has been made to do cither.
My view of the resolutions of the Senator from
Kentucky is very simple. They consist of two
kinds of resolutions: one may be designated as a
mere string of truisms in part, and the restofthem
are merely abuse. In some degree they are a
matter of taste. Senators have different modes of
gaining immortality, and each one selects the
mode that he thinks bestsuited to himself. Some
make speeches, interminable speeches, and some
lay resolutions on the table almost equally inter-
minable; some read orations, and some present
bills, and some do the whole. The Senator from
Kentucky seems to indulge in all these modes, as
he has an undoubted right to do. Tu be sure, it
may be rather severe upon the Senate sometimes,
but that we must all submit to. It is a matter that
we hove no choice about, because in that particu-
lar this is a sort of " liberty hall," and each gen-
tleman, of course, has the right to follow hiaown
taste and his own judgment. But, sir, with ref-
erence to the resolutions themselves, and especi-
ally the particular resolution which is adverted to
in the resolution of expulsion, I have read it care-
fully, and I am unable to see m it that which is so
offensive to some Senators. Taken as a whole,
the particular part of it I think is not subjcct to
the construction which is placed upon it by the
resolution of expulsion; and I think, therefore, it
did not need the disclaimer which has been made
of any such meaning as was attributed to it, on
the part of the Senator from Kentucky. It is a
very common rule of construction that we must
take the whole of a sentence in order to get at its
meaning. There may be offensive words and
yet they may be so qualified by other words with
which they are connected that they cease to be
offensive, or cease to have the meaning which
would be given to them under other circumstances
and in other connections.
Now, sir, that thirteenth resolution, which is the
only one pointed out in the'"resolution of expul-
sion offered by the Senator from Massachusetts,
is to be sure somewhat offensive in its mode of ex-
pression, but, as I have said before, I think it can-
not fairly be construed to mean that the Senator
invites the people of the United States or any por-
tion of them to rebel, in the sense in which that
word is generally used. The language is this:
" Verily, the people North and the people South ought to
revolt agiunst their war leaders."
Suppose it had ended there; would the Senator
from Massachusetts have deemed it worth while
on that to offer a resolution of expulsion? The
word "revolt," as has been justly remarked by
many Senators, has several meanings; and one of
its meanings, and its natural meaning under those
circumstances, would be to oppose their war lead-
ers. It does not point out the mode of opposi-
tion; it does not call on the people to rebel, to
rise in arms, to be guilty in any way of'any ille-
gality that 1 can perceive, necessarily; and in a
grave proceeding like this we must take the ne-
cessary construction. It must be such a one as
there can be no doubt about at all. Then the
resolution continues:
"And take this great matter into tiieir own hands."
Taking that sentence as it stands to that effect
it might look something toward the construction
which the resolution of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts has put upon it; but everybody must sec
that the words m one.part of a sentence may be
very much qualified by words in another; and the
purpose for which they arelo revolt and take the
matter into their own hands becomes material.
What is that purpose? The purpose is all avowed
in the same sentence, and is a part of it. The Sen-
ator from Kentucky explains it:
"The people Noiili ami the people South ought to revolt
against their war leaders, and take this gieat mattei into
thoir own hands."
And do what? Raise a icbellion; incite to a rev-
olution; disobey or defy the laws or the constitu-
ted authorities? Not at all.
"And elect members to a national convention of all the
States to terminate a war that is enriching," See.
That is the object; that is all they are called
upon to do, to take the matter into their own
hands and elect members to a national convention
of all the States. Is it to be presumed that the
Senator fiom Kentucky meant that this national
convention should do anything contrary to the
laws of the land? Are we to take it for granted
and to assume that a national convention thus
called by the people of the United States would
nocessaiily proclaim a revolution, defy the Gov-
ernment, disobey the laws, or do anything ille-
gal ? Not at all. We have no right to form any
such conclusion.
I look at that resolution as nothing more nor
less than a strong mode of saying,i( This state of
things is intolerable; weoughttobeantnolonger
without resistance in some form; and the people
therefore should be called upon to meet in a na-
tional convention and devise measures to term-
inate the war." In my judgment, that is nil there
is of it. It may be that I am too liberal, that I
am too moderate, tlTat 1 do not see what is to be
seen, and what is really intended; but on a scru-
tiny of the sentence itself, taking it as a whole,
according to the rules of construction that I have
been in the habit of applying to language, I can-
not see that, necessarily, anything more is im-
plied; and that is a perfectly legal purpose, al-
though the language used is strong language, and
taken separately and the worst construction put
on every word, in the view and meaning of Scn-
atois, it might perhaps bear another construc-
tion.
That, then, being the construction which I put
upon it, it governs me, of course. I see nothing,
therefore, in it which would render it necessary
for me to conclude, even if then I should feel justi-
fied in voting: for his expulsion that the Senator
from Kentucky, in drafting this resolution and
submitting it to the Senate, ever meant to call oh
the people of the United States to do anything
that was illegal or, in that sense of the word, im-
proper. Thinking thus, and that being the only
part of the series of resolutions that has been se-
lected by the mover of the resolution for expul-
sion as making a foundation for a proceeding of
this kind, it is satisfactory tome. Iam convinced
there is nothing else in the resolutions or the keen
eye of the Senator from Massachusetts would
have discovered it. I certainly have been able to
discover nothing else of the kind in the resolu-
fions.
Now, sir, clearly, with this view, Icannotthink
for a moment of voting to expel the Senator from
Kentucky; and I will go further and say that I
doubt very much, even if it was susceptible of the
construction which is put upon it by Senators,
and even if it was notdisclaimed, whether I should
be ready to vote for his expulsion. I can very
readily imagine a condition of things in any
country on the face of the earth whtn a Govern-
ment, the President, or if you please the ruling
power, the Executive, had become so obnoxious
to the people and was pursuing a course so dia-
metrically opposed to its interests that it might
be necessary in the Senate of the United States
or in the House of Representatives, or in both,
to say distinctly in the place which we occupy,
"I, from this place, call on the people of the
United States to resist this outrageous exercise of
power/' Relieving that those things may hap-
pen, and believing that there may be times in the
history of all countries, as there perhaps have been
in the history of some, when the strongest and the
boldest and the most decisive language with re-
gard to opposition to the Government not only
might be used with propriety, but ought to be
used, I cannot say, I am not prepared to say that a
Senator for using language even of that description
in his place ought necessarily to be expelled; for
we cannot undertake to judge of the impressions
that may be made upon the mind and the heart of
a man by acts from the impressions made upon our
mauls and our hearts by the same acts. We must
judge somewhat of men as we see them. 1 do
not approve of many things that have been said
by the Senator from Kentucky on this floor. I
think that at times he has been' violent and un-
reasonable m his attacks upon the Administration
and upon the majority here; but he does not think
so; and becausc I think so, am I not bound to
look somewhat at his previous history as known
to myself in order to judge of what may be his
intentions?
Sir, I have known the Senator from Kentucky
for many years. I was associated with him in the
other House of Congress. I have been associated
with him here. There we were in perfect accord;
here we are not; but I must say in my conscience,
and I say it with pleasure, that nothing that the
Senator has said here or done here, since he has
been a member of this body, much as I may dis-
approve what he has said and done on several oc-
casions, has for a single moment led me to doubt
his devotion to the cause of the country, and his
hatred of and his determination to oppose this re-
bellion. I believe him to be a loyal man. But
because he differs-with meupon many questions,
because he feels wjth reference to many things
as I do not feel, I am not disposed, necessarily,
therefore, tojudge him harshly; becausewemust
all reflect that on these great questions which so
excite him we are not situated as he is and has
been. I have been disposed to make much allow-
ance for Senators coming from another section of
the country from myself, attached to an institu-
tion, perhaps, which I hate, and feeling, perhaps,
that their own rights and the rights of their con-
stituents were in danger. I regret that it is the
case with regard to the honorable Senator from
Kentucky. His attachment to this institution
seems to have perverted his judgment; and its
I tendency always is and always has been, within
j my observation, to pervert the judgment of any
j man and to obliterate the distinctions between good
1 and evil.
Now, sir, with regard to a point taken by my
colleague, that there was a difference between
written resolutions and spoken words in debate,
I cannot recognize the distinction. It is all debate
as we consider it. Let my colleague consider for
a moment. It is nothing but the opinions of a
