1416
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 5,
States stocks, and to provide for the circulation
and redemption thereof, and had come to no con-
clusion theieon.
Mr. ALLEY. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to set apnrfnext Friday week after
the morning: hour for the reception of reports from
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Objection was made.
Mr. ALLEY. I move to suspend the rules for
the purpose indicated.
And then, on motion of Mr. STEVENS, (at
half past four o'clock, p. m.,) the House ad-
journed,
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, Jlpril 5, 1S64.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday Waft read and approved.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The VICE PRESIDENT signed the enrolled
bill (S. No. 80) to provide for the better organ-
ization of Indian affairs in California; which had
heretofore roccived the signature of the Speaker
of the House of Representatives.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The joint resolution (H. R.No. 58) relative to
the substitution of monarchical for republican
government in Mexico under European auspices,
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Foregn Relations.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a letter of the Secretary of the Interior, trans-
mitting a copy of a communication from the Sec-
retary of War, and a copy of a report fiom the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs upon the subject
of providing means of subsistence for the Navajo
Indians of New Mexico, upon a reservation at
the " Bosque Rodondo" on the Pecas river, and
recommending an appropriation to effect the <>b-
jectcontemplated; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
Seriate a report of the Secretary of the Interior,
communicating, in answer to a resolution of the
Senate of the l()ih of* March, copies of papers on
file in that Department relating to the treaty with
the Kickupoo Indians, concluded June 28, 1862,
and the action taken by that Department to carry
the treaty into effect; which was referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
rKTlTlONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. WILLE Y presented the memorial of Fran-
cis I. Brooke, piaying for compensation for cer-
tain supplies furnished to the United States army
under the command of Generals Hanks and Pupe
in Virginia in JrfU2; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. COiNNESS presented the memorial of the
American Ethnological Society of New York,
praying that a commission be sent to eastern
Asia for diplomatic, commercial, scientific, and
ngricuUuial purposes, as proposed by Or. D. J.
M&cgowan; which was referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SUMNER presented a memorial of the offi-
cers of the Eastern and Fitch burg railroads m Mas-
sachusetts, remonstrating against the extension of
the patent of Charles Goodyear for the nianufae-
tuie ot vulcanized India rubber; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Patents and the Patent
Office.
He also presented a memorial of directors of
the Boston and Lowell, and Nashua and Lowell
railroads remonstrating against the extension of
the patent of Charles Goodyear for the manufac-
ture of vulcanized India rubber; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Patents and the Patent
Office.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. HARRIS, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to whom was referred a bill (S. No. 171)
further to amend an act entitled "An act for the
collection of direct taxes in the insurrectionary
districts within the United States,"and for other
purposes, approved June 7,1862, reported it with
amendments.
Mr. CLARK, from the Committee on Finance,
to whom the subject was referred, reported a bill
(S. No. 217) for the relief of Wairen W. Green;
which was read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. HARDING, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred a petition of citi-
zens of Contra Costa county, California, praying
to be authorized by law to institute legal proceed-
ings to try the validity of their titles to certain
lauds settled and occupied by them, asked to be
discharged from its further consideration; which
was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (H. R. No. 271) for the relief
of the settlers upon certain lands in California,
reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a petition of citizens of California,
praying for the right to enter in the land offices
in that State the lands upon which theyare loca-
ted, known as the Galbraith claim,reported abill
(S. No. 216) to grant the right of preemption to
certain settlers on the "Rancho Bolsa de To-
males," in the State of California; which was
read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. DIXON, from the Committeg'on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom was referred a bill
(S. No. 167) to incorporate an insurance com-
pany in the city of Washington, reported it with
amendments.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 215) for the relief of the sufferers at Law-
rence, Kansas, by the Quantrell raid of July 21,
1863; which was read twice by its title and re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
MARSHAL OF DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. HALE submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved, Th;it the Secretary of the Interior he instructed
to inktrm the Henrtte !!', since the p>v-s ge of a law creating
the ofiice oi w;u dun of the jail m the Di-trict of Columbia,
there iirw horn any neglect or rem-al of the marshal of the
Uisii ict lo execute the laws ot flic District or judgment of
the courts.
SUPREME COURT DECISIONS.
Mr. ITARPJS. I ask leave, without previous
notice, to introduce a joint resolution in relation
to the publication of the decisions of the Supreme
Court of the United States, and I ask the indul-
gence of the Senate for a moment, while I make
a statement on the subject. An act of Congress
passed in 1842 provides that a compensation of
$1,300 per annum be paid to the reporter of the
Supreme Court, provided the decisions of the court
be published within six months after those de-
cisions are made. The Supreme Court is about
to ad [ourn. It has just appointed a leporter, and
it will be almost impracticable for him to publish
the decisions within the time limited by law. 1
therefore have prepared a joint resolution for the
purpose of dispensing with that condition for the
present year, and I ask for the present considera-
tion of the joint resolution.
Hy unanimous consent leave was granted to
introduce the joint resolution (S. No. 39) relating
to the publication of decisions of the Supreme
Comt of the United States for December term,
1863, and it was read twice by its title and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
vides that so much of the act of Congress, ap-
proved August 29, 1842, as declares that the re-
poi ter of the decisions of the Supreme Court shall
not be paid the compensation provided by that act
unless he piint and publish the decisions within
six months after they shall have been made, shall
not be held to apply to the decisions of December
term, 18G3, the picsent reporter not having been
appointed until near the close of the term.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suggest to the moverof
the joint resolution if there ought not to be a limit
as to the time within which the decisions shall be
published. Let the resolution say that the act
refuried to shall not apply to the decisions of the
present term, but that they shal? be published
within a certain time. If there was any occasion
for the original law there ought to be a time speci-
fied when the decisions of the present term shall
be published.
Mr. HARRIS. I had thought that for the pres-
ent year the reporter might be allowed all the
time that he should find requisite. This resolu-
tion only dispenses with the limitation for this
year, and then leaves the law of 1842 to stand as
it is. A new reporter has just come in, and he
has not had the opportunity of hearing the argu-
ments, and he undoubtedly will require a little
more time, and I do not think it worth while for
the present year to limit him.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If there was everany oc-
casion for a limit and a requirement that the de-
cisions should be published within a certain time,
certainly the reason for that requirement exists
in reference to the decisions of the present term
as much as any other term. Manifestly, the joint
resolution is very proper, to give him an oppor-
tunity to prepare these decisions; but why not
give him a year to do it in, or put in a limitation
of six months from the present time? I think
some limit should be fixed. I do not know why
the original law was passed.
I should suppose that the demand for the de-
cisions was such as to induce the reporter to get
them out at an early day; but it seems that some
years ago Congress acted on the assumption that
there was a necessity to provide that they should
be published within a given time, and 1 think if
there was any reason for that law, we should, in
extending the time for the present year, impose
some other limit.
Mr. HARRIS. I have no objection to limiting
the time to a year from now, if the Senator from
Illinois wishes that to be done.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I will move that
amendment. 1 move to amend the joint resolu-
tion by adding at the end of it the following pro-
viso:
Provided, That such decisions be published within on*
year from the passage of this joint resolution.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading, and was read the third time,
and passed.
PRINTING OF AN AMENDMENT.
Mr, ANTHONY. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to a bill now before the Senate, and there-
fore I will ask the Senate to take up the bill for
the purpose of allowing me to offer it and move
that it be printed. It is the bill (S. No. 20) for
the relief of justices of the Supreme Court of the
United States in cases therein described.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The order to print
will be made, if there be no objection, without
formally taking up the bill.
INDIAN RESERVATIONS IN UTAH.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 move to take up the bill
(H. R. No. 220) to vacate and sell the presentln-
dian reservations in Utah Territory, and to settle
the Indians of said Territory in the Uinta valley.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill. It requires the Secretary of the Interior
to cause the several Indian reservations hereto-
fore made or occupied as such in the Territory of
Utah, excepting Uinta valley, to be surveyed into
tracts or lots not exceeding eighty acres each, and
so situated as to best adapt them to the natural
facilities of the country for the purposes of irri-
gation, and upon the completion of such surveys
he is to cause those tracts or lots to be sold upon
sealed bids, to be duly invited by public adver-
tisement, to the highest and best bidder, and ap-
ply the proceeds of such sales to the construction
of improvements upon the reservations which
may be established under,the provisions of this
act, or by other lawful authority, or to the pur-
chase of stock, agricultural implements, or such
other useful articles as to him may seem best
adapted to the wants and requirements of the In-
dians; but no tract of land is to be sold underthe
provisions of this section for less than its ap-
praised value in cash, to be duly ascertained by
commissioners appointed by the Secretary of the
Interior for that purpose. The superintendent
of. Indian affairs /or the Territory of Utah is to
be required to collect and settle all or so many of
the Indians of the Territory as may be found
practicable in the Uinta valley, which is to beset
apart for the permanent settlement and exclusive
occupation of such of the different tribes of Indi-
ans of thcTerritory as may be induced to inhabit
the same. For the purpose of making agricultu-
ral improvements in the Uinta valley for the com-
fort of the Indians, and to enable them to become
self-sustaining by means of agriculture, the bill
appropriates the sum of $30,000, which sum is to
