1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
read, which will put the Senate in possession of
all the facts, and then so far as I am concerned I
am willing that the vote shall be taken.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The letter
will be read if there bo no objection.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Department op the Interior,
Washington, D. C., January 22,1864.
Sir: I have the honor herewith to communicate for the
information of yourself and the Committee on Public Build-
ings and Grounds of the Senate, copies of reports recently
made to me by the architect and superintendent of the
Capitol extension, and other papers, which explain to some
extent my action with reference to the matters to which
they relate.
It will be perceived from my letter to Mr. Walter of the
llih instant, (paper marked E,) that I was induced to call
for a report from him in consequence of the conveisation
you had held with me upon the subject. For the same
reason 1 directed Mr.West,the superintendent and disburs-
ing agent, to make the detailed report of expenditures here-
with furnished, marked B.
I presume I am not mistaken in the inference that Sen-
ate bill No. 43 was subsequently introduced by you in
consequence of your belief that there had been and was
stilt some mismanagement in the prosecution of the work
on the Capitol extension, and that the public interest re-
quired that not only that edifice but the Patent Office build-
ing also should be withdrawn from the supervision and
control of this Department and committed to the care of
the Commissioner of Public Buildings and Grounds. If
this Inference is correct, I am of course chargeable with
the supposed mismanagement.
That the work might have progressed with greater ra-
pidity and with more economy under the control of another
is quite possible; but I would gladly convince you, if the
fact will justify it, that my action in the premises has been
discreet, and that I have been actuated solely by a desire to
practice the utmost economy the nature ol the case would
justify. Since the work has-been under my control but
few contracts have been made. Those were for bricks and
coal.
Eveiy care was taken to conserve the public interests,
and I am confident the articles needed were procured at
the lowest possible rates. The principal contracts had all
been made when the work was first commenced, and I
had only to see that they were faithfully executed. You
will remember that, in consequence of the prohibitions
contained in certain recent acts of Congress against the
decoration and embellishment of the Capitol, by sculpture
or painting, or other works ot illustrated art, and with a
view to avoid what seemed to me an unnecessary expend-
iture of public money at this particular juncture of national
affairs, I suspended the execution of the contract with Mr.
Brumedi, for painting the canopy over the eye of the dome,
at an expense of $40,000, as soon as I had become aware
of its existence, until I was assured by you that the appto-
pnation made by the act of 3d March, 1863, expressly con-
templated that work of art, and that in consequence of such
assurance, and by your advice, I allowed Mr. Brumedi to
resume and continue his labors until I found that the woik
was not progressing in just proportion to the payments
which had been made to lum, when I directed that no fur-
ther advances should be made to him until the work should
justify it.
You will perceive fiom my letter to Mr. West, of the
1st of July, 1863, (paper maiked D,) that I entertained the
opinion that more economy could and ought to be attained
in the prosecution of the work on the Capitol extension
and new dome; and while the changes made in its man-
agement have not resulted in as great a reduction of ex-
penditure as I had anticipated, something has been saved
to the Treasury, and a mote thorough and satisfactory con-
trol ove^the work obtained.
I feel it my duty to say a word in justification of the
appointment of Captain West as general superintendent
and disbursing agent of the Capitol extension.
Mr. Ftench, the disbursing agent, and Mr. Walter, the
architect, adthessed a communication to this Department,
setting forth in strong terms the necessity then existing for
the appointment of a general superintendent possessing a
knowledge ot architectural design and of tho.se branches of
mechanical and mathematical science which relate to the
principles of construction and of the nature and property
of materials. A copy of that communication is herewith,
marked C. At the period of its date Mr. Huestis was the
superintendent of the stone work, but, notwithstanding
the skill in the art claimed for him, both those gentlemen
seem, then, to have been of the opinion that it was not ad-
equate for the purpo&e required. It came to my knowledge
that Messrs. French and Walter had previously concluded
to address a joint communication to my predecessor, ad-
vising him oi the incompetency of Mr. Huestisfor the posi-
tion he then held, but for ceilain reasons, other than a sat-
isfaction with his ability, postponed it. I found that the
returns made bv him as a ba-is for the adjustment of rhe
accounts of some of the contractors were not to be relied
upon, and that, in consequence of his incapacity, the hooks
ol the contractor themselves had to be refened to in outer
to a settlement of their claims against the Government;
and serious objections, not "necessary here to mention, ap-
pearing against other employes on the work, i determined
to have a thorough oveibauhng of the entire management,
and knowing that Captain West possessed ail the qual-
ifications foi *uch a general superintending as Messrs.
French and Waltei bad deeim-d necessary, I appointed
In in m the first place chief clerk, and, subsequently, dis-
bursing agent and general superintendent of the woik. lie
was an architect ol at least average skill in his profession,
having been a pupil of Mr. Walter, and had spent mucn
time upon thf* building and acquired a knowledge oi its
details. I knew him to be a scholar, and possessed of su-
perior clerical ability, and, withal, a man of the strictest
integrity and of more than ordinary capacity. He had been
recommended to the Piesident at the commcneeinont of
the present Administration by many Senatois and Repre-
sentatives, as well as prominent citizens of Washington
and Georgetown, for appointment to the office of Commis-
sioner of Public Buildings and Grounds. He had served
in the Army as assistant quartermaster to the entire satis-
faction of the Department until his health became seri-
ously and permanently impaiicd by exposure. He had
been favorably noticed in public orders, and complimented
by officers with whom he iT&d served for his fidelity and
efficiency. lie iiad manifested bis conscientious and dis-
interested sense of duty by preferring to resign his commis-
sion rather than to rcceive the pay of his rank'without
being able to perform the duties pertaining to it. I had
full laith in him. 1 wanted just such a man as I knew
him to be, and I appointed hnn. I also devolved upon him
the disbursement of the appropriation for the completion
of the Washington aqueduct, and thereby effected a further
saving of expense to the Government. In this connection
I may also state that since the 1st of March, 1863, Mr.
Walter, without additional compensation, has performed
the duties of architect of the Patent Office building, for
which a salary of $2,000 per annum had for some time
previously been paid. He was reluctant to supersede the
veiy acceptable and accomplished gentleman who then oc-
cupied that position, but I was determined to practice as
much economy as possible, and imposed those duties upon
him.
The accompanying copy of Mr. Walter's report to me of
the 14th instant, marked A, will show in detail the work
that has been done with the small appiopriation made at
the last session of Congress, and what remains to be done.-
itwill also appear therefiom that the only cause of failure
to finish the two eastern porticos and steps.of the Capitol
extension, before the assembling of the present Congress,
was the want of marble, which the contractor found it
impossible to supplvin time, and not the lesult of any
changes the Department saw proper to make in the super-
intendence and oiganization of the working parties.
The copy, herewith sent, of the report of the disburs-
ing agent and general superintendent, marked B, will ex-
hibit the total expenditures on the work, and also the cost
of the clcrical and other administrative torce employed on
the Capitol extension and new dome in each month of the
year 1863. Itwill he seen from it that while the entire ex-
penditures on the work from the 1st of January to the 30th
of June amounted to but £236,.>39 14, the cost of the cler-
ical and administrative force employed was $12,'215 75;
and that although the expenditures from the 1st of July (the
date when Captain West took charge as disbursing agent and
general superintendent) to the 31st of Decembei amounted
to §255,359 70, the cost of the clerical and administrative
force employed was only $9,081 57, showing an actual sav-
ing in six months of over $3,000 in the executive branches
of the work, and a saving, all things considered, of over
$7,000 per annum.
Until the year 1849 the Commissioner of Public Build
ingswas underthe supervision and control of the President
of the United States. It had then become manifest that
amidst his numinous legitimate cares of State it was im-
possible for the Piesident to exercise that proper and ne-
cessary supervision over the acts, expendituies, &c., of
the Commissioner ot Public Buildings as was called for by
the theory and practice of our Government towaid all dis-
bursing officers and agents, and by the ninth section of the
act of the 3d March, 1849, creating this Department, that
officer was placed underthe cotiuol of the Secretary of the
Interior by the enactment in the following words:
" Sec. 9. Jind be it further enacted, That the supervisory
and appellate powers now exeicised by the Piesident of
the United St.ues over the Commissioner of Public Build-
ings shall be exeicised by the. Secretary of the Interior,
who shall sign all requisitions for the advance or payment
of money out of the Treasury, on estimates or accounts,
subject to the same adjustment or control now exercised
on similar estimates or accounts by the First Auditor and
First Comptroller of the Treasury: Provided, That noth-
ing in this section contained shall be construed to take from
the Presiding Officers of the two Houses of Congress the
power now possessed by them to make and enfoice Jules
and regulations tor the carc, preservation, orderly keeping,
and police of the Capitol, and its appuitenances." (See.
volume 9 Statutes, p. 396.)
Until the year 1854, the Commissioner of Public Build-
ings transmitted lus estimates and made his annual reports
to Congress direct. Rut in that year, and while the pies-
erit incumbent held that office, Congiess saw fit to enaetthe
fifteenth section ot the appiopriation act of August 4,1854,
winch is in these words:
"Sec. 15. Jlnd be it further en acted, That hereafter the
warden of the penitentiary of the United States for the
District of Columbia and the Commissioner of Public
Buildings and Grounds shall make to the Secretary of the
Interior annually, in time to accompany the annual mes-
sage of the Piesident to Ooneiev*, report of theii opera-
tions for the preceding year, and of the manner in which
all appiopnations have been applied respectively; and that
all estimates of the Commissioner of Public Buddings and
Grounds shall hereaftei be approved and submitted by the
Secretary oi the fnteiior annually, through the Treasiiiy
Department, as other estimates, to the two Houses of Con-
gress. And further, that all appiopnations which ate herein
made, or may be hereafter made, lor repairs '>r improve-
ments of the public buildings, gioutids, and sticets within
the District of Columbia, and now undci the charge of the
Coinmi-siomr of Public IJuildiiur* and Grounds, shall be
expended nndei the duection of the Secretaiy ot the Inte-
rior; and that all laws or parts of laws inconsistent with
tin* section shall be, and rhe same are hereby, icpealcd/'
(Sec volume 10 United States Statutes at Large, pages 5«3,
°'on°the} 16th of April, 3862, Congicss enacted a joint res-
olution in the following words :
Resolved" * * •* * "That the supervision
of the Capitol extension and the erection of the new dome,
be, and the same is heieby, transferred from the War De-
partment to the Department of the fnteiior, and all unex-
pended money which has been heretofore appiopiiated, and
all money which may be hcreattei appropriated, foi either ot
the improvements heretofore mentioned, shall be c.Npended
under the direction and supervision of the Secretary oftije
Interior: Provided, That no money heretofore appropriated
§hall be expended upon the Cajiitol Uritil authoriaed ^y
Congress, except so much ;as fe necessary the
building from injury by the elements? ,$nd-lo conipi.etc.the
dome." {See volume 12, page'617, Statuses at Lariat „
Senate bill No. 43 proposes to repeaP&H 'flffe an|l OtWer
legislation, and to place the Capitol e;ftensi0ir>«Hri'i £$v
dome and Patent O.ffice budding,,and all ^ppropj|a|ioiis .
that may hereafter be made for public buildings auilgro^hds
belonging to the United State's, ih the city of W&sbitfgtOil,
under the controlof the Commissioner of PubheBuimings
and Grounds, who is to draw all his requisitions up; f£the &
Treasury direct, and to place his office untfer th£ supervif- f
ion and control of the President of the United,States. IIpjv
the President, with his multiplied cares and responsibili-
ties) can now exercise that supervision and control over
the acts and doings of the Commissioner of Public Build-
ings which he could not do prior to the year 1854, it is
difficult to perceive; nor, is it apparent from aijy public
considerations, why the office of Commissioner of Public
Buildings and Grounds should now be released from the
customary restraints and/ supervision which Congress
deemed it expedient and necessary by special enactment to
place over it in that year*. '
I beg to assure you that this communication ts not
prompted by any desire on my part to retain control *over,
or official connection with, these .public works or the of-
fice of Commissioner of Public Buildings and Grounds;
but simply to repel by a simple statement of facts the im-
plied censure of my official action in reference to them.
That Mr. French, the Commissioner of Public Buildings
and Grounds, was annoyed at my relieving him -of the duty
of disbursing the appropriation for the Capitol extension
and new dome, I am aware; but he had ceased t£ be le
gaily entitled to receive any compensation therefor, and I
knew that the ordinary duties of his office, if properly
performed, were sufficiently onerous to demand all his tinje
and attention ltncver occurred to me thathe would com-
plain of being relieved from a fiduciary trust Which yield-
ed him no emoluments, but only increased Ms labors and
responsibilities; and, even if it had, I should not have
been thereby deterred from making a change which-1
deemed to bo called for by the best interests of the Gov-
ernment.
It is, of course, quite immaterial to me whether the
supervision and control over the acts and expenditures of
the Commissioner of Public Buildings and Grounds re-
main with this Department or not, but that the public in-
terests require that such supervision and control should
be exercised by the President or the head of some one of
the Executive Departments, my experience places beyond
a doubt; and that it is wholly impossible for the President
to exercise it must, I think, be manifest. I beg to disclaim
any purpose of dictating as to what legislation is proper
or necessary on the subject, but am confident that a full
inquiry into all the facts will show conclusively that the
supervision I have exercised over his official acts lias re-
sulted beneficially to the public.
I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obe-
dient servant, J. P. USHER,
Secretary,
Hon. Soiomon Foot, V. S. Senate, Chairman of Commit-
tee on Public Buildings and Grounds.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The" question
is on ordering the bill to he engrossed and read
a third time.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I think that before
the bill passes that letter should be printed and
read by Senators. I should like to read it. I
will move that the further consideration of this
bill be postponed until Monday, and that the
letter of the Secretary be printed.
Mr. FOOT. I hope, sir, it will not be post-
poned for the third time. The Senators from
Indiana will bear me witness that I have exhibited
every courtesy and indulgence that could be rea-
sonably asked, and it has been delayed on that
account. I desired to meet their wish and their
convenience on this question, and hence it has
been delayed to this time after having been upon
the Calendar four months, twice taken up ahd
partially considered, and superseded by the spe-
cial order of the day. A postponement now would
be equivalent to a defeat of the bill, and I shduld
abandon all hope of getting it up again. This
letter was addressed to myself as chairman of the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds,
was read in committee, was delivered to the Sen-
ator from Indiana, [Mr. Lane,] and he has had
it in his possession from that timetothis. It has
been react in the hearing of the Senate, and will
be published of course in the debates of the body
as part of the speech or connected with the speech
of the Senator who introduced it, the Senator
from Indiana. I hope the bill will not be post-
poned.
If there are no further remarks to be made by
Senators in opposition to the bill, I will occupy,
with the indulgence of the Senate, a very brief
time in a general exposition again of the character
of the bill.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I have no objection to
withdraw my motion until the Senator makes his
speech.
Mr. FOOT. 1 had hoped, however, to hear all
