1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1417
be expended by the superintendent of Indian af- :
fairs for the Territory, under the instruction of
the Secretary of the Interior.
The Cotnmittee on Indian Affairs reported the
bill with amendments. The first amendment of
the committee was in section one,line seven, after
the word " each" to strike out the words " and so
situated as to best adapt them to the natural fa-
cilities of the country for the purposes of irriga-
tion," and to insert in lieu thereof, "under the
direction of the Commissioner of the General
Land Office."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
section one, line twelve, after the word "adver-
tisement," to insert:
For a period not Jess than-three months, in a newspaper
of general ciiculation published in the Territory of Utah,
and also a newspaper published in Washington.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
section one, line fifteen, after the words "best
bidder," to insert:
Said bids may be filed with the Governor of said Ter-
ritory at the seat of government tliPu>of,rtnd with the Sec-
retary of the Interior in Washington; Mich bids as may be
received by said Governor shall, without opening the same,
be forwarded to the Secietary of the Interior, when the
same, with the bids filed with him, shall be opened in the
presence of the Secretary of the Interior, the Commissioner
of Public Lands, nnd the Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
and any bidders who may choose, to he present at the open-
ing thereof.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
section one, line twenty-four, after the word "and"
to insert the words "the Secretary of the Interior."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in and or-
dered to be engrossed, and the bill to be read a
third time. It was read the third time, and passed.
APPROPRIATION OF CHURCH PROPERTY.
Mr. POWELL. I move to take up the reso-
lution I offeied a few days ago asking the Secre-
tary of War for certain information.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is an occasion for
an executive session for a few minutes on a mat-
ter that needs immediate attention. I move that
the Senate now proceed to the consideiation of
executive business.
Mr. POWELL. I hope the Senator will with-
draw that motion to allow this resolution to be
disposed of.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It will not detain us long,
and we shall be back in open session in a few
moments.
Mr. POWELL. It seems that every time I
attempt to take up this resolution something else
is interposed to prevent it. It has already occurred
five times. The Senator from Illinois is one of
the Senators who did it the other day.
Mr, T RUM BULL. I should have no objection
to allowing the resolution to be taken up if we
could have a vote upon it, but 1 understand there
is opposition to it and that it will take time, and
it is necessary for us to have an executive session.
Mr. CONNESS. The opposition will not in-
volve debate. 1 do not intend to debate the reso-
lution.
Mr. POWELL. Let Senators vote it down if
they choose after it is taken up.
Mr. TRUM BULL. If there i&tn be no debate,
I shall not object to taking up the resolution.
The motion of Mr. Powell was agreed to; and
the Senate proceeded to consider the following
resolution submitted by him on the 31st of March:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War he directed to trans-
mit to the Senate all outers th.it have been issued from his
Department, or by generals of the Army of the United States,
authorizing any person or persons to take possession of any
church or chuiches, or house dedicated to the worship of
God, or houce or property belonging to any home or foreign
mission society, or houses and property belonging to any
denomination of Christians in the United States; and that
he inform the Senate how many chinches and how much
property, and of what kind anddesciiption, have been taken
possession of in puisuance of said orders, and w!ier% the
&ame is situated, and to what denomination of Christians
the property ho taken belonged.
Mr. CONNESS, I do not believe that the adop-
tion of this resolution will subserve any public
interest, and therefore I move to lay it on the
table.
Mr. POWELL. I hope the motion of the
Senator 
Mr. HALE. Order!
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is not
debatable.
Mr. POWELL. Very well. I ask for the yeas
and nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WILLEY. I received a note this morn-
ing from Mr. Henderson desiring me to state
that he was too much indisposed to be in his seat
in the Senate to-day.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 27, nays 11; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Clark, Collamer, Conness,
Dixon, Doolittle, Fessenden, Foot,Giimes, Hale, Harding,
Harlan, Harris, Howard. Howe, Lane of Indiana, Lane of
Kansas, Morgan, Morrill, Kainsey, Sherman, Sprague,
Sumner, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Wade, and Wilson—*27.
NAYS—Messrs. Buekalew, Caihle, Cowan, Davis,
Johnson, Pomcroy, Powell, Riddle, Saulsbury, Van Win-
kle, and Willey—II.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I now move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
The motion was agreed to; and after some time
spent in the consideration of executive business,
the doors were reopened.
ORDER OP BUSINESS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The special order
of the d.ay is the unfinished business of yester-
day, being the joint resolution (S. No 16) propos-
ing amendments to the Constitution of the United
States, the pending question being upon a mo-
tion made by the Senator from Maine [Mr. Fes-
senden] to postpone the further consideration of
that resolution, and to take up the naval appro-
priation bill. Upon that question the yeas and
nayswere taken yesterday, disclosing the want of
a quorum. The question now is upon that motion,
and the yeas and nays will again be taken.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In addition to what I said
yesterday 1 will further state with regard to the
naval appropriation bill that it is important to pass
it early. I have been urged by the Navy De-
partment to ask for its early passage, because,
until it is passed, they cannot make contracts, and
it is important to pass it soon, or else they will
lose time. Besides it is very likely that the other
llouye will disagree to our amendments, or some
of them, and time necessarily be spentbefore the
bill can be finally disposed of. _ This is the rea-
son why I feel anxious that the hill .should be
acted upon as soon as possible. I have no other
view m regard to it. It is a matter of as much
indifference to me as to any other Senator what
course of business shall be adopted by the Senate.
I know the importance of the joint resolution
which is in charge of the Senator from Illinois;
but in view of the condition of public business, I
deem it my duty to press the naval appropriation
bill upon the attention of the Senate at this time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should say nothing
further in regard to thepostponmentof thespecial
order if the Senate had been full yesterday when
the vote was taken and had deliberately decided
to postpone the order upon which the Senate has
been engaged for several days past. My only
object now is to call the attention of the Senate
to the question which all aie to decide, and I
shall not trouble the body with resisting these
motions to lay it aside it the Senate now delib-
erately decides that the measure underconsidera-
tion ought to give way to others. I wish it to
he understood what that question is, and I con-
j fess that I was somewhat surprised by the vote
yesterday. I was particularly surprised that
gentlemen on the Judiciary Committee who in-
structed me torcpoitthis resolution to the Senate
voted for Us postponement. It is the most im-
portant measure that the American Congress has
ever had under consideration. It is a proposi-
tion forever to abolish slavery throughout the
United States, and to preventitsreestablishmcnt.
It is a question behe\ed, as 1 suppose, by most
of us to he at the foundation of this rebellion.
Now, sir, this great measure which can only
pass by a two-thuds vote, a motion is made to
postpone and lay abide for other business, and
that, too, for tin appropj ution bill for the next
fiscal year; not an appropi intion bill to meet the
immediate wants of the Government, but an
appropriation bill to provide for the next fiscal
year after the 1st of July next. If the Senate,
by its deliberate judgment, decides that this prop-
osition to submit to the people of the States the
question whether slavery shall be forever abol-
ished is one of such indifference that it ought to
give way to the other current business of the
session, let us know it.
Sir, if this measure cannotcommand a majority
of the Senate to keep it befoie the Senate, there
is very little hope of its final passage by a two-
thirds vote, and we need not take up time about
it. I do not suppose, nor do I mean to intimate,
that every Senator who voted yesterday or who
shall vote to-day to lay aside this question and
take up other business is opposed to the consti-
tutional amendment. I do not so believe; I wish
to do no injustice to any one; but I do believe that
such a vote of the Senate would indicate an in-
difference to this great question. It would show
that a majority of the Senate are willing to give
it the go-by forotherbusiness. It doesnotshow
an earnestness for it; and without an earnestness
for it on the part of Congress we never can have
it ratified by the people. Unless a majority of
the Senate are for this measure in earnest, it is
of very little use to submit it to the people. Itia
important,if it is to passat all,thatit should pass
at an early day. It is the great question. Some
of the Legislatures of the States are now in sesr
sion, and if we can pass this resolution at an early
day and show a zeal and earnestness to amend
the Constitution and be rid of slavery forever we
may have the indorsement of some of the States
whose Legislatures are now in session before their
adjournment; but if this proposition is to go limp-
ingly along through the Senate, if an indifference
is manifested toward it, if it is to be laid aside
to take up other business, and that business which
is not pressing, but which is to have its effect after
June next, it is saying to the country that there
is very.little heart in the measure in Congress;
and it can never be adopted with such a feeling
on the part of its advocates.
Now, sir, I shall be satisfied (of course I am
bound to be satisfied, however much I may regret
that such is the feeling of Senators) to abidl the
vote of a full Senate siiowing that they are not
disposed to hold on to this measure and pass it
by the requisite vote. The yeas and nays, I be-
lieve, have been called, and with what I have now*
said I am entirely willing to submit the proposi-
tion to the Senate and let it be decided whether
other business is to push* this measure aside or
not.
I ought to say another word before I sit down,
and that is this: it must be manifest to every Sen-
ator who has been for any considerable time a
member of this body, that we lose time whenever
we take up a question and discuss it for several
days and then lay it aside and take up some new
measure. It is no cconomy of time to break in
upon a question which has had the consideration
of the Senate for several days, with a new ques-
tion, dispose of that, and then go back to the old
question again.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, as I stated
yesterday, I have no kind of feeling on this sub-
ject. I have delayed this naval appropriation bill,
owing to certain circumstances, very much longer
than I intended to do. I have been pressed at the
Navy Department to take up the bill and have it
passed, for the reason, as I stated this morning,
that it was important to the Navy Department
that it should be taken up and passed at once.
After we have acted upon it here we shall be
obliged to send it back to the House of Repre-
sentatives, and with such amendments probably
as will create a non-concurrence on theirpart,and
thus make newdelay. The reason why the Navy
Department is anxious for the speedy passage of
the bill is this: until they know what the appro-
pi lations are they cannot make their contracts for
the succeeding year, and time is all-important to
them with reference to those contracts. It is im-
portant, therefore, that the bill should be passed
at as early a day as possible.
When 1 have said this to the Senate,and when
I have explained the grounds upon which my
motion is predicated in addition to this, relating
to the business of the Committee on Finance,
which I stated yesterday, I have done my duty;
and if the Senate thinks it unwise or inexpedient
to take it up at the present time and interpose it
in the way of the present discussion, although
probably we can settle it in one day without any
