8370
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 29,
HOUSE BIIiLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were severally read twice by their tides,
and referred as indicated below:
A bill (No. 184) to facilitate proceedings in ad-
miralty and other judicial proceedings in the port
of New York, and for other purposes—to tiie
Committee on the Judiciary.
A bill (No. 559) to quiet the titles of lands
within the Raneho Laguna Santos Calle, in the
State of California—to the Committee on Public"
Lands.
A bill (No. 561) to authorize the United States
to acquire land in Wallabout bay, belonging to
the city of Brooklyn, and to authorize the ex-
change of other lands therefor—to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the Speaker of the House of Representatives had
signed the following enrolled bills and joint res-
olutions; which thereupon received the signature
of the President pro tempore:
A bill (H. R. No. 497) in relation to the village
of Deposit, Delaware county, New York;
A bill (H. R. No. 540) to -provide ways and
means for the support of the Government, and for
other purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 532) to establish certain post
roads;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 23) for the relief
of the officers of the fourth and fifth Indian regi-
ments; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 103) for the re-
lief of Mary Kellogg.
EXPENSES OF PENNSYLVANIA MILITIA.
Mr. COWAN. I now move to postpone all
prior orders and take up House bill No. 117.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consid-
er the bill, the first section of which proposes to
appropriate the sum of $700,000to reimbuise the
institutions and individuals who advanced the
money to pay the Pennsylvania soldiers who
were called out by the proclamation of the Presi-
dent of the United States and the Governor of Penn-
sylvania to repel the invasion of Maryland and
Pennsylvania by the rebel forces under General
JLee in the summer of 1863, and who were in ac-
tual scrvice of the United States, to be paid to the
Governor of Pennsylvania in trust for the above-
mentioned purpose; but the expenses of none of
the militia of any State are to be paid under this
act who refused to be mustered into the service
of the United States.
The Committee' on Finance reported the bill
with an amendment to strike out the second sec-
tion, as follows:
Sec. 2. Jhul he it further enacted. That to defray the ex-
pen^* inclined in rafting, equipping, tiau^-poi ting, and pay-
ing tlx- minute men, militia, ninl volunteer culled out and
ill actual service of the United States, whether re<iulnily
mustered in or not in repelling rebel raids and invasions
of riie Stater-o! Pennsylvania, iM:u\ land, and the other loyal
States and Teiritoi ><•-, the Mini 000,000 i= heicbyap-
propiiated, oui-of any money m the Tieasmy not other-
wise nppioprtated, *airf cxpcn>es to lie settled upon proper
vouclieis to ho filed in the piopei offices in tile Treu&uiy,
and passed upon by the Second Auditor.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TEN EYCK\ I wish to offer an amend-
ment in the nature of a substitute for the whole
bill. It is to strikeout all after the woid "that"
and to insert:
To reimburse the States, institution*, and individuals
!> who advanced the money to pay the Pennsylvania. New
Yoik, and New Jersey soldiers who were callfd out by the
proclamation of the Piesiduitof the United Static, or at
the request of the Secietaryof War, by the Governor* of
the said States respectively, to repel the invasion ot Mary-
land and Pennsylvania by the rebel force* under Geneiai
Lee. in the summer of 1^6.'}, and who weie in actual ser-
vice of the United States, whether regulatjy mu>teied in
or not, the bum of $1,200,000, of any money in the Treav-
ui> not otherwise appropriated, or so much thereof as may
be necessary, is hereby appropiiated to be paid, upon the
settlement or tlie aeeounts for such service in the pioper
Department, to the Governors ofPennsylvania, New Yoik,
and New Jersey in ti uat for the above-mentioned purpose.
I simply offer this as a substitute for the bill
introduced by the Senator from Pennsylvania to
reach the whole case. The first section, and the
only section now in the bill, ptovides for the re-
imbursement of Pennsylvania for money paid to
her own troops called out to repel the invasion
of last year. Troops were called out from the
State of New York and the State of New Jersey
under the orders of the War Department and upon
the request of the Governorof Pennsylvania, and
the object of my amendment is in one bill to se-
cure the payment of the troops from each of these
States for the services they rendered on that oc-
casion as well as to the troops of the State of
Pennsylvania alone.
Mr. COWAN. I certainly have no objection
in the world that the troops from New Jersey
and New York shall be paid equally with t.hose
of Pennsylvania; and if my honorable friend de-
sires to attain that result and will put it in the
shape of a separate section to be added to this
bill I shall have no objection to offer; but the
cases are different. In the case of Pennsylvania,
troops were called upon by the President and by
the Governor, but there being no appropriation
to pay for them, certain banks and individuals
came forward and advanced the money upon the
promise of the executive department of the Gov-
ernment that they would ask for an appropriation
to pay it. The money has been paid, the ac-
counts have been audited, and almost the precise
sum fixed for that purpose.
It will be observed by the Senate that there is
a proviso to the first which is now the only sec-
tion of the bill proposing to pay the Pennsyl-
vania troops, that no troops shall be paid unless
they were mustered into the service of the Uni-
ted States, or rather that no troops shall be paid
who refused to be mustered into the service of the
United States. Now, as the Pennsylvania troops
were actually mustered in and have complied
with all the requisitions of the General Govern-
ment to entitle them to be paid by it, it would be
perhaps improper, and I might also say unfair,
to ask me to blend with this section a proposi-
tion from other States whose troops may have
refused to be mustered in, because it might en-
danger the passage of the whole in the other
House.
Mr. TEN EYCIC. I am sure I have no other
motive in introducing this amendment by way of
substitute than to see that fair and even-handed
justice is done. • The Senator from Pennsylvania
prefers that this claim on the part of the States
of New York and New Jersey should come in
the shape of a separate section. He thinks there
is a difference between the claim raised on the
part of the State of Pennsylvania and the claim
on the part of the two States of New York and
New Jersey, and that the claim on the part of his
State is rather more meritorious for the reasons
that lie has stated. I might say in advance that
I do not understand exactly how thatcould come
fiom the mouth of the Senator fiom Pennsylva-
nia, when we seek to have the troops from these
two other States paid for services rendered out of
i heir own States and in the State of Pennsylvania,
upon the most urgent request and appeals that
our troops should go there for the purpose of
rescuing the State from the invasion of the rebel
army.
Air. COWAN. I hope the Senator from New
Jersey will not misrepresent what 1 have said.
I have not said that the services rendered by the
Pennsylvania men were more meritorious than
those of New York or New Jeisey. On the con-
trary, I think I expressed a very different idea;
but what I meant to say was that the claims were
diffeient. The troops called out by the Governor
of Pennsylvania wete mustered into the service
of the United States. I do not know whether
the troops that came over from New Jersey and
New York were mustered in or not; they may
have been or may not have .been; but I observe
that the House of Representatives tacked this pro-
viso to the section which I desire to pass, and it
is from that indication of the mind of the House
that I am fearful if these claims are blended with
that of Pennsylvania the whole may fail—not that
I desire the troops from New Yoik and New Jer-
sey not to be paid or those States indemnified.
1 do not know how the fact may be as regards
the mustenng-in of their troops.
Mr. TEN EYCK. My object was simply to
bring this matter before the Senate, and to show
in a very few words why I thought if any pay-
ment was to be made at this time on account of
these services, which were so essential during the
last year in stopping the progress of the rebel
army northward, the appropriation should be ap-
plied at the same time to the payment of the troops
of the States of New York and New Jersey, who
went to defend Pennsylvanians upon their own
soil, and the most of whom, I believe 1 can say
without boasting, were on the ground before the
troops of Pennsylvania were there, Idonotcom-
plaifl of it; but it certainly would have been more
graceful on the part of the constituted authorities
of Pennsylvania, who made that appeal to our
troops dining that period, when they presented
these claims for settlement, not to have left us out
in the cold.
But the Senator sees a distinction or difference
between the claims. In the first place, with re-
spect to the Pennsylvania troops, the money to
pay the expenses incurred in calling them into
the field, was loaned to the State, and advanced
by individualsand institutions; in the case of New
York and New Jersey they paid the money di-
rectly out of the State treasury. I cannot see any
distinction or difference or any equity in the claim
on the part of Pennsylvania over the claims of the
States of New York and New Jersey in this re-
spect. It matters not, so far as the money is con-
cerned in this particular, whether the money was
advanced to the government of Pennsylvania by
individuals, and was paid over by the government
to defray the expenses of her own troops, or
whether New York and New Jersey took the
money immediately out of their own treasury,
and advanced the money necessary to fitoutthese
troops who were called out and went to the pro-
tection of the State of Pennsylvania. I see no
equity in the ease of Pennsylvania that will over-
ride the equity of the claim on the part of the
States of New York and New Jersey in this re-
spect.
But the Senator sees another difference. He
thinks there is a difference between the merit of
the claim on the part of Pennsylvania and the two
other States to which I have referred, because in
the case of the Pennsylvania troops they were
actually mustered into the service of the United
States, and he does not know how it was with re- ,
gard to the troops of New York and New Jersey.
I may perhaps be pardonedfor referringfora few
moments to copies of some of the documents on
this subject for the purpose of informing the Sen-
ator as to the true state of the facts with respect
to my own State at least; and I have no doubt
they are precisely the same in the case of New
York. I have no doubt, the telegraphic dis-
patches being sent under the same circumstances
and under a pressing exigency to the Governors
of New York and New Jersey, that they were
identically the same, i desire to read those dis-
patches to the Senate:
IIarrisburg, June 15,1863.
Governor Joel Parker:
This State is threatened with invasion by a large force,
and we are raising troops as rapidly as possible to resist
them. I understand there are tlnee regiments of your troops
at Beverly waiting to be mustered out. Could an airaoge-
ment be made with you and the authorities at Washing-
ton by which the service of those tegiments could lie had
tor the pic&ent emeigeney? Please advise immediately.
A.G. OUltTIN,
Governor of Pennsylvania,
The regiments here referred to were regiments
that had come back from the front of battle with
decimated and thinned ranks, and many of the
men bearing the scars of battle upon their per-
sons, and all of them anxious to return to their
homes and* families. Here is the answer of the
Governor of New Jersey:
Executive Chamber,
Trenton, New Jkrsey, June 1 o, 1863.
Ilis Excellency A. G. Curtin,
Governor oj Pennsylvania, Harruburg:
Your dispatch is received. One regiment has already
voiunteeicd and no doubt otlieis. can be sent. WbeieshaU
they report and to whom? To whom shall thf y apply lor
transportation trom Philadelphia ? Answer.
JOEL PARKER.
Here is a dispatch from the Secretary of War
to the Governor of New Jersey:
Washington, June 16, 1863.
Ilis Excellency Governor Parker:
The movements of the rebel forces in Virginia are now
sufficiently developed to show that General Lee with Iih
whole army is moving forward to invade the States of Muiy-
landj Pennsylvania, and other States. The Piesident, to
repel thi  invasion promptly, has called upon Ohio, Penn-
sylvania, Maryland, and Western Virginia, for one bun-
dled thousand volunteers for six months sooner dis-
charged. It is impoitant to have the large^tposoble force
in the lea*t time, and if other States would furnish militia
for a short time to be credited on the rtratt, it would greatly
advance the objcct. Will you please inform mc imniedi-
