1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1419
week. That is essential. If the honorable chair-
man of the Committee on the Judiciary thinks
that to-day and to-morrow will suffice for his
joint resolution, and is willing to try the experi-
ment whether we can get through with it in that
time, and will not feci that I shall be trenching on
his prerogative on Thursday by insisting then
upon our going on with the appropriation bill,
I shall withdraw my motion so far- as to allow
this measure to go on to-day and to-morrow. I do
not wish to press my motion now against the
sense even of a part of my friends. 1 would
rather accommodate them all if I possibly could.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Of course I cannot tell
how many Senators intend to discuss this ques-
tion, or when we shall geta vote; but i can say that
I wiil take no time upon it,and i will try to bring1
it to a vote at the earliest moment possible; and
[ hope wc may get a vote in the course of a day
or two. Not knowing, however, how many per-
sons may desire to speak upon it, it is impossible
for me to say whether we shall be through with
it to-morrow or not. 1 hope we shall be, and 1
see no reason why we cannot get through with it
then; but if to-morrow evening we should find
that we were not through, hut could finish it even
in another day, I think it would bo bad policy to
lay it aside, and then perhaps spend a week upon
it when we take it up again ten days or two weeks
hence. • I think it better to hold on to it and bring
it to a conclusion at the earliest moment we can.
I see no reason why it should be protracted. So
far as I am ad vised, there are no persons who de-
sire to speak upon it who wiil occupy more than
to-morrow. In fact I do not know any persons
designing to speak on it who will take up more
than to-day; but there may be Senators who have
not communicated with me on the subjcct.
Mr. GRIMES. I am as much in favor of the pas-
sage of the joint resolution to amend the Constitu-
tion, I think, as anybody, and I do not know but
that 1 am just as zealous for it as anybody; cer-
tainly I am not indifferent to it; but still, if the vote
is to be put, I shail vote to take up the naval appro-
priation bill,and for this reason: the naval appro-
piiation bill probably will not occupy more than
one day, and there are reasons why it should be
acted upon at an early day every session that do not
apply to any other appropriation bill. The lasvs
on your statute-book governing the Secretary of
the Navy and the heads of the different bureaus
of that Department, require them to advertise a
certain length of time before any contract can be
made. They cannot advei tise until they know
what appropriation is made. The rule does not
apply that the Senator from Illinois was so stren-
uous about enforcing on the Senate as an infer-
ence from the fact that this money is not to be ex-
pended until after the 30th of June next. That is
true-, but they cannot make contracts to take ef-
fect from and after the 30th of June unless they
know whether they are going to ha\ e any money
to meet those contracts or not. Some of them re-
quire four months' advertisement.
The greaterror we have committed is in allow-
ing this appropnation bill to lie over as long as
we have. 1 do not think that because I shall vote
to take up the Navy appropriation bill, and oc-
cupy one day of the Senate with it, I theieby
show an indifference to the great measure which
the Senator from Illinois has in charge. I think
it is necessary to keep the wheels of Government
moving while we are attempting to amend the
Constitution, and not to impose upon our ser-
vants who have charge of the Navy Department
the necessity of violating the laws of the country
that wu have established for their government, and'
that will he the etfect of postponing the measure.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted — yeas 18, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Mer^r*. Anthony, Tiuckalew, Carlilc.Clark. Coi-
itirncr. C<m;ie<--, Cowan, D.ivi^, Fcjsendon. Foor, Giimcs,
Johnson, Powell, Kiddie, ^.uilt-bury, rMieunan,
and Van Wsnkie—itf.
XAY;>— Chandler* Dixon, Donhttlo, If ilo,
Hardins. Hiuian, Iiain^. Howard, Howe, Lane of Indiana,
Lane ot Morgan. Mini ill, PowMoy, Sprasrue, Sum-
ner, Ten J3yc k,TiumbnII, Wade, Wilft-\, and YVi!-on—•<.'!.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion of the
Senator ftorn Maine disagiecd to. The joint
resolution (S. No. J6) proposing amendments to
the Constitution of the United States is now be-
fore the Senate as in Committee, of the Whole,
the pending question being on the amendment of
the Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Davis] to the
amendment reported by the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr, JOHNSON. Mr. President 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. HARLAN. If the Senator from Maryland
will allow me, I desire to make a personal expla-
nation before he proceeds.
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly.
Mr. HARLAN. My attention has been called
to a remark made by me a few days since in the
Senate on the discussion of the bill to organize a
territorial government for Montana, in which I
alluded to the Commissioner of the General Land
Office in these words, as reported:
" If It wa« hi« opinion that thU consolidation shotild not
take place—that is, if he should carelessly throw out an
intimation of that kind—I would account tor it In this way:
th< ie are very few of the heads of Departments or bureaus
that are willing to curtail the patronage of their offices. I
remember now very well that when 1 proposed a year ago
to consolidate the Dakota di&tnct with that ot Kansas and
Nebraska or with that of Minnesota, "an objection was
raided in the office, and when I came to inquire into the
tacts I found that a brother or the Commissioner was the
pre-ent incumbent m Dakota, and supposing that men are
influenced by the ordinary motives that sometimes sway
the judgment of men, I drew the conclusion that that might
possibly have a slight influence on his judgment."
I understand that the Commissioner thinks this
language may be so construed as to reflect on his
integrity as a gentleman or as an officer. I certainly
did not so intend it; nor are the words here reported
those that I intended to use. I intended to state
that his brother was an incumbent m the office,
and not to use words implying that he was the
surveyor general in the office. I ought to state,
I think, m this connection, that in my intercourse
with the head of that bureau, I have formed the
opinion that he is a man of strict integrity,a very
laborious, able, and efficient officer, and. one in
whom I would confide implicitly; and I did not
intend to use language that could be differently
construed.
AMENDMENT OF THE CONSTITUTION.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the joint resolution
(S. No, 1G) proposing amendments to the Con-
stitution of the United States.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I am fully
conscious, m lising to address the Senate, of the
great importance of the measure to which I am
about to speak. Indeed, in that respect it can-
not be exaggerated. To manumit at once nearly
four million slaves, who have been in bondage by
hereditary descent during their whole lives, and
who, becausc they were in bondage, and as one
of the consequences of the condition in which
they were placed, have been kept in a state of al-
most absolute ignorance, is an event of which the
world's history furnishes no parallel. Whether
if it succeeds it will be attended by weal or by
woe, the future must decide. That it will not be
followed by unmixed good or by unmixed evil,
is perhaps almost certain; and the only question
in my view that presents itself to statesmen is,
first, whether the measure itself be right, inde-
pendent^ Us consequpneesjand secondly, whether
those consequences may be such as render it in-
expedient, because inhuman in other particulars,
to do what is right.
There was a period in our own time when there
was hut one opinion upon the question of right,
or almost but one opinion upon that question.
The men who fought through the Revolution,
those who survived-its peril and shared m its
glory, and who were called to the Convention
by which the Constitution of the United States
was drafted and recommended to the adoption of
the American people, almost without exception
thought that slavery was not only an evil to any
people among whom it might exist, but that it
was an evil of the highest character, w hich it was
the duty of all Christian people, if possible, to re-
move, because it was a sin as well as an evil.
I think the history of those times will bear me
out in the statement that if the men by whom
that Constitution was framed, and the people by
whom it was adopted, had anticipated the times
in which we live, they would have provided by
constitutional enactment that that evil and that
fc-in should at some comparatively nnremote day
be removed. During our colonial dependence,
and immediately preceding the epoch when our
fathers found it necessary to claim for themselves
the freedom which was their right, one of their
complaints against the Government from which
they weye about to disengage themselves was
that that Government had, by its own power,
and against the will of the colonies, brougnt Afri-
cans as slaves and settled them in the United
States; and from the period that their numbers
increased so as to profhise a still greater increase,
almost every man of reflection at that time who
looked to the future was satisfied that sooner or
later the country would, becaus^of it, be involved
in trouble; and they also fondly looked to the
period, not only with hope, but evidently with
confidence, when,fromaconviction of thedanger
as well as from a conviction of the sin of the in-
stitution, it would be removed. Without recur-
ring to authority, the writings, public or private,
of the men of thai day, it is sufficient for my pur-
pose to state what the facts will justify me in
saying, that every man of them who largely
shared in the dangers of the revolutionary strug-
gle, and who largely participated in the deliber-
ations of the Convention by which the Constitu-
tion was adopted,earnestly desired, notonly upon
grounds of political economy, not only upon rea-
sons material in their character, but upon grounds
of morality and religion, that sooner or later the
institution should terminate. Its recognition in
the Constitution, therefore, (for it is idle, as
I think, to deny that it is there recognized,)
the authoiity given by implication to a trade
which might lead to its increase by immigration,
was not because a large majority of the members
of the Convention, and a large majority of the
people of the United States in the mass favored
the institution, but because they believed that
without provisions of that description it would be
difficult to have a Union adopted. Whether they
were right or wrong, it is now useless to inquire.
Judging by what was occurring at the time, it is
possible, and perhaps even more than probable,
that they were right; but if they made a mistake
as to that fact, if the Union could have been
adopted without the recognition of the institution
in the Government which formed it, if its gradual
extirpation could have been provided for, no one
who is a spectator of the scenes around us will
now fail to regret that it had not been done.
The opinion that I have, Mr. President, (and I
only ask permission of the Senate to recur to it,
not because it can have any influence except for
the purpose of showing that that opinion has been
uniform,) theopinion that I have of itnow I have
entertained ever since I was capable in my own
belief of forming a judgment upon human rights.
But in the public situations in which I have been
placed heretofore as well as in the one in which
I now stand, I have deemed it my duty to recog-
nize the binding and paramount authority of the
Constitution, to yield my moral convictions to the
obligation of that instrument, and not to esteem
myself as excusable or justified in construing it
by any views of morality which I mightentertam,
or m construing out of it any provisions that
might be found in it inconsistent with such views.
I have therefore in the past when the subject has
been before me for official action steadily main-
tained to the extent of whatever ability 1 might
possess the binding authority of that instrument;
and in what I am about to urge now in support
of the measure which is upon your table, I am
not departing from the conviction that that au-
thority should be implicitly acquiesced in. I
am about appealing to the authority of the Consti-
tution itself as a justification for the vote which I
shall give upon this measure. t
A word or two further by way of preliminary
remark. My honorable friend who now presides
over the body (Mr. Clark in the chair) thought
proper, and with it I find no fault, to charge
nearly all the calamities which the nation has
sustained in the past, whatever these may have
been, upon this institution. However, in my judg-
ment, the present war might ha\e been avoided
by a different course of public policy and of pop-
ular sentiment from that which has prevailed, and
however satisfied I may be oi am that at least dur-
ing our turns, the existence of the present gener-
ation, it might have been avoided if a different
policy had been adopted, I am satisfied now,and
1 was satisfied throughoutail the contests in which
that question has been presented, that sooner or
later the presentcondition of things was inevitable
or something nearly like that. If there be jus-
tice in God's providence, if we are at liberty to
