1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8371
ately what number, in answer to a special call ofthe Pres-
ident, jou can ijibe and lorwarrt ot militia or volunteers
without bounty, tor six months, unless sooner discharged,
aud to be credited on the draft ofyonr State?
E. M. STANTON,
SecretaryoJ War.
Executive Chamber,
Trenton, New Jersey, June 15,18G3.
Hon. Edwin M. Stanton. Secretary of TVar, Washington:
You  <ii^patcli is received. Every means will be laken
to as-ceitam how many men can be raised for six months.
You will he notified as boon as it is ascertained. In the
mean turn* am 1 authoiized to delay the muster out <ff nine
months' men at piesent in this State, alid send them to
Govei nor Cnrtin to assist in repelling the invasion of Penn-
sylvania? These regiments have been sent to be mu.-teied
out, but art- volunteering lit go Lto Penn-ylvania for the
cmeigeney, and Governor Uurtin l&anxioua for them. An-
swer immediately. JOEL PARKER.
Washington, June 1G, 1863.
Governor Parker:
Your telegram received. You will please forwaid to
Pennsylvania all the troops you can, directing them to re-
port to Majoi Geneial Couch, commanding the depart
mcnt, for Governor Cuitin.
EDWIN M. STANTON,
Secretary of War.
IIarrisbuiio, Juiic 16, 18G3.
Hon. Joel Parkfr, Governor:
Ple:ir>e instinct colonels of legiment to procure trans-
portation by Pennsylvania railroad, Philadelphia, to Har-
iis>l>me[. The colonel's requisition and leceipt to railroad
company will be sufficient. Send ail you can immediately
to tins point, and telegraph superintendent Pennsylvania
railroad, Philadelphia. Permit me to thank you for prompt
attention. A. G. CUliTIN,
Governor of Pennsylvania.
Trenton, New Jersey, June 16,18C3.
Ills Exccllency Governor Curtin,
Hart ishurg, Pennsylvania:
The nine months' regiments now in the Slate awaiting
disehaigc will be l'oiwarded as fast as possible. I is-ue
pioclamation to-moirow I'oi citizens to oi«,uuze lor assist-
ance of Pennsylvania, and will send them to vou for the
pre>ent emeigency as State militia. Can I ptonu^e them
United States'pay and rations until the> can be replaced
by Six months' volunteers5 If so, must they be musteicd
into United States seivicc, and for bow shoit a tune? I
hope to be able to send you some twelve thousand men.
JOEL PARKER.
IIaiiiusburg, June 16, 1863.
His Excellency Governor Parker :
The people of this State aie underobligations to you for
your piompfness and cneigy in organizing aud lorwarding
men to this place. General Couch will have the be«-t pos-
sible caie taken of them. The question of details of which
jou inquire will have to be determined by the War Depart-
ment at Washington. Telegraph orders from Secrctaiy of
War to General Couch this evening seem to cover all the
points you refer to. A. G. CURTIN,
Governor of Pennsylvania.
Here is n dispatch from the adjutant general
of New Jersey to the adjutant general of Penn-
sylvania:
Trenton, June 17,1863.
General TJ L. I^nscri.L,
JWjvfant General* Ilanishuig, Pennsylvania:
The twenh-tlurd New Jersey regiment (lutumcri volun-
teei -) left for llai ri-burg at live o'clock p. m. to-day, three
hundied stiomi. 'Two companies ot tlie State militia go at
iimca. in. to innnow. The others will be forwarded by
comp.imes as fast a-* they r,ni be equipped. I thought ln\-t
not to delav for leanriental organization, but will peifect
that lit the'field. Member-* ol the'twenty-third on fuilough
will be forwarded to join the regiment.
It. F. STOCKTON, Jr.,
JMjutant General New Jersey Militia.
Harrisburg, June 19, 1863.
R. F. Stockton, Jr.. JMjutant General:
I aruved with my command at this city- at twelve o'clock
la-1 night. Company 15, Captain Marsh.ill. aruved at three
o'clock this morning. W. R. MUltPJIY.
Trenton, New Jersey, June 20, 1863.
His Excellency Governor Cuiitin,
Jlari tshurg, Pennsylvania :
j h.ivt- been into lined that the in gent need of a volunteer
imittia force to aid in repelling an invasion of 3our State
has parsed, and that \ou do not wish any more State mi-
litia organized tor tempmary service. Please inform me If
tin* i- so, 111 that case I will detain the troops that aie
now preparing to start and will pioceed to oigaiuze six
months' or thieeyeais' troops tor the United States service.
3 JOEL PARKER.
Harrisburg, June 20.18G4.
His Excellency Joel Parkfr, Governor:
The rcht Is aie still in lh" State, and are on our border in
foice I think vou should not discontinue jour piepara-
tions. Send troops to this point, unless the authorities at
Washington dnect otherwise. OTT1>rpr„
A. i*. C UK A tJ\ •
Hariusbcrg. Pi-nnsylvania, June 20, 1863.
Hi-5 Excellency Jor.r, PvRKEii:
Will tt be po-sible I01 jour tioops to remain with us
dining the present emergency whatever its duration may
be ? If not, for what time will they be mustered into ser-
vice ? Our militia are being mustered to serve during the
piesent emergency, its termination to be fixed by my
order, and the arrangement is approved by the War De-
paitment. 1 assure you I will not detain theui longer than
the necessity for their presence exists.
A. G. CURTIN.
* Pittsburg, Junk 20, 1863.
Hon. Joel Parker, Governor:
My regiment cn rowie liojno volunteered in Pennsylva-
nia's defense, were accepted, and are now at Wheeling.
Will be home shortly. G. W. MINDIL,
Colonel Twenty-Seventh Neio Jersey Volunteers.
Harrisburg, June 23, 1863,
Governor Joel Parker:
Have seen Governoi Curtin. Enemy advancing in heavy
lorce. He wishes to retain the services of the men now
here as militia of New Jersey and will subsist them. Cap-
tain Muiphy pr«fer& not to go home under the circum-
stances, as also the men. Governor Curtin will answei your
letter fully and I will return with it at oiip p. m. to-morrow.
Answer what 1 shall do with the oider.
S. M. DICKINSON,
Buchleit House.
Harrisburg, June 24, 1863.
His Excellency Joel Parker:
I answer by your Secretary. Meantime the enemy is ad-
vancing.* He is now at Shippensburg in force, and I tiust
you will continue to iai«e troops. 1 send messenger to
Washington to ask that your troops be received for limited
time or tor this emergency, and it possible without muster
into the seivice ofthe United States.
A. G. CURTIN,
Governor of Pennsylvania.
There is the point. Here is the answer:
Harrisburg, June 26, 1863.
Hi4' Excellency Governor Parker:
The enemy i* in possession of the State from Carlisle to
the Maryland hue. lie occupies the country in force. f
tiu«t you will not relax your efforts to help a sifter State
and kindled people. A, G. CURTIN.
I will not say that in framing this bill and
bringing it here for settlement he has forgotten
"a sister State and kindred people" who went to
their assistance, bat whose names are not included
in this bill for payment and satisfaction of their
services. But here is another dispatch from Gov-
ernor Curtin to Governor Parker:
Harrisburg, June 27, 1863.
His Exccllcncy Juki, Parker, Governor New Jersey:
Geneial Couch has been authorized to take into service
in his depaitnient any troop-? whatever, mu-ucred into Uni-
ted States «eiVK«e 01 not. The rebels aie herein torce,
aud we certainly need ttoops. A. G. CURTIN,
Washington, June 28, 1863,
His Excellency Governor Parker :
General Couch is authorized to icceive any troops that
may be ofTeied toseive under his command whether sworn
into the United States service or not. Please send any
militia or other forcc at your disposal.
E. M. STANTON,
Secretary of War.
Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, June 29, 1863,
His Excellency Governor Parker:
We have most reliable inionnation that the enemy reoe-
cupy the north pot lion oftlus State with a forcc of not less
than ninety thousand men, with ovei two hundied pieces of
artiileiv, as counted by trustworthy persons. Lee js in the
vSf.ite "We aie expecting an attaek at this point hourly.
We now certainly icquiie the aid ol the people of New
Jer-ey. Do not relax your effoits to arouse your^ people.
Let me hear from jou. A. G. CURTIN,
Governoi of Pennsylvania.
Harrisburg, July 2, 1863.
lli< Excellency Joel Parker, Governor of Neiv Jersey :
Uow soon will jou send fonvaid more troops? 1 cannot
magnify the necessity for their presence at the^eailiest
possible moment, A. G. CURTIN,
Governoi.
Trenton, July 2, 1863.
His Excellency Governor Curtin, Harrisburg:
I am doing ail I can to raise troop*. They arc coming
in ..lowly. I will send tisfcwtw. pos.sil.le l.y crmipanic--.
JUbu 1 AlllvtjK.
After reading these dispatches which show the
urgent appeals^of the Governor of Pennsylvania
np'on the Executive of the State of New Jersey
for troops to come forward to aid in repelling that
invasion, when we see the inquines made on the
part of the Executive of New Jersey of the Ex-
ecutive of Pennsylvania and the Secretary of
War whether these troops could be received for
a temporary period without being actually mus-
tered into the service of the United fctates, and
when we see that Governor Curtin asked for, and
the Secietary of War directed, that these troops
should be sent and should receive pay without
being mustered into the United States service and
actually sworn into that service, although they
were sworn to serve during the period of their
enlistment, I ask whether 1 need add another syl-
lable to show that the claim on the part of'the
States of New York and New Jersey is at least
as strong and meritorious as the claim on the part
of the State of Pennsylvania to have their troops
paid under a bill of this kind?
The expense to which the State of New Jersey
has been put amounts to between fifty and sixty
thousand dollars, as appears by a letter which I
have here from the quartermaster general of the
State. This account has not yet been audited anil
adjusted in the War Department; but I provide
in the substitute I have offered that these troops
shall be paid an amount notexceeding such asum
as may be found due upon an account being taken
in the proper Department. Surely there can be
110 harm arising froTn the passage of a bill so
framed; and surely there can be no justice in re-
quiring this matter to go over until the next ses-
sion of Congress because the accounts have not
actually been adjusted. If we do not present our
accounts, and they are not properly settled and
adjusted, we can have no benefit under the bill as
l propose to amend it.
With respect to the argument that the whole
bill may be defeated if we tack on the claims of
these two States to the claim of the State of Penn-
sylvania, I submit most respectfully to my friend
from the State of Pennsylvania under the cir-
cumstances of this whole case as contained in
this record, I should not think he would want
his own troops paid before the troops of the
States of New York and New Jersey, who were
on the ground before the troops of the State of
Pennsylvania.
Mr. SHERMAN. This bill was referred to
the Committee on Finance. The second section
ofthe bill, which makes an appropriation of
$15,000,000 for various purposes, gave rise to a
great deal of discussion. 1 examined the matter
at that time for the purpose of getting atsome rule
about it for the satisfaction of the claims of the
Slates of New York, New Jersey, and Pennsyl-
vania. There is no doubt that the militia of those
States ought to be paid for the services actually
rendered by tliem in the invasion of General Lee.
They were services patriotically, efficiently, and
properly rendered in time of great public danger,
especially on the part of the State of New York.
I believe her volunteeis were sooner at Harris-
burg than those of any part of Pennsylvania,
and deserve the highest credit. With a view,
therefore, to avoid the objection made by the
Senator from New Jersey that the bill confines
the appropriation to the State of Pennsylvania,
I have drawn an amendment which satisfies my
mind and perhaps will satisfy his. It will cover
the three States and all the militia called out by
them. I propose to oifer three amendments. If
they should be adopted the bill will read in this
way:
Tli,it to nay the militia dulv called out to repel the inva-
sion of Maryland and Pennsylvania liytlie rebel forces un-
der General Lee in the summer of 1863, and who' were ni
actual service ofthe United States, the.sum ol $700,00J,of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropliatfd, 13
hereby appiopriated to he paid to the said militia, or, where
they iiave heen paid, the Governor of the State to wlucli
^ucli nnlitia belongs, m tru^t for the State, institutions, or
individuals who advanced the money to pay the same:
Pi o uiiled, That [lie expenses of none of the militia of any
ol the States shall tie p.ud under this act who ielu«ed
to he mustered into the service ofthe United States: rfnd
: provided further, That only to much shall be allowed and
paid to such militia as would Have been allowed and paid
! toother militaiyIbices in the service of the United States
: of the same giade.
1 think that will covcrthe case. The same rule
I has been applied, I believe, to every State where
i' our militia have been paid.
!| Mr.TEN EYCK. I cannot accept that, arid 1
; think if the Senator from Ohio had listened to the
: dispatches which I read he would not be willing;
■ to exclude from this payment the troops who
^ were in the service and did the duty which was
' required of them, although they happened not to
! be actually mustered into the service of the Um-
j ted States. That was the condition of our troops.
; j Mr. SHERMAN. 1 heard those dispatches,
but 1 think New Jersey ought to be punished a
i little for having a Governor who, if I am cor-
:i rectly informed, refused to allow the militia of
I New Jersey to be mustered into the service ot
; 1 the United States, if that is the case.
1 Mr WILKINSON. I move to amend the
I amendment of the Senator from New Jersey by
