1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
continuation of the Capitol extension, and the
bill came from the House of Representatives with
that item of appropriation. The Committee on
Public Buildings, upon consultation, thought it
advisable that the work for the coming season
should be confined to the eastern front of the
.Capitol; that is, to the north and south wings, to
the porticos, the flights of steps at each wing,
and the Bagging in front of the corridors; in short,
that it should be confined to the completion of
the work on the eastern side of the Capitol, and
to reduce the House appropriation to such sum
as would be necessary for the completion of that
portion of the work. The Committee on Finance
entertained the same view upoh this subject.
With these views, my colleague, then a member of
the Committee on Finance, and for that commit-
tee, with myself for the Committee on Public
Buildings, called upon Mr. Walter, the architect,
and requested him to make an estimate of the cost
for the completion of the work on the eastern
front of the north and south wings of the Capi-
tol, and to give us his judgment as to the length
of time that would be required to complete it.
Mr. Walter informed us that in his judgment
that work could be completed in nine months,, or
by the 1st of December following, or by the next
meeting of Congress, which was the same thing.
He made his estimate of the amount necessary
to complete that work, and placed a copy of that
estimate in the hands of my colleague, a member
of the Committee on Finance, and that estimate
was before that committee. They recommended
a reduction of the appropriation of the House of
Representatives from $500,000 to §150,000 for
that purpose, that being the estimate made by
Mr. Walter as amply sufficient, with the appro-
priation yetunexpended and on hand of $184,000,
making m all $334,000, on the 1st of March a
year ago, for the completion of the work on the
eastern side of the north and south extensions.
The appropriation of the House of Representa-
tives was reduced in the Senate to that sum—
$150,000—leaving $334,000 in hand for the pur-
pose of completing these portions of the work,
including in the estimate the cost for the " bronze
door," of about thirty thousand dollars.
How did we find it on coming hero on the 1st
of December last at the time when, according to
the estimate of Mr. Walter, the work was to have
been completed; and according to the estimate of
Mr. Walter, it should have been completed with-
in the appropriation made for it expressly upon
his estimate? We found the work about half
done, not more. Six months have passed since,
and it is far from complete yet, as you all see.
But that was not the worst of it. The work was
not only mciely half completed, but the entire ap-
propriation of $334,000 was completely exhausted,
and we have since appropriated $150,000 to sup-
ply the deficiency. There is evidence for you
of " increased activity " in the expenditure of the
public money; but teli me, where is the evidence
of increased (< activity" and efficiency in the pros-
ecution of the work? Six months more have
passed, and six months more in addition, I now
venture to say, will still pass and the work will
be unfinished, still behindhand, a large deficit
again to be supplied, and another appropriation
asked for to complete it, notwithstanding we have
already m the early part of this session appropri-
ated $150,000 for this deficiency. There may have
been abundant and unavoidable cause for delay
in the prosecution of the work; but that does not
answer the question. I am answering the falla-
cious and absuid assumption that the amount of
expenditure in a given time is to be taken as the
measure and the evidence of the amount of work
actually performed in that time. A most prepos-
terous pietension, indeed, to be presented for the
acceptance of men of practical common sense !
Again, great meut is claimed for the superin-
tendent in reducing the executive or administra-
tive force upon the work, and thus reducing in
proportion the expenditure of Government for
this class of employes. How was that.'1 Not of
his own accord, not of his own motion, but by
instructions from the Secretary of the Interior,
he recommended the discharge of some three or
four overseers or foremen of different branches of
the work, and 1 think some halfdozen watchmen.
They were discharged, and theie was a corre-
sponding reduction of cost to the Government for
those employes; and if lie had only dismissed
them all while his hand was in, there would have
been a still greater reduction of cost to the Gov-
ernment for these employes, provided that hone
others had been appointed in their place. But
the question that naturally arises is this: if there
was reason to suppose that this executive force
was too large, larger than necessary, that it was
costing the Government too much, that a due re-
gard to economy required its reduction, could not
that have all been inquired into and ascertained
and the proper reductions made by the Secretary
of the Interior upon consultation and cooperation
with the architect of the building, who knew more
about it than any other man, who had been the
superintending architect of the building from the
beginning? Upon consultation and cooperation
with him, could not these facts have all been as-
certained, and the proper reductions made, with-
out the appointment and employment ofa general
superintendent at so large a salary? I am not
complaining of the changes that were made.
These may all have been well enough. I am only
wondering that the Secretary of the Interior in
his laudable efforts, which I doubt not were sin-
cere, and in his anxiety to reduce the expenses
of the Government as far as possible in this re-
gard, should have found it necessary to employ
an agent at so heavy a cost to assist him in carry-
ing out his work of reform in the way of econ-
omy; in other words, that he should have deemed
it necessary to appoint an additional employe at
an unusually high compensation in order to help
him find out whether there were not already too
many of these employes on the work!
Mr. President, the main object and purpose of
the bill now upon your table is to supersede, to
discontinue this office or agency of general super-
intendent, as unnecessary, as utteilyuseless,and
even worse than useless, and as involving an un-
necessary expenditure. 1 have no hesitation in
saying that its discontinuance is demanded by
considerations of public interest; that it is de-
manded by considerations both .of economy and
of energy and efficiency in the [jrosecution of these
works; and in thisopinion 1 have the concurrence
of the committee who have examined the subject,
whose business and whose duty it was to exam-
ine the subject and to recommend such measure,
such modification, or such changeasin theirjudg-
ment the public interest demanded. We have
simply tried faithfully to perform that duty.
I can say for myself, and I am sure I can say
for every member of the committee, that in this
we have been influenced by no considerations of
a mere personal character either of prejudice or
of favoritism toward anybody. The presentsu-
perintendent is personally a stranger to me, as I
presume he is to most if not to all the members
of this body. 1 have no prejudices against him.
1 have no personal knowledge of the man; I would
do him no injustice; I would not speak harshly
or unkindly of him. But from all the information I
have in relation to him, I infer that he is a young
man of fair qualifications to discharge acceptably
the duties of an office clerk; that he is a very good,
even an expert penman,and he is said to beavery
good draughtsman; but I infer also that he has not
the experience, that he has not the habits of in-
dustty, the application to business, in shoit, that
he has not those qualifications which aieiequisite
for the duties of ageneral superintendent of.these
important and costly works. At all events, if I
am correctly informed in that regard, and 1 believe
I am, he devotes little or no time to the personal
supervision and superintendence of these works.
If I am correctly informed, lie has hardly spent
a day or an hour on or about these works since
his appointment m the way of personal duection
and superintendence. Foraught 1 know, he may
have been well and profitably employed otherwise
in the service of the Government; 1 do not under-
take to say how that is; but I say he does not
give to the Governmentthe benefit of his personal
attention to these works. I can say that I have
never seen him on or about these woiks myself,
and 1 have not been altogether an inattentive ob-
server of their progress; and when I have inquired
about it, I have been uniformly told that he rare-
ly if ever makes his personal appearance there,
either to give any direction or order in relation to
the work or to see how it has been done, in fact,
the question has been asked me, a question which,
though quaint in phrase, carries with it great sig-
nificance, and carries with it its own answer:
" What re the use of having "a geifetaj supfrjft-
tendent of these wo'r&j unless he su^eriritenas
something?" I confess I do not:see,' _ . -
But, Mr. President, not to consunie tile time of
the Senate in further discussion upon this subject,
I have only to repeat that we a£k pn<! "i'ge the
passage of this bill with a view and for the pur-
pose of relieving the Government Qf this unneces-
sary and useless agency and its attendant c'os.t'of
four or five thousand dollars per annum; not a
very large amount, to be sure, but never.tfieless
not unworthy of our consideration in thesfe titries
of enormous and rapidly accumulating "national
debt and public taxation—debt and taxation ren-
dered nefiessary for the support of the Govern-
ment, and for the maintenance of its honor, its
faith, and its integrity.
I will say further, Mr. President, that upon the
action of Congress on this bill, in my judgment,
depends, in no small degree, the question whether
these works shall be completed within any rea-
sonable length of time, or within any reasonable
limit of expenditure. In conclusion I will add,
if the present superintendent must be retained in
the public service, if he must have employnhfnt
under the Government—and that seems .to be the
issue inagreat measure—if he must be the recip-
ient of public patronage, I pray you let it be in
some other capacity, let it be in some other posi-
tion than that of general superintendent of these
Government works.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senate
will resume the consideration of the order of the
day.
Mr. CONNESS. Can we not have a vote on
this measure?
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Not now.
f. II. CLARK AND COMPANY.
Mr. POMEROY. Yesterday morning I made
a report from the Committee on Claims upon the
joint resolution of the House of Representatives
to refer the claini of J. H. Clark & Co. to the
Court of Claims, and I asked the Senate to pass
the joint resolution at once. It was, howeve.r,
laid over at the suggestion of the Senator from
Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull,] because he desired to
know what the nature of the claim was. I can
now explain it to him. It is simply a claim grow-
ing out of a contract with the quartermaster's
department for furnishing suppbes"&t Cincinnati.
They delivered the supplies in part and claim pay
for the whole, I believe. It should under the law
have gone to the Court of Claims without being
considered in the House of Representatives; but
after the House took possession of the claim aijd
saw its character, they proposed that it ?hould be
referred to the Court of Claims', and passed' this
joint resolution to that effect.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection to the
reference, that being the character of the claim.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 74) referring
the claim of J. H. Clark & Co. to the Court of
Claims was considered as in Committee of the
Whole, reported to the Senate, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideiation of the bill (S. No. 132)
to amend an act entitled " An act to aid in the con-
struction of a railroad and telegraph line from
the Missouri river to the Pacific ocean, afid to
secure to the Government -the use of the same
for postal, military, and other purposes," ap-
proved July 1, 18fiS.
Mi. HARLAN. I move to amend the substi-
tute of the committee by striking out in line one
hundred and three of thethiid section on the 14th
page the word " three" and inserting li ten," so
as to read, "in ease no claimant shall appear
within ten years from the time of the opening of
said road across any land, all claim to damages
against said company shall be barred."
Mr. HOWARD. I hope that amendment will
not be adopted. The subject was considered very
fully and amply by the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad, and they came to the conclusion that
three years would be a reasonable time to allow
persons owning unoccupied lands to make their
appearance and present their claim.
I Mr. HARLAN. I believe that in no State in
| the Union is there such a statute of limitations as
I this, giving a party who has quiet possession for
