1864
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ernment the world ever saw, his attempt yester-
day fell comparatively harmless upon the country
and upon the members of this House.
The gentleman does not confine himself to de-
claring this war to be inhuman; but in his speech
as reported in the Globe of this morning, he char-
acterizes this war as a hellish crusade of blood and
famine. Has it come to this, thata man can stand
up in the American Congress, when the Govern-
ment is struggling-for its existence, when a for-
midable attack is made to destroy the Government
handed down to us by our fathers—I say has it
come to this, that a man can stand up in the Ameri-
can Congress and pronounce this as a hellish cru-
sade of blood? A hellish crusade, indeed, sir! A
hellish crusade I presume it would be for a man
to defend himself against an assassin; a crusade
for a father to defend his wife and children against
an attack made by an assassin at midnight; a cru-
sade, indeed, for the Government to struggle in
putting down a rebellion which strikes at the life
of the nation.
Why, I say, did the gentleman travel out of
the order of discussion for the purpose of attack-
ing the people I represent? Why did he do it?
I will tell you why. It was because the people
of Utah are loyal to the Government, and have no
sympathy with rebels. I know of no other rea-
son but this. Tliey are loyal, and have been, to
the Constitutiori and the Government ever since
the war commenced—yea, before, ever since the
people have had an organization in this country;
loyal to the Government, loyal to its-institutions,
and submissive to its laws.
But, sir, in justice to the gentleman from Del-
aware I must be brief. The gentleman from New
York says: .
But, sir, that is not the only case. I come to a later and
yet more pertinent and significant case—the Mormon rebel-
lion. These profligate outcasts, who have always been
hostile to your moral and political institutions, were treated
with by commissioners."
These " outcasts !M Mr. Speaker, I am told
and this House is told that the people of Utah are
outcasts. I hurl back the accusation upon the
gentleman. I pronounce it false. I pronounce the
statement false that the people of Utah have ever
been in rebellion against the Government or its
laws. I have had some experience in the Terri-
tory of Utah for some years as its chief justice,
and I take this occasion to say that the people of
that Territory have always been submissive to
the laws, have always been loyal to the Constitu-
tion and the Government, and have always been
obedient to the authorities of the Federal Govern-
ment in that Territory. I will tell you, sir, why
this formidable military force was sent to Utah in
1858. John B. Floyd was then See.tretary of War
and James Buchanan was President of the United
States; and it was for the purpose of bringing about
this very state of things that now exists and pre-
pare the way for it that a large force often or fifteen
thousand men was sent into the Territory of Utah,
and that, too, when the people of the Ten ltory were
pursuing their peaceful avocations, loyal to the
Constitution and the Union. I say that there was
no causc for sending that army to Utah. None
existed whatever. There was no reason for it,
but that arch-traitor, John B. Floyd, foreseeing, as
he did, that the time was near at hand when the
southern States would revolt against the Govern-
ment and establish a government of their own,
set on foot a large military force against the peo-
ple of Utah, transporting to it an army at an ex-
pense of forty or fifty million dollars, thus impov-
erishing the United States Treasury, and for the
purpose of preparing the way by crippling the
North, with a view to the rebellion which is now
upon us. These men were sent to Utah with all
the paraphernalia of war, with infantry, artillery,
and cavalry, for this purpose alone. The people
were quiet; they were peaceful; they were loyal;
they were submissive to the Governmentand toits
laws. I say that it was for this purpose, and only
for the purpose of impoverishing the Treasury of
the United States and of disposing of the Army of
United States, for after that Army was recalled
it was engaged at Fort Crittenden in destroying
the munitions of war that they might not be
brought back to the northern States to assist in
putting down this rebellion.
Mr. SMITHERS. Will the gentleman from
Utah pause awhile? He has already occupied
the ten minutes he requested of me. I wish now
to understand whether the time which he occu-
pies is to come out of my hour? If not, I am per-
fectly content that he shall proceed.
The SPEAKER. The understanding is that
the gentleman from Delaware has yielded the floor
to the gentleman from Utah for a personal ex-
planation by unanimous consent, and hence the
time occupied by the gentleman from Utah will
not come out of the gentleman's hour.
Mr. KINNEY, Mr. Speaker, it was for the
reason I have stated, and for that reason alone *
that the traitor, John B. Floyd, inaugurated this
war against the people of the Territory of Utah;
but I say to th,e gentleman that nota gun was fired
upon either side, neither by the Federal troops
nor by the people of the Territory. It was only
the appearance of war, and it was for the purpose
of destroying the arms and crippling the means of
the Government and impoverishing the Treasury
of the United States, as i have stated, that this
large military force was sent forth against a peace-
ful and loyal people. The gentleman says thatthe
people of Utah were in rebellion. Sir, they never
have been in rebellion against this Government.
They have not, as the gentleman from New York
has, any sympathy with rebels. The gentleman
should look to his own city. I think he has been
a very distinguished citizen of the city of New
York,and has had thehonorof presiding ovcrthat
vast pietropolis; and it is said, I do not know with
how much truth, that the recent riot in the city
of New York, by which the streets flowed with
blood, and innocent women and children were
butchered—it is said that a large share of the re-
sponsibility of that riot rests upon the shoulders
of the gentleman from New York. But, Mr.
Speaker, when a man will stand up in the Halls
of this Congress at this time, when it is important
for every man, if he enunciates sentiments at all,
to enunciate loyal sentiments, and attack the Gov-
ernment arid the loyal people I represent, 1 trust
that his attacks will be harmless and of no effect.
I would ask the gentleman if he did not, when
vessels carrying arms to the South from New
York were detained by the Government, and he
was telegraphed to by the Governor of Geoigia on
the subject, telegraph to the Governor of Georgia
that he regretted exceedingly that these vessels
had been taken into custody by the Government,
and that he had not the power of releasing them
and sending them on their way rejoicing?
I presume such is the case; and are we, I say,
are grave members of the American Congress,
assembled to legislate for the best interests of the
countiy, who are trying to save for posterity the
Government bequeathed to us by our fathers—are
we to sit here and listen to sentiments breathing
treason against the Government without saying
a word against it?
If I were a member of the House in full fellow-
ship, in place of being a Delegate, the first thing I
would do would be to introduce a resolution in
this House to expel the gentleman, as unworthy
to occupy a seat upon this floor. [Great laugh-
ter.] I think it is due to the dignity of the body,
due to the nation, due to the people whom we
represent, that he go back to his constituents, or
rather to the place to which he more legitimately
belongs—to the southern confederacy.
Mr. Speaker, I propose to quote a little further
from the gentleman's speech; and I will say that
the speech as it appears in the Globe and as it
was delivered yesterday in the House differs in
some very essential particulars. Undoubtedly it
has been prepared with care by the gentleman, and
that we have the right to take it aa it appears in
the Globe.
He says, in speaking of what he terms the Mor-
mon rebellion—
<l Tt commenced early in The immediate cau«e
was opposition to the exercise of Federal authority and the
appointment of a territo) ml Governor. On the loth of Sep-
tember of that year Bi igham Young i^ued a proclamation
m the style of an independent sovereign, announcing his
purpose to resist hy ioice of arms the entry ol the United
ritates troops into the Territory of Utah. He proceeded to
cany out this threat. lie oigaaized an army, declared
maitia! law, seized Government fortification^, destroyed
Government propeitv, and put the Teriiton ui a state of
complete defense against the Federal Army."
I ask the gentlemau for his authority when lie
says that Governor Brigham Young seized Gov-
ernment fortifications and destroyed publip prop-
erty. If he was asfamiliar with Utah as he seems
to bo with the rebels, he would never have made
that statement. There were no Government fort-
ificationsin Utah atthattime, and nofie weres^e#
by Governor Brigham Young* or by the people of
Utah. .
It is true, Mr. Speaker, that when the ee&ple^
of Utah heard for the first time after the Iredfe'itfl*
army was fairly on its way across the plainsthaff
a tremendous military force was on its way to tffcf?
Territory for the purpose of destroying then*, of
exterminating them from the face ot the earth, for
the purpose of pillaging and plundering their fkir
possessions—it is true they did then precisely £t€
any other people would have done titrfei* s'udHf
circumstances: they prepared for their dfeferisi.
But that army entered Salt Lake City peeic#-'
ably and in quiet. Not a gun was jfred', nW A
drop of blood was shed. And this grand pVfr-
gramme inaugurated by Floyd for the purpose I"
have indicated and as has since fullyappeared to
be true, after remaining there for some two year£,
destroyed nearly all their munitions of war (for
they were engaged many months in doing it) and:
were then recalled, and the grand farce ended.
That is ail there was of the Mormon rebellion,
as the gentleman called it; not a rebellion by'the
Mormons, not at all, but a military expedition, set
on foot and carried into effect in 1858 by John B.
Floyd, for the purposes which I have already
stated; and it has had its effect. It has"crip}>le<f
the North. For the time being it crippledatidim-
poverished the Treasury of th£ United StatesV«ftkt
Mr. Floyd and Mr. Buchanan were content, foi 
it costthe Government nearly fifty million-dollars.
Sir, the people of Utah have under all their
discouragements and embarrassments built ^
beautiful city in the midst of the great Amerifcri.tr
desert. They are feeding,and have been for yearfc,
the employes of the overland mail. They are
furnishing the necessary supplies for the purpose
of developing the resources of the rich mineral
regions which surround them'. They have af-
forded a safe retreat from the Indians to the way-
farer as he passes on his weary pilgrimage to the
other side of the Rocky Mountains for the put-
pose of developing the resources of the Pacific
coast.
The time may come, Mr. Speaker, and I hope
it will come during the present session of Con-
gress, when I may have the opportunity of elabo-
rating this subject, and showing to the American
nation that the people I have the honor to repre-
sent upon this floor are a much-abused people;
that they are entitled to receive, in place of the
condemnation of the country and of those who
reprcsentthe people in Congress, theirsympathies
for what they have done in establishing a colony
in the great heart of the American desert whicn
is indispensable to the people and to the Govern-
ment. Thanking again the gentleman from Dela-
ware very kindly for his courtesy in yielding me
the floor, I will not detain the House longer.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. I hope that the
House will bear with me for a moment.
The SPEAKER. For what purpose doe£ the
gentleman rise?
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. I rise for the pur-
pose of saying a few words in reply to the Dele-
gate from Utah.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Delaware yield for that purpose?
Mr. SMITHERS. I extend the courtesy to
the gentleman from New York, with the request
that he will be brief, for I may be taken on the
floor by the expiration of the morning hour.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. Mr. Speaker, X
promise the House that I shall only have a few
words to say.
In the course of my argument yesterday, it be-
came necessary, in illustrating the statement that
it had been the practice of the Government to ap-
point commissioners to treat with rebels in arms
against its authority, to allude to the Territory of
Utah. In doing so, sir, I had no expectation of
exciting the ire of the Delegate from that Terri-
tory. The statements I made were gathered from
executive documents on file in the archives of the
Government. Almost every allegation that I ut-
tered with reference to the Delegate's constituency
were nearly verbatim extracts from official papers.
Mr. KINNEY. Let me ask the gentleman a
question.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. I cannot yield to
the Delegate a courtesy that he denied to me.
Mr. Speaker, I wasexceedinglyguardedin my
reference to that question, lest I might be seduced
