374
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
into some assault upon the peculiar institutions of
that region, lest I mightcall upon the gentleman's
political friends to know why, when they are sup-
pressing, as they allege, the vile institution of sla-
very, they do not, as promised by the Chicago
platform, suppress that other of " the twin relics
of barbarism,'> polygamy? [Laughter.] But, sir,
1 avoided any rcfercnce to those peculiar institu-
tions which 1 believe under the theory of our Gov-
ernment, so long as they are republican in form,
we are obliged to tolerate, whether they are moral
or immoral.
The Delegate tells us, Mr. Speaker, that the
Government of the United States made war upon
Utah; that the Secretary of War sent an army
to conquer Brigham Young. Well, sir, I again
refer the gentleman to the public archives. I re-
fer him to the report of the Secretary of War
made to the President of the United States, and
which was transmitted to Congress, where it is
distinctly stated that it became necessary to send
an army, under General Alfred Sidney Johnston,
bccause the Government officials were denied ac-
cess to the Territory; because the Governor ap-
pointed by the President, and confirmed by the
Senate, as well as the United States territorial
judge, also appointed by the President and con-
firmed by the Senate, were denied the exercise of
their official powers within the Territory. It also
became necessary for the President to appoint two
commissioners, ex-Governor Powell, of Ken-
tucky, now a Senator of the United Slates from
that State, and Ben. McCullough,formerly ofthe
Army of the UnitedStates. They went outwith
instructions from the President; they did proceed
to the gentleman's Territory; they did meet a
commissioner representing the other side, and did
treat with Brigham Young; they did meet with the
leader of the rebellion; and they did finally ami-
cably adjust the questions at issue. That is all I
said.
1 thank the gentleman from Delaware for giving
me this opportunity to say that my statements of
yesterday were made from official data. If the
Delegate from Utah chooses hereafter to dispute
them" i shall be piepared to furnish the documents
to which 1 have referred.
One word, Mr. Speaker, in conclusion, as to a
matter alluded to by the gentleman,and which is
personal to myself. He inquired whether, when
I was mayor of the city of New York, I did not
send a communication to the Governor of Geor-
gia regretting that arms had been stopped on then-
way to the South. I thank the gentleman for this
opportunity to deny most emphatically and pos-
itively that there is any other foundation for that,
other than this: before the commencement of this
rebellion, and before any action by ihe Federal
Government, the municipal police of New York
Htopped in transitu, upon the wharf,and when
4>oiug on board th<* Savannah steamer, merchan-
dise of every character whatever. Not arms, sir,
not munitions of war, but the merchandise of New
York merchants engaged in a lawful commerce.
And then the Governor of Georgia telegraphed to
me 16 know about the matter. The fact, sir, that
the telegraph was in operation umestneted; the
ittct that there was no mtei i uption of intercourse
between Georgia and New York, and the fact that
mails were being carried as regularly as e\er,<uc
sufficient to prove that so far us the .States of
Georgia and New Yoik were concerned, there
were no unfriendly relations upon which to allege
that there was any correspondence of an improper
chatacter. The Governor of Georgia telegiaphed
to know whether it was by my order, as mayor
of the city of New Yoik, that merchandise in
transitu, was thus stopped. I replied it was not;
that under our municipal regulations the police
of the city of New Yoik was not icsponsible to
the mayor, and that he had no control whatever
over them.
That was my reply, and that is the matter upon
which the gentleman from Utah hinges his accu-
sation against my loyalty. I am not called upon
to defend my loyalty, and I charge any man with
falsehood who impugns it. My loyalty, and the
threat of the gentleman to expel me—I will be
ready to meet that question here and elsewhere
when any gentleman has sufficient temerity to
make the proposition.
Again thanking the gentleman from Delaware
for this opportunity to reply, I yield to him the
floor.
Mi-. KINNEY. Will the gentleman from Del- !|
aware yield to nie for one moment? j
Mr. SM1THERS. I think this debate has gone
far enough, and I decline to yield.
CONFISCATED PROPERTY.
The House then resumed the consideration of
the joint resolution (H. R. No. 18) to amend a
joint resolution explanatory of an actto suppress
insurrection, to punish treason and rebellion, to
seize and confiscate the property of rebels, and for
other purposes, approved July 17,1862, on which
the gentleman from Delaware [Mr. Smithers]
was entitled to the floor.
Mr. SMITHERS. Mr. Speaker, though the
question before the House is strictly the consid-
eration of the amendment to the resolution ex-
planatory of the act of 1862, yet, as it has been
considered as involving the power of Congress to
inflict forfeiture in fee as punishment for treason,
I propose, among other things, to present my
views briefly upon that subject. I offer no apol-
ogy for occupying the time of the House on ques-
tions alike novel and important; and though I may
fail to affect the opinion of any gentleman upon
the floor, I shall, however imperfectly, have but
performed a duty.
The rare occurrence of the crime since the adop-
tion of the Constitution has prevented any author-
itative judicial interpretation, and the meager com-
ments of elementary writers afford little aid in its
exposition. It must therefore be treated as a case
of first impression, and the instrument must be
its own interpreter. In determining its meaning
the words are to be taken in their natural and com-
mon acceptation, except only where technical
terms are employed they are to receive a legal and
artificial construction. The framcrs of the Con-
stitution fully understood the force of the words
used in relation to a matter so familiar. Perfectly
cognizant of the terrible evils attendant upon a
power in the judiciary to declare cases of con-
stiuctive treason or in Congress to define in what
it should consist, they ordained a constitutional
definition, and prescribed that it should "only
consist in levying war against the United States
or in adhering to their enemies, giving them aid
and comfort." Having thus limited and hedged
about the crime by exclusive words, they left to
Congress the whole power of declaring its pun-
ishment, coupled with a qualification the object
and construction of which is the matter in dispute.
It will be observed that the power is granted in
general terms:
" The Confess have power to decliire the punifcll-
ment at 11 uiwon, but no attainder of treason shall work cor-
rupUun of blood, or lbiluituie cxccpt during the hie of the
person attainted.^
If there be any denial or restriction upon the
capacity by legislative enactment to affix any
measure or mode of punishment known to the
common law, or to the Parliament of Great Brit-
ain, upon the trial and conviction of the traitor,
it is contained m this clause, and in that other
provision which declares that " crueland unusual
punishments shall not be inflicted." I say upon
the trial and conviction of the offender, for I
maintain that this section has no reference to the
odious and abominable piactice of declaring per-
sons attainted by bill without indictment or form
of trial, ns practiced by the JJrilish Parliament,
and which is specially prohibited by a preceding
clause of the Constitution. A careful inspection
of the sentence will show that the object was not
to limit the power of Congress, but to restrict the
opetation of attainder in its well-known attribute
of woi king unlimited corruption of blood and per-
petual forfeiture of estate. For itwillbeobserved
that the power to attaint is not denied, but im-
pliedly granted and recognized as within the
power of Congress to impose as a specific punish-
ment. The foifeiture restricted by the Constitu-
tion to the pmiod of the life of the offender was
that worked by attainder, and has no reference to
forfeiture specifically imposed as punishment un-
coupled with attainder and prescribed in the ex-
ercise of the general power precedently given to
declare the punishment of treason.
The clause is properly no restriction on the
power of Congress to impose a penalty, but only
a constitutional definition of the consequence and
limitatfon upon the operation of a particular mode
of punishment, known as attainder. It declared
in effect that Congress might attaint, hut that such
attainder should be deemed to work forfeiture only
during the life of the person attainted.
In this connection it is suggestive that the clause
under consideration is contained in the article of
the Constitution vesting judicial power, and from
its location would seem to be a rule of judicial con-
struction, limiting the courts in determining the
consequences of attainder to confine its operation
to the period of life only. It announced that
when the heir cameto claim the estate which had
descended to him from his attainted parent, or
through that parent from a more remote ancestor,,
he should not be held in law as being debarred
from his inheritance by the technical operation of
a common law punishment, following conviction
and working absolute forfeiture and indefinite cor-
ruption of blood.
I incline to differ from those who construe the
words except during life" as referring to the
point of time at which the forfeiture is worked,
and not to the quantity of estate divested. I dif-
fer because of the nature of the attainder whose
operation is thus restricted. Unless my reading of
the provision be erroneous, the attainder referred
to is such only as at common law resulted from
conviction on indictment. It has no relation to
such attainders as were imposed by statutes, op-
erating immediately without process, ordinarily
called bills of attainder.
These were the terrible engines of despotic cru-
elty by which men were punished for acts which
when committed were not criminal; exhumed af-
ter death, and branded with the infamy of treason
without trial; their estates forfeited without pro-
cess of law, and their posterity rendered incapa-
ble of inheriting from or through them to the re-
motest generations. The power to enact such
statutes is expressly denied to Congress by that
clause which ordains that " no bill of attainder or
ex post facto law shall be passed," and the clause
under consideration contemplates it as being spe-
cially provided as punishment for crime—to be
pronounced upon the conviction of the offender
as a part of the sentence of the law upon the judg-
ment of the court. If this view be correct it
would seem to follow that the operation of the
attainder to work forfeiture must necessarily arise
during the life of the person attainted, and that
upon the construction contended for by those who
limit the words as defining the point of time when
its operation commences, this provision was un-
necessary, as the attainder imposed as punish-
ment upon conviction, and which alone is recog-
nized by the Constitution, must of necessity work
during the life of the culprit; and as the divesti-
ture of estates, which occurred after the death of
the person attainted, resulted from corruption of
blood, and did not acciue by way of forfeiture as
the immediate consequence of attainder, corrup-
tion of blood being wholly taken away, these
words would seem to indicate the quantity of es-
tate forfeited.
But it is also suggested that by the imposition
and execution of the sentence of death the for-
feiture worked by the attainder was no material
punishment, and that therefore these words are
to receive a construction as declaring the time at
which forfeiture shall be worked. This argu-
ment would be potential if Congress had no right
to impose any other penalty, and if the object of
the Constitution had been to vest in Congress the
power to declare that form of punishment instead
of being to vest a general discretion; to exclude
: the conclusion of the necessity of resorting to that
form, and to limit the effect of attainder when pre-
scribed. But Congress is intrusted by the Con-
stitution with the unlimited power to declare what
penalty it will inflict. It has chosen to prescribe
death, omitting attainder; but imprisonment, ban-
ishment, forfeiture, or all of them, or any other,
if deemed appropriate and adequate, were equally
within its legitimate authority. To the penalty
of death it might have added attainder, which by
its own operation, and not by force of the statute,
would have worked forfeiture. I say added at-
tainder, for I hold that under our Constitution
attainder is not a consequence of the judgment,
at common law, but must be specially declared
by Congress as part of the punishment, but when
declared and pronounced by the court, immediate-
ly worked forfeiture according to the limited opera-
tion prescribed by the Constitution. I say worked
forfeiture, for if the forfeiture were contained in
the statute and imposed as specific punishment of
