1420
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBES.
April 5,
suppose that Fie will abandon man and his rights
to their own fate, and suffer their destiny to be
worked out by their own means and with their
own lights, I never doubted that the day must
come when human slavery would be exterminated
by a convulsive effort on the part of the bonds-
men, unless that other and better reason and in-
fluence which might bring it about should be suc-
cessful—the mild though powerful influences of
that higher and elevated morality which the
Christian religion teaches. I concurred and con-
cur still in the judgment of the great apostle of
American liberty, the author of that Declaration
which is to live through all time as the Magna
Charta of human rights, that in a contest between
the slave to throw off his thralldom and the master
who holds him to it, the God of justice could
take no part in favor of the latter. And as I have
said to the Senate already, and alluded to it on a
former occasion, my opinion upon the institution
is not now for the first time announced.
i participated in a debate in this body in 1847,
when Mr. Calhoun was one of its leading spirits,
a man of almost unparalleled ability, weakened,
if weakened at all in its actual exercise, only by
its acuteness. He tried to satisfy the Senate, as
I have no doubt he had satisfied himself by his
own sophistry, that republican freedom and hu-
man African slavery could only exist together,
and he proclaimed his devotion to the Union and
to the principles of the Constitution upon the
ground that those principles recognized the ex-
istence of human slavery, and by its recognition
enabled republican Government to stand. In re-
plying to that truly great man—and in all the
relations of life, at least in all the relations of pri-
vate life, most excellent man—I expressed views
which, with the permission of the Senate, I will
now read. Having in the course of the debate
denied the authority of Congress to annex to a
territorial hill what was called the Wilmot pro-
viso, and, under the then condition of the country,
if the authority existed, the expediency of an-
nexing it, (from which it might have been in-
ferred, if I had stopped there, that I concuned in
the remarks of the honorable Senator, and that!
was one of the southern men who,departing from
the teachings of their fathers, had become a con-
vert to tiie institution itselfas one not only war-
ranted morally but guarantied almost as a reli-
gious institution,) I said:
"•Having expressed tin* opinion, it is due to rnysHf, and
to convictions long and unalterably fixed, to state the opin-
ion I enteitain upon the institution of slavery ut.rU. I have
no opinion which J wit-h to conceal upon any question,
whether it an.-e* prematurely or not, if it does au*<\ f be-
lieve, and have ever believed >mce I was capable of thought,
that it is a great affliction to any country where it pie vails ;
and, ^o believing, 1 can never vote for any measure calcu-
lated to enlarge it* area, or f<> render more permanent Us
duration. In some latitudes, and for some agricultural
staple*-, slave luboi may be, to the nw-t^r, the most valua-
ble spueies ot labor, though this I greatly doubt. Xu others,
and particularly in my own State, i am convinced that it
is the v< r> doare.st species of labor; and m all, as far as
national wealth and power and hdppmps« are concerned,
i am persuaded it admits of no comparison with the labor
of Ireemcn ; and, above all, disguise it as we may, if the
laws of population f-hall not be changed by Providence,
or man's nature shall not be chanced, it is an institution,
sooner or later, precnant with learlul peril. Jt is unncees
sary and would be improper to enlarge on such a topi* 1 u
my own State, pir, I am «ati«fi<?d that, but for the move-
ments of political abolitionisi«i, slavery would scarcely now
have existed. The cuirent ot public opinion wa? ail set-
ting towaui its giadual extinction. Law* were parsed to
encourage and facilitate manumission, but these move-
ments have changed this opinion, and caused laws to be
modified, almost to the, prohibition of freedom.
il Tile opinion 1 hold upon thiMn^titntion is not nowfor the
fir-jt tune {firmed or expieuscu by a southern man. The his-
tory of out eomitiy proves tin*. At the period of the Ueclaia-
tion ot our Indf pendence—at the period of the adoption of
the ('on.-'Million—i here was but one sentiment upon the sub-
ject among enlightened southern statesmen. What J. have
t-asd wiij, on every pioper occasion, more forcibly said by
them, and, as foremost amone them, by Mr. Jefferson and
Mr. Madt-on, and, as far a? I know, their opinion was ever
unchanged. ( do most earnestly hope, therefoie.and I be-
lieve that if the South is left to itself—if the North does not
interfere with us—before a century shall have passed, sla-
very will ciM>c to exist by gradual and peaceful emancipa-
tion, and as it* consequence, by increasing, instead of df-
imni-lung, the wealth and power oi the .States where u
now prevails.
<>Aftei having said this much, it Is hardly necessary to
say that I differ with the honmable Senator from South
Carolina as to the conservative influence of slaveiy upon
our fiee political m.-mution.s. I do not hold with him that
they depend in any degiee upon the existence of suavely.
If I did, I should value tneni infinitely le-s thau r do. in
my judgment, they rest upon the virtue and intelligence of
the peoplo, acid have (heir firmest support in the blessings
which they impart."—Con*re%sionai Globe, Twenty-Ninth
Congress, second session, p. 654.
With these impressions, Mr. President, I am
called upon to decide for myself what is best to
be done to get rid of an institution so pregnant
with mischief, so full of peril. I shall not stop
to inquire, as I intimated just now, whether it has
produced the war or not. One tiling, in my judg-
ment, is perfectly clear, now that thai war is upon
us, that a prosperous and permanent peace can
never be secured if the institution is permitted to
survive; and will it notsurvive unless a measure
like that upon your table shall receive the sanc-
tion which t.he Constitution requires ? That brings
me to inquire into the legality an<f the effect of the
other means by which it is proposed to get rid of it.
The honorable member from Ohio, [Mr. Sher-
man,] if I understood him correctly, in thespeech
made some weeks since to which we all listened
with so much pleasure, and for myself with so
much instruction, seemed to consider itas within
the power of Congress by virtue of its legislative
authority. There are many well-judging men,
with the President at their iiead, who seem to
suppose that it is within the reach of the Exec-
utive; while, on the contrary, there are . some
among us who express the opinion that it is not
within the scope of either executive or legislative
authority or of constitutional amendment. In my
judgment, it can only be effected in the latter
mode; but before I proceed to the consideration
of the questions which belong to that particular
inquiry, I will address myself to the other two
ways by which it is maintained by some that the
end may be accomplished.
First, can it be accomplished by the President ?
Hq does not claim for himself—he has not gone
to that extent—the authority to abolish slavery
except as an incident of the military power with
which in the state of civil war in which we are
engaged'he is vested as Commander-in-Chief of
the Army. He maintains that it is a power in-
cident to that command; and the honorable mem-
ber from Ohio (for the remark is equally applica-
ble to this ground of power as well as to the le-
gislative ground of power) takes apparently the
same view. lie told us—and in the statement he
was partly correct, but for his purpose,as I think,
substantially wrong—that the Supreme Court of
the United States at the last term had decided that
there existed between the seceding States and the
United States a condition of war which gave to
the United States find thesecedingStatesasagainst
each other all the belligerent rights which be-
longed to n state of war existing internationally.
1 thinlc I speak it advisedly when I state that
the Supreme Court, whatever may have been their
language, designed laying down no such propo-
sition. They asserted, what cannot be dented,
because your own legislation had recognized its
existence, and because the fact, independent of
that recognition, was apparent, thata state of war
did exist; that the insurrection, however it might,
in the first instance, have been arrested by means
of the mere civil power of the Government, had
culminated to a point which placed it beyond the
reach of that power, and beyond the reach of any
other power but the power of war with which the
GovernmcntoftheUnitcd States is clothed; butin
so saying they only meant for the purpose of the
pa rticular cases which were before them, and in re-
gard to the pai ticular questions presented by those
eases, to rely upon the belligerent rights growing
outof that condition of things in ordertojustify the
conclusion to which they came, that goods cap-
tured upon the high seas abroad from the territorial
limits of the seceded States were to be considered
as prize of warand to be determined by the prin-
ciples applicable to prize law as known to the law
of nations. But tft so saying, and in meeting the
objection that although in one sense it was a war,
yet in another sense it was a mere rebellion in
which each one of the parties concerned in the se-
ceded States was committing from day to day, and
as often as he denied the authority of the United
States and attempted to maintain his denial by
force of arms, treason, they said that these par-
ties wore not the less to be considered as enemies
because they were traitors.
The Supreme Court never pretended and never
intimated, as i read their opinion, that the exist-
ence of that belligerent relation terminated all the
civil obligations which the citizens of the seceded
States were under to the Government of the Uni-
ted States; but, on the contrary, announced it as
the inevitable inference from the statement which
I have just made, that in their view they were
enemies although traitors; that although they
were enemies, they were not less so because they
were traitors; that in point of fact, as the parties
then stood, there was due from each one of the citi-
zens or inhabitants of the seceded States an alle-
giance and an obligation to fulfill it, and of course
to observe the laws and yield to the authority
of the United States, which, at the end of the war,
if that end should be so successful as to reinstate
the Government of the United States in authority,
might proceed against them under the laws of the
land as traitors, and in the sense of the Constitu-
tion which defined the crime of treason.
It would be monstrous, Mr. President, as 1
think, if it were otherwise. There are now—I
think the number has been lessened, and it is
due to truth,as I think, so to state, by the policy
which has been adopted in the prosecution of the
war—but there are now in the rebellious States
hundreds and thousands of citizens just as de-
voted to the Union as any member of the Senate,
and just as anxious to see its authority restored
as any member of this body. These are entitled,
therefore, to the protection of the Government.
Their obedience in point of fact and their osten-
sible obedience to the eye to the power which is
around them, in itself a Government de facto, is
an obedience which they have no powerto resist,
and upon the well-established principles of the
laws of nations is an obedience in which there is
no crime.
All that the Executive can do as the head of the
military in this war is to be derived, and to be
derived exclusively, from what is called the war
power. The bringing into existence that power
practically is a matter for Congress. The Pres-
ident may, in the absence of an act of Congress
declaring war, wage a war of self-defense; may
receive war tendered by another nation before
Congress shall recognize it. That was done in
the case of the Mexican war. Ail that Congress
did by the act which they passed in 1846, after
the first battles of Palo Alto and Resaca de la
Palma, was to recite, in the act of Congress which
provided for the increase of the Army, and ap-
propriated a sum sufficient for that purpose, the
existence as a fact of the war brought about by
the action of Mexico. The war power, there-
fore, is m the Congress of the United States, sub-
ject to their control, and the power of the Presi-
dent of the United States, consequent upon the ex-
istence of a war in point of fact, as a power derived
from his rightand constitutional authority to com-
mand the armies of the United States, as far as a
question of this description is concerned, is a
power limited from day to day by the progress
which the war may make.
If it be true—-and I shall not stop to inquire-—
that it is a legal exercise of a belligerent right to
manumit the slaves of the enemy, one thing is per-
fectly certain as a proposition equally applicable
to a civil war, which in this aspect, with reference
to the power which it confers on the President,
stands precisely in the condition in which his
power stands in the case of an international war,
that he has no practical power to effect the man-
umission of slaves belonging to the enemy where
he has not the physical power to attain that re-
sult. To proclaim freedom in Washington, or to
proclaim it upon the confines of loyal territory
before your aimies have marched at all toward
the subjection of the rebellion, towaid the con-
quest of the foe, of itself operates nothing. The
President never uttered a truth more absolutely
sound than when he stated that a proclamation of
manumission or of freedom could have just as
much effect upon the slaves of the enemy as a
popish bull would have upon the course of a comet.
All, therefore, in my view, that can be accom-
plished by means of presidential power derived
frotn his being by the Constitution placed at the
head of the armies of the United States in this
war is, that if he can get, the slave under the con-
trol of the Union he can manumit him.
Slaves are property in one sense. No one, I
think, can deny that. That is to say, by the laws
of the States where the institution exists they are
property; and with reference to such laws there is
no distinction at all between that species of prop-
erty and any other species of chattel property.
Everything that can be done in regard to every
other species of property can be done in regard to
this. That being the case, if the Presidentof the
