1864.
THE COISTGrElSSIONAL GLOBE;
to read, "at the price at which such Government
lands are sold at the time such patents issue."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I move to insert,, in line fif-
teen of section five, these words at the* end of the
line, "granted to said company."
Mr. TRUMBULL. It seems to me that that
makes a limitation that destroys the effect of the
provision if I understand it. The bill as it now
reads provides:
That within two years after the passage of this act the
said company shall designate such genera! route of said
road, as near as may be, and shall file a map of the same in
the Department of the Interior; whereupon the Secretary
of the Interior shall cause the lands within fifteen miles of
such designated route to be withdrawn from preemption,
private-entry, or sale.
The Senator from Iowa moves to insert the
words "granted to said company," so as to read,
" whereupon the Secretary of the Interior shall
cause the lands granted to said company within
fifteen miles of such designated route to be with-
drawn," &c. There is no use in withdrawing
them from the market; if they are granted to the
company, of course they are not in the market.
Mr. HOWARD. The sole object of with-
drawal is to ascertain what lands will be granted
to the company. The whole mass of the lands
lying on each side of the line of the road foracer-.
tain distance are to be withheld from sale or pre-
emption for the very purpose of making the se-
lection of the proper alternate sections.
Mr. HARLAN. There is no selection of al-
ternate sections to be made. The bill itself pro-
vides that the odd sections and parts thereof shall
be granted, and it does not grant an acre of an
even section. The text of the bill, as it stands,
would require the Secretary of the Interior to with-
draw from sale not only the odd sections which
are provisionally granted, but also to withdraw
from sale, preemption, and settlement, all the even
sections; and as there are public lands lyingalong
the line of these branch roads where the lands have
been surveyed and been in market for a series of
years, as well as in the unsurveyed Territories, it
seems to me the Senate will perceive that it would
work great inconvenience to these settlements to
prohibit persons from settling on the even sections
of land which this bill does not propose to grant to
any of these companies. If my amendment shall
be adopted, it will require the Secretary to with-
draw trom sale, preemption, and settlement, the
odd sections within the limits indicated, and the
even sections will be subject to sale, preemption,
and settlement.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose the object of
withdrawing these lands from sale is evident. The
bill provides that in case the odd sections which
are proposed to be granted to the company shall
have been previously appropriated, previously
entered or preempted, or belong to some other
person than the Government, the company is to
be authorized to select in lieu of the sections which
itcannotobtain other sections within fifteen miles
of the road; and I suppose the object of withdi aw-
ing the land is to afford an opportunity to go out-
side to the extent of thirty miles, fifteen on cach
side of the road, for the purpose of selecting lands
to make up the quantity that is intended to be
granted by the bill, to make up the full comple-
ment.
Now, if you simply provide, as I said before,
to withdraw from preemption and sale the lands
that are granted to the company, you do not pro-
vide anything, and you had better strike out the
whole of it. There is no need of such a clause as
that. The lands granted to the company are by
the grant withdrawn from preemption, sale, or
private entry. Nobody else can enter them, or
settle upon them, or meddle with them after they
have been granted to the company. It would re-
quire a change of the whole section, I think, to
carry out the Senator Js idea. Thisisa teinpoi ary
provision, as I understand it—I do notremember
now how long it extends—to withdraw from the
market, when the company shall have located the
road, all the lands within fifteen miles of it, to
give them an opportunity, not to select the odd
section, as the Senator from Iowa very properly
remarks, within ten miles of the road, because
the law determines that, and it requires no selec-
tion; but in case that an odd section has been ap-
propriated to other purposes, and the company
cannot therefore have the benefit of it, the inten-
tion, I suppose, is to give them an opportunity
within this limit to make the selection, and then
the lands will come into market again.
Mr. HARLAN. With the consentof the Sen-
ate, I will modify my amendment, so as to insert
the words "odd sections of" before the words
" the lands," in line fifteen of section five. The
clause will then read:
Whereupon the Secretary of the Interior shall cause the
odd sections oi the lands within fifteen miles of such des-
ignated route to be withdrawn from preeinp^on, 8tc.
Mr. CONNESS. Does the Senator withdraw
his other amendment?
Mr. HARLAN. Yes, sir, and offer this in
lieu of it.
The chairman of the committee laughs at my
suggestion. Sir, there are some things that I
know as well as he does, and this is one of them.
I know that he is not right and that I am. The
bill grants the odd sections of land within the
limits of ten miles on each side of the road, and
if these odd sections or parts of them have been
sold by the Government or preempted, or home-
stead settlers 'have settled on them, or if they
have been reserved or granted for other purposes,
the company may go outsideof the ten mile limit,
within fifteen miles, and select lands to make up
for the deficiency thus occasioned. The object
I have in view is, that the Secretary of the Inte-
rior shall withdraw from sale the odd sections of
land not only within the limits of ten miles which
are granted,buttheodd sections without the limit
often miles and within fifteen miles; though that
ought to be twenty miles, for in another provision
they are authorized to go within the limits of
twenty miles, while the text of the bill here says
fifteen miles. I intended to offer an amendment
to strike out " fifteen" in this clause and insert
"twenty,"so as to make the provisions of the
amendment on this subject congruous through-
out. The object 1 have is that the Secretary shall
withdraw from sale the odd sections of land within
twenty miles on each side of the road, so as to
enable the companies to go outsideof the ten mile
limit and within the limit of twenty miles to make
up the deficiency of land in lieu of those that may
have been otherwise disposed of by the. Federal
Government before the company may have filed
the plat of the surveyed route of the road.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There will be no objection
to that.
Mr. HOWARD. I said expressly that 1 should
accept the amendment as modified by the Senator
from Iowa,and I supposed ithad passed the body,
"fihe Senator seems to complain that I laughed at
him. I am not conscious of having laughed or
smiled at the honorable Senator from Iowa. He
is certainly under an entire misapprehension in
that regard.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I suggest to the Senator
from Iowa whether the language of the amend-
ment would not be more consonant with the lan-
guage of the bill if he were to say " designated
by odd numbers." It will then read:
Whereupon the Secretary of the Intel lor shall cause the
lands designated by odd numbers witlun fifteen miles of
such designated route to be withdrawn tiom preemption,
puvate entry, orsale.
That is the language used in the bill.
Mr. HARLAN. 1 have no objection to that
modification if the Senator prefers it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER,(Mi\Anthony.)
The amendment to the amendment will be so mod-
ified.
The amend ment, as modified, to the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I think it would now be
necessary in that clause to strike out " fifteen
and insert "twenty."
Mr. HARLAN. It would be; and I have
marked such an amendment.
Mr. POMEROY. bisection five,line sixteen,
I move to strike out "fifteen" and insert "twen-
ty;" m line twenty-one of the same section to
strike out " fifteen" and insert " twenty;" and in
line thirty-one of the same section to strike out
"fifteen and insert " twenty." That will make
the section in harmony with the other provisions
of the bill. .
Mr. HOWARD. I have no objection to that
amendment.
Theamendmentto theamendmentwasagreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. In section five, line seven-
teen, I move to insert the words "homestead set-
tlement" after the word " preemption," so that
the clause will read: 1 ,
Whereupon the Secretary of the Interior shall cause the
lands designated by odd numbers within twenty miles**of
such designated route to be withdrawn' from preemption,
homestead settlement, private entry, or sale. ' :
Mr. HOWARD. I have no objection to that.
Theamendmentto theamendmentwasagreedto.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I suggest to the Senator
from Iowa whether in the twentieth line of the
fifth section, after the word "lands," the same
words ought not to be inserted as were inserted
after the word "lands" in the fifteenth line,
" designated by odd numbers?"
Mr. HARLAN. I think it would be neces-
sary.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move that amendment.
Theamendmenttotheamendmentwasagreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. In seetion five, line twenty,
three, I move to strike out the word " hereinbe-
fore" and to insert" herein."
Mr. HOWARD. What is the reason for that _
change ?
Mr. HARLAN. The word " hereinbefore,"
as I suppose, would refer to the grants made in
the first part of the bill preceding tliat word. In
the succeeding parts of the bill there are grants
made conditionally to other corporations through
different parts of the country, and I suppose that
that word might be construed so as to limit the
grant to this one company alone.
Mr. HOWARD. It seems to me that the Sen-
ator's criticism is entirely hypercritical, for every
possible case and contingency that can arise in
relation to these other companies is provided for
in plain terms in this substitute which has been •
reported by the committee; so that, in my judg-
ment, it is impossible that any such difficulty as
the Senator seems to apprehend could arise in the
operation of the bill" Nevertheless, I am willing
to yield to him ami allow the amendment to be
made in order to remove any doubt that may hang
upon his own mind in relation to this subject, for
I wish to get through with the bill.
Theamendmentto theamendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. In seciion five, line thirty-
two, after the word." road," I move to insert the
following words:
But this clansc shall not l>e so construed as to impair the
vested rights of settlers, preemptois, or purchasers at the
date of the publication of said change at the proper land
offices, to be made by the registers thereof, under Hie direc-
tion of the President of the United States.
Mr. POMEROY. I should like to inquire of
the chairman of the Committee on Public Lands
what effect that amendment would have upon that
portion of the route where the lands were with-
drawn from market last year under the old bill of
1862? If this measure goes into effect from and
after its passage, would it not make valid all the
claims of the settlers that have entered on those
lands during the past year?
Mr. HARLAN. 1 think not. It was not my
intention to affect them. The bill first provides
in this section that a plat of the road shall be filed
within two years in the Department of the Inte-
rior, and afterwards the odd sections ofland within
certain limits shall be withdrawn from market.
It then provides that the companies may relocate
their line, and, as it seemed to me, the phraseol-
ogy of the bill would enable the companies to un-
dermine the persons who might have settled on
the public lands outsideof these limits by a change
of the line of their road to the right or to the left.
The language is this:
And the Secretary of the Interior shall cause the said
lands herein granted to be surveyed and set apart as may
be necessary for the purposes herein named whenever any
portion of said line of road shall be finally located.
Now comes the clause:
And said company are authorized to modify and change
the location of any portion or portions of its line, with the
app&val of the President of the United States, and there-
upon the provisions herein mentioned as to withdrawal,
survey, and setting apart of said lands shall be deemed to
icier and apply to the land within twenty miles ot such
changed location of the road.
So that if a party should settle on lands outside
of the twenty mile limits, and these companies
were to change the location of the road, two, three,
or five years afterwards so as to bring those lands
within the limits of the twenty miles, the effect
of this clause would be to oust him from his pos-
sessions.
Mr. HOWARD. I think that would be lm-
