mn
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 29,
nia militia standing in front of this army of Lee
to prevent their marching up into New York
and other northern States.
Mr. COWAN. It is inconceivable to mo why
Senators will persist in misrepresenting what has
been said upon the floor here. I said nothing
about the Pennsylvania militia standing in front
of Lee. I said that the Sta^te ofPennsylvanialay
between Lee and the States of New York and
New Jersey and New England, and that that was
why she was invaded—not because she was spe-
cially the State of Pennsylvania, but because it
was necessary to invade her in order^to get atthe
rest. I said nothingaboutthemilitiaof the State
of Pennsylvania, what they did or what they did
not do.
Mr. WILKINSON. All I have got to say is
that Minnesota lost pretty nearly a hundred men
at Gettysburg, and I doubt whether there were
one hundred of the militia of the whole State of
Pennsylvania killed during that invasion. I very
much doubt whether one hundred of the Penn-
sylvania militia were killed, but pretty nearly
one hundred Minnesotians he in the graveyard
in the national cemetery at Gettysburg.
Mr. COWAN. I certainly should be the last
man in the world to detract from the bravery of
the soldiers of Minnesota, i believe they are as
good soldiers as there are in the world; but 1 do
not believe they are any better than those of other
States, although the honorable Senator takes
every possible opportunity to tell us something
about what the brave soldiers of Minnesota have
done. Mr. President, our soldiersarc all Ameri-
cans; they do not belong to this State or that
State or the other State; and the man who at-
tempts to make capital or to make himself fame
by drawing these lines of distinction and by call-
ing them by these sectional names is not helping
to strengthen the Union or the great American
cause. Let us uvoid it.
Mr. WILKINSON. The Senator will do me
the justice to say that 1 alluded particularly to the
militia, not to the regular soldiers from Pennsyl-
vania. The regular soldiers from Pennsylvania
I admit were m that fight, i merely alluded to
the nnhlia which are icfened to m this bill. 1
think the seventh regiment.from New York was
sentdown to Pennsylvania, i believe otherrogi-
ments that were not mustered into the service of
the United States were also down there. I do not
know whether they were in the fight or not; but
they were ready, as well as the militia of X^etv -
sylvania, to go into the fight if it was necessary.
1 do not allude to the regular soldiers from the
State ofPennsylvunia,for they have been justas
brave as any soldiers in the United States.
Mr. COWAN. I think thatafiy allusion what-
ever to the soldiers of any particular State by
name, particularly by way of sinister disparage-
ment to other soldiers, ia unfortunato, improper,
not calculated to do any good, but calculated to
provoke on the other hand the same kind of im-
proper eulogy and detraction. I tlunk we should
sedulously avoid it. 1 have observed that line of
conduct for myself. I never eulogize the sokheis
of Pennsylvania, for fear it might be thought that
by singling them out for my eulogy 1 ieflected
upon those of some other States, and I know of
no reason for doing it. Jf 1 wore asked to-day
what State 1 believed produced the best soldiers
of the Union I could not say. I could neither say.
it upon my honor nor my oath. I think they
have all behaved very well, not only from the
loyal Stales but from the disloyal. So far as sol-
diering is concerned, a man might be proud of
his connection with either of them as an American.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment offered by the Senator from
Ohio.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of Mr. Sherman was to
add the following additional proviso:
Jind provided further, That only so nmdi shall be allowed
and paid to such militia as would have been allowed and
paid to other military forces m the service oi the United
State.- oi the same grade.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TEN EYCK. The adoption of the amend-
ments of the Senator from Ohio, as. I understand
it, renders it necessaiy to move to strike out the
proviso at the end of the firstsention, and I move
to strike out that proviso, which is in these words:
Provided, That the expenses of none of the militia of
any State shall be paid under this act who refused to he
musteied into the seiviee ot the United States.
Mr, WILKINSON. I hope that amendment,
will not be stricken out. if in such an emergency
as that soldiers refuse to be mustered into the
service, lam unwilling and 1 will not vote to pay
them.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I do not know how that
question could fairly come up. There were some
of them who were not mustered into the service
of the United States under the express provision
and stipulation of the Secretary of War. It may
be said that they refused to be sworn in, and yet
it may never have been offered to them to refuse
or not. I do not know whether it will apply to
any of the tioops fiom the State of New York or
not; I do not know whether they were mustered
in or not; but 1 know that some from my State
were not actually mustered into the service of the
United States. They were that class of troops to
whom 1 have referred, who came back from their
long service in the field and went to the assist-
ance of Pennsylvania m the exigency of the case
under the urgent requestof the Governors of the
two States and the Secretary of War, without
ever going home to their families. They did all
the service required of them,although they were
not actually mustered into the service of the Uni-
ted States as United States soldiers. They were
militia-men of the United States, and are entitled
to just as much pay,and having received the pay,
the State is entitled to receive remuneration just
as much as if they were sworn into the service.
1 hope the amendment will be adopted.
Mr. WILKINSON. I call for the yeas and
nays upon the amendment.
The yeas and nays were oidercd.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is one objection to
the amendment of the Senator from New Jersey
that he certainly has not considered. I wish to
have it considered. I should like to know from
the Senator from New Jersey how the United
States can tell what militia to pay if they were
not mustered into their service. Have we got to
go to the rolls of New Jersey to ascertain who
actually served? I ask the Senator how can he
solve that difficulty? Plow can we tell who have
served in the hervice of the United States unless
we have the musteiing-in rolls of the Department
regular in form?
Mr. TEN EYCK. Can there be any difficulty
about that? How were the accounts of the militia-
men of the State of Pennsylvania made out? By
the muster-rolls brought down here. Every man
who was mustered m in the State of New York or
in the State of New Jersey was mustered into a
regular company, and took an oath to obey his of-
ficeisandto perfmm service and dutyas a soldier
for that exigency. There is a record of them in the
Adjutant General's office of each of these States.
These accounts will have to be adjusted of course
by the Government, and they can learn them just
as well from the muster-rolls in those States as
they could from the muster-rolls of the United
States. Sir, I think this is rather a sharp point
to take. How is it to be discovered what men
served ? It was discovered when they were called
upon to go to the relief of the country generally
that they were on the ground, and every man of
them was reported to the Executive of the State
of Pennsylvania, and, for aught I know, to the
Government here; but whether they were or not
I take it for granted the Government here will
make provision to ascertain that fact,fortheGov-
ernment here appealed to the Executive of the
State of New Jersey to send troops, stating that
they should receive the same pay and rations as
if they were sworn and mustered into the service
of the United States.
Mr. SHERMAN. I feel bound to vote for the
amendment of the Senator from New Jersey for
! this reason: the Secretary of War by telegram
expressly accepted all the militia of the State of
New Jersey, and waived their mustering into the
service of tRe United States; but I hope it will
never be done again, it was done under the
emergency, and an emergency put upon the Gov-
ernment by the Governor of the State of New
Jersey.
Mr. TEN EYCK. Radon me 
Mr. SHERMAN. It must have been so. The
rule was applied to New York. The regimen ts of
militia from the Slate of New York were mus-
tered into the service of the United States, as I
understand; and the same is true of the militiaof
Pennsylvania.
Mr. TEN EYCK. Will the Senator pardon
me for on£ moment? We had no regular nuluia
system perfected in New Jersey as they have in
the State of Ohio. The invasion of Pennsylvania
by the rebel army under General Lee occurred just
about the time that a number of our regiments that
had been in the service of the United States were
about being disbanded. They had returned home,
but were still in camp waiting to be mustered out.
The whole effort was to get those men to retrace
their steps, and go into the service again during
that emergency. It would have been a severe
thing to insist upon it that those men should be
sworn in for any length of time. The great ob-
ject was to obtain the services of those men. One
of those men would be equal to at least three
green men called into the field upon an emergency
like that. That is the reason why there was a
difficulty. These men were willing to go; they
were willing to serve; they were willing to help
to repel this invasion; but the probability is they
were unwilling as a body to go off immediately
and be mustered into the service without limita-
tion as to time. I have given the Senate the rea-
son why it was, and it seems to me rational, and
I think we can understand it. Although we may
hope it may never take place again, I hope we
may never have an occasion like it again.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I move that the Sen-
ate take a recess until seven o'clock.
Mr. HARLAN. Before that motion is put I
should like to call up a resolution that I know
will not be objected to by any member of the
body. It is Senate joint resolution No. 74.
Mr. SUMNER. It can be done by unanimous
consent.
Mr. COWAN. I will not object unless it dis-
places the order of business.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will not in
the opinion of the Chair.
DAY OF NATIONAL HUMILIATION.
On motion of Mr. HARLAN, the Senate, as
in Committee of fhe Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution (S. No. 74) requesting
the President to appoint a day for national hu-
miliation and prayer. The resolution is as fol-
lows:
lie. it resolved, That the President of the United
States be lequested to appoint a day for humiliation and
piayer by the people of the Umti'd States ; that he request
hi«  constitutional adviser* at the head of the Executive
Dep.nmienth to unite with him as the Chief Magi-uate of
the nation, at the city of Washington, and the membetsof
Coitgio-s, and all magi&uates, all civil, military, and naval
olheeis, ail soldiery bailors, and marines, with all lo)al
and law-abiding people, to convene at their u-ual place* of
woislnp, oi wherever they may be, to conless and toiepeut
of their manitold sins; to implore the companion and lor-
giveues.s of the Almighty, that, if consistent with Hi-, will,
the existing rebellion may be speedily suppiessed, and the
supremacy of the Constitution and laws of the'United
States may be established throughout ail the States; to
implore Ilim, as the Supreme Ruler of the world, not to
destroy us as a people, nor sufier us to be de&tioyed bv the
hostility or connivance of other nations, or by obstinate
adhesion to our own counsels, which may be in conflict
with ill-, eternal putpo-os, and to implore Hun to enlighten
the mind of the nation to know and do Hi- will; humbly
believing that it is in accoulance with liis will th.it our
place should be maintained as a united people among the
lanuly ot nations; to implore Ilim to giant to oui aimed
defenders and the masses of the people that courage, power
ofro^i-[anee,and endurance necessary to sec ore that roMilt;
to implore IJ un m His infinite goodness to sot ton the heaiis,
enlighten the minds, and quicken the conscienoesof those
in lebolhon, that they may lav down their arms, and speed-
ily return to their allegiance to tin; United States, tliatihey
may not be utterly desnoyed, that the efi'u-iou of blood
may be staged, and that unity and fraternity may be re-
stored, and peace established throughout all our border*.
Mr. HALE. Does that resolution come from
any committee?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair is
informed not. It was offered on leave by the
Senator from Iowa.
Mr. HALE. I hate to differ from a gentle-
man for whom 1 have so much respect as 1 have
for the Senator from Iowa; but 1 confess that to
my perception it is not a resolution which the Sen-
ate ought to pass. There are many reasons for it
to my mind. I shall not state them all, because
some of them might possibly bo offensive to the
Senator from Iowa, for whom i have the highest
respect and the kindest feeling.
1 believe in the efficacy of prayer, 1 think, as
much as the Senator from Iowa; but in my opin-
ion there is very little of it that is aided or bene-
fited by legislative enactments, and 1 believe that
