376
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27>;
been changed by the successful arbitrament of the
sword.
These views seem to me to derive entire con-
firmation from the case of Rose vs. Himely, de-
cided by Chief Justice^larshall and reported in
4th Crouch, 241. It arose upon an appeal from the
sentence of the circuit court for the district of
South Carolina, and briefly upon these facts: the
schooner Sarah, after trading with the rebels of
San Domingo, sailed thence with a cargo pur-
chased there for the United States, and after pro-
ceeding more than ten leagues at sea was captured
by a French privateer, and the cargo sold by the
captcJVs. They were carried by the purchaser into
Charleston and there claimed on behalf of the for-
mer owners. The seizure and condemnation were
based upon a decree of the French Government,
which declared that " khe port of Santo Domingo
was the only one of the colony of Saruo Domingo
open to French and foreign commerce, and that
every vessel sailing within the territorial extent
of the island (except between Cape Raphael and
the bay of Ocoa) found at a less distance than two
leagues from the coast should be arrested and con-
fiscated." The condemnation was reversed by
the court, and restitution awarded on the ground
that it was a mere breach of a municipal regulation,
and therefore not warranted by the law of nations.
In pronouncing the opinion of the court, Chief
Justice Marshall uses the following language,
which is so appropriate to the question under con-
sideration that I quote it even at the expense of
.prolixity:
" Admitting that the ordinary tribunal erected in St.
Domuigo was capable of acting as a prize court, and also
01' taking cognizance of offenses against regulations purely
municipal, it is material to inquire In winch ehaiaetur it
pronounced the sentence of condemnation in the case now
under consideration. In making tills inquiry the relative
situation of St. Domingo and France must necessarily be
considered.
" The colony of St. Domingo originally belonging to
France had broken the bond which connected her with the
parent Stnte, had declared hctbclf independent, and was en-
deavoring to support rhat independence by arms. Franco still
assorted her claim of f-overeignty, and had employed a mil-
itary force in aiipportof her claim. A war dc facto then un-
questionably exi.-ted between i'ranecand Si". Domingo. It
has been argued that the colony, having declared itself a
sovereign State, and having thus far maintained its sover-
eignty by aim5!, mu?t be considered and treated by other
nations as &oveieign in fact, and a* being entitled to main-
tain the same intercourse with the world that is maintained
by other belligerent nations. In support ot this argument
the doctrines of Vattel have been particularly rcfened to.
But the langungo of that writer is obviously addressed to
sovereign-, not to courts. Jt is for Government* to decide
whether they will consider St. Domingo a*> an independent
nation, and until such decision shall bo made, or France
shall relinquish bet claim, courts ol ju-uice must consider
the ancient state ol things as remaining unaltered, and the
sovereign power of France over that colony as still subsist-
ing.
15 It is not intended to say that belligerent rights may not
be superadded to those of sovereignty. But admitting a
soveteign who is t#ftdeavoring to reduce his revolted sub-
jects to obedience to poster both sovereign and belliger-
ent rights, and to be capable, of acting in either character,
the maimer in which he aetn must determine the chaiac-
ter ot the act. If, as a legislator, he publishes a law or-
diuinngifMimi>bm<\uts foj certain ofiWi^es, which law is to
be applied by courts, the u.itute of the law and of the pro-
ceedings under it will decide whether it an exoici&c of
belligerent rights or exclusively of the sovereign power."
" Nothing can be inoic obvious than that these arc strictly
territorial regulations pioeeeding horn the soveicign power
of St. Domuigo, and intended to enlbiee sovereign rights.
Seizure for a breach of this, law is to be made only within
those limits over which the tovereign claimed a right to
legislate in virtue of the exclusive dominion which every
nation po-sen$os within us own territory and within such a
distance from the land as may be considered as a part of its
territory. This power is the same in peace and in war. and
is exeieised according to the discretion of the sovereign."
({It is true that the revolt of the colony is the motive for
this exercise of sovereign power, tftill it is an exercise ot
sovereign powerrestneiing itself within those limits which
are the province ot municipal law, not the exercise of a
belligerent right."
I have cited this opinion at some length, Mr.
Speaker, as) being more cogent, more authorita-
tive, more conclusive than any argument 1 could
possibly make. It establishes the position that
municipal and belligerent rights may coexist and
be concurrently exercised.
Neither blockading ports nor exchanging pris-
oners is in any respect incompatible with the main-
tenance of sovereign power. Miserable would be
the condition of that nation which would be com-
pelled to leave its citizens languishing in dungeons
under penalty of abandonment of its .sovereignty
by consenting to their release. More merciful and
reasonable is that rule which permits the mitiga-
tion of human sufferings and the alleviation of the
horrors of war without altering the status of the
belligerent parties. The act of I8(52isamunicipal
regulation growing out of a state of war, but pre-
scribed by the sovereign through the usual forms
of legislation, and enforced by the ordinary tribu-
nals of justice.
So much, Mr. Speaker, for the question of
power. I hold, also, that the confiscation of the
estates of the leaders in this rebellion is defensi-
ble as a measure of sound policy, and necessary
to the future peace of the Republic.
It will be remembered that this is no sudden
outbreak, no whisky insurrection, no Shay's re-
bellion, to which it has been likened by the gen-
tleman from New York. It was the result of no
gross wrongor intolerable grievance. Its authors
had been in possession of the Government for
thirty years, enjoying its patronage and admin-
istering its functions. No miserable peasantry,
stimulated to violence by oppression or deceived
by the wiles of ambitious demagogues, but men
of culture, the lords of the soil, who appreciated
the nature of the contest and understood the con-
sequences of their crime. Aristocratic by educa-
tion and habit, they saw in the advancing march
of free institutions the onward tread of an ad-
verse civilization which, in its peaceful progress,
was destined not only to deprive them of the
administration of the Government but finally to
revolutionize their social system. Against this
result they rebelled, and inaugurated a war, not
only against the United States, but the immuta-
ble law of the Almighty. The conflict, which
before was peaceful, always irrepressible, is now
to be terminated by arms. One system or the
other must be dominant-, they willbreak us or we
must reduce them. Left in the enjoyment of their
slaves and their lands—the instruments of their
power—they remain masteis of the position, and
we but entail upon posterity the renewal of a
strife which it becomes us now thoroughly to
quell.
I am aware, Mr. Speaker, that these views are
not in unison with the sentiments of the gentle-
man from New York who addressed the House
yesterday. "When he becomes their advocate, I
shall distrust their soundness. To opinions such
as he has expressed is justly attributable not only
the inception but the prolongation of this mourn-
ful contest. The rebel leaders would never have
undertaken therevokhad they not been persuaded
that they would have been permitted to go in
peace. The rebellion would have been overcome
had it not been for the malign counsels of those
who have distracted the nation and pievented the
concentration of its undivided eneigies in its sup-
pression.
The gentleman from New York, under the guise
of peace, is the most efficient promoter of war;
and, standing here as the practical advocate of
recognition, charges the majority of this House
with pieventing the maintenance of the Union.
" Q.uis tulcnt Gracchos do scditionc querenfes ?"
Mr. Speaker, the denial of the right to exercise
the sovereign powers of government has charac-
terized this stiugglc from its inception. Consti-
tutional questions have been raised against it at
every step of Us progress. In the beginning it
Was announced, even by the President of the Uni-
ted States, chaiged with the solemn duty of the
preservation of the Union and the enforcement of
its laws, that, though there was no right to se-
cede, the Government had no power to coerce.
This miserable sophism, officially promulged at
the other end of the avenue, not only betiayed
the weakness of the Executive, but paralyzed
the whole eneigies of Government. Rebellion
thus invited to advancc, hastened its preparation,
armed its partisans, consolidated its strength, un-
til, before the nation woke to the magnitude of the
danger, its serried legions were almost thundering
at the doors of the Capitol. On every subsequent
occasion of invoking active and efficient powers,
whether in the reciuiting of negroes, the enlist-
ment of slaves, the suspension of the privilege of
the writ of habeas coiyxts as against active sympa-
thizers aiding the reoels or obstructing the Gov-
ernment, or in the enrollmentnnddiaft of citizens
for military service, the Administration has had
to contend against some adverse theory derived
from constitutional construction. Now, when, in
the exercise of that just measure of authority
with which Congress is in vested, it is designed
to proceed further toward the suppression of re-
bellion by the forfeiture of the estates of those
who persistently continue in defiance of the mo-
nitions of a prescribed statute, we are again at-
tempted to be frightened from the performance of
our duty by theghost of a murdered Constitution.
Mr. Speaker, the Constitution has been neither
murdered nor emasculated. Engaged in a strug-
gle for existence, I have yet to learn that there is.
any limitation upon the power of the Government
to weaken the enemy, and render him less capa-
ble of continuing his assault upon constitutional
liberty and the national life. I'have yet to dis-
cover upon what principle an instrument, ordained
for the preservation of the Union, can by the im-
plication of a denial of power be converted into its
permissive executioner. By that Constitution we
are specially clothed with power to raise armies,
to provide for calling forth the militia.to execute
the laws of the Union, suppress insurrections*,
and repel invasions, to make rules concerning cap- 1
tureson land and water, and to guaranty to every
State in this Union a republican form of govern-
ment,and protect them againstinvasion. We are
also vested with the capacity to make all laws
which shall be necessary and proper for carrying
into execution these powers, and all others vested
in the Government, or in any department or officer
thereof.
This broad warrant of constitutional authority
is ample for the exigency even of the suppression
of a gigantic rebellion. The mode in which we
shall act is not specified. With wise forecast the
framers of the Constitution left to Congress the
choice of the means necessary to be employed in
any exigency. It is enough that they shall bear
some relation to the end proposed. It has chosen
to declare that to insure the speedy termination of
the rebellion it will deprive the guilty agents of
the means of carrying it on. It has vested the
President with authority to seize, and clothed its
judicial tribunals with power to condemn. It has
done this by virtue of its sovereign power over its
own guilty citizens. Who can deny its authority ?
Who can sit in judgment upon the exercise of its
discretionary powers? He who expects to find in
the Constitution specific rules for the conduct of a
nation in a crisis like this", though he may be a
learned man, can hardly be deemed a wise one.
He who would place a limitation on the power of
a Government to preserve its own existence and
make that limitation the want of power to forfeit
the estate of an armed rebel, lest that his children
should be prevented of the inheritance of their fa-
thci, though he may be never so sympathetic, can
hardly be called just. He who construes the Con-
stitution as authorizing agamstan insurgent pop-
ulation, banded for the destruction of the Gov-
ernment, only such measures of resistance or
penalty as would be proper to disperse or punish*
a civic mob, has an inadequate conception of the
scope of its powers.
" Hie unde vitam sumeret inscius,
Pacem, duello mbcuit."
Mr. Speaker, the people expect that we shall
faithfully and firmly discharge our duty; omit-
ting nothing, evading nothing, withholding noth-
ing, but steadily looking to the utterand absolute
suppression of rebellion; that we shall most speed-
ily and effectively reduce the insurgents to sub-
mission, restoie theactive supremacy of the Con-
stitution and laws, insure future tranquillity by
the extirpation of African slavery, the root of
bitterness that has poisoned the fountains of our
peace, and plant every where over the whole land
the ensign of the Republic, the symbol of sover-
eignty and emblem of freedom, mightier than the
red cross of England, holier than the labarum of
Constantine.
Mr. FINCK obtained the floor.
Mr. MORRILL. Has the morning hour ex-
pired ?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itselfinto the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
upon the naval appropiiation bill.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the House
pioceed to the consideration of business on the
Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER. The motion to suspend the
rules takes precedence.
THIS ENROLLMENT BILL.
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire to say, before that
motion is put, that the enrollment bill reported
