1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
3375
the less display of it that is made the better. I
think that one of the woist things in the inaugural
address of General Pierce was the allusion to the
peculiar affliction with which Providence had vis-
ited him. 1 believe we have all of us need enough
for prayer and need enough for divine blessing;
but I confess I do not think that those things are
best expressed in legislative enactments or re-
solves. This is a matter that rests in the discre-
tion of the President, and whenever he sees fit to
issue his proclamation I trust the good people of
tiie Union will give as much attention to it as it
deserves.
There is another view of the case that to my
mind is a reason why such a resolution as this
should not be adopted. We are in the midst of
one of the most critical campaigns that has oc-
curred since the commencement of this rebellion;
we are in the midst of a campaign which many
people suppose and believe is to bedecisive of the
conflict in which we are to be engaged; and such
an expression as this taken at this timemighiin-
dicate lo the nations of the wotld, and to those
With whom we are contending, that our fortunes
are despeiate; that we felt at this time as if all
human resources were about failing us, and we
had nothing to do but to throw ourselves, where
of course we must always throw ourselves, upon
the mercy and the goodness of God. 1 think we can
as appropriately pray,and worship with as much
effect, without any legislative or executive action
as with; and the last reason which I have named
is conclusive in my mind against the propriety
of the resolution at this time. 1 hope, therefore,
that it will not be adopted.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to ask the Senator
who has just taken his seat if he takes exception
to the phraseology or purview of the resolution?
Mr. HALE. I did not notice anything offens-
ive in it in that particular, though 1 must confess
I did think that, for a suggestion, it was rather
minute and directory in regard to the subject-
matter that was to be prftyed for. There arc a
great many very enlightened Christians in this
wotld who do not believe that it is consistent
with rational piety to pray specifically for the
divine aid in any particular transaction or event,
but that a more enlightened piety prays for such
a course of events as the wisdom and goodness
of God may deem best for us and for the nation,
without pointing out directly the mode and man-
ner by which these blessings are to be conveycd,
and the way in which they are to be vouchsafed
to us. But I take no exception to the language
of the resolution. The resolution itself does not
meet my idea of the needs of the country at this
time.
Mr. HARLAN. The reason why I asked the
question was, that if the objection was to the
phraseology or scope of the resolution I then
would have moved to refer it to a committee for
the purpose of amending it; but if that is not the
foundation of the objection I content myself by
a vote taken on the lesolution at this time.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I do not like the tone,
the temper, or the spirit of the remarks of the
Senator from New Hampshire. It is my firm
conviction that the more humbly we bow our-
selves before that Almighty Power that controls
the universe the stronger we are; atid that when
any proposition of that kind is made it does not
and cannot deserve rebuke.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE TO SENATORS.
Mr. FOOT. Mr. President, I move that my
colleague, Hon. Jacob Collamer, have leave of
absence from the Senate for the residue of the
session, including this day. I make the motion
in pursuance of the resolution of Congress of
July 17, 18G2, the section of which upon this
point I will read, and ask the attention of Sena-
tors to it for their own benefit:
" Set. -2. Jln.i he it fin tker resolved, That when any Sen-
ator or llepiesentative shall hereafter wuhdiaw ftom Ins
seat in anticipation of the adjournment of Cougtes* and
bciota the adjournment, ami does not ieturn7 he «hail, in
addition to tin' sum now deducted for e.wh day. foifeit a
fuither Mini equal to the nnleaire now allowed by law tor
his return home, and it sdiall be deducted tioin In* compen-
sation utiles- where said witluiiaival uith the leave of
the Senate or House of Representatives )espectively.M
My colleague has left the city for his home
without the expectation or purpose of returning
to the city or to the Senate again during the res-
idue of this session, and in consequence, as is
well known to all Senators, of his somewhat se-
vere and protracted indisposition.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is, " Shall leave of absence be granted to the Sen-
ator from Vermont?"
Leave was granted.
Mr. TRUMBULL At the request of the
Senator from Iowa, [Mr. Grimes,] who informs
me that there is a necessity for his leaving the
city to-morrow, I move that leave of absence for
the residue of the session be extended to him.
Leave was granted.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred the bill (II. R.
No. 559) to quiet the titles to lands within the
Rancho Laguna de Santos Calle, in the State of
California, reported it without amendment.
Mr. WILSON. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 549) further to
regulate and provide for the enrolling and call-
tng out the national forces, and for other pur-
poses, to report it with amendments; and as it is
necessary to consider the bill this evening I pro-
pose that we now take a recess until seven o'clock.
Mr. COWAN. Let me get thiough with my
bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
for a recess has already been made. Thequestion
is on the motion of the Senator from Kansas
[Mr. Lane] that the Senate now take a recess un-
til seven o'clock.
Thequestion bein^ put,there were, on a divis-
ion—ayes 14, noes 9; no quorum voting.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 ask for the yeas and
nays in order to get a quoium.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 20, nays 5; as follows:
YKA.S—Mes*is Anthony, Htovvn, Clark, Conness, Cow-
an, Doolmle^ foot, Ko.-ter, iJ.irlan, Hams, Ilowe, Lane of
Kansas*, McDou^all, l'omeio\, Raiu>ey, Riddle, Ten Eyek,
Trumbull. Willey, and Wilson— 20.
NAYfc*— Me^rs. Buckalew, Cailile, Hendricks, Powell,
and Van Winkle— 5.
ABfoKNT—Mesj.it.. Ohandlet, CoHanier, Davis, Dixon,
Fi>senden, Gumo«, Hair, Hauling. Mendeif-on, IJieks,
Howard, Johnson, Lane ot Indiana, Morgan, Mot rill, Ncs-
imth, ttiehaidson, SauKbury, Sherman, Bpiague, Sumner,
Wade, WilUnison, and Wright—xM.
So the motion was agteed to; ami the Senate
accordingly took a recess until seven o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at seven o'clock p.m.
LAW OF EVIDENCE IN THE DISTRICT.
Mr. FOSTER. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to take up a little bill reported from
the Committee on the Judiciary in regard to the
law of evidence in the District of Columbia, being
Senate bill No. 271.
There being no objection, the bill (S. No. 271)
relating to civil actions in the District of Colum-
bia was considered asin Committeeof the Whole.
Mr. FOSTER. As the Committee on the Ju-
diciary have reported a substitute for the bill, I
ask that the substitute only be read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reading
of the original bill will be dispensed with, if theie
be no objection.
The Secretary read the amendment, which was
to strike out all of the bill after the enacting
clause and to insert:
Th.it on the trial of anv is^ue joined, or of anv matter or
question, oi on any inquiry ari-inj in any suit, action, or
other piocerdtng in any co'uit ot ju-uce in tin; D^tuct of
Columbia, or beioie -my person having by law, or by con-
sent of patties Authority to bear, ioeei\e, and examine evi-
dence wnltin said T>i-ui< t, the parties thereto, and the per-
sons in wliosc behalf am mkIi action or other pioeeedmg
may be brought or defended, and any and all per.-otis inter-
ested in the same, shall, except a* heiutuifter excepted, be
competent and compellable to give ev ideuce, eithei u'ta
iocs or bv deposition, aeeordme to the practice ot the court, j
on hehal't of either or any ot the panic* to the said action j
ot other proceeding: Piovulcd, That nothing herein eon- j
tamed .shall lender am person who is chared with any t
fiflVixc in any enminal pioceedmg competent or compel- ;
lable to give evidence for or against him-elf or herself, or j
shall tender any pei-'on compellable to answei any que-s- [
t ion lending to ei i in mute hint sell 01 herself, 01 .shall in any j
einniiici! proceeding lender any husband competent or com- j
pel'able to give e\ idenee for or against his \\ lie, oi any wile \
competent or compellable to give evidence for or against [
her husband or in ani proceeding instituted in con^e- ,
quence ofadulteiy; n<n bhali anyhutdund he compellable i
to disclose any communication made to him by Ins wife I
during the marriage, nor shall any wife be compellable to
disclose any communication made to her by her husband
during the marriage.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate asamended,
and the amendment was concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
was read the third time, and passed.
The title was amended so as to read: " A bill
relating to the law of evidence in the District of
Columbia."
SUPPRESSION 01? CINCINNATI ENQUIRER.
Mr. POWELL. I move to take up the reso-
lution I offered some days since in regard to pro-
hibiting the circulation of the Cincinnati En-
quirer in the State of Kentucky.
The Secretary read the resolution proposed to
be taken up, as follow^:
Whereas a military order has been recently issued in the
Siate of Kentucky prohibiting the circulation in said State
of the Cincinnati Enquirer, a newspaper printed and pub-
lished at Cincinnati, Ohio; and whereas a fret; press is
essential to maintain the rights and liberties of the people :
Therefore,
Revoltedj That the President be requested to cause the
afoiesaid military ouler to be revoked ; and that the Presi-
dent be fuither requested to issue such orders as will pre-
vent the military authorities from encroaching upon the
freedom of the press in the future.
Mr. CONNESS. I object to its consideration.
Mr. POWELL. I move that all prior orders
be postponed for the purpose of proceeding toita
consideration, and I ask for the yeas and nays
upon that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GRIMES. No man here, I suppose,
knows the circumstances under which this paper
was suspended. It may have been preaching
treason and sending its circulation all through the
Army of the United States in Kentucky. It may
have been the imperative duty of the officer to
issue the order which he did issue, if it has been
issued at all. The Senator should certainly fur-
nish us some evidence, first, that the order has
been made, and second, that it has been improp-
erly made, before calling on us by solemn reso-
lution of the Senate to pronounce that act invalid
and improper, and call upon the President to re-
voke an order of a military commander in the
field.
Mr. POWELL. I will state that the Cincin-
nati Enquirer is a Democratic paper published in
that city, the character of which I suppose is welt
known to every Senator in this Chamber. The
military authorities in Kentucky issued an order
preventing the circulation of lhat paper in that
State. It is more largely taken by the people of
Kentucky, the Democratic, people at least, than
any other paperoutside of the State. I have seen
and read the order. It simply prohibits its cir-
culation in the State. It does not allege any
reason for it. I am a daily reader of that paper.
I get it every day. It is a leading political journal
of the Democratic party in the State of Ohio. We
have recently, during the last year, been very
badly treated in the matter of our elections in the
State of Kentucky, and now, thus early in the
campaign, the circulation of that paper, which is
opposed to the policy of the President, is stopped
m that State. The resolution simply requests the
President to require that order to be revoked, and
to issue orders to protect the freedom of the press
in the future.
I will state to the Senate that the order simply
says that the paper shall not be circulated in that
department. That is all there is of it. ft does
not assign any reason for the order. It looks to
me as if it was an effort in advance to reenact
what was enacted last year in that State by
striking down freedom of the press and freedom
of the ballot; and I want to resist itat the thresh-
i old. The lesolution condemns nothing', it sim-
ply requests the President—it is in the mildest
form, perhaps, in which it could be presented—to
revoke an order to prevent a paper issued in a
neighboring State being circulated in the State of
Kentucky. It strikes me that all who are for a
i free press and free political action in this country
j will vote for the resolution. It censuies nobody.
; It merely states the fact that such an order has
1 been issued, and then asks the Commander-in-
j Chief to direct his subordinate to revoke it, and
| not issue such orders in the future,
j Mr. POME ROY. I wish to make a report
1 from the Committee on Public Lands.
