1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1428
people in depriving themselves of the powers
with which they were antecedently clothed, had
no authority, as long as that other Constitution
remained> to take any step inconsistent with the
powers conferred by that Constitution; or, hi the
language of the court, that each, within the sphere
of the authority with which it was clothed, was
supreme. There was no absolute sovereignty;
that is to say, there was no sovereignty coex-
tensive with the whole scope of political power
belonging to the government of either; but each
was invested with a portion of the sovereignty
which the people might create, and each therefore
within the extent of the poi lion allowed it was to
the extent of that portion supreme.
That being the case, what is there in the ob-
jection suggested by the honorable member from
Kentucky that the States are sovereign? The
answer to it is, so is the United States, and so
were the people of the United States when they
adopted the Constitution of the United States.
What they have done is, except in the mode
pointed out by the Constitution, irrevocably done,
unless there should occur a suite of things m winch
that other and paramount right, never recognized
by constitutionsof government,comes into exist-
ence, the right,of vindicating the rights confeired
by the existing Government against oppression
and tyranny—the 1 iglu of i evolution. There is a
letter—I have it not by me now—written in 1833
by Mr. Madison to Mr. Webster, found in the
first volume of Mr. Webstei's works, the edition
by Mr. Everett, and m the biography prefix* d to
that edition, which states, as I think \ei y eleaily,
as he ever stated any pioposition before him, the
character of the two Governments. Mi*. Calhoun
professed to loliow the teachings of 17U8 and Mad-
ison as at the head of the school by whom the
doctiines uf were taught. Madison, how-
ever, the founder of the school, so to speak, de-
nounced the conduct of South Caiolmaas utterly
inconsistent with the principles of the school of
1798,and in theletterto which I aliuderomphment-
ed Mr. Webster upon his speech m answer to Mr.
Calhoun, as a triumphant vindication of the ttue
nature of the Government, and as demolishing, m
his judgment, forever the fughtful and unconsti-
tutional heresy of nullification and secession.
Mr. President, if the people of the United States
when they assembled together m their seveiai
States and adopted the Constitution of tiie United
States were supreme, then it was their right and
nobody else's right to pi ov ule how long the Gov-
ernment should last, whether i t should be changed
at all, and if changed how changed. They did
provide. They were too wistf not to know m ad-
vance that the circumstances of the country might
change; the Constitution as it was then, admira-
bly suited in their judgment to the wants of the
people as they were, might piove inadequate to
its cherished end; and they therefore provided
by the fifth article of the Constitution for the
amendment of the instrument itself, and placed
the-whole instrument subject to the pow r of
amendment with exceptions, the exception as to
the abolition of the slave trade until 1808, and the
exception as to the taxing and lenirsentative
clauses; but everything else was made subject
to amendment in the way pointed out by the ar-
ticle, and the article goes on to declare that when
amended in the mode so pointed out the amend-
ment shall to all intents and purposes be a part of
the Constitution, and of course be as valid as if,
instead of coming into the Constitution hereafter
by way of amendment, it was incorporated in the
Constitution itself as it was originally adopted.
Now, a woid or two in answer to the honor-
able member from Delaware. lie says that this
measure cannot he constitutionally adopted, be-
cause the subject with which it deals, if i under-
stand him, is not a subject for political action.
That would be singular.
Mr. SAULSBURY. The Senator will pardon
me for interrupting him. lie will find no such
remai k m any thing that I said as that the subject
was not a subject of political government. I ad-
mit that it is a very proper subject for State polit-
ical government; but I deny the authority of thi ee
fourths of the States to take action to abolish sla-
very in the remaining States, or to destroy prop-
erty, to say what shall or what shall not be prop-
erty, because thatdoes not come within the scope,
purposes, and objects that the framoiw of the
Constitution, and those who formed the Union,
had in making the Constitution. That is the posi-
tion I have taken.
Mr. JOHNSON. I may have expressed my-
self inaccurately for the purpose of conveying
my own understanding of what the honorable
member said; but I did understand him precisely
as he has stated now. He says that, with refer-
ence to the Constitution of the United States, the
institution of slavery is not within the amenda-
tory clause, because, with reference to the Gov-
ernment of the United States, it is not a subject
for political interference. Let me ask the honor-
able member, and he can answer it hereafter if
he thinks proper, could human slavery have been
abolished by the Constitution originally ? [sup-
pose no one will doubtthat. If the framersof the
Constitution had put a clause in it that slavery
should not exist, that it should go out of exist-
ence at once, or go out of existence at any period
thereafter, instantaneously or gradually, would
anybody doubt that it would have been legally
operative? Certainly not. If it would have been
within the power of the people of the United
States, acting precisely in the mode in which they
acted in adopting the Constitution as it is, to have
provided by an express article for the termination
of human slavery, why is it that it cannot be done
by them now under the clause which gives to the
people of the United States the authority to amend
the Constitution ? 11can only be, not thathuman
slavery is not in itself an object of government;
that the honorable member admits not to be the
case; it is not because it was not an object ofgov-
ernment in 1789; but that it has been taken en-
tirely out of the scope of governmental power,
the scope of the political power of the people, be-
cause it was not abolished by the Constitution.
Why, Air. Piesident, what saysthe preamble to
the Constitution ?
Remember, now the question is, can that insti-
tution which deals with humanity as property,
which claims to shackle the mind, the soul, and
the body, which brings to the level of the brute
a portion of the race of man, cease to be within
the reach of the political power of the people of
the United States, not because it was not at one
time within their power, but because at that time
they did not exert the power? What says the
preamble? How pregnant with a conclusive an-
swer is tiie preamble to the proposition that sla-
very cannot be abolished! What does that pre-
amble state to have been the chit f objects that the
great and wise ami good men had at heart in rec-
ommending the Constitution with that preamble
to the adoption of the Atnei ican people ? That jus-
tice might be established; that tranquillity might
be preserved; that the common defense and gen-
eral welfare might be maintained; and, last and
chief of all, that liberty might be secured. Is
there no justice in putting an end to human sla-
very? Is there no danger to tin1 tranquillity of
the country in its existence? May it not intei-
fcrc with the common defense and general wel-
frwe? And, above all, is it consistent with any
notion which the mind of man can conceive of
human liberty? The veiy clause under which
we seek to put an end to the institution, the amend-
atory clause, may have been and in all piobabihty
was inserted info the instrument from a convic-
tion that the time would come when justice would
call so loudly for the extinction of the institu-
tion that her call could not be disobeyed, when
the peace and tranquillity of the land would de-
mand in thunder tones the destruction of the in-
stitution as inconsistent with such peace and tran-
quillity; and when the sentiment of the world
would become shocked with the existence of a
condition of things in the only free Government ,
upon the faceof the globe as far as the white man i
is concerned, and founded upon principles utterly
inconsistent with any other form of government
than a Government which secures Ireedom—when i
the sentiment of the world would be shocked by |
the continuing existence of human bondage and J
we should become the scoff and scorn of Chris- j
tendom.
I am not to be told, Mr. President, that our
fathers looked to this race merely because they
differed in color from ourselves as not entitled to
the rights which for themselves they declared to
be inalienable. There was not one of them, from
the most humble, intellectually and mouilly—if
there were any humble in that great body which
formed the Convention that recommended the Con-
stitution of the United States to the adoption of
the American people—who would not have been
shocked if he had been told that there was a right
to make a slave of any human being. The ad-
vocates of slavery now in our midst—I do not
mean here, but m the South and in some of the
pulpi ts at the North—say that slavery of the black
race is of divine origin. Scriptural authority for
its existence and its perpetual existence from time
to time, till,as I think, tnemoral mind has become
nauseated by the declaration, has been vouched
for its sanctity and its perpetual existence. The
Saviour of mankind did not put an end to it by
physical power or by the declaration of any ex-
isting illegality in word. His mission upon earth
was not to propagate His doctrines by force. He
came to save, not to conquer. His purpose was
not to march armed legions throughout the hab-
itable globe, securing the allegiance of those for
whose safety He was striving. He warred by
other influences. He aimed at the heait princi-
pally. He inculcated his doctrines, more enno-
bling than any that the world, enlightened as the
world was before His advent upon earth, had been
able to discover. He taught to man the obliga-
tion of brotherhood. He announced that the true
duty of man was to do to others as he would have
others do to him, to all men the world over; and
unless some convert to the modern doctrine that
shivery itself finds not only a guarantee for its
existence but for its legal existence in the Scrip-
ture, excepts out of the operation of the influ-
ences which His morality brought to bear on the
mind of the Christian world the black man, and
shows that it was not intended to apply to black
men, then it is not true, it cannot be true, that He
designed His doctrine not to be equally applica-
ble to the black and to the white, to the race of
man as he then existed, or as he might exist in
ail after-time.
Is it to besupposed, because of the present con-
dition of this degraded population, that they are
not proper subjects for the enjoyment of human
freedom ? Are they by nature, and in spite of what-
ever education tyranny may have left them, so men-
tally and morally deficient that they do not know
what are the blessings of human freedom ? What
do wesee? Wherever the flag of the United States,
the symbol of human liberty, nowgoes, under it
from their hereditary bondage are to be found
men, women,and childien assembling and craving
its protection. Is it because tiiey expect greater
physical comfort, and that they obtain it? The
mere physical condition of the man, in many cases,
while under the control of a master, was better
than that which he received after coming under
the protection of our flag; but in the one the iron
of oppression had pierced his soul, and in the
other he is gladdened by the light of liberty. It
is idle to deny, we feel it m our own persons, how
with reference to that sentiment all men are breth-
ren. Look to the illustrations which the times
now alford, how in the illustration of that senti-
ment do we differ from the black man ? He is
willing to incur every personal danger which
promises to result in throwing down Ins shackles
and making him tread the earth which God lias
created for all as a man and not as a slave. It is
an instinct of the soul. Tyranny may oppress it
for ages and centuries; the pall of despotism may
hang over it; but the sentiment is ever there; it
kindles into a flame in the very furnace of afflic-
tion, and it avails itself of the first opportunity
that offers promising the least chance of escape,
arid wades through blood and slaughter to achieve
it, and whether it succeeds or faiis demonstrates,
vindicates in the very effort the inextinguishable
right to liberty.
Then, Mr. president, if, as all men, I think,
must admit, who permit themselves to consider
the question fan ly, all prejudice apart, that slavery
is a sin, is a wrong, cries for redress, should be
redressed, the only practical difficulty which
stands m our way, in my judgment, is, can it be
done without introducing worse evils than will
result from its present continuance? In myjudg-
ment the continuance of the right and authority
of this Union and Government, administrated
upon the principles to be found incorporated in
the Constitution of the United States, is much
more important to the welfare of the human race,
and to our own portion of the human race, than
is the continuation of slavery. Can the two go
on together now?
