2400
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 21,
rity of the company for ten years interest after
the Government guarantee should expire.
I think it wiil be better for all parties to leave
that clause in. It was very carefully considered
in committee, and it was fully discussed. It was
discussed and acted upon and adopted in accord-
ance with the opinions of good, able financiers and
also the railroad men themselves. They thought
that on the whole it was wiser to allow the guar-
antee of the Government to extend only for a por-
tion of the time the bond had to run, so that the
bondholder himself should have an interest in the
construction of the road for the ultimate payment
of the interest and the ultimate payment of the
bond. It was deemed better for all parties that
the bond should run a long period of time, and
therefore the* teijm was fixed at thirty years.
Mr. POMEROY. I should like the company
to have the right to issue them for thirty years.
My query was whether they should be compelled
to issue them for that length of time.
Mr. HARLAN. Under the law of 18G2 the
Government of the United States proposed to issue
its bonds after a section of the road should have
been found to be completed according to the terms
of the act by commissioners to be appointed by
the Government. The Government bonds thus
issued after the completion of a section of the
road w$re to bear interest. The company was to
provide for the payment of the interest on the
Government bonds, and the Government took a
mortgage on the road, its rolling stock, and all
its effects, to secure the reimbursement of the
Government for the interest the company might
fail to pay, and for the face of the bond if the com-
pany should fail to pay the face of the Govern-
ment bond when it matured; so that under the law
as itnow stands the Governmentdid not obligate
itself to pay asingle dollar of principal or interest
on the bonds issued on account of any section of the
road until after the section of the road had been
completed.
This bill as it now stands provides that the
Government shall not issue its bonds, but that the
companies shall issue their bonds, and the Gov-
ernment shall guaranty that the companies will
pay the inteiest 011 their bonds; but it does not
provide that these company bonds shall be issued
only at the date of the completion of a section of
the road. The bonds may be issued at any mo-
ment after the passage of the bill, and after they
shall have issued the interest begins to run, and
may run any length of time from one day to thir-
teen years; and after a section of the road giiall
have been completed, and the company shall fail
to meet the interest due on the bond for the entire
period elapsing from the date of the bond to the
date of the completion of the road, it will be due
from the Treasury of the United States, provided
the companies do not pay it themselves.
This might work a very great hardship at the
Treasury. 1 have made a little computation here.
On some sections of the road the companies are
permitted to issue bonds to the amount of $9G,000
per mile. These bonds will bear six per cent,
interest, which would be $5,76U a year per mile.
Now if the company should be ten years in com-
pleting such a section, there would iiave accrued
.interest on the bonds used to secure the comple-
tion of one mile of such section $11,5.^8, and on
a section of twenty miles during a period of ten
years there would have accrued interest to the
amount of $1,152,000, all of which would be due
from the Treasury of the United States the very
moment the Secretary of the Treasury made his
indorsement across the back of the bond.
I suppose that the object of the committee was,
and in my judgment it ought to be, to obligate the
Government to pay interest on these bonds from
the date of the completion of each section of the
road, and not to obligate it to go back and meet
the interest that may have accrued preceding that
period. These companies ought to have some
money of their own. They ought not to "kite"
this work through on the credit of the Govern-
ment alone. They ought to be able to raise
money enough to^ build one section of the road
on their own credit, on the per cent, to be paid in
on the stock subsciibed. '^Vhy do you rcciuire
them to take stock and to pay in a per cent, on
that stock unless they are expected to use some
of their own money? Then let them use their
own money until they shall have built one sec-
tion of the road, and then issue their bonds to
enable them to raise money to proceed to the
completion of an additional section. The bill, as
it stands, would not'require the company to raise
means to build a single mile of this road.
I think this amendment or some equivalent
amendment ought to be adopted. I was well
pleased with the suggestion of the Senator from
Ohio; perhaps that would "be better; and if he
would offer an amendment of that kind, I should
with great pleasure adopt it in place of my own.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, it cannot be
very material to the Government of the United
States at what time it shall make good its guar-
antee of the payment of the twenty years' interest
upon these bonds. We shall probably be com-
pelled to pay the most of this twenty years' in-
tcrcst
Mr. COLLAMER, Will the Senator indulge
me one moment?
Mr. HOWARD. Certainly.
Mr. COLLAMER. It is true, as was stated
by the Senator from Iowa, and as the gentlemen
of the committee all understand, that we agreed
upon the principles on which this bill was to be
fiamed, and for the purpose of reducing it to a
proper form it was placed in the hands of the
chairman, and was very well committed to his
hands; but I think I cannot be mistaken in this:
I distinctly understood that it was to require a
section of the road to be completed before the
bonds were to issue. It will be recollected by
the members of the committee that we made the
sections in California twenty miles in length in
order to enable the company to finish them and
to get some bonds a little sooner. If the bill is
drawn as now represented, that these bonds can
issue before a section of the road is completed
and certified to by the commissioners, it is entirely
different from what I understood it.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not know what may
have been the understanding of the Senator from
Vermont on that subjcct. All I know is that this
clause in the bill after having been drafted by my-
self was read over to the committee assembled to-
gether for the puiposc of considering it. It is very
true there was no special discussion relating to this
particular feature of the bill; and therefore it is
doubtless tiue, as the honorable Senator from Ver-
mont says, that he understood the bonds wore not
to issue until after the various sections of the road
should be completed.
Mr. COLLAMER. Seriatim as they were com-
pleted.
Mr. HOWARD. I have no doubt that that
was his understanding; butat the same time I can-
not say that that was my understanding. The
difference, it will be obseived, is very important,
very striking. Itis certainly truethatif theCov-
ernment guaranties the payment of the interest
upon the bond for twenty years from and after
the date of the bond, it does give to the corporate
bond n. greater value in the market, because a per-
son willing to invest his money in such a bond
would be more willing to buy and would pay a
larger price for it, knowing that he had the agree-
ment of the United States to pay theintercst from
the date of the bond. The bond, therefore, would
be very likely to sell fora laigerauni m the market
than it would if the interest was not to be paid
by the Government of the United States until
there should be a certainty of the completion of
the work to which it was attached.
I do not, however, regard it as of much import-
ance whether this particular feature of the bill
shall be retained or whether it shall be so altered
as to prohibit the issuing of these bonds until the
work is completed. So far as the United States
is concerned, I shall feel better satisfied to have
the amendment of the honoiuble Senator from
Iowa adopted; but at the same time I must say
that in my judgment it will greatly embarrass
the company in the construction of the road; be-
cause it will throw upon the stockholders of the
road, at first at least, the entire burden of raising
the cash means for prosecuting the work. If we
help them at all, we may as well help them m
their infancy, in the midst of their struggles, as
to wait until they are grown men.
Mr. CONNESS. I confess that my under-
standing was like that of the honoiable Senator
from Vermont, and my judgment now is that a
proper consideration of safety requires that the
bonds should bear date from the period of their
indorsement by the Government. Although we
aid these companies very largely, this aid is pred-*
icated and granted to them upon their ability to
enter upon the building of the road and to con-
struct forty or twenty miles, as the case may be,
themselves, by their own means, as a beginning.
Upon the construction of twenty or forty miles,
as the case may be, they are to have their bonds
prepared, and upon the certificate of the commis-
sioners appointed by the President that that length
of the road has been constructed, they are to re-
ceive the indorsement of the Government, and
from that date the interest and the responsibility
of the Government for that interest is to begin.
That is my clear understanding, and it is my de-
cided judgment that it should be adopted as the
rule; and therefore I am in favor of the amend-
ment proposed by the honorable Senator from
Iowa.
I do not agree with my friend, the chairman of
the committee, that it will affect the value of the
bonds in the market at all. Indeed, I would not
wish those bonds to have any value or to be put
in the market until they had the indorsement of
the Government made upon them. It will be
observed by the Senate that the companies already
engaged in the building of this road, both on this
side and on the Pacific side of the continent, and
who have issued bonds of their own to aid them
in the construction of the road, are furnished
abundant means by the provisions of this bill for
converting these bonds into the Government
bonds provided to be issued. I am decidedly in
favor of such a provision as was indicated in the
remarks made by the Senator from Iowa.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator from Iowa
will withdraw his amendment 1 will offer an
amendment to be added to the eighth section
which 1 think will accomplish this purpose and
relieve us from this difficulty.
Mr. HARLAN. If it be in order I ask leave
to withdraw my amendment.
Several Senators. Let the other amendment
be read first for information.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Provided, That no bonds the inteiest of which is to be
guaianticd by the United States shall be issued by said
company, ex(4*pt from time to time as a section of its road
is completed and its completion is certified by the Secretary
ot the Treasury, as herein provided.
Mr. POMEROY. The completion is to becer-
tified by the President.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is to be certified toby
Secretary of the Treasury by the tenth section.
Mr. POMEROY. No, sir; it is to be certified
by the President to the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. CONNESS. I suggest to the Senator to
leave out the designation of any officer to whom
the completion of the road shall be certified, and
let it stand to be certified as required by this act.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well; I will so mod-
ify it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the Sen-
ator from Iowa accept the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Ohio in lieu of his own?
Mr. HARLAN. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment of the Senator from lowais withdrawn, and
the question is on the amendment of the Senator
from Ohio.
Mr. HARLAN. Where does it come in?
Mr. SHERMAN. At the end of the eighth
section, because it is appropriate to that section.
Mr. HARLAN. I ask that it may be read
again as modified.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
That no bonds the interest of which is to be guarantied
by the United States shall be issued by'said company, ex-
cept irom time to time as a section of its road is completed,
and its completion is certified as herein provided.
Mr. HOWARD. It should read u by any of
said companies."
Mr. SHERMAN. Let it be so modified.
The amendment, as modified, to the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. CONNESS. I now renew the amendment
that 1 withdrew some time since, to add at the
end of the sixth section the following: 4
Piovidedj That in all grants of timber growing upon
mineral lands made to the companies de>ij nated, there
shall be reserved to the person or poisons engaged m work-
ing and operating any mines on s-uch lands sufficient tim-
ber lor the successful operation^* the same.
Mr. HARLAN. I do not peiceive the prac-
tical effect of the amendment. The bill as it now
stands,with the amendments that have been adopt-
