3376
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 29.
Mr. CONNESS, 1 hope the Senator will
withhold'his report until this question is disposed
of.
Mr. POWELL. I yield.
Mr. McDOUGALL. There can be no objec-
tion to it.
Mr. POMEROY. The Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred House bill No. 558,
have had that matter under consideration, and
have made no amendment to it, and directed me
to report it back and ask for its present consider-
ation. It is a small matter relating to a land claim
in California.
Mr. COWAN. I object. *
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection is
made, and it cannot be considered. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. COWAN. I am going to vote for the res-
olution of the Senator from Kentucky. I do not
know anything about the Cincinnati Enquirer. I
do not know, to the best of my knowledge, that
i have ever read a copy of that paper; I do not
know what it says nor what it advocates, and I
do not care; but I have come to the conclusion for
the future to endeavor to do all I can to prevent
the exerciseof that arbitrary power which, in my
judgment, is doing more mischief to the'cause of
the Union to-day than almost all other things put
together, Why,Mr.President,is it possible that
anything can be more absurd, under the theory of
our Government, than that anybody should un-
dertake to suppress a newspaper, particularly in
loyal States? This, sir, is a Government of the
people, in the people the sovereignty is presumed
to be lodged. The fabric is built upon their pre-
sumed intelligence, their presumed good sense in
understanding what will be good for themselves,
and they are also presumed to be equal in every
respect to their rulers.
Now, sir, although I am not a Democrat in
name, I am so far a Dcmociat and so fur a Re-
publican that 1 trust the people. I trust the peo-
ple bccause they are sovereign; I trust the people
to say whatthey will, to lead what they will; not
to do what they will, but to say what they will,
and to read what they will. If we cannot trust
the people, if it has come to this, that a man
clothed in a little brief authority arrogates to him-
self the intelligence, the good sense, and the sov-
ereignty of the people, and undertakes to direct
what the people shall say, and what the people
shall read, and what the people shall think, then
1 say there is not only an end of the Union but
there is an end of a democratic, republican fonn
of government, and you cannot disguise it. You
may sit quiet; you may try to doctor it, and to
cobble it, and to hold it forth to the work! as a
free Government, but it is a skeleton; it will fall
about your cars, and you will find yourselves
swept away by a despotism and a tyranny which
it will be too late, perhaps, to resist when resist-
ance in the opinion of oil good men will bccome
necessary.
Why, Mr. President, what do these papers
say ? Is there a Senator present who can satisfy
himself, much less anybody else, that these pa-
pers that talk what is called treason, criticising
the Administration, croaking, misrepresenting, if
you please, have converted anybody? The truth
is they do moic harm to the cause they advocate
than they do to thecau&e they oppose. But sup-
press them, suppress free speech and free thought
and free criticism and free examination, and what
then? Then the power that does it weakens it-
Self; then the power that does it is recreant to the
trust confided to it; and that is the thing which
will make it enemies and finally overthrow it.
1 know, sir, that in a time like this, when the
minds of men are agitated and disturbed, and
when people cireappiehensive,they are apt tore-
sort to expedients of this kind in the hope that
out of them, in some way or other, they may se-
cure their safety; but if there is one lesson which
the world has taught, which has come from a past
experience, mote impressive than any other, it is
that these expedients are not only fallacious, not
only useless, but mischievous and subversive of
the very-end they were adopted to attain.
I theiefoie hope that the Senate will express to
the Presideut and to hid uflkcis that it disap-
proves of tins land of proceeding. I trust the
Senate will say to the President and his officers
that it is the representative of the American peo-
ple, not its master, and that we choose to trust the
people we represent; that we will rely upon their
prudence, upon their loyalty, upon their good
sense to listen to any kind of speaking and to
read any kind of reading without having their
faith shaken or their loyalty destroyed. 1 think
that is the manly way to treat this matter; and I
think I may say in all safety that there has hardly
been a case where the exercise of this power has
not been mischievous to our cause. What better
weapon among a free people could you putin the
hands of the Opposition than acts of this kind? 1
cannot conceive of any. Certainly, gentlemen
on tliis side of the Chamber, some of whom have
been a long time in opposition, would have been
exceedingly glad if the power they resisted had
furnished them with capital to trade upon like
this. I therefore trust wo will meet this thing as
men, as men worthy of the position we occupy,
worthy of those whom we succeed, and relying
upon the people and trusting the people with this
which it is their peculiar prerogative under our
institutions to enjoy.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will take occasion to state that at this period of
the session the Chair will hold the rule pretty
strictly. It is not in order to debate thegenerai
merits of a question on a motion to take it up, be-
cause the time of the Senate would be consumed
in that way. The motion is to take up the reso-
lution.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I think the ruling of
the Chair is perfectly correct; but itdoes seem to
me that after two speeches in favor of the reso-
lution a simple statement of the circumstances
under which this order was issued should be tol-
erated by the Senate and by the Chair.
Some two weeks ngo, I think, I saw a tele-
graphic dispatch that General Burbridge, ofKen-
tucky, had suppressed the circulation of the Cin-
cinnati Enquiierm the State ofKentucky. I have
never seen the official order, but 1 doubt not
it was issued, and 1 doubt not it was issued upon
suificiont and good authority. Geneia! Bui budge
is a native Kentuckian, a gallant, Kentuckian,
commanding that depaitment, and commanding
it with distinguished ability, fidelity, patiiotism,
and success. When this older was issued Ken-
tucky was being invaded by John Morgan and
his 1 ofc'es, and he supposed that the cumulation
of this paper in hisdepartmentgaveaid and com-
fort to the enemy; and i have no doubt of it,
although 1 did not see the particular number to
which exception was taken; but from thegeueial
tone of the paper 1 have no doubtut was calcu-
lated to give aid and comfort to the enemy and Jo
do more to overturn and deluge in blood that no-
ble Commonwealth than all the soldieis of John
Morgan. I have no doubt he had abundant cause
to issue this order.
Now, had he theauthoiity to issue it? Will
any gentleman contend, will the Senator from
Pennsylvania contend, that a man shall go into
the Union annies and make speeches calculated
to excite insurrection and insubordination in the
Army of the United States without being liable
to be ai rested by the commander of the Army or
the commander of the department? Will any
Senator contend that such a speech could be tol-
euited in the presence of the Army and in the
(ace of our tioops without the man being guilty
of inciting mutiny and insut i ection ? if a man
cannot do it in peison in the presence of the
Army, has he a right to make that speech in Cin-
cinnati and fulminate it throughout the Army,
having preeisely the same eflect?
1 think myself that neither proposition contem-
plated in this resolution should pass. The first
is, that the Presidentshall be requested to revoke
an order made by the commander of the depart-
ment of Kentucky. That order was suppress-
ing a newspaper which he believed was giving
daily aid and comfort to the enemy. He is there
to protect the people of Kentucky, to uphold the
Government and the supremacy of the laws. This
is one of the means, in his opinion, of accomplish-
ing precisely that object. He is clothed, as the
commander of that department, with disci etionary
power. He chooses his means. lie orders a
regiment here and a battery there; he orders a
spy to be hung; and if incendiary documents are
published m his camp he is recreant to his duty
and unworthy of Ins command if he does not in-
stantly suppress it; wholly unworthy of the pub-
he confidence if he should fail in his duty in this
particular. I think that the power is complete
and ample and the discretion is properly lodged
in the commander of the department.
The other proposition of the resolution is that
the President shall be requested in the future to
prevent all such orders interfering with the free
circulation of papers in our Army. Suppose, if
you please, an emissary of JelF. Davis, a spy,
should go into General Burbridge's camp and
print an open secession paper, publishing treason
every day. If you pass this resolution you have
no power to touch him. The President would
have at least our opinion upon it that we had no
power to touch him. He might go into the very
camp of your Army and publish a secession paper
if you pass this resolution, and the President has
it, as our opinion, that the freedom of the press
protects him 1
What is the freedom of the press? To give aid
and comfort to the enemy? No, sir. The free-
dom of the press is like the freedom of an indi-
vidual: it is liberty regulated by law; and where-
soever the military law comes in conflict with
this fiecdom of the press it mustsuccamb. There
is an order issued to suppress the Cincinnati En-
quirer; and without knowing precisely what the
article was or what the order is, Congress are re-
quired to volunteer their advice to thcCommander-
in-Chiefofyour Army, and ask him to revoke that
order in the dark, without knowing why or
wherefore it was issued, and to ask him in future
to say that no such order shall be issued. I am
not prepaied to vote either that lie shall revoke
this order or that in future he shall make 110 such
order.
But I have no doubtthc order wasissued upon
good and sufficient grounds; and hereafter, when-
soever a traitorous editor shall fulminate his trea-
son in the face of your soldieis, I say it is the
duty of the commander-in-chief and the Piesident
to suppress it, and they are unworthy of their
position if they do notsuppress it. We may as
well give up the Government if you arc to oiler a
premium upon tieasonanda license to traitors
and invite them into your Army to publish what-
soever they please. This is no time to tamper
with any .subject like this. The people are inter-
ested in this matter and the whole people; and I
stiike in defense of the Constitution, for without
the Government the Constitution is nothing. We
have dealt too leniently with traitors; we have
dealt too lemon Lly with this treasonable press ;and
no other Government upon earth contending for
existence would have sufleiedas long as we have
such utterances to be made to our Aimy.
Mr. COWAN, Mr. President, I have a single
word to say in reply. I am exceedingly sorry
that my houoiable friend has not taken a correct
view of this question. What kind of a compli-
ment does he pay to our Army? What is the
purport of his speech here in the Senate of the
United States as regards an American soldier,
one holding m his hands a part of the sovereignty
of the nation, one in possession of political power,
one who under the flag of his countiy is leady to
peiil his life every day in order to save and pre-
serve it> What does my honorable friend say to
him? " You are not fit to read this paper; you
ought not to read it; it will poison you; it will
destroy the soundness of your principles; it will
sap yourloyalty; it will endanger the fidelity that
you owe to your Government." Why, Mr.
President, if 1 was a soldier in the American
Aimy 1 would say to the honorable Senator,
li Senator ad you arc, who made you my master;
who made you a judge as to what I shall read and
what I shall not read ? Have you any more stake
in the country than I have? Is there any pre-
sumption of law that you are a better judge of the
matter which my brain is to digest" 
Mr. GRIMES. But the military commander
has that power by military law.
Mr. COWAN. I will come to that in one mo-
ment. I am putting the very strongest possible
case. I say that the soldier, under the theory of;
our Government—mark that—has a right to say,
"I am competent to read and think for myself,
paiticulaily in all matteis that pertain to govern-
mental policy, inasmuch as I myself am intrusted
by the Ameiican people with a portion of its
sovereignty, and J am here defending it." If this
were an army in the Old World, where the soldier
was not the recipient of political power, where
he was not trusted with any portion of the sov-
