1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
years, from 1856 to 1859, inclusive, the average
amount was only on about one hundred and fifty
thousand dollars annually,yieldingnotmore than
$25,000 of yearly revenue, and notsufficient to pay
a tithe of the annual expense of the collection dis-
tricts, scattered, as they are, along a frontier of six
thousand miles in extent; and yet one fourth part,
or nearly that, of all Canadian revenue is derived
from duties on merchandise from theUnited States.
Neither our people nor the Government derive
advantage from this reciprocity treaty. The trade
has, it is true, largely increase^; but the footsteps
of the profits all point to the lion's denr none re-
turning outward. We are the factors serving
• without pay or commissions.
When one nation admits cotton or any raw ma-
terial free of duty, other nations are forced to fol-
low the example,orcease to manufacture beyond
their own consumption, unless they give an equal
compensatory advantage upon exports. This
policy has already made free of imposts throughout
the world alarge class of productions. They can-
not be longer relied upon for purposes of revenue.
Canada, like other countries, had and still has a
large fYeelist. Whatarticles can now be exported
to Canada free under the treaty had the same
freedom to be so imported prior to the treaty, and
mere self-interest would have compelled an ad-
herence to that policy, whether tiie treaty had
been made or not. We got nothing new on this
score, but surrendered much. We conceded to
them what we do not concede to others, but what
was conceded to us was either not new, or con-
ceded to everybody, treaty or no treaty. What
we export free under the treaty, therefore, gives
to us no special favor, as the Canadian markets
are open to all the world for almost the entire list
of articles named in the treaty, many of them be-
ing such, at the same time, as we levy or might
levy duties upon wheh imported into theUnited
States from other countries, and for which the
provinces have no vent but in the United States.
The changes made in the Canadian tarifffrom the
specific to the ad valorem system, and bysteadily
advancing the ad valorem rates of duty each and
almost every year after the date of the treaty,
were avowedly made not only for levenue but to
favor British industry, which was reconciled to
an increase of duties by a more exclusive enjoy-
ment of the Canadian markets thereby secured.
By having the dutiable value of meichandise esti-
mated at the last port or place from whence im-
ported, it was correctly supposed British merchan-
dise would obtain the advantage ofa duty computed
on the naked valuation at home, with no addition
for freight, insurance, exchange, or other charges
—with the door open, also, for undervaluations—
while American merchandise would be taxed on
the value here at the very gates of Canada. A
difference of perhaps twenty-five per cent, in
favor of British goods, made by cheap labor and
by the use of long-accumulated capital eager for
safe employment at any price ! How long Ameri-
can trade would thrive against such odds, when
forced to pay twenty dollars duty where others
pay only fifteen, was easily to be foreseen, and,
no doubt, keenly appreciated.
It was thus Canada reversed its own policy, and
turned its back upon that of the mother country,
so industriously proclaimed for the last fifteen
years, for the purpose of excluding American
productions, as competition was mainly to be ap-
prehended from this quarter. Notonly were low
duties exchanged for much higher duties, but a
sound system was abandoned for a vicious one,
according to British authority and practice, for the
reason that (the reciprocity treaty having been
secured) the old system might inure to thu ben-
efit of the United States and not of Great Britain.
And this, I suppose, to adopt the language of the
Canadian minister, is " only proofot thewisdpm
of the means employed, not evidence ofa design
merely to injure others." Great Britain could
be benefited only by the exclusion of America;
and thus it happened, from no design or ill-will,
that America was excluded. It was not to rob
Peter, but to pay Paul, that Peter was lobbed!
It is not wonderful that Canada earnestly seeks
an extension of the reciprocity treaty, so felicit-
ously improved, nor that her minister should de-
nounce " the extreme folly ofall those who would
needlessly seek to disturb it."
When Canadian policy has been unequal to the
work of securing further advantages, the mother
country comes in as an efficient coadjutor. Under
the treaty timber from the British provinces is ad-
mitted free; but Great Britain, when timber was
sent there, maintained, until 1860, a system of
differential duties in favor of colonial timber.
They had a right to do this; and I only urge,
while they act independently of us, that we shall
act independently of them.
It may be suggested that action upon the tariff
subsequent to the treaty by the American Gov-
ernment now precludes complaint, on ourpart, for
the advanced scale ofduties levied by the Canadian
tariff. The facts, however, will not covera resort
to this argument. They had nearly doubled their
tariff by yearly additions as early as 1859. We
had reduced our tariff about twenty per cent, in
1857, and afterwards, it is true, it was increased,
but not until 1861, when the Canadian tariff was
still further advanced.
The tariff of 1861, approved by a Democratic
President, was framed, firstly, to obtain a revenue
equal to our expenditure,.based on a scale of strict
economy; secondly, to furnish a steady revenue,
avoiding actual discriminations against and to al-
low some discriminations in favor of American
labor; and lastly, to establish & principle that
would enable the American impWrter to introduce
merchandise with no higher payments of duty
than those paid by foreign manufacturers or by
foreign merchants engaged in the American trade.
In other words, specific duties were adopted where
ever practicable; but so far as the British prov-
inces were concerned, this gave the man advant-
age over more distant countries, and was the very
principle discarded by them, because of the local
favor of which it was susceptible. It is a great
though a common error to assume that this tariff
fixed rates of duty much higher than that of 1846.
It translated many of them into specifics upon an
average value computed for a series of years, and
restored many others to the same advalorem points,
with as many lower rates as higher, where they
stood under the act of 1846. In the language of
geometry there was only a change of terms, or the
leduction of an uncertain quantity to an equiva-
lent and certain quantity. Some additions were
made to the free list, and in some instances a mixed
or compound system—the specific and advalorem
combined—was adopted, but this system is re-
garded as most useful by both Great Britain and
the Canadas. It was an effort to carry out the
theory sanctioned by the experience of nearly all
civilized nations who have adopted specific duties
as the only mode of escaping from the perpetual
vaiirttionsand vcxatiunsof the ad valorem system;
but the amount of duties to be levied was not,
upon a general average, much advanced. The
effect was to collect whatever in fact was levied.
It computed the duty upon a just valuation, and
that duty, always the same, was to be honestly
collected of both the Jew and the Gentile.
It should be understood that any change in the
United States tariff would not sensibly affect Ca-
nadian trade. All articles of the growth or pro-
duce of Canada, which she had to sell, were al-
ready free by the treaty, and would, therefore,
be left untouched. Canada really produces little
in the way of manufactures, and the treaty nearly
covered all other exports they had from one ex-
tremity to the other. But it was far otherwise
with the United States.
One of the arguments most persuasive to us at
the time of the'adoption of the treaty—always
excepting the undeveloped good will—was the
low rates of provincial taiiffs; and this might
have proved less potential but for the seductive
entertainments, the bird suppers and champagne,
which sometimes win their way where the diplo-
macy of arguments might despair. The wax on
corks often has an intimate relation to the wax on
parchments. I only mean to assert that secret ser-
vice money, by theUnited States as well as by Can-
ada, itis widely understood,was actively employed
in bringing about the treaty; and if our share, as
well as that of Canada, was not expended heie, it
is difficult to see where it was expended. It is a
silly sheep that bribes the lion to a repast of mut-
ton. The provincial appetite needed no whetting.
Of couise it was neither suggested nor anticipa-
ted that the policy of specific or low duties might
be suddenly changed, nor is the fact mentioned to
reproach Canada with bad faith, but as a warning
to such as have faith in further lessons of reci-
procity.
The British provinces are not remote nor •un-
connected, and it would seem that we Tnight hope
from them sentiments of ordinary good will. If
they were independent, and united or not united
to us, we might count upon some positive friend-
ship. But they touch us throughout the whole
breadth of a continent, and they are yet merely ill
the rank of colonies, and being so their rulers ap-
pear to be more or less moved by selfishness and
by that unceasing spur of an inferior with the role
of a rival—jealousy. Their Government is less
■anxious to become the exponent of the voice of
their own "people than to echo that of a far-off an-
cestral aristocracy. We may wish itwereother-
wise, but a reciprocity treaty only aids to confirm
such facts.
Other reasons alleged for the increase of the
Canadian tariff are that the Government had em-
barked in extensive works of internal improve-
ments—railroads and canals—and must have rev-
enue to pay the interest on the outlay. In order
that these might carry freight at low rates, or
without tolls, the Government assumed heavy
burdens, and now levies taxes upon their whole
people for the benefit of freighters. The comple-
tion of such subsidized works, supported upon ,
such national principles, is conclusive and inex-
orable upon the competition of private enterprise.
Like the steam-vessels, to which the British Gov-
ernment pays subsidies, wherever they touch pri-
vate adventures vanish and American interests
are overmastered. Merchandise from theUnited
States is taxed with increased duties to enable
Canadian roads and canals to carry notonly their
own products, but to underbid for the carrying-
trade of American products, and to work so cheap-
ly as to deter and discourage rivals from spring-
ing up on American soil. They propose for a
consideration to undertake our railway transpor-
tation at reduced rates, but at last we find the rail-
way charged to us in a bill of items! I do not
point out these things in the mood of wailing for
wrongs, but to show there is a people across our
borders quite as cute at a bargain, or in securing
the mastery of accidents, as those who dwell on
this side of the line. We must do our own carry-
ing-trade on land and water, and not forget that
one nation which builds iron ships imposes their
construction upon others. It will hardly be said
that Canada can better afford national subsidies
to thoroughfares than the United States.
Our laws, which do not permit foreign ships to
carry from one of our ports to another, yet per-
mit foreign railroads almost an unrestricted en-
joyment of the privilege so jealously denied on
the ocean, rivers,and lakes. Thus, through our
own laws and treaties, we seem to have been for
the last ten years preeminently employed in build-
ing up the trade of a people who sell to us but
who will not buy; who carry not only their own
products to market but American, and who build
their own ships and are eager for such an exten-
sion of the reciprocity system as will allow them
to do the little shipbuilding and such coasting
trade as may remain for American commerce.
There i$ no labor from which they would not re-
lievo us until they have relieved us of our gold.
Our position gives to us the carrying-trade over
about one hundred miles of railroad, controlled
by a perpetual British lease, and in whose pros-
perity no American has either a dime or a vote,
from Portland to Canada line, which thegian t cor-
porations of the British provinces have anglicized
and monopolized; and for this equivocal favor we
have, with excessive liberality, allowed more than
one thousand miles of Canadian railroads to suc-
cessfully compete for the carrying-trade from one
point to another in the United States.
The western, or agricultural States, have suf-
fered through the operation of this treaty as much,
if not more than any others, and have made least
complaint. Their products are so immense that
they do not miss what is filched from them by
land-rats or water-rats. Such of the eastern States
as fail to produce their own breadstuff's, or their
butchers1 meat, or their wool, or their horses,
would not be likely to protest against supplies
from Canada, and the consequent reduction of
prices. The European markets present no open-
ing to the United States or Canada for agricultural
productions, except in seasons of deficient crops.
The northern and eastern United States furnish
the only reliable markets, year after year, for any
surplus produced by even Canada, as well as the
