3378
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 29,
I am in favor of restricting ourselves properly
in debate, and I would not wantonly appeal from
the decision of the Chair unless i thought it too
strictly restricted the freedom of debate. No Sen-
ator, I think, will say that I have departed from
the questions that were before the body when I
have addressed it. I did not appeal when the
Chair first decided that the Senator from Ken-
tacky was out of order. I then thought that he
was pursuing a line of argument in answer to my
colleague which perhaps was not addressed to
the question before the body; but now when the
Senator was called to order he was discussing the
importance of an immediate expression of the
opinion of the Senate against conduct on the part
of officials which restricted if it did not strike
down the freedom of the press. Jsthatnot proper
for the consideration of the Senate in decidingthe
Question whether the resolution shall be taken up?
have the greatest respect for the Chair, as the
Chair personally knows, for him personally, and
for him in his official capacity; but I thought that
the argument of the Senator from Kentucky on
this very question that is before the body was
legitimate and within the proper range of debate.
Mr. WILSON. Is it in orderto move to post-
pone the consideration of the presentand all prior
questions to take up a bill ? I desire to take up
the bill reported by the Committee on Military
Affaus this afternoon.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
is of opinion that it is in order to postpone the
appeal and all prior orders.
Mr. WILSON. I make that motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
by the Senator from Massachusetts that the mo-
tion before the Senate be postponed, and that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of the bill (l~I.
R. No. 549) further to regulate and provide for
the enrolling and calling out the national forces,
and for other purposes.
Mr. CONNESS. 1 ask theChairwhetherthe
motion of the Senator from Massachusetts is not
a debatable question.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is, within
limits.
Mr. CONNESS. Then I ask him to wi'h-
draw it that i may move to lay the appeal on the
table,
Mr. HENDRICKS. At the suggestion of the
Senator fiom Kentucky Qnd the Senator from
Ohio and others, with a view of an immediate
vote on the proposition of the Senator from Ken-
tucky, I withdraw the appeal. He informs them
that he docs not care about forcing the debate.
The PR,ESI DENTjsro tempore. Does the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts withdraw his motion?
Mr. WILSON. No, sir. 1 desire that the
question be put. The appeal is withdrawn.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair is
of opinion that if the appeal can be withdrawn
and >s wilhdiavvn, the motion of the Senator from
Massachusetts would not be in order, because it
would be piling one motion to proceed to the con-
sideration of a hill upon another. The motion of
the Senator from Kentucky must first be determ-
ined,
Mr. WILSON. Is it not in order for me to
move that the consideration of the subject pending
be postponed?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is nothing
hut a motion to proceed to some other business
Mr. WILSON. The motion I want to ninkp
is to postpone the consideration of the pending
question winch is moved by the Senator from
Kentucky and all other questions, to take up the
House bitl reported by the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
ThcPPiESIDENTpro tempore. The Chair un-
derstands the motion of the tjenator from -Massa-
chusetts, and is of opinion that the only way to
he rid of the motion of the Senator from Kentucky
is to vote on it.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is one other way, 1
think. I think the Senate can always command
its own time. I move to lay the proposition of
the Senator from Kentucky on the table.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
has already decided that to be out of order. It is
done in the House of Representatives by rule.
The Senate has no such rule. There is nothing
to lay on th^ table.
Mr. POWELL. I only desire to say that I
think it if wry clear that I am not to have free-
dom of debate here. I am willing that a vote
shall betaken upon the resolution without another
word, and at some other time I will discuss the
matter.
Several Senators. Take a vote.
The question bejng taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 8, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalcw, Oarlile, Cowan, Davis, Hen-
dtioki?, MeJDougall, Powell, and Riddle—8.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Clark, Conness,
Doolittle, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Harlan, Harris,
Howe, Lan<> of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Morrill, Pomeroy,
Ramsey, Sherman, Spra«ue, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Trum-
bull, Van Winkle, Wade, and Wilson—25.
ABSENT — Messrs. Brown, Collamei, Dixon, Hale,
Hauling, Henderson, Hicks, Howaid, Johnson, Morgan,
Nesmith, Richardson, tfaui&lmry, Wilkinson, Willey, and
Wright—16.
So the motion to take up the resolution was not
agreed to.
MESSAGE FltOM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, us Clerk, announced that
the House of Representatives had passed the bill
of the Senate (No. 109) to expedite the settlement
of titles to land in the State of California.
The message also announced that the House of
Representatives had passed the following House
bills; in which the concujrence of the Senate was
requested:
A bill (No. 517) to incorporate the National
Union Insurance Company of Washington; and
A bill (No. 560) to amend an act of Congress
entitled "An act to grant the right of preemp-
tion to certain purchasers on theSoscol Ranch in
the State of California." * ...
The message further announced that the House
of Representatives had agreed to the report of
the committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (No. 405) to
provide internal revenue to support the Govern-
ment, to pay interest on the public debt, and for
other purposes; and had also agreed to the report
of the committee of conference on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses on the bill (S. No.
54) to incorporate the Metropolitan Railroad
Company in the District of Columbia.
The message furtherannounced that the House
of Representatives had agreed to some and dis-
agreed to other amendments of the Senate to the
bill of the House (No, 527) making appropria-
tions for sundry civil expanses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending 30th June, 1865; that it
had agreed to the twenty-third amendment of the
Senate to the bill, with an amendment, in which
it requested the concurrence of the Senate; that
it insisted upon itsdisagieementand amendment
as aforesaid, asked a conference on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses, and had appointed
Mr. Thaddeijs Stf.ykns, Mr. GeorgeS. Hout-
wf.ll, and Mr. W. P. Noble, managers at the
same on its part.
ENROLLED HILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speak-
er of the House of Representatives had signed
the following enrolled bills; which thereupon re-
ceived the signature of the President pro tempore
of the Senate:
A bill (S. No. 226) tonid in the settlement,sub-
sistence, and suppoi t of the Navajo Indian cap-
tives upon a reservation in the Territory of New
Mexico;
A bill (S. No. 203) authorizing a grant to the
State of California of the Yosomitc vaiiey and of
the land embracing the Mariposa Big Tree Grove;
A bill (H. R. No. 4J4) for the relief of the
estate of B. F. Kendall; and *
A bill (II. R. No. 205) authorizing the issue
of patents for locations made with certificates
granted under authority of the act of Congress,
approved March 17, lti62, allowing floats in sat-
isfaction of lands sold by the United States within
the limits of the Los Onmgas and the La Nana
grants in Louisiana.
AMENDMENT OF CONSCRIPTION LATV.
Mr. WILSON. I now renew my motion to
take up House bill No. 549, further to regulate
and provide for the enrolling and calling out the
national forces, and for other purposes.
Mi. CHANDLER. That is a very bad bill,
and I do not agiee to take it up. Theie is noth-
ing good in it. I move to lake up House bill No.
307
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair is
obliged to rule that such a motion is not in order.
Mr. CHANDLER. Then I move to lay the
Senator's motion on the table.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
must rule that to be out of order. A mere motion
cannot be laid on the table.
Mr. CHANDLER. How can I get up the
Camden and Amboy railroad bill?
Mr. WILSON. By voting me down. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope the Senate will vote
him down.
The motion of Mr. Wilson was agreed to; and
the bill (H. R. No. 549) fuither to regulate and
provide for the enrolling and calling out the na-
tional forces, and for other purposes, was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It provides
that the President of the United States may, at
his discretion, at any time hereafter call for any
number of men as volunteers for the respective
terms of one, two, and three years for military
service; and any such volunteei, or, in case of
draft, as subsequently provided in the bill, any
substitute, is to be credited to the town, town-
ship, piecmct, or election district, toward the
quota of which he may have volunteered or en-
gaged as a substitute; and every volunteer and
substitute who is accepted and mustered into the
service for a term of one year, unless sooner dis-
charged, is to receive, and be paid by the United
States, a bounty of $200; and if for a term of two
years, unless sooner discharged, a bounty of $300;
and if for a term of three years, unless sooner
discharged,a bounty of $400; one half of which
bounty is to be paid to the soldier at the time of
his being mustered into the seivice, one fouithat
the expiration of one half of his term of service,
and one fourth at the expiration of his term of
service. Incase of his death while in service, the
residue of his bounty unpaid is to be paid to his
widow, if he shall have left a widow; if not, to
his children, or if there be none, to his legal rep-
resentatives. In case he is honorably discharged
by reason of wounds or sickness incurred in the
service in the line of his duty, he is to receive
full bounty. In case the quota, or any part
thereof, of any town, township, waid, precinct,
or election district, or of any county not so sub-
divided, shall not be filled within the space of
sixty days after such call, then the President is to
order a draft for one year to fill such quota, or
any part thereof, which may be unfilled; and in
case of any such draft no'payment of money is
to be accepted or received by the Government as
commutation to release any enrolled or drafted
man from personal obligation to perform military
service.
It is to be lawful for the Executive of any of
the States to send recruiting agents into any of
the States declared to be in rebellion to recruit
volunteers under any call under the provisions of
this act, who are to be credited to the State, and
to the respective subdivisions thereof, which may
procure the enlistment; and drafted men, substi-
tutes, and volunteers, when mustered in, are to
be organized in, or assigned to, regiments, bat-
teries, or other organizations of their own States,
and, as far as practicable, shall, when assigned,
be permitted to select their own regiments, bat-
teries, or other organizations from among those
of their respective States which at the lime of as-
signment may ifot be filled to their maximum
number.
The twentieth section of the act entitled "An
act to amend an act entitled 'An act for enrolling
and calling out the national forces, and for other
purposes,'" approved February 24,1864,is to be
construed so as to mean that the Secretary of
War shall discharge minors under the age of
eighteen years under the ciicunistances and on
the conditions prescribed in that section; and
hereafter, if any officer of the United States shall
knowingly enlist or muster into the military ser-
vice any person under the age of sixteen years,
with or without the consent of his parent or guard-
ian, such person so enlisted or recruited is to be
immediately and unconditionally discharged; and
such recruiting or mustering officer is to be dis-
missed the service, with forfeiture of all pay arid
allowances, and be subject to such further pun-
ishment as a court-martial may direct.
Section three of an act entitled 41 An act to
amend an act entitled 1 An act for enrolling and
