1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB'E.
mz 9
calling out the national forces, and for other pur-
poses,55' approved February 24, 1864, is to be
amended so as to authorize and directdistrict pro-
vost marshals, under the direction of the Provost
Marshal General, to make a draft for fifty per
cent, in addition to the number required to fill the
quota of any district as provided by that section.
Instead of traveling pay, all drafted persons
reporting at the place of rendezvous are to be
allowed transportation from their places of resi-
dence, and persons discharged at the place of
rendezvous are to be allowed transportation to
their places of residence.
All persons in the naval service of the United
States who have entered the service during the
present rebellion, who have not -been credited to
the quota of any town, district, ward, or State,
by reason of their being in the service and not
enrolled prior to February 24,1864, are to be en-
rolled and credited to the quotas of the town,
waid, district, or State in which they respect-
ively reside.
If any person duly drafted shall be absent from
home in prosecution of his usual business, the
provost marshal of the district is to cause him to
be duly notified as soon as may be, and he is not
to be deemed a deserter, nor liable as such, until
notice has been given to him and reasonable time
allowed for him to return and report to the pro-
vost marshal of his district; but such absence is
not otherwise to affect his liability.
JNothing contained in this act is to be construed
to alter or in any way affect the law relative to
those conscientiously opposed to bearing arms.
The Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia reported the bill with several amendments.
The first amendment was in section one, lines six
and seven, after the word " volunteer," to stiike
out the woids, "or, in case of draft, as hereinafter
provided, any substitute;" so that it will read:
That the Piesident of the United States may, at his dis-
cretion, nt any time hereafter, call Cor any number of men
as voluniecrs, lor the ie-pective turns* of otic, two, and
linee yeai®, tor nulitasy service ; and any such volunteer
shall be credited, &c.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to know
why the committee«.propose to strike out those
words.
Mr. WILSON. I will state the reason. The
bill proposes to give to any person who will en-
list within sixty days for one year, a bounty of
§200, $300 for two years, and $400 foi thiee years,
and it provides that then the President may draft,
and the drafted person for one year has no bounty
whatever, but if he gets a substitute the substitute
is to have a bounty of $200. What we want to
do is to encourage personal service and not en-
courage a man to geta substitute. The provision
is clearly wrong and ought to be stricken out.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But the peison will be
entitled to procure a substitute after this draft.
Mr. WILSON. He may piocme a substitute
and pay for him instead of the country paying
him &200.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is all right.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line eight of sec-
tion one, after the word " township," to insert
the words " ward of a city;" and in hne nine,
after the word "district" to insert "or of a county
not so subdivided;" so that the clause will read:
And any such volunteer shall he credncd to til'* town,
township, watd of a city, piecmct, or election di«tu«'t, ot
of a county not so subdivided, towaid tin* quota oi wlm h
he may have volunteeied or engaged as a sub^tituu*.
Mr. WILSON. That is to make the bill eon-
form to the existing law.
Mr. HOWE. Will it be in order to move to
strike out tiiat whole clause after this amendment
is made ?
Mr. WILSON. Certainly.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pomeroy
in the chair.) The Chair thinks it w ill be in oxuer.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section one, hne
nine, after the word " volunteer" to strike out tin.
worths " or engaged as a substitute;" and m the
same line after "volunteers" to strike out the
woids ''and substitute."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next awendmont was in section one, Hne
seventeen j to sti ike out the words "one half and
insert " one third;" and m hne nineteen to strike
out " one fourth" and insert " one third;" and in
hne twenty to sti ike out " one fourth'" and insert
" one third;" so thatthe clause will read:
One thud of which boumy shall be paid to the soldier at
the tinni of hi-, being mu tcied mm the service, one third
at the expiration of one half of his term of service, and one
thud at the expiration of his term ol seivice.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section one, line
twenty-four, after the word " representative" to
strike out the following clause:
And in ca«e he is honorably discharged by reason of
wounds oi sickness incuircd in the hne of his duty heshail
receive full bounty.
Mr. HOWE. I should like to know why these
words are stricken out.
Mr. WILSON. By the existing law a soldier
who is honorably discharged from the service for
wounds received in battle receives his bounty;
but this provision it was believed would disorgan-
ize the present A i my and those that would be put
into it. It provides that persons discharged by
reason of wounds or sickness incurred in the line
of duty shall receive full bounty. The tendency
of Kti'-li a measure will bo demoralizing on the
existing Army. That is the unanimous opinion
of the officers m the service, and there is no jus-
tice in it. The law takes care of the wounded
now, and sickness is so indefinite a term, so un-
certain, that it will not do to put it in here. A man
may be sick and discharged from the line of ser-
vice and be as well within a week afterwards as
ever lie was.
Mr. HOWE. I entirely agree that this pro-
vision for paying bounties to those who are dis-
charged by icason of sickness is wrong; but if
you stiike out the words "or sickness" you
would affect 
Mr. FOSTER. Wounds are provided for by
law.
Mr. HOWE. I know there is a law providing
for paying bounties existing under former laws.
Mr. FOSTER. It covers all during the war.
Mr. HOWE. If thete is no doubt about that
this would be unnecessaiy.
Mr. WILSON. Theie js no doubt about it.
Mr. IIOVVE. I have looked at the law and I
thought there was some doubt about it.
The amendment was agieed to.
The next amendment was in section two, line
two, aftei the word " ward " to insert the words
" of a city."
The amendment was agieed to.
The next amendment was in section two, line
four, before the word "days" to stiike out
"sixty " arid insert " forty;" so that it will read:
That m ease Hie quota, oi any past thcieof, of any town
township, waui of a tit}, piueinet, oi electioi
ol an\ county not so
ille sp.u'e oi Jotty d.i
shall okIim a dialt, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the fifth
section, as follows:
Src. ') jlnd be it fwither cnucfed, That the twentieth
section ol tnc <>et entitled k,Au act to amend an act en-
titled -An act lot eniolhiig and calling out the national
toiccs. and fot othei pmpo^cO ,} approved February *2-1,
jyiSJ,shall be i-on-luted to mean that the Sceictary of Wai
Miall di-ehaiL'o Illinois under the age ofeighteen >car- un-
dn the enciuo-i.ucev and on the condition* pre&mhed in
said -eciion. and hneaftet i! any officer ot the United
ritatfs >h ill knownitilv enlist oi muster into the nnhtar>
-crvKC any pei.-on under the aao of sixteen yeais, with ot
wilhoul the ooii-ent ot hi^ paient oi gtiaidian, Mich person
-o cub «t<'d pi reei imed -hall be immediately and uneondi
tion..s!\ dwh.rg''d, and Mich ten uiting oi musteline offi-
ce! -hall !>'' diMni--ed tin seivtc, with fojfeituieol all pay
and allowance- and-hall be -ubject to :,uch luilhci pun-
ishment a.- a eopii-maiual may direct.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Some poifions of this
ser.um I desne not to see stricken out. I think
lins proMvoii of the section ought to letmun:
And hen ati"i. if any ollieei of tne United States -hall
knovVjii'dy enli't or mu-t"i into the military seivice any
pci'im mulei Uie ajo nt .-luci',1 ycuis. with or without the
cogent o< In6! patent or znaKhan. Mich person so enh-ted
Ol rcei uited shall be mum diat> !y and unconditionally dirf-
charged; and Mich n-c-i intuis or miutcinig officer shall be
di "iiiisst d the n^i vice, u uh fot u'ltine oi ail pay and allow-
ance-, and shall be -ubject to such t'lithei puiu^lnneut as
a couif maitial may direct.
A pei&oii undei tile Hge of sixteen years is not
fit to do military duty, it is certainly not the in-
terest of the eounti y that the chiiditm should be
biought into the Aimy.
Mr. WILSON. 1 will say to the Senator that
the latter pait of the section beginning with the
words " and hereafter" I should be willing to have
di-tiict, oi
ubdividi (I, shall not be filled within
- altei shell call, then the I'lCftident
stand, to punish any^officerwho'should master
into the service any child under sixteen years of
age; but the first part of it i& believed woul{l- 'de-
moralize the service. , - • ,
Mr. HENDRICKS. I was going to-suggest
to the Senator from Massachusetts to strike out the
word "knowingly." Itisnot important whether
the officer knowsitornot. It is against the true
interests of the country to have children in the
Army. Then I suggest to him to strike out that
part which punishes the officer. That ought npt
to be in a law like this. Then the section will
stand merely directing the discharge of any per-
son under sixteen years of age unconditionally.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be in
order to amend the section before the question is
taken on striking out.
Mr. WILSON. Do I understand theSepator's
proposition to be to preserve the latter part of
this section, beginning at the word "hereafter"
in theeighth line, and to abandon the other parts?
The first part of the section, the first eight lines",
down to the word "and" I think it very im-
portmit should £<> out of the bill.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not understand that
part.
Mr. WILSON. By existing law the Secretary
of War can discharge from the service any minor
on the representation to him that he ought to be
discharged. He has got the power; itis confided
to him. The minor lias to swear that he is
eighteen years old or our officers are forbidden
to muster him info the service. If we should pass
this section as it comes from the House of Rep-
resentatives we should have a clamor for the dis-
missal of men; and 1 have no doubt many men
twemy-two or twenty-three years old would be
dismissed fiom service under it. The previous
law was so framed as to prevent that very thing.
We found that peisons had been mustered out
of the service, and the Secietary of War had
discharged as minors persons who afterwards
proved to be over twenty-one years of age. I
should be willing to retain that part of the sec-
tion in reference to boys under sixteen years old.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move to strike outthe
word " knowingly" in the ninth line; and in the
thirteenth line after the word " officer" to insert
the words "who shall knowingly."
Mr. FESSENDEN. Who shall knowingly
Mr. BUCKALEW. Who shall knowingly
enlist boys under sixteen years of age.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Here is the point that
I make to the Senator from Massachusetts: I
think the boy ought to be dismissed from the ser-
vice on consideiations of public policy, if lie is
under sixteen years of age, whether the officer
knew his age at the tune he enlisted him or not.
That is the ground I take. I do not want it to be
restucted m this way. My attention was called
to this matter yesteiday. 1 received a letter from
a very intelligent citizen of Indianapolis, inform-
ing me that without his knowledge his child un-
der fifteen years of age was enlisted and was go-
ing down to the army of the Cumberland, and he
wanted me to appeal to the Secretary of War for
his discharge. I called upon the Secretary of
War and he merely replied to me that he would
not discharge anybody.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest to the honor-
able Senator that he can carry out his idea, in the
thirteenth ime, by saying "any recruiting or
mustering officer who shall knowingly muster
into the acrvicc any person, &c., shall be pun-
ished."
Mr. HENDRTCKS. I move to strike out the
word "knowingly" in the ninth line.
Mr. WILSON. Then the section would read
in this way:
That hereafter if any officer of the United States shall
enhst or muster into the military service any person un-
der the age of sixteen years, with or without the consent
nt liif parent or guardian, such person so enlisted or re-
citntcd shall be immediately arid unconditionally dis-
chatged; and such leeiuiting or mustering officer wlio
shalfktiowiiigly enlist oi muster him into the service, &c.,
shall be dismissed the service.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Yes, sir.
Mr. WILSON. 1 think that would be right.
We should strike out all of the section down to
the word " hereafter" and then take the amend-
ment suggested by the Senator from Indiana.
Mr. SHERMAN. And strike out the word
" hereafter."
