1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2403
The same reason exists against it that existed
against the prior amendment.
The amend ment to the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HARLAN. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding- the following as an additional
section:
And be it fuithcr cnacted, That before any land granted
by this act shall be conveyed to any company or party en-
titled thereto, undei this act, chore shall be first paid Into
the Treasury of the United States the gross co«t of survey-
ing, selecting, and conveying the same, by the said com-
pany or pai ty in interest, which amount shall, without any
furthet appiopriation, stand to the credit of the proper ac-
count to be used hytheCommissioneroftheGeneralLand
Office for the prosecution of the survey of the public lands
along the line of said roads, and so from year to year, until
the whole shall be completed, as provided under the pro-
visions of this act.
The object of this amendment is that the com-
panies shall pay for the survey of their own land;
that is, of the land that is to be granted to them
under this bill. This has become almost neces-
sary, as it seems to me. The entire receipts from
the land system do not now more than pay the
expense of the system. The adoption of this bill
will very greatly enlarge the work of the office
here and the work in the field; and it seems to me
that those who are to derive an advantage from the
grant ought to pay at least for the survey of the
land.
Theamendmentto the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I offer the following 
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. If it is not too late, I
ask for the yeas and nays on the last amendment
proposed by the Senator from Iowa.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. In the opinion
of the Clutir it is too late. They can be had ill
the Senate.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I move to reconsider
the vote.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Lettheamend-
mcnt now proposed be reported.
The Secretary read the amendment of Mr.
Harlan, which was in line thirty-seven of sec-
tion two, on page 9, after "1877" to insert:
And at the rate of not less than one hundred miles for
cvt:iy yeai after ;my branch railroad shall be completed
fiom the Missouri riverto thr> said initial point on the one
hundredth meridian.
Mr. HARLAN. The object of this is to re-
quire the company to keep at work. The bill, as
it stands, provides that they shall complete the
road within a given period of ten years, I think,
which may be extended by the President five
years more. This amendment is intended to
compel them to continue the work from year to
year and build at least one hundred miles every
year. I believe the chairman of the committee
told me lie had no objections to it.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 have no objection to it.
. Theamendmentto theamendmentwasagreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I propose now an amendment
to come in on page 36, after the forty-sixth line
of scction fifteen, as a separate provision. If it
shall be adopted, (and I wish to make this expla-
nation,) 1 shall then move to strike out of section
fifteen all that pertains to the Sioux City branch.
The object of this amendment is to enable the
companies named in the amendment to proceed
to build the Sioux City branch road after a rail-
road shall have been completed to Sioux City
through Iowa or through Minnesota.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment will be reported.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Inseit after line foitv-*.ix of section fifteen:
SIOUX CITY BRANCH.
That foi the piupobes lieicin mentioned the Dubuque
and Sioux City Railroad Company, the McGregor and West-
on Railroad Company, each ut said companies being a body
coiporate undcrthe huvs of the. State of Iowa, and the Mm-
iH-'bOta Valley Railroad Company, the &aid company being
u body coiporate under the laws of the State of Minnesota,
or any two ot them so agreeing to form a consolidated com-
pany tor tins puipose, and in case of disagreement, then
any one of them so downing it, to boindicated by the Piesi-
dent of the United States, whenever there shall be a line
of lailroad fully completed and equipped tlnougli Minne-
sota or Iowa to Sioux City, on the Mis-soui i nver, is heieby
authorized to cowmuct a railroad and telegraph from said
Sioux City, upon the most dnect and practicable route, to
intersect and unite with the said laihoad trom said western
boundary of Iowa, at Mich point thereon as the President
of the United States shall fix, not further west than the
said one hundredth meudiun of longitude, and to construct
the same at a rate of not less than lUty nules each year,
fiom and after the time when any such road shah be built
through Minnesota or Iotfa to said Sioux City, as afore-
said ; and for and in aid of such purposes the said company
may do and perform, in reference to said road provided for
in this section, and in reference to the construction, equip-
ment, maintenance, and enjoyment thereof, all and singu-
lar the several acts and things hereinbefore provided, au-
thorized, granted, or required to be done by said company;
and shall be entitled to similar and like giants, benefits, im-
munities, guarantees, acts, and things to be done and per-
formed by the Government of the United States* by the
President of the United States, the Secretaries of the Treas-
ury and of the Interior, or by commissioners, and be sub-
ject to like terms?, conditions, restrictions, and regulations
heroiubefore contained, relating to that portion of the.paid
Union Pacific railroad and telcgiaph line between said ini-
tial point and said eastern base of the Rocky mountains,so
far as such acts and tiling®, grants, benefits, immunities,
and guaiuuteesare applicable to said road; the route of said
load to be subject to the approval of the President of the
United States.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope that willnotprevait.
I do not wish to make it a subject of debate. It
is introducing into the bill matter which was not
considered by the committee, and I think the
>vhoIe ground is sufficiently coveted already by
the other provisions of the bill. The fifteenth
section of the bill requires the Union Pacific Rail-
road Company to construct a line from Sioux
City, southwestwardly, to unite with the mam
trunk, wherever there shall be a railroad in oper-
ation through the State of Iowa or Minnesota.
Whenever that thing shall be done, it will be the
duty of the Union Pacific Railroad Company to
construct this branch and unite Sioux City with
the main trunk,and notuntil then. This amend-
ment, i believe, would authorize the consolidated
companies mentioned in it to proceed at once to
the construction of this branch.
Mr. HARLAN. Not at all; only when a road
shall be constructed through Iowa or Minnesota
to Sioux City.
Mr. HOWARD. Then it is sufficiently pro-
vided for in the bill already.
Mr. HARLAN. The only object that will be
effected by this amendment, if it shall be adopt-
ed, will be to authonze these companies now
organized in Iowa and Minnesota to build this
branch road, under precisely the sairrti provisions
that are now m the bill, instead of the Union
Pacific Railroad Company. Under the terms of
the law of 1862, the Union Pacific Railroad Com-
pany was required to build this branch road, and
if they failed to do so they forfeited all their
rights and franchises; but under this bill there is
no forfeiture, so that it amounts to merdy the
privilege on their part to build the road. The
people in Iowa, and Minnesota, and Wisconsin,
might very well doubt whether it would be the
interest of any company that might be organized
as the Union Pacific railroad to build a branch
road to connect with their- northern system of
roads, and theieby divide the profits of trans-
portation with those who own the roatls directly
east of the main line. It might be the inteiestof
the Union Pacific Railroad Company under this
bill not to build this bianch, and if they do not
there are no forfeitures. They are under no
obligations whatever to build this branch road;
they merely have the privilege to do so. What
1 seek to secure by this amendment is that tins
privilege to build the road shall be extended lo
the companies organized m Iowa and Minnesota
if they choose to do so, and not be granted to the
Union Pacific Railroad Company. It will be giv-
ing two companies in Iowa the same right that is
granted in the old law and in this bill to the rail-
road company in Missouriowning the road from
Hannibal to St. Joseph, and nothing more.
Mr.POMEROY. I do not object to this amend-
ment myself; I only want to make a remark in
reference to what the Senator from Iowa said yes-
terday, when he stated that Congress had adapted
a principle that it could not authorize a company
to build a railroad in a State. Congress has never
yet authorized a corporation of a State to build a
railroad in a Territory. This is as much a new
featuieas the other feature of the bill of which the
Senatorspoke yesterday. The Senator's amend-
ment proposes to authorize twocorporations cre-
ated by States to build a railroad in a Territory
where the United States have exclusive jurisdic-
tion. 1 do not know that there is anything in the
point, but I think if those State companies may be
authorized by Congress to build a latlroad in a
Tenitory, Congress may at least authorize a com-
pany to build a railroad in a State.
Mr. HARLAN. The bill itself provides that
the Hannibal and St. Joseph Railroad Company,
in the State of Missouri, may build a hundred
miles of this road in the State of Kansas.
Mr. POMEROY. But not in a Territory.
Mr. GRIMES. What is the difference ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. That is still worse.
Mr. HARL&N. That is, they cannot buikfa
railroad in a Territory when they may build one
in a State. U is supposed by some that Coitgress
has jurisdiction over the Territories and may en-
act laws for the Territories, and modify laws now
in existence in a Territory; and if Congress has
that power, of course such a question as the Sen-
ator from Kansas suggests cannot be raised as to
my amendment. But there are others who think '
that Congress has no right to organize a company
to build a road in a State without the consent of
the State. I respectfully differ, therefore, in opin- -
ion with the Senator from Kansas on this subject.
Mr. POMEROY. I only spoke of it as anew
feature, not that I thought it unconstitutional or
very objectionable. The Senator's objection to
our amendment yesterday was on the ground of
its being a new feature.
Air. HOWARD. -I have no doubt about the
power of Congress to recognize a railroad charter,
granted by a Stat#, and to give it certain privi-
leges and franchises m regard to the public lands
in the Territories of thfc united States. I h&ve
not any question about that, and I make no such
point. I think -we have full apd plerfary power.
Mr. POMEROY. I have no doubt about it.
Mr. HO WARD. My objection to this amend-
ment is that it introduces into the bill a new feat-
ure that I do not fully understand, I confess. At -
the same time I am bound to say that the Senators
who represent those States that are immediately
concerned understand it much better than I do,
and 1 shall throw no obstacle in the way of the
adoption of this amendment if they sec fit to urge
it. I am a little afraid of it myself under the cir-
cumstances.
Theamendmentto the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I now move to amend section
fifteen so as to conform to this amendment. Let
^he heading of the section, instead .of reading
"Omaha and Sioux City branches," read "Om-
aha branch."
The PRESIDENT;*™ tempore. Thatamend-
ment will be made.
M r. HARLAN. In line three, I move to strike
out the words ''single line of." That is a pro-
vision that docs not pertain to any other branch
road or-to the main line, and I see no reason why
it should pertain lo the Omaha branch. If they
desire to build a double-track railroad from Omaha
to the hundredth meridian, it seems to me they
ou^ht to have the right to do so.
The PRES1DEN I1 pro tempore. The modifi-
cation will be made, if there be no objection." The
Chair hears no objection.
Mr. HARLAN. 1 move to amend the fifteenth
section as 1 have marked it in red on the printed
copy in my hand. The amendmentsare numer-
ous, but merely as to phraseology^o as to make
the section apply to the Oinaha branch line.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ments will be read.
The Secretary read:
In Miction fifteen, line eight, after the word" longitude,"
strike out "and whenevei there shall bo a line of radroad
fullv equipped through Minnesota or Iowa to Sioux City,
on "the MishOim rivei, said Union Pacific Railroad Com-
pany ib hereby authorized and tequired to construct a mll-
roadand telegraph fiom said Sioux City, upon the iiif t di-
rect and practicable route, to intersect and unite with the
said mihoad iiom said western boundary of Iowa, at such
point thereon ai the Piesident of the United States shall
fix, not further west than the said one hundredth meridian
ot longitude, and to construct the same at a rate ofnot less
than one hundred miles* each year, from and after the time
when any t>uch road shall be built through Minnesota or
lovva to &aid Sioux City an <ifoiet>aid."
Theamendmentto i he amendment was agreed to.
■?'he PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Iowa also moves further to amend the fif^
teenth section by striking out in line twenty-two
the woids "each of," and the letter " s" from
the word 41 roads" in the same line. This amend-
ment will be made. The next ison page36, line
thirty-seven, of the same section, after the words
"applicable to said," to strike outthe word "two"
and the letter "s" from the word "roads;" ' '
and in the thirty-eighth line to. strike out the
words "or either of them," and "each of said,"
and the letter "s" from the word "roads;" and
in line forty-one to strike out the word "first." -
The amendments to the amendment were
agreed to.
Mr.LANE,ofIQ*ns&s4f move toamend line six,
