S380
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 29,
Mr. HEOTjRICKS. Let that be included in
the motion.
Mr. WILSON. Very well; strike thatouttoo.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts so .modify his amend-
ment?
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be read as modified.
The Secretary read the section as proposed to
he amended, as follows:
4Snd be it further enacted, That if any officer of the Uni-
ted States shall enlist or muster into the military service
any person under the age of sixteen years, with or without
the consent of his parent or guardian, such person so en-
listed or recruited shall be immediately and uncondition-
ally discharged; and such recruiting or mustering officer
who shall knowingly enlist any person under sixteen years
Of age shall he dismissed the service, with forfeiture of all
pay and allowances, and shall be subject to such further
punishment as a court-martial may direct.
Mr. FOSTER. I move to amend by adding
after the words "unconditionally discharged"
the words upon repayment of the bounty re-
ceived. "
Mr. HOWE. I am really very sorry to have
the first part of the section stricken out. I insist
upon it that the Governmenthas no right to hold
a person under the age of eighteen years, enlisted
without the consent of the parent or guardian, in
the military service. They are not capable of
making any kind of contract by your law, and
yet you allow them to make this contract.
Mr. GRIMES. We can make a law to take
them.
Mr. HOWE. But ail the wisdom that hasgone
before us has decided that ihey ought not to be
allowed to make contracts; and here you allow
them to make a contract the most damaging to
themselves that is possible to conceive of, and
you hold them bound by that contract. 1 think
it is morally wrong; and then again I think it is
economically wrong, ldo not believe that these
boys under eighteen years of age can do the duty
of a soldier or earn the pay of a .soldier. You,
however, allow them to take the place of a sol-
dier, to count in filling up the quota of a (own or
a district, and to take the full pay of a soldier. It
is wrong to the Government as well as to the
child and to society.
The Senator from Massachusetts says that if
you do not strike out this provision persons will
be discharged from the Aimy who are twenty-
three or twenty-foui years old. 1 cannot under-
stand how any such consequence is to follow or
ought to be anticipated. The age of a person can
be established almost invariably, and the possi-
bility that some youth can be found whose age
cannot be established and proved satisfactorily
ought not lead us to countenance an act of ihis
kind. I recollect when the question of enlisting
young men under twenty years of age was first
mooted here in theSenate, when you decreed that
you would only enlist those who were upwards
of twenty, it was then said by the honorable Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, and it was said, i think,
by the judgment of nearly the whole Senate, that
a man not twenty years of age was not Into serve,
his constitution was not firm, was not established;
he could notendure the hardships of military hfe,
and that it was demoralizing the service to take
such young men into it. i am surpnsed now to
hear the same Senator insist upon holding men
in the service two years younger than that.
Mr. GRIMES. If this were a question as to
whether we should conscript or authoi ize volun-
teer of the age mentioned in this section, I am not
clear but that 1 should vote with the Senator from
Wisconsin. Bat that is not the question. The
question here is, whether or not we will so change
the law by allowing this section of the bill to
stand as to deplete our Army by drawing fiom
it such peisons as may claim to be under this age
of eighteen. The question, therefore, is whether
we, as the Representatives of the States, at this
piu ticuiar juncture are prepared to throwtiiscord,
as I think it would be, into the Army by declaring
that fiom the time tins bill shall puss into a law,
every person who is below the age specified m
this s.'etion shall be immediately discharged by
the Secretary of War. I think the Senator's ideas
uie ught as an original proposition, and that
young men ought notto be enlisted until they are
capable ofenduring fatigue. Those who are now
in the Army and under the age specified in this
section have shown that ihey are capable of en-
during the hardships of a campaign; and I think
it would not be wis? in the Senate for us to de-
clare that all those men shall be permitted to leave
the Army at this time. I think, on the other hand,
it was wise on the part of the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs to strike out from the House bill
the section which they propose to strike out, or
this part of it.
Mr. CARLILE. I do not understand that the
section if adopted, as proposed to be amended,
would have the effect which the Senator from
Iowa supposes it would; that is, the effect to dis-
charge persons now in the Army under the age
of eighteen years. If the first part of the section
had been retained it would have had that effect.
Mr. GRIMES. That is the very question that
the Senator from Wisconsin was arguing about.
Mr. CARLILE. But I understand theSenate
to agree to strike out the fiist pait.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator from Wisconsin
objects to striking out this part; and thatis what
I was talking about.
Mr. CARLILE. I desire to accomplish the
purpose which the Senator from Wisconsin has
tn view by allowing the first part of the section
to be stricken out, and so amending the latter
part as to insert " eighteen" instead of " sixteen"
years; so that it will read:
If any officer of the United Slates shall enlist or muster
inti) the miht.uy seivice any person under the age of eigh-
teen years he shall he di«ehaiged, &c.
I propose that amendment to strike out " six-
teen" and insert " eighteen." The first part of
the section being stricken out, the adoption of this
amendment requiring persons under eighteen to
be dischaiged can only apply to those hereafter
enlisted under this bill. This bill cannot have a
retroactive effect.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands the Senator from Virginia to move
an amendment.
Mr. TRUM CULL. We cannot pile up amend-
ments in this way. The first amendment was to
strike out the whole section; then an amendment
was made to strike out a part of the section; and
now we have another motion to strikeout a part
of the poi lion retained. It seems to me that can-
not be done. The Senator can move his amend-
ment at some subsequent stage of the proceed-
ings, but itseems to me wehave too many amend-
ments now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
of opinion that the proposition of the committee
to strike out the whole section does not preclude
amendment. That has been amended to a cer-
tain extent, and the amendment is still amenda-
ble.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understand that there
is an amendment to the amendment pending now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I do not under-
stand the condition of the section. I understood
the Senator fiom Indiana to propose an amend-
ment to this amendment of the committee, and
that has not been acted upon yet. *
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think there was a vote
on that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We voted on the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Connecticut,
but we have voted on no other.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The one I offered was
adopted.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I did not so understand
it. The Sreietmy can aseeitnin.
Tin; PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
before the Senate is on agreeing to the amendment
as amended.
Mr. WILSON. I think the question stands
in this way: the committee reported m favor of
striking out the entire section. The Senator from
Indiana moved to amend to preserve the part of
the section from the word " and," and proposed
an amendmentto that, which was adopted. Then
the Senator from Connecticut moved to add other
woids, so that the latter clause of this section is
complete now, I believe. Now the question is
on striking out4the first eight lines of the section
down to and including the word "and."
Mr. TRUMBULL. If that he so, ch-aily the
amendment of the Senator fiom Virginia is not
in older, because he does not propose to amend
the words proposed to be stricken out, but an-
other part.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Indiana has not yet been
acted upon. That is the first motion before the
Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to know
what that amendment is.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The section
as proposed to be amended will be reported.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
jJml be it further enacted, That if any officer of the
United States shall enlist or muster into the military ser-
vice any person under the ago of sixteen years, with or
without the consent of his parent or guardian, such per-
son so enlisted or recruited shall be immediately and un-
conditionally discharged upon repayment of the bounty re-
ceived ; and such recruiting or mustering officer who shall
knowingly enlist any peison under sixteen years of age
shall be dismissed the service, with forfeituie of all pay
and allowances, and shall be subject to such further pun-
ishment as a court-maiual may direct.
Mr. TRUM BULL. I have not ascertained yet
what the question is.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on that section as amended.
Mr. TRUMBULL. On adopting it as amended ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On adopting
it as amended.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to know if
the amendment of the Senator from Indiana after
the word " officer" m the thirteenth line has ever
been acted upon.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the
very amendment now before the Senate to be
acted upon.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then the question is not
on agreeing to tiie amendment as amended, but
on agreeing to the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Indiana.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There are sev-
eral amendments. The question will be on agree-
ing to the several amendments made to this sec-
tion.
Mr. WILSON. I think the whole trouble
grows out of the fact that the question has not
been put on sti iking out the fiist eight lines of the
section. When those are stricken out, what is
left is what the Senator from Indiana desires.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That will be
accomplished by adopting tlw amendment moved
by the Senator from Indiana.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What is it? Will the
Chair direct the Secretary to report the amend-
ment of the Senator from Indiana? He has read
to us the section as amended. I want to know
what is the amendment proposed, if 1 can ascer-
tain.
The Secretary. It is proposed to amend sec-
tion five after the word " that" in the first line by
striking out down to the word " hereafter" in the
eighth line inclusive.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not understand the
Senator from Indiana to move that.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That part of my amend-
ment I will withdraw. We will perfect the latter
part of the section first.
The Secretary. In line nine it is proposed
to stnke out the woid " knowingly."
Mr. BUCKALEVV. I ask for a separate vote
on each amendment. We shall get through
sooner in that way.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first ques-
tion will be on sinking out the word 14 know-
ingly."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was m line thirteen after
the word " officer" to insert the word " who."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line thirteen after
the woid " shall" to insert "knowingly enlist
any person under sixteen years of age shall."
The amendment was agreed to.
Air. CARLILE. I now move to strike out in
the tenth line the word "sixteen" and insert
"eighteen."
Mr. HENDRICKS. I want to call the atten-
tion of the Senator from Virginia to the effect of
his proposition. The act of February last pro-
vided as follows:
"That the Seeietaiyof War may order the discharge of
all pcr.-ons in the rmlitaiy seivice who are under the age
ot eighteen yeais at the time of the application lor their
dischaige when it shall appear upon due prool that such
persons are in the seiviee without the consent, either ex-
press or implied, of their parents oi guardians."
That authorized, and I think, giving the proper
construction to the word " nuy," directed, the
Secretary of War to discharge any minor under
