THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
we search almost in vain for any words of good
c'lieer, though we go to Montreal, St. John, or
Halifax. Exhibiting no affection, but clutching
the commercial advantages of the treaty and flat-
tering themselves that it must be perpetual, they
became truculent and exultant in proportion as
the rebellion seemed to prosper. If no reverses
should befall us, they may be expected to culti-
vate a more placid temper. But whatever others
may do, let us consult our own judgments, our
own welfare, and soberly, calmly, and without a
lingering regret request the President to give, at
the proper time, the notice for the termination of
the reciprocity treaty with Great Britain.
•Mr- W. J, ALLEN. Mr. Chairman, I pro-
pose to make some observations upon the late an-
nual message of the President. What I think of
it I shall say without prelude; what I believe of
his notions and purposes will not be attended or
followed by any cringing explanation or apology.
I assert as my deliberate opinion that the mes-
sage was prepared by the President and those
wno acted as his immediate advisers with direct
reference to a prolongation of the war, and that
this desire to protract hostilities has for its object
no other or higher aim than the reprehensible and
criminal one of reelecting himself President, con-
tinuing the present party in power, and protract-
ing the existing reign of plunder and robbery.
By his own words, and by declarations of his chief
' advisers, he stands convicted of criminal hypoc-
risy in regard to matters vital to the existence of
the country, and now, having thrown off those
restraints which were for a while imposed alone
by his timidity, he unblushingly proclaims him-
self the arbiter of States, and assumes to deal with
their governments and the rights and property of
loyal people with asway more cruel and despotic
than is claimed for any monarch or despot in the
world. Not content with violating his oflicialand
other pledges, and a total disregard of the plat-
form upon which he came into power, he has
usurped the forbidden powers of the Constitution,
and assumes to deal with individuals and States
as though they were the playthings of his malice
or mere fields of plunder for his adherents.
f shall pass by the cause*: of the war. With the
executive department in his hands, it proved in-
evitable. Though many believed that war, no
matter how produced, would in the then condition
of the public mind prove thegraveof the Repub-
lic, yet when the dire necessity came a very large
majority of the people accepted the issue which
rebellion had tendered and lavishly offered their
blood and treasure to the cause of the Govern-
ment. And I assert that never, in ancient or mod-
ern times, were the issues of any war so clearly
made or so sharply defined. On the one side was
an open, bold, and organized resistance to the
lawful authority of the Federal Government; on
the other the military power of that Government
was invoked for the purpose, the sole purpose, of
putting down armed rebellion and enforcing its
rightful authority wherever it had been obstructed
or opposed. 1 repeat that this was the only issue,
the sole purpose, for which, befote the 22d of Sep-
tember, 18652,amillionsoldiers had rallied beneath
the (Tag of the Constitution.
I said the President and his advisers had been
guilty of willful deception. 1 will make good the
charge. It is true that in the attempt 1 shall sub-
mit nothing which should be new to any member
present, nor can I hope to excite even a feeling of
shame on the part of those who, though suboidi-
mite in position, are in complicity with the Presi-
dent. Though less potential for mischief, there
are present those who are blessed with better fac-
ulties and higher endowments than the President,
and who are therefore no less guilty of the wicked
purposes which J impute' to him.
The objectof war among civilized people should
be *eace. War as a means to any other end can
never be justified. What, I repeat, produced the
war? All men know it was aimed resistance to the
rightful authority of the Government. Whatend j
and aim did Congress and the loyal people propose
when they authorized the employment of the lar-
gest armies of modern times? Let Congress, the
Executive, and his advisers answer; and when
they have answered, let the unerring facts of his-
tory brand them as false-hearted triflers with the
lives of the brave men who me daily filling un-
noticed graves; and let patriots everywhere who
still love constitutional liberty rise up, and by the
powerful engine of the ballot, which despotism can-
not now wrest from them, hurl the present imbecile
from power, and save the country, which at this
moment is struggling in the agonies of eternal
death. I omit, for the present, all reference to the
President's inaugural. When it was spoken hos-
tilities had not begun. 1 come down to a later
day, to the first battle of Bull Run, at which time
Congress was in session. Before this the war had
been regarded by public men of " the last dollar
and last man" persuasion, and by persons who,
however unsound on Christ, were orthodox upon
the nigger, as a more holiday sport.
Buggies, hacks, gigs, Jersey wagons, mules and
horses were in demand at fabulous prices; the
road from Washington to Bull Run was crowded
with Senators and Representatives, contractors
and courtesans, eunuchs and strong-minded wo-
men, all intent upon witnessing the impending rout
of the rebels. The sequel is known. The panic in
this city among those who are now chiefs among
the Loyal Leaguers will be long remembered by
all who thought the public safety would be pro-
moted by retainingaquorum ofMembers. When
the panic was ov.er and Beauregard had failed to
occupy the capital, the House of Representatives
adopted the following resolution, introduced by
the venerable and patriotic Crittenden, now no
more, with but two dissenting votes:
"That this war is not waged in any spiiit of oppression,
or for any purpose of conquest or subjugation, orpurpose of
overthrowing or interfering with the rights or established in-
stitutions of these States, but to defend and maintain tile
supremacy of the Constitution, and to preserve the Union,
with all the dignity, equality, and rights of the several
Stales unimpaired, and that as soon as these objects are ac-
complished the war ought to cease."
Immediately after the passage of this resolution,
every approach to the capital was crowded with
regiments and brigades who had tendered their
services in a war to be conducted for the holy pur-
pose avowed in thatrcsoluUon. So great was the
rush to arms that, shortly thereafter, the chairman
of the Committee on Military Affairs in the Sen-
ate had to announce that more troops were being
offered than the Government could accept. And
much more than this, the Union men of the South
were cheered and strengthened by thisformal as-
surance that they had been right in defending the
President when charged by the rebels with de-
signing a grand John Brown raid upon the slave
States, and the degradation of the whites to the level
of the negro. A short time afterwaids a similar
resolution was submitted to the Senate by Andrew
Johnson, of Tennessee, and, my recollection is,
unanimously adopted. But a few days before this,
on the 4th day of July, 1861, the President spoke
to Congress as follows:
" Lest theie be some uneasiness m the minds of candid
men a* to what is to be the course of the Government to-
ward the southern States ajter the lebollum shall have
been suppressed, the Executive deems it proper to hay it
will be ins purpose then, as evei, to be guided by the Con-
stitution and the laws; and that he probably will have no
different undcrfctaixhng of the powers? and duties of the
Federal Government relatively to the rights of the States
and the people under the Constitution than that exploded
lu the inauguial address, lie desires to preserve the Gov-
ernment, that it m.iy be administered loi all, a1? it was ad-
ministered by the men who made it. Lo\al citizens every-
where have the ught to claim tins of then* Government;
aiid the Covet nment ha-> no i iyht to \\ ithhold or neglect u.
It is not peieoived that, in giving it, there is any eoercion,
any conquer, oi any subjugation in any just sense of those
terms."'
About the same time, a member of the Cabinet,
Hon. Caleb B. Smith, since deceased, pioeeeded
to Providence, in the State of Rhode Island, and
addiessed to the public the following cheering
words:
"The theoiy of tins Government is that the States am
sovereign within then ptoper spheie. The Government of
the United States lias no more right to intetfere with the
institution of slavery in South Carolina than it has to inter-
fere with the peculiar institutions of Rhode Island, whose
benefit* I have enjoyed to-day.
44 lint, my friend*, during the Iavst surninei, when the
great political contest was iaging thionghout the land, then
it \\a*s that designing and dishonest men, (or the puipose of
accomplishing then own hellish schemes, appealed to the
prejudice of the southern people, denouncing those who
f-tippoiterl Mr. Lincoln a«-a!)oJiUom*ts: a^men who would
di^iegard the constitutional lights of the South, and trans-
rend the poweis of the Government. E\eited ley means of
th(;<<<? iniquitous appeals, they were* ready to take arms to
pievent the mauumaiion of that President whom a major-
ity of the people Dad declared to be tiie man oi their choice.
kC My fi lends-, I have knov n the President long and well.
It has been my foiturie to be selected as one of lus consti-
tutional advisors, lhave had thehonoi of being connected
with this Administration since its commencement, and I
tell you to-night that you cannot find m South Carolina a
man more anxiously,religiously, and scrupulously disposed
to observe ail the features of the Constitution relating to
slavery than AbrahamLincoln." *****
" Myjriends, we make no war upon southern institutions.
We recognize the right of South Carolina and Geoigia to
hold slaves if they desire them. But, my friends, we ap-
peal to you to uphold the great banner of our glorious coun-
try, and to leave the people of that country to settle these
domestic matters according to their own choice and the ex-
igencies which the times may present." * * * *
" Let New England rally piomptiy and earnestly, and I
tell you rebellion will be crushed to the earth, and the stars
and stripes will be raised over a united country. Then we
shall have peace. Peace will spread her benign influence
over this land, and happiness be restored, business revived,
and the blessings of a free Government enjoyed.
"J do not invoke, you to engage in this war as a war against
slavery. We are warring for a different principle." * *
li It is not the province of the Government of the United
States to enter into a crusadc against the institution of sla-
very. I would pioclaim to the people t>f all the States of
this CJnion the right to manage their institutions in their
own way. I know that my fellow-citizens will recognize
that as one fundamental principle upon which we com-
menced this contest. Let us not give our opponents any
reason to complain of us in this respect.. Let us not bring
to bear upon them the power of despotism, but the power
of the people of a republican Government, where the peo-
ple rule."
It was in this spirit, and about the same time,
that Mr. Seward, the Secretary of State, issued
his instructions to our representatives abroad,in
which he directed them to make public avowal of
the purposes which would control the Govern-
ment in prosecuting the war.
In his dispatches to Mr. Dayton, our minister
at the court of St. Cloud, he used the following
language:
" The framers of the Government, therefore, placed the
entire control of slavery, as it was then existing, beyond the
contiolofthc Federal authorities, by leaving it to remain
subject to the exclusive managenientand disposition of the
several States themselves, and fortified it there with a pro-
vision forthc return of fugitives from labor and service, and
another securing an allowance of three fifths of buch persons
in fixing the basis of direct taxation andreprcsentation."
***** * *
"The condition ofslaveiy in the several States will remain
just the same whether it (the rebellion) succeed or fail.
There is not even a pretext for the complaint that the dis-
atlected States are to be conquered by the United States if
the revolution fail; for the rights oflher Slates, and the con-
dition of every human being in them, will remain subject to
exactly the same laivs andjorms of administration, whether
the revolution shall succeed or whether it shall fail, in the
one ease, the States will be federally connected with the
new confederacy; in the other,they would, as now, be mem-
bets oi the United States; but their constitutions and laws,
customs, habits,and institutions in either case will leinain
the sijine.
" f t is hardly necessary to add to this incontestable statement
the furthei fact that the new President, as well as the citi-
zens through whose suffrages he has come into the Admin-
istration, has always repudiated all designs whatever and
wherever imputed to him and them of disturbing the system
of slavery as it is existing under the Constitution and laws.
The cflsc, however, would not be fully presented if I were to
omit to say that any such effort on Ids part would be unconsti-
tutional, and all his actions i?i that direction would be pre-
vented by the judicial authority,even though they were assented
to by Congress and the people—Instructions to Mr. Dayton
in 1861.
Mr. Chairman, I might consume my hour in
producing the proofs of the falsehood and perfidy
of those who thus deceived and betrayed the peo-
ple of the North, and insulted and exasperated the
Union men of the South.
What other evidence is needed of this shame-
less perfidy than the fact that the murderous ad-
herents of John Brown, and the rebel adherents
of Jefferson Davis were made glad ? For so soon
as the President avowed his purpose to change
the war to one of crusade against slavery, of plun-
der and extermination, the apostles of Brown and
the disciples of Davis were heard in mingled
strains of joy and gladness. Each hoped and be-
lieved that the President had rendered a restora-
tion of the Union impossible. Each being dis-
unionists per se, each could afford to rejoice at
every crime and blunder which paralyzed the arm •
of those who struggled and fought for peace and
a reunited country. The effect of converting the
war into a struggle for the freedom of the negro
and the subversion of the slave States has unmis-
takably been to prolong and intensify the contest;
and in that contest, while the South may be vic-
tims of the torch and the sword; while those who
gladly welcomed the flag may be robbed of their
property, and compelled to starve or swear to be-
come the slaves of Lincoln, in the free and pop-
ulous North the seeds of corruption and tyranny
are beginning to bring forth their baleful fruits.
Even here almost every house except the habit-
ations of contractors and abolitionists has become
