2404
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 21,
section th irteen, page 30, after th e word " thereof,''
by inserting " via Lawrence and Topeka." The
company that is now building this road have lo-
cated it within about t,wo mile^f each of those
towns, and ask of the towns a. large amount of
money to make it to the towns. I desire to re-
mind the Senate that Lawrence suffered a loss a
few months since of $1,100,000, and that Topeka
is the seat of government of our State. Those
who are interested in the road here have con-
versed with me on the subject and have no ob-
jection to the amendment being inserted. I ask
it in justice to those two towns and to the State
that I represent in part.
Mr. HOWARD. I should be very glad to do
anything in reason to indemnify the good peo-
ple of Lawrence for the losses which they have
recently sustained, but I take it that this is not
exactly the occasion and form in which that is to
be done; I hope therefore the amendment will not
be adopted, as it would change the tenor and ef-
fect of the bill very much.- It has not been the
^purpose of the committee to change the original
routes as fixed by the act of 1869, leaving them
all to stand precisely as before,
Mr. POMEROY. I think the object of my
colleague will be accomplished if he only obliges
the road to touch at the river opposite these points.
The road is being built on the opposite, side of the
river; and if the amendment prevails it will oblige
thfm to build on the opposite side of the river to
that where they have now finished a part of the
road. If the amendmentof my colleague should
prevail, the law would be that they begin 011 the
south side of the Kansas river, expending the road
by way of Lawrence and Topeka, which arc both
on the south side. In point of fact, the road is
being built on the north side. The object of my
colleague, I think, is a very good one; 1 am in
favor of having these roads touch the river op-
posite those towns if they come up on the north
side; but to oblige them to cross the river and go
upon the other side, I think ought not to be done.
That should be left to the company. Let them*
come up on which side they please. If my col-
league will amend his amendment so as to have
them touch the river opposite to these towns, I
shall have no objection.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I am perfectly will-
ing to agree to that modification; it is nil I desire;
I am willing to have the road within a mile of the
towns. I tlesire to say to the chairman of the
committee that there is nothing in nature to pie-
vent this company constructing the road opposite
these two towns. The chairman seems to feel
some sympathy for the town of Lawrence. We
have had an application here for remuneration;
but the Government is not now prepared to re-
munerate. I hope that this amendment will pre-
vail. The result of the theory of the company
will be this—and I desire the ear of the chairman
of the committee when I state it 
Mr. HOWARD. Let me iuquiie of the Sen-
ator from Kansas whether this amendment, of his
wii! not necessitate the? construction of two bridges
across (ho nvei >
iVTr. LANE, of Kansas. Not at all. I pro-
pose lo amend it so as to read, " within a mile of
either of (he towns." The river is not more than
an eighth of a mile across.
Mr. HOWARD. It seems to me wo had bet-
tor leave that matter to be regulated between (he
company and the citizens of those places. This
whole subject was discussed, if I remember right-
ly, during the discussion of the original bill in
1862. This present bill does not vary m this re-
spect from the act of 1862; it is the same thing;
the committee thought it not best under the cir-
cumstances to alter it.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I think the chairman
does not understand me. This question was dis-
cussed m the committee, of which I was a mem- ij
ber. The Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman]
will recollect that u was fully discussed; but as
the road was to follow the valley of the Kansas
river, it was not deemed necessary to insert the
names of these two towns, in the expectation, and
the confident expectation on my part, that these
two towns would be made points upon iho road.
Now, the object is to destroy—no, 1 will not say
that; I do not know that that is the intention, but
the result will be that Lawrence and Topeka
must give bonds to the amount of two or three
hundred thousand dollars, which they are un-
able to do, to obtain that which was intended by
the committee at'the session when the original
bill was adopted. The result, however, will be
this: if the two towns cannot raise this amount
of bonds there will be rival towns built up two
miles from each of them, and destroy them both.
I called the attention of Senators to this subject
some time since; and a letter was drawn up, signed
by the Senators of this body, asking these con-
tractors to make these two towns points upon
the road; and it was signed, I believe, by thirty-
eight members of this body. They have as yet
failed to do it, although T have their written pledges
hpre in my desk, pledging themselves to make
these two towns points upon the road. They
require these bonds. 1 have, I believe, two tele-
grams stating that the two towns would be made
points on the road, in response to the letter to
which I refer, signed by thirty-eightmembers of
the Senate. I modify my amendment by saying
" within one mile of Topeka and Lawrence.
Mr. HENDERSON. I have no feeling on this
subject except that I desire to see all these roads
built on the best possible ground that can be ob-
tained. I desire also to have the line as straight
as it can be. I of course know nothing about
the facts stated by the Senator from Kansas.
Personally, I really felt a very great desire, if it
possibly can be done, to have tins road go by the
way of Lawrence, and I asked Mr. Hallett, who
is or was for a tune the president of the company,
some time ago, if it could be carried by the town
of Lawrence, and he said to me that it would de-
viate from a right line very considerably, and
woul4 cost the company an immense sum of money
to do so, and that it ought not to bo constructed
by the way of Lawrence. I of course know per-
sonally nothing in regard to it.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The Senator is doing
a great injustice to Mr, Haliett, or he had done
great injustice to himself, for, as 1 have stated
here, 1 have* his letteis and teleguams 
Mr. HENDERSON. You did not state that
they were from Mr Ilallett.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. 1 state now that I
have Mr. Hallett's letters and telegrams pledging
me in the most emphatic terms that he would
make these two towns points on the road. 1 am,
of course, as well acquainted with the laud oppo-
site those two towns as I am with this Capitol or
the Senate Chamber, and I say here that there is
nothing in nature to prevent the road running op-
posite these two towns.
Mr. HENDERSON. I ask the Senator how
far the line of the contemplated road, as at present
surveyed, is from the river opposite to Lawrence?
Mr. LAJN"E, of Kansas. Two and a quarter
miles.
Mr. HENDERSON. How far is it from To-
peka?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Abput the same dis-
tance, but perhaps not quite as much.
Mr. HENDERSON. As I stated before, I
have no interest or feeling about this thing. If
this road can be carried by Lawrence or by To-
peka as well as by some other line, it would
Le my desire to see it pass by those towns. Of
course it cannot touch the towns, because the
road is being constructed on the north side of (he
river, and, as has been stated, the two towns are
on the south bank of the river. In reality, the
road will be no more serviceable to the two towns
by touching the river, or passing along upon the
river right opposite to them, in sight of them, than
it would be two miles away. 1 cannot conceive
what*additional advantage it would be to them to
have it immediately upon the bank of the river.
Hut, sir, why not in all this matter let the actual
survey determine the line of the road? 1 would
not be in favor of permitting a company to im-
pose upon any town on the line of the road; but it
seems to me that the true interest ol the company
would dictate the policy of building the road where
there would be the fewest number of curves, where
the curves would not be so great,and upon aline
of road where the surface of the ground would en-
able them to build it cheapest. In ail this matter
connected with the building of the Pacific railroad
my policy has been to let actual survey determine;
and I am sure that if actual survey carries this
road by either of these two points no man will
be more highly gratified than myself. Indeed it
seems to me that a company building a road, if
they can carry it by the way of a large flourishing
town where there is a trade, would oertainly carry
it there. There is every inducement in the world
for them to deviate from a right line if they can pos-
sibly do so; but in working a great road hke this
how important it is that it shall be a straightline.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. That is the case gen-
erally, but the Senator will bear in mind that this
company owns the land opposite Lawrence.
Mr. HENDERSON. Which company ?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. This railroad com-
pany owns the land opposite Lawrence.
Mr. POMEROY. If my colleague will accept
my amendment Lo his amendment, we can take a
vote on it and close the question on it at once, I
have no doubt.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. That I have accepted.
The object of this detour from Lawrence is to
build up a town on the land of the company and ■
destroy Lawrence.
Mr. HENDERSON. 1 suppose the Senator
from Kansas [Mr. Pomerot] will hardly take the
vote until I have yielded the floor.
Mr. POMEROY. I thought the Senator had
concluded his remarks.
Mr. HENDERSON. The Senator is evi-
dently tired of me, and I will yield the floor so
that he can offer his amendment and let his col-
league accept it. It is highly impoitant that we
should not take up time. I have not spent the
time; the Senator has been on the floor to-day
twenty-five times in regard to this bill; I have not
opt nod my mouth on it before.
Mr. MORGAN. I now renew my motion for
an executive session.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope not. I hope we shall
get a vote on this bill.
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire to state that I
have several amendments to offer to this bill, and
I desire further to say that I am unwilling now
to vote on this bill since the numerous amend-
ments which have been adopted to-day until there
is a icpiint of it, so that I can see what has been
adopted. I do not wish to take any time, but I
would hke, since these various amendments have
been adopted, to see the bill as it stands. It is a
bill of very great importance to my State, and I
have spent none of the time of the Senate in re-
gard to it.
Mr. MORGAN. I renew my motion to pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The suggestion of the
Senator fiom Missouri is of importance. The
amendments of the Senate ought to be ordered to
be printed.
Mr. HENDERSON. With the permission of
the Senator from New York, I will move that the
bill with the amendments adopted up to this time
be printed.
Mr.CONNESS. 1 hope if that course is to bo
taken that the amendments now prepared to be
offered will first be allowed to be voted upon.
Mr. HENDERSON. I have no objection to
that.
x\Ir. CONNESS. Let a vote be taken on the
pending amendment at any rate.
Mr. HENDERSON", rhave no objection.
Mr. MORGAN. I must insist on my motion.
There are a great many amendments to be offered.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think on Saturday
night we might take a little bit of rest, and I move
that the Senate adjourn. [Oh, no!]
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask the Senator to with-
diaw his motion for a moment.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Certainly, if the Sena-
tor from Maryland asks it.
Mr. JOHNSON, Before the question is put
on the motion to go into executive session I will
state to the Senate why I think an executive ses-
sion should be held. One of the officers who dis-
tinguished himself with great gallantly in the late
battle was very severely wounded as it has turned
out in point of fact, but his gallantry was so con-
spicuous that his promotion has been recom-
mended by the President, and I heard with great
regret about an hour since that his wound in
likely to prove fatal; and under these circum-
stances I am sure it will be gratifying to him, and
of course be very gratifying to the Senate per-
sonally, that his nomination should be confirmed.
I hope, therefore, the motion will be agreed to.
The motion was agreed to; and after some time
spent in the consideration of executive business,
the doors were reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
