1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBEk
Mr. RICE, ofMassachusetts. The Committee
on Naval Affairs I have no doubt would be very
happy to have the company of the distinguished
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means,
though I doubt somewhat whether he would be
able to enlighten us much upon the qualities of
the waters of the country, if he should go with us.
But I desiio to say, in behalf of the committee,
that we did not desire to take the responsibility
Of absenting ourselves withoutthe sanction of the
House. They felt the importance of the business
■which is pressing upon the House; they feltalso
the importance of the business which was spe-
cially committed to the investigation and charge
of the committee. And in fulfillment of that spe-
cial trust they would make this visit if they could
have the permission of the House. They will be
governed entirely by the proposition now sub-
mitted to have ten or twelve days of absence.
The committee have made a visit to League
Island, to Bos ton, and one or two other places, but
they consumed butone working day of the House.
Mr. MALLORY. I wish the gentleman from
Massachusetts to permit me to say to him that my
vote will depend upon the answer he may make
to an inquiry I propose to submit to him. Will
the gentleman accept the proposition I made to
him to include the city of Louisville m his trip?
He and his committee would receive all the hos-
pitality for which that city is celebrated. And I
wish that committee more especially to visit that
city and report upon the propriety and usefulness
to the Government of the United States of con-
structing that railroad budge near the falls of the
Ohio, about which we had so much discussion
this morning. [Laughter.] If he will do that, I
think I will vote for his request.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Is this in
order except by unanimous consent?
The SPEAKER. It is. Any gentleman has
ii right to ask leave of absence for himself or for
his committee.
Mr. SPALDING. I think 1 may say advis-
edly that the Committee on Naval Affairs have
110 desne to take themselves away from the ser-
vice of the House and the country unless leave
' is accorded to them freely, believing that their
absence will not occasion any inconvenience. I
certainly, as a member of the committee, should
not go unless the House can dispense with our
presence here without inconvenience.
1 would prefer to have the House act upon the
request without any reference to any individual
fe<hng, and decide it solely upon their regard for
the public good. I know that those who have
extended the invitation to us have done so seri-
ously, and I know their hospitality at St. Louis
and at intermediate points; and 1 wish not o-nly
that the Naval Committee but the Ways and
Means Committee, of which the gentleman fiom
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] is the distinguished
chairman, could go with us.
We now leave it altogether with the House to
determine whether they can dispense with our
services in re without inconvenience.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, i would ask
my friend from Ohio if he thinks it necessary, as
a member of the Committee on Naval Affairs, to
go West in order to get such knowledge as he
desires in order to act?
Mr. SPALDHNG-. In reply to the honorable
gentleman 1 will say that I do not know how i
can be impressed moi e favorably in respect to St.
Louis and Cairo by making a thousand visits to
those places than I am at this time.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. I would ask the
honorable gentleman from Massachusetts, the
chairman of the committee, whether it is their
intention to visit any places upon the lakes, and
if so, what places; or whether they intend to con-
fine their visit to the rivers?
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. The committee
must manifestly be governed, in lespect to the ;
number of places they will visit, by the length of !
time allowed them for their absence. j
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. I will then sug~ ;
gost to the chairman the Naval Committee that j
if the object of "the visit is to select a site for a ;
navy-yard or naval depot, unless that visit is ex- j
tended" to all the places which are rivals for the j
location of such an institution, then the result, |
instead of being beneficial to the public interests j
may be entirely the reverse.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I will say in ;
reply to the gentleman from Wisconsin that the
immediate object of the committee in making tins
visit is not to select a site for a navy-yard for the
lakes. We are prohibited,! believe, by our treaty
with Great Britain, from establishing a navy-yard
or naval station on any of the takes, or from keep-
ing more than one vessel of six hundred tonsand
one eighteen-pound gun on Lake Ontario and iwo
on whatare known as theupperlakes. This visit
has reference to the establishment of a navy-yard
or naval station on one of the rivers of the West,
with especial reference to the protection of the
Mississippi river and its tributaries.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsm. I do not under-
stand that the treaty with Great Britain has any
such effect as the gentleman supposes.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I do not under-
take to decide that question at all. I simply say
that the purpose of this visit at the present time
has no leference to the lakes.
Mr. BLOW, i regret very much that the only
proposition that has been made to this Congress
for an examination into western interests should
meet with opposinon, and that that opposition
should come from a gentleman from the State of
Pennsylvania, which has received so much at the
hands of the Government, and from a gentleman
from Illinois, who is directly interested in that
portion of the country.
Mr. WASHBUI^NE, of Illinois. I can answer
my fnend from Missouii veiy teadily. I believe
that there is but one point on the Mississippi river
suitable for a navy-yard, Cairo or Mound City,
and I thmk the House perfectly understands that.
I do not think it necessary to send a committee
to the West, to examine into the matter.
Mr. STEVENS. The reason why I am op-
posed to this \iisit is that we are all in favor of
this project.
Mr. BLOW. All I can say then is, that if gen-
tlemen aie in favor of the pioject, they have a
most extraordinary way of expressing their feel-
ings. Although we have a fleet of a hundred
United States vessels afloat on the bosom of the
Mississippi river, not one dollar has ever been
appropriated by Congress for the establishment
of a navy-yard there, or a station for the repairs
of those vessels.
Sir, I consider the objections made to granting
have of absence to this committee as absolutely
frivolous and uuwoithyof my friends. There
are one hundruland eighty-three members of this
body. Fifty, sixty, and seventy have been ab-
sent all the tune, and yet no voice has been laised
in this House against their absence. Members
have gem* to League Island and nil through the
New England Staus and other States, on every
possible errand, to their homes on business, and
have been absent with leave and without leave,
and who has objected? But now, when a ques-
tion affecting the inteiests of the great W« st and
navigable sticams of thousands of miles m ox-
tent comes up, and the question ai ises ofaliowing
the committee at the same time an investigation
of the wants of the great valley, among which is
the removing of the obstructions to the free navi-
gation especially of the M ississippi, which now so
much liicumbeis the commerce leading to and from
the very city m which my colleague trom Illinois
iesides,the fear of inconveniencing members liv-
ing near tiieir constituents and impelling the busi-
ness of the House causes the proposal to be fuet
with the wit and slurs of membeis. Why, Mr.
Speaker, the greatest improvement that can be
pioposed,and one purely of a national character,
is the removal of the very rapids causing these ob-
structions io the free navigation of a great stream
necessary to the prosperity,commercial and agn-
cultut ai, of ten westei n and southern States. I re-
gard this alone as a question of'more importance
than all your ship canals, and all these great in-
terests aie met by objections which I can only
characterize as frivolous and inconsiderate.
I ask the House to grant permission to seven
of the nine members of the Committee on Naval
Affairs to \isit the West. I know thatafter they
shall have visited St. Louis, stopping on the way
at Pittsburg and Cleveland and other places on
the route, no gentleman having a proper regard
for the vast interests of the valley of the Missis-
sippi, and interests extending far bo-vond that
valley, will ever icgret having grunted the leave
of absence now asked.
As to the difficulty of getting a quorum, set the
telegraph to work and summon the absent mem*
bers who have disregarded their obligations to
this body and to the country. I hop£ the le&vft-
ask*d will be granted.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. Speaker, I wish to say
in reference to the remarks of the gentleman-fronT
Missouri, that I believe the people of the West
will be better satisfied by every member of th£
House staying in his place and attending to the?
business ol the country. Members of Congress
are paid a salary of $3,000 a year by the Govern-
ment for their time and services; and there will be
time enough, after we shall have concluded the
business of the session, for the committees to visit
the different points of the West and report to the
House at the next session. 1 therefore hope that
no consent will be given to the Committee on Na-
val Affairs making this trip, or to the members of
any othei committee leaving their places in this
House; but that we will hold members, and go
on with the public business.
Mr. DAWSON. I move to lay the motion on
the table.
Mr. KELLEY. Before that motion be put I,
desne to say a single word. Will my colleague
withdraw the motion?
' Mr. DAWSON. I withdraw for that purpose.
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman
from Missouri has drawn a comparison between
the attention given by the House to the interests
of the East and of the West. I think that ail
such remarks are invidious, and that they lead to
had consequences. 1 want to say in this connec-
tion that no member of the House has been ab-
sent from it a single working day or hour for the
purpose of visiting League Island. The visits to
that point have been made at seasons when the
House was not in session. The Committee on
Naval Affairs has visited more distant points;and
even for that purpose has lost but one working
day. So that there is not that contrast between
the interest which that committee feels in ques-
tions pertaining to the Eastand to the West which
the gentleman would lead the people of the West
to believe. And I, for one, should the House de-
termine that the Committee on Naval Affairs shall
not have leave now, will gladly, as a member of
that committee, devote the two weeks following
the termination of this session to making this
excursion proposed, if deemed necessary by the
committee.
Mr. DAWSON. I renew my motion.
The question was taken; and the motion Was
agreed to.
So the irquest was laid on the table.
CHARLES I*. NELSON.
Mr. BAXTER asked and obtained unanimous
consent to have taken from the Speaker's table
an act (S. No. 197) for the relief of Charles L.
Nelson*, which was read a first and second time,
and refen ed to the Committee of Claims.
NAVAJO INDIANS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a letter
from the Secretary of the Interior, recommending
an appropriation for the Navajo Indians in New
Mexico; which was refoned to the Committee of
Ways and Means, and ordered to he printed.
MILITARY ACADEMY EXAMINATIONS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the'House a
letter fiom the Seen tary of War, transmitting
pap< rs in icgurd to a plan for competitive examin-
ation of cad:.ts for the Military Academy at West
Point; which was irferrod to the Committee on
Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
NATIONAL CURRENCY.
Mr. HOOPER. I move that when the House
shall have icsolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union on the special
order, all debate in committee on the special
order shall cease in one minute.
Mr. HOLMAN. I make the point of order
that that motion is not in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the point
of order. The motion cannot be mude to close
debate on the bill until after the lastsection is read.
Mr. HOOPER.. Then I move that all debate
on the pending section and the various amend-
ments thereto be closed m one minute after the
House shall have resolved itself into the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
