1864..
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
IN SENATE.
Monday, May 23, 1864.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Bowman.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
executive communication.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of War, commu-
nicating, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate of the 12th instant,a list of all general offi-
cers of the regular and volunteer forces in commis-
sion at the beginning of the present war, or ap-
pointed since, with the States in which they were
born and from which they were appointed; which
was ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of men and
women of Mason county, Illinois, praying for the
abolition of slavery,and that the Constitution may
be so amended as toforever prohibitits existence
in any portion of the Union; which was referred
to the select committee on slavery and freedmen.
Mr. HARLAN presented five petitions of men
and women of Iowa, praying for the abolition of
slavery, and that the Constitution may be so
amended as toforever prohibit its existence in any
portion of the Union; which were referred to the
select committee on slavery and freedmen.
Mr. HALE presented the memorial of J.Brown,
jr., of New York, praying for additional com-
pensation for services rendered as an artist with
the naval expedition under Commodore Perry to
Japan; which was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. WILKINSON presented a letter from the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, addressed to the
chairman of the Committee on Indian Affairs,in
relation to the condition of the Wea, Peoria, Kas-
lcaskia, and Piankeshaw Indians, and recom-
mending an appropriation for their relief; which
was ordered to be printed.
reports from committees.
Mr. WILKINSON, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, to whom was referred a bill (S.
No. 219) for the relief of the Wea, Peoria, Kas-
kaskia, and Piankeshaw Indians, of Kansas, re-
ported it with an amendment.
bill introduced.
Mr. MORGAN .asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
286) to prohibit the discharge of persons from
liability to military duty by reason of the pay-
mentof money; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
transportation of supplies.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, submitted the follow-
ing resolution; which was considered by unan-
imous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secietnry of War lie instructed to
report to the Senate the amount estimated for this cuirent
year to be paid for transporting Government supplies from
Platte country railroad to Fort Leavenworth, and from the
latter point via Fort Kearney and Fort Riley westwardly. If
the amounts aie not estimated for to furnish his opinion of
the probable sums to be expended.
bill become a law.
A message was received from the President
of the United States, by Mr. Nicolay, his Sec-
letary, announcing that the President oftheUni-
ted States had approved and signed on the 21st
instant an act (S. No. 267) to amend an act en-
titled "An act to enable the people of Nevada to
form a constitution and State government, and
for the admission of such State into the Union on
an equal footing with the original States."
naval supplies.
Mr. GRIMES. There seems to be very little
business to be done this morning, and there is a
special order set for one o'clock, on which I pro-
pose to address the Senate for a short time. If
it bo agreeable to the Senate, I will move that
that be taken up at this time, and I will proceed
now with my remarks. ,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Cnair
will suggest to the Senator that that bill being
postponed until one o'clock, it will not be reached
by a motion of that kind; but by unanimous
consent the Senate may consider it now.
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire to have the bill
to establish a line of mail steamers to Brazil con-
sidered at the present time. It was laid over a
few days ago, and I should like to finish it this
morning. The bill to which the gentleman from
Iowa refers, I understand, is the special order for
one o'clock.
Mr. GRIMES. It is the special order, but the
unfinished business of Saturday will cut me off—
that is, the Pacific railroad bill—unless I can an-
ticipate it.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope the Senator from
Iowa will be allowed to proceed now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will entertain the proposition, if there be no ob-
jection.
Mr. COLLAMER. I will not make any ob-
jection.
Mr. HALE. I will not make any objection,
with a single proviso. The subject upon which
the Senator from Iowa desires to address the
Senate is upon a report made by the Committee
on Naval Affairs, or, as he says, by the chairman
of the Committee on Naval Affairs, which renders
it proper that I should have an opportunity to re-
ply to his speech. I shall probably want to reply
to it, and I shall want to reply to it as soon as he
is done. If the bill is taken up now before the
hour fixed for the assignment, the Senator will
probably occupy until about one o'clock, and I
shall be cut off from replying. If it is taken up
with the understanding that the Pacific railroad
bill may be postponed until I can have an oppor-
tunity of replying to the Senator's speech, I have
no objection to its being taken up; but if there
cannot be such an understanding as that I must
object, because when the Senator makes his
speech upon that report I want to have the priv-
ilege of answering it, and answering it at the time.
If that arrangement can be entered into, I am per-
fectly willing and anxious'that it should be taken
up now; but if not, if the Senator is to occupy
three quarters of an hour and I am to be cut off
by the special order, and thus prevented from re-
plying to it, I will object.
Mr. GRIMES. I hope there will be an oppor-
tunity furnished to the Senator to reply. I shall
not occupy a very long period. I cannot say
how long exactly, but not very long.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not wish to enter into
any such agreement. 1 am entirely willing to ex-
tend any courtesy in my power to the gentleman
from Iowa or the gentleman from New Hamp-
shire; but I do not wish to see the order of the
day thrown out of its position. I wish to have
it come up in its regular order, and that we may
proceed to finish it to-day if possible. If it were
possible to foresee how long the Senators would
occu'py in the discussion to which reference is
made, I might form some judgment of it; but as
that is not possible, I cannot enter into any agree-
ment now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there any
objection made to the motion of the Senator from
Iowa?
Mr. CONNESS. I shall object, sir, if it be a
part of the arrangement or understanding that the
Senator from Now Hampshire is to reply imme-
diately. I do not understand why the Senator
from New Hampshire should attach that as a part
of the arrangement.
Mr. COLLAMER. As that arrangement does
not seem likely to be made, I believe I must call
up the bill to which I have referred providing for
a line of steamers to Brazil.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chan-
understands objection to be made by the Senator
from California. ,
Mr. GRIMES, (to Mr. Conness.) Let lum
reply.
Mr. CONNESS. It is postponing the Pacific
railroad bill, and that should not give way to per-
sonal matters, I think.
Mr. GRIMES. What I have to say is not per-
sonal matter,
Mr. CONNESS. It is going to wear that ap-
pearance before we get through with it. I do not
like to object to the Senator's speaking, because
he has notified the Senate that he would speak
to-day on this subject; but it appears to me it is
carrying it too far to .allow a debate of this kind
to go on and occupy the day to the injury of the
public business.
Mr. CCTLLAMER. I ask {he Senate to take
up House bill No. 407.
The PRESlDENTpro tempore. Does the Sen-
ator from Vermont object to the motion of the
Senator from Iowa? , *
Mr. COLLAMER. I understand that it is ob-
jected to.
Mr. HOWARD. I have no objection to it.
Mr. CONNESS. I withdraw my objection,
with this understanding, that if the debate is pro-
longed too far, we will call for the special order.
Mr. COLLAMER. Then I will not stand in
the way.
The PRESIDENT pro tempoiyi. The Chair
hears no objection to the motion of the Senator
from Iowa, and the bill which was made the special
order, by special assignment, for. one o'clock to-
day is now before the Senate.
The Senate, as in Committee, of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S, No. 165) in re-
lation to naval supplies.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, on the 14th of
March last I had the honor to submit to the Sen-
ate " a bill in relation to naval supplies," which
was read twice,and referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs. On the 7th of April following the
committee reported it back to the Senate, with
the recommendation " that the bill do not pass."
In their written report the committee say:
"The bill proposes a total and radical change in the mode
of purchasing naval supplies at one blow, and overthrow-
ing and entirely abolishing a system which has been In
operation for more than half a century." ■
They also say;
" The system sought to be overthrown has been In oper-
ation, as before stated, for more than half a century, and,
in tile opinion of your committee, hi^s operated well, ana
is well calculated to effect the object sought to be attained,
namely, supplying the Navy at reasonable prifces with the ^
best articles demanded lor the fecrvice." * * * *
"The committee are not aware of any inconveniences to
the service by the operation of the present system that can
be remedied, or even ameliorated, by the proposed change.'*
1 shall endeavor to show, first, what the present
system is which has been thus unhesitatingly
and unqualifiedly indorsed by the Naval Com-
mittee of this body; and how, in their language,
it " is well calculated to effect the object sought
to be attained, namely, supplying the Navy at
reasonable prices with the best articles demanded
for the service;"and, second, to point out the r6m-
edies that 1 think should be applied to correct the
evils believed to exist in the present system. In
order to do this satisfactorily I must first show
what the system has been as well as what it is
now.
Prior to the establishment of the Navy Depart-
ment under the act of Congresj of April 30,1798,
and from that time until 1802, this branch of the
public service as well as the Army was supplied
by officers known as purveyors of public sup-
plies. These officers were required by the actof
February 23, 1795, under which they were ap-
pointed, "under the direction and supervision of
the Secretary of the Treasury to conduct the pro-
curing and providing of all arms, military and
naval stores, provisions, clothing, Indian goods,
and generally all articles of supply requisite for
the service of the United States." They'were
officers of the Treasury, without military rank or
responsibility. By the act of March 16, 1802,
chapter nine, military agents were created who
were required "to purchase, receive, and forward'
to their proper destination all military stores and
all articles for the troops in their respective de-
partments, and all goods and annuities for the .
Indians, which they may be directed to purchase,
or which may be ordered into their care by the
Department of War." It would seem that the pro-
visions of this act contravened the act of 1795, and
that the relations of the purveyor of public supplies
with the War Department thereupon ceased, al-
though the act of 1795 was not in terms repealed.
It will be observed t^iat the military agents cre-
ated by the last-named act of Congress were also
civil officers, and therefore subject to no military
responsibility. The evils resulting from a sys-
tem'that gave no military control over and cre-
ated no military subordination among the supply
officer's of the Army soon became so apparent
and intolerable that Congress applied the remedy
by the act of March 28, 1812, when the quarter-
master and commissary departnientsofthe Army
were created. Then for the first time the supply
agents of the Army became military officers, bear-
