1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the abode of bereavement,often of desolation; tax-
ation is grinding all classes except the petted plun-
derers of the Government; and while national
and individual bankruptcy is impending, a more
terrible doom is apprehended and feared. "Wo
cannot shut our eyes to the fact that the elective
franchise is endangered. We have seen the rights
of the people usurped in Maryland and Dela-
ware and in portions of Kentucky. "We have
seen their constitutions and laws suspended by
the edicts of the President and his minions, the
ballot-box trampled into the dust, and theslavish
creatures of his favoritism foisted into office and
honor, not to represent the interests or the voice
of the people of those States, not to discharge the
duties incident to the offices which they obtained
by a combination of fraud and force, but to agis-
ter and assistin executing the decrees of a master,
whose slaves, violator of the Constitution asheis,
they are totally unworthy to be.
When this terrible issue is presented to the peo-
ple of the free North next fall,as 1 am sure it will be,
then we will see the beginning of the end. Every
barricade which cruelty ormalignity may erect be-
tween the voter and the ballot-box will be removed;
the corrupt instruments of so monstrous a proceed-
i ng, whether black or white,whether mere provost
marshals or major generals, will find the people of
one State, at least, more anxious to preserve the
purity of the ballot-box than the carcasses of those
who may seek to enslave them. The late mes-
sage, fairly construed, amounts to an unblushing
avowal of this despotic intent. It is true thatthe
purpose is at present avowed with reference only
to the rebellious States; but the Presidenthasas-
sumed to attach a condition to the right of suffrage
which he may at any time as rightfully
apply to the State in which I live. 1 do not now
discuss the terms which he offers to rebels in arms.
The only answer most of them will'make to his
proposals is that of defiance. I allude to the fact
that he denies the loyal men of the South the right
of suffrage; and asserts that they who have com-
mitted no crime shall have no legal or political
rights unless they will first subscribe to a de-
grading oath, an oath so slavish that we may
rightfully assume that it will be evaded or disre-
garded by many of those who may subscribe to
iis terms. But 1 ask whence comes the Presi-
dent's power thus to deal with loyal men who
have violated no law, and consequently forfeited
no rights of person or property ? We can all un-
derstand how the loyal men of the South may lose
their -property. The armies which were created
for the sole purpose of vindicating the law are
stationed in the South; the President is "Com-
mander-in-Chief," and he has giown fond of
issuing imperial decrees which that Army is
commanded to enforce. Almost every officer of
independence of character, who has exhibited the
slightest lepugnance to executing ins decrees, has,
when blandishments failed to seduce him, been
dismissed the service in a manner designed to in-
sure his disgrace. Why, then, should the Presi-
dent fear to issue an edict as sweeping and unre-
lenting as the torch of Omar; and by which, at
one dash of the pen, he attempted to destroy prop-
erty valued at $2,000,000,000, and that, too, with-
out reference to the sex, age, condition, or opin-
ions of its owners?
The press had been muzzled; Congress had
become the mere register of his will; the loyal
people of the South were either within rebel or
Federal lines. No protest would be heard or
heeded, while corrupt creatures might everywhere
be found to flatter the author of such unpardon-
able maladministration. Or why then should we
marvel that he who affected scorn for the Pope's
bull against the comet should now claim mastery
over the minds and consciences of men; nor be
deterred from demanding of those who execrate
his name and memory an oath—a solemn oath—
to be true to his bulls huiled at sovereign States
and the deep convictions of a majority of the peo-
ple? I repeat that the President proposes terms
to the loyal people of the South which all sensi-
ble men must know they will regard as degrading.
The jackals who follow the Army for the purposes
of plunder are no part of the southei n people; and
the Loyal Leagues which they may form within
military posts I do not take into the account. Nor
do I allude to those excrescences upon the polit-
ical and military system known as " military
of a terrible civil war as Johnson of Tennessee,
and Hamilton of Texas. They have been se-
lected, I suppose, to " govern" those who hate
them, just as eunuchs are appointed to guard the
harem. Each excites the disgust of those who are
compelled to endure their presence.
But, Mr. Chairman, the highest degree of in-
iquity in the President's bull against slavery and
State rights, is to be found, perhaps, in his re-
quirement of the same terms of the loyal men of
the South to retain their rights, as ure tendered to
the vilest rebels in the land as the conditions upon
which theirs may be regained. Take, for example,
the State of Tennessee. More than sixty thou-
sand freemen of that State refused to vote for the
ordinance of secession. About forty thousand
voted against the secession of the State, although
a large portion of it was occupied by rebel troops,
and every means was used to overawe the people.
That State has now one of its citizens upon the su-
preme bench. It has furnished over thirty thou-
sand troops to the Government. Yet these soldiers,
and other loyal people of that State, are to be dis-
franchised unless they will take the oath prescribed
by the Piesident for armed rebels. I repeat, if
these terms can be imposed upon the loyal people
of Tennessee by the President, why may he not
require the same thing of the people of Illinois?
Imagine, if you please, General Butler swearing
in the chivalry in that hall at Charleston in which
for so many days in 1860 he alone, of all the men
of New England, voted for his friend Jefferson
Davis for President,'in the hope of defeating the
great Douglas by dividing the Democratic putty
sufficiently to make a victory of abolitionism cer-
tain, and thereby furnish a hollow pretext for
Davis, Yancey & Co. to secede. Or, if you pre-
fer it, go to Knoxville and witness the ministra-
tions of Parson Brownlow while swearing in the
Union men of East Tennessee—the true Union
men who refused so long to swear fealty to Jeff.
Davis. They will hardly degrade themselves by
kneeling side by side with their rebel persecutors,
and swearing fealty to Lincoln and all his proc-
lamations in regard to slaveiy.
There is a building in Knoxville, I am told, in
which, m June, 1SG0, that reverend champion of
" Honest Abe " penned and published an appeal
to the people of Tennessee to rally against Lin-
coln, the abolitionist, and Hamlin, whose color
was suggestive of a " free negro." In that build-
ing we will imagine him holding his high court of
political expurgation. We can almost see him
now as he opens the proceedings with prayer. Be-
hind the reverend operator in Gieek and hell-fire
may be seen the heioic but saintly face of Hor-
ace Maynard, while the martial form of Brig-
adier General Andrew Johnson, in full military
dress, glows as brightly or when he wrote his let-
tor' to Abraham, assuring him of General Buell's
treason. We can almost hear them now calling
for mourners, and administering Lincoln's oath.
No doubt those sturdy mountaineerswill on bended
knees solemnly swear to " abide by and faithfully
support all proclamations of the President made
during the rebellion having reference to slaves."
Mr. Chairman, at any other time such mockery
would excite only that pity which we feel for the
mummeries of the insane, and that contempt which
fills us for those who engage only in works of sacri-
lege. But the times are too perilous, the issues too
grave, to be passed thus lightly by. And this is
the medicine, this the great panacea which is of-
fered as the restorer of a dismembered Union ! And
there are those who profess to find m this silly pro-
ceeding a " wise plan " for biingnig peace to a dis-
tracted and bleeding country. It does not rise to
the dignity of respectable madness; itis too weak
and contemptible for the epithet of imbecility. Sir,
by what process are freemen not in the land or
naval service of the country to be deprived of life,
liberty, or property' Before the Constitution be-
came obsolete the answer would have been, only
by due process of law" after " presentment or in-
dichncni of a grand jury." But in this age of po-
litical piostitution and indiscriminate lobbcry, we
find that estates are confiscated without indictment
oi tual, and, finally, the right of suffrage, the surest
safeguard and final defense of a free people, is to
betaken away by one whoi^eneath all the usurp-
ers he would imitate in everything save in his dis-
ingenuous spirit. The usurpation is too monstrous
to be defended by any one who has just claims to
manhood, and in fact I am persuaded finds but
few defenders save among the corrupt and slavish--
menials whoare unfit to be free. And-this isth£
man whom my colleague [MivAritole)] associ^,
ates in argument with the Saviour of mankind. He;
reads an extract from the irrepressible conflict
speech which Lincoln made some years ago, and
exclaims: - . "
" This, the first emphatic enunciation of the philosoph-
ical fact of the antagonism between liberty and slavery^ the,
eternal and<irrepressible* conflict between them, electrified
the country, and made Abraham Lincoln President of the
United States." ****#•
" When the Son of God proclaimed a common- Father
and the universal brotherhood of man, He enunciated the
great moral principle which brought on the irrepressible
conflict with slavery." * "
Here he informs us that Christ only " emmet-'
ated the great moral principle which brought on this
irrepressible conflict," while it was reserved to Lin-
coln eighteen centuries thereafter to make " the
first emphatic enunciation of the philosophical fact of
the antagonism between liberty and slavery," which
lie graciously tells us " electrified the country and
made Abraham Lincoln President of the United
States." I protest against this robbery of the
illustrious dead. What will John Brown's ghost
say when that apostle'of bloody pikes finds him-
self thus unceremoniously kicked out of the com-
pany of Christ to give the seat of honor to the
saintly form of Abraham ? What will Jennison
and Montgomery say ? Lincoln had not so much
as burned a barn upon the Missouri border, when
saintly freedom-shriekers, now occupying high
stations, civil and military, were holding up their
bloody hands for favor at the orgies held over
successful robberies, murders, and assassinations.
What will Fremont and Hunter say ? It was they
to whom was first revealed the saving grace of
proclamations of freedom. What will some of the
sanctimonious constituents of my colleague say
when they remember their pious pilgrimage frpm
Chicago to Washington; and how, while they im-
plored a proclamation in the name of God, Abra-
ham was too carnal-minded to grant it? What
will be said by the bolder pioneers in the "irre-
pressible conflict" who are now languishing in
the penitentiaries for negro-stealing? They were
brave enough to commence the work of emanci-
pation without purse or scrip, each for himself,
and solitary and alone, while Abraham could not
come up to the good work until he thought him-
self backed by an army of a million of armed sol-
diers and sustained by the prayersof whole divis-
ions of contiactors and contrabands. If any one
isto be placed before Christ, letitbe John Brown
or Montgomery or Jennison. Even my other col-
league fiom the Bureau district [Mr. Lovejoy]
has antecedents in this regard entitling him to a
higher seat than our distinguished Chief Magis-
trate. Seriously, Mr. Chairman, when my col-
league [Mr. Arnold] again proceeds to enlighten
us as to the pedigrees of these illustrious reform-
ers, I hope he will reconcile the command of our
Saviour, that servants should be "obedient to
their masters," with the injunction of Brown,
Lincoln & Co., which requires masters to be
obedient to their slaves. But a few days ago, a
Norfolk correspondent of the New York Times
wrote as follows in regard to a negro raid which
General Butler caused to be made into North
Carolina:
(< The material results of the raid may be summed up as
follows: Between two and three thousand slaves were re-
leased from bondage, with whom were; taken along about
tlneehundred and "fifty ox, horse, and mule teams, and from
fifty to seventy-five saddle-horses, some of them valuable
animals. The guerrillas lost thirteen killed and wounded ;
ten dwelling houses, with many thousand bushels of corn
belonging to them, were burned, besides two distilleries;
four of the camps were destroyed, and one of their number
wa& hanged; and one hundred rifles, uniforms, infantry
equipments, &e., fell inio our hands as spoils, with a loss
on the part of the brigade ot twelve killed and wounded
and one man taken prisoner. Besides this, fourteen rebel
prisoners and four hostages were brought in.
"In regard to its moral and political results, however, the
importance of the r.ud cannot be oveiestimated. The coun-
ties invaded by the eotoied troops were completely panic-
stricken. Scores of families, lor no eanse hut a guilty
conscience, fled into the swamps on their approach. Never
was a region thrown into such a commotion by a raid before. -
Proud scions of chivalry, accustomed to claim the most
abject obedience from their slaves, literally fell on their
knees before these armed and uniformed blacks and begged
for their live«>. I was frequently asked how I, a citizen,
daied to tru&t myself among such incarnate demons. ' What
shall I do to be saved?' was the question asked on every
side.*5
Mr. Chairman, the faith of any one must be
weak indeed if, after reading the many glowing
