3382
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 29,
willing to enlist, and the bounty is $100 for throe
years'service. Where the advantage, then, of this
bill, which provides a bounty of $400 for three
years'service and a proportionate amount for any
less period of actual service? I say, therefore, that
if it is .intended by this bill to raise colored troops,
it will be a far more expensive system than the
present one which we now have in operation. It
is a fact that will be attested by many Senators
here, that we have had petition after petition com-
ing to us from officers in the Army now engaged
tn the southern States, asking for permission to
recruit their regiments and brigades under the
present law, and that those permissions have not
been freely granted; on the contrary, it has been
with difficulty that any such permits have been
obtained, and the Government instead of exerting
all its power, all its efforts, all its zeal to bring in
this class of recruits has rather been hesitant in*
its action. It was perfectly within the power of
the Administration to have had three hundred
thousand colored troops now in the service if it
had so determined and had cariied out its resolu-
tion with any degree of vigor. Does then the
Government now want such troops? Is the ap-
peal which it makes to us to amend the enroll-
ment law simply with a view of such a recruit-
mentof ourarmies? Thus thefirstconsideration
of the important sections of this bill returns us
upon the inquiry whether (he object be to raise
colored troops.
I say, then, that in view of the evident practical
woikiug of the bill now under consideration,
which is to authorize the States to appoint agents
to go and got from those districts which are in in-
surrection colored recruits who are to be put in
as substitutes to fill their quota, and who, when
they come in as substitutes, will beentitled under
the first section of the bill to a bounty of $400, ac-
coiding to the term of service,it will be a tar more
expensive system than if the Government were
now to require its agents and officers to recruit
for the Army of the United States in those dis-
tricts and pay the bounty as provided by law,
which amounts to only $100 altogether. I cannot
see, therefore, in what shape or in what manner
this bill is going to he a benefit to the Government, 1
and I do see how it is going to be an immense :
charge upon the Treasury of the United States, j
But it has been argued by some in the course !
of informal discussions which have taken place <
on this subject that the bounty of $400 here con-
templated will produce white enlistments more
certainly than the present law. I very much
doubt tins,even if the recruitment, were confined 1
to white troops. I call attention to the fact that, j
under the law as it stands, we provide for a bounty \
of $]00, and exact from those failing to serve a |
commutation, which is $300. The Government ,
has in its possession that sum also for the pur- 1
pose of get ting u substitute, so that the $100 and i
the $300 together give to the Government $400 m j
cash, being a more elfeeiive means of obtaining :
a white recruit and of filimgits nurncs thiouy;h '
the system of bounty, than the pre,sent bill can 1
by possibility give; because the whole amount of j
$300 under the old law is to be paid down in cash !
in hand and the $100 only withheld in part, i
whereas this bounty of $400 proposed in the bill I
before you is to be distributed over a period *>f j
three years. Therefore, so far as (he question of |
procuring white recruits irom the bounty which j
is here spoken of is concerned, it will bo impos- >
sible to get them with the same facility that we
can get them under the present law.
But let us look a little more closely at the finan-
cial aspect of this new measure of enrollment and
cnlhngoutthe national forces. The bill as it came
from the House called for a draft, and then ic-
quiied the Government to pay a bounty to sub-
stitutes ui place of those who refused to respond j
to the draft. Here is the proposition which ought ;
to be preserved as a memento of how a great na- j
Hon proposes to save itself m the hour of mortal j
combat: • 1
Sue. 1. <■*►'* and any such volunteer (or, in !
of t1 j aft, as iK'ieniaiter piovided, any hubstUtite) shall I
b<> crvdittjd to ihe town, township, precinct, or election dis- :
tnct, toward the quota of winch ho may have vokuiteeied !
vi engaged us a iub'-ntute ; and eveiy volunteer [and &ub- 1
•tfiiute] who i-3 accepted and mustered into the suvicc foi !
a term of one year, unless sooner discharged, shall receive, 1
and be paid by the United States, a bounty of/j&OO; and if (
for a term ot two years, unless sooner dibelKuged, a tiouniy ot ;
$300 ; and if for a term of three yeai£, unless- soouei du>- '
charged, a bounty of 3400; one halt of winch bounty Muli
be paid to the soldier at the time of his being mustered into
the seiviee, one fourth at. the expiration ol one half of his
term of service, and one fourth at the expiration of his
term of service.
But the Senate has stricken the word "substi-
tute"out,and 1 therefore shall leave the proposi-
tion to the ridicule of the country. The element of
it, however, which proposes to reintroduce on the
part of the Government a large system of boun-
ties is one that if carried out and practicable
would very soon settle all the financial embar-
rassments of our nation in bankruptcy. Where is
this money to come from? Why do you resort
to draft if you can get volunteers by a $400
bounty? You abolish commutation,which was
held to furnish the means of paying bounties for
volunteers or substitutes, and provide no other
mode of raising the money. Is the Treasury so
flourishing that it can go on with an experiment
which, if 1 am lightly informed, has been the real
cause of present difficulties in the Trcasury-De-
partment? Is it simply intended to give this $400
•to all the colored troopstheGovernorsof the sev-
eral States may get to fill their quota, and then
draft white citizens without paying any bounty
to make up the number of the quota that may not
be quite filled? Is it that the United States shall
pay $400 apiece bounty to all the freedmon the
Governors shall get into the service, and that the
people of those States who thereby escape the
draft shall pay nothing? That would be a sluewd
<lodgc indeed. Let me illustrate. In Illinois the
diaft is enforced and furnishes thirty thousand
men. It is compulsory service and'no bountie's
paid. In Massachusetts thu ty thousand freed-
men are got in South Carolina to fill her quota;
the United States pays out $12,000,000 in boun-
ties to those so-called volunteers, and no draft is
enforced, it will not do to say that Illinois can
do the same, because that brings you directly
down to the idea on which 1 wish to rivet atten-
tion—that you will bankrupt the Government.
Kvery hundred thousand men thus raised will
cost you foity or fifty million dolhus; and where
is the money to come from, or if supplied by new
issues where will be the limit to the depreciation
of the currency J
I need not dilate on the question whether this
clause will be taken advantage of by the States
and their Governors or not. It must be trans-
parent to eveiy one that under so broad a pro-
vision for furnishing " substitutes'5 under the dis-
guised name of "volunteers," and making the
Government pay the <. ost of getting them, it must
be tiansparent to evriy one that the Slates that
can raise the trilling advance of money needed to
seoute such colored tioops will promptly send
their agents and draw their quota from the States
that are in insurrection; in other woids, (hat their
quota will come in the shape of the enlisted freed-
men of the South, and not m the shape of white
soldieis, Tiieie is another grave consideration
that should be reflected upon, if the quotas are to
come m that shape, if ail these Governors are
going to i un a race and these thousands of agents
aie going into the piociss of kidnapping and
ci imping and bribing to gel these substitutes down
at the South, I ask you how are you going to fill
up your old regiments of white troops that are
now wasting away along the lines below Rich-
mond? Will you fill them up with these (reed-
men? Your regulations provide that they shall
not go into the same regiments, llow then arc
you iroing to fill up those old regiments ? A re you
going to k t your white bi igades waste away ? Are
you going to let them dwindle down to a mere
schedule of officers, and have your quotas alto-
gether made up of this class of troops? That is
going to be the effect of jt in spite of all that can
be done. You sPhill the Governors of States, all
the politicians of the country, every man who is
electioneering for an office, to the work of inciting
the filling up of the Army quotas with this class
of recruits or substitutes, to be gathered from the
South; and how many do you suppose will be
found among the citizens at home to volunteer
when it is represented to them that for a trifling
sum they can get a substitute of this kind ? Will
it not totally destroy all volunteering on the part
of the white citizens?
Mr. President, I venture fo say that if this bill
is adopted it will be the most fatal blow that has yet
been struck at the prosecution of this war, and the
most fatal blow at the military power of the Gov-
ernment. It is not alone that you cannot put your
system of drafting, as it is called, into force for
forty days no matter what the emergency, but
even when put into force it will prove a sham
system, that simply encourages substitutes hired
or caught or brought from the southern States.
Mr. President, I desire simply to vindicate the
protest which the minority, if I may so call an
equally divided committee, have thought proper
to enter against the passage of this bill. For my
own part 1 have stood here from the beginning
of this session contending all the while that if
we are to make our armies effective we must come
down to the absolute draft and repeal all commu-
tation clauses. I affirm that we have no right to
sacrifice the military power of this Government
to the exigencies of a political campaign, for that
is the meaning of this sugar-coating. 1 say that
I have contended from the time of taking my
seat in this body that such decision is the su-
preme requirement of the conflict, and I have
seen nothing to change my view in any of the
events that have transpired or the necessities which
have accumulated upon the Government. What
was predicted four months since—that before this
session ended you would be compelled to repeal
this commutation clause—has come to pass; and
now when the necessity isupon us, when we feel
the oeed of men and not of money, when the
demand comes up from the armies, amid the
turmoil of lost or sanguinary battles, for the best
soldiers of the land, and the recruiting of all the
regiments of the different States and the filling
them up to their maximum with the bone and
sinew of the country, we are presented not with
an intrinsically strong, compact, energetic meas-
ure, but with one that is nothing but a sham, un-
der pretense of which it is hoped to tide over a
presidential campaign.
I have given as far as able every vote that 1
possibly could in this assembly to carry on an
energetic military administration. I propose to
do so still, I am willing to-day, to assure a strong,
vigorous conduct of this war, to vote money and
vote men; but I am not willing to vote for a meas-
uie that produces no men such as we most need,
but that spends millions of money that we have
not got. Qolorpd troops are a very valuable aux-
iliary force in this war, they can be put togreat
uses and theirorganization should be warmly en-
couraged, but it does not and the people ol this
nation will never consent that this war shall rest
for us prosecution exclusively or even princi-
pally on their substituted valor. Whenitcomes
to that the civilized world will accept the fore-
gone conclusion thatthe struggle is ended.
Mr. President, the whole character of this bill
discloses itself in the section on which I have com-
mented, and I have therefore passed by minor
matters that might otherwise claim consideration.
Let me add one word, however, as to the general
scope of the bill and the spirit in which it was
conceived and passed in the other branch of this
Congress.
1 venture to say that if there be one measure
which more than any other is calculated tointer-
uiptand destroy the harmony and the confidence
which during the progress of this war has existed
between the eastern and western States, that meas-
ure is this one. It is known that one section of
the country is poor comparatively—a newly pop-
ulated section and drained of its agriculturallabor
by the war—the other is wealthy, with large man-
ufacturing and other interests and dense popula-
tions; and the moment youadopt that system, the
j moment it is known that half the States that are
i engaged in carrying on this war are contributing
; nothing in the shape of men but aie going down
1 to procure their substitutes by purchase, then you
j will arouse feelings in the western States that
i it will be impossible for politicians or platform-
| makers to put down. The people of the West
| will feel that it is an injustice; they will feel that
j it is no longer a common cause; they will feel as
! if the gauntlet had been thrown down by the east-
! ern or capital States to this effect, that the war
I if fought out at all must be fought out by their
j money and what it will fetch by colored soldiers
' alone, and not by their sons and brothers; and I
| tell you when that gauntlet is thrown down the
l! men of the West will not stand to any such dis-
tribution of the burdens of this conflict. They
are willing, yea resolute to go forward as we have
gone forward; but they require that we shall adopt
