THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27.
accounts of expeditions, of which this is a speci-
men, they do riot regard.the war as o-ver, and the
people of both sections ready to embrace and for-
give each other. We are told that the guerrillas
lost in killed and wounded .the immense number
ofifeirteew, while our victorious arm.y burned only
ten habitations!" But the gw>atest satisfaction is
felt when we are assured by the writer that u in
regard to its moral and political results, however,
the importance of tbe raid cannot be overesti-
mated.'* Certainly they cannot. " Scores of
families" "fled into the swamps on their ap-
proach." The President, no doubt, feels well
assured that those " proud scions of chivalry"
who so abjectly " fell on their knees before
these armed and uniformed blacks and begged for
their lives.," exclaiming " What shall 1 do to be
saved" will not hesitate in the presence of these
armed negroes to take the oath he has so mag-
nanimously-prescribed. Of one thing, that they
will keepw oath administered under such circum-
stances, he can feel no doubt. His rigid adherence
to hisown oaths will causc him to suspect no men-
tal reservation in others. This raid, Mr. Chair-
man,-is but a specimen of the movements which
have characterized many of our military opera-
tions during the past year in the valley of the
Mississippi, and especially in the department of
the Gulf. Plunder, wholesale and indiscriminate,
upon the loyal and disloyal alike, if we may be-
lieve the correspondence published in our own
papers, and information derived from other relia-
ble sources, has been so common and conducted
upon a scale so vast that it has become no longer
a matter of surprise. It is perpetrated in every
form, under the semblance of trade regulations,
impressments by pretended levies upon the dis-
loyal, and by military orders which afford suffi-
cient pretexts for those whose choice pursuit is
plupder. It is true that we hear occasionally that
such men as Butler and Curtis have been sus-
pended; but the hungry cormorants who seek
plunder, and know they can obtain it under the au-
spices ofsuch men, are not long in having them re-
stored to commands where their cupidity may be
gratified. The robberies under the reign of Butler at
New Orleans have been so palpable as to shock the
sensibilities of mankind. No prize was too great,
no inducement too small for hisenterprise. From
the State capitol to the graveyard, from the parlor
to the kitchen, his grasping hand was extended.
All accounts agree that things have been done at
NewOrleans under the flag of our country which
if not disavowed will disgrace the Government in
all coming time. I will mention one instance as
it was published in the New Orleans Era. That
paper is the organ of the Administration there—
the most ofits articles are headed "by authority."
I will read the Era's report. It is in the following
words:
"confiscation of tombstones.
<c There was one splendid monument—a stately column or
pyramid, intended to murk the spot where rest the remains
of Colonel Charles I). Dreux, the youthful oratot who icll
early in the war in command of a confederate battalion.
This was constructed at cost of .^l,500, and under the
hammer of the auctioneer it biou«ht hut $100. Cheap
monument, if the purchaser intended it tor his own tonih.
Therr was another monument equal in sue and beamy
which brought only thirty dollars. Tombstones sold as cheap
as marble."
The whole world is familiar with the plunderof
costly mansions and large estates, with robberies
of churches and public institutions. From these
we turn to the public sale of a dead man's tomb-
stone. Nothing seemed too high or low for the
robber's grasp. The result is that, instead of a
restoration of law and order, the country occu-
pied by our armies has in many instances been
given over to pillage and plunder; and they who
watched the approach of our proud old flag as the
harbinger of peace, look now only upon a ruined
country and a pillaged people. The justand con-
siderate portion of our people will remember the
barbarities, the shameless robberies of this man
who so suddenly rose from the ranks of his ori-
ginal secession friends to the grade of major gen-
eral of volunteers; nor will they forget that his
fame rests more upon his persecutions of the un-
armed and unoffending than the terror he has
caused among the rebels in the field. It is now
nearly three years since he donned the Federal
uniform. During that time he has planned Big
Bethel and other similar disasters; but he has never,
1 believe, been in personal danger, or a party to
the most unimportant skirmish, although by al-
leged violations of the laws of civilized warfare he
has won for himself the outlawry of our enemies.
This has been his chief military distinction; and
now, after a year of repose in New England, we
find himappomted toammportantcommandinVir-
giniaand North Carolina. With a cruelty quick-
ened by public exposure, with his avarice stimu-
lated by the success of former pillaging, and with
a slavish subserviency to those whose motives he
denounced for many years of his life, he is turned
loose upon a rebellious people, who, whatever
theirsins may be, are at least sincere in regarding
him as a monster. And when a few days ago a
member from New York [Mr. Fernando Wo-od]
submitted a resolution calling for a- committee to
inquire into his conduct, the Republican members
of this House, aided by one of the President's
military appointees from Kentucky, [Mr. Ander-
son,] voted to suppress the investigation; and it
was suppressed, and this man whose career is
coupled with so many crimes is assured of im-
munity, and launches again with renewed license
upon additional fields of plunder.
You may declaim as you will of your anxiety
for peace, but with the President's programme of
subjugating whole peoples and subverting the go v-
ernments of States, and with such men as Butler
despoiling whole communities in the name of con-
fiscation, we cannot believe you sincere; and if
sincere, it but demonstrates the utter unfitness of
the party in power either to conduct the war or
ad minister the Government in timesofprofoundest
peace. I know that in calling attention to these
things I shall be accused by paid officials and
hired sycophants of sympathy for the rebel cause.
The fate of all who have hitherto spoken boldly
ofthe public perils, or dared to arraign the motives
and conduct ofthe Administration, warns me that
I need not hope to cscape the tide of calumny
which is ever in reserve for the defenders of con-
stitutional liberty. I have counted well the cost
of these things, and am prepared for the onset.
Claiming to be a Union man, I am so uncondi-
tionally. I have been so consistently and persist-
ently eversincethefiringupon FortSumter, what-
ever censure I have cast upon those who could
and ought to have avoided the war; and here in
my place do I arraign the President and the sup-
porters of his insane policy as willing ormistaken
instruments of disunion. Doubtless some are so,
because they do not perceive the fatal tendencies
ofthe policy to winch they adhere; but the contest
is now no less with armed rebels than with those
who avow their purpose to change or destroy that
Union winch is the creature alone ofthe Consti-
tution. They are, wherever found, traitors of the
basest kind. Destitute, as they know themselves
to be, of principle or personal courage, they are
prompt in the presence of provost marshals and
military guards to eject their spleen upon those
who adhere to the Constitution. They are impe-
rious and insulting now because their master is
near; but their cowardice is too patent to be dis-
guised, and the " stop thief" cry of treason which
they impute to others will not always shield
them from personal exposure and chastisement.
Those who are now loudest in shouting " loy-
alty" have spent long years in teaching treason
to the people ofthe North. Their personal cow-
ardice alone restrained them from open rebellion,
but their teachings and principles were m all re-
spects as treasonable as the ravings of the vilest
secessionists m (he land. Chase,Sumner, Phil-
lips, Beecher,Wade, Fred. Douglas, Seward, John
Brown, and most other representative men ofthe
Republican party, have advocated the higher law
doctrine of rebellion for the last ten or fifteen years,
and one of them has had the courage to make practi-
cal application of his principles. I allude, of course,
to John Brown, who suddenly rose from the level
of a horse-thief to the dignity of a Republican god,
and who is now accepted by the President and his
adherents as the prince of Republicans, a type of
the true Christian reformer and "loyalist." I,
sir,denounce the heretical teachings which caused
j John Brown to make his murderous foray upon
Harper's Ferry, just as I do the rebellious teach-
!| ing which caused the attack on Fort Sumter.
Brown acted under a provisional government in
antagonism to that ofeihe United States; so did
Davis and Stephens; Harper's Ferry belonged to
the United States,so did Fort Sumter; Harper's
Ferry was retaken by the military forces of the
United States, Fort Sumter should have been re-
duced-long ago; it would have been, had opera-
tions there been directed to a reduction of the fort
instead of establishing free negro colonies at Hil-
ton Head and Port Royal. John Brown was made
prisoner, tried for murder and treason, found
guilty, and hanged. Davis may be when he is
captured or surrenders. Who, then, 1 ask, dared
openly defend the crimes of John Brown ? Only
a few of the bolder fanatics who, like Wendell
Phillips, -had avowed themselves disunionists
from the first. Who sing hosannas to his mem-
ory now ? At least three fourths of the Black Re-
publican party, and the whole of that numerous
class of paid stipendiaries and placemen who dis-
grace the press and the offices of the country. The
rebels have never showered half so many honors
upon their dead or li ving leaders as you have upon
this old murderer whom you venerate simply be-
cause he was a traitor.
The soldiers who volunteered for the sole pur-
pose of putting down rebellion and vindicating
the law are often forced to march among the
women and children of the South, who are too
often insulted and plundered by the bad spiritand
pillaging propensity which seem to enter so large-
ly into the policy upon which this war is to be
conducted; and they who impatiently listened for
the airs and anthems which once told of union
and nationality, often hear only from negro sol-
diers doggerel praises of John Brown and his
murderous crew. The uniform which is the badge
of a gentleman and the ensign of honor is worn
now by depraved negroes whose instincts are al-
most as low and brutal as those at whose instance
the profession of arms has been disgraced. The
proud, brave, and patriotic white soldier, who left
home, family, business, and everything in order
to figlrt for and, if necessary, die for a restoration
of all the States to the Union, is, by the present
military policy, degraded to a level with the ig-
norant and brutal negro; and if he complain- is
punished, and his officer who may chance to share
with him in hiscomplaints is dishonorably (that's
the word they use) dismissed the service. And
these things, Mr. Chairman, are done by those
intolerant zealots who would brand the defenders
of the Constitution with such epithets as "traitor"
and "copperhead !" I repeat, sir, lam among the
unconditional Union men of the country.
Jefferson Davis and his adherents who sought
to destroy the Union by dismemberment are trai-
tors to the Constitution; butthey were bold enough
to avow their purposes, to appeal to the sword,
and risk the dreadful consequences of their crimes.
Their followers may have been wicked or mis- ^
guided, but they made the issue boldly, and have
so far met the consequences, like brave and fear-
less men. 1 repeat, they are traitors; and to the
laws of war first, and of the United States after-
wards, they are amenable; but they are not the
only traitors to the Constitution with whom we
have to struggle. They maybe honest and mis-
guided, but throughout the entire North they are
numbered by the thousand and tens of thousands;
and here, here among the representatives of the
people, are to be found dozens and scores who are
as disloyal and treasonable to the Constitution a-'
are the oldest and most hardened rebels in the
South. Itis with you as well as with the rebels of
the South that the unconditional Union men have
to deal. Jefferson Davis professed to be a Union
man, but only upon his terms; but the uncondi-
tional Union men of the country rejected his con-
ditions, and pointing to the Constitution they said,
"We will have no terms but the Constitution as
it is, no Union but that which it made." Sumner,
Chase, Lincoln, Beecher, and all the leading spirits
of this Administration profess to be Union men;
but like the original secessionists of the South they
are so only upon their own terms. What are those
terms? Indiscriminate robbery by military con-
fiscation, and the subversion of the governments
of almost halfthe States of the Union; converting
them into territorial dependencies, changing the
whole structure of the Federal Government, and
ruling millions of people by standing armies and
the sword. Stick men, 1 repeat, are disunionists*
Too cowardly to avow their purpose at the begin-
ning of the war, they now seek to use the men and
money which were given for the suppression of
the rebellion to overthrow the institutions which
all departments of the Government stood pledged
to maintain.
For myself, while I reject the terms of the reb-
