1430
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 5,
Mr. HOOPER moved that the rules be sus-
pended, and the House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union to
take up the national currency bill, which is the
special older.
The motion was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended, and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Rollins,
of New Hampshire, in the chair,) and resumed
the consideration, as a special order, of the bill
(H. R. No. 333) to provide a national currency
secured by a pledge of United States stocks, and
to provide for the circulation and redemption
thereof, all debate on the pending: section and the
variousamendments thereto beingclosed by order
of the House in one minute.
The question was on the following substitute
offered by Mr. Hooper to the sixty-third section:
Sec. 03. And be it further enacted, Th.it poisons holding
stock a> t'xeomors, administrators, guardian*, and trust-
ees, shall not be personally subject lo any liabilities as
stockholders; but the assets and iuikKih then hands shall
be liable m like manner and to tiiu same extent as the test-
ator, intestate, watd, or peisnn niteietted in such trust
funds would be it they were respectively living and com-
petent to act and hold the stock in then own name.
To which Mr. Davis, of Maiyland, offered the
following amendment:
Provided, That no State tax shall be imposed upon any
pari of the capital Mock of Mich association invented in the
bonds of the United States.
To which amendments Mr. Davis, of New
York, offered the following as a substitute:
And he it further cnacted, That it shaft bo the duty oi the
Seerenuy of thv Treasury, as soon as practicable afterthe
end ot each fiscal year fiom and alter the parage of this
act, to make out and transmit 10 the ueasurci of each State
A statement of all taxes vvhich shall have been collected in
that ^t.ite from each national h.ink organized therein dur-
ing such previous year, and he 'hall with Mich statement
remit to Ilie treasurer ot such State one toui th the amount
thus collected irom such association in each State, to be
disposed ot in Its deletion.
The question was taken on the substitute of-
fered by M -. Davis, of New Yoik; and it was
rejected.
The question recurred on the amendment to the
amendment offered by Mr. Davis,of Maryland;
and it was rejected.
The question recurred on Mr. Hooper's amend-
ment.
Mr. SPALDING. I move the following as an
amendment to the amendment:
And he ttjmthci cnactcd, That no part of the capital
«toek of any banking institution created oi continued in
cxi&tence by this act. so fai a* the same is made up ot Uni-
ted States bond*, shall be subject to taxation bv the govern
meut of the State within thu InniH of w Inch it may be sit-
uated.
Mr. Chairman, it seems necessary that some
such amendment should be introduced-, nnd I do
not know of any more unobjectionable than the
one I now submit.
Theamendmentto the amendment was rejected.
The question then recutred on the amendment
of Mr. Hoopeu.
Mr. DAYIS, of New Yoik, demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered;and Messrs.Van Valkxn-
vurgfi and Kldridgf. were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 54, noes 50.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PRICE. I submit the following amend-
ment:
•And be it further enacted, That no association organized
under this act shall at any tune payoutor put into circula-
tion in payment of any of its obligations am' bank hills, or j
anything intended to ct' dilate n  money, \\ bieh at the tune
of buch paying out or putting mto cumulation is not being
received by such association at par.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. BROOKS. I wish to offer an amendment,
but I do not wish to offer it to the section upon
which debate lias been closed.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not now in or-
der.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
strike out the enacting clause of the bill. I make
the motion for this reason —
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Is the motion to strikeout
the enacting clause in order'
Mr. BROOKS. 1 rise to a question of order.
The enacting clause of the b-il! may he considered
as prior to the first section of the bill, and I make
the point of order that we cannot retrace our steps
except by unanimous consent.
Mr. COX. I ask what will betheefFectof the
motion of the gentleman from Illinois if it be
adopted by the committee?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I understand
the effect of the motion to be, that if the House
does not sustain the action of the committee, the
bill will be recommitted to the committee, and
that if we sustain the action of the committee in
striking outthoenacting clause it will kill the bill.
Mr. COX. The gentleman is mistaken. It
only brings the bill before the House. It was
the way in which the Kansas and Nebraska bill
was brought before the House.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask for the
reading of the rule.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" 123, A motion tosttikc out the cuacting words of a bill
shall have precedence of a motion to amend ; and, if car-
ried, slutII be consideiecl equivalent to its rejection. When-
ever a bill is reported irom a Committeeof the Whole, with
a recommendation to stuke out the enacting words, and
such iceommendatiou disagteed to by the House, the
bill shall stand lceommitted to the said committee without
furthei action by the House.5'
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move the following as a
substitute for the entue bill:
That the act entitled "An act to provide a national cur-
rency secured by a pledge ot the United States stocks, and
to provide (oi the circulation and redemption thereof," ap-
pioved February 2,>, 1863, is hereby lepealed: Provided,
however, That any association organized uuder &aul act
shall tiave three years trom the passage of this act to re-
tit e their cn eulation and close up the business of such as-
sociation, during which time and lor the purpose aforesaid
only the said act shall remain in hill torce.
The CHAIRMAN. The question on the sub-
stitute will be reserved until the bill has been
acted on.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Skc, 0-1. And be it fiuthcr enactcd, That Congress re-
serves the light at any time to amend, alter, or repeal this
act.
Mr. BROOKS. That is an excellent section,
the only good one in the bill, and I hope that will
pass. 1 move the following as an additional sec-
tion:
.find be it futther enacted, That all the gold and silver
com teeeived by over> association organized under the pro-
vision* of this act lor the intetest that may be paid on the
stocks, bonds, or other securities ot the United States de-
posited with the Comptroller, shall be retained ami field
by such assoeiation until the <11111  l such specie or coin
shall be equal to at least six per cent, oi the reserve re-
quired to be held by associations located other than in the
cities o ,-S| Loui-. Louisville, Chicago, New Orleans, Cm
c 111 na(1, H dtimoie, Philadelphia. l^Mon, New Yoik, i?an
Ftancjsco, Huflalo, Detioit. i'oitland, Pittsburg, Albany,
.Milwaukee, and Cleveland, to the amount of at least ten
pet cent, ot .such le^erve required to be held bj the banks,
at the leilemptiou places named in the thirty-first section
o( this act.
Mr. Chairman, I expect that the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Hooper] who has the
custody of this bill will oppose it, and to fortily
myself I have provided an argument which comes
from the president of the Eagle bank, Boston,
Waldo Flint, Esq., which I ask the Clerk to read.
The Cleik read, as follows:
lk The piesent law, and the amendment* as piopo.sed by
the. Comptioiler 111 Ins new hill, now under consideration
In the Committee o( Ways and Means, do not requite
banks to hold any gold or sflver com while the suspension
of spt-cie payment* continues. We iecard this as one of
the most ahumuig leatmcs of the new system of banking-—
as it is dnectly opposed to all past theory and experience
on this subject, and con-tmues one of the stiongcst aigu-
inents against the change iiom State to national organiza-
tion.
'* It is true that hank cn eulation may be ultimately safe,
by the pioiet. turn aflouled by public stocks, held as coeuuty
h> the Government; but there is a wide distinction be-
tween seeunty andeonveitibihty,and in times of peace the
community roqu.ie banks whose circulation is amply se-
emed to keep specie m sufficient propoition to enable them
to respond to sudden calls.
•'Ttie panic reason does not apply in time of war, when
it is ltupiactieable lor the Govet ntn-nt nr the banks to pay
specie on demand, but the argument is quite as sttong wlu< h
should requne banks to hold the spene in their vaults as
the trustees and custodians of the public, as visible, tangi-
ble seem ity, convcitibie when the state of the countiy and
its relations at home and abioad will admit of its being done
with safety.
"But there are other reasons of couli oiling public policy
winch demand that specie shall be held on public account
and for public benefit.
" Supposc-'Mr. McCulloch should succced in compelling
all Slate bank oigamzations to become merged under the
new i.wv in national institutions ; what is to become of the
millions ot specie they now hold—are they to disappeai ?
to be sold at a premium, the new banks getting the nom-
inal advance and thus inflating the market value of their
stocks? and who are lo be the purchasers? Either indi-
vidual*. for the puiposp of hoarding, or importers tempted
by reduced prices to enlarge their ordei.4 for goods irom
foreign countries to compete with home manufactures, or
to pamper luxury and cumulate extiavagance."
Mr. BROOKS. Mr. Chairman, I desire to say
that the $20,000,000 of gold in the New York
bunks, the $5,000,000 in the banks of Roston, and
the $3,000,000 in the banks of Philadelphia, if this
amendment be not adopted, will be withdrawn
from State taxation.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. BROOKS. I have two other amendments
to offer as additional sections. They are amend-
ments which meet the assent I believe of the asso-
ciated banks of New York, with perhaps one
exception, and which they are anxious to have
incorporated in the bill.
The first one provides the mode and manner of
winding up these national institutions whenever
in the opinion of two thirds of the directors it shall
be deemed expedient not to continue the business
longer. I move the following as an additional
section:
And be it further enacted, That if at any time before the
period fixed tor the tenntnation of any association organ-
ized under the provisions of this act, the directors theieof
f-hall deem it to be for the interest of the shareholders to
discontinue such association, and shall have obtained the
assent of two thirds of the shareholders, such directors
may by the vote of two thirds of their number give notice
to the Comptroller of the Currency ot their intention to
discontinue the business of banking, under the piovisions
ot tin* act; and when stub association shall have re-
deemed and paid or seemed the payment of then out-
standing circulation, and the payment of all their liabilities
for deposits, and shall have paid or secuied the payment of
all its other liabilities, to the satisfaction ot the Comp-
troller of the Cuircncy, he may declare by a public adver-
tisement that it is 110 longer subject to the liabilities im-
posed on associations organized under the provisions of
this act.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. BROOKS. I have one other amendment
to offer, and then my duty in relation to the per-
fection of this bill will have been discharged. It
is for the purpose of preventing that wildcat sys-
tem of banking which was so much in fashion in
some portions of the country some years ago, by
which hanks having no capital secured depositors
by becoming savings banks. 1 move the following
as an additional section;
And be it fmther enacted, That it shall not be lawful
for any association oigam/.ul under the provisions of this
act to'do business as a savings bank, or in any way to
solicitor recede deposits as a savings bank, not to pay any
interest, compensation, bonus,or other consideration !or
deposits of money icccivcd by it, or in arty way to iccetve
deposits as a savings bank, or upon interest; and any
association winch shall violate the provisions of this sec-
tion of this net shall forfeit and pay to the United States
the Mim of $100 for every day such ofl'ensc shall he con-
tinued, to be sued for and iceovered by any district at-
torney of the United States, m any court o't the United
States, for the Use oi the Tieasury of the United States;
and it fhall be the duty of the Comptroller ot the Currency
to pioceed against any association which may violate this
piovision.
Mr. HOOFER. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman from New Yoik whether the banks in
his State are prohibited from becoming savings
banks by any statute of New York r
Mr. BROOKS. I am not eure whether I can
answer the gentleman from Massachusetts satis-
factorily. I know what is the geneial opinion.
1 cannot definitely, in regaid to law, because I
have not examined. I know that some six or
| seven years ago some of these banks turned into
j savings banks in some portions of the country.
| But in New York, whether there is any specific
law or not, there is a power of opinion higher
than law which would prevent it being done thete.
Mr. HOOPER. I understood that it was the
constant practice.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The question recurred on the amendmentin the
j! natuie of a substitute for the bill offered by Mr.
1 Hot.man.
On a division, 40 voted for and 63 against the
substitute.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Holmaj*
and Hooper were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 45, noes 63.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the committee
rise and report the bill to the House.
Mr. G AN SON. Before the bill is reported to
