1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3383
measures of energy, measures of equal bearing
all over the country to sustain this war as they
have sustained it heretofore. Youmustnotmake
what will appear to them an invidious discrimina-
tion between wealth and their own contributions
in the shape of men or it will arouse a sectional
jealousy which may prove fatal to the cause of
freedom on the continent.
Mr. President, I move to amend the bill by
striking out the third section.
The Secretary read the section proposed to be
stricken out, as follows:
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful
for the Executive of any of the States to send recruiting
agents into any of the States declared to be m rebellion to
recruit volunteers under any call under the piovisions of
thisi act, who shall be credited to the State, and to the re-
spective subdivisions thereof, which may procure the en-
listment.
Mr. GRIMES. If the Senate should decide not
to strike that out, will the section be susceptible
of amendment?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will, in the
opinion of the Chair. It can be amended before
or afterwards.
Mr. SHERMAN, i wish to vote with the Sen-
ator from Missouri, but I think if he will allow
the section to be modified in the vray that I pro-
pose it will carry out his views.
Mr. BROWN. Certainly. I will withdraw
the motion temporarily.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not ask it to be with-
drawn unless the amendment meets his views. I
propose to make the section read in this way:
That it shall be the duty of the President to tend recruit-
ing agents into anv of the States declared to be in rebel-
lion to recruit volunteers under any call under the pro-
visions of tins act, to be organized, armed, and equipped .1-5
United States volunteers!, according to existing law, and
who shall receive the pay, bounty, and pensions- provided
for other troops in the military service ol the United States.
There are a large class of people, both white
and black, in the southern States who ought to
be enlisted. They have not had opportunities
to enlist in many cases, because the authorities
would not or could not afford them proper facili-
ties; but as we now propose to give them large
bounties I have no doubt they can be enlisted
and mustered in as United. States volunteers.
Mr. BROWN. That is just what I want, and
I will accept the amendment.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask the Senator from
Ohio if the President has not that power now.
Mr. SHERMAN. He has power to pay a
bounty, but it is limited to $100. By the first
section of this bill the bounty will be'increased
very largely.
Mr. "WILSON. The President now has all
the power embodied m the amendment,
Mr. SHERMAN. Except the power to pay
the bounty.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will state that the Senator from Missouri pro-
poses to strike out this section, and the Senator
from Ohio proposes to modify it in a certain way.
Mr. BROWN. I accept the modification of
the Senator from Ohio.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
desires to call the attention of the Senator from
Missouri to that point. It is not in his power to
accept a modification of a bill before the Senate
without a vote of the Senate.
Mr. BROWN. 1 suppose I can withdraw my
motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
can withdraw his motion to strike out.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is not necessary to do
that. 1 can move to amend before the Senator's
motion is put. That will end the matter per-
haps.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That can be
done.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to strike out in the
second line of the third section the words " law-
ful for the Executive of any of the States'' and to
insert the words " the duty of the President;51 in
line four to strike out the words 'Minder any call
and then in line five, after the word "be," to ;
strike out the residue of the section in these words, :
1 credited to the State, and to the respective sub-
divisions thereof, which may procure the enlist-
ment/'and insert "organized, armed ,and equipped
as United States volunteers according to existing
law, and who shall receive the pay, bounty, «mi
pension pie&cubcd Ibi other troops in the mili-
tary service of the United States. The section
will then read:
That Its-hall be the duty of thePiesldcntto send lecruit-
ing agents into any of the States declared to he in rebel-
lion to recruit volunteers under the provisions of tln-> act,
who shall be organized, armed, and equipped as United
States volunteers according to existing law, and who shall
leceive the pay, bouniy, and pension prescribed for other
troops in the military service of the United States.
Mr. WILSON. I will say a word or two in,
explanation of this section of the bill from the
House of Representatives.
In the early part of the session, believing it to
be of great importance to enlist into the service
of the United States the poor white men of the
rebel States and also the black men, believing that
we could raise thousands of these poor white men
and tens of thousands of black men by interest-
ing the people of the States who have raised
nearly all the soldiers raised during this war in
their enlistment, I proposed this measure. I pro-
posed it because I believed it would weaken the
enemy and give strength to our country; that it
would be for the benefit of Union men in the rebel
States who were poor and oppressed, and that it
would biing into the service tens of thousandsof
colored men whose labor was now used in sup-
port of the rebellion.
Last autumn, when the Government was doing
very little to raise colored troops, although they
had been authorized from July, 1&62, an earnest,
determined man went before the people, raised
$60,000 in money, and went into the State of
Tennessee and some other parts of the country
and organized sixteen regiments and put them
into the service of the United States, and not a
man of those counted to the people who had con-
tiibuted the money, and the man who raised
them gave all his time and spent several thousand
dollars besides. 1 believed that the men who
wore in favor of laising this class of troops and
who would give money to do it would be further
encouraged by allowing the men they raised to
be credited to the community that made the con-
tribution. I never dreamed that it would excite
one portion of the country against the other, but
I supposed that the patriotic men of all sections
of the country .would hail and welcome every
man raised by the labor or the money of any sec-
tion or portion of the loyal States. 1 believe that
if such a proposition as this had been adopted
six months ago it would have put at least one
hundred thousand men into the service of the
United States who have not been put there. I
know it would harm no section of the country;
it would weaken no section of the country. It
might excite some prejudices, but they would be
prejudices that would be excited for no reason-
able cause.
When I made this proposition here it received
but little support in the Senate, and it went over.
I hoped that there would be a change of senti-
ment and that the measure would yet receive the
sanction of the Senate. But, sir, a member of the
House of Representatives, a major general in the
Army of the United States—I mean General Blair
—the Representative of a State west of the Mis-
sissippi river, came to me and asked for the bill.
He took the bill, made such modifications in it as
he saw fit, and ofieied it m the House of Repre-
sentatives. A gentleman from Ohio, who him-
self had been a major general in the service of the
United States and who had raised troops, said
the first white troops raised in Tennessee were
refugees fiom Alabama, and when that bill was
pending he said it was the most important meas-
ure to strengthen the count! y that had been pro-
posed in the House of Representatives. He might
have erred in judgment, but that was the opinion
he expressed. The House of Representatives
passed the bill by a vote of about two to one.
The Military Committee of this body reported m
favor of it, and 1 have tried to obtain a vote of the
Senate upon it, but never brought it up at any
time when it appealed to me I could get a ma-
jority of the Senate for it; and so it has passed
on from that time to this.
This very principle in other language has been
embodied 111 this bill by a vote of the House of
Representatives, it is here befoie us to-night,
and we must pronounce upon it. The Senator
from Missoun thinks it will be a source of weak-
ness. if i thought so I would vote against it. 1
do not ihink so I n<> region why ony in.mi
should ybjf.i.i to ii. 1 'hi.,, that although the i
Government of the United States wants men we
have raised but very few colored men since the
1st of January last. There are some reasons why
we do not. In the first place this long, long dis-
pute about the pay of these soldiers has kept tens
of thousands of them, in my judgment, out of
the service. Then the barbarities of the rebels,
their cruelties, which we cannot protect these
men*from,have doubtless deterred many of them
'"from enlisting; and then comes this fact, that the
Federal Government is a very poor agent to en-
list men. That is my judgment about it. Al-
though we have our provost marshals up and
down the country, nineteen twentieths of the
men enlisted are really enlisted through the in-
fluence of the people of the localities of the men,
of the wards, the towns, the districts,and not by
the positive toil and labor of the national Gov-
ernment officers. That is the truth about it. We
all know it. They are doing and have done but
very little to raise colored troops during the last
six months. I think we could have had, and
ought to have had, a quarter of a million of them
in the field; and if we had we should have 110
occasion for this bill, no occasion for any change
of our laws. We have in the sei vice many thou-
sands of them now. They are probably not in-
creasing, and have not increased in four or five
months. They are holding important points.
They are doing duty faithfully. If this section
remains in the bill the people of the cities, towns,
counties, and States will use their influence to
enlist white men and black men everywhere they
can find them, putting of course the black men
into black regiments and the white menJinto the
legiments already in the field. 1 think that pro-
vision will put a great many thousand men into
the Army.
But now I come to another point. We have so
amended this bill that when the President issues
a call for troops these volunteers must volunteer
in forty days. If the quota is not filled up in
forty days, then the President is directed to make
a draft to fill up the balance, and when the men
are drafted they have ten days to report by them-
selves or by substitutes, the commutation clause
being abolished. They have but ten days to do
it, and they must report themselves or import by
substitute in that time, and of course they have
no great time to search the disloyal States for any
class of men. I think that this section, which I
understand has a very earnest and strong support
111 the House of Representatives, if it is permuted
to remain in this bill, will add many thousand
men duung six months to the military foice of
the United States, and it will relieve to that ex-
tent a class of men in the country nccessary to its
productive industry.
Mr. GRIMES. We are at length, Mr. Presi-
dent, m one of the very last days of the session,
approaching the consideration of the most mo-
mentous subject that has been or that can becon-
sideied during this session of Congress. We are
to determine to-night, or at any rate while we
consider this bill, whether or not the treasure that
lias thus far been spent and the blood that' has
hitherto been spilled 111 this contioversy are to
be wasted and e-unk into the ground, or whether
they are to accomplish the purpose that the conn-"
ti y desires; that is, the restoration of the Union.
We are, in a word, to decide whether or not we
are to have an aitny, 01* whether we shall suffer
the forces that are now in the field to be flittered
away, to be devastated by war, and nothing be
substituted in the place 01 the men now standing
in the ranks.
Mr. President, the bill now under considera-
tion as it came to us fiom the House of Repre-
sentatives is a most extraordinary one. I confess
that 1 never was called upon to pass a judgment
upon a bill that so much surprised and perplexed
me. It would be exceedingly difficult lor me to
determine in whose interest the bill was designed
to be passed into a law. In my conviction, if
enacted into a law as it was presented upon our
tables, 1 agree perfectly with the Senator from
Missouri there would not be a single white sol-
dier added to our Army under it, and probably
very few colored soluieia.
1 need not say that I have always been opposed
to commutation tor military seivice. I have be-
hoved that evety ntizen of the country owed his
propeiiy, hi.- jaiwet', and lit" so the <QU'X-
fjy if a wac. iif -'dui y 1 and I hav.: al^njo thyvc
