THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, I). C.
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, JANUARY 29, 1864.
New Series....,No, 25-'
els, I turn with equal disdain from the no less
treasonable conditions of those who sock uncon-
stitutionally to overthrow the rights of individ-
uals and of States. In my opinion, those who
adhere to the cause of Jefferson Davis are no more
treasonable in their aims than th<?se who would
apotheosize old John Brown, or join Fred. Doug-
lass and Sumner in their schemes to annihilate
the States of the South and obliterate them from
the map of the world. Upon this issue, thus
forced upon the loyal people, the battle of the
Constitution is soon to be fought. Upon the re-
sult hangs a nation's existence. The forces are
being1 marshaled for the fray. The ides of No-
vember will end the throes and agonies of an im-
periled country, or the dead cc^rpse of the Con-
stitution and the liberties of the people will have
found a sepulcher. The issue is vastly more im-
portant than the gravest which has yet been sub-
mitted to any portion of mankind. Trained, as
I have been, to be ever hopeful of the good for-
tunes of my country, I will not now despair. The
frightful corruption and bold usurpations of this
Administration I will hope have not affected the
integrity and patriotism of the mass of the peo-
ple. This Capitol, from whencc the stream of
profligacy, venality, and corruption is issued, I
trust is not at ad$ftytaptomatic of a general relaxa-
tion of public morality. Always confident of the
honesty and intelligence of the people, I will not
despair of them now when such momentous is-
sues are at stake. Knowing as they do that ail
our past greatness and glory resulted from adher-
ence to the Constitution, they w.ill cling the more
closely to it now when dangers are thickening on
every side. Their forbearance will be sorely tued.
Every obstruction which usurpation can erect
will impede then*efforts; but they will never yield
the right of suffrage while life remains. In every
northern State, with two or three humiliating ex-
ceptions, a majority of the people are lovers of
the Union, and wtil array themselves upon the
side of that Constitution by which it was made.
Amid long suffering they have exhibited patience;
should force be invoked to drive them from the
polls, they will manifest the spirit of men who
know their rights and have the couiage to main-
tain them. They have been already warned, and
being warned they will not wait to be told to pie-
pare. They are ready now; impatient for the
hour when, with that weapon which is "formid-
able to tyrants only," they may speak peace to
an agonizing people, reunion to a torn and dis-
membered country.
And why, i ask, should not the people every-
where array themselves upon the side of the Con-
stitution? Those who talk of peace upon any
other terms than the preseivation of the Consti-
tution, pure and simple, and a reunion of the
States under it, are traitors at heart to that instru-
ment, with whom I make no terms here or else-
where. Upon all such, arguments are thrown
away, but the people, the real people every where,
those upon whom theburdens of the warfallmost
fearfully; whose industry is paralyzed by taxa-
tion, and whose homes, day by day, arc being
desolated, are impatient for the end of this unnat-
ural struggle. It would be ended before the return
of spung if common sense were allowed to con-
trol our rulers for a day. The people are not un-
mindful of the blessings of peace; they have felt
the horrors of war; and they know that any peace,
based upon the supremacy of the Constitution and
followed by a reunion of the States, will be no
less honorable to themselves than beneficial to
them and their posterity. But the subjugation
and degradation of five millions of tree men can-
not result m peace. A temporary truce you may
have; a sullen silence may reign in a land made
desolate by fire and sword; the hoof of the Fed-
eral horseman may press every foot of rebel soil,
but there will be no peace. It will be a nation of
permanent malcontents; and while the hand of
social and political inequality rests upon them,
the fires of vengeance will burn m every heart,
and tin- flames of lebcllion will again light up the
land. None of us need be ignorant of the temper
25
and character of the people who are in arms. They
are of the same race as ourselves. They were
born free, and have been tauglit principles of
Anglo-Saxon liberty in the same schools with us.
While we may abhor the treason which first im-
pelled their leaders and deploie the delusion which
nerves the arms of their followers, we cannot
shut our eyes to the fact that the great body of
them have been sincere. It is evidenced by their
patient endurariceand terrible courage, their trials
and sufferings, and the tenacity with which they
cling to a desperate contest. I am not alone in this
estimate of rebel heroism. I will remind those
who declare it treasonable to find anything to ad-
mire in the character of a foe, that more than I
have said was admitted during the last year by
one sufficiently fanatical to pass as orthodox,
even among contractors or contrabands, Loyal
Leaguers or Free Lovers. During tne last year
the Reverend Henry Ward Beecher published
an article in his newspaper, the Independent, m
which he said:
u In another column of our paper Mi. Greeley expresses
his opinion that the war draws to a close, and that tins year
will piobahly it ended. He doe-! not give the met- on
which such jinlgment is foamed, and it muht be unaided as
the impulsion piodueed by the whole eouiseof events, and
their pie^ent condition, upon his mind.
" But judgments of this kind are but little moie than the
reflection ot personal temperament. Opposite opinions will
be tunned, ui view of tin- fame ijots3 by two men equally
wlit!, tunpiy because one is sanmmie. and dwell-, upon the
hopeful a-peetr=, while the otner, cautloud and >low ol be-
lief, weiiihs thedilFieuiues and d.ui'jeis.
"We can sec how the wai easdv miiiht bo shoi t, and that
it may be near ltd close. Hut we see with equal clearness
that it may be pi oti acted for several jears* to eomo. Nor is
it in the powei ot any man at piesent to judge winch of
the two possible courses evenis will follow.
" We ?ee no sub^anuai evidence that the South is yet
discouia«etl. What JegMatme, convention, or influential
man, even, has utteied a d<;-pondine wold ? The s-pn it of
the people k not htoken. With a tew exceptions, the in-
telligent pusouers who are taken hold one language, and
that l- of firm, lesolutP. luitei determination to lesLs'ttothe
utteunost. Nor can wo leain that tlio-o who stay at home,
and who sutler art eat depnvations, are weary or discour-
aged. Even when hunger drive1? women to riot and vio-
lence, it is remarkable that they demand ' head,' but never
' peace !' Indeed, we are free to say that we cannot ro-
pier our admiration of the conduct of the southern people
in tine lenihle struggle. It need^ only a worthy cause to he
regarded as heroic." They seek to establish a d< testable
f-v^tem of-laveiy. They seek lor that end the overthiow
ot a beneficial Government. Their eaiw.; is- a^ bad a> it
Weil can he. NeveHhele--j 1hey have given up all thing.-.
<or what they legaid a-j their eonntiy. Tliey have rehn
quisled limine-, submitted to hardships, <ufiWed bereave-
ment and lo >e*-,notonl\ without mm muring, but eageily;
and aftei two > car-* ot ti ml - tb.it may be said almost to have
revolutionized the interior ol southern society, and i educed
them to the minimum o( eomloit, thev aie undiscouiaged.
The} aie even moie fierce and buter than evei.'*
Sir, every candid man knows that this is u. cor-
rect representation of the spirit of our enemies.
It is still unbroken; and if this Government per-
sists in rejecting those moral agencies which
should aceompany the sword, other sanguinary
battles must be fought, in which the slaughter
will be commensurate with the heroism of the
combatants. That heroism is the birthright of all
Ameiicun people. Do not wisdom and humanity
require that such a people should be won hack to
allegiance rather than dtiven to that resistance
which is the despeiatc offspring of despair; and
that our own brave soldiers should be restored to
their families and friends, rather than be further
sacrificed to the designs of those who would pro-
tract the \v;i r for plunder or power? Each party
to the contest has exhibited that courage and en-
durance which will illustrate our annals in all
coming time. Each can boast of its heroes. 1
would to Heaven each had fewer martyrs to
mourn. Everywhere the prayers of millions are
being offered up for a return of peace. There is
scarcely a rude hamlet in the land in which the
cry of sorrow is not heard; nota household with-
out its seats made vacant by the destioying hand
of war; not a village which is not shrouded in the
drapery of woe, because of son sand brothers, hu^-
1 bands and fatheis, numbered anions the absent
! or slain. Are fiot these things alone sufficient to
I incline our hearts to peace, and to cause us to seek
j it wherever it may with honor be found? lie who
I m this hour of impending peril refuses to hearor
heed the wail of lamentation which comes up from
the hovels of the poor and unoffending, or to avail
himself of every honorable means to stay the
further-effusion of blood, is a wretch unfit to live
and too base to die. If asked how I would stop
the war, in a manner honorable to my country, I
would answer, cease robbing whole communities,
cease your vandal attempt to melt all mankind of
every race, color, and condition into one crude,
inorganic mass; cease to spurn the counsels of
the Union men of the rebellious Suites; cease to
place them upon a footing with traitors and reb-
els; cease to regard non-combatants, women and
children, as alien enemies fit only to be plun-
dered. Placc your armies under the control of
those who war only upon armed enemies, and
who will make the fing of your country a sure
protection to all who, during the long night of re-
bellion, have so eagerly watched its coming. Let
your only object in fighting be, and so declare it
to the world, to putdown rebellion, restore all the
States to the Union, protect and defend the Con-
stitution with all its guarantees. Let. your Pres-
ident annul those proclamations which stamp him
as a usurper, and offer amnewty and pardon in
good faith to all who will lay down their arms and
take an oath to suppoi t, not his free-negro procla-
mations, but the Constitution of the United States.
Do this, and before the breath of spring has
melted the ice from your northern Jakes, the ar-
mies of rebellion will have melted away. Such a
result is foretold by all who arc familiar with the
temper and feelings of the people of the South,
no less than by till the teachings of history.
England has tried for centuries to anglicize Ire-
land by the hand of political and religiousinequal-
ity; the result is that the Irish as a class are as
alien to England as they were one hundred years
ago. For ages Russia has pursued asimiiarpol-
lcy in regard to Poland; the result is that all Eu-
rope isnt this momentconvulscd because the first
military Power of the world cannot learn that the
prejudices of a whole people can be removed only
by confidence, forbearance, and respect. Sir, it
is not to* consideiations of humanity alone that I
look in urging upon you a total change of the pol-
icy which animates our rulers in the conduct of
the war. I have said that the fate of the nation
is involved; that the perpetuity of the Union and
the liberties of the people of the North are imper-
iled. I know how difficult it is to reach the ear
of the President or touch the understanding of his
advisers. While all military operations are sus-
pended and our armies compelled to remain in-
active because of the rigors of winter, the White
House is besieged by an army of officials whose
suiest passportto promotionisa blind and slavish
admiration of him who dispenses power and pa-
tronage. He hears nothing but from sycophants;
heeds nothing which is not laudatory of his great-
ness; reads nothing but fulsome praises of his
administrative abilities, and hearkens to no coun-
sel which does notassuie him of a reelection. To
such an extentdocs this mantaforredection con-
trol him, that only a few evenings since he attended
a model artist's exhibition in this Hall, at which
an unsexed woman nominated him forreeleciion.
It \va« done in his personal presence, amid the
applause of the ladies and gentlemen, courtesans
and contractors, parasites and placemen, then and
there assembled. While our sentinels were freez-
ing at their posts; while brothers were perishing
by slow degrees in a hostile conflict, tendered
doubly appalling by the fury of the elements, the
Chief Magistrate of the country was in attendance
at a political " Canterbury," where the chicf and
most ludicrous act was hm own nomination for
reelection. The performance being unique, of
course the attendance was large. The chief po-
litical (fiinseuse proposed the name of Abraham
Lincoln, as previously arranged bythc managers,
and all the attaches said yea, as they thought of
their days of lengthened official repose in Abra-
ham's bosom.
Every cloud is said to have a silver lining, and
the worst of evils not to be wholly inseparable
from good; and should the people again elect" the
