386
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
honestest man in Springfield "to the Presidency,
may we not hope for some change in the personnel
of the Government? The brave and intrepid Sum-
ner may yet command the army of the Potomac;
Fred. Douglass may yet succeed the irrepressible
Seward; while the " political woman" may be in-
stalled as grand inspector of the royal household.
Doubtless whqna few more strong-minded women
have gathered around the Capitol the avenue will
emit a sweeter fragrance, quite as delightful as the
odor of the presidential mansion on New Year's
day, when greasy negroes wece presented to the
President amid the blandest smiles of their fair
country womenofAmerican descent. What Amer-
ican citizen who witnessed the animating scene did
not rejoice at the rapid social progress the coun-
try has made under the rule of Abraham the First?
Our colored friends, who under former adminis-
trations dared not obtrude themselves at the White
House, are now allowed to be gallant to the esti-
mable ladies of high officials, while that high func-
tionary, the President, looks approvingly upon
.the bewitching scene. Amid so many gay and
festive scenes as are daily transpiiingat the White
House, it is unreasonable to expect that the Pres-
ident can bestow much attention upon public af-
fairs. The crowds of daily visitors, male and
female, black and white,are so large and contin-
uous that his Excellency's time is chicfly con-
sumed in thanking the different delegations who
are sent to invoke his acceptance of a second official
term. With his surroundings, it cannot be ex-
pected that he will hear or heed those who believe
that his reelection will be the greatest calamity
which can befall our country. Were lie disposed
to give thought or attention to the mutterings of
fearful apprehension and discontent which are
audible throughout the North, I would commend
to him the words of Sir Francis Bacon, who,
whatever else he might have been, was the pro-
foundest thinker of his age. Said he:
" As for discontents, tiicy aro in the liody-politic lilco tn
humors in the natuial, which aro apt lo gather a pretejnat-
uial hent ami to inflame; and lot no pi nice me.iniite the
danger of tliein by tin®, whether (hey be jint or unjuvt, foi
that were to imagine people to he juo reasonable, who do
otien spurn at their own good ; 1101 yet by tins', ivfwlherthc
gt icf's who cupon they i isc he in fad great orsntall) lor they
are the ino^t dangerous discontents wheto the feat is gi eater
than the feeling. Dolcndimodustimcndinonilcm. Be<ide<,
in great oppiossions the same things that ^invoke the pa-
tience do withal mete the coinage, but m feai-i it NnotMi
Neither let any prince or state be scctne concerning discon-
tentments because they have been often or have been iong,
nnd yet no peril inuh endued ; foi, as it is true that eveiy
vapor or funic cloth not lelurn into a storm, so it is never-
theless true that stoims, though they do blow over divers
tunes, yet may fall ntl.i-t, anil, as the Spanish ptovetb notcili
well, 'The cord breakt-th at last by the weakest pull.'"
I will not assume that the President is one of
those who can neither learn nor forget anything.
He han learned boldness as a usurper, and how
to be false to his pledges. But, if I may be per-
mitted to appeal to the selfishness of his peculiar
admirers, 1 would suggest that a further continua-
tion of war in a manner which involves unneces-
sarily such vast expenditures of life and treasure,
is not the surest way to perpetuate power; and
those who have so suddenly acquired fortunesby
availingthemselves of the publiecalamittos might
pause to ask if peace will not more surely secure
their present gains than war add an increase of
store. There is a pointofenduranee beyond winch
even nations cannot go—a precipice winch they
cannot safely approach. T fear we are already
standing at its verge, beyond which the yawning
gulf of social and financial ruin awaits us all. A
people hitherto unaccustomed to taxation, with
no knowledge of a public debt but traditionary
horror of its miseries, is suddenly called upon to
eonfronta national indebtedness ofover two thou-
sand millions! These figures are startling, yet
the sum is increasing at the rate of more than two
millions per day, presaging inevitable paralysis
and bankruptcy to all. No interest is too great,
no industry too stjiall, no investment too secure,
to escape the storm which is gathering and im-
pending over us. The annual interest upon our
public indebtedness, at six per cent, per annum,
will amount to over one hundred and twenty mil-
lions—nearly twice the amount of the ordinaly
annual estimates of the expenses of the Govern-
ment under former Administrations, nearly double
the sum ofourannual average expenditures during
the Administration which waged the war with
Mexico. If wc grant that this indebtedness has
been necessary or unavoidable, the figures still
stare us in the face, suggestive of a future finan-
cial crisis which a wise statesmanship would seek
to palliate or avoid. How this in my judgment
can best be done, I have indicated in what I have
already said. What disasters your policy will force
upon the country I shall not attempt to portray.
You seem not to be wholly insensible to the dan-
ger, though you have manifested your unfitness
for meeting or avoiding it.
True, you may for a while delude youv victims
by pointing to the abundance of money which is
seekinginvestment, stimulating the marts of busi-
ness and enlivening the avenues of trade; but a
day of those panics which logically follow inflated
issues of paper, and which feed upon the fears of
commerceand industry, will remove the delusion.
Then the people will learn that money is not mere
promises to pay, that wealth consists notin what
they owe themselves; and that the elevation ofthe
negro to social and political equality with the
whites is a poor equivalent for national bank-
ruptcy, repudiation, and ruin. For days and
weeks your ingenuity has been sorely tried in de-
vising some mode by which immense sums of ad-
ditional taxation may be wrung from the pockets
of a hitherto uncomplaining people. Every step
you have taken butdisclosed the magnitudeof the
amounts already expended, and the additional
sums you propose to squander. Taxes heretofore
imposed with caution, and submitted to reluctant-
ly by the people, are now to be doubled and quad-
rupled. Labor which only staggered under blows
hitherto inflicted, is soon to be paralyzed by in-
creased burdens; prices which have advanced ar-
ticles of necessity to the poor almost beyond their
reach, are to be pushed to the point which wholly
prohibits them; while gold, the only true repre-
sentative of values, is to be banished from the
country, or hoarded until bankruptcy shall have
left the labor and industry of our once happy
land to the mercies of the miser and his capital.
The full details of your mammoth schemes of tax-
ation cannotnowbe known; but the country may
rest assured that every interest will soon feel the
shock of your inexorable demands. While their
sons and brothers are being unwillingly dragged
into the Army by a more rigorous conscription, or
forced to give their all to avoid its requirements,
an army of volunteer tax-gatherers is being or-
ganized for a campaign throughout the free States
of the North. There is not a conscript or pri-
vate among them. Each is a veteran volunteer;
each carries the commission and wears the badge
of his master. Already they are beginning to
hover around the cabins of the poor. As carrion
birds instinctively scent their prey, so they can
discern from afar the pittance of the poor. But I
prefer that time shall unfold to them the sufferings
and indignities which they are yet to endure. I
pray they may have the courage and the patriot-
ism to feel that their country demands the sacri-
fice they are soon to make. History, while it
teaches that its laws are, in the main, general and
unerring, has recorded certain apparent excep-
tions. To these exceptions we are apt to recuras
safe precedents when the logic of events begins to
expose our fallacies. In my judgment those who
regard a public debt so enormous as ours as a
public blessing, or who alleet to see no danger in
attempting to wring from the people the burdens
which your taxation imposes, willfind themselves
mistaken. England, which for ages has ground
her poor to pay the expenses of ambitious min-
isters, has suddenly become a model government
with many of the supporters of this Administra-
tion, while, in Dixie, the adherents of Davis have
discovered that a limited monarchy is the best
guarantor of constitutional freedom. Whatever
England may now be, this we know, that she has
attained her prpsent position by protracted wars
and oppressive taxation; and if you who boast of
England as a model of good government will only
inform our peopleof the road she has traveled, and
point them to the privations of her poor, I shall
have increased confidence in the future good for-
tunesof my country. Sidney Smith, whose name
alone suggests to all intelligent men who and what
he was, left nothing more valuable to mankind
than his picture of the costs of war and the ex-
ponsoof national glory. This is what ho tells us
of the condition of Englishmen a« a consequence
of warand taxation. Addressing himself directly
to Americans, he said:
u We can inform Brother Jonathan what are the inevita-
ble consequences of being too fond of glory. Tuxes upon
every article which enters into the mouth, or covers the
back, or is placed under the foot; taxes upon everything
which it is pleasant to see,hear, feel, smell, or taste; taxes
upon warmth, light, and locomotion 5 taxes on everything
011 earth and the waters under the earth, on everything that
comes from abroad, oris grown at home; taxes on the raw
mateiidl; taxes on every fres>h value that is added to it by
the industry of man; taxes on the sauce which pampers
man's appetite, and the drug that restores him to health;
011 the ermine which decorates the judge, and the rope
which hangs the criminal; on the poor man's salt and the
rich man's spiee; on the brass nails of the coffin and the
ribbonsof the bride; at bed or board, couchant or levant,
we must pay. The school-boy whips his taxed top; the
beardless youth manages his taxed horse with a taxed bri-
dle, on a taxed road; and the dying Englishman: pouring his
medicine, which has paid seven percent., into a spoon that
has paid fifteen per cent., flings himself back upon his chintz
bed, which has paid twenty-two per cent., and expires in
the arms of an apothecary who has paid a license of one
hundred pounds for the privilege of putting him to death.
IIit? whole property is then immediately taxed from two to
ten per cent. Besidesthe probate, large fees are demanded
for burying him in the chancel; his virtues are handed
down to posterity on taxed marble; and he is then gathered
to his fathers—to be taxed no moie."
Sir, none of u3 would have supposed four years
ago that this picture of misery and oppression
would be so soon presented to us as a terrible
reality. But it is so. Nor will this generation
live to see the shackles of taxation stricken from
their limbs. Far off in the distant future, gene-
rations yet unborn will bewail the load of debt
which is being entailed upon them by the mad-
ness of the times. I implore you in their name
to retrace your steps, and that you listen to the
voice of those who point you to the Constitution
as the only road which leads to a lasting union
and a permanent peace. Ad$ffirfence to that in-
strument will speedily end 'tins terrible war; it
will secure and perpetuate the public repose. The
friends of the Constitution look confidently to the
approach of the November elections. Upon the
result we stake the life of the Constitution, the
perpetuation of empire. The armies of the De-
mocracy are ready for the conflict. Their num-
bers already may be counted by millions. What-
ever in the past their faults and errors may have
been, they never oppressed the citizen orusuiped
doubtful or forbidden powers. Their past con-
flicts with the enemies of constitutional union will
reanimate every heart and nerve the weakest arm.
Their past history in warring against despotism
and usurpation is a guarantee that they will not
abuse power intrusted to them by the people.
They will recognize as brothers all who vindicate
the Constitution and cling to that Union which it
made. Though the terrible convulsions of the
times have driven many of its southern leaders
into the armies of rebellion, though many of its
once-honored chieftains in the North have yielded,
like Judas, to the temptations of power, and are
now among the basest of the venal tribe, that
grand old party has lost nothing of its ancient
prestige or moral power. Its expurgation has
been thorough, its purification complete. Its But-
lers, Dickinsons, Busteeds, and Milroys of the
North, its treasonable leaders of the South, no
longer defile the temple sacred to the true defend-
ers ofthe Constitution. In their place we have all
that was most respectable of the old-line Whigs,
those who still cherish the teachings of their il-
lustrious leaders, Webster and Clay. Honest
Republicans will rally around our standard; and
even the Know-Nothings—those who affected to
tremble at the power of the Pope—will eagerly
join that party which, in upholding the Consti-
tution, secures freedom of conscience to all. Al-
ready they have learned that there is more to
be feared from the unlicensed power of usurpa-
tion at home than from all the bulls which ever
emanated from the Papal see. I say to the
friends of constitutional union everywhere, be
of good cheer. Hope illumines the future. The
prize for which we contend is no less than the
Constitution which our fathers ordained. It has
borne us safely and securely amid the dangers of
the past; if we are true to ourselves now we will
rescue it from the hands of its destroyers, and.
bearing it aloft everywhere, we will point to its
pure and ample folds as the only harbinger of
peace, the sole bond of union among the States,
the last citadel in which the citizen may find se-
curity and defy the oppressor's power.
Mr. ARNOLD. I desire to say a single word
before the committee rises in reply to the remarks
made by my colleague.
Mr. Chairman, it is by the agency of speeches
