8384
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 29,
fore steadily voted against commutation. The
Senate passed a bill that was tolerably accept-
able, I believe, to those who haveentertained the
views that I have entertained on that subject, and
sent it to the House of Representatives. It has
come back in the shape in which it now stands
upon our table; and one of the provisions which
now is under consideration the Senator says is
recommended to us from the fact that it was pro-
posed by a member, I believe, from a slave State
and adopted at his instance. If that be so, the
whole bill is commended to us upon the same
consideration, for I understand that the whole bill
was drafted by him.
Now, what was the bill as itstood when wecom-
mcnced acting on it? It declared that any person
who might be drafted under its provisions might
furnish a substitute; that that substitute should, if
he were enlisted for one year, be paid $200 bounty,
for two years $400 bounty. The third section,
that being the section now under consideration,
allowed recruiting from the rebel States of col-
ored men. 1 suppose that if the man who was
drafted in the State of Massachusetts or Iowa
could go to Louisiana or Mississippi and find the
man who claimed the title to a colored man then*,
he could get a ft;e simple title to him for fifty dol-
lars. All then that would be necessary for him to
do under the provisions of this bill, which is thus
commended to us as having been drawn by a gen-
tleman from a slave State, would be to enlist tin's
man to the service, the title to whom he had se-
cured for fifty dollars, draw his #400, and make
$350 by the operation. That is the bill which is
commended to us as having been drawn by a mem-
ber of Congress from a siave State!
I do not propose to enter into a criticism at this
time of various other sections of the bill other
than the third section now under consideration.
This section as it now stands authorizes the Ex-
ecutives of the several States to send recruiting
agents into the States in rebellion, there to recruit
colored men with which to fill up the quotas of
their own States. I object to that. In the first
place, I believe His an inhuman provision. I do
not doubt that by some State Executives it may
be properly exercised; but aie not the transac-
tions last autumn in the city of New York fresh in
the recollection of the Senator from Massachu-
setts, the chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs? Do not you remember that it was impos-
sible for a gentleman to send his butler to the
market, and that man not be captured, and the
first thing that the master would know of his ser-
vient he would find him with a uniform on at
Itikci's island ? Are you willing that Mr. Sey-
mour, or some of the other Governors of States,
shall send thnr emi«rant-iuimers down into Mis-
sissippi,and that there upon common ground, with-
in the lines of your armies, there shall be a cloud
of emigrant-runners, of those iceruiting officers,
each contesting and appealing against the other
attempting to secure recruits to fill up your quota 3
How will it alfeot your quartermaster's depart-
ment? How will it affect the men m your com-
missary department? Do you suppose it will be
possible for you to secure laboreis? It is com-
plained constantly that we are not recruiting as
many eoloied men into the lanks of the Army as
we ought. I am to hi by those familiar with the
subject thut we have a very considerable army.
I think the Senator from Massachusetts said we
had one hundred and fifty thousand of them the
other day.
Mr. \V ILSON. That was a misunderstanding,
1 think. 1 stud I thought we had one bundled
and forty or one hundred ami fifty thousand in the
employment of the United Slates, about eighty
or nineiy thousand of them being soldiers, and
the rest laborers in the quai teirrmstei's depart-
ment and commissary department. We have a
gieal number there, butless than wo want. I was
told by the Secretary of War the other day that
he would be glad to get forty thousand ot these
men as laborers.
Mr. GRIMES. That was justthe point 1 was
going to come at. 1 am told by officers of the
Army who are familiar with the subject that theie
are as many men in the employment of the med-
ical department, of the quaitei master and commis-
sary and ordnance departments oftheAimy us
there are enrolled in the regiments; that there are
somewhere in the neighborhood of ninety thou-
sand men thusenrollcd; and that there is not more
than halfenough tosupply the demand for labor-
ers m these various departments. Now, would
it be wise, I ask Senators, to allow the Governor
from my State, from Ohio, and from the various
other States to send their agents down within the
lines of the Army and there, without any restric-
tions—for this section does not even declare that
this recruiting shall be done under the superin-
tendence or in accordance with the rules arid reg-
ulations to be established by the Secretary of
War;athe power is put completely in the hands
of the Governors; there is no power reserved any-
where to regulate the manner and the terms on
which this recruitment shall be made—will it
then, I say, be discreet and wise for us to author-
ize the Governors of these States to go down within
the lines of your Army, and there to use all the
blandishments, all the threats, all the oppressions
that these agents choose to use in order to procure
recruits to fill up the quotas of the respective
States? It occurs to me that a more wild and
suicidal, and I would say ridiculous scheme could
not be devised. I trust that it is hardly neces-
sary for me to pursue the sub ject further. 1 judge
from the countenances of Senators around me
that all are prepared to vote for striking out this
suction, or else to votefor thesubstitute proposed
by the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. TKN EYCK. 1 wish to say in a word
thai I shall vote for the amendment proposed by
the Senator from Ohio. Theie have been many
important consideiations urged in its favor, and
I shall not recapitulate them. There is, however,
one consideration that presses itself upon my
mind, and that is the national honor. 1 believe
there is such a thing yet left as the national honor.
The purpose of this section, if 1 understand it, or
at least the effect of it, will be to fill up our armies
in the time to come entirely, or almost entnely,
with black men, and to enable the while men of
the North lo lenuun at home in the puisuit of
their ordinary business, some to devote them-
selves to their meichandise, others who may
have bought yokes of oxen to woik them, and
otheis to mairy wives, and nil to grow rich by
the increase ol prices under the necessity of the
times. Why, sir, under the circumstances grow-
ing out of this war and the increase of prices,
there is scarcely a man in business, in agriculture,
merchandise, or pursuing any of the industrial
active pursuits of life, who in one week, if not m
one day, cannot make money enough to purchase
some half dozen of these substitutes, or to furnish
means to acquire half a dozen of these substitutes.
1 will not say, as the Senator from Missouri
has said, that this will b'1 likely to lead to kid-
napping, but 1 fear it will lead to the enactment
of the ancient disgraceful scenes over the auction
blotk, which have brought infamy and disgrace
on lias country abroad. 1 fear if the loyal, pa-
tuotic white men of this country are to be left at
home in tin* pursuit of ihen lawful money-mak-
ing business and the battle is to be finally fought
by colored men exclusively, that battle winch we
expected to have been won will be lost and our
credit and our character sullied forever.
That, sir, is one of the reasons why i shall sup-
port the amendment of the Senator from Ohio,
national honor being involved m this question,
and shall oppose the thud section of this bill as
proposed by the Senate Committee on Military
Allans.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Mr. President, before there
is further discussion I desire to state a little of the
history by which this bill has been thrust in its
present state upon the Senate. 1 cannotsit in my
seat here, as one of the Military Committee,and
be chaiged with having given my consent to its
being; presented in the form m winch you find it.
If I understand it coitectly, at any rate so far as
my mfoimation goes, tins bill was taken up this
morning in that committee, and icceived but a
slight attention. There was an earnest dissent
from almost all its provisions expressed, i think,
by almost every member of that committee, but
by the courtesy of the committee it was permitted
to he over and to go to the authorities, and there
receive some investigation, with the understand-
ing that it was, to-morrow, to be discussed by the
committee. This afternoon a very few of the
membeis of the committee were taken together,
and amendment proposed to it putting it in its
present shape, and here we have it before the
Senate.
Mr. WILSON. I hope the Senator will allow
me to say a word. I am surprised at such a re-
mark as that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will suggest that it is out of order to refer to the
proceedings of a committee.
Mr. WILSON. Not only is it out of order,
but it is not true.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I bc^ the Senator's pardon
if I am out of order, or if it is not true.
Mr. WILSON. I t is not true nor just.
Mr. SPRAGUE. But, sir, here is one of the
most important measures coming before the Sen-
ate stamped with the approval of the Military
Committee, by a majority of them, when if I am
correctly informed it does not come with their
assent. It may come with their tacit assent.
I have no doubt the chairman of the committee
feels that he has their assent, and felt it when
the question whs presented. I have no doubt
of that. But, sir, when a measure so important
as this to the interests of the country, so import-
ant to the interests of the military service and to
the cause, comes before the Senate, and the mem-
bers of (hat committee receive the strictures by
which Senators have met the bill, I cannot rest
in my seat without at any rate suggesting to the
Senate the manner in which it has been presented.
Mr. WILSON. I am lather surprised at the
statement made by the Senator from Rhode Island.
I daio say the Senator wishes to put himself right
and to do injustice to no other member of the
committee, but he has certainly doneso in there-
mailcs that he has made. I know that it is hardly
proper to speak of what took place in the com-
mittee. { will say, ho wever, that the bill came up
and no vote whatever was taken upon it and no
expression of opinion that would indicate precisely
how the committee would vote, if a vote did take
place. There were Senators who expressed
themselves dgainst it, otheis expressed themselves
ayjainatit unless amendments were made. It was
thought best that this bill, so important to the
con mry, should have a careful examination, and
that the War Departmentshould see the bill,and
we should hear any suggestions that might be
properly made from the Department. I left my
place in the Senate to-day, which I very seldom
do, because 1 was pressed up from all quarters;
everybody said we must act on this measure at
the earliest moment; and I went to the WarDo
partment, and my name stands upon the record
as hejuir absent on a vote to-day, arpd that is a
thing that larely takes place in the Senate. I read
the hill to persons whom I knew understood
something about tins matter; the points were dis-
cussed over; and I maiked them down. I came
back to the Senate and proposed to members to
hold a meeting of the committee this evening at
six o'clock in order to pass upon it so as to bring
it in this evening. It was su^ested by the Sen-
ator from New York [Mr. Morgan] and the Sen-
ator from Indiana [Mr. Lane] that we had better
j act promptly and hold a meeting then. Hooked
! about the Senate. The Senator from Rhode
island was not piesent; but the Senator fiom Mis-
souri, the Senator from Indiana, the Senator from
New York, and myself held a consultation in the
committee upon this bill, all who were present or
could be found about the Capitol, and the amend-
ments that have been proposed to-night were the
result; and I think everybody will admit that they
were generally improvements, for they have been
geneially sustained.
Mr. BROWN. I suppose the Senator does not
mean to imply that I assented to the bill?
Mr. WILSON. No, sir; but I say a majority
of the committee reported these amendments, and
the Senator concurred m the amendment, but
said he was opposed to the bill.
Mr. BROWN. Yes, sir.
Mr. WILSON, The Senator from NewYork,
the Senator from Indiana, and myself reported m
favor of the bill, being a majonty of the commit-
tee present. If the Senator from Rhode Island
had been present at the meeting, and I am sure I
should have been glad to have every member of
the committee present, the vote would have been
the same and the bill would have been reported.
There was no effort made by any member of the
committee to take a snap judgment, but an hon-
est desire to get the best measure we could, and
to consult those who would have the administra-
tion of it to some little extent, and to get the matter
