THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
like that to which the committee have listened to-
day, so far as they may have any influence at ali,
and like that made by the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Fernando Wood] yesterday, that this
war is to be prolonged. Such utterances made j
upon this floor uphold the hands of the rebels and
encourage them to persevere in the war they are
making upon the Government.
In order that the position of those gentlemen
may not be misunderstood, and to recall to the
recollection of the country the position which the
friends of the gentleman from Illinois occupy, I
desire to call the attention of the committee to a
plank in the fSJatform which the political friends
of my colleague adopted at Springfield in June
last. It will be remembered that at that time one
hundred thousand gallant soldiers of Illinois were
the fluid, seeking to open for the purposes of
commerce, and to restore to the flag of the coun-
try, the great river of the West. It will be re-
membered that at that time General Grant and the
distinguished predecessor (General Logan) of my
colleague, [Mr. W. J. Allen,] and their brave
associates, were seeking to reduce the stronghold
of Vicksburg; that General Banks was before
Port Hudson, and the rebel General Lee was pre-
paring to invade the North. It was at that dark
period of the rebellion and the war that the polit-
ical friends of my colleague, who has just taken
his scat, met together at Springfield for the pur-
pose of adopting such measures as they thought
the exigencies of the country required. And they
gathered there, not only those who sympathized
with him in the State of Illinois, but the friends
of Vallandigham from Ohio, and the friends of the
distinguished gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Fernando Wood,] and those who sympathized
with him in his peculiarviews in regard to the war.
And when they were gathered there for the pur-
pose, I suppose, of aiding our gallant soldiers in
the field, who were fighting for the old flag, and
to sustain the Administration that was using the
entire power and energies of the Government to
put down the rebellion, these gentlemen adopted
a resolution which I will send to the Cleik's desk
and ask to have read.
The Clerk read, as fallows:
"SPRINGFIELD, June 17.
" The D"moei:itie mr\<ss meeting here to-day u\n laigcly
attended, and parsed offhannomon-ly. The Democrats es-
timate the number present fiom seventy-five thousand to
one hundred thousand. There was s,rcatcheering, for Val-
haidigham. William A. Richardson presided, with fifty
vice presidents. Speeches weio made by Messrs. Iheluml-
son, Vomliee'ss, Cox ofOhio, Lyle, Dickey, General McKin-
strv. Dick Mftinek, II. 0. Dean, and some twenty others.
''Rcsolred, That the further offensive prosecution of the
war tends to Hihveit the Constitution and Gov eminent, and
entail upon the nation all the disastiou^ eoiiMMjiioneey ol
misrule and anarchy; that we aie in favor of peaee upon
the bacjs of tin* regulation of the Union, and lor the aeeom
pliihment ot which we piopo^e a national convention to
settle upon teimn of p'jaee. which '•hall have m view the
regulation of the Pinon a- it wa-, and vcentin^ hy consti-
tutional amendments pucIi rjshN to the s-eveied States and
the people rhet eot as honoi an dj list ice demand.*'—National
Intelligencer, June 90,1S63.
Mr. ARNOLD. I have only to say in regard
to that resolution, that if it had been can jed out at
the period when it was adopted, the Mississippi
river to-day would not have been open tooui com-
merce. The rebel flag would still hnve floated
over a larjie portion ofit. I f the spirit of that res-
olution had been carried out, the glorious victory
which those gallant men who do not sympathize
with the gentlemen in their peace resolutions and
speeches were struggling to gain would never j
hnve crowned our arms, if that resolution had j
been carried out, our Army would nevei have ac- j
complished its crowning triumph of Vicksburg, |
nor should we have had Gettysburg and Poit \
Hudson. i
No, Mr. Chairman, it is the friends, the pre-
tended friends of peace, who have weakened the
hands of the Administration, and their efforts aie
prolonging the war; it is they who are encouraging !
those who are fighting agamst ourcountry toper- !
severe. When we read, as we do day after day, j
of the exhausted condition of the rebels, giving ;
ground ofconfident hope and expectation thatthey 1
will ere long surrender, and tints this cruel war i
come to an end, we find these expectations are not j
realized, because of aid and encouragement given ;
to the rebels by the speeches made upon this floor, \
and elsewhere, such as we have listened to to-day. i
These speeches are canied to the South and eircu- I
lated there for the purpose of showing that there i
is a party here oiganized upon the basis of stop-
ping the war. The rebels infer that there is a
party here which, in the language of the resolu-
tion, is opposed to is the further offensive prosecu-
tion of the war." When the rebels see men in the
Congress of the United States, whether avowedly
or otherwise, seeking by these means, by attacks
upon the Administration, by attacks upon the
loyal men of the border States, such as we have
just heard, to paralyze the arm of the Govern-
ment, it affords encouragement to the almost ex-
hausted energies of the South, and they resolve
to hold out and prolong the struggle.
Now, this war will be ended when all this ccases,
and when the people of the North unite and all
rally to sustain the Administration in prosecuting
it with vigor. Sir, it will be ended when the
cause in which it originated shall cease to exist'.
As victory and freedom has extended South, loy-
alty has reappeared; so that liberty and loyalty
have gone together. As our victorious flag ex-
tends toward the Gulf, libei ty follows, and the
loyal people ii&e up and reassert themselves.
Such has been the result in Missouri, in Arkan-
sas, in Louisiana, in Tennessee, in Maryland, in
Kentucky, and m Western Virginia. Loyalty
and liberty go step by step, side by side, and so
they mustprogress until they shall have extended
to the Gulf, and there we shall have a homogene-
ous, free, and united people, with no cause to dis-
tract our future harmony.
1 have risen, Mr. Chairman, not to make any
extended reply to the remarks of my colleague,
but simply to call the attention of the House to
the resolution which has been read, and to suggest
to my colleague thuthe embody it in his speech as
an appendix to it, in order that, through the ap-
pendix so attached, the object, design, and pur-
pose of the speech may be better understood and
appreciated by those who read it.
Mr. BALDWIN obtained the floor, but yielded
it to
Mr. BRANDEGEE, who moved that the com-
mittee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Wasiidurnt, of Illinois,
reported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union hn'd had the Union generally
under consideration, and particukuly the special
order, being bill of the House No. 151, making
appropi iations for the naval service for the year
ending June 30,1865, and had come to no conclu-
sion thereon.
PROCEEDINGSIX ADMIRALTY.
Mr. ODELL, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to facilitate proceedings in admiralty
through judicial proceedings m the port of New
York, and for other purposes; which was lead a
first and second time, and refei red to the Commit-
tee on the J udiciary.
MONEY 0 TIDE It SYSTEM.
Mr. ALLEY, by unanimous consent, reported
from the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads a hill establishing a postal money order
system; which was lecommiucd to the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Itoads, and ordered
to be printed.
And then, on motion of Mr. ALLEY, (at thirty-
five minutes past four o'clock, p. m.,) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, January 28, 1SG4.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Stts*derl vxd.
The Journal ofyesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report from the Secretary of War, commu-
nicating, in compliance with law, statements of the
expendituics at the national armories, and of the
arms, appendages, and spate parts made theieat
for the years ending respectively June 30, 18G1,
June 30, and June 30, hS63; which, on mo-
tion of Mr. Wilson, was referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Alfaiis and the Militia, and ordered
to be pi mted.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. MORGAN presented the petition ofGeorge
H. Broadhead, Thomas E. Brown, and others,
citizens of New York, praying for the establish-
ment of a uniform hospital and ambulance sys-
tem for the armies of the United States; "which
was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. HOWE presented a petition of citizens of
Wisconsin, praying that the reciprocity treaty
may be so modified as either to prevent the admis-
sion of lumber from Canada, or that such a tax
may be imposed as will prevent undue competi-
tion to the detriment of our own citizens; which
was referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions.
Mr. VAN WINKLE presented resolutions of
the Legislatuie of the State of West Virginia, in
favor of the passage of an act providing foT the ad*
equate and permanent improvement of the navi-
gation of the Ohio river; which were referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
pri nted.
Mr. GRIMES. I present a memorial of the
mayor, recorder, aldermen, and common council
of the city of Georgetown, who represent that
by an act of Congiess passed in 1820 incorpora-
ting the city ot Washington, this city was required
to pay one half of the expenses of the orphans'
court and other expenses incident to the county of
Washington under the control of the levy court,
and that by the act of 1826 the corporation of the
city of Georgetown was required to pay one fourth
of those expenses; that at that time the population
of Georgetown was about one halfthat of the city
of Washington, and therefore the proportion re-
quired to be paid by each corporation was fair
and equitable as between the two; but since that
time the population of Washington 'has greatly in-
creased beyond that of Georgetown, so that now
the proportion required to be paid by Georgetown
is far greater than the assessable property and the
amount of population in that city would justly re-
quire that it should pay. They therefore ask that
Congress will pass a bill makinga new apportion-
ment of these county expenses between Washing-
ton and Georgetown. I move that the memo-
rial be referred to the Committee on the District
of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I present the memorial of H.
French, a commander in the United States Navy,
who sets forth that he has been dealt with im-
properly by the naval retiring board. He repre-
sents that during the thirty-six years he has
served in the Navy there has not been an unfavor-
able report made of him to the Navy Department.
He therefore prays Congress to take such action
in his case as will afford him a full and impartial
investigation, that he may be restored to his right-
ful position in the Navy of the United States. As
this subject, I understand, is before the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs in some form for legislation,
I move the reference of this memorial to that
Committee.
The motion was agreed to.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom were referred sundry peti-
tions and memorials praying for a modification of
the fugitive slave law, and for the passage of an
act emancipating; all persons of African descent
held to service or labor in the United States, asked
to be discharged from their further consideration,
and that they be refei red to the select committee
on slavery and freedmen; which was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN, fiom the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred a bill (H.R. No.
34) making appropriation for the support of the
Military Academy for the year ending June 30,
1865, leported it with an amendment.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. GRIMES asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
81) to amend the charter of Georgetown, in the
Distiictof Columbia; which was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on the
Disfuct of Columbia.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent ob-
tained, leave to mtioduce a bill (S. No. 82) con-
cerning notaries public for the Distiict of Colum-
bia; which was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. HOWARD asked, and by unanimous con-
| sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
j 83) to amend an act confirming certain land claims
I in the State of Michigan; which was read twice
