1864
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1433
which poison shall not be a director or other officer in any
association whose atfuirs he shall be appointed to examine,
and who shall have power to make a thoiough examina-
tion into all the affairs of the association, and in doing
to examine any of the officers and agents thereof on oath ;
and shall make a full and detailed report of the condition
of the association to the Comptroller. And the association
shall not he subject to any other vi-itonal powers than such
as are authorized by this act, except such as are vested in
the several courts of law and chancery. And every person
appointed to make such examination shall receive lor Jus
bervices at the rate of five dollars for each day by him em-
ployed in such examination, and two dollars tor every
twenty-five miles he shall neees^arily travel in the perform-
ance of Ins duty, which shall be paid by the association by
him examined.
Under this power of examination "any one of
these institutions that happens to incur the dis-
pleasure of the Departmentcan be brokendown by
sending: persons "to make an examination of the
affairs, "&c., which may be ordered by the Comp-
troller with the approbation of the Secretary, at
any time; and if one set of persons appointed to •
examine as long as they choose, who must be paid
five dollars a day each, and two dollars for every
twenty-five miles traveled, by the institution un-
dergoing the examination, and the discredit of
being subjected to such examination, and the ex-
penses attending it, cannot break d-own the insti-
tution the first time trying, it may be repeated ad
infinitumt until the desired result is accomplished.
And who can doubt the influence that might be
exerted in consequence ofsuch power m the hands
of one who chose to use it?
It seems to have been forgotten, sir, in these
days of much talk about liberty and continual
practice of Federal usurpation, that this is a Gov-
ernment of the people; that all the lawful au-
thority of the governors comes from the consent
of the governed; in other words, that the power
proceeds fiom the people and the States to the
General Government, instead of going from the
Genera] Government to the States and the people.
If this is so, then it follows that all enactments
reversing this order, or tending to impair the law-
ful authority of the States within their own sev-
eral jurisdictions, or to encroach upon the sov-
ereignty of the people, are anti-democratic, anti-
republican.
And while I am for restoring and preserving the
Union as we received it from our fathers and en-
joyed it ourselves for many years, at any cost,
at any sacrifice, short of a surrender of our lib-
erties and our personal and local rights; and
while I should have very little hope of liberty in
a permanent Government of the people without
the Union, I see no use of and have no desire for
a Union without liberty; and if we must surren-
der all our vested rights, and give up that liberty
which alone made the old Union glorious, in or-
der to purchase it back, then, I say, the price is
too great.
I will not concede, as did my colleague, [Mr.
Brooks,] that Massachusetts is supreme, yet I
know she is mighty in these days; and I appeal
to he* to rememhei the teachings of her own great
statesman, and not sacrifice liberty -even upon the
altar of the Union. But give us ''liberty and
Union, one and inseparable, now and forever."
Mr. STEVENS. I understand from what
is said by gentlemen upon the other side of the
House that they are anxious to have the whole
substitute printed. All I. have to say is that that
Will make a great deal of printing for a very little
matter. The only difference between the bill as
amended by the Committee of the Whole and
that which is offered as a substitute is, that in the
substitute the late of interest is restored precisely
to what it was before and as it was piinted in the
original bill, and the clause in reference to State
and municipal taxation is inserted in the substi-
tute. These are the only two items changed by
the substitute from the bill as it now is. Now,
if gentlemen think it will be sufficient to print
those two amendments, it will save a gieat deal
of printing.
Mr. COX. I would inquire whether the sub-
stitute has in it the section in reference to the
Bank of Commerce which was in the original bill ?
Mr. STEVENS. It leaves out the sixty-third
section, which relates to the Bank of Commerce,
but contains a provision which was adopted by
the committee.
Mr. COX. The general provision which em-
bracer* ail banks ?
Mr. STEVENS. The general piovision as
adopted by the committee is in the substitute.
The substitute restores the uniform rate of inter-
est, and leaves out the clause relating to State and
municipal taxation of banks. But I have no kind
of objection, if gentlemen desire to have the whole
substitute printed.
Mr. BROOKS. We have the bill now printed
in the form in which it was laid before the House,
and also in a quarto foim. Now, as the type are
probably standing, it will not cost twenty-five
dollars to have the substitute printed. We can-
not act intelligently unless we have the original
bill and amendments—the amendments in italics
—and the proposed substitute printed. To the
original bill there are thirty or forty amendments,
and we cannot well consider them until they are
printed. We have, in fact, trusted the honora-
ble gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Hooper]
with the making of this bill, and 1 have no doubt
he has made it as he thinks, well, but it is the
right of the House—as we intend to call the yeas
and nays—to know upon each separate amend-
ment what they are voting on. It will be easy
for the Public Printer to lay this bill,either in this
form, or in the quarto form, upon our tables to-
morrow at one o'clock.
Mr. STEVENS. I have no desire that the
House shall act in the daik without time to ex-
amine the matter. I made a suggestion to the
House in reference to printing the two amend-
ments contained in the substitute, becausc that
would be a little less expensive, but to me it is of
no importance which course is pursued on any
other account. After 1 have moved the previous
question and it is seconded, the gentleman who
reported the bitl [Mr. Hooper] will have an hour,
and then I will move to postpone the bill and allow
it to go over till to-morrow, and in the mean time
the substitute can be printed. 1 do not myself
intend to occupy much time to-morrow. If the
substitute which substantially restores the original
bill shall be adopted, it will be an improvement
upon the old law as it now stands. It will £ive
a uniformity of interest throughout the various
States, and the question of taxation will be the
same as it now is in the original bill. If the sub-
stitute is adopted the only real amendment except
those that are mainly verbal will be that of a uni-
form rate of interest. If, however, the House
does not desire to have a uniform system, then 1
see no kind of use in pressing this bill further.
1 shall consider the vote on the substitute as a
test vote on the bill.
Mr. COX. I 'would like to make one sugges-
tion to the gentleman fiom Pennsylvania; The
memberH upon this side of the House desire sep-
arate votes upon two or three of the amendments
adopted in Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union. They are in fact, contained m the
substitute of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
or at least it involves the same questions. I hope
that by unanimous consent the gentleman will
agtee to give us a vote by veas and nays on the
propositions about taxation, interest, and the
Bank of Commerce.
Mr. STEVENS. If I understand the rules of
the House aright, every gentleman has a right to
cail for a separate vote on each amendment.
The SPEAKER. There can be a separate vote
on each amendment. The Chair will state, in or-
der that the House may not be taken by surprise
to-monow, that if the substitute is moved to-doy,
and the piewous question is sustained upon the
substitute, and the amendments reported trom the
Committee o f the Whole on the state of the Union,
then the previous question cannot be reconsidered
until it is exhausted. If the House shall adopt
a part of the amendments of the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union and reject a part,
the substitute cannot then be altered. If, on the
contiary, the previous question is demanded on
the amendments alone, it will exhaust itself when
the amendments aie disposed of, and the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania can then move the sub-
stitute in any shape he sees fit.
Mr. COX. The vote will first, be taken on the
amendments reported from the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. Certainly, so as to perfect
the oiiginal bill.
Mr. STEVENS. I now call the previous ques-
tion, and I suppose I had better do it only en the
amendments reported by the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. BROOKS. Will the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania allow me an opportunity to say a word?
because it is the right and the duty of those of us
who are opposed to this whole business to explain
what we are after.
Mr. STEVENS. [ yield for a moment to the
gentleman from New York.
Mr. BROOKS. Our opposition to this measure
has been manifest. We know that the existing
law will be the law of Ihe country unless some
further legislation takes place. We are aware of
that; but if this bill is killed the original system
will in the end, by the action of this Congress, be
also killed, save as to the existing banks. What
we desire is to do away with the §300,000,000 of
bank currency, and that if the Government de-
sires more currency it be legal-tender currency;
in other words, that the currency be made by the
Government and not by the banks. That is what
we are after.
Mr. STEVENS. The opposition of gentlemen
u pon the other side of the House is perfectly legit-
imate. They, of course, were opposed to this
system from the start, and it is not at all surpris-
ing that they are opposed to it now. The gentle-
men are pursuing a perfectly legitimate and con-
sistent course in opposing the measures recom-
mended by the Administration.
Mr. HOOPER. I want to understand the state-
ment of the gentleman from New York, i wish
to know if he meant to include the circulation of
the State banks also, and to say that there shall
be no circulation issued either by these banks or
by the State banks, and that the whole circulation
shall be legal tender?
Mr. BROOKS. I will explain to the gentle-
man. My theory,and the theory, I suppose,of
the gentlemen who are now associated with me,
is that in this Federal Congress we have nothing
to do with State banks; that that is a matter for
State legislation and dependent upon the State
governments. .We are not legislating for the
States. What I mean to say is that if the Gov-
ernment desires more paper money and deems it
necessary we prefer it in the form of legal tender
created by the Government rather than in a cur-
rency created by the banks.
Mr. HOOPER. What I wish to know is if the
gentleman intends that the State banks shall share
with the Government the right to furnish this
circulation?
Mr. BROOKS. I think I have answered the
gentleman's question.
Mr. STEVENS. I myself would prefer legal
tender to the circulation of these banks, either
State or national. I will join with the gentleman
from New York in a measure of that kind, for the
issue of*what shall take the place of the circulat-
ing medium of the banks of this country, so as to
put the legal-tender notes in a better shape and
make them more beneficial to the Government. I
should have some little fear that the gentleman
from New York will not be able to take enough
of his friends with him on that side ot the House
to countervail the few gentlemen on this side who
always think and act for themselves, and we
should lose them both. Hence it is that I am for
taking a vote on this first; and now I move the
pievious question on the amendments reported
from the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered.
Mr. COX. 1 move that the bill and amend-
ments, with the substitute of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] be printed.
Mr. STEVENS. The substitute is not before
the House, but if there be no amendment it can
be ordeied to be printed.
Theie was no objection; and the biil and amend-
ments as reported from the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, together with
Mr. Stevens's substitute, were ordered to be
printed.
The SPEAKER. The substitute is received
for the purpose of being printed, and also to be
voted on as one of the amendments; but the pre-
vious question will be exhausted before the third
reading of the bill is reached; and then if the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania desires to amend it he
can do so. _ __
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I move that the House
do now adjourn. , , .
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
four o'clock, p. m.) the House adjourned.
