THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January $8,
fyy its title, and referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands.
Mr. MORRILL asked,and by ananimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
84) to incorporate the Metropolitan Gas-Light
Company in the District of Columbia; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia.
DISTRICT BUSINESS.
Mr. GRTMES. 1 move that three weeks from
to-day be set apart for the transaction of business
relating especially to the District of Columbia.
The Senator from Vermont [Mr. Collamer] sug-
fests that we had perhaps better have two days;
ut other gentlemen tell me that if we cannot get
through the District business in one day they will
give us two days.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Iowa moves that this day three weeks, being:
Thursday, the 18th of February, be assigned spe-
cially for the consideration of business relating to
the District of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to, two thirds of the
Senate agreeing thereto.
INVESTIGATING COMMITTEES.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I offer the following res-
olution, and ask for its present consideration:
Resolved, That in nil sessions of committees to take the
testimony of witnesses in leiation to any matter of fact
pertaining to the conduct or any Department of the Gov-
ernment or of any branch thereof, the head of such Depart-
ment shall be requested to employ some proper and com-
petent person to aid in the examination ami cross-exam-
ination of witnesses", ami to furnish any other evidence or
proof pertinent to the matter inquired into.
Mr, HALE. Let that resolution lie over until
I can look into it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Being objected to,
it will lie over under the rule.
Mr. SHERMAN. I would rather have that
resolution referred, unless it comes from a com-
mittee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New Hampshire objects to its consideration, and
it lies over umlei the rule.
Mr. KALE. I have ho objection to its being
referred. I objected to it simply because 1 have
not read it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It lies over under
the rule.
ENLISTMENTS IN T1IE ARMY.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill (S. No.
41) to promote enlistments in the Army of the Uni-
ted States, and for other purposes, is now before
the Semite as in Committee of the Whole as the
unfinished business of the morning hour of yes-
terday. The pending question is on agreeing to
the amendment proposed by the Senator from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Henderson.]
Mr. CARL1LE. The Senator from Missouri
is not m his scat this morning, and 1 therefore
move that the bill he passed by for the present.
The VICK PRESIDENT. The Seiialm from
Vir gmia pi 0])0s<\s to postpone the further conaid-
eiotion of this bill until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
1'10 It U VI AN CLAIMS.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 move that the Senate post-
pone ail prior orders, and proceed to the consul-
tation of the bill reported from the Committee on
F«n Relations, m puisuanee of a recommend-
atnm of the President to pay the chums recently
allowed l.y the commission appointed under a con-
vt nt'on between the United States and Pern.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
6.)) to pnnide for the payment of the claims of
Peruvian citizens, undei the convention between
tii" United Slates and Peiu, of the 12th of Jan-
uary, 1863, was read a second tune, and consid-
ered as m Committee of the Whole. It directs
that for the purpose of discharging the obligations
of the United States, under the convention with
Peru, of the 12ih of January last, there be paid
to Stephen G. Montano,or to his legal represent-
atives, in the current money of the United States,
the sum ot £41,782 38; and to Juan del Cainien
V< r<r« !, or his Ie«;al representatives, the sum of
$1,170, in the silver money of the United States,
01 MS < quivaient.
Tile bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, otderud to be uncrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
AMENDMENT OF HOMESTEAD LAW.
Mr. CONNESS. I move to take up Senate
bill No. 60, which was laid over yesterday at the
request of the Senator from New Hampshire,
[Mr. Clark.] He now consents to go on with
it, and it will take but a short time.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S,No.
60) amendatory of the homestead law, and for
other purposes, was considered as in Committee
of the Whole.
The bill provides that in the case of any person
desirous of availing himself of the benefits of the
homestead act of INlay 20,1862, but who, by rea-
son of actual service m the land or naval service
of the United States, is unable to do the personal
preliminary acts at the district land office which
that act requires, it shall and may be lawful for
such person to make the affidavit required by that
act before the officer commanding" in the branch
of the service in which he may be engaged, which
affidavit shall be as binding in law,and with like
penalties, as if taken before the register or re-
ceiver; and upon such affidavit being filed with
the register by the wife or other representative
of the party, shall become effective from the date
of filing, provided the application and affidavit are
accompanied by the fee and commissions, as re-
quired by law.
The second section provides that besides the
ten dollar fee exacted by the homestead act, the
applicant shall hereafter pay to the register and
receiver each, as commissions, at the time of en-
try, one per cent, upon the cash value of the land
applied for, and like commissions when the claim
is finally established and the certificate therefor
issued as the basis of a patent.
The third section provides that in any case
hereafter in which the applicant for the benefit of
the homestead is prevented, by reason ofdistance,
boddy infirmity, or other good cause, from per-
sonal attendance at the district land office, he may
make the affidavit required by the original stat-
ute before the clerk of the court for the county in
which lie is an actual resident, and transmit the
same, with the fee and commissions, to the regis-
ter and receiver.
The fourth section provides that in lieu of the
foe allowed by the twelfth section of the preemp-
tion act of 4th September, 1841, the register and
receiver shall each be entitled to one dollar for
their services in acting upon preemption claims,
and shall beallowed, jointly, at the rate of fifteen
cents per hundred woids for the testimony which
may be reduced by them to writing for claimants,
in establishing preemption or homestead rights.
By the fifth section whenevei any reservation is
introduced into market as public lands under ex-
isting laws, the Commissioner of tiie General Laud
Office may fix the minimum price at which such
lands shall be disposed of, but not to be less than
$J 25 per acre.
The sixth section provides that where a nrc-
emptor has taken the initiatory steps required by
existing laws in regard to actual settlement, and is
called away from such settlement by being actual-
ly engaged in the land or naval service of the Uni-
ted States, and by reason ofsuch absence is unable
to appear at the district land office, to make, before
the register or receiver, the affidavits required by
the thirteenth section of the preemption act ot
4th September, 1841, he may make that affidavit
before the officer commanding, and upon the pre-
sentation by the wife of the precmptor, or other
individual lawfully representing his interests,with
proof, establishing the validity of the preemption
to the satisfaction of the register and receiver, such
wife or representative may make payment m full
for the actual settlement, and make cutty thcreor
m the name of the pieemptor.
F>y the seventh section, the registers and receiv-
ers in the State of California arc to collect and re-
ceive fifty per cent in addition to the fees and al-
lowances piovtded by the act.
The Committee on Public Lands reported sev-
eral amendments to the bill. The first was in line
six of section one, to strike out the word *4 land"
and insert " nnlitaiy;" so as to make the clause
read,44 by leason of actual service in the military
or naval t>civice of the United States."
The amendment was agieed to.
The next amendment was after the word "re-
quires" in line nine of section one, to insert "and
whose family, or some member thereof, is resid-
ing on the land which he desires to enter, and
upon which a bona fide improvement and settle-
ment have been made."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line five of section
two, to strike out the word " value" and insert
"price as fixed by law."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section three, after
the word " homestead" in line three, to insert the
words, "and whose family, or some member
thereof, is residing on the land which he desires
to enter,and upon which a 6onaJijg£improveuient
and settlement have been made." '
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the fifth
section, in the following words:
Sec. 5. Jlnd be it,further emoted, That whenever any
reservation is introduced into the market as public lamia
under existing laws, u.-lull and may be lawful tor the Com-
nuvuonor of the General Land Office to fix the minimum
price at which such lands shall be disposed of, but not to
be less than 25 per acre.
The amendment was agreed to.
The nextamendment was to strike out the word
"land" in the fifth line of the sixth section and
insert" military," so as to make it read " actually
engaged in the military or naval service of the
United States."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the fol-
lowing words in section six:
It shall and may bo lawful for sucii party to make the
siiiil affidavit betore the officer commanding, in like man-
ner and effect, and with like penalties, as stipulated in the
fir&t section ot tills act; and upon the piesentation by the
wife of the prebmptor, or other individual lawfully repre-
senting his interests, with pioof establishing the validity of
the preemption to the satisfaction of the legister and re-
ceiver, it shall and may be lawful for such wife or, icpie-
sentative to make payment in luii for the actual settlement,
and to make entry thereof in the name of such preihnplor.
And in lieu of them to insert the following
words:
The time for filing such affidavit and making final proof
anil entry or location shall be extended mx months after the
expuation of his teini of sen ice, upon satisfactory pi oof by
affidavit, or the testimony ot witnesses, that the raid pie-
emptor is -,(> in the the service, benefited with the register
of the land office for thedibtuct in which his settlement i*
made.
So as to make the section read:
That where a pieemptoi ha* taken the initiatoiysteps re
qtuted by existing laws in regard to actual settlement, and
is called awaj from such settlement by being actually on-
gaged in the military or naval <-oiviee of the United Suites,
and by rea-on of such absence is unable to appear at the
distiiet land office to make bet'oiethe legister or leceiver
the affidavits lequurd by the thirteenth section of the pte-
empuon act of" 4th September, 1841,1 he time for filing such
affidavit and making final proof and cntiy or location shall
be extended six months after ihe expnatum of his tcun of
sri vice, upon t-atisfaetory proof, by affidavit oi the testimony
of witue^o*, that the said proemptor is so in the service,
being filed with the icgistei of the land office foi the dis-
uict in which his settlement made.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section seven
after the word " California,"in line two, to nisei t
"in the State of Oiegon, and in the Territories
of Washington, Nevada, Colorado, Idaho, New
Mexico, and Arizona."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to add at the. end of
section seven the following1 proviso:
Provided, That the salarv and fees allowed any regi5?-
tei oi nvciver shall not exceed m the ag^regdte the sum of
$•3,000 per annum.
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. These are the
amendments of the committee. The bill is still
open to amendment.
Mr. WILKINSON. I see by the second sec-
tion of this bill that an additional fee is allowed
to the registers and receivers. I would inquire
why that is necessary, if there is any one here
who has charge of the bill.
Mr. CONNESS. The objectof thatpartof the
bill is that wo may compensate registers and re-
ceivers in proportion to the amount of labor they
perform, rather than by an increase of their sal-
aries. Formerly in the State of California the
registeis and leceivcrsof the hind ofiiccs received
an annual salary of $3,000 each. It was'found
that there were m that State gome land offices
where the receipts were not equal to the expendi-
tures; in other words, where there was compara-
tively little business done, as at Los Angeles, and
