2410
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 23,
I believe this trick was successful in <$& or two
instances, but since attention has been called to
it it can deceive no longer.
It was pretended that the act of March 3,1863,
which provided that" every contract shall require
• the delivery of a specified quantity," would op-
erate to the benefitof the Department, and I con-
fess that I was once led to believe that this would be
so. A leading contractor, as I have before stated,
expressed the opinion in one of his publications
that the adoption of this provision would obviate
the necessity for any prohibition of fictitious biit-
ding, and hence he recommended the " omission
of the clause allowing the rejection of bids for
nominal prices" from the act. Now, the truth
is, whatever may have been the intentions of those
who conceived the law and secured its passage, it
has operated only for the benefit of a few con-
tractors—those of them who have been selected
by the Navy agents to make the open purchases.
When the estimates arc made of the ordinary and
anticipated wants of the yards, only such articles
and such quantities of articles will be included in
that estimate and advertised for as the officer in
charge of the subject supposes will be absolutely
required. Now, no one can anticipate or imagine
what the wants of the service may require in a
time like this. New sliips are built, captured, or
purchased or destroyed, new depots established,
the number of men in the service increased; in
fact, a thousand unexpected events occur that re-
quire unanticipated supplies. As the act of 18C3
only requires the delivery of the amount of arti-
cles specified in the contract, all that may be re-
quired above the nmounts thus specified must be
procured by the Navy agent through his trusted
and favorite contractors upon open purchase, and
as it would seem at his own pi ice.'
Hence it is that, as Mr. Wilson informs us,
Seofield & Co. have furnished three fourths of all
the open purchase supplies bought in New York
during the last year; hence it is that Smith Broth-
ers & Co. have already been paid $137,144 37
upon open-pui chases made during the same period
of time. How much may be still due them of
reservation money or oliierwise, T have no means
of knowing. If the Governmentis thus the loser
when the estimates foi supplies are honestly re-
ported to the Department, how much more will
the loss bo when a civil engineer or master woik-
man at the yard who is in collusion with the con-
tractor makes the estimates! Who can wonder
that the favored contractor should be exceedingly
anxious to maintain such an engineer or master
workman in office with plenary powers? To be
satisfied as to tile operations of contractors favored
by the Navy agents under this law, I again refer
you to the bills of C. W. Seofield & Co., all of
which were opcn-pmchase contracts made after
the passage of the act of 1863. Go to the Navy
Department and examine, the bills sent by the
Navy agent at that yard—cap paper worth $5
per ream charged at §8; envelopes charged at $6
per thousand worth $3; 6,335 pounds of chain
cable bought of the India-rubberdealei Dieterich,
worth Kj cents per pound charged at 18 cents per
pound—and then tell me if in your opinion the
present system " is well calculated to effect the
object sought to be attained, namely, supplying
the Navy, at reasonable prices, with the best uni-
fies demanded for the service." I do not say
that all open purchases made during the past year
have been as ouiiageously fraudulent as those I
have quoted. It is enough to show that such
frauds have been perpetrated, and that they can
be repeated as the law now stands.
I much regret that the pendency of the #5urt-
martial m New York, before which the contract-
ors Seofield, Stover, Savage, and others are to
be tried, piecludes me from using facts within
my possession, showing the modus operandi by
which Navy agents, clerks, master workmen, in-
spector, and other servants of the Government
have been debauched by bribes, promises, and
threats in order to secure the prompt payment of
bills, and to induce them to receive and pay for
short measuie, weight, and count. Rather than
trench upon the ground which I suppose is to be
occupied by thai court, 1 abstain from attempt-
ing to elucidate that branch of my subject, satis-
fied that all the facts will be made pu'olfo before
this subject shall pa.ss from the leoillLction of the
Senate.
The question now lecurs, wIj.il it, the remedy ]
for all these evils now existing in 'the naval con-
tract system ? I answer, without any hesitation:
1. Modulate salaries, peimanency in the tenure
of office, and prompt and sure military responsi-
bility of ail supply agents. In the bill winch I
had the honor to submit to she Senate I proposed
that the Navy agents and naval storekeepers
should be naval commissioned officers. Why
'should they not be ? If it be necessary that quar-
termasters and commissaries in the Army should
hold permanent positions, if it be neccssary that
they should be held to an. immediate and strict
military accountability for their acts, why is it not
important that officers performing similar duties
in the Navy should be placed under similar con-
ditions? Can a single substantial reason be as-
signed for the distinction? A dishonest quarter-
master may render abortive the best matured plan
of a military commander by furnishing defective
transportation, clothing, or shoes. May not a
Navy agent cripple the efforts of a whole fleet by
furnishing adulterated oils for steam machinery,
and has it not been done? In the one case, the
dishonest or incompetent officer would be brought
before a court-maitial, tried, convicted, deprived
of his commission, and otherwise punished; in
the other he is permitted to go wholly " unwhipt
ofjustice," and allowed to proceed m his career
of crime.
We are told in effect by the report of the com-
mittee that naval officers are unfitted for this duty;
and, as an evidence of it, it is said that Congress
has sometimes been culled on to relieve command-
er of small vessels, who had been required to per-
form the duties of pursers or paymasters as well
as commanders, from the liabilities they had in-
curred. To this the reply is:
3. Such cases seldom occur. 1 have no recol-
lection of such a case since I was first connected
with the Naval Committee.
2. That i know no ease where Congress has
ever been culled to do any such thing in behalf of
an officer who was educated at the Naval Acad-
emy and receivt*tl the clerkly education now given
to offieeis, or who has entered the service within
the last twenty-five yeais.
That there is a very wide difference between
the case of an officer who commands and navi-
gates his own ship, keeps his ship's log, pays
his own men, deals out rations, clothing, small-
stores and grog, keeping separate 'accounts of
each without the assistance of a clerk, and the
case of an oiHcer of ago and experience simply
making purchases for Government in obedience
to specific rules and instructions of the Navy
Department. If it benecessaiy that Navy agents
should be merchants, why do you not appoint
merchants to those offices? Will any one be
kind enough lo tell me which of your Navy agents
weie experienced nieichants before they were ap- .
pointed Navy agents? Not one of them. Look
at your illustrious procession of defaulting Navy
agents in New York.- It is ur^d in the report
that these offices should be filled by appointees
from civil life in order to popularize the Navy.
Popularize the naval service by the appointment
of two politicians at each yard! Let that ar^u- i
ment, if it may be called such, be answered by j
the facts that i have detailed as occunnig under '
civil appointees, popular favorites! when taken ;
in connection with ilie fact that all of the medical i
supplies and moat of the provisions and clothing i
for the Navy have been putchased by regular
naval officers, Hgainst whom have I never heard
any charge, or intimation of complicity in fraud in
purchasing, inspecting, or in disbursing supplies
mstrusted to them.
In my conviction, Mr. President, safety to the
Government is to be found in the commission of
the officer quite as much as m his bond. Let your
public oiHcer feel that honesty is sure to be re-
warded by continuance in office and promotion,
and that dishonesty will be punished by a sum- !
mary court-martial, dismissal from office,and dis- |
grace, and you will have very few if any com-
plaints of frauds in the procurement of naval '
bupplses. If you will not select commissioned '
officers to perform these duties, then i beg you to
make those whom you do appoint amenable to
military law for their insuboidination and mal-
feasance. I y law you nowtiyand punish the
criminal contractor. Why not try and punish the
crotuh.-il Na\y agent ami miv^if storekeepers?
Theenuie abolition of all bidsaiuTcontracts
by classes of articles, whet) JfBfr.h contracts he
made upon adveitiseinent^ajWimdor scaled bids
or in open market. I am aware that the abolition
of class contracts will cause a necessary increase
of the clerical force, both at the navy-yards and m
the Department, and may cause some complica-
tions and inconveniences at the outset, but it will
furnish an assurance of honest dealing which the
present system does not afford. The bill under
consideration and* reported against by the Naval
Committee provides—
That fill I.uvs and part* of lavs requiring bids to be made
iu elapses of aitieles of supply, or that icquiie ali of the
articles enumerated in a class to be accepted as an entire
bid, be, and the same aie heieby, lcpcaled.
3. A change should be made in the method
of paying for purchases made for the Navy.
There is no reason in the world why this Depai t-
ment should not be authorized, as the War De-
partment is and always has been, to make ad-
vance requisitions for supplies and pay. Why
should a bonayZrfg contractor be required to wait
seventy days after delivery of his merchandise,
which is the average time, for the payment of
that which is confessedly his due? And this rule
should be applied to the payment of wages. Why
should all the custom-house and other officials in
the cities be paid their salaiies on the last day of
each month and the mechanics and laboreis in
the yards be compelled to wait for their pay un-
til the 19th of the following month, thus fotcing
many of them to suffer a diseountof their ceitifi-
• cates of wages in orderto leahze the money with
j which to pay their monthly family expenses?
I To secure promptitude on the part of contract-
ors and industry and cheerfulness on the part of
: laborers their pay must be as piomptas it is sure.
4. What are called " open purchases," that is,
, the puiphasc of ai tides not included in the un-
, nual estimates, should only be made under ox-
; press naval dnectioii, should be advertised for
| and awauled to the lowest bidder, unless the nui-
chasing agent and the commandant of the yard
| certify in writing to the Secretary of the Navy
j that the lowest price bid is exoi bitunt, and that
I the aitides required can be more advantageously
] purchased otherwise than from the lowest bidde .
' In this way two officers will be responsible foi the
j price, quality, and quantity of the article bought,
J while at present even the fact that the purchase
i is to be made is confined to the Navy agent and
i naval storekeeper. It seems to me that section
! six of the bill 1 introduced, and which was re-
i ported against by the Naval Committee of th^
I Senate, covers this whole case. Jt provides—
That all aite-les-of naval Mipply thai can he estimated
; for in advance u uh a iea-ynable device oi accuracy -diall
' be adveiti-cd ioi as now leijuned bylaw, and obtained bv
J oontiaet With the lowe-t h'r-jmn ililc bidder, mnici li
i lobulations as may bo pieseubed bv the Societaiv ot the
1 Navy. All article of Mipplv, the kind- and quantities of
wlh< ii cannot be anticipated and cMiitiated loj with lea-
sonabie neeuracy, <hait be piocured by the disbaisini.'and
puiohaMnsj a^entol the yatil upon the weekly or monthly
requisition ot the commandant thcieof, by purchase in open
maik"t. Alt Mich i equn-moiis shall emanate fioiii or be
submitted to the proper buieauol liic Navv Depaitnient
and approved, except at tiie I'ensacola ami* Mate Inland
j aids; and when thus appioved^uch loqiu-mon.s -dial! be
retained to the commandant ol the jard, who shall give
notice, bj advertisement in at least t\\ o public new-paper*
published in the vieiniiyot the >aid,and moie e.\tei sively
if the Sec-retaiy of the Na\ \ .shall dnecr, at leas-t ten da\ 
prior to Hie da.\ o( purchase, desL i,hni<r as accuiately ;> >
may he the description ot tin; ailtcioi- ot supply required,
and when and win-re to be dt iivered,and the day ami bout
when the bids leceLved in compliance with eaoii adver
tisement will be opened. The contract foi each aitiele of
supply tints bid for shall he a\\aid< d to the lowert^biridei,
unle&fr tiie disbursing and purchasing ayent. and the eoin -
niandant of the yard, shall be tatislied, and j-hall so ceiuiy
in vvritms to the proper bmeauof the N.t\y ^epauiuent,
that the bid- are unreasonable, and the articles ot supply,
or any of them mentioned tneieut, couhl bo purchased
upon more advantageous teun® ui open maiketand at pu-
vate sale; m which event the rteeictaiy may dnect such
puiohase? to be made by pnvatc conn act, and wilhouiie
gard to the bids.
That there might be modifications of the plan
I here propose that would be of advantage to the
Government I do not deny, but I do believu that
its adoption would be of vast advantage to the
Department and save large sums of money that
no w, with the connivance of Navy agents, go into
the pockets of dishonest contractor.
5. Ail dishonest transactions, all complicity
with fraud on the pint of any of the Government
employesat the yards, should be promptly inves-
tigated before military tribunals and summarily
punished, it Jo only by a vigorous admmistia-
