THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 29,
Osition to bring, in place of the true men of battle,
persons not legitimate to the field, to substitute
for the men who are bound to conquer, if con-
quering we shall ever be, persons of whom we
know nothing, men who have been servile ail
their lives, of a race foreign to our own, not in-
telligent, and whom we, in the name of liberty,
have undertaken to maintain—such a proposition
is as false as that for which Nathan, if I remem-
ber history correctly, rebuked David.
Do you propose to exterminate the black race>
If that be the proposition, if that be the policy,
let it be avowed. 1 can consider that there will
be some philosophy in that; let it be avowed; but
do not, in the name of liberty, indulge in a tyr-
anny by bringing forward these people from
whom you propose to-strike the shackles that now
enchain them, and putting them in the front of
battle to fight out the great cause in which we are
engaged, the suppression of the rebellion. Sir,
I say it is absolute tyranny, and a tyranny exer-
cised in the name of liberty. How false, 0 ye
gods!
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
will be upon the amendment submitted by the
Senator from Ohio.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now submit the amend-
ment of which I gave notice this morning. It is
to insert the following as an additional section:
Sec. —. -fold be it further cnacted, That for the purpose
of paying the bounties am! of enforcing the draft provided
for in this act, there be levied and collected, in addition to
Uie duties imposed by law, a special duty ol' ten per cent.
OQ all incomes exceeding $600, accruing during tile ve.a
1864, which duty shall be assessed and collected in the
mode and according to the provisions, penalties, and ie~
sttictions provided in the act approved , entitled "An
act to provide internal revenue to suppoit the Government,
to pay inteiest on the public debt, and tor other purposes."
And this duty shall be payable on the 1st day of October ne^t,
and the Secretary of tlie Treasury is authorized to piesenbe
such rules and regulations as to the time and mode of as-
sessment as will secure the collection of this special tax.
Mr. President, I regret as much as any man
can the necessity of proposing so large a tux
upon our people as this amendment no w proposes;
but 1 do think that the first section of tins bill
proposing a new system of bounties, in the pres-
ent state ofourfinances, is mere madness. 1 can-
not characterize it by any word less nnuked or
less distinct. The idea of proposing to raise
troops at this period of the war by a system of
bounties ranging from two hundred to lour hun-
dred dollars, when gold is at2o0, when loans can-
not be had, withoutany provision for raising this
money, is the wildest legislation 1 have 'ever
known in any legislative or deliberative body. I
cannot characterize the action of the House of
Representatives in this respect in any milder lan-
guage.
1 have no objection to the system of bounties
if we provide tiie money to pay them, but there
is no money to pay them unless we provide ad-
ditional taxes to meet them. 1 believe that neat ly
all our financial distiessand trouble at ibis mo-
ment has arisen out of the syslem of bounties
inaugurated at the beginning of the present ses-
sion. We were able to raise and keep very large
nrinies m the field by tin; aid ofSiate, local,and
city bounties. But when the Government of die
United States, in addition to the expense of pay-
ing, arming, equipping, and clothing our soldiers
undertook to pay these large bounties, it under-
took more than it could accomplish. 1 offer this
amendment with a serious determination to press
it and make it a part of this bill.
1 believe, even if we do not insist upon this
large system of bounties, that an additional war
tax will be a wise measure at the present time. It
is a measure not novel. It has been adopted in
many other countries. England has several times
adopted a special war tax for one year only; and
this is for one year only. The income tax raised
during this year is three per cent, on incomes
between §600 and $5,000, and I believe five and
seven and a half per cent, on incomes above that
amount. This amendment proposes to levy a
special tax of ten per cent, on all incomes. It is
a veiy severe tax; but I believe it is better for our
people to pay this money than to embark in any
more debt.
Besides, this tax will fall on a class of people
who will not volunteer, and who, if drafted, will
lure substitutes. The men who pay the tax on
incomes exceeding §600 are the men who are able
to pay taxes; they are the men who are not found
in the ranks of our Army; or if they arefound in
ihe Army they are found in the condition of offi-
cers.' The great body of our Army is made up
of laboring men who have no fixed incomes, and
therefore do not have to pay any portion of this
tax. The tax will only fall on those who have
accumulated property, and who therefore have
the means to pay it. I believe it will equalize the
burdens of the war as well as can be done in any
other way.
If it were not for the difficulty of adjusting our
system of duties on imported goods to meet it, I
would propose an additional tax on manufactures;
but a tax cannot be imposed on domestic manu-
factures without revising the tariff and making
modifications which we are not now prepared to
do, and there is no other immediate source of
revenue out of which these bounties can be paid,
unless it be from incomes. I do not know any
other article that will bear an increased rate of
taxation.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I believe the people of
the UniLed States can bear perhaps as heavy bur-
dens as any people on the face of the globe; but
there is a limit to their ability to pay. I sppak
now especially for the people that 1, in connec-
tion with my able colleague, represent in this
body. We are cut off for the present from a
southern maikei, and have exceeding great diffi-
culty in transporting our heavy and" bulky pro-
ductions to the eastern markets; and under the
circumstances I would regard the proposed tax
of the Senator from Ohio as exceedingly oppress-
ive.
But, sir, I think there is a constitutional ob-
jection to the amendment proposed by the Sen-
ator from Ohio which he cannot meet. The first
clause of the seventh section of the first article of
the Constitution provides:
" All bills for taising revenue shall originate in the House
of IlepieseutJitives,"
Wo cannot originate a revenue hill hero. The
bill under consideration is not a bill to raise rev-
enue. It is a bill to amend the conscription law,
a bill regulating the bringing of foices into the
field, and not at all a revenue measure. Impos-
sible, svhen we have in'thia body a bill upon one
subject coming from the House of Representatives,
it is competent for us to tack to that a revenue
measure, a very important, revenue measure in-
deed, a revenue measure that I had almost said
was not equal upon the people? If this can be
done, then may we very well and successfully
evade the provision of the Constitution of the
United States. It was intended by the framers
of tin; Constitution that when the people are to
be taxed that, tax shall first be considered by their
immediate Representatives, the men whom they
elect, and that the Senate, elected by the Legisla-
tures of the States, shall not originate a tax upon
them. It seems to me ihe objection is conclu-
sive against the proposition of the Senator from
Ohio.
Mr. GRIMES. I wish the Senator from Ohio
would withdraw his amendment until I could
oiler as a substitute for the bill now under con-
sideration the bill which was adopted by the
Senate a few days ago on the same subject. It
will be observed that the Mouse of Representa-
tives did not choose to act upon the bill which
we sent to them in tegard to conscription, but
adopted an independent proposition of their own,
entuely ignoring the one winch we sentto them,
and i bus we get no committee of conference,which
I suppose they desire to avoid. 1 should like the
question put fairly and squarely upon the bill
which we sent to them: let them have an op-
portunity to vote for it or to vote against it;
and then if theie is a disagreement between the
two Houses let those questions of disagreement
go to a committee of conference. In this way
we shall obviate this new question that is going
to be thrust upon this bill of attempting to raise
revenue with which to defray these bounties.
Before voting on the proposition of theSen&tor
from Ohio, 1 should like to be able to cipher a
little in regard to it. ( should like in the first
place to know how much this tax will raise if
we adopt the proposition of the Senator. Ac-
cording to my recollection the amount that will
be appropriated under this bill for three hun-
dred thousand men would be $120,000,000, Does
the Senator expect to get enough by the imposi-
tion of an income tax of ten per cent, to pay off
these bounties amounting to $120,000,000? I ap-
prehend not. Where is the balance of the money
to come from '
Mr. SHERMAN. It shows the madness—I
cannot use any other word—of the House of
Representatives in this period of the session pro-
posing to us to raise bounties amounting to more
than a hundied million dollars. I do not know
any way to meet that sum except by issuing more
paper money,and thus more and more derange our
financial system, or by levying taxes. I do not
know any source of taxation except upon incomes
now open to us.
I examined the point raised by the Senator
from Indiana. 1 am satisfied the Senate have the
power, under the power to propose amendments,
to say they will not agree to the proposition to
appropriate this money except by addinga special
tax to meet it. Two or three casus of that kind
have occurred already in our history. 1 am not
prepared now to give the Senator the precedents;
but 1 am informed it has been done in two or
three cases. One caseoccurred during the Mexi-
can war when a tax proposition was added to a
loan bill. At any rate, this point can only be
raised by the House of Representatives as against
the Senate. There is no doubt that the Senate,
under the power to amend, might insert any kind
of an amendment on a House bill. The House
might object to the amendment of the Seriate,and
might defeat it on the ground taken by the Sena-
tor.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If the House agreed to
our tax would it be a revenue hill originating in
the House of Representatives?
Adr. SHERMAN. Then that point could not
be made. It would be a tax by the two branches
of the Government.
Mr. HENDRICKS. We have individually to
meet the point.
Mr. SHERMAN. I say it has been metal-
ready. It is true, we have no right to originate
a bill raising revenue, but we have a right to pro-
pose amendments to any bill. Thisisabill pro-
viding for the payment of a large sum of money,
and I think we can add to that a mode of raising
that money.  
Mr. GRIMES. I agree fully with the Senator
from Ohio as to the folly of the bill thatcomes to
us from the House of Representatives at this stage
of the session, after we have established our finan-
cial plans, after we have levied our tax and estab-
lished our taulT, making an appropriation—for
that is the effect of it—of $120,000,000. 1 think
the only possible way in which we can extricate
ourselves from the dilemma in which we are
placed is to return them the bill which we have
already sent to them as an amendment to their
bill, and then we shall get to a conclusion. 1 do
not see how we are going to get to a conclusion
otherwise.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to adopt
the proposition of the Senator if he will add the
section I now offer as nn amendment to it, and
then have that before the committee of conferencc;
so that if the House bill should be'finally adopted
we may have the tax also.
Mi*. GRIMES. I am willing to do that, but
it seems to me it is rather a large amount if we
do not keep in these bounties.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator himself ad-
mits that it is not enough to raise the money to
pay these bounties.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not suppose it will raise
more than one third; but if we do not keep in
the bounties, if we again determine here after
mature deliberation that we will not pay these
bounties, and that we will, m fact, have a con-
scription and a draft, which we ought to have
hadlong ago, there will not be a necessity for
raising quite so much, and five per cent , it seems
to me, would be ample. It is a matter in which
I have very little interest. I have no income.
If the Senator will consent that my proposition
shall be voted upon, I am satisfied that his prop-
osition shall be.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am perfectly compliant
in a matter of that kind. I will withdraw the
amendment for the present, and let the Senator
from Iowa try the strength of his proposition if
he chooses.
Mr. GRIMES. I now propose my amend-
ment. It is unnecessary to read it. It is the
