1864
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2411
lion and swift justice that you can prevent false
estimates of the supplies needed, false reports of
the amounts on hand, false measurements, false
inspections, false reports of weights and quanti-
ties. At present you have no means of punishing
Mich ofl'enses as these cither civilly or militarily.
What folly to rely upon removal from office as a
restraint upon ci line when the guilty person would
realize* more money by suffering himself to be a
party to one fraud than he would realize by two
or three years'salary in the employment from
which you eject him! Such men only laugh at
your stupidity and mock at your punishment.
The tenth and eleventh sections of the bill I had
the honor to intioduce t#the Senate, and against
the passage of which the Naval Committee has
reported, covered this case by providing—
That if any officer, employe, or servant comiectcd with
or In the employment of the Navy Department, or any offi-
cer 01 agent thereof in any navy-yard or elsewhere, s.hall
defraud, or attempt or be privy to any attempt to defraud,
said Department by false count, measure, weight, quantity,
or quality of naval supply, he shall, upon conviction theieof
before a naval court-martial, be fined in any sum not exceed-
ing $10,000, and be imprisoned in some penitentiary in the
United States not exceeding ten years.
Srcc. 11. ~htd be it fait her enacted, That if any officer,
agent, master workman, inspector, storekeeper, or other
person in the employment of the Navy Department, shall
make a false report or estimate of the amount of supplies,
on hand or that may be needed at any navy-yard, with a
view to defraud the Government, or to benefit any person
to the injury or disadvantage of the Government, lie shall,
upon conviction before a naval court-martial, be fined m a
sum not exceeding^,000, and be imprisoned m some pen-
itentiary in the United States not exceeding three years.
Can any reason be assigned why this should
not be enacted into a law? The parties proposed
to be subjected to trial and punishment are in the
employment of the Government. It only applies
to the case of those who commit or attempt to
commit a palpable fraud. In the military seivice
you would punish such an offense without hesi-
tation by a military court-martial. Is there any
reason why the same punishment should not be
inflicted by the same kind of tribunal in the naval
service ?
6. My views as to what should be the liabili-
ties of contractors ore embodied in the ninth sec-
tion of the bill I had the honor to introduce, and
are as follows:
That it any contractor for naval supplies s-ball defraud,
or attempt to defraud, the Govern ment by false count, meas-
ure, weight, or quality of the aitielc to be. supplied, or pro-
cure, or attempt to procure, the same to be done, or tdiall
direetlv or indiicetly give, or offer to give, to anyoffieei,
employe, or seivant of thy Navy Department connected
with the purchasing, inspecting, and custody of naval sup-
plies, or to any member of the family of any such officer,
employ^, or servant, any bribe or present of any kind or
description, for any purpose whatever,or t-ha.lloff"r, prom-
ise, oi tin eaten to pioeuie the removal, traus-fer, or pi emo-
tion of any such officer, employe, or >ervaut, he shall, on
conviction betore a naval court martial, be imprisoned at
hard labor in some penitentiary in the United States for a
period not exceeding five years, and fined in a sum not ex-
ceeding §10,000.
Can any reason be given why such a provis-
ion *as this should not be enacted into a law? Is
it not desirable to place the servants of the Gov-
ernment in a perfectly independent position and
beyopd-the reach of threats, bribes, or promises?
7. the purchasing agents of the Government
should be authoiized and required to employ ex-
perts to examine and analyze, if necessary, oils
and other articles that arc subject to adulteration
or deteuoiation, as is provided for in the third
section of the bill under consideration.
8. The duties of Navy ngents and navalstore-
keepers should he specifically defined by law,
"which has nevci been done. If the first four sec-
tions of the bill I introduced are not such in
this respect as they ought to be, modify them,
change them, but let there be a wiitten lav/ on
the subject, both for the agent's protection and
for our own. The provisions incorporated into
the bill were drawn after mature consideration by
officers who have had tiie charge of the subject
for many years, and upon consultation with
many leading merchants in the commercial cities.
If a better plan for securing the Government
against ioss can be devised let us have it. It is
no apology for doing nothing that the plan pro-
posed is defective.
Mr. President, we are attempting to adminis-
ter the afTaiis of the Navy Department, with an
expendituie of $140,000,000 per annum, under
a system that was esuibiishvd for its administra-
tion when its expenses were less than $1,000,000 ;
a year. We arc trying to confine the limbo of
manhood within the swaddling-clothes of infancy.
The argument that the presentsystcm should be
continued, because it has already existed fifty
years, is a very shallow one. The officers of the
Department who are familiar with the subjectde-
sire a change. They tell us that it is impossible
to protect the Government against frauds so long
as the present system shall be adhered to. Why
will we notheed theiradvice?
The time has airived when it should be thor-
oughly understood that our navy-yards are na-
tional establishments, to be controlled for the
benefit of the nation exclusively, and not for the
benefit of the neighborhoods in which they nre
established, or of the politicians who surroflmd
them. They cost us too much money, we have
too deep an interest in them, to permit them to be
surrendered to local influences.
Let me say to gentlemen representing Atlan-
tic States, in which are our navy-yards, that we
of the States remote from the seaboard are as
much inclined to support and cherish the Navy
as you are. We are interested in your commerce
and manufactures. We want the flag that floats
at the mast-head of your ships protected upon
every sea, and recognized as an emblem of the
po\ver of a great nation. To do this we know
that we must give of our substance, and we will
give it cheerfully, if we have the assurance that
naval affairs are conducted economically and
wisely. We must know that the affairs of this
Department are managed by the officers of the
nation, acting for the common interest, and not
by your officers, acting for the interest of a few
contiactors among you. We do not recognize
the right of any man or set &f men to dictate to
the Government who shall be the commandant
of this yard, which engineer shall be attached to
that, or what shall be the regulations tn another.
No local political considerations can justify any
such interference. We cannot consent that the
Navy Department shall be administered as a
" close corporation," for the benefit of a section
or of individuals. I do not speak thus because
of the manifestation of any such general desire
on the part of the people of any section. I icnow
that they do not feel so, but I also know that
there are those, few it may be, who d£ entertain
this sentiment, and that it is likely to increase,
unless the reflecting men of your section shall re-
buke and crush it.
I beg Senators to remember that the peopl • of
the great section of which lam a citizen are very
slightly identified with the Navy. There are no
' navy-yards among them, and not one in a hun-
dred of thefti ever sawa naval officer or a ship-of-
wnr. Unless they have the assurance of econ-
omy and fidelity in its entire administration, there-
fore, it is the department of the public service that
they will be the least likely to cheerfully tax them-
selves to support. Give them that assurance, and
the Navy will always have, as it always has had,
the unwavering support of the agricultural peo-
ple of the West. Believe me, if the present con-
dition of things be continued, let peacc come, and
retrenchment and economy will come with it, the
Navy will be the first branch of the service to suf-
fer, and will suffer the most. That great aim of
the national defense will be punished for our infi-
delity to duty.
Mr. President, having assigned the reasons why
I do not concur in the report of the Committee on
Naval Affairs in their expression of opinion that
the present system of procuring naval supplies
" has operated well, and is well calculated to ef-
fect the ol-jict bought to be attained, namely, sup- j
plying the Navy at reasonable prices with the beet j
articles demanded for the service," I leave the j
subject in the hands of the Senate. |
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, before I proceed !
to answer some of the things suggested by the
Senator from Iowa, 1 want to make one single
remark of a general character. I agree entirely
with the Senator that gross, enormous, outrage-
ous frauds have been perpetrated upon the Navy
Depaitment and in the Navy Department; but the
difference between us is radical, 1 think constitu-
tional. 1 do not think the Senator can help think-
ing as he does; and I know I cannot help thinking
as I do. I will lead the view of the Senator. In -
a speech which he made in this body on the 11th !
of April last he gave his vi<,ws as follows: ;
Under the piof-euuyftein bids are submitted in clar-ses.
Suppose the Government wants a luJjc quantity oi Vdiious
descriptions of icon. An order comes from the Navy De-
partment to the commandant of they aid to know Jipw much
and what descriptions of iron will be needed at that yard
lor the next year. The commandant says to the master
blacksmith, 'Fill out a schedule of these articles and a
description of thorn.' The contiaetor goes to the master,
blacksmith, and corrupts him. He bribes him, and gets
him to make a schedule certifying that he will need, for in-'
stance, a thousand pounds of one inch square iron, and ten^
thousand poundsot two inch square u^*i. The contractor'
•thereupon bids for the largest article ti.e smallestaruount;,
for instance, a quarter of a cent; for that of which the
smallest amount is to be tarnished he bids night cents, the
average price oi iron being four cents. Having tlii4 per-
fect understanding with the raster blacksmith, when the
contractor is required to fill bis conti ict, and to go on as
they are required to do, and fill, in addition to the amount
originally stipulated, in the contract, any moie of that de-
scription of iron that is required, only a very small portion
of this quarter cent iron will be called for, while enormous
quantities of the eight cent iron will be callcd for. Thus
the Government is defrauded. Soitis in regard to lumber,
and so it is i  regard to evety article of supply that is fur-
nished tQjhe Navy Department.
" Whj^VIr. President, I have had an opportunity within
a lew days of looking into this subject. I have seen how
these naval contractors!, under the present «y%tem, corrupt
the officers of the Government—t mean the subordinate
officers of the Government; I mean the master workmen
in the various navy-yards of this country—by presents and
by prolines." ^
And the Senator gave the list of the men who,
are thus corrupted, master blacksmiths, master
painters, master carpenters, boat-makers, sail-
makers, builders, &c., including every class of
mechanics in the land. Those arc the men that
are corrupted; and to remedy that he proposes
to put them all under the supervision and direc-
tion of an officer of the Navy. While the Sena-
tor believes that the great mass of the laboring
•people of this country aie corrupt, virtue, in his
mind, only exists under an epaulet; and if you
can dispense with these men and substitute a naval
officer m place of them, a remedy will be had !
Mr. President, permit me to say that in this
respect I differ as widely from the Senator as it
is possible for two men to differ on any given sub-
ject. Instead of believing that the blacksmiths,
carpenters, sail-makers, and every description of
mechanics—for it is as broad as that—are cor-
rupted and bribed, and that vutue can only be
restored in the administration of public affairs in
the Navy by wiping them all out of place and ,
authority, and* putting them all under military
control, I hold the contrary opinion.
One other remark I want to make m regard to
that speech, and then I will answer the present one.
In the speech which the Senator made on the 11th
of April, he gave an instanoo of how the Govern-
ment was defrauded. He said:
" Under the present system if anything is wajitcd at a
navy-yard the Navy agent directs the contractor to procure
it. For iii-tance, there is the article ot Ma^spy;s> loirs that
are used on our ships, and which are manufactured at New
York. The place where they are sold ib < i iJioadway.
They are sold theie at the price of twenty dollars. When
we wanted some of them the order to lurnish them was
aiven to a man by the name of Scofield, and they weie
furnished to the Government at the price ot thhty-slx dol-
lars. The Naval Committee do not think it necessaiy to
abolis-h the system under which this is done !"
^ I have been furnished with a letter from New
York on thatsubject which has a little curious in-
formation in it, and the facts of the case are these:
the bureau heard just this story—whether they
got it from the Globe, or somewhere else, I do
not know; they heard that they had been im-
posed upon, and without consultation with any-
body, or letting anybody at NewYoik know
what they were doing, they sent one of their
shrewdest purchasers to convict the Navy agent
of this fraud and to purchase at private contract
one of these jjtfasspy's logs, and I hold in my hand
the receipted bill at which it was bought, and it
was bought at forty instead of twenty dollars, as
alleged by the Senator. The assumption of the
Senator from Iowa follows him throughout, and to
show that he docs not stand alone in it 1 will read
an extract from some evidence that has been taken
before a committee of the body in which the same
opinion is expressed by the acting chief of the
Bureau of Ordnance:
11 Tin; Navy agent-s arc, fot the most pait, ignorant of the
natmc ol the articles to be purchased by them, and thcre-
foie entueJy unfit to comply with the icgulation that re-
quires tiiem to proeiue articles of proper quality, and in
l.tct they lor the nio<t p.ut ignoie thi- ponton ot thou duty ;
and not only this, tiie N,m' agents aie almost invariably
found acting on the side of ti.e contractor in Ins eflbrt-> to
gel poor ;ut:< !e ? at cepted by the Government, ftnd the smn«
is tine of puce.-; theie is m this* the same jguoinnce and
reekle.-fciio- s, and tue same identity of j liferent with the
contidctor. IIcic lies the great defect oi the sy>tein; the
*
