890
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
deny that he had any such intention. I feel bound
to accept his denial. I think the honorable Sen-
ator from Massachusetts will see that he ought to
accept the deniatiShd that he ought not to proceed
to the harsh measure of expelling a man upon a
constructkm put on his words which he says he
did not mean. I therefore suggest to the honor-
able Senator from Massachusetts whether it would
notbe better to withdraw the resolution. I make
the suggestion with all due deference to him and
the Senate.
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. President, as no response
is made to the suggestion of the honorable Senator
from NewHampshire,it seems that the resolution
improbably notto be withdrawn, and thata vote,
therefore, must be had upon it. I will, in a very
few words, give the reasons which will govern my
-vote.
In regard to the character of the resolutions
which have been introduced by the Senator from
Kentucky, I agree in substance with the remarks
made by those with whom 1 usually act politi-
cally on this side of the Chamber. I consider them,
in substance and in language, as improper to be
introduced into this body. Even if I agreed, as 1
do not, as to the facts stated in them, with the Sen-
ator from Kentucky, I should, as I think, disagree
with him as to the propriety of introducing such
resolutions here. They charge high crimes and
misdemeanors, formally and specifically, against
the President Of the United States. They charge
against him offenses for which, under the Con-
stitution of the country, ho is impeachable before
this body. We are his constitutional judges. If
impeached by the House of Representatives, we
should sit here as judges to decide upon his guilt
or innoccnce. To assume in the outset, as wc
should by passing these resolutions, that he was
guilty, seems to me to be transcending the proper
limits which, as his judges, we ought to obseive.
I do not think the honorable Senator from Ken-
tucky would wish toplace himself in the position
of having dccidcd the case before he was called
upon as a judge deliberately to pronounce judg-
ment. That these resolutions charge against the
Presidentimpoachable offenses nobody willdeny.
Is it right for us, if he be guilty, before we arc
called upon to sit in judgment upont him to dccide
upon Ins guilt or innocence?
Again, the resolutions of the honorable Senator
from Kentucky not only impeach the President
of high crimes and misdemeanors, but they im-
peach this body—that is to say, a majority of this
body—uud would make us wholly unfit to «it in
judgment upon any person high or low in the
community. Those resolutions charge in sub-
stance and in effect upon a majority of this body
certainly what if true should disqualify us from
sitting here, and indeed, as was oncc said of cer-
tain oilier poisons, would disqualify us from sit-
ting anywhere. One of these resolutions divides
the people of this country " into two great pur-
ties, (lie destructives and the conservatives. The
littst,'1 that is, the dc&Uuctivcs, "consists of Abra-
ham Lincoln, his office-holders, contractors, and
other followers." I hope that the honorable Sen-
ator did not by cither of these teims mean to char-
acterize a majority of this body. We certainly
are not his office-holders, certainly not his con-
tractor; so we must come in, if at all, under the
term—somewhat offensive, certainly—of " other
followers." But I am duven to the conclusion
that t!m honorable Senator means to class us either
with u his office-holders, contractors," or " other
followers," because when he comes to enumerate
thoae who belong to the other party which he
says co-mpose the people of those States, he enu-
merates, "all men who are for ejecting Lincoln
ami his party fiom office and power."
These arc the " conservatives, "the men " who
are for ejecting Lincoln and his paity from office
and power." The honorable Senatorknows that
a majority of this body are not for" ejecting Lin-
coln,"as he familiarly calls him, "fiom office
and power."
Mr. DAVIS. Will the honorable Senator from
Connecticut allow me a word ?
Mr. FOSTER. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS. I think the language used in the
resolution which the honorable Senator has just
read cannot faiily be interpreted to include*the
Senate, and I certainly disavow any purpose of
including the Senate in the phrases which'the Sen-
ator has read.
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. President, I recognize the
entire right of the Senator to construe his own
language, and when he does construe it, in my
opinion, the Senate are bound to take his construc-
tion, and to give to the words he uses the mean-
ing which he says he affixes to those words. It
is the honorable Senator's right to construe his
own language. I confess, however, it did seem
to me that the language which I have quoted was
susceptible fairly of no other interpretation than
that which I have put upon it; but I certainly ac-
cept the honorable Senator's explanation of his
own terms; and as he disavows that interpreta-
tion, it is sufficient for me. In that connection I
may say, as to the language employed in those
resolutions, that when the honorable Senator dis-
avows, as he has to a certain extent disavowed,
what other gentlemen understood those resolu-
tions to mean, I think, as I have suggested, we are
bound to take his explanation rather than what
might seem to us to bo the import of the language
used.
Under these circumstances, it is true these res-
olutions stand before us differently from what
they would if we were left to give a construction
to them ourselves; but I submit to the Senator
that, after all, these resolutions must be understood
as importing impeachable offenses against the
President of the United States. The President
may be guilty; but is it right for njembers of this
Senate, before the President shall be impeached
by the House of Representatives, to prejudge his
case? Does the honorable Senator wish to pre-
judge his case? If he votes for these resolutions
does he not prejudge his case? Does he not dis-
qualify himself from sitting in judgment upon the
President when he shall be, if he shall be, im-
peached by the House of Representatives for these
very crimes and%nisdemeanors ?
Mr. President, the honorable Senator is fond of
recurring to past times, and properly. It is well,
certainly, to derive as many lessons of wisdom
from the past as is possible. If the honorable
Senator will go back to the period of thirty years
ago, when a very eminent citizen was President
of the United States, and when it was his fortune
or misfortune to have an opposition to his Admin-
istration in this body certainly inferior to no op-
position in point of power, intellect, and influence
ever encountered by any Administration in this
country, he will find that such resolutions as these
found no favor with those whom he would now
quote as examples worthy to be followed. An
eminent citizen of Kentucky, eminent over the
world, introduced resolutions into this body re-
specting the then President of the United Slates,
reflecting to some extent, and indeed very greatly,
upon the manner in which that citizen adminis-
tered the office of President of the United States;
but on a suggestion that his resolutions contained
impeachable matter as against the President of
the United States, although he was acting with a
majority in the Senate, and although his influence
with that majority was almost controlling, at his
own motion he modified the resolutions which he
had introduced, and carcfully stripped them of
anything which would seem to be impeachable
matter. That occurred in this Chamber thirty
yeais ago; and the language as it was originally
ni!i otluced was almost commendatory, even laud-
atory, compared with the language m which the
honorable Senator from Kentucky now indulges
as to the present incumbent of the presidential
chair. It was no more than to assert this of the
President:
" That he has asMuncd the exorcise of <i power, &e., not
(granted to linn by the Constitution and laws, and (Ungmous
lo the libelous of the people/'
That was deemed by Henry Clay to be too of-
fensive, too stiong for the Senate to pass—lan-
guage now sounding so mild, so temperate—and
it was by Mr. Clay himself modified in this way
before the Senate were called to pass upon it:
<> Thathe Iui« a^umed upon himselfauthoritvand power
not conlened by the Constitution and laws, but in deroga-
tion of both."
And it was upon that only that the Senate were
called upon to pass, Mr. Clay, as I have suggest-
ed, modifying those terms of his own motion in
order that the objection made that the resolutions
contained impeachable matter might not be fairly
asserted of the resolutions.
Still, Mr. President, even allowing the resolu-
tions to stand just as they are, without the expla-
nation of the honorable Senator from Kentucky,
it is due to candor that I should say that I could
not vote foi? the honorable Senator's expulsion
because he had introduced them. I certainly
should not have voted to print these resolutions if
I had known what they were at the time the order
to print was made. They were not read. I should
have voted against printing them if I had known
their contents. At the time when they were in-
troduced and the order made, itpassed unobserved
in the Senate. When I s^w the resolutions a day
or two after, When they were laid on the desks, I
made up my mind that in future I should ask for
the reading of resolutions or ascertain something
of their character before the order to print was
made without any opposition from me. These
resolutions are printed, however; they are here;
and I do not think that expulsion is the proper
remedy where such an act has been committed.
Nor, sir, do I think that a vote to censure an
honorable Senator for introducing resolutions of
this character is proper,either. Whatdoesa vote
to censure a Senator mean? After it is passed,
how does he stand in the Senate? Is he entitled
to the same privileges as other Senators; the same
courtesy and rights as other Senators? He must
be, or not be here at all. And yet he is under
some sort of ban while he is under a vote of cen-
sure passed by this body. And what is to be the
effect of it? When is the offense £o be expiated?
Is the vote ever to be obliterated ? Is any subse-
quent course of good conduct to atone, and the
resolution afterwards to be annulled, reconsidered,
or repealed? I know not, Mr. President, what
answer is to be given to these questions; and 1
confess that for one I am somewhat afraid of this
power as a precedent. Let this body be organ-
ized into a censorial tribunal to pass votes of cen-
sure upon its members, and to what may it not
lead? No doubt under certain circumstances such
a vote might be proper for gross breaches of order.
There may be extreme cases where such a vote
as this may be called for; but for the introduction
of resolutions, however offensive, or for words
spoken in debate where there is no intentional
personal insult, no gross, willful indignity to the
body, I should deprecate a vote of censure as a
punishment. I think there would be more dan-
ger of increasing the very evil than probability
of diminishingit by followingsuchacourse. We
should almost inevitably fall into divisions and
strifes here, the evil results of which no man can
foresee. So far from producinggreater courtesy
in debate,! have an apprehension that there might
be a desire on the part of gentlemen here to make
themselves martyrs to free discussion, and to in-
dulge in free speech for the very purpose of being
either censured or expelled.
The right of free speech is too dear to the peo-
ple of this country to be impinged upon slightly.
So dear is it that wherever any grounds can be
shown for believing that a party is intending to
impair it or abridge it, the days of such party
must be few and short in this country. I glory
in the fact that it is so. It has been so in this
country always, and it always will be so long as
there is a love of liberty; for free speech, a free
press,and the freedom of the people will live and
die together. It is vastly better that we suffer
any little annoyance, or any great annoyance, to
which we may be subjected in this body by too
great freedom of speech, rather than that we
should right ourselves, or attempt to right our-
selves,by laying theheavy hand of censure, or of
expulsion, by vote, upon our members by way
of improving their speech or reforming their man-
ners.
While, as I have said, I look upon the resolu-
tions of the honorable Senator from Kentucky as
resolutions which ought not to have been intro-
duced into this body, still.the honorable Senator
judged differently. His right to judge is as per-
fect"as mine, and I am as unwilling to attempt to
impose my standard of what is right upon him as
I would be to submit to having him impose—
which 1 know he has no desire to do—his stand-
ard of right upon mc. 1 must therefore tolerate,
and not merely tolerate but acknowledge the
right of the Senator, because I claim it for myself,
to indulge freely and fully in debate here. So of
every other Senator on this floor, so long as this
is a forum where free discussion is tolerated.
I shall therefore, Mr. President, with this ex-
planation, which perhaps was quite unnecessary,
