1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2413
Here is Mr. Norton's account of the transac-
tion. It is a very straight one:
Navy Agent's Office, Boston, February 23,18q4.
Sir: Referring to my letter of the 20th instant, I respectfully
inform the Department that I have made inquiries of the
principal forgers and manufacturers of shafts such as was
furnished the steamer Cambridge by Lazelle, Perkins &
Co., and have ascei tamed that the price of the shaft, the bill
of which was presented to me for payment, and which, for
the reasons before stated, I declined to include in my re-
quisition, is exorbitant.
The cost of such work at the present time is greatly above
that for which it could have been furnished at the time the
bill referred to was made. In no instance has the price
named by the parties of whom I inquired been above forty
cents per pound for the finished shaft. Oife manufacturer
of great responsibility and experience offers to do such
work at the present tune for thirty-eight cents.
It will be observed that Lazelle, Perkins & Co. charge
for 7,410 pounds (which is probably the gross weight of the
forging) {§2,445 30, and for finishing $570, total, $3,015 30.
Based upon the original shaft, and the estimated weight
from the drawing, the weight of this shaft finished would
be about 4,500 pounds, which, at the price offered me for
such woik, would amount to $1,710. It thus appears that
Lazelle, Perkins & Co. have charged about $1,300 in ex-
cess t>f a hheral estimate for the shaft. I am infoimed that
the manufactory of Lazelle, Perkins & Co. is usually in
operation day and night, consequently the cost ol the work
could not have been enhanced by night labor.
As this bill will probably be presented for payment, I con-
sider it my duty to infoim the Department of the lesult of
the inquiries I have made.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
E. L. NORTON, Navy Agent.
Hon. Cideon Welles, Secretary of the Navy, Washington.
To that letter of Mr. Norton's Rear Admiral
Smith replied as follows:
Bureau of Yards and Docks, February %7,1864.
Sir: The honorable Secretary of the Navy has referred
your letter to him of the 23d instant, on the subject of the
shaft fuilushed by Lazelle, Perkins & Co., for the steamer
Cambridge, fo this bmeau. Please state who the par-
ties aie of whom you say neither of them would have
chargcd over forty cents per pound tor the shaft in ques-
tion, fmibhed, the tune they would have required to de-
liver it, and aiso who is the party who would do the work
at the present time at thirty-eight cents per pound, and if
these puiues or either of them would furnish the shaft by
woikmg night and day at these prices.
It appears the shaft was ordered of tjie establishment
which made the original one, to be made~with all possible
dispatch, ami, whethci the prices charged be high or not,
there was no excuse lor your putting the bill away with-
out notice oi report, and when asked for it saying you had
it not, but after seaiching you found it.
If you declined to pay the bill you should at least have
so repoited to the commandant who appioved it, with your
realms lor not paying it.
Your opinion that beeaus-e the works of Lazelle, Per-
kins & Co. are in operation day and night the work on
the shaft should not be enhanced" m price, is quite unrea-
sonable, when it is known that night labor Uchaiged at
double rates at nearly all of the navy-jards and puvate.
. establishments in the country.
No doubt thelaboi is charged atdouble the ordinary cost
of woik of that sort, foi that part of it done by night work.
1 am, respectfully, your obedient seivant,
JOSEPH SMITH,
Chief of the Bureau.
E. L. Norton, Esq., Navy Jlgent, Boston, Massachusetts.
Navy Agent's Office, Boston, March 5, 1864.
Sir: In reply to the bureau's letter of the 27th ultimo,
asking me to state who the parties are who would have
made a fchaft such as was furnisiied for the Cambridge,
£ have to reply that Mr. Dearborn, of the firm of Dearborn,
Robinson & Co., says he foiged the ouginal shaft (or the
Cambridge at ten cents per pound, and would m.iko the
same forging at tin1 present time lor twenty cent* per pound,
and would have made and finished the same shaft at the
time it was made by Lazelle, Perkins & Co. for tlmty-five
cents per pound, finished weight, and at the present time
at forty cents, and would have engaged to finish it in four
weeks. *
Mr. Ileiriek, agent of the Nashua Iron Company, says at
the present tunc he will engage to make such a shaft at
thirty-eight cents per pound; but at the time it was made
by Lazelle, Perkins & Co. it would not have cost as much,
and that it could be finished alter foiging in thiee weeks?,
woriung only days. By woikmg days and mght-s it could
be done in h'&s than two thirds that time, and would en-
hance the cost but veiy little. He should woik day and
night forging the shaft, as a mattei of economy. Mr. Hor-
riek says he would work nights finishing the shaft, if de-
sirable, by charging for extia steam and light*, which he
fcaj ^ would be but a trifle.
Mr. Curtis, agent and treasurer of the Atlantic Works,
says that toity cents per pound at the present time is the
highest price tor such woik, and that in September and Oc-
tober la-4 it would have been much less. Mr. Curtis fur-
ther says that Lazelle, Petkms & Co. are now making
shafts, much larger and more difficult to make, at thirty-
nine cents pei pound. The foregoing prices arc for the fin-
ished work, a Hose calculation of which from the original
drawing makes theweight of the shall forty-two hundred
pounds.
As Ptatcd in m\ letter of the 23d ultimo, the woika of
Lazelle, Peikuis & Co. are inopeiation day and night, and
as a mattei of economy such establishments aie lun day
and night tor heav> roigings, and the extia expense ot night
labor iri finishing such woi k is acknowledged to be u but a
tritie'Mjy those mo^t inteiested.
if neatly ail the navy-yards and private establishments
in the c onotrypay double lor night labor, the buieau does
not say that such is the practice at the works in question.
On the contrary, I am informed that Messrs. Lazelle, Per-
kins &, Co. do not pay their workmen double, or even any-
thing extra for night labor for finishing work, and, as before
stated, all forges run night and day ou heavy work as a
matter of economy. Therefore, instead of being unrea-
sonable in my opinion that, bccause the works of Lazelle,
Perkins & Co. are in operation day and niglft,the price of
the shaft should not have been enhanced, X tnighthave fur-
ther added that the work could not have been done exclu-
sively by day labor without a very serious inconvenience
to them. .
As the withholding of the bill from my requisition has
been considered by the Department upon such explanation
as I have been able to give, it'appears unnecessarythat
I should say more in relation to the matter. The case
may be stated briefly as follows: a requisition for a crank
shaft was drawn by the authorities of the navy-yard di-
rectly and unconditionally upon me. By law and regula-
tion it was my exclusive duty upon that requisition to have
made the purchase; hut it appeared from the memorandum
bill of Lazelle, Peiktns & Co., that some person had under-
taken my function and had made the purchase.
By including that opcn-putchasc bill in my requisition
when no special authority from bureau or Department ap-
peared for the purchase by another person, I considered
that I should become a party responsible for the proper
conditions of the bill. It was accordingly laid aside to
await from day to day the call of the party to whom it be-
longed. It could not havfc been anticipated that two months
would elapse before such call would be made, nor is it mat-
ter for surprise that I should not recall the circumstance of
the reception of the bill upon the instant. It seems to me
sufficient that X was unable fo correct a first impression
and find and deliver the bill within a five minutes' inter-
view with the person who called.
My whole purpose and action in this matter has'been
governed by an earnest desire to protect the public interest
by insisting upon those wholesome laws and regulations
which have been devised for this purpose; and whatever
difference ol opinion may be entertained as to who may or
may not be puichasing agents for the Department, I con-
sidered that when I called attention to an apparent exor-
bitant charge, I was entitled to consideration rather than
repj oof from the bureau.
Veiy respectfully, your obedient servant,
12. L. NORTON, Navy Jlgent.
Rear Admiral JosEPn Smith, Chief of Bureau of Yards
and Docks, Washington, D. C.
Bureau of Yards and Dorics, March 7, 1854.
Sir: Your letter of explanation of the 5th instant has
just been received. The bureau passed no censure lor
your declining to pay Lazelle, Perkins & Co. for the shaft
for the Cambridge. It would rather approve your action in
such cases, and trust you have always been thus scrupulous
and particular m regard to exoibitant claims presented to
you for payment; for the bureaus ar« not rtj^vays the most
coriect judges of the proper value of purchases made with-
out investigation. But the bureau did intend to censure
you for not reporting the exoibitant price stated by you as
charged for the shaft to the authonry (the commandant)
who approved the bill, instead of putting the bill away and
waiting until the manufactuior called for his money, and
then simply telling him you could not pay the bill.
It was your duty to have reported the case to the com-
mandant when the bill came to jou and you objected toit;
or you should have repoued it to the bureau, making the
pmcha-e forthwith.
In neglecting to do so you were, in my opinion,derelict
in jour duty.
As to the cost of night woik it was not forme to decide.
All the reports from out-side establishments to the Depart-
ment in jegard to hours of labor, extra time and extra pay,
state that a large inciease is allowed for night work and
extra time.
Respectfully, your obedient servant,
1 JOSEPH SMITH,
Chief of the Bureau.
E. L. Norton, Esq., Navy Jlgent, Boston, Massachusetts.
This correspondence explains one of the rea-
sons why these Departments and bureaus want
to get rid of Navy agents, because they have tried
to break up this practice of ordering from favor-
ites work outside of the law for which exorbi-
tant charges are made. I trust I have said enough
about the Navy agents.
The Senator also, in enumerating those who
have comrritted frauds upon the Navy, mentions
another firm of whom I have some knowledge,
and who have furnished pretty large supplies to
the Navy Department. They are Trickey &
Jewett. I do not know that it is necessary for
me to say a word about them. I am sure it would
not if Senator^ knew them. Mr. Jewett is a citi-
zen of the State of Maine, unquestionably well
known to the two Senators from that State, a
man unimpeached and unimpeachable, of the
highest repute for integrity,intelligence, and per-
fect uprightness in all the walks of life. He is
at this momen&while I speak a member of the
Senate of the State of Maine. He and Mt.
Tnckey have furnished,as has been stated, sup-
plies to the amount of $1,000,000 to the Depart-
ment. Mr. Trickey is an inhabitantof my own
city, and I hardly know how to speak of him;
but I will say this: in that city of ten thou-
sand inhabitants, it is no disparagement to any
one else to say that there is no man, in point
of business enterprise, of high-toned integrity,
and all those characteristics that go to make up
a good man, that stands ahead of*Mr. Tnckey;
a man of high-toned integrity, great enterprise,
generous to a fault, and of the most diffusive be-
nevolence. I venture to say that within thewhofe
range of the acquaintance of every man here, there
is not a mercantile or a business house any wkere
in any place or in any country that would not
feel itself, at least not dishonored, but onfthe.
other hand flattered, by^eing set down ia the
same category with Messrs. Trickey & Jewett.
But the difficulty with them, in the mind of the
Senator from Iowa, is that they do not wear
epaulets. They do not belong to that class.
But a great portion of the labor of this effort of
the Senator is made upon Mr. Smith, of the firm
of Smith Brothers & Co. of Boston. Let me say
this o£Mr. Smith: I knowhim; he is a merchant
of the nighest character; of unimpeachable integ-
rity and unblemished reputation with all who
know hi,m. There is not a mercantile house in
Boston, and that is a place, I think, where the
standard of mercantile integrity is as high asitis *
in any city of this Union—there is not a mercan-
tile house nor a mercantile man in Boston whose
reputation excels ,or exceeds that of Mr. Sraill?.
Mr. Smith is not only aman eminent in the walks
of mercantile and private life, of unspotted integ-
rity, and of unsuspected fairness, but, besides all
that, he is an able man; he is a keen man as well
as an honest man; and do you want to know the
secret of this hostility to Mr. Smith? 1 have it
in my hand here now.
When the report of the Secretary of the Navy-
communicated to the two Houses of Congress
on the 7iU of December last was published, Mr.
Smith saw, as every man can see that will look
at it, evidence of the grossest and most outrageous
frauds under the published evidence of the Secre-
tary of the Navy—not one of them perpetrated
through the agency of the Navy agents. As be-
came a man of integrity and of keen intellect, he,
in a little pamphlet which I hold in my hand,,
exposed some of these frauds perpetrated, not
through Navy agents, but through officials here
at Washington. He exposed them in his pam-
phlet. Let me call your attention to one^r two
of them. He "found, for instance, in the contract
for sperm oil that a Mr. H. D. Stover, who has
figured considerably in this matter, by some
remarkable coincidence, furnished all the oil for
all the navy-yards on this side of the continent,
at Charlestown—there was none furnished at
Kittery—at Philadelphia, at New York, and at
Washington; and it was a little singular that the
price vaiied from about $1 65agallon up to 44;
tit Charlestown it was 65, at New York $1 68,
at Philadelphia §2 35, and at Washington $2 44—
Stover sweeping the board. It is a little curious
that Stover's bid, in every case, was within a few
cents of the next highest bid. For instance, where
Stover got the contract at #2 44, the next highest
bid was 46, two cents difference, and when he
got it at $168 the next highest bid wasp 70. So
in the various instances wh$re he got it at other
prices, the price that Stover bid in uo instance fell
more than five cents below the next highest bid,
though the difference in prices ranged from 65
to $2 44.
It struck the select committee on naval sup-
plies, who had the subject before them, as ex-
ceedingly curious that one man should be gifted
with such wonderful sagacity as to be enabled so
to gauge his bids at four different yards at such
widely different prices, and just fall a cent or two
below the next highest bidder; and thafe astonish-
ment was increased when, upon a critical exam-
ination of the bids and by evidence given before
the committee by the clerk of the chief of bureau
who executed the contract, it appeared that the
bid of #1 68 a gallon for oil was originally made
at $1 40, and after it was made it was raised
twenty-eight^pents a gallon, and was still two
cents below the next highest bid. I do not know
what the Senate will think about that; i do not
know what the country will think; but I do not
believe there is a man anywhere who can have a
doubt that in some mode known only to the con-
tractor and the bureau with which the contract
was made, the bidderinthatcase wasexactlyad-
vised of the next highest bid, s  thatlie was en-
abled to put his a few cents lower in each case.
Mr. Smith had the audacity to bringthis to light.
