1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3389
Mr. BROOKS. Where does this bill come
from ?
Mr. HIGBY. It is the Senate bill reported
back by the Committee on Public Lan«is.
Mr. BROOKS. How much land is there granted
by it?
Mr. HIGBY. Well, it is about a mile; it is a
gorge w the mountains.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, and
was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Is there any stipulation
in the bill for the preservation of the trees?
Mr. HIGBY. There is.
Mr. EOCJTWELL. I cannotfind suchstipu-
lalion in the bill
Mr. COLE, of California. The State will take
good care of these big trees; the object of this bill
is to prevent their being cut down or destroyed.
The bill was passed.
PRIZE CASES.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, moved that the
House concur in the amendment of the Senate to
the bill of the House to regulate prize proceed-
ings and the distribution of prize money, and for
other purposes.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the amendment of the
Senate was agreed to; and also moved to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
THE SOSCOL RANCHE.
Mr. SLOAN, by unanimous consent, reported
a bill to amend an act of Congress entitled "An
act to grant the right of preemption to certain
purchasers on the Soscol ranche in the State of
Cahforn ia,"
Mr.. BROOKS. How many acres arc there
theie subject to preemption ?
Mr. SLOAN. The bill only authorizes cer-
tain purchasers of invalid Spanish claims to enter
their lands. The whole amounts to about live
thousand acres.
Mr. BROOKS. Has this bill been examined
by the committee?
Mr. SLOAN. It has been fully examined and
discussed before the committee.
The bill was passed.
NATIONAL UNION INSURANCE COMPANY.
Mr. TRACY, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, reported back, with the
recommendation that it do pass, bill of the House
No. 57, to incorporate the National Union Insur-
ance Company of Washington; which received
its several readings,and was passed.
EMPLOYMENT OF REBELS.
Mr. COLE, of California, asked unanimous
consent to offer the following resolution;
Whereas the Committee on Military Affairs, on the 30th
day of May, 1864, by resolutions of this House were,
among other things, uistiucted to make inquiry whether
an> disloyal persons ate employed as clerks in any of the
Departments ot the Government, and if so, who are re-
sponsible foi bUch employment;
Resolved* That s-aid committee be further instructed to
inqune whether or not persons lately in the rebel auny,or
disloyal to the Government, are employed in any capacity
under the Government, or hold places of trust and ptofit
and draw pay fioru the United States ; and that the com-
mittee be authorized to sit during the recess.
Mr. MALLORY objected.
MILITARY OFFICERS IN CONGRESS.
Mr. DAWES. I now call up the resolutions
reported by the Committee of Elections in refer-
ence to the appointment of General Blair. I ask
that they be read, and upon them I demand the
previous question.
The resolutions were read, and are as follows:
Resolved, That "Robert C. Schenck having resigned the
office of major general of volunteers, which he then held,
on the 13th d.iy of A'overiibei, IS6CJ, which resignation was
accepted November 21, lck53. to take effect December 5,
lb63, was not, by teasonot having held such oiHee, dis-
qualified from holding a peat as a Representative m the.
Tliun Eighth Congress, whose fiist session commenced
on the 7th day of December, 1S63.
Resolve</, That Fiatuis I'. I31air, jr., by continuing to
hold the office of major gt neral of volunteers, to winch he
wag appointed November -29,186-2, and to discharge the du-
ties theieot tiil Janua'y 1, 1HH, the date of his resignation,
did thereby decline and dt-quaiity himself to hold the office,
ofRepie^entattve in the Thirty-Eighth Congress the first
session oi which commenced on the first Monday m De-
cember, J8(>3.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the resolutions were agreed to.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolutions were adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NAVAJO INDIAN CAPTIVES.
Mr. PEREA. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House that the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs be allowed to report back a Senate bill in
which the Territory of New Mexico is inter-
ested particularly.
There was no objection.
Mr. WINDOM, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, reported back Senate bill No. 226,
to aid in the settlement, subsistence, and support
of the Navajo Indian captives upon a reserva-
tion in the Territory of New Mexico, with the
recommendation that it do pass. The bill was
ordered to a third reading; and it was accord-
ingly read !he third time, and passed.
Mr. WINDOM moved to leconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be kid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
REPRESENTATION FROM REBELLIOUS STATES.
Mr. DAWES. I now call up House joint res-
olution No. 108, in relation to representation from
States which have been declared by proclamation
in rebellion, reported by me from the Committee
of Elections.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Resolved hy the Senate and House of Representatives of
ike United State4 of America in Congress assembled, That
theie be appointed by the President, by and with the advice
and consent ot the Senate, a commission consisting of three
persons, residents ot States not involved in the pre&entre-
bellion, whose duty it shall be during the recess.of the pres-
ent Congress tovisiuhose States declared by pioelamalion
of the President to have been in lebeilion, and which have
aiieady, or may bcfoie the next session of the present Con-
gress take measmes to reestablish or reorganize State gov-
ernments; and, alter e.trelul examination and hearing of
testimony, repoit to the Piesident lot the information of
Congress at as early a day 111 the ne.vt session as possible
all such evidence as tiiey may be able to obtain upon the
question whether the loyal people m any >uch State have
succeeded In reestablishing a State government, to what
extent such State government represents and has the sup-
port of the lojal people in Mieh State, and what is the ability
of such people therein to maintain the same against do-
me>tic vtoience.
JJnd be itjurther resolved. That until Congress shall be
satisfied, upon evidence submitted to thein, that the rebel-
lion has been so farsupptessed in any such State that there
has been established therein a ritate government, repub-
lican in form and prohibitlngthe existence of slaveiy in the
«amc, and fco firmly established as to be able to maintain
itself against domestic violence, repi escalation from any
such State ought not to be admitted into either branch of
Congress,
Mr. DAVIS. I have no desire to occupy the
attention of the House for a single moment on the
pending joint resolution. The gentleman fiom
Wisconsin [Mr. Brown] has a substitute for the
joint resolution, and when that is submitted 1
propose to call the previous question on the whole
subject.
1 wish to state that thegentlemen from Arkan-
sas aic desirous of asking the indulgence of the
House that one of their number may be heard for
some fifteen minutes in behalf of their people.
Tins resolution is in such form that they will not
be permitted to be heard, and I offer this resolu-
tion so that they may be heard:
Resolved, That the Committee of Elections be instructed
to leport toithvvith upon the credentials of certain gentle-
men claiming to be .Representatives from the State of Ar-
kansas.
\ must have the unanimous consent of the
House to consider these resolutions together.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. I wish to sub-
mit some lemaika to the House on my substi-
tute. I will not take up much time.
Mr. SCHEXCK. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Massachusetts one question. Is this
to he accompanied bv a resolution to give these
gentlemen from Arkansas more pay and mileage
than are received by members of Congress?
Mr. DAWES. That is an ungracious ques-
i tion to put to the Committee of Elections, which
1 has never reported one of the resolutions of that
j character. They have come from other gentle-
I men. Of course the gentleman from Wisconsin j
; will not be precluded by any motion 1 will make, j
! I do not wish to be heard unless remarks hp made 1
which may require it. I want the House to allow
these gentlemen from Arkansas to b^ heard for
fifteen or twenty minutes in behalf of their.people.
That is ail I ask.
Mr. COX. I object to their being heard.
Mr. DAWES. I yield to the gentleman from
Wisconsin to offer his substitute. I regret that
the gentleman from Ohio has not had patience to
hear these gentlemen from Arkansas.
Mr. COX. I do not wish to hear these gentle-
men from Arkansas, as I see no reason in hear-
ing them unless action be taken; and I do not
believe the House or the country is ready for the
question before us. I understand that this reso-
lution is to pave the way for the admission of
these gentlemen.
Mr. DAWES. The object of the resolution
is simply to obtain reliable information for the
House at the next session, so that the House
may have some foundation upon which to act.
All the facts that we have in reference to Arkan-
sas have been obtained from the gentlemen pre-
senting themselves for seats upon this floor. We
do not say that credence should not be given to
what they say, but under the circumstances at-
tending such a case the Committee of Elections
do not think that the whole action of the House
on such an important subject should depend en-
tirely upon the verbal statements of these gentle-
men, however high may be their character. It
appears to the committee that such grave circum-
stances as those which surround the State of Ar-
kansas and those which are like it, justify this
course of proceeding for the appointment of an
impartial commission to go down there and re-
produce before both branches of Congress the
real state of things for the information of the
House.
Mr. COX. 1 desire to say that 1 do not make
this objection from any factious spirit. It is a
matter of grave concern to the House and to the
country as to whether or not this state of Ai kan-
sas shall have even a quasi recognition—1 mean
this new State got up under auspices which I will
not discuss. There is a fear upon the patt of
many members of the House that the State of
Arkansas as at present organized may be used
for some bad purpose at the next presidential
election, and I submit to my friend from Massa-
chusetts, who 1 do not think desires any such
abuse of the electoral college, whether of not we
do not now, without any commission being sent
down there to inquire, know all about th£ condi-
tion of this bogus State proposed to be recognized
here. I am, therefore,, opposed to taking the first
step for the recognition of this so-called State.
Mr. DAWES. Nothing can be done under the
resolution I have proposed here that will con-
tribute or can possibly contribute to anybody's
design, either in creating or in preventing an
electoral vote to that State. I agree with the
gentleman from Ohio that it is a matter of grave
concernment to this House and to the country
what course shall be taken with that State organ-
ization or with the old State organization.
Mr. BLAIR. I ask the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts to give way to me for a few minutes.
Mr. DAWES. 1 stated to the gentleman that
I would yield to him if he would be patient.
As near as I can understand the gentleman
from Ohio, he is battling with one thing while I
am asking another. I do not think he under-
stands the measure before the House. Every
member of this House should recognize the fact
that there is a grave state of things existing in
that State, and States situated like it, which re-
quires at our hands some evidence here as a mat-
ter of record upon which we can act with that
solemnity and gravity which become so grave a
question. Every gentleman can vote for these
resolutions. They commit no gentleman to any
one theory. They postpone necessarily the
question about the admission of those gentlemen
from Arkansas as Representatives until a report
comes m at the next session. They do not touch
the great question as to the electoral college for
two or three reasons: first, it was not within the
jurisdiction of the Committee of Elections to
| report on that; and further, that was a matter
j which we were conscious would elicit great de-
1 bate and difficulty here; and therefore it was the
j desire of the committee so to submit these reso-
> lutions as that every one would recognize just
! what the gentleman from Ohio has stated here,
