1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
14W
Mr. HALE. Before the question of reference j
is put, as there has been an imputation made j
upon the committee, I want simply in justice to
myself to say that if the Senator from Iowa thinks
he has suffered from not having bills that he has
had referred to the committee attended to, it would
have been better if he had attended a single meet-
ing of the committee himself, and not confine his
discharge of duty to finding fault heie on the floor
of the Senate with what the committee do when
he has not favored them with his presence once.
Mr. GRIMES. As to my attention to the com-
mittee, that is a personal matter of which the
Senator from New Hampshire has no jurisdic-
tion. If I choose to serve on that committee, it
is a matter that pertains to my own considera-
tion. If I do^ot, I am not aware that the Sena-
tor from New Hampshire has anything to do
about it.
I have only to say that on the 14th of Decem-
ber last I introduced a bill in relation to this sub-
ject of transferring seamen, and it contained a
provision allowing all the towns throughout New
England to have their recruitments in the Navy
credited to then* military quotas; and after that
bill had slumbered man^weeks m the Naval Com-
mittee, I got an opportunity to append it as an
amendment to the bill introduced by the Senator
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson,], in regard to
calling out the national forces. Several days after
it had been incorporated into that bill, and become
a part of it, the chairman of the Committee on
Naval Affairs came in with my bill, and proposed
to report it, when I gave him the information,
which seemed to be the first time he had ever re-
ceived it, that it had already, so far as the Senate
was concerned, become a law. Here is another
bill upon thfe same subject, and I am not in-
formed that the Naval Committee will move with
any greater celerity in reporting this bill back to
the Senate than they did in reporting that bill back.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The morning
hour having expired, it is incumbent upon the
Chair to call up the unfinished business of yes-
terday as the special order taking precedence of
all other business, and that is the joint resolution
(S. No. 16) proposing amendments to the Con-
stitution of the United States, upon which the
Senator from Iowa [Mr. Harlan] is entitled to
the floor.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope the Senator from Iowa
will yield to allow us to get a vote on this ques-
tion, and dispose of it. There will be no more
debate.
Mr. HARLAN. I have no objection that the
special order shall be passed over informally if
the vote can he taken on this subject.
Mr. CONNESS. I only want a vote.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
lay aside the special order if there be no objection.
[" Agreed."] The question is on the motion to
refer the bill introduced by the Senator from Iowa
to tlie Committee on Naval Affairs.
The motion was agreed to*, ayes twenty-three,
noes not counted
AMENDMENT OF THE CONSTITUTION.
The Senate, as in Committee of the W hole, re-
sumed the consideration of the joint resolution
(S. No, 16) proposing amendments to the Con-
stitution ot the United States, the pending ques-
tion being on the amendment reporied by the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President, the measure
now pending proposes an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the United States. Before this joint
resolution can become effective it must be passed
by a two-thirds vote of each branch of Congress
and receive the approval of the Legislatuies of
three fourths of the States. It cannot then be ob-
jected to on constitutional grounds, for the Con-
stitution itself provides for this mode of amend-
ment. Nor can an objection be well taken to the
action of the Senate at this time on account of the
rebellious condition of a majority of the people
of some of the States of the Union, as has been
urged from the other side of the Chamber, for it
is not contemplated to exclude those States from
account m estimating the majority of votes of the
Legislatures of the States. There are thirty-five
States now in the Union, counting those that have
rebelled. It is expected that thiee more may be
introduced duiing the coming year, making thirty-
eight in all. Three fourths of those, omitting
fractions, would be twenty-nine. Thcie are now
twenty-five States represented in Congress. In-
cluding the three new States that probably will
be introduced we should have twenty-eight, and
we learn that the State of Arkansas, the State of
Louisiana, and also the State of Tennessee are
preparing to resume the seats that their Senators
and Representatives vacated two or three years
since,giving us thirty-one States in all, two moTe
than would be necessary to securea constitutional
majority of all the States, counting those that have
rebelled. Others may also resume their accus-
tomed places m time to vote on this proposition;
in fact, all may do so if they so decide. But if
any should not they would have no just right to
complain; for such as might dissent agreed in en-
tering the Union to abide by such amendments as
three fourths of the States should desire, notwith-
standing the objections of a minority not greater
than one fourth. Nor could they plead exemp-
tion on accountof disability to act occasioned by
their own rebellion, for it is a settled principle of
law that no one has a right to plead or take ad-
vantage of his own wrong. And if not, he may
not plead a disability growing out of his own
wrong. And it is contemplated that all shall be
counted as opposing the amendment who do not
vote for it. If any of the disabled States would,
if the disability did not exist, support the meas-
ure, they could not complain of its adoption, and
if they would m that case vote against it, ^pd are
counted against it, they would have no cause of
complaint. Then, as it seems to me an aigu-
ment on the constitutionality of this measure
would be misapplied, the simple question is pre-
sented to the Senate of the propriety of the policy
suggested by the amendment contained m the
joint resolution, and it is on that question that I
propose briefly to address the Senate.
Ought this policy to be adopted by the United
States? Ought the Constitution of the United
States to be so amended as to abolish slavery or
to prevent the existence of slavery in all the
States of the Union?
It is insisted from some quarters, and has been
suggested in discussion here on the floor of the
Senate, that any provision of a Constitution
which would interfere with the rights of individ-
ual members of the community to private prop-
erty should be rejected; that the right to property-
does notoriginate in the Constitution or laws, that
it existed preceding the organization of society,
and that the great object of the organization of
society must have been to protect, among other
things, the right of the individual to his private
possessions. And I accede to the truth of this
allegation. I have attempted to enforce it on the
floor of the Senate when other questions were be-
ing discussed. I do not believe it would be good
policy for the people of any State or any nation
to mcoiporate a piovision in their fundamental
law that would abiogate the private rights of in-
dividuals. Concede their power to do so, I think the
policy would be wrong Hence I proceed to in-
quire into the nature of the title to the kind of
property which would be affected by the adoption
of trie amendment pioposed in the joint resolution
—the foundation on which the claim to property in
the service of others as slaves is based; and in doing
so it will not be amiss, 'I trust, to stale that it is
conc«ded, I think, by the writers on elementary
law that property was originally the gift of G-od;
that the title of the individual to propeuy origin-
ates m the labor and skill and toil which he uses in
reducing it to possession and in enhancing its value
after it may haVte been nghtfully acquired; that
each member of society has the light to go to the
common storehouse of ocean and field or forest,
and draw from the common supplies; that all may
enjoy this right alike, but that when any individ-
ual of society shall, by the applhanon of labor
and skill, a< quire the possesion of any of the
products of the sea, fields, forest, or oi the air,
so much as has been thus rightfully reduced to
possession becomes his personal private property,
it is also conceded, 1 think, by all that the in-
creased value of those possessions growing out
of labor and skill on the part of the possessor
belongs to the person wljo has applied the labor.
To asseit the reverse would be equivalent to de-
nying the title of the Almighty to the workmnn-
"slup of His jjands; for wh.o better right can th^re
be to property than the right of the creator to the
thing which he has made* If the individual, then.
has by his labor or skill created an additional value
to the thing rightfully possessed, his title ought to
be considered absolute.
Now, Mr. President, this principle -may be ap-
plied to the title or right of individuals to the ser-
vice of another, whether claimed under an ex-
press or an implied contract. That property may
exist in the services of others will hardly be seri-
ously questioned. The right of property in man,
as such, is sometimes denied, but I think this is
rather a technical than a real objection. I thirvk
all admit that title to the service of men may be
acquired by contracts both express and implied.
It is certainly so with the title of the parent to
the services of his children during the years of
Aheir minority. All people, savage, civilized, and
enlightened, admit that the parent may rightfully
control the services of his own offspring fora
given period; he may apply their labor for his
own benefit, or he may contract for its perform-
ance for the benefit of another. But-it is univer-
sally admitted that this right of the parent to con-
trol the services of his child grows out of the ap-
plication of labor and skill and means on his part
in providing food, raiment, and shelter, and in-
struction for the child during the years of the
child's helplessness, and that having received this
bounty from the parent the child is under obliga-
tions to return an equivalent; he is under obliga-
tions to serve the father and the mother until he
shall have restored to them an equivalent for the
labor and means that they have applied for his
welfare during the period of his inability to serve
and, protect himself. In this country it is sup-
posed tkat this obligation is discharged by the
offspring in from eighteen to twenty-one years
from the date of birth. 1 think in no civilized
country is the period of minority extended be-
yond the age of twenty-five years. When once
this obligation shall have been discharged by the
child tmd the period of his minority shall have
been terminated, the reason for the obligation
ceasing, the child acquires a right to control his
own labor. The same principle, I think, is in-
volved m the title of the community to the set-
vice of paupers and vagrants. Having provided
him with shelter, food, raiment, and protection,
the community acquires a right, a just title to the
service of the pauper or the vagrant until it shall
have received m return a just equivalent for the
means thus applied for his benefit.
The same principle rs involved in express con-
tracts. It is held, I believe, by all jurists that
a contract without consideration is void; or at
least it is voidable on proving the absence or fail-
ure of consideration. Then theie isno difference
in principle between an express and an implied
contract; the validity of both depends on the ex-
istence of a consideration rendered. This leads
me to inquire for the origin of th# title of the slave-
holder to the services of the slave. Whence did
it originate? What has he done for his slaves
that places them under obligations to serve him?
If you prens this question he will say that he
bought his slave. Well, of whom did he buy
him, and whattitle had the vender to the property-
sold? He bought him of another, and so back
m the chain of title until finally you will be told
that he conquered him on the battle-field; he was
a captive m war; and the conqueror on the battle-
field acquired the right to control the vanquished,
the prisoner; and according to the usage of civil-
ized nations this right would continue until the
prisoner thus captmed is fairly exchanged, or
until the end of the war, when the prisoner would
have Lo abide the conditions of the terms of peace.
Now, I will suppose that the prisoners thus cap-
tured are never exchanged; that no terms are ever
agreed upon; that the war never ends, or that in
selling the conditions of peace the freedom of the
prisoner is not included; and then it will follow
that the title of the victor to the vanquished would
continue during his natural life; but the captor
could not,on any principles of justice with which
we are acquainted, extend his claim beyond this
period. And if not, whence his title to the ser-
vices of the captive's offspring, from generation
to generation ? According to our ideas of justice,
ltwould be wrong to punisha child for thecrimes
of his father; it would be very cruel to visit_on
the offspring the misfortune of the parent. We
are toM by the divine writer that the saying
should no longer be maintained in Israel that the
fathers have eaten sour grapes and that the cnil-
