1488
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 6,
dren's teeth are set on edge. Whence, then, the
origin of the slaveholder's title to the services of
the slave's childien ? Here is the only answer
that can be given: Partus stquitur ventrem. This
is the whole titie, the title-deed: the offspring1
follows the condition of the mother.
But why is the offspring required to follow the
condition of the parent? is the question at issue.
On what reason is this claim founded? To as-
sert the existence of the custom, in law Latin, is
not an answer to the inquiry. Finding the alle-
gation in the Latin tongue, or in the old Roman
code, may be satisfactory proof of the existence
of the custom of enslaving the children of slave
mothers among the old nations. As a historical
fact this may be admitted, it may be admitted
that this custom has been handed down to the
Christian era,and to the present times, and is even
now maintained in someof theStatesof theUnion.
But this does not answer the question as to the
origin of the title, the reason by which it is sup-
ported, or the justice of the claim. For polyg-
amy has had an equal antiquity; it, too, existed
among the old nations, including the Hebrews,
who lived under a theocracy, and it too has been
handed down from them to the new era and has
been tolerated by some of the nations to the pres-
ent hour, and until within two or three years last
past was tolerated by the local laws of a Terri-
tory within the jurisdiction of the United States.
If antiquity justified the one does it not equally
justify the oth6r?
But again, sir, the immolation of human vic-
tims and their sacrifice to idols made of stocks
and stones and beasts and creeping things and
imaginary deities, representing the basest pas-
sions known to the human mind, had great an-
tiquity; that custom, too, has been tolerated fiom
the beginning of history down to the present
moment. If antiquity of a custom justifies it, is
not this abomination as equally well sustained as
slavery ?
At a very early period, we are informed in his-
tory, men ate the flesh of those whom they van-
quished m battle; and even that loathsome custom
now exists in someof the populous islands of the
southern seas. If antiquity of the custom justi-
fies the enslavement of the children of the slave
mother does it not equally well justify this hor-
rible custom also*
But it may belaid that the slave mother, owing
all the service which she can reasonably perform
to her master, can have no time or means to apply
in the support of her own offspring, and therefoie
whatever of labor or means may be applied by
her in pioviding for her children belongs to the
owner of the mother, so that the offspring in that
case would not owe service m return to the mother,
but to the mother's owner. Admit this to be true,
and it will follow that the owner of the slave
mother will aequire as good a title to the services
of the children as the mother herself otherwise
would have held had she not been a slave, and
no better title. But we have seen a moment since
that her title cannot reach beyond the period of
the child's minority. Just so soon as the child
shall have returned to the mother an equivalent
for the care and labor applied by her m the sup-
port of the child dunng the yeais of its helplesx-
ness, her title ccascs. Then if the owner of a
slave mother takes the name title, and no more,
the slavoiyof the children of a slave mother can-
not justly extend beyond the period of the child's
minority, lhon I inquire whence the claim of
title to the services of the child of a slave mother
after the penod of its minority; after it shall
have paid (he cost of us keepingdunn^- the years
of its helpless infancy? To say that slaveholders
treat thur slaves well is no sufficient answer.
This may or may not be true, with indifference
I suppose that in point of fact a good man who
may become the owner of slaves would treat
them well; but a bad man would treat them ill,
and the slaves have no redress. The question'
however, is not a question of treatment; it is a'
question of title. I inquire whence the origin of
the title of the slaveholder to the offspun| of a
slave mother after the period of its minority?
To say that the sia\e is black or coloied is no
suiTicient answer. This may 01 may not be true
with porA.ct indifference; and where this law Latin
originated, a majority of the slaves were, in point
of tact, white. Slaves of Rome were not usually
colored men of African origin. They were in-
differently those whom the Romans conquered in
battle and compelled to pass under the yoke.
Color at Rome was not even a badge of degrada-
tion. It had no application to the question of
slavery. A very large majority of the slaves that
have existed during the past ages have been either
Asiatics or of Caucasian origin.
It cannot be claimed that the superiority of the
owner of a slave is a sufficient answer; for here,
too, the owner may or may not be the superior of
the slave whose services he claims without affect-
ing the question at issue. It is not a question of
equality or inequality between the party claiming
and the party supposed to owe service. The
question is one of right, notof relative excellence.
If it were a claim for a debt, payable in coin or
lands, and not in labor, who would be so crazy
as to allege the superiority of the plaintiff in na-
tive endowment and acquirement to the defendant?
Would he not plead and prove title, or valuable
consideration rendered, and there rest? So it
would be m a just claim for services.
Nor is it a sufficient answer to say that the
slave belongs to a pauper race, that he requires
the guardianship of some one else to protect him
from ill. This, too, may be true or not true, with
perfect indifference. The question is not whether
those thataie held to be slaves in this country
have the capacity to provide for their own wants
unaided by others. The question is a question
of title to the services of the adult children of a
slave mother. In point of fact, this incapacity
does not exist. The allegation is refuted by the
condition of this class of people around us here
in this district in sight of the Capitol. There are
here probably fifteen or twenty thousand free
colored people providing for their own wants,
providing for themselves food and raiment and
shelter, sustaining their own schools and their
own churches, paying their own medical bills,
and burying their own dead. There are in Ma-
ryland to-day probably between eighty and one
bundled thousand of these fiee colored people in
a like condition, not dependent upon the white
race for their support or guidance as guardians.
There are m the free States probably to-day be-
tween five hundred thousand and a million of free
colored people in a like condition, providing for
their own wants in every respect, a very small
percentage of them being paupers or vagrants,
or in any way dependent on the support of the
white race.
But again, sir, the churches a few years since
planted a colony of Africans at Liberia, on the
African coast. That colony gradually grew and
expanded, incrrased m numbers and strength and
wealth, until it was organized as a distinct and
pel feet civil government, with its executive, its
legislature, and its judiciary, since which it has
been increasing still more rapidly and subjugating
and bringing within its control the territory of the
tribes which surround it, just as our fatheis ori-
ginally subjugated the continent on which we live.
This State thus organized, has grown tn import-
ance until its existence as an independent Slate
has been acknowledged by the great nations of
the world, including the United States.
In the face of these facts, is it proper for an
American Senator to assert as a reason for the
continuation of shivery in this country that these
people are incapable of pioviding for their own j
wants? The allegation is refuted by the condi- j
tion of multiplied thousands of colored men right !
around the steps of the Capitol. It is refuted by j
the condition of tens of thousands of colored poo- \
pie in the State of Maryland, of which this Dis- !
triet was originally a pait. It is refuted by the j
existing condition of between half a million and j
a million of this class of people in the free States '
of the North. It is refuted by the present condi- j
tion of an independent nation on the shores of i
Africa. [
But, Mr. President, if the allegation were true :
in pointof fact, it does not give title to the claim- '
ant to the services of the adult offspring of a slave, j
nor docs it impose on the claimant or master as i
an individual any obligation to provide for the i
slave's necessities, to become the voluntary guard- !
lan of his person or property. The question of;
capacity is a question for the community to de- '
ciae,and not for the creditor who claims the ser-
vices of the adult slave as a debtor. Whether
the party be compos or non compos is a question
fit for a judicial tribunal to settle. If settled
against the slave,a guardian should be appointed
for his person and property, just as you do when
the party thus found to be non compos belongs to
a different race. And here I may be pardoned
foi diverting far enough from the train of my ar-
gument to state that 1 do not apprehend any in-
terruption in society which could possibly flow
from the immediate liberation of all the slaves in
the United States. A vast majority of them are
capable of taking care of themselves. It is a fact
that needs no proof. They have demonstrated
it before our eyes, they have satisfied your Army
of this truth.
Nearly every soldier and officer that is now
serving, or who has been heretofore serving in
the rebel territory, has become convinced that a
vast majority of the colored people are capable of
providing for their own wants. This fact has long
since been demonstrated to the satisfaction of the
great nations of the world, who have accordingly
abolished slavery within their several dominions.
But if this were not true, it any considerable por-
tion of them would probably become paupers or
vagrants, society can protect itself from danger
from this source by applying to them the same
laws which are applied to paupers and vagrants
of the white race. There is not in the Union proba-
bly a single State that has not at this time well-
digested laws on the subject, making itthe duty of
the appropriate judicial officers to try the question
of incapacity and vagrancy whenever it arises,
and when found to be necessary, to appoint guard-
ians, requiring bond and approved security for
the faithful execution of the trust, to secure the
application of the proceeds of the pauper or va-
grant's labor for the promotion of his welfare or
the support of those legally dependent on him.
This could not possibly occasion any shock to
societyyor endangerits peace and prosperity. All
will be made secure by applying to paupers and
vagrants of African descent the same principles
and laws now m force and applied in every State
of the Union to paupers and vagrants of Cauca-
sian origin. All that can be necessary will be the
application of just laws precisely as these laws
aie applied to members of the white lace.
If then there is no sufficient title to the service of
the adult children of a slave mother existing in
the considerations that I have cited, I repeat the
inquny again, whence the origin of the title; on
what sufficient reason is it based ? It is not found
at common law. This is admitted by all jurists,
all elementary writers on the subject. I will not
consume the time of the Senate with the argu-
ment of this position. This is deemed useless
where the authorities are uniform. I will content
myself with making two or three citations only.
In giving the opinion of the Court of King's Bench
in Sommersett's case Lord Mansfield said:
"The Mate of .slavery is of Mich a nature tbnt it is inca-
pable of being in trod need on any i canons, moral or poFitical,
but only by po>ittve law, winch pte.serves its foiee long
alter tlx* u asons, occasion, and time itself, fiom whence
it was cieated, from the memory; it k of a natuie
that nothing can be miOci od to suppoit it but positive law.''
In the Died Scott case, Mr. Justice McLean
said:
" For near a century the decision in Sommersett's case
ha-; lenuuned the law ot England. - The case of the slave
Grace, decided by Lord Htowell in 1827, doe  nor, as has
been supposed, overrule the judgment of Loid Mansfield.
Loid Stoweii field that, (hiring the le-idence of the slave
m England, 'no dominion, authonty, or coercion can be
exeicisivi ovei linn."1' * * * * * *
'• Theie is no oihei description of property which was riot
pioteeted m England, bioii2ht from one of its slave islands.
not !hi> show that piopettv in a human being does not
an-e lioni naune or from the common law, hat. in the
laneuatre of tins eouit, ' it is a m'-ie munieipal regulation,
founded upon and limited to the lance 01 the leintorial
laws-.'' Tl it- decision i* not a meieaigumcnt, but it H the
end of the law. in legai d to the extc nt or sluverv. Until it
shall be overturned, it is not a ponil for aiguiuent. It is
obligatory on mjself and my hieUiren, and on all judicial
tnbunaU over which tins eouit exercises an appellate
power."
And Mr. Justice Curtis, in the same case, said:
"• Slaveiy, being contrary to natural right, iscieatedonly
by mumeipal law. This is i«ot only plain m itsejf, and
agieed bv all writers on the subject, but it i* infeiahle limn
the C'on-titution, and has been explicitly declared by this-
coutt. The Constitution refer* to «5,ives as ' per>ons held
to semen in one State under the laws thereot.7 Nothing
can moie eleaily des-ciibe a status created by municipal
law."
In Piigg vs. Pennsylvania, (10 Pet., 611,) this
comt said:
" The state of slavery is deemed to be a mere municipal
regulation, founded on and limited to the range ol territo-
rial law?." * *******
