3$2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
lar expression complained of was concerned, in, I
think, the thiitcenth resolution of the Senator from
Kentucky, I did not see that the necessary con-
stjuclion was such as had been supposed by the
Senator from Massachusetts and the Senator from
Michigan, and that not being the necessary con-
struction, T did not feel bound to put the most
violent construction upon it, especially in the face
of the disclaimer of the Senator from Kentucky.
Then, with regard to the other portions of the
resolutions which I designated as abusive, I said
that I did not believe it was good policy or good
sense to pass votes of censure for language used
in reference to the Executive Government, the
Administration; that it was very important, in
my judgment, to allow the largest limit for the
expression of opinion on that subject, and that I
would not pass a vote of censuie by reason of it.
That was substantially the ground which I tool*.
Whether language had been used which was a
breach of privilege, I did not choose to discuss;
for myself, I did not undertake to act on that
ground.
Mr. HOWARD. The honoiable Senator from
Maine is entirely correct as to the fact that he ut-
tered then the sentiments which he repeats now.
He certainly did express these same sentiments
in the discussion yesterday; but 1 understood the
honorable Senator to go much further m his dec-
larations to the Senate than he now goes. I un-
derstood him to say that he could conceive of such
a condition of public affairs, of such conduct on
the part of the Executive Government, or those
charged with the administration, as to justify a
Senator here m invoking the intervention of in-
surrectionary proceedings on the part of the peo-
ple. Sir, 1 do notunderstand the honorable Sen-
ator evon now to disclaim that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir; I repeat it.
Mr. HOWARD. Well, sir, that is the very
point ubout which 1 rose to speak. 1 dissent from
that view. I do not hold it to be the right of a
Senator of the United States, or of a Representa-
tive in Congress, so to call upon the people under
uuy conceivable circumstances, under our Gov-
ernment, in which he would be justified in mak-
ing such an appeal. When a Senator comes into
this body, he takes an oath to support the Con-
stitution of the United States. That is his sworn
duty; and i submit to the Senate that when a
Senator under any circumstances of public affairs
shall rise in his place heie and invoke the Senate
ami the country to resort to insurrectionary meas-
ures against the Government, he is acting in hos-
tility, m antagonism to the very oath which he
lias taken.
Mr. PESSENDEN. Will my honorable friend
allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. HOWARD. Certainly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Suppose that a Senator
believes and sees, and it is patent, that the Execu-
tive Government is engaged^ taking measures
actually to overthrow the Government ami the
Constitution of the United States,as a remedy for
which there is nothing but insurrection or rebel-
lion against, them, that bring the only remedy,
will the Senator say that he would submit to that
or would not advise the people to take it into then-
own hands find prevent thatwiong, in order to
save the Constitution and not to overthrow it?
Mr. HOWARD. Such a state of things is not
conceivable
Mr. FESSENDEN. i said I could conceive of
it. 01 coutse if ihe Senator cannot, it is a differ-
ent matter with him.
Mr. HOWARD I cannot conceive of such a
state of things under the Constitution. If the Pres-
ident of the United States shall himself become a
rebel, if he shall take aims in his hands or em-
ploy the Army or the Navy of the United States,
or rxeicise any of his other executive functions
for the duoct and palpable purpose of ovei throw-
ing the Government of the United Staus, then,
sir, he becomes a traitor and is deserving of a
traitoi *s doom.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What remedy, then, is
there but insurrection r
Mr. HOWARD. You would hardly call a ris-
ing of the people to assert their rights and to main-
tain their Go vernmont against a traitoi in the exec-
utive ch.ur an insurrection. It would bean abuse
of terms.
Mr. FESSENDEN. You may call it what you
like. That was the idea that 1 conveyed palpably,
that I could conceive of a state of things when the
people must use and take matters into their own
hands, not to overthrow the Government, but to
protcct and to preserve it. That was the idea.
Mr. HOWARD. If I understood the language
of the Senator, it was that he could conceive of a
state of things in which the conduct of the Ex-
ecutive Government might be so tyrannical and
oppressive as tojusUify an insuirection.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Precisely. I say thatstill.
That is the same idea in different words.
Mr. HOWARD. I can conceive of no such
legal state of things. We are sworn to support
the Constitution of the United States, and by that
oath we are bound. The support of that Consti-
tution implies every reasonable effort which we
can make on our part to uphold and continue that
Constitution in force, and to preserve the Govern-
ment organized under it.
I set up no particular immunity in favor of the
Executive Govern men tofthe United States against
debate in this body or in the body at the other end
of the Capitol. I claim for them no immunity. I
set up no impeccability on the part of the President
of the United States by which he is to be shielded
either from resolutions or from debates uttered in
this body. The conduct of the executive officers
is as much a subject of fair comment in this body
as the conduct ofcuuy other portion of the people
of the United States, and nobody will pretend to
deny it. Sir, I go fuither; I hold it to be our
rightfully to discussand to express our opinions
upon every act of the Executive Government, al-
though that act may turn out to be a full and just
foundation for an impeachment of the President
of the United States. We arc acting herein our
legislative capacity; but when the question shall
arise before us asajudicial body whether the Pres-
ident or any other individual charged with high
crimes and misdemeanors is actually guilty of the
charge, we must then assume the judicial func-
tions, and pass upon the question impartially, and
uceoiding to < ui oaths of office.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Suppose he has an army
at his back, and will not submit to judicial trial,
what will you do then?
Mr. HOWARD. He is then a rebel; he is then
an outlaw.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What can you do then
but fight him, or call on the people to fight him ?
Mr. HOWARD. The Senator from Maine
may put me a thousand questions as to what
might arise from a state of absolute and uni-
veisal anaichy throughout the country, and I
should be just as unable to answer them as he;
but I am speaking of a Government of law as it
now exists. 1 should be very likely to fight, and
fight, I dare say,as sharply and thoroughly as the
Senator from Maine would in the case which he
supposes.
but, sir, I hold it not to be the right of a Sen-
ator here by resolution or in debate to teach or
inculcate treason oi insuirection. It is contrary
to the oath which we have taken. It conflicts
with the very essence of the fust duty which we
owe to the Government and to the people living
under it. It is an attempt in the highest possible
place of the Government to assassinate the Gov-
ernment itself and to throw the country into ab-
solute anarchy; and it was on account of this
opinion of mine that I atgued somewhat strenu-
ously, but I still think justly and fairly, the pio-
pnety of censmingthe Senator from Kentucky
for the string of icsolutions which he has intro-
duced, and which in my judgment do inculcate
treason and insurrection. I shall not, however,
as 1 remarked before, interpose any objection to
the course that my friend from Massachusetts
may see fit to take with his icsolution.
Mr. WILSON. I yield, Mr. President, to no
man in or out of the Senate in devotion to free
speech,to a free pi ess, to fiee men,toa fiee coun-
try, to a free world. During more than twenty
years of public life, at all times 1 have endeav-
ored, by precept and example, to sustain the free-
dom of speeeh, the fiee do m of the ptess,and the
freedom of man of every clime and race. Cut,
sir, while I believe in the freedom of speech and
of action, here and everywhere, I also believe in
the right of the nation to hold men responsible
for their woids and their nets when those words
and acts give aid and comfoit to enemies who are
seeking to blot it from the muster-toll of nations.
Tlit; laud usounds wo.ii the ttcad of more than a
million of armed men; its waters are reddened
and its fields are stained by the blood of civil war.
The nation is staggering under the blows rained
upon it by armed treason. The President of the
United States is bending beneath the burden that
presses upon him in his gigantic labors to carry
the Republic through the fire and blood of revo-
lution to peace,freedom, and unity. The Presi-
dent of the United States is known at home, is
known abroad, is known by everybody to be one
of the most moderate, just, humane, kind, and
generous of men. Honest, conscientious, mag-
nanimous, he ever leans to the side of humanity.
This Chief Magistrate, whose name is as immor-
tal as though it were written in letters of light ot)
the bending arches of the skies, is arraigned be-
fore the Senate and the country by the Senator
from Kentucky in a long series of accusative and
vituperative resolutions, if guilty of the accu-
sations preferred against him by the Senator from
Kentucky, Abraham Lincoln is the enemy of his
country, of the liberties of the^people, and de-
serves to die a tyrant's death arfflr leave a tyrant's
name in the history of the Republic. The pen of
Jefferson did not trace in the Declaration of In-
dependence a series of the misdeeds of a,British
king so wanton and wicked as the accusations
made in these resolutions by the Senator fi om Kem
tucky against the Piesident of the United States,
whom he was pleased to denounce the other day
as "Abraham tho First." But these accusations,
born of partisan malignity, fail harmless at the
feet of a Chief Magistrate who is shielded by the
confidence, affection, and gratitude of the Amer-
ican people.
The Constitution of the United States imposes
upon the American people the imperative duty of
electing the Chief Magistrate of the Republic.
When the Thirty-Sixth Congiess assembled four
years ago, the nation was prepaiing itself to dis-
charge that transcendent duty. Then there came
into these Halls the bold, airogant, and domineer-
ing chiefs of the slavemasters, who threatened to
dismember this Union of constellated Common-
wealths if the people of America should duie elect
a Chief Magistrate opposed to their sway over
the councils of the nation. The Senate Chamber
rang with passionate, vehement, and fiery men-
aces of disunion. It was our painful duty to sit
here and listen to these treasonable menaces; but
we hurled them back, and branded the men who
uttered them as traitors to then country. Here
upon this floor we told these plotters of treason
that when the bloody wotk they threatened should
begin, we of the North would be the last to go
into it, but we would not be the first to come out
of it; and to-day they are learning by the bitterest
experiences that our defiant words are made true
by the constancy and valor of loyal freemen. The
ear of the nation grew weary during the first ses-
sion of the Thirty-Sixth Congress with threats
of civil war. But i he American people in conscious
strength marched to the ballot-box in November,
i860, and made Abraham Lincoln Chief Magis-
trate of the Republic. Then the men who had
threatened to shiver the Union from tui ret to foun-
dation stone leaped into the lebellion, and raised
thestandai d of le volt against their country. When
the Thirty-Sixth Congress reassembled, the lebel
leaders came back again nioi e bold, arrogant, and
defiant than ever. Once again we were then forced
to listen to their treasonable menaces. Hut they
soon left these Chambers, oigamzed the confed-
erate government, seized forts and arsenals, erected
batteries, opened their devouring fires upon Sum-
tei, and plunged the nation into the namelesshor-
rois of civil war. For netuly three years the
nation has been struggling for the preservation of
its menaced life against a revolt whose gigantic
proportions astonish the nations.
When the nation is struggling for existence;
when patriotism bids wealth open its coffers to
meet the needs of the imperiled country; when
patriotism bids fathers and mothers give the sons
of their love and wives their husbands to the har-
vest of death; when patriotism bids the young
men of America m the pride and bloom of man-
hood i ally around the ikg of the endangered coim-
tiy; when mot e than a million and a quai ter have
railiedaround the banners of our unity and power;
when they are toiling and fighting and falling and
emptying then heui ts' blood on the soil of the rebel
States; when in northern churchyards fallen he-
roes sleep their iast&Iuep, when vacant chaiisarc
