2414
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 23,
There can be no doubt what verdict a jury of jt
twelve honest men would render in such a case. |
There is another contract to which I will call the |
attention of the Senate; it was before the Senate :
on another occasion, and a different solution from J
that which is now suggested was then attempted 1
to be given. That is what is called the wrench i
contract, one of the most extraordinary contracts j
tha^ever was entered into. That was a contract !
by which certain articles amounting in price to |
$4,687 were contracted &>r that were in fact worth ;
a little less than $1,600. In other words, about
two hundred per cent, was put upon this contract,
two hundred per cent, put into the pocket of this
ma ft Savage by a contract not made with a Navy
agent, not made with a hard-handed blacksmith,
or a carpenter, or a dishonest sail-maker, or any
of those hardy sons of toil whose hard hands are a
certificate to the honorable Senator of (heir dishon-
esty, but executed at the Navy Department, by
which theGovernment in a transaction amounting 1
to $4,600 was swindled and robbed out of $3,000. j
This was a fact which Mr. Smith brought to the j
attention of the public. He exhibited other facts i
in this pamphlet which 1 hold in my hand, show-
ing that there were erroneous computations made
on the face of the contracts, and on inspection it
appears that there were various otherfrauds,such
as where an article was bid for at 30 cents a figure
1 was put on the left hand, so that it was made to
read $1 30; and various frauds of that kind. Mr.
Smith brought thost* facts to light and published
them, and for it he is entitled to the thanks of |
every man that desires purity in the administra-
tion of the Government. Instead of it he has
received and secured to himself, and probably to
liis children after him, the undying hatred of the
men whose conduct is thus implicated.
Again, Mr. Smith has not only exposed these
wrongs, but he has been guilty of miothei gro&s
offense in the view of the heads of these bureaus.
When his attention was first oalh d to tins sub-
ject of fictitious bidding, he looked hark to years
• ago when it went, on quietly year alter year, and
yearaftct year; and while the piofits of that plun-
der went into Democratic hands not a word was
said against it; but the very first year Mr. Smith's
attention was called to it he did what the Senator
said he ought to have done; he notified the heads
of bureaus and the Scoreuu y o'l the Navy of these
frauds by correspondence. He hud correspond-
ence, too, with the gentleman appointed to pro-
pare a naval code, and made a suggestion of the
very frauds that had been practiced, and the mode
in which they might be piaetieed; and for that,
too, he has committed, in the eyes of these gen-
tlemen, an unpardonable sin.
Mr. GRIMES. Will the Senator allow me to
interrupt htm ?
Mr. HALE. Ceilainly.
Mr. GRIMES. Do 1 understand the Senator
to say that Mr. Smith called attention to these
fictitious bids before lie himself made the fictitious
bids to which 1 alluded?
Mr. HALE. No, srr.
Mr. GRIMES. Be first availed himself of the
law, as I undeistand if, tor a yeai or two, and
then called attention to iictmous bids.
Mr. HALE. 1 havesaid that Mr. Smith is not
only an honest man but he is a keen man. I do
not know that i shall be doingany injustice fo the
Senator from Iowa—I ect tainly do not mean to do
any—if I say to the Senator from Iowa that he is
quite as keen a man as he is, and I think he is a
little keener in one respect. The Senator from
Iowa—I do not mean to say anything unkind or
disrespectful to him—i.s charged and surcharged
with the concentrated venom of all the men that
Mr. Smith has distutbed by wiitmg this pam-
phlet, and he has been so highly charged that he
let some, of it olf befote lie made his speech heie,
as I think the Senator will see when I lead as I
propose to lead Mr. Smith's answer to thespeeeh
of the gentleman, made before the speech was de-
livered. I will read h:
Wa^h^cton*, May 01.U8G-1.
Sir: Having been summoned before the select committee
of tlie Senate on naval supplies to give testimonv concern-
ing the naval tvninict s).-tem, tlie business transactions
with Government of the house of SSimth Brothers & Co.,
o( vi Inch f am a member, an Knowledge it* to the evidence
oflrauduh.nl tian-aerlon-. and several othet subjects having
relation to the above, it occuis 10 me that hom the nature
ol'my testimony tesponsive to interrogatories and it? volu-
minous extent,* tiie most inip</iianf points will not leadily
be recalled by \ou.
I lake the libeity, therefoio, to addiess to you tit in com-
munication, in the endeavor to present a clear and concise
statement of these points.
It has been alleged, as though to our di.-eredit, that our
pioposuls contained fictitious hide. Thi- we have always
openly declared. Why were such fictitious prices inseit-
ed in our proposal*? .because the system established and
acted upon thiough many years, as appears by the repoits
ot the Navy Department, had made such fictitious bids a
necessity for successful competition; and I assert that on
certain classes, sueb as those for which we principally bid,
there would have been no probability of ohtauung con-
tracts except by fictitious bidding, according to the prece
dents established and published to the world by the Navy
Department.
It was solely by a mathematical analysis of the said pub-
lished reports,revealing to us the piecedents aatoliigh and
low prices on certain articles, that we based our first bids
and obtained our fir&t naval contracts; and we embraced
the earliest opportunity that occurred to piotest, to the
Navy Department, against the system, and expiess a desire
lor its retonn.
This we did within about si* months from the date of
our first contracts, and before their completion. In Feb-
ruary, 186?,we addressed the chief ofthe Bureau ot Yauls
and Docks as follows : j
" We are especially pleased at youralUision to contracts j
and the mode of obtaining them, for it gives us an oppoi - |
tunity we have desired to place 011 iccoul our knowledge :
ofthe system and our expoiiener of its practical re-ults. |
" We believe that join judgment, after long expeuenee, j
inu^'t coincide with'our own, namely: that the contract |
system, as now cxhtmg m two bureaus of the Navy De- j
paitment, is essential!) wrong in contracting lor a eon- ,
tinned supply of a laigc a^oi tmeut of goods upon the low- j
est asgi egate for.ifiactlonal schedule, instead oi a eleai ly ,
defined contiaet indicating what the lmyei Ls to icceive j
and the seller to give duung it* continuance, the ieMilt is I
a lottety to each. Sucli i - the system, and it is the sy-tem ;
tb.it is ru.-pon^fble for tin: ab-uidities that follow, nut the
meichantwho approaches Go\eminent with Ins waies and j
finds this s\stem in his way.
" Now as to the mode of obtaining eontiaet--. We do
not see, with )Ou, that balden? ' p:a'-tiec deception' when
they «tat<: puces * wiihout jeiMKl to the value oi liie niti-
des.' The motive is appai en t 1 r is, as you 1e1n.uk, :• im-
ply i to become the <uk( os>ful bidder m the aggregate.' To
llltistiate: how did we obtain our contractsr
u Tin; wiiterot this, who prepired 0111 bids la-t June,
\va> ne\ er in the naval apaiiment- until in yotu presence
the buls wei<i opened lie h.wl u<<t then a-k<'d a ([tie-.tion
j no 1 did he know an official 01 1 ici k withm the gate- ot the
navy yaid. Having decided to attempt •omeGovcinment
contiiH is, w< .in.ti) /.ed liie pnhhviit i[ tf|n>rt-- ul the Depart-
ment m pic vioti-\ cats to<li-co\ ei ihe /null ; and,
ni passing, we would -av we wt 1 e .M on 1-bed that a -y-tenr
(btii !dt sueli iccoid-. ol lutyai 'ii.iu' could ha\ e -o long been
inaint.lined. We reduced th<: price.-- throughout hom ten
to twenty pei cent , and enicied the li-ts. It is foi this
teatou that 'nu schedules nlnaind with mote fictitious
price.* than out own." < \m the Go\ < inmeut tiad lault w nh
fictitious prices that oflei good- imieii le-s than they had
paid upon fictitious puce-. toi many veai-:''
Alter quoting, iroin tiie la-t .scheduler ol merchandise
advertised, description of file. which wcie piobably never
seen in this eoiunry, certainly nevet wanted, we said :
l; The history 01 then 01 igm would he an interesting sub-
ject for antiquatian labot oi u coutiact inveMigating coni-
Jintti'e, a-. «-ueS) sehcdule<- .ip|>eai during su<jcc-:.ive yeais
111 the publisheti couti.nt-oi the buieau.
" We have endeavoied thu-; to make .111 exhibit of the
present sy-tem of coati.icts, the mode ol obtaining them,
and then perchance re-alts. We -hall be alud to aid any
etfoit to replace it bv one inoredistinetin it^demands upon
the seller of merchandise, and therefmc fur moie agreeable
to those who would be bonoiable competitois I'oi (Govern-
ment patronage.51
An exhibit was made in this paper, al-o, of our dehv-
eri''- o| nieichandise to date, at high ami low puces, proving
tb.it the aveiage had haidly equaled a tan meicantile jate
of fnofit.
1 dt-eus-ed thisMibjectagain morefuliy in Febi uaiy,1863,
in a papei addre-srd n  the huiioiuble ^cdet.uy oi tlic
Navy, and to Hon. C, 1?. Sedgwick, as follows:
4i'j'bc evils of tin' contract sjstem of the Navy Depait-
ment have e,\isted foi many > cai s. The disadvantages that
have Jollowed to the (Joveiniuent have been mhcient in
the system n^ell. in two hiueaus of the Department a
\\-tem <>l*pro[)osals bj advertisement iias been maintained
til.it in 1 csiilt was a in< jc matter ot 1 banco to the respective
parties.
"Thus in the Buieau of Vaida and Docks it has been
customary loadveiu-e toi a great vanety of ai tides, winch
were only to be called for if \\ anted. The chance, ther(;fbic%
for the biddei to calculate upon is what amdes will be
wanted.
'• In the Bureau of Constuiction it has been the eu-toni
to adveiti^e tor a quanta) of a^-otti d meidiandisc, with
the Mipulaiion th.it any additional amount of eitliei kind
is to be fui nished dm mir Hie fi-cal yeai a-' may be demanded,
ilex; the diance loi the biddei to c uusider is what quantities
will be,wanted.
" Thus the schedules advertised liavi; been no fixed cri-
teiiori as to wlmt i^ reailv to l>e supplied.
If tiie contracts of the I)< p.irtmcnt, as published for
yeais pa-t, he analv/.ed, it will be tound that, a system of
balding lias been maintained by which the merchandise
udvcitised lias been oiTeied to the CSpVernment at veiy
mndi !p«s tinui its value in the market, the biddeis having
calculated according to theii estimate ofthe leal wants of
Government. Th" law has required that the lowest bid in
ugiM< gat<^ upon tiie whole should be accepted.
''The mcichant, theiefoto, who would approach Gov
eminent with his offer must follow these old piecedents or
be entirely distanced by his competitors. Honorable mer-
cantile houses have dinned and uiged a reform in the sys
tem that would place the transactions of tiie Department
upon a more legitimate basis fo all parties concerned.
Now as 10 Hie piactical results of t!i< sy-tem. Ab-unl
as it ptoves to he in its details, the lecord of out hucine^
proves that in tiie aggregate jt is a5- likely to prove favor-
able to the Government as to the conitdctor, though a lot-
teiy to each., Government pays large puces lorsome arti-
cles. Jt receives others for meie nothing. The figuies
annexed are the basis of 0111 opinion that upon the entuu
amount of our yeai's business with your buieau the aver-
age per cent, of piolit will not exceed or equal *h fnii mer-
cantile rate.5'
The Remedy.
'•The bill reported by tlie committee is an advance to-
watd remedy in jt the evils of the system. In two of its pro- .
: visions, however, m our judgment, if 1* detective:
" 1. By piovirling (section two, line five) that there may
| be an increase of h.ty per cent, or a deeiease of twenty-
I five per cent, upon the quantities advcitised, the game of
; chance is still open.
s '• Ljot the Navy Depnitmcnt, a^ the War Department,
advertise for precisely what is to be teceived ; nu mote, no
less. There can then be no 'nominal pneo-i.' They will
disappear, lot the meiehant will know that the merchan-
dise desettbed js to he furnished."
According to my locommendatton,the bill then before
Congress was nmended, and by the joint resolution of
Match 3, 1^3, hunting quantities to no more and no less
than tlione ad vet tised, the evil ol fictitious bidding was rem-
edied ; and, in ngieement with my piodietion, thence alter-
ward fictitious buls disappeared.
The eaiJiest repoi t ol the tfceietaiy in my possession is'
for the yeai 185."i-ao,
Items fiom contracts therein are as follow-1 round iron,
1 coins pei pound; tliinible lion. I cent per pound ; eopaj
vanish, $3 per gallon j coacb vami-h, ^ cents per gallon,
&.c , Sic.. See.
In a contract for 18.10-57, Iaige and costly files ate at i
cent per dozen.
For the Oharle <to\vn yard, American iron, common -i7.es
oi round, 1- at-I1, cent* pel pound; Russia siieet non,2
cents per pound.
The eontiacts for 1830-01 j-how the increase of fictitious
bidding.
The following are but specimens of many items therein :
('ontraetof Ilottou. Hall & Co., tor Clnule-towu yard,
with Ouienu of Vards and Docks. lound tion, 0 e vnts per
pound; iron wire, 1 ecnt'per pound; -teel, 17 cents per
pouiui; steel wire, 1 cent per pound; speim oil, s-t '{O per
gallon; neat's foot oil, 10 cents pet gallon.
Contiaet of J. L. ^,iv ige, fot Gn^poi t: half round has
laid files, ]•] inch, (worth ?i>.) for $10; dead Mtiooth bas-
tard lile-«. 12 inch, (worth for 2 cent-; three squaie
liie-, 10 nidi, (vv 01 til .5 I ) toi 1 1 r nt, , &e. Niiifs,
Id. to 4!Jil , 3} ccnta per pound; nail-, -U inch, } eeiil per
pound.
In the 11011 con ti act foi Ch.u lestowu • 1 ound non is a I
cent- per pound ; fi.it non, cent- per pound ; sliect inni,
0 cent-per pound; ea-t sfeol, 18 cents pet pound; bli^et
Steel, ( ellis per pound.
The ie< oids ol the buieau will show that of profitable
at tides under the last-named contiaet, quantities w -re de-
ll veicd enormously ul excess of the face of the contiaf t as
advvi used.
And it is further to be remarked, that while .^ome ol the
prices above quoted aie tat inoieficlitiou- than any 111 our
contract--, they are tiansmitted to the Secietat \ and to Cou-
<jress without any ieilection-< upon the bidder^, any sug-
gestions forrefottn, any commeuis whaievei. in the lepojt
of the select committee 011 n.t\al afiairs and expei'ditftie^,
1809, Adunial Small gives evidence as to a contract lor
railioad ron at hi) cent^ per ton, worth $70 ; other articles
ot non being " double a fair pnee." Hut J find no dimen-
sion of the bad featines 01 the contiaet system ; not a u oid
ot aiguim nt or piotcsta^auistthe ft-atiiie ot unlimited sup
plies duung a y< ar which forced him 10 contract i<.1 Kid-
mad non at BO cents pet ton woitli §70.
Such were the extiaoidmary agicements enteied into by
citi/.err tradesmen on the first pait,and the Government
ofthe •' United S.ates" the second pail,1' accotvling lo
law and piactice. meanwhile undistuibed. Although 111
the case ol the raihoad non a dispute, oecuried, and the
eonfraetot was ietu-ed ^ettlcmi'iit, )et otirei- inn-t have
obtained settlements and seemed pioftts on like fictitious
piopo-als, as above quoted, 01 the same parties would not
have com 111 u< d as contiactots through a pei lod of yeais.
We lesolved. upon tiie sjguatuie of otn fir-t conti acts, to
spare no etlort for a remedy lor such abaiud recoids ol
U,ui«ictioiis with the Government, in a Jew months we
recorded our prote-t against it; ami before the fxpiiauoit
ofthe seeond yeai accomplished a jemedy as above stated.
A-to the piofils on contiaet-undei mch a system we
remark :
Fiisr. that it the profits bad been laige. they would
have been rightfully obiaitied, undei contiacls d;<vjsed by
the buieaus, and iaithlully executed by ouiselves. ,
Second, we have placed swoiu t<'-tin ony beloio your
select committee that the aveiage per cent, of piofit, (oif-
settmggains by lo?ses, under tiie old contiaet.-y-tem.) upon
contracts undt r the new law and upon open pmcnast«,
duiingtlueeyear.s ofGovemmr-nt bu-iue--, ha- not equ.iled
the tate of piofit meanwhile upon our regular bu-hies-s in
Boston and New Yoik as wholesale metchants.
Again, we icunnd you that as to tiie deliveries under
our coutiads, we have no option but to tiii requisitions
made upon Us. Nor have we demurred a-s to unpiofitable
otdeis upon u.-, except m two eases, against which we
protested, as illegitimate, and eotitraiy to the intent d the
contracts. We lCpliedtothe Chief of the Ikneau oi Con-
struction thus.
" Neither tiie spirit nor letter of the contract^ demand - of
us to mpply mateual not to be wanted until the) eat !8t>3-6-};
or to fmmsh merchandise when deniand<'d, becaiiio ohu
cheapness, in ictaliation 101 other legitimate -ab's. The
possible wants beyond the face ot the contracts are nmat-
ter in which the Government and contiactor take their
advantage or loss, as the necessity lor use may arise."
No further claim was made upon ua for tiie lequisition
debated.
"We are informed of a suspicion ot allegation of collusion
