1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3391:
against State authority by persons within the
State, it perhaps has no application here; but in-
vasion is the entrance of an armed force from
without upon the territory of the State. Against
such violence we are bound to piotect a State
" without an appeal to us for that purpose either
from the State Executive or any one else. There-
fore, because every assent given by State author-
ity to the entrance of armed rebels upon its soil is
void as violating the supreme law of the land,
there is an invasion from which each citizen may
claim protection whenever armed rebels from one
State enter upon the territory of another.
For Government to take advantage of its wrong
to strip citizens of their property and rights be-
cause it had failed to discharge its duty m pro-
tecting them, is an injustice which nothing save
moral obliquity or the fanaticism of party could
suggest.
Again, neither Congress nor the President has
a right to prescribe the qualifications of voters
in either of those States. The qualifications of
voters for Representatives to Congress are de-
termined by the Constitution, (article one, section
two.) and theiein declared to be the same as for
electors of the mast numerous branch of the
Siate Legislatures.
As the status of the State remains unchanged
by the rebellion, and its constitution and laws in-
tact, you must look to them arid ascertain what
qualifications they prescribeforelectors; and, by
the pinTvision of the United States Constitution
referred to, to add to or take from them in the
slightest degree would be usurpation.
i come to the next excusc for infractions of
constitutional law referred to in the mmotity re-
port. We are told that by the events of the war
the officers necessary to conduct an election are
removed, and therefore an interference of Con-
gress is necessary. It might be sufficient to an-
swer that such interference should be limited to
obviating that necessity, and we could not under
that pretext attack the local institutions of any
State. But the General Government is one of
delegated powers, having no reserved powers; and
to obviate the difficulty referred to its provisions
a re as wise and exhibit as gieat forethougluas m
everything else touched upon by us great framers.
By article ten of the Amendments of the Con-
stitution, " all powers notdelegated to the United
States, &c., are reserved to the States respect-
ively or to the people." Thus we have, by ex-
press enactment, a principle enunciated (which I
should have acknowledged in the absence of such
enactment) providing tor the very difficulty be-
fore us. The question is, where, in case all the
offices of a State aie vacated by pestilence, war,
or accident, or (as we might call this case) by ille-
gal combination of ail flection officers totesign,
is the reserved power of supplying the deficiency ?
My answer is that the above article denies it to
the President and to Congress and recognizes it
as m the " people." In the case of James II the
English Pat liament held that by levying war upon
the Commons and by his flight to France he had
vacated the throne; and we may well hold that
officers of a State government who have levied
war upon the United States have vacated or re-
signed their offices.
And I may suggest parenthetically that the
same doctrine originated in the sturdy English
idea of liberty, implyinga resignation from gross
abuse of official power, might well he applied to
some of our national officers not engaged in the
rebellion.
The people of a State have therefore the right,
in case of a general resignation of their public
servants, to supply their places. The liberties
of the people cannot be lost nor they be converted
to alien enemies by a conspiracy of State officers
to resign.
So long as Arkansas is under rebel control there
can be no election, because the people cannot
freely act as loyal citizens. But whenever the rebel
lot cos are driven away and the Constitution and
laws of the United States have resumed their
peaceful sway, the people may by virtue of their
lestrved rights supply the places of the icsi^ned
officers and thus set m motion the machinery of '
State government.
But in exercising this power teserved ex neces-
sitate they must be su icily limited to meeting
that contingency foi which they have no law,
that of filling the vacancies in the State offices.
In everything for which they have a law, in the
time and mariner of elections, in those forms with
which they can comply, they must follow their
existing laws. If they believe their constitution
or laws to be wrong they must amend them in
the same manner and with the same formalities
as were before required.
The necessity for officers gives no power be-
yond that.
Applying this reasoning to the Arkansas case,
we shall find the conclusion of the minority to be
strictly justified. Arkansas is a State in the Union,
with its constitution and laws unimpaired. Its
public officers have engaged in treason, and there-
fore have in legal effect resigned. If in any con-
gressional district the laws of the United States
are again peaceably recognized, then the people of
such district who under the constitution and laws
of Arkansas were entitled to vote 5< for the most
numerous branch of the State Legislature" are en-
titled in some practical mode (receiving the assent
of a majority of themselves) to supply the de-
ficient offices and select a Representative to this
House. They cannot change their constitution,
they cannot amend their laws, except in the mode
provided in their constitution as heretofore iccog-
mzed by the United States; nor can we impose
any condition or restraint upon their exercise of
this right. .
It is most singular to find the majority of the
committee (representingthat party which is now
making war upon southern men and denouncing
them as traitors for claiming the power to go out
of the Union) themselves recognizing in their re-
port John C. Calhoun's doctrine of nullification
and secession.
I am well aware that the honorable chairman
of the committee, who in this has folio wed the
ideas announced by the gentlemen from Maryland
[Mr. Dams] and from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Ste-
vens,] would deny most warmly that he enter-
tained such belief. But, skillfully as he has cov-
ered up his reasoning, we must hold him to the
results announced. He declares that the people
of Arkansas must frame a State government, re-
publican in fotm and prohibiting slavery, befbie
they can be repicscnted here. lie uttcily ignores
the State with its constitution and laws. Now,
either the act of secession was valid or not; if valid,
we are waging an aggressive war in violation of the
Constitution; if not \ulid, it did not affect the
status of the State, and its constitution and laws
as heretofore recognized by Congress are in full
vigor.
We find sustaining this absurd doctrine of se-
cession, or State suicide, or nullification, or what-
ever else the fancy of its votaries choose to call
it, an odd combination.
First come the peace men, who, believing in
a fancied state of human perfection, in the free
will of States and citizens,scorning the trammels
of law and the use of preserving force, would have
no bond of union, no force of government beyond
the free will or caprice of any minority of the
governed. Shrinking m horror from the bloody
declarations of Republican members, from the
oppression and cruelties of such false disciples of
union as Butler, and from that fearful carriage
made necessary by the disregard on the part of
our rulers of constitutional obligations, they fly
to a false interpretation of the State-rights doc-
trines as a means of escape from civil war. They
deny any coercive power contained in the Con-
stitution, and would make an assent to rebellion
a condition of being regaidcd as true to the Con-
stitution.
jNext come a class of the Republicans who,
either desirous of a peinmnent separation of the
Stales in older to establish a northern confeder-
acy, arc seeking to drive the South to despera-
tion, and force them to the fiercest resistance, or
who are willing to put down the rebellion, but
desne to do so not because rebellion is wrong,
but because they hope to lay the rebellion and
the Constitution'in one common grave, and to es-
tablish on the ruins of our piesent glorious Gov-
ernment a consolidated despotism.
To these may be added fanatical anti-slavery
men, who, looking only to the occasional cruel-
ties piaeticed by slaveholder and to the real sin
of the institution, hold the destruction of slavery
to be an end which justifies every means, how-
ever false or foul, to accomplish it.
In tins connection I hardly need to allude to
those camp-followers, the shoddy contractors,
office-holders, and politicians who. seeking plun-
der, are willing to change their opinions as fre-
quently as the wind its direction, if they can only
know whither popular madness tends.
There are, it is true, a few whom you cannot
locate, too honest to be suspected of indirection,
and too intelligent to be suspected of being-dupes;
their opinions are the freaks of mind you cannot
account for.
1 am pleased to believe that the majority who
reported the secession resolutions were both hon-
est and able. It is for them to account for their
position.
Both the peace men who desire no war, and the
advocates of despotism who would war as well
against the Constitution as the South, agree that
the Constitution gives no sufficient power to the
General Government to suppress the rebellion.
The first say you cannot coerce a State orforce
it back into the Union, and therefore must aban-
don the war; the last say as you have not power
] under the Constitution you are by necessity justi-
i fied in every violation of it. To the first i say
i that we do not propose to coerce a State; that a
J State remains unalterably in the Union, every
act to get it out being void. We do not, therefore,
piopose to coerce it, but to put down by every
necessary appliance an outbreak as well against
the valid laws and constitution of the State as
I against the United States. We care not how ex-
! tensive the rebellion, the force to suppress must
! be equal to the extent.
To the last I say that the Government can pro-
tect its officers in the execution of us laws, and
can puniyh for treason. The President certainly
has as much power to call forth an armed force
in case of armed resistance to United States laws
as a Governor as chief magistrate has as to State
insurrections, or as a sherilf would have, or, if you
would still fuither dimmish the respectability of
the power, as two justices of the peace would
have under the laws of Wisconsin. This power
was exercised in Boston by protecting Burns
against rescue, in Pennsylvania in the whisky
irisuneetion, and in Massachusetts during the
Shay liots. It is a power not directed against
Stales, but against people in insurrection. But it
is not left to inference. In section eight of the
Amendments of the Constitution, authority is
given to make all laws necessary for carrying into
execution the powers given. What so necessary
for executing the powers of the General Govern-
ment as the suppression of a rebellion? It goes
further, however, and not only is the General
Government able to protect itself, but by the pro-
visions heretofore cited is bound to protetct the
State, both against domestic insurrection and for-
eign invasion.
Without infringing the Constitution you can
find every power necessary to uphold the integ-
rity of State and national governments.
But leaving the argument, so far as it depends
upon the Constitution, I will meet the gentlemen
of the other side upon their own ground of ne-
cessity. I insist that we should follow the Con-
stitution in its true spirit, as 1 have explained it,
for two reasons:
1. Because a departure from it in the manner
proposed by the Republicans makes this a war
of almost extermination, which, decided in our
favor, leaves us in men exhausted and helpless.
2. Because, although you may conduct a de-
fensive war with the patriotism of the people as
your sole capital, loan offensive war public credit
is absolutely necessary; and our credit is through
blundeiing and mismanagement in a most criti-
cal condition.
The first reason I shall dispose of in a few
words. The rebellious South contains a white
population (without consulting the census or pre-
tending-to accuracy) of about seven millions.
With all their faults they are of a material to
make good soldieis. This is a body of men which
(true to themselves) have never been subjugated.
! History furnishes no instance of the kind. Di-
' vided nations, effeminate nations have been con-
| quered, but no seven millions of united and brave
i people ever submitted to such a fate,
j We must therefore, in the morale of our cause,
! and in the objects which we propose, seek to make
this an exception. We must weaken the moral
' powcrof our adversaries and divide their councils
! by aurown fidelity to the Constitution, and the
