1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL-GLOBE.
around tens of thousands of northern firesides;
when thousands of families sit in mourning over
two hundred thousand young men lying in bloody
graven—in this hour, when every conviction of
the sool and every pulsation of the heart should
be with and for our struggling country, the Sen-
ator from Kentucky comes into this Chamber,
presents this long series of accusations against the
Chief Magistrate of the Republic, invokes the
American people to revolt against their war lead-
ers, and take matters pertaining to their country,
the mighty issues of pcace and war, the transcend-
ent interests of the present and of coming ages,
into their own hands. Senators, in theirabound-
ing charity, may pardon the Senator from Ken-
tucky for this act; but the hearts of the toiling,
snuggling people of loyal America, whose dear
and loved ones are baring their bosoms to the shot
and shell and murderous rifle of rebel legions,
will pardon him never; no, sir, never.
The Senator from Kentucky, not in a speech ut-
tered here in the heat and excitement of debate, but
in studied and measured phrase, invokes the peo-
ple North and the people South to revolt against
their war leaders, take the matters pertaining to
the administration of the Government into their
own hands, and elect members of a national con-
vention of all the States, to terminate the war
and adjustand reconstruct the Government. The
plain, obvious meaning of this word revolt in this
connection is clear to the comprehension of every
intelligent man in America it means in this con-
nection precisely what it means in the sixteenth
and seventeenth resolutions, where it describes
and defines the rebellion of Jefferson Davis and
Ins compeers. The Senator from Kentucky, in
the sixteenth and seventeenth resolutions, charac-
terizes this bloody revolution in the so-culled con-
federate States as a revolt. This word revolt in
his thirteenth resolution means precisely and ex-
actly the same thing in the connection in which
it is used. To revolt means to renounce allegi-
ance, to rebel, to desert, to forsake, to overthrow
legitimate authority. This is the obvious import
ot the word, and no ingenuity, no explanation
can make it mean anything else. What is it, sir,
for the people to take tins matter into their osvn
hands? What matter? The issues of this contest,
the issues of peace, of war—everything pertain-
ing to questions of policy or of administiation.
These phrases in the connection in which they
are used mean that the American people shall re-
volt against the Government of the United States
now administered by Abraham Lincoln, and take
the powers exercised by him into their own hands.
Yes, sir, these phrases mean that the people shall
take into their own hands the poweis of the Gov-
ernment now exercised by the Secretary of State,
by the Secretary of the Treasuiy, by th" Secre-
tary of War, by the Chief Magistrate, and all the
men in authoriry who are acting undei his direc-
tion and his otders. How are the people to exer-
cise this power? After they have revolted and as-
sumed these powers, how are they to exeicisc
these powers? The Senator points the way: the
people are to elect members from all the States to
a national convention.
This convention is to assume the powers of a
provisional government, representing a people
who have revolted and taken mattery into their
own hands. If is to say to the President, to the
Secretary of State, to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, and the Secretary of Wur, to the Congress
of the United States, to the judicial tribunals, to
the officers of the Government civil and military,
this convention embodies the sovereignty of the
ed to terminate a Wdi thnt
of thousands of ofiiceis,
pluudereih, and spoilsman m the loyal States, and
threatens the masses of both sections with in e trie v-
able banki uptcy and indefinite slaughter, if such
o convention should he elected, if it should assume
to exercise the poweis belonging to the Piesident
and those in authority undei the Constitution, it
would be nothing uioie nor nothing less than a
revolutionary and treasonable
eminent. If sneh a cunvnU'si
tn>'J i "its mesnb"is shonhl aUero
poweis whatever belonging to tl
the United States, it would be
Pi etvid«'nf to an e*- r, to imprison 3
t_> condemn, find to han^ the
convention for treason. This is the plain and ob-
vious iiupoit and meaning uf thfyo wouhs t-ud
people and will proceet
is enriching huniheds <
provisional <j.<
b'hniud a^-nd-
pi to exeu '^e .•
;e Go- enmient
the duty of t
to try, to ''.nil' !
members of tl
phrases. This is the character of the tribunal the
Senator proposes to establish to terminate the war
and to reconstruct the Government. He means
this, or ho means simply that to revolt is not to
oppose the Government; that to take the mighty
issues of peace and war into their own hands is
not to take anything at all; that when this con-
vention of all the States assembles to terminate the
war and to reconstruct the Union on principles of
compromise it is to do nothing whatever. This
is the absurd, impotent, and illogical conclusion
the Senatorcomes to, unless we take his words in
their obvious meaning and as they are understood
by the common mind of the country.
When the Hartford convention was in session,
some one, it is said, asked Josiah Q,uincy what
the result would be; he replied, " a pamphlet."
Pei haps, sir, the result of the Senator's mighty
revolt of the people, of their taking matters into
their own hands and electing delegates to a con-
vention to terminate the war and reconstruct the
Government, will be "a pamphlet" of vituperative
slanders upon the administrators of the Federal
Government, and the recommendation of some
conservative reactionist as a' candidate for the
Presidency. The Senator invites us to witness
the tragedy: we see only a farce.
Out the Senator from Maine, [Mr. Fessenden,]
whose abounding charity made him fertile in ex-
cuses, told us that the avowed object to be attained
by the Senator from Kentucky modified the plain
and obvious import of the language of the resolu-
tions. The people were invoked to revolt, take
the powers of the Government into their own
hands, elect members to a national convention of
all the States to terminate the war, and to restore
the Union upon pi inciples of compromise. I was
sorry to hear these words fall from the lips of the
Senator from Maine. Of course the Senator from
Kentucky would ask the people to revolt, assume
powers, establish a provisional government, for
some purpose that seems good in his eyes. Has
the Senator fiom Maine forgotten that the rebel
leaders in these Chambers maintained that se-
cession and civil war must be resorted to to pre-
serve the liberties of their people, their home-
bied lights, fireside privileges,and even the Con-
stitution itself? Has he forgotten that the wicked
demagogues in the city of New York, in shame-
less defiance of truth and decency, instilled into
the too credulous ear of ignorance the idea that
the act for filling the wasted ranks of our armies
discriminated against the poor in favor of the rich,
till murder clutched its weapon and aison seized
its biand, reddened the pavements with blood,and
illunnn.ti the streets with the light of burning
asy lu ms?
As a reason why the people should revolt, why
they should take the matter into their own hands,
why they should call a convention to terminate
the war and to adjust the affairs of the countiy,
it is chaiged
" That the present Executive Government of the United
States has subletted fat the tune, in large poiuons of the
loyal Stales, the /? ecdom of sj>ce<h, the freedom of the pi ess,
a>t<l free s.uj]ia>rc, the constitution^ and law, of the States
and of the United Slates, the civil cowls, and lnul t>yju)y.":
That is the accusation. " Verily," then, says
(ho Senator, " the people ought to revolt against
their war leadeis, and take the mutter into their
own lunula!" Then it is charged that the Execu-
tive Government of the United States has caused
persons
To hehovzhl before cowls created hij itself, and to he
hied and punished v'.fhout luo>, in violation nj the rornli'u-
tional guarantee lo the citizen of his 7vfit to keep and Lear
arms, and of hit> rights of piopeilv; it hasJoitildy depnved
Hi u til the loyal as the dislounl of both."'
Tht ie is another arraignment of the Executive
Government tlung out to the people as a reason
whv they should n volt and tnke the matters into
tluirown hands. Tin nit is charged that the Ex-
ecutive Government
" Jlos b'.-nj cd Ike power to suspend the in it rf lichens eor-
pu$, and to piOiluxm uu'itu'l L.v . and alohhJt. iniatary tri-
lunoH, i.i Sl< les and piu of Slat' * c !>cl e there (< us no ol>-
v\ hii ■ •>/ I ,■ If) c di t t,dnn'i.i±t. Ji-ut oi the lau <? of the Uncled
$■', , ".ni Iht o.'r/,'<•; !r:, ih>' <*• >' c 'ti Is and Im d'es ; and
r'-d in,' live) izr nsf" /"■> • n r'jinf-'-'L-i r i.'Klh- Jinny
i*;,, rr,;o,- ic,, n.d elrmi n'^ •. - , ■ 'cr-d 11- j 'u 'j.
nil! '>7 the cuni *'
T'i.''t the ehai zc a,n,nni?'t tii-' Executive Gov-
• 'imneiUof the United Stau*s. " Verily, then, the
\.L' pie oiujit. to ii \<Jt and take the^e gteaf mat-
ters into thei,r own .hands!"- Then it is charge^
that the Executive Government , , ; \
"Mas ordai,ned af pleasure a military despotism fyi the,loyal
States, by means of ,courts-martialt provost marshalsy anjl
military forces, gov'cmcdneitheiiht law, principlesi}norlruies,
from whose tyranny and oppressions no man can claitti
muriity."
Here is another accusation, and therefore ** fihe
people ought to revolt and take these matters into
their own hands!"- - - :-
Then the President, it is said, " ignores the con-
stitutions of Ten nessee and Arkansas, and others
that have not been altered in any particular, but
are the same that they were before their revolt."
That is another reason why the people ought
to revolt and take these matters into their own
hands!" Then "the President's project," it is
said,
(i Is to continue the war upon tftavcry hjhis fuTtkcrusuipa-
tions of power, and to get together and buy up a d&tperate
faction oj mendicants and adventurers in the rebel States,
give them possession of the polls by interposing the bayonet?
cs in Mat yland, Delaware, and. portions of Missouri ajid Ken-
tucky. and to keep off loyal pro-slavery voter's, and thus'to
form bastard constitutions to abolitionize those States."
" Buy up a desperate faction of mendicants and
adventurers!" "Give them possession of'the
polls by interposing the bayonet!" :There is an-
other reason why " the people should revolt,"
says the Senator, ie and take these matters into
their own hands!" Then the Senator says:
"That at the boginningof the war, under the panic of tlio
defeat of Bull Run, the party in power professed to carry
it on for the Constitution, and to put, down the rebellion,
and vindicate the laws uud authouty of the United States
in the insuigent Stales, and when that wa& effected it was
to cease. But more than a year a?o another and a para-
mount and unconstitutional one, the total subversion of
blavery, was inaugurated l>y them ; and at length to carry on
the wai in this augmented and perveited form, the annual
expeudituie on the part ot the United States has swollen
to one hundred thousand lives, a much larger amount of
pcrr-onal disability, and a thousand millions of money, and
yet the wisest cannot see the end ot the war. Verily, the
people Koith and the people South ought to revolt against
iheu uar leaden, and take this great matter into their own
hands, and elect members to'a national convention of atlthe
States, to terminate a wa rthat is,enriching hundreds of thou-
sands of officers, plunderers, and spoilsmen in the loyal States,
and threaten*) the masses of both sections with irretrieiable
bankruptcy and indefinite slaughter. and to restore their Union
and common Govei nment upon the great principlesof tiherty
and compiomise devised by Washington and his associates."
The Senator fiom Kentucky says the people of
the loyal States arc resolved into two great par-
ties, the destructives and the conservatives; the first
consists of Abraham Lincoln, his office-holders,
contractors, and other followers.
"Their leal objects are to perpetuate their party power,
and to hold po&je>sion &',the Government to continue the
agmandizemcnt of thei£feaders, great and binall, by almost
countless ofticiv and employments, by myriads ot plurtder-
1112 eontraet<,and by putting up to sale the laigest amount
or"spoils that were ever ofieied to market by any Govern-
ment on eaith. Then object is not to eradicate slavery,
but only to abolish its foun and the mastery; to subjugate
whollj the rebel ^tate.^, and utterly to revolutionize their
political and social oigamzatioti; to dcs-tioy or haui&h, and
^tnpol their pioperty, all the pro-slavery people, secession-
ist^ and anti-secessionists, loyal and disloyal, combatants
and non-combatant, old men, women, and children, the
decrepit, and the non cotnpos mentis, all whom they cannot
abnimonize, and to di-tribute the lands of the subjugated
people among their followeis. as was done by the Roman
conductors ot then own countrymen ; to proclaim a mock
ftetdoni to the fiaves. but by military power to take'pos-
se-sion of the freed men, and woik them for their own profit;
to do all this, and also to enclave the white man, by tram-
pling uudu foot the Constitution arid laws of the United
States and the States, bv the power of a subsidized Army,
and, le>t it should talter, by hundreds of thousands of negio
janizaries, oig.mlzed fot that puipu-se by the Seeretaiy of
War and the Adjutant General.'''
"To proclaim a mock freedom to the slave!"
" to enslave the while man, by trampling under
foot the Constitution and laws of the United States
and the States, by the power ofa subsidized Army 
and, lest it should falter, by hundreds of thousands
of negro janizaries, oiganizud for that purpose by
the Secretary of War and the Adjutant General!"
"Yeiily/'snys the Senator, " the people ought to
revolt and take this great matter into their own
hands."
Sir, if these accusations against the President
of the United States, against the Executive Gov-
ernment, against the war leaders, be true, there
would be ampkju^lifie.uiou for levoltand for rev-
olnii-m, feu ! 'tndcUL'ko lo say you eunnot find in
c>oy onariirjcii' of nny GoMrnment on earth a
ics of accusn ttoijf, t het, if mu, nuke a Govern-
ment more infamous among men than these ar-
rai^nmenl^ made by the Senator from Kentucky.
Sir, the Senator stands forth in this trial of the
countiy and piesents thuese resolutions,and why ?
