1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1439
" But we view this as aright existing by positive law of
a municipal character, without foundation in the law of
natuie or the unwritten common law."
Justice Curtis remarks, after citing a list of au-
thoiities on this point:
" [ an* acquainted with no case or writer questioning the
correctness of tin^ doctiine."
The opinions of the courts of England and of
this country, State and national, in the slave States
as well as the free States, seem to have been uni-
form throughout. It is not a legal or judicial ques-
tion, therefore, to be settled by the weight of au-
thorities, but it is maintained by all alike. Hence
slavery cannot have any supportat common law.
I inquire in the next place if it has a legal exist-
ence by virtue of any municipal or statute regu-
lation. On that point I will content myself by
reading from a speech delivered in 1850 on the
floor of the Senate by Mr. Mason, of Virginia,
then a nipmber of this body, in reply to a speech
made by Mr. Dayton, then a Senator from the
State of New Jersey, when the bill to enact the
fugitive slave law of 1850 was pending. Mr.
Mason said:
"Then, again, it ts proposed as pnrtof the proof to he
adduced at the hearing alter the fugitive ha> been recap-
tured, that evidence shall be brought by the claimant to
show that slavery is established m the State fiom which
ihe fugitive lias absconded." * * * * "rtueh
proof is rcquiied in the Senator's amendment; and if he
means by tin* that proof shall he biousht that slaverv is
established by existing laws, it is impossible to comply with
the requisition, for no t>iuh -proof can beprodmcd* 1 appio-
llend. in any o/ thr daoc $1 tales. I am not awaie tll.lt there .
is a single State in which the institution is eslubhshed by
law.'*1
If it does not and cannot exist at common law
and does not exist by viitue of any municipal or
statute law, and cannot be justified by human
reason, pray whence the origin of the title of the
master to the services of the adult offspring of a
slave mother? The only remaining law that can
be cited for its support is the Levittcal code.
This code is sometimes cited for this purpose.
These are the words usually quoted:
u Both thy bondmen, and thy bondmaid-*,which thoushalt
have, shall be of the heathen that ate lound about you ; of
them shall ye bu\ bondmen and bondmaids.
'* Moi cover, of the children of the strangers that do so-
journ among you, of them shall > c huy, and of their l.iiiu-
liea that are with you, which they begat in your land: and
tliev shall be your possession.
<kAnd ye shall take them as an inheritance for yourchil-
dren after >ou,to inherit them for a possession; they sliall
be your bondmen forever."
1 remark in this connection that the Levitical
code or the Hebrew law eontpins a provision for
the naturalization of foreigneis whether captives
of war or voluntary emigiants. By compliance
with the requirements of this law they became
citizens, entitled to all the rights and privileges
andimmunities of native Hebrews. The Hebrew
slave code applicable to enslaved Hebrews is in
these words:
".And if thy brothei, an llcbicw man, oi an Ilebiew wo-
man, he sold unto thee, and serve thee six year", then in the
seventh year thoushalt let him go free trom thee."
Here I request the attention of those who claim
compensation for emancipated slaves to the text:
"And when thou sendest him out free fiom tliee,thou
Shalt not let him go away emptj :
" Thou Mialt tumifth him liberally out of tny flock, and
out of thy floor"—
Which means granaries—
"and out of thy wine pi ess: of that wherewith the Loid thy
God hath blessed tliee thou shaltgive unto hun.'1 * *
<lIt shall notsc in hard unto thee, when thou «end est linn
away free trom thee ; foi he hath been worth a double hired
servant to time, in seiving thee six year5."
These Hebrcwstatutcsprovide that the heathen
might be purchased and held as slaves, and (heir
posterity after them; that under their naturaliza-
tion laws all strangers and sojourners, bond and
free, have the privilege of acquiring the rights of
citizenship; that all Hebrew**, natives or natural-
ized, might assert and maintain their right to
freedom.
At the end of six years a Hebrew slave thus
demanding his liberty was not to he sent away
empty; the owner, so far from claiming compen-
sation from his neighbors or from the public treas-
ury forsettinghimfree, was bound to divide with
thefreedman of hisown possesions, to give him
of his flocks, of his herds, of his granary, and of
his winepress, of everything with which the Lord
Almighty had blessed the masterduung the years
of his servitude; and then the owner was admon-
ished that lie was not to regard it as a hardship
to be required to liberate the slave, and to divide
with him of his substance. The Almightyplae.es
thcliberated slave's claim to a division of his for-
mer master's property on thceternal principles of
justice, the duty to render an equivalent for an
equivalent. The slave having served six years
must be paid for his service, must be paid liber-
ally because he had been worth even more than &
hired servant during the period ofhis enslavement.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Will the Senator from
Iowa allow me in this connection to ask him a
question? What interpretation does he give to
that passage of Scripture in which the Jews are_
authonzed to buy servants of the heathen rouna
about, with their money, and that they should be-
come an inheritance to their children ?
Mr. HARLAN. I think the Senator was not
in his seat when I discussed that point. I would
prefer not to lestate that pai t of my aigument now.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I did not hear the Sen-
atorallude to that. I do not wish to interrupthim.
Mr. HARLAN. If the justice of this claim
cannot be found either in reason, natural justice,
or the principles of the common law, or in any
positive municipal or statute regulation of any
State, or in the Hebrew code written by the finger
of God protruded from the flame of fire on the
summit of Sinai, I ask whence the origin of the
title to the services of the adult offspring of the
slave mother? Or is it not manifest that there is
no just title? Is it not a mere usurpation with-
out any known mode of justification, under any
existing code of laws, human or divine?
If it cannot be thus justified, is it a desirable
institution? if the supposed owner has no title,
is it the duty of the nation to maintain the usurped
claim of the master to the services of Ins slaves?
Are the incidents of slavery sufficiently desirable
to justify such policy? Some of the iucidentsof
slavery may be stated as follows: it necessaiily
abolishes the conjugal relation. This, 1 take it,
needs no aigument for its support on the floor of
the Senate. We have the Jesuit of the fruits of
the accumulated experience and wisdom of the
people of the slave States for a period of three
fourths of a century before us in the character of
their laws. Here may be found the culmination
of their wisdom, the fiuits of their ripened judg-
ment. The honorable Senator from Maryland,
[Mr. Johnson,] a few days since, when discuss-
ing this subject, stated that in none of the slave
States was this relation tolerated in opposition to
the will of the slave-owner; and that in many of
them, 1 think he said a majority of them, it was
prohibited absolutely by theirstatute laws. This,
1 take it then, is the matured, ripened opinion of
the people of those States. In their opinion the
prohibition of the conjugal relation is a necessary
incident of slavery, and that slavery cannot or
would not be maintained in the absence of such
a legulation.
The existence of this institution therefore re-
quires the existence of a law that annuls the law
of God establishing the relation of man and wife,
which is taught by the churches to be a sacra-
ment as hoiy m its nature and. its designs as the eu-
charist itself. If informed thatin these Christian
States of the Union men were prohibited by pos-
itive statute law from partaking of the emblems
of the broken body and slu-d blood of the Saviour,
what Senator could hesitate to vote for their re-
peal and future inhibition? And yet here one of
these holy sacraments that we are taught to regard
with the most sacred feelings, equally holy, in-
stituted by the Author of our being, deemed to be
necessary for the preservation of virtue m civil
society, is absolutely inhibited by the statute laws
of the States where slavery exists. The conjugal
relation is abrogated among four million human
beings, who are thus driven to heterogeneous in-
tercourse like the beasts of the field, the most of
whomaro natives of these Christian States. If
you continue slavery you must continue this ne-
cessary incident of its existence.
Another incident is the abolition practically of
the paiental relation, robbing the offsprmgof the
care and attention of his paients, severing a re-
lation which is universally cited as the emblem
of the relation sustained by the Creator to the
human family. And yet, according to the matured
judgment of these slave States, this guardian-
ship of the parent over his own childien must be
abrogated to secure the perpetuity of slavery.
But again, it abolishes necessarily the relation
of person to property. It declares the slave to
be incapable of acquiring and holding property,
and that this disability shall extend fo his off-
spring from generation to generation throughout
the coming ages. We sometimes shed tears over
the misfortunes of men, and when by flood or
storm or fire they are robbed of their earthly
possessions contributions are made to enable them
to start again in their accustomed business pur-
suits; but the Senator who votes* to perpetuate
slavery votes not only to sweep away every
shred of property that four million people can pos-
sibly hold, but he votes to destroy theircapacity
to acquire and hold it and to impose this disabil-
ity on their posterity forever. If successful in
perpetuating it he becomes more disastrous to
this multitude of people than storm and flood and
fire; more disastrous than the sirocco ormonsoon
of the desert or the unchained pestilence.
But it also necessarily, as an incidentof its con-
tinuance, deprives all those held to be slaves of
a status in court. Having no rights to maintain
and no legal wrongs to redress, they arc held to  
be incapable of bringing a suit in the courts of
the United States; a disability as it seems to me
that ought to shock the moral sensibilities of any
Christian statesman. Robbed of all their rights,
and then robbed of their capacity to complain of
wrong; robbed of the power to appear before im-
partial tribunals forthe redress of any grievances,
however severe 1
As an incident of this condition, they are robbed
of the right to testify; and, as if to put the cap on
this climax of gigantic iniquity, they are denied
the right to human sympathy. Yes, sir, denied
the right to receive the common sympathiesof the
human race! How frequently have some of us
who have occupied seats on this floor for several
yeais been jeered by brother Senators represent-
ing slave States for an expression of sympathy
for the oppressed, as if it were a crime to feel for
another's degradation; and even yesterday the a
learned and able Senator from Maryland coupled
a citation of sympathy in the North for a down-
trodden race with the conduct of rebels in the
South, as if philanthropy Manifested for the Af-
rican were equally guilty with treason. How
does this accord with our ideas of the character
of those emotions when manifested toward any
other helpless class of our fellow-men ? You find
children in the community without parents, with-
out natural guardians of person or property; you
at once provide by lawfor their protection. You
secure the appointment of guardians and the es-
tablishment of orphan asylums. You find those
who are idiotic and insane, or deaf and dumb
and blind, and immediately the treasure and the
wisdom of the State are taxed for the establish-
ment of schools for their instruction and hospi-
tals for their treatment. You find a feeble people
along your frontier, and at once you take them
under yoirr guardianship as a nation, and pour
out the public treasure by the million to provide
for their welfare. And the churches take up col-
lections all over this land to enable them to send
teachers and books and apparatus for schools and
churches in all heathen lands in every quarter of
the globe, including the ancestors and brothers of
the Africans held here at slaves. Their fatheis
and brothers on the shores of Africa are fit ob-
jects for human sympathy, for human commis-
eration, and Christian and philanthropic effort.
How is it then a crime to express for them the
same compassion in this country in the bosom
of Christian States?
And then another incident of this institution is
the suppression of the freedom of speech and of
the press, not only among these down-trodden
people themselves but among the white race.
Slavery cannot exist where its merits can be freely
discussed; hence m the slave States it becomes a
crime to discuss its claims for protection or the
wisdom of its continuance. Its continuance also
requires the perpetuity of the ignorance of its vic-
tims. It is therefore made a felony to teach slaves
to read and write.
It also precludes the practical possibility of
maintaining schools for the education of those of
the white race who have not the means to provide
for their own mental culture. It consequently de-
grades the white as well as African race. It also
impoverishes the State, as is manifest by a com-
parison of the relative wealth, population, and
prosperity of the free and slave States of the
Union.
