1440
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April &
If, then, none of these necessary incidents of
slavery hre desirable, how can an iVnieiic3.ii Sen-
ator cast a vote to justify us continuance for a sin-
gle hour, or withhold a vote necessary for its pro-
hibition? The passage of the joint resolution, its
adoption by the States of the Union, would not
be injurious to slaveholders themselves. A care-
ful examination of this subject as it seems to me
proves beyond all reasonable doubt that the
wealth and prosperity of slaveholders would be
augmented by a change of their system of labor
from compulsory to voluntary. ^ t {
Its adoption will also increase the military
strength of the nation, securing harmony and
unity of purpose here at home and furnishing the
means to fill up our wasting armies and the crews
of our ships of war.
It will also secure the sympathy and support of
the nations of the Old World that seem now to
be waiting forafavorable opportunity to intervene
against our future unity. No one, I think, con-
versant with our diplomatic history for the last
three years can doubt that when in the most im-
minent peril interposition was prevented by the
President's proclamation of freedom.
If, therefore, by the adoption of this amendment
to the Constitution of the United States you pro-
hibit slavery and the possibility of its existence
hereafter forever, you will secure the sympathy of
the masses of the people of the Old World, and
thus place it out of the power of despots to endan-
ger the restoration of the Union.
If I am right in my conclusions that slavery as
it exists in this country cannot be justified by hu-
man reason, has no foundation at common law,
and is not supported by the positive municipal
laws of the States,nor by thedivine law,and that
none of its incidents are desirable, and that its abo-
lition would injure no one,and will do no wrong,
but will secure unity of purpose, unity of action,
and military strength here at homeland the sup-
port of the strong nations of the world, as it seems
to me, the Senate of the United.States ought not
to hesitate to take the action necessary to enable
the people of the States to terminate its existence
forever, and I shall thus vote.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, it is not
my intention to enter into any elaborate discus-
sion of thissubject. I have already spoken upon
it. My purpose in rising is simply to respond
to an interrogatory propounded to me by the
Senator from Maryland [Mr. Johnson] yester-
day. I shall occupy the attention of the Senate
but for a few moments. I shall not undertake to
answer the argument of the honorable Senator
from Maryland at length, nor shall I attempt to
make any extended argument in reply to the
speech of the honorable Senator from Iowa.
The Senator from Iowa, as I understand him,
denies the right of the slaveholder to his slave as
property. He referred in the course of his le-
m&rks to the condition of the slaves and the title
to slaves among the Jews, and, as I understood
him, denied that slavery existed among that peo-
ple for a longer period than a term of years*, and
he cited the passage from the Bible where the
Hebrews were commanded, after their servants i
had served them six years, to let them go free. !
The honorable Senator from Iowa is well read in |
the Scriptures, and is presumed to know what he j
is talking about; but I submit to his considera- j
tion and ask him if this is not true, that among |
those people there existed different kinds of ser- ]
vants? They had their hired servants, and their |
bondmaids and bondmen answering to our slaves, j
When I propounded the question to the honor- :
able Senator jvhat interpretation he gave to that I
passage of Scripture which told the Jews that of i
the heathen round about them they might buy
slaves, and they should be an inhentaiice unto
their children after them, I received no response,
except th^t he had already referred to that passage.
As an answer to the iionoiable Senator I will \
simply cite a passage from the most learned com- '
mentator of his own church, showing thai his '
views are not correct; that slavery, slavery for j
life, and slaves as an inheritance to their children, j
existed among that people. If I show this 1 show !
that the proposition of the honorable Scnatorthat |
there can be no title, no right to this species of
property, is in con/Iict with the command of the i
Almighty and with the practice of His chosen peo- j
pie. It is no answer to me to say that times have "j
changed, and that what was allowable according I
to the express commands of the Almighty at a
former period is not to be allowed now. Iknow
that in these modern days it has been said by
some that we musthave an anti-slavery Constitu-
tion, an anti-slavery Bible, and an anti-slavery
God. I trust that my honorable friend from Iowa,
the greater portion of whose life, as I understand,
has been'devoted to the study and exposition of
the sacred Scriptures, has not found since he has
become a Senator that it is necessary to discard
the old Bible and the God that his fathers wor-
shiped. But, sir, I do not intend to enter into this
argument further than to cite a passage from the
Commentaries ofDr. Clarke, a most learned com-
mentator of the Senator's own church, upon this
subject. Speaking of Hagar, Dr. Clarke makes
this ivmark:
<• It mu«t not bo forgotten that female slaves constituted
a part of the private patrimony or possession of a wife;
and that she had a right, according to the usage of those
time*, to dis-pof-e of thorn as she pleased. The slave being
the absolute property of the mistress, not only her person,
but tho fruits of iier labor, with all her children, were her
owner's property also. The children, therefore, that were
born of tho slavp, were considered as the children of the
mistress. It was on this ground that Sarai gave lier maid
to Abram."
Why, sir, the passage of Scripture—and since
preachers have become politicians, I presume there
is no impropriety in politicians becoming preach-
ers, and I may be allowed to refer to the Scrip-
tures, and to the expositions which have been
given by learned commentators on this subjecW-
to which the learned Senator referred, that tire
servant should serve six years, and on the seventh
should be allowed to go free, refers, and refers
exclusively,as the honorable Senotormustknow,
if he has studied that Book of books as he should
have studied it, to those servants who were of
Hebrew origin. It is true that by the command
of the Almighty a Hebrew was not allowed to
hold one of his own.race in bondage for a longer
period than six years; in the seventh he was
commamk'd to let him go free.
Mr. HARLAN. Perhaps the Senator will prefer
that I should explain now the point that he raised
while I was speaking. 1 perceive that he did not
hear my remarks, and consequently is firing a
little wide of the mark. I cited the passage of
Scripture to which he alludes, and read it in ex-
tenso. It is in these words:
u Both thy bondmen, and tiiy bondmaid-*, which thou shalt
have, shall be of the heathen that aie round about >uu; ot
them shall ybuy bondmen and bondmaid*."
The next verse is as follows, and refers to a
diffeiont class of persons:
" Moreo\ ci, of the children of the sti.mfreis that do .so-
journ anmi.e you, ol them shall ye buy, and of their fami-
lies that :m e with \ ou, which they brcjat m ) our land : and
they shall be your possesion. And ye shall take them as
an mhi iit.uice lor \otir children aliei you, to inhrnt them
tor a possession ; they shall he jour bondmen torever."
This whole passage refers to slaves made of the
heathen round about, the captives taken in war,
or those that may have sold themselves into sla-
very. I next stated that in the Levitica! or He-
brew code there was a naturalization law that pro-
vided for the incorporation of all strangers, slaves
and freemen,into the nation as Hebrews,and that
when they became Hebrews by naturalization
they acquired there, as they do here under our
natuiahzation laws, all the rights of citizenship.
They must thenceforward be treated as Hebrews,
members of that nationality, controlled .by the
Hebrew code and entitled to alt its rights and
privileges.
I next cited the law of slavery in relation to
Hebrews or elates that were made such of the
Hebrew nation itself. That part of the law is in
these words:
"And if thy biother, Hebrew man, or an Hebiew
woman, be sold unto thee, arid seive thee six years, then
in the seventh year thou shall let lmn go tree from thee'."
Then the lawgivei takes up the subjeetof com-
pensation, a point of vital moment to the Senator
from Delaware, and her« it is:
" And when thou sendest him out free from thee, thou
shalt not let him go away empty:
'• Thou shalt furnish him liberally out ofthy flock, and out
of thy floor, and out of thy wine-press: of that wherewith
the Lord thy God hath blessed thee thou shalt give unto
him."
''ft shall not seem hard unto thee, when thou sendesthim
away het- from thee; ft" he hath been worth a double lured
servant to thee, m seivmgthee six years."
Here is the whole code on the subject of slavery:
fiist, the heathen rcduced to slavery might be held
for life, unless he became a Hebrew under the
naturalization laws, and his posterity might be
held also according to the Roman code; but if he
became a Hebrew by conforming to the natural-
ization laws, the ceremonies of which were a little
different from those applied in this country, yet
were really effective in incorporating him into
that nationality, then he became entitled to all the
rights of a Hebrew, and as a Hebrew he must
necessarily be discharged at the end of the sixth
year without compensation to the master; and, still
more, the master must pay him for his services;
he must not think it a hardship that he is required
not only to set him free, but to pay him for the
labor he has performed.
This is the whole of the Hebrew code on that
subject, not cited in extenso, but fairly cited. I
stated that the custom of holding the offspring of
a slave mother, and its operation from generation
to generation, did maintain in the Hebrew nation
as well as in the other old nations; but I was in-
quiring for the title by which they were held and
the reasonableness of the claim, and the law on
jyhich it was founded.
Mr. SAULSBURY. 1 am gratified at the ex-
planation of the honorable Senator, although I
do not agree to the correctness of any position he
has assumed in his remarks. The honorable Sen-
ator has been studying the Bible all his life. I
ought to have done the same thing. When 1 was
young I did so, though not perhaps as well as the
honorable Senator. But the explanation of the
honorable Senator affords me all the basis of an
argument that I want, and that is this: he admits
that the Almighty did allow, did command the
Hebrews to make slaves of the heathen round
about them,and that those heathens should bean
inheritance to their children. I shall not stop to
inquire into the naturalization of the Hebrews ac-
cording to their law; but the Senator himself ad-
mits the principle forwhich I contend, and denies
the principle asserted as I understood m the speech
of the honorable Senator from Maryland yester-
day, that slavery was a sin. He admits that ac-
cording to the Mosaic law a certain species of
slaves might be held as slaves and be an inherit-
ance to the children of the master. By whose
authority were they so held? That people de-
rived their law from the Almighty, for He was
their great Lawgiver. Then we find, even as ad-
mitted by the honorable Senator himself, that ac-
cording to the law which God gave to His chosen
people itwas not-a sin under all circumstances at
least to hold slaves, but they might be held not
only during the lifetime of the master, but as
property they might be transmitted to the children
of the master.
And yet, sir, in these days wc hear it said
everywhere that slavery, under any and all cir-
cumstances, is a sin; and the passions of the peo-
ple of the entiie North (who I do not know are
any more pious than people elsewhere, who I
have not been taught to believe are more ortho-
dox in Christian faith than people elsesvhcie)
have been inflamed with the idea that away off
from them, not in their midst but in other States,
there exists an institution called slavery, sinful in
itself, and a crusade is invoked for the libeiatiun
of the captives in bondage.
Now, sir, I will show from the same learned
commentator of the church to which the honor-
able Senator belongs that his interpretation even
of the law of the Jews is not correct. I will show
that it is not correct even under the Christian dis-
pensation, and that the right to property in the
slave is recognized in the Christian dispensation.
I will show that, too, by the most learned com-
mentator of the church to which the honorable
Senator belongs.
Upon that passage where Paul is said to have
returned Onesimus to Philemon, Dr. Clarke com-
ments thus:
"The OlniaUan leligion never cancels any civil rela-
tions; a slave, on beinjr converted, and becoming a nee
man of Chtist. ha? no right to claim on that mound eman-
cipation trom the service of his master. Justice, there-
foie, required St. Paul to send back Onesimus to hi« master,
and conscience obliged Onesimus to agree m the propriety
of the measure."
Dr. Scott, whose commentaries perhaps circu-
late more extensively m this country than any
other, and whose commentaries were written after
the inauguration of abolitionism in England—I
refer now to the edition published in tins country
in 1822—admits that according to the Jewish law
