3392
THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 29.
greater hopes of prosperity which their return to
the Union holds out over even successful resist-
ance. Men are frequently carried away by fanati-
cism or are temporarily blinded by their own pas-
sions, but in the long run they seek to advance their
own interests. Even the Republican leaders may
some time to their sorrow find this to be-true, when
returning reason shall come to their followers.
But what motive of interest, of passion, or of
prejudice to excite the southern mind against our
cause has the dominant party left untried ? You
have destroyed our moral power by abandoning
and scoffing at the Constitution, in whose name
you first waged war. The quotation, "Thrice
is he armed who hath his quarrel just," is often
repeated and rarely believed. But the great in-
terpreter of nature never uttered a truer senti-
ment. My own simplicity prefers to believe thus
with the unlettered people rather than doubt with
the Republican philosophers. To the master you
have said, " We will free your slaves;" to the
poor man you have said, "The odiousandpam-
pered rival of your labor, the foul and lazy re-
viler of your humble state shall not only be your
equal, but we will exalt him far above you; we
have charity for the blacks but none for the
suffering white." And no feature of this war is
more striking than the self-sacrificing zeal with
which the non-slaveholding southern laborer
fights for the rebellion. The interests and pre-
judices of the slave-owner yield to his domestic
affection for the negro who has been reared with
him, but no such tie softens the antipathy which
exists between the white laborer and the black.
In violation ofthatconstitutional provision which
requires indictment and trial before punishment
for crime you have passed your confiscation laws.
You have done more; in despite of that whole-
some constitutional restraint upon victorious cu-
pidity, which limits forfeiture to the guilty, you
have attempted to plunder innocent children. It
Was notenough to say to the southerner, (whether
a rebel or only yielding to thesis major of the re-
bellion,} "Yourown means of support are gone,"
but you point him to his children, and say to him
" You must fight or them, too, we will rob." You
have passed laws giving to the negro the home-
stead from which you drive the wife and children
of his white master. In short, you have hardened
into iron the tender sinews of youth and lent fire
to the chilled veins of age. The myriad graves
of our brave northern soldiers which fill the soil
of Virginiaare monuments to your patriotism and
wisdom.
If Jeff. Davis himself had controlled the action
of this House on many of the most important
bills of this session, he could hardly have made
it more beneficial to himself.
Mr. DRIGGS. Do I understand the gentle-
man to say this Congress has not passed a single
act that Jeff. Davis would not approve ? Would
he approve of our military laws?
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. I think Jeff.
Davis would prefer the amendments you have
passed this session to the military law to allowing
the law to remain as it was before. I think.leff.
Davis understands how much power there is ill
infusing soul, heart,and spirit into an army. 1
think he understands the difference there is be-
tween an army made up of men who feel that
they are fighting for their homes and their loved
ones, their liberty, their country, and ail they
hold dear on earth, and of men who merely fight
from compulsion.
Mr. DRIGGS. The gentleman from Wiscon-
sin will excuse me for interrupting him again.
He seems to have a better understanding of Jeff.
Davis's views than I pretend to. 1 desire again
to inquire if i understand the gentleman to say
that the amendment to the enrollment law which
providesfor an absolute draft, after sixty days, of
men in sufficient numbers to put down the rebel-
lion, is such a measure as Jeff. Davis will ap-
prove'
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. Yes, sir; I think
it is the greatest folly of these acts of fanaticism,
of all the acts of oppression which mere power has
enabled gentlemen on the other side to puss for
their own political destruction. Oh, it is strange
that
u Man, proud mrm J
Drest In a little brief authority,"
* * * * Jr * ■¥ * * *
"Plays such fantastiek wicks before high heaven,
As make the angeln weep,"
According to the statement of Senator Wilson,
chairman of the Senate Military Committee, we
have raised seven hundred thousand men within
the past year. Every order that the President has
made for men has been complied with. If he has
not men enough it is his own fault for not having
said so. The complete success of our system of
raising troops is the wonder of the world. And
still our brave and patriotic northern people arc
ready voluntarily to furnish more men and money.
In Wisconsin we have not only filled our quota
but have voluntarily given hundred-day men in
addition, for whom we receive no credit on the
next draft. Other western States have done the
same thing. And, under the circumstances, for
any one to say that we cannot trust to the free
spirit and patriotism of the people, butunder con-
scription laws must hunt them out from their
homes as wild beasts from their lairs, and drag
them into the light as a brutal master does his
unwilling dog, is a foul libel upon a brave and
generous people; it is ingratitude for their past
sacrifices.
Let me entreat you, in the name of our soldiers,
in the name of sorrowing mothers and weeping
children, in the great name of our country, an in-
heritance from our fathers, return to your allegi-
ance to the Constitution. Allow the southern
voters and soldiers to feel that even more than vic-
tory defeat is desirable, as it restores them to the
protection of the American Constitution.
Thus far I should hardly do injustice to leaders
of the Republican party by calling them recruiting
sergeants for Jeff'. Davis. I do not know about
the truth of a current story as to an interview be-
tween our Secretary of State and Lord Lyons;
but this is certain, that fatal bell has never rung
without sending an additional regiment to the
army of rebellion. The gates of our Republican
basttle have never turned upon their hinges with-
out giving new power to Lee. Let us remember
that constitutions aie not made for peace. Peace
and prosperity do not subvert Governments, al-
though they may corrupt the peopleand unfit them
to maintain liberty. It is amid fierce popular pas-
sions and in civil war that constitutions are neces-
sary. Then we have a test of the capacity of the
people for self-government: then with Argus eyes
we should watch the slightest infraction of the
charter of our liberties.
But our financial policy has been, if possible,
even more unfortunate than our military. I
should describe it in two words, tax and squan-
der. 1 know of scarcely anything that enteis into
the actual necessities of life which has not been
subjected to the Government crucible, except per-
haps air and water. And yet, notwithstanding
this, so wasteful has been our policy, so unwise
our interference with the laws of tuule, that Gov-
ernment credit has gradually been on the wane,
and during this session of Congress we have seen
the premium on gold merease from fifty per cent,
to over one hundred. By our own bank bill, so
unfortunate and so wicked, we not only made war
on State banks, State credit, and State taxation
for the benefit of a few unworthy dealers in stocks
and Government securities, but as the issue au-
thorized wasfounded solely on Governmentcredit,
we gave away the interest on the $350,000,000
which might have been saved to the Treasury,
and then with blind confidence in penal law, with
that disposition eternally to legislate which is a
curse to tins country, we terrify the people with
gold bills, as if we could frighten them into part-
ing with rather than keeping their gold. It re-
minds me of that old king who tested the flattery
of his followers that he was omnipotent by or-
dering the waves to recede.
When will politicians learn that the laws of
nature and of trade will yield to neither king nor
Congress?
But my objcct is not to find fault, but to con-
vince, to show from our present financial condi-
tion the necessity of adopting those true maxims
set forth in the minority report, of taking to our
aid every moral support, and of making this a
contest to vindicate outraged laws and not an of-
fensive warfare of subjugation. There is a class
whom I do not hope to convince, politicians who
live on politics, who have patriotism on their lips
^ but not in then hearts. The irrepressible patriot
i is a curious study; he sees the sore need of the
| Government and says, "Tax this western mter-
i est; loyal men in these times ought not to object
to taxation; it is necessary to put money in the
Treasurybut, sottovoce, he adds, " Let me have
this large contract;" his sympathies are with the
great bleeding heart of humanity as represented
by the African, but he thinks the stealings of his
particular friend should be overlooked; he is the
advocate of the writ of habeas corpus, but thinks
its principles apply to quiet times, when it will
seldom be needed; he is the friend of the- soldier,
and believes in giving him the right to vote as
his officers shall command, butnot in givinghim
fair pay; he is in favor of economy, but advo-
cates every wild scheme of internal improvement
which promises fat pickings from the public
Treasury as the very means of saving the coun-
try. His advice to the people is as disinterested
as that of honest lago to Rodrigo:
" Put money in thy purse ; follow these wars ; defeat thy
favor with an usurped beatd; I say, put money in thy puts-e.
[t cannot be that De^demona should long continue her love
to the Moor; pur money in thy purse ; nor lie his to her; put
but money in thy purse," See.
But there ia another class of earnest, honest,
men whom I would reach; men who desiring the
country's good, feel deeply both the wrong of
slavery and the crime of rebellion; men who,swept
along by the strength and depth of their own con-
viction, have unconsciously to themselves been
instruments of their wily political associates. The
undertaking, however, to convince such is difficult
for in their own prejudices, in their strong desire
to punish rebels all other objects are burieu, And
nowhere do our own desiresand passions become
so dangerous as when some fancied duty gives
them in our own eyes the appearance of a virtue.
In olden times religion wailed at the stake, and con-
verted horrible murder into a holy office; in these
times a fancied humanity is endeavoring to con-
vert this war for national mtegrityinto a crusade
of extermination and plunder against the South.
And this processofself-deception, too, accounts
for Quaker persecution to which my friend from
Ohio so often alludes in his assaults upon the old
Puritans; but he will pardon me for saying that
the old Puritans were men of destiny; to them
belonged no whining sentimentalities; they came
here to found an empire, and in attaining that end
all obstacles were removed; before their iron
tread the Indian race disappeared; they had no
tears to shed as in accomplishing their commer-
cial greatness their ships rescued the negro from
the bloody altars of African idolatry and bore
him to the milder fate ofsouthern slavery. Indi-
viduals should be absolutely and in every case just;
but in the creation of empires, as in the mighty
processes of nature, evil must be commingled with
the good. The hurricane which purifies the at-
mosphere, sweeps not the forest alone, but in-
volves the hut which shelters the poor man and
the waving grain which feeds his children; the
lightning strikes the just and the unjust; and the
mighty waves of old ocean, when lashed into fury
to prevent stagnation, involve in one common
destruction the navies of nations and the frail
bark to which the mariner has been driven to re-
lieve the necessities of life, Thus the old Puri-
tans regarded the duty before them; and the Puri-
tan women were worthy ofthe men. They did not
deserve the surcasm which Juvenal pronounced
upon Roman women in the days of Rome's cor-
ruption; their shining eyes were never suffused
with tears at the death of a sparrow; they be-
longed to no Banoboola-Gha society, but they were
helpmates for the men; they aided in laying the
foundation of empires. My friend from Ohio com-
plains of the bigotry of the Puritans, but I will
point him to churches not far from the harsh rock
of Plymouth, established by sous who have apos-
tatized fiom the faith of their fathers, in which the
gentleman may learn how much more disgusting
than the cant of religion is the cant of infidelity.
But 1 apologize to the House for digressing so
far from the resolution.
I am one of those who believe that this rebel-
lion may be crushed out by force, and that we
may meetall national liabilities necessarily arising
from the war. But m older to accomplish this,
there should be as much of wisdom, moderation,
and economy m the measures of this House as of
skill and bravery m the field. The financial task
before us is no slight one. About $1,719,000,000 of
indebtedness have, according- to the report of the
Treasurer, already been ascertained; $900,000,-
000 are a small estimate for debts and liabilities
