2418
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 23,
cannot conceive that any railroad company would
undertake to construct this road within a mile or
two miles of the town of Lawrence withoutgoing
by the town, for I understand that it is a very
thriving and industrious town, improving in pop-
ulation very rapidly; and it seems to me that if
the railroad company could possibly take their
line tkere without very great loss and inconven-
ience to themselves and without making a road
that would be very costly and expensive in its
operation, they would certainly go by that town
in order to prevent any competition for that busi-
ness hereafter.
1 know nothing in regard to the intimation of
the Senator from Kansas that there is an attempt
to levy black mad on the town of Lawrence. 1
do not know even the members of this company
except one, and he is a gentleman from my own
State, who, I believe, has very recently been
elected president of the company, John D. Perry,
and I know no other man connected with it in
any way whatever that I am now aware of, un-
less it be Mr. Hallett. I became acquainted with
Mr. Hallett in December last, and had a conver-
sation in reference to this very matter, springing
out of a petition which the Senator from Kansas
presented to me to sign, asking to have it go by
the way of Lawrence, and which, I believe, I
signed; but the subject was fresh upon my mind
at the time, and I came to the conclusion that I
had improperly signed that petition; and hence it
was that the other day when this subject came
up, remembering that I had examined this map,
1 made the few remarks that I did make.
I desire, and have desired from the beginning,
to fix no points about this railroad by law, but
to leave it to actual survey. When the question
came up in regard to the Smoky Hill fork I
wanted the railroad to run there, provided upon
actual survey it should be determined to be the
best route. 1 think that is the better plan now,
to leave this question alone to the company, and
let them select the most eligible loute. That is
my idea about it, and I think the proper plan for
all of ut* to pursue is to do that and fix as few
points as possible. At (he last Congress, when
a proposition was made by the Senator from Kan-
sas [Mr. Pomeruy] to run the St. Joseph branch
by way of Atchison, I opposed it on the ground
that I did not desire to fix any points. It put a
curve in the road; I desired to keep it out, but
the Senate insisted on it, and it remained in. I
shall not now undertake to move to strike out
that point; but if L had my way about it, I
would not leave that point in the bill. I do not
desire to present any obstacles in the way of the
passage of the bill, and muchjess do I desire to
put obstacles in the way of a straight, direct,
and proper road.
Why, sir, this is to be a great highway; it is to
be a road to be operated in all time to come, from
the Missouri river to the Pacific ocean, a road
over two thousand miles in length. Every gen-
tleman knows how expensive it is to operate a
road in which there are short curves. A state-
ment has been handed to me by some gentleman
connected with this road, Mr. Perry perhaps,
which I will read. If it is wrongthe Senator from
Kansas [Mr. Lank] can correct it;
"To run the main line of the Union Pacific laihvay, to
Lawrence will increase the lenglh of the line two and a half
miles, lt.wjll mcruase the length of the Leavn worth fac-
tion two miles, ami increase the curvatures of the fiihtsec-
tlon of the main line two hundred and twenty-eiyhtdegiee.s,
and make a Joss of gi.uling now completed, of m\ miles.''
I understand that the company have already
graded the road from where thecieek, which Sen-
ators will sec on this map, enters the Kansas river,
for a distance of six miles west of the town of
Lawrence. If it be now required thattheygoby
way of Lawrence, I understand that grading will
be lost.
" On any great commercial road, every mile that can J>e
saved in distance, other ciiaracteiistics of the comp<jtin<*
lines being the same, is worth about .$70,000. Tin- is eqn.U
to the capital of, at six per cent., icpresentins* the annual
expense ot runmngand mamtainingonemileoVafns-t-ela-s
road doing a piofitable business. For the four and a halt
Jttiles increased length in tho main iine and Leavenworth
section, this would amount to §315,000. That is to say.
the shoit line would be worth this sum more than the line
to Lawrence, assuming the grades and curvatuie to be tin;
same ; hut add two hundred and twenty-eight degrees in-
creased cuwawres, and tiie amount will be still greater."
These are the facts that are furnished to me. I
know but little aoout it; and I desire, once for
all, that theSermtor who takes so deep an interest
in this amendment [Mr. Lane, of Kansas] shall
not understand that I am in the least opposed to
it if it can be done so as to secure a good road.
All I desire is tohaveagood road, a straight road;
an<l if this survey be correct the amendment pro-
poses a curve in the road of two hundred and
twenty-eight degrees, making such a road as will
be almost inoperative in consequence of the sud-
den bend made in it. I do notknow that this sur-
vey is correct; but if it is, certainly this amend-
ment will make a very crooked road; and it will
increase the distance, increase the cost, increase
the curves, and the expense of operating the road
infinitely.
Further, I desire to state one additional fact.
There is a branch road being built from Leaven-
worth City, in Kansas, down to Lawrence, on
the Kansas river, and according to my under-
standing that road runs down to Lawrence and
crosses this road almost at right angles two and
a quarter miles from the river. So Lawrence
will have a branch of the main road anyway, and
it will have in all probability the main stem, be-
cause in my State they are now talking of build-
ing a road from Lawrence, so as to tap the Han-
nibal and St. Joseph road, which would make the
Leavenworth and Lawrence branch of this road
in all probability the straight liife. Whether that
line will be constructed or not I cannot say; but
Lawrence is not deprived of a railroad connec-
tion according to my understanding. I believe
they are now constructing the road from Leaven-
worth to Lawrence, so that Lawrence will have
a railroad connection dircct with the main line to
the Pacific. It is only upon this ground that I
make any opposition whatever to the amend-
ment. Really desiring, as I do, a straight line,
one that will be least expensive in its operation,
I must with my present views oppose the amend-
ment.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I am greatly surprised
at the statements made by the Senator from Mis-
souri. If they be true, God protect Lawrewce
from the men who are engaged in constructing
this > oad. Last winter this very man, J. D. Perry,
that the Senator speaks of, who h the moneyed
man of tiie concern, wrote a letter in yonder mar-
ble room to Sam. Hallett directing him to make
this road by way of Lawrence. In response to
that letter riailett telegraphed to me that the road
should be made to Lawrence,and thattelegram was
published in the Lawrence papers. On lastThurs-
day in that marble room J. I). Perry advised me
to insist upon this amendment, and Sam. Ilallett
acquiesced in it. I would not like to take a map
made by these men as evidence in this case. On
last Thursday J. D. Perry told me to enforce this
amendment, and Hallett acquiesced and said he
had no objection to it. The map shows that
making Lawrence a point on this road would ex-
tend it two miles, and they ask of us $300,000 to
induce them to go around there. But the Senator
says it will extend the Leavenworth road. Not
one inch, for the reason that the Leavenworth road
intersects the Lawrence road east of the creek on
the map, at Coshocjpn.
1 have only to say that we have the promise of
these men to make the road to Lawrence three
times in letters to me and twice in telegrams; and
while Sam. Ilallet was telegraphing to me that the
road should be made to Lawrence, his brother was
in Lawrence telling the people that they would
not make the road to Lawrence unless they gave
them $300,000. The people of Lawrence tele-
graphed to me, and I saw him, and he told me
the road should be made to Lawrence; and I do
ask the Senate to protect the people of these two
towns against these sharpers. I hope the Senator
from Missouri is mistaken. I only give the facts;
the letters and telegrams are matters of record.
Mr. HENDERSON". I desne to say once for
all that I am not representing any gentleman con-
' nected with this company. "The only question is
whether this is a correct map or not. The Senator
can state whether it is a correct or incorrect map
of the river and of the country there. I do not
know whether it is correct or not. If the Sena-
tor gays the map is an incorrect one, very well.
It has been furnished to me, and represented to
be the survey made by the engineer of this com-
pany. If it is nn incorrect map I am deceived
about it. If it is a correct map it simply means
that the amendment ought not to be adopted. I
know nothing and I care nothing about it, except
to have a straight road. The Senator understands
my position, I hope. I am not the representative
of anybody about this thing.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. My colleague and the
Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] will bear me
witness that the land opposite Lawrence and op-
posite Topeka is bottom land, and is as level as
this floor. There is nothing in nature to prevent
the road being made to Lawrence. Indeed, on an
examination made when I was at home last fall,
I am satisfied, although not much of a railroad
man, that the least expensive route for this road
is by the way of Lawrencc and Topeka, on tho
river bank.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish the Senator from
Kansas would state further, if he is able, whether
this slight change of route is going to involve the
necessity of making any portion of the road in
that vicinity upon piles; wnether the character of
the ground is such as to admit of its being con-
structed on the surface?
Mr. LANE, of'Kansas. I have said that it is
level bottom.
Mr. HOWARD. But is it hard and firm
enough to sustain a road without being supported
by piles or other artificial means?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Certainly. It is not
overflowed; it is solid land, timber land, heavily
timbered.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore put the ques-
tion on the amendment to the amendment, and
declared it to be agreed to.
Mr. HENDERSON. I misunderstood the
question, and I desire to have a division or the
yeas and nays on that subject. 1 thought the
question was on the amendment suggested by the
Senator from Kansas [Mr. Pomeroy] to the
amendment of his colleague; but I wish to call
the yeas and nays on the adoption of an amend-
ment of that character.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator can do that
when the bill is reported to the Senate. We are
now in Committee of the Whole.
Tiie PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair will
put the question again, if there be no objection.
Mr. HOWARD. I suppose we can take the
vote again in the Senate, and that will answer the
Senator's purpose.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to make a sugges-
tion in order to avoid misapprehension on that
subject. The amendment pending reported by
the committee is a substitute for the whole bill, and
I take it that it will be reported to the Senate as
one amendment in the form in which it is finally
agreed upon, and that this amendment to that
amendment will not be reported and cannot be
reached in the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That will un-
doubtedly be so, and the Chair will put the ques-
tion again on the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Kansas to the amendment of the
committee, in section thirteen, line six, after the
word " thereof" to insert "via Lawrence andTo-
peka, or on the bank of the Kansas river oppo-
site those towns." •
Mr. HENDERSON. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the amendment to the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken,resulted—yeas27, nays 5; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Carlile, Clark, Conn ess, Cow-
an, Dixon, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Harlan, Har-
ris, Ilcndueks, Jloward, Howe, Johnson, Lane oflndiana,
bane or'Kansas, Morgan, Pomeroy,Powell, Ramsey, Sauls-
burv, Sherman, Spiague, Sumner, and Ten Evck—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Davis, Henderson, McDougall, Van
Winkle, and Witley—5.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Buekalew, Chandler, Col-
lamer, Doolittie, Hate, Harding, Hicks, Morrill, Nesinith,
Richardson, Iliddle, Tiumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, Wilson,
and Wright—17.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I move to insert at the
end of the twenty-first section the following:
It is further provided, That should the Central Pacific
Railroad Company of California complete their Jme to the
eastern line ot the State of Calitorma before the line of the
Union Pacific Railroad Company shall have been extended
westward so as to meet the line of said first-named com-
pany, said first-named company may extend thtfir line of
road eastward one hundred and fifty miles on the estab-
lished mute so as to meet and connect with the line of the
Union Pacific road, complying in all respects with the pro-
visions of this act as to said Union Pacific road, and upon
doing so shall enjoy all the rights, privileges, and benefits
conferred by this act and the act to which this is an amend-
ment on the said Union Pacific Railroad Company.
This amendment is one in which all interests,
