1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
is still their impression. You dislike it; and not-
withstanding that dishke, youi sense of justice—
I mean legal justice, I mean moral justice, look-
ing into the condition in which you wore at the time
—led you to provide that every slave manumitted
by your legislation here should be paid for. Now
you arc about to take ours from us, over whom
you have no constitutional control, without pay-
ing us for them. I submit whether thatis right.
I have been led, Mr. President, to say a great
deal more than I anticipated when Igotup. My
purpose was then simply to state the ground on
which I should vote against this section of the
bill. With these remarks I leave the question.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
will pardon the Clmir a moment. The Chair will
state that this amendment proposed by the Sena-
tor from Missouii may be regarded as one entire
amendment, though it is to be executed in two
different parts of the same section. The Chair,
theicfore, will cause the whole amendment to be
lead, and the yfas and nays may be considered
as ordered 011 the whole amendment, if there be
no objection.
The Secretary read the amendment, which was
in section three, line five, after the word "he" to
strike out the words " his mother, and his wife
and children," and after the word "notwith-
standing," in the seventh line, to insert,
And his mother, hi< wife, and eluldien shall also be free,
provided that by the laws of any vState they owe service or
labor to any person or persona who have given aid or com-
fort to the existing tebulliou against the Government &mcc
July 17, 1852.
So that the whole section will read as follows:
That when finypcHon ot Afuenu de-scent who^e service
or laboi is claimed m any State under the laws thereof
t-hail be mustered inc<> the miliuuy 01 naval service of the
United States, he shall forever thereal'tci be free, any law,
u^a^e, 01 custom to the contrary notwithstanding; and his
mother, hif wile, and ehildien .--hall also be free, piovided
that by the laws of any Stat« they owe seivice 01 laboi to
any pe.i^on or peis-ons who have given aid 01 comloit to
the exiting rebellion agam&t the Government since July
17, 18G0; and all laws and paits of Jaws inconsistent heie-
with are heieby tepealed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
consider the whole amendment as pending, if there
be no objection; but if there be objection, as the
yeas and nays have been ordcied on the first part
of the amendment, the question will be taken on
the first part. Is there any objection to the whole
amendment being considered as before the Sen-
ate? The Chair hejxrs none.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to discuss the gen-
eral question involved in this bill at more length
than the Senate would be disposed to give to-
night.
Mr. SUMNER. If the Senator will give way,
I will make n motion to adjourn.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will do so with pleasure,
but I wish tomove,in order that the subject may
come up regularly,and as it is an important bill,
that it be made a special order.
Mr. SUMNER. If we adjourn now it will
be so. 41
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.  
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January 23, 1864.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. W. H. Ciianxlvg.
The Journulofyusturday was read and approved.
EXPENSES OJf ARMORIES, ETC.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication fiom the Wai
Department, tiansmitting a statement of the ex-
penditures at the national armoiies, &c.; which
was laid upon the table,and ordered to be printed.
NAVIGATION Of TIIE OHIO.
Mr. BLAIR, of West Virginia, hy unanimous
consent, niesented joint resolutions of the Legis-
lature of West Vngima in relation to the navi-
gation of the Ohio river, and moved thot tlu-y
be refeired to the Committee ori Commerce, and
printed.
Mr. MOORPIEAD. I hope the resolutions will
be referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs. The
subject is already before that committee.
Mr. IJOLMAN. Would it not be more proper
to r< for the matter to the Committee 011 Roads and
Canals?
Mr. MOORHEAD. The subject has already
been referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. BLAIR, of West Virginia. I will accept
the suggestion of the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia, and move that the resolutions be referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs, and be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
ORDKK OF BUSINESS.
Mr. WILSON I wish to submit to the House
a proposition in relation to the discussion of the
joint resolution reported from the Committee on
the Judiciary in reference to the question of con-
fiscation. I propose, sir, that to-morrow and the
next day be set apart by unanimous consent for
discussion upon that measure, with the under-
standing that no other business shall be done,
and that no vote shall he taken. That will give
gentlemen upon both sides of the House an op-
portunity to make such remarks as they desire,
and we shall thus Rave the time of the House by
removing this subject out of the way of reports
from other committees. If there is no objection,
I hope that that order will be made.
Mr. SCHENCK. X wish to enter a very em-
phatic objection to that proposition. I hope that
ail those who are 111 fuvor of supporting this Gov-
ernment will help me to get up the bill amenda-
tory of the enrollment law.,
Mr. WILSON. I appeal to the gentleman from
Ohio to witiidiaw that objection.
Mr. SCHENCK. Under no possible circum-
stances wiil 1 do it.
Mr. WILSON. Then the result will be that
the House will adjourn over Saturday, and that
we shall lose that much time.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to state to the House
that either to-day or to-morrow I wish to ask their
attention to some reports from the Committee of
Elections, but if the gentleman from Iowa [Mr.
Wilson] wants to-morrow and the next day, he
can have them provided the House will give us
an hour or an hour and a half to-day.
Mr. STEVENS. I wish to say, with great
respect, to the chairman of the Committee on Mil-
itai y Affairs, that I am not prepared to vote upon
his bill. He announced yesterday that copies
of the substitute proposed by the Committee on
Military Affairs would be distributed to members.
The substitute has not been distributed,and is now
for the first time before the members of the House.
Now, it is a very important bill, and I wish to
have an opportunity of reading it. I am not pre-
pared to act immediately 011 that bill, and if it is
foiced upon us for immediate action, although I
desn e in all things to sustain the Administration,
I cannot sustain it by voting blindly on tins bill.
I hope the gentleman will s^iveus further time. I
shall go with him as far as I can, but we may wish
to propose amendments to the bill, and we must
have time to prepare them.
Mr. SCHENCK. It it be in order, I desire to
state exactly what I desire to do with this enroll-
ment bill. I want to suiprise no one, to take ad-
vantageof no one, to depiive no member of a full
oppoitunity of investigating the subject so as to
vote understandmgly upon it.
The gentleman is mistaken in supposing that the
bill lias not been upon the tables of members. The
bill of the Senate, with the substitute proposed by
the Military Committee of this House,wa^ printed
and laid upon the desks of numbeis the day be-
fore yestuday. It was then discovered that the
substitute as piinted contained many veibal er-
roi-s; in some instances there were transpositions
of clauses and the enoncous numbering of sec-
tions.
Yesterday the bill was returned to the Public
Pi inter, in order to have these errors corrected
and the bill printed precisely as the amendments
were reported from the Committee on Military
Affairs. It has been, therefore, substantially be-
fore the House for two days. It is now before
the House this morning, amended in eveiy par-
ticular, with the exception, I behove, of the omis-
sion of a single word of no importance.
Under these circumstances what I propose to
do to-day m reference to this bill is this: the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs is—and I particulaily
as one representing that committee am—without
any disposition to hurry through and carry by
improvident and too hasty legislation any meas-
ure of great public importance. The very fact
that in the committee of which I am a oiemfcer,.
members found, as they discussed from 'tipe ta
time the various principles and matters of detail
contained in this bill, that. their opinions,ere
modified, and some entirely changed} convince^*
me that the House, as a body, should not.legist-
late hastily on the hill, but should take all reason- '
able time—considering the emergency of the oc-
casion— for a fair consideration of all amendments
that may be proposed, and" for a proper discus-
sion. It was with this view, Mr. Speaker, that
when I was directed to report the bill to the House*
as amended by the Committee on Military Affairs,
I first put it to the House to refer it to the Com-,
mittee of the Whole on the state of .-the Union.
This was done by unanimous consent, I then
asked that it might be made the special order for
Wednesday last, my motion being submitted on
Monday last, the very first day that the bill could
be possibly reported back in the House. On thq.
motion to suspend the rules, the only way in whicfy
that object could be reached, two thirds of. the
House did not sustain me in making it a special
oider for yesterday. Now, is it necessary for
me to speak at any length to members of this
House, representatives of various constituencies
throughout the country, of the importance of hav-
ing some action taken on a billof this kind? This
House, together with the other branch of thelegis-
lafcve body, has directed a postponement of the
draft .till the 1st of March. That time is now fast
approaching. The Committee on Military Af-
fairs of the House would have reported some
days since a bill independent of the Senate bill,
but, on conference with the committee, 011 com-
parison of notes, and on looking at the whole
subject, it was found that, generally, the views
of the Senate committee and of the House com-
mittee were so nearly the same that the whole
matter could better be considered and understood
by the House and passed upon if the committee
would wait and offer their bill at the earliest pos-
sible opportunity—as they did—as an amendment
to the Senate bill; and it is in that shape it comes
before us.
If we take up the bill at this time, we cannot
reasonably expect, short of a few days, with any
discussion of it or any consideration of amend-
ments, to pass it. That will bring us into the next
week, and then there wiil remain little more than
three weeks before the 1st of March. Is it neces-
sary that the bill should be passed, and passed
soon? All military men, 1 think, agree,and I think
all thoughtful and observant loyal men agree,
that withm a short time, probably not later than
early in April, will come the tug of this war, wiil
come the last despairing mad effort of these reb-
els once more to break the Union lines, dtivc back
our forces, rccover the tcrritoiy they have lost,
and, it may be, make an invasion of the loyal
States.
This must be prevented. In order to prevent
it we must take every means to obtain men. We
must resort to all the resouices of the country in
order to have men to meet any despairing strug-
gle of that kind that may be made on the part of
the rebellion. Three weeks then only being loft,
even if we undertake to expedite the passage of
this bill, is little enough time for preparation, in
oider, on the one hand by the actual passage of
this bill, to stimulate further reeniistments and
further recruiting, and on the other hand to throw
the Government on the draft in older to supply
any lack of men that there may be.
Now, sii, under these cncmnstances, to oppose
making this bill a special order seems to me to
amount to nothing more, nothing loss, than an at-
tempt to prevent the Government from resorting
to the oniy means left to procure the forces neces-
sary to put an end to the rebellion. 1 am sur-
prised, theiefore, that moie than one third of the
House should have concurred by their votes in
preventing that only action winch could be re-
volted to in order to expedite the passage of the
bill. In good faith the Committee on Military
Affairs proposed to put the bill where there could
be discussion; to put it where there might be a
reasonable and fair opportunity to consider it in
piinciple and in detail, and where amendments
might be offered. But*to put it there and leave
it there to be buried under the business of the
House and carried over indefinitely, in all human
