1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1443
attempted now? This is not a proper time for an-
other reason: I presume tho people of this coun-
try, that portion of them among whom slavery-
doc s not exist, do not wish to havej.his amendment
■ adopted i ijrht or wrong, whether thiee fourths of
the States agree to itor not. I piesumu the Senate
and the House of Representatives honestly wish
that if it shall be ratified it«ehall be ratified by the
honest vote of the people of three fourths of the
States. I submitit to you, Senators, is there a pos-
sibility tiiatif yousubmit it to the peopleunderthe
present circumstances that vote can be had even
in the States professedly and knowingly in the
Union? I ask you, do you believe that he who
is your chosen chief, with an army of a million
and a half of men, is going to allow men who are
a thousand-fold better Union men than he is to
vote? No, sir; that is not his purpose, in my
opinion; and I judge of his purposes in reference
to the future by his acts in the past.
Then, sir, without entering any further into a
discussion us to military interference, I ask you
whether, if you want this amendment honestly
adopted, it would not he "better to waituntil there
can be a free exercise of the voter's right? Do
that, and the people of those States which give
,t their sanction ceitainly can have no just cause
of complaint as a practical question, and can only
question it in reference to its obligatory character
as an amendment of the Constitution.
With these remarks, 1 will not detain the Senate
longer.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I had not sup-
posed until within a very short period that there
were any possible circumstances that could in-
duce me to make a speech, even a shortone, upon
the question now before the Senate. I say with-
out any arrogance, or affectation, or anything
that is unbecoming, that.l have made as many
speeches upon this question as I ever thought 1
should make, a great many years ago, some dozen
or twenty yeais ago nearly. I do not know that
any practical good can result from anything I am
going to say now, which I hope will uotbe much;
but I was admonished once by an meident in my
own cxpcricnce that we do not know precisely to
what uses the speeches that we make may come.
Some eighteen yeats ago I was traveling in a
^private carriage in a retired part of the State of
Maine. My horse became somewhat weary,
and about five o'clock on a Saturday afternoon 1
found it inconvenient to proceed any further, and
stopped at a small hotel in Penobscot county, I
think on the Passadumkeag river, {found that I
had to spend that evening and all day Sunday theie.
I looked around to see if i could find something
to lead, something to amuse me. I went to the
landlady and told her I should like even an old
almanac of last year, if she had nothing else. She
looked aiound, and at last she came to me with
a large sheet, an extra of some newspaper there,
and upon opening it 1 found it contained a speech
made by John P. Hale in the New Hampshire
. Legislature, on the abolition question, a year or
two previous; and that was ail the reading that
that house contained, and the best. [Laeghter.]
It occurs to me that it is possible some of the
speeches on this question may amuse the .solitary
hours of some lonely traveler at some wayside
inn in some future years, and therefore I am in-
duced to say a few words.
In the first place, let me say a word to our
friends who oppose this resolution. They die hard,
very hard, i remember reading that when the
British Parliament sat in judgment upon Chailes
J, and sentenced him to lose his head, they weie
apprehensive that when it came to the last, and
he was actually required to bow down and put
his head under the ax, he might resist, and the
Commoiib, with great prudence and prcscience,
had prepared pulleys and machinery by which if
he resisted he should actually be drawn under the
ax, and his head severed from his body. That
is history that i think is not without its teaching
in the present day. I think that the judgment
lias gone forth that slavery must die. The com-
mons have passed that sentence; and I teii you,
sir, if slavery is refractory, and docs not quietly
submit, the commons will prepaie pulleys by
which to bring the victim under the ax.4
Mr. President, permit me to say that this is
a day that I and many others have long wished
for, long hoped for, longstuven for. It is a day
when the nation is to commence its leal life* or if
it is not the day, it is the dawning of the day; the
day is near at hand. The day is to come when
the American people are to wake up to the mean-
ing of the sublime truths which their fathers ut-
tered years ago and which have slumbered dead
leHcrs upon the pages of our Constitution, of our
Declaration of Independence, and of our history—
a day when the nation is to be disembarrassed of
the inconsistencies which have marked its history
and its career, patent to the world and to our-
selves when we have had the courage faithfully,
fairly, and boldly to look the truth in the face.
Sir, what is the truth ? We have had upon the
pages of our public history, our public documents,
and our public recordssomeof the sublimest truths
that ever fell from human lips; and there never
has been in the histoi y of the world a more strik-
ing contrast than we have presented to heaven
and earth between thegrandeurand the sublimity
of our professions and the degradation and in-
famy of our practice. Thatday is topassaway,
and to pass away, I trust, right speedily.
I am glad that the conduct of the theological
branch of this discussion lias been handed over
to a man who can so ably handle it as my dis-
tinguished friend from Iowa, [Mr. Harlan;] but
let me congratulate him that in conducting that
theological discussion very great progress has
been made. A. little while ago a man who argued
this scriptural question had to begin with " cursed
be Canaan," at Genesis. We have got by that;
Genesis is laid aside; and we have got so far
thiough the Bible that we have actually finished
the reading of the epistle of Paul the apostle to
Philemon. [Laughter.] Weshall soon get through
the Testament when we have got thus far. If my
honoiabic friend takes up that question, and ac-
cepts the challenge that is thus made to him, I
•suppose he will lllustiate some differences that
may be found in the slavery to which Onesimus
was sent back a-nd that which we are about-to
abolish that arc somewhat curious. But 1 will
not dwell upon that subject.
But J desire to say a word, in all sincerity and
in all kindness, to those gentlemen who still linger
here, the repiesentatives, or rather the-«admims-
tratois de bonis nnn, of what was once the old
Demociatic paity. [Laughter.] They pretend
to think—and I am not the man to stand here and
say they do not believe what they pretend to be-
lieve—that it is in their power, if they had the
control, to save the country and restore the Union.
I am willing to concede, for the purposes of all
that I have to say, that they actually believe it;
that that is their faith; and I apprehend fiom some
things that have fallen from some gentlemen even
in this neighborhood, that my honorable and ven-
erable friend from Kentucky [Mr. Davis] is not
far from entertaining similar opinions, that the
Democratic party might, by some possibility, save
the country and save the Union; and what is more
than all that, save them solves, too. Sir, it is a de-
lusion, an utter delusion. Let me ask their atten-
tion fur a moment or two to some consideiaUons
which induce me to believe that it is an utter de-
lusion. • *
How can they do it? Patrick Henry, the great
orator of the Revolution—no offense to Massa-
chusetts, [laughter,]—said that he knew of no
other lamp to guide his feet but the light of ex-
peuence. Taking that a« a maxim or as a text,
let me ask what there is in the history of this
Democratic patty that gives countenance to the
idea that by any possibility, even if they had
everything their own w;iy, they could save the
country and save the Union? This rebellion,
revolution, or whatever you please to call it—1
believe H has been judicnliy decided that we are
not at war—commenced under James Buchanan,
a DemociaticPresident They had a Democratic
Senate, a Democratic House of Representatives,
a super-Democratic Supreme Court of theUnited
States, and a huge majority of all the officers of
every organization, moral and physical, in tin;
country, including the Army and Navy and mm-
i isters; i mean taking the whole country. They
had a large majoiity of the States, of the Gov-
ernors of the States, the representatives of the
States, and they had majorities everywhere that
majorities were worth counting. The)''could not
keep (he peace with all that. They lost it, Nay,
more than that, they had a little love feast of their
own down at Charleston; there was no abolition-
ist) no Federalist £here to veac and plague them j
and they could not keep family peace. The^
could riot keep national peace, and they oould not
keep family peace, but split, broke, wentasunder,
every man his own way, and the present is the
result of it.
Plow are they going to do any better now thaa
they did then? They lost eleven States at one;
slide that they had then. They,areall gone; ami
I say it with great respect and great kindness to
them they have lost, besides, pretty nearly every
respectable man they had in the free States that
gave character and stability to their party. I
need not go out of the Senate Chamber to prove
that. Well, sir, they have lost all that; and now
in the days of their dissolution and weakness,
when their preaching here sounds in one respect
so'mething similar to that of John the Baptist—
44 the voice of one crying in the wilderness,"
[laughter;] for there is only here and there one
of them—they are still impressed with that in-
sane delusion that if they had the power they
could save the country and save the Union and
save themselves.
I do not desire to argue this question, but
merely to suggest the palpable, prominent, indis-
putable facts of history. It is said to be a hard
thing for an individual to find out when his men-
tal faculties begin to fail him. It is not difficult
for him to find out when his physical strength
fails him, but it is very rare that a man finds out
when his mental vigor begins to fail him I supr
pose what is true of individuals is true of parties
and of collections of men. But let me ask ray
friends, do they not feel in then* own experience
when they read the newspapers, do they not be-
gin to find some indications that the day of the
strength of the Democracy has departed, that it
i has gone or is going? It seems to me that they
} must. 1 appeal, then, to all who hear me', is it
not the part of wisdom to submit to what is in-
evitable? Charles I did not compel the Com-
mons to put the pulleys on to haul him under the
ox; but when he found the ax was up and that
the Commons had decreed that his head should
go under it and the ax should come down, like
a sensible and well-bred gentleman as he was, he
put his head under. If royalty could learn that
lesson from coming events, and could learn to act
with becoming prudence, is it too much to ask
the Democratic party when the ax is up and the
inevitable sentence from which there is no escape
has been pronounced, like that good Christmn
gentleman, Charh s I, quietly to put their heads
under and submit to what must come?
Mr. President, what is to be cannot he avoided;
and if theie is any one thing which, it seems to
me, the indications from every side everywhere
teach us, it is that the day of this power is over;
and these is no indication more indicative of it,
more satisfactory, more conclusive to my own
mind, than the Christian and statesmanlike effort
made by the honorable Senator fiom. Maiyland
i yesterday. When trom such quarters and from
such sou ices, such exhibitions of true and inevi-
table consequences are portiaycd before the peo-
ple of this country, theie is no great difficulty in
understanding the signs of the times or predicting
what is speedily to follow. 1 ask everybody who
hears me, do you not lejoice that the day has
come? Aie you not giad that this nation, blind
and deaf so long to the teachings of history and
the commands of God, has at length aioused it-
self fi oin its lethargy, listened to the voices which
heaven and earth, God and nature, are proclaim-
ing, and is preparing to put itself in alliance with
the Power which cannot be resisted and whose
lint will most surely be executed.
Sir, when the gieat founder of the Dutch re-
public, William the Silent, 1 think he was called,
alter losing his armies, his treasure, his finances,
and everything but his own indomitable courage
and his Christian faith, counseled his followers
again to rally and again to strike for freedom,
they asked hmi, ei Have you secured any alli-
ances? Arc there any of the potentates and Pow-
ers of the earth that yon could associate with, that
will aid you in thestrnggle in which you propose
to engage?" His answer was, "Yes; i have
allied myself to the King of kings, and in His
strength I invite you to go to battle." Sir, that
is the position and the only position this nation
can occupy. If we cannot do that, if we cannot
put away from us the great sin and the great
crimo which has separated us not only from th<|
