1444
JHE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 6
sympathies-of the Christian world, but from the
blessings of the Goei of the Christian world, then
indeed is our cause hopeless and our struggle des-
perate.
But, sir, whenever unconditionally and without
equivocation we come up to the mark and place
ourselves on the high standard of Christian duty
and resolve that despite of all extraneous circum-
stances, of all doubtful contingencies, of all ques-
tionsof expediency, we will place ourselvesfirmly
upon the everlasting rock of duty and our action
shall be in accordance with our conscientious con-
victions, then, and not till then, will that pillarof
cloud by day and fire by night which led the
ehosen people from the house of bondage to the
land of promise be ours. Then we shall indeed
and in truth be worthy of our genealogy and our
histofry. Then the sublime teachings of the Pil-
grim fathers who left everything behind them that
they might come hither and plant in this wilder-
ness a temple of liberty and throw wide open its
doors for the oppressed of earth to enter and be
at rest—then will all that be realized. Then with-
out shame, without reproach, and without apol-
ogy, we can stand in this nineteenth century,
soldiers of the new civilization and of an old
Christianity, going forth to battle with every im-
pulse of our hearts and every purpose that we
entertain in full accordance with the best wishes
and hopes of the good on Qarth and of the God
in heaven; when we take this position and take
it firmly and ably, then and not until then shall
we .triumph; then and not till then shall we see
the beginning of the end.
Sir, i do not read papers very often; but I tell
you that yesterday and to-day I, for one individual,
nave fcft more confidence, more hope, more as-
surance that we were on the right way, that we
were on the way to victory, to peace, to honor,
to safety, and renown than 1 ever have since this
rebellion commenccd.
Mr. President, let me say one word more, and
I shall not detain the Senate longer. When the
Saviour of man with the sympathy and pathos
with which He loved the chief city of His native
land wept over Jerusalem His lamentation wan,
14 If thou hadst known in this thy day the things
that belong to thy peace l" Sir, that is what this
nation ought to know: that is what the nation
ought to understand. It is what I believe; and
by a vigorous prosecution of this measure we
shall evidence to heaven and earth that we do un-
derstand and mean to perform the things which
belong to our nation's peace. When we have
done that, and not till then, can we look forward
with any confident hope to the termination of tins
war.
Mr. MoDOUCALL. Mr. President 
Mr. HENDRICKS. If the Senator prefers to
speak in the morning, as it is late now, I shall
move an adjournment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from California yield the fioor to the Sena-
ator from Indiana for the motion indicated?
Mr. MeDOUGALL. I am willing to consult
the pleasure of the body. It will suit me as well
to go on m the morning as now. I have not much
to say.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. MeDOUGALL Mr. President, it is not
my purpose to undertake an elaborate discussion
of a subject that has been worn threadbare for
twenty years, but rather to define my exact po-
sition m relation to the question presented to the
Senate.
We have had now three years of war, terrible
war; rnoie than one hundred thousand of our
friends and brethren have gone down on the red
battle-field; there are circumstances attending
about tins present question that should challenge
grave consideration, and not permit of the loose
jest; and it has seemed to me that the Senator
from New Hampshire, in his'jibing discourse,
commencing with comedy and ending with tra-
gedy, changing the uilc of the administration of
the theater, has been playing fantastic tricks be*
fore high Heaven that should make angels weep.
This question is nu question for loose debate, It
is no question for je.it. It is a question for grave
consid<ratiou. I am surprised that gentlemen
get up loosejy in their p^aoe in this Senate Hall
and talk of settling this controversy by the pas-
sage of a series of resolutions, when we have
against us in arms, in their own country, in their
own fastnesses, behind their own defenses, an
army equal to our own. They should know, if
they remember history, how a few Indians in
Florida resisted the American arms; and that a
great power in the South is not a power to be
trifled with, nor to be made the subject of com-
mon jest. These things are too grave for jesting,
and demand the grave consideration that was
supposed in ancient times,-and in the betterdays
of our own Republic, to be the characteristic of
Senators.
We have engaged in a war that now has em-
ployed our armies for three full campaigns. We
have achieved as yet no great success. Richmond
is not yet ours. Some question whether we com-
mand the current of the Mississippi. We have
got a great war before us. I came into this Senate
Chamber at the opening of the last Congress,
willing to lend my aid in maintaining effective
war, and I asked for a million men and full ap-
propriations. That was not the opinion of the
other side of this Chamber then; and consequently
the war has lingered on, hundredsand thousands
of millions have accumulated as the debt which
we have to pay as well as its current interest.
These are grave things, independent of the blood
that has flowed from our kindred, and demand
grave consideration.
I thought when I came here that the business
of the Federal Congress, the business of the Ex-
ecutive of the Federal Union, the business of this
Government, was by the exercise of its full power
to put down the rebellion; but whathas been the
fact? From the time I took my place here until
this day, until these last ten minutes, hardly a
quarter of an hour has passed that has not been
occupied by discussing the status of negroes in the
southern confederacy. Our home policy, our
finances, our legitimate business, our foreign re-
lations, have all been ignored.
I, as I said on rising, do not propose to discuss
this question here: my argument ia an affirmation
that we have no business with meddling with so
grave a (Question of fundamental and elementary
law while we have a war to maintain for the pur-
pose of reestablishing the Republic. I have from
the first protested against the continuous discus-
sion of this question not belonging to armies, not
belonging to forces, but belonging to a sentiment
or opinion which could not be made use of for
any legitimate purpose in the conti oversy before
us. I have asked the Senators on both sides of
the Chamber to assert the strength of the Repub-
lic and compel obedience to the Constitution and
the laws, and so I shall say as long as I occupy
my place in this Chamber; but I protest against
occupying the time of the Senate of the Republic
of North America entirely in discussing subjects
that have nothing to do with the reestablishing of
the Republic that has been disintegrated by hos-
tile forces having no faith in the system as it ex-
ists.
I shall myself, and I would were I alone, vote
agaiost these amendments, not because I am not
in favor of freedom, but because they have no
proper office at this time in this body, and their
tendency is to aggravate the war. I am confident
thai this provision being passed it will add twenty-
five or fifty per cent, to the vital forces of the
southern confederacy. We have been inviting
those accumulated forces ever since the war com-
menced. I have opposed that policy. Isitpos-
siblc, with this measure passed, that the men of
the South will not fight to extremity; and if they
fight to extremity when will they be compelled to
yield ? It is said that Rome did not take the men
of the north of Britain with all their defenses.
It is said that neither Edward I nor any of the !
succeeding kings of England with three times the s
force over conquered the fastnesses of the north,
it is history that England had to accept a Scot-
tish king in order to secure peace between those
two departments of a single island. Now it is a
vain thought and a vain hope that by this system
of subjugation, by this system of force, we can
compel the men of the mountains of the Allegha-
nies as they extend south, through South Caro-
lina and Georgia and through Alabama, and as ;
they radiate through the country, to yield to us.
The men of the mountains will maintain the land
against us. It is av$in thought that the result
at which we aim can le accomplished by this
pressure of legislation. What strength is there
in any Senator's arm? What can he compel and
what is the force of your resolution ? It achieves
nothing that tends toward victory, it only arouses
the fierce animosity of now a present violent foe.
There is no peace in this. There is no triumph
in this. There is no settlement in this. And as
things tend now, we shall have to leave to our
children, and perchance to our children's children,
a legacy of war. I came here unwilling to leave
the legacy of controversy to my children, and I
have done my best to maintain a strict course of
policy that peace might be established in the land
and leave no legacy of that kind on my part.
I am compelled to say, Mr. President, that as
the year has rolled round, I have seen but little
to afford us hope. Only once did I read that mel-
ancholy poet who said:
" Let the heavens be hung in black
And let the earth put mourning on."
And in my judgment it may well be said of uss
"Let the heavens be hung in black
And let the earth put mourning on,"
for in the history of no free people, since the time
the Persians came down upon Athens, have I
known as melancholy a period as this day and
year of our Lord in our history; and if we can
by the blessing of God and by His favor rise
above it, it will be by His special providence and
by no act of ours. I shall vote against the reso-
lution.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot.)
Is the Senate ready for the question on the amend-
ment reported by the Committee on the Judiciary ?
Mr. POWELL. I have an amendment to of-
fer to the amendment, to come in as an independ-
ent proposition at the end of the proposed article:
Art. 34. The President and Vice President shall hold
their offices for the term of four years. The person who
has filled the oflice of President shall not be reeligihle.
This is a proposition which I hope will meet
with the approval of the Senate. It will be ob-
served that it is independent of the amendment
proposed by the committee. If it shall be ap-
proved by the Senate and by the House of Rep-
resentatives, and ratified by the proper number of
States, it will of course become a part of the Con-
stitution; but it will notin any way interfere with
the proposition of the committee. One may be
ratified by the necessary number of States, one
may be rejected, or both ."may be adopted. It is
not necessary, and I shall not at any very great
length, state to the Senate the reasons why this
provision should be incorporated into the Con-
stitution. I believe that no man has been in the
presidential ofiice for the last twenty years, who
has sought a reelection, but has used, to a greater
or less extent, the power and the influence of the
office for the purpose of securing his reelection.
A free nation mustprotect itself by the virtue and
the force of its own laws, otherwise it will sooner
or later perish. When we clothe a citizen of this
Republic with the office of Chief Magistrate he
should not be tempted to use the power of that
office for the purpose of securing a reelection.
Whenever he does so lie prostitutes the high of-
fice lie holds. The Chief Magistrate should de-
vote his whole time to the duty of administering
the laws of the country and to seeing that they are
faithfully executed. He should not be diverted,
by any hope of future position, from the single
purpose of promoting the good of the country
over which he presides.
I suppose every Senator in this Chamber must
have witnessed at some period of his life the evils
resulting from the executive office being used for
the purpose of securing the reelection of its in-
cumbent. Such efforts always result in evil, and
tire never promotive of good. We find now on the
lips of almost every person who is not in favor
of the reelection of the present incumbent the as-
sertion that he is using his office for the purpose
of securing a reelection. It is said that he hawks
offices about, and bestows patronage here and
patronage there on unworthy and sometimes cor-
rupt individuals in order to secure their aid to
promote his desire for a renewal of his term of
service. The same charge has been made against
every man who has filled that office and who has
sought a reelection, since I have had any knowl-
edge of public affairs. I believe we can have no
man in the presidential office who, if he desires a
reelection, will not use the office to a greater or
less extent to secure that result. Our fandamen tal
