THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 29,
$35,000 will not be by any means sufficient. I
am opposed to authorizing a committee to acton
their own judgment, their own taste, their own
information alone in making important changes
10 these Halls. I trust the subject will be prop-
erly and thoroughly investigated, and that this
recommendation will be. subjected to the scrutiny
and examination of the two Houses, to be by
.them adopted if approved of.
Mr. BROOKS. I would ask the gentleman
from Vermont if he ever expects that one hun-
dred and eighty pr two hundred members of Con-
gress will ever take the time to investigate any
plan of ventilation. I know nothing about the
theory of ventilation or of acoustics, but there is
•one fact palpable to me every day and every hour,
and that is that this is not a place fit to breathe
in, and that no natural breath can be inhaled by
persons hure. In the end this is to bo done by
some engineer or architect; but why not devolve
tliis duty on a sub-committee? Why not give that
committee power now? Why not have a prop-
erly ventilated Hall next session of Congress?
Some architect, some engineer^some committee
will have to direct and execute some plan finally,
for a body of two hundred men has neither the
time nor the capacity to act upon and approve
any phm.
The time is now or never. The same debate
would occur next winter, and nothing will be
done. Tile same debate will occur the winter
after, and nothing will be done. The whole tend-
ency and management of the public business is to
throw it out of the hands of the House and ne-
cessarily into the hands of a fewcommiitees, for
necessarily the gteat body of the members of the
House aie not physically able to remain within
these walls hour after hour. They must go out
of doors to seek pure air. There is nothing 1
have desired so much during the night sessions
we have had here as to escape from this Capitol.
It would have been better that the two Houses
should havetheirsittings out under (he trees where
we could have the pure air of heaven rather than
to have been confined within these walls. Our
business is to a eonsideiable extent transuded by
unanimous consent. Why, sir, this morning ten
or fifteen gentlemen pressed through bills involv-
ing thousands, teun of thousands, bundled* of
thousands, if not millions of dollars, that the
great body of Ihe Mouse will know nothins of
until they rend them in the publmhul acts of Con-
gress. It cannot be otherwise in this Hull as at
present arranged, for it is impossible to sit here.
I have been as constant in my attendance here ami
as constant in my attention to what was going on
as my capacity would admit dining the present
Congress; but it in impossible for any member to
know what goes on. Why, nil, our tenement
houses in New York, some of them lil'iy, si^ty,
or one hundred feet under ground, some of them
ten or twelve stories high, mo betlet supplied with
air; their tenants: enjoy better ventilation than we
who five within these gorgeous rooms, m this
Magnificent Capitol, amid this gold, surrounded
by these pictures, leposing upon these luxurious
seats. Sir, 1 would inther .^it upon a biokcn
bench under some lealy tree in the open air in
some wild woods than to submit to the miserable
confinement within this Hall.
Mr. MORUILL. The gentleman \s denunci-
ation of this Hall .should perhaps bo taken will)
sow grains of allowance. i believe it is con-
ceded by all that H is improperly ventilated, but
the question arisen whether wo shall adopt the
plan of the present architect, which involves no
great amount ofexpenditut e, or piovide for some
new plan. I believe the architect assumes that
he can give any amount of ventilation required
very easily without any change of the present
plan. Geutl-mien who understand anything: of
tile construction of this building know that to go
into a i^construction of this Hull would involve
an expenditure of hundreds of thousands of dol-
lars.
Und-r those circumstances, I think it is no more
than proper that we should exercise a considera-
ble enwunt of eau turn . judgment, and dincrimina-
tion b'for.' we am Inn ;ze ,niy committee, without
too ;>ian Loiiii* submitted to Con^rei's, to enter
upon a v/oi.'*; v. Inch may involve so grave con-
Sequences. 1 trust tins committee will notadopt
the amendment of the gentleman from New York,
«t least until the mchitect has heel the opportu-
nity of ascertaining whether a proper amount of
ventilation cannot be secured under the present
plan.
Upon the adoption ofMr. Brooks's amendment
70 voted in the affirmative, and 29 m the negative .
Mr. RICE, of Maine, culled for tellers.
Mr. BROOKS. Let me suggest that if gentle-
men upon the other side of the House do not like
my amendment let them change it to suit them-
selves. I do not care how it is done, I only want
some plan adopted to give us pure air.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from New York by adding
thereto:
Piovidcd, That no greater sum shall be appropriated
unclm tin:* appiopt jation tliaii is nece.-sary to inerea&c the
ventilation ^utficjently upon the plan now m existence.
Mr. KALBFLEISCII. I object to that amend-
ment. The gentleman fiom Vermont and i differ
upon many subjects, and 1 think upon the sub-
ject of ventilation. 1 do not know what these
plans may be. [Laughter.]
Mr. MORRILL. All 1 desire is that we shall
not be involved in an expenditure of half a million
dollars without knowing what we are about.
Mr. FRANK. I presume there is no objec-
tion upon the part of any one to a pioper inves-
tigation b' ing made in regard to ventilation; but
if any change is undertaken in the plan of this
Ilall there is no question biU a vci y large amount
of expenditure will be involved.
Mr. BROOKS. 1 am willing to limit the ex-
penditure to §525,0U0,
Mr. FRANK. That is very well, but the gen-
tleman will find that the expenditure of ^23,000
will be but the entering wedge of appropiutUons
of hundreds of thousands.
Mr. BROOKS. 1 am willing to add the proviso
that there should be no change in this structure
of (he Halls of Congress. I do not care for the
heat, but! want to bieathe the fresh air of heaven.
I tun willing to endiue this miserable ai tificial
fight, but i want to bieathe. I do not ask tor
any change m the sti umue of the Hall; I only
ask that some pla.n of ventilation may bendopted
tlmi will enable us to sit heie and attend to the
public bUHilU-'Hfi.
| Mr. STEVKNS. I want to move to amend
; -still tui tiu-r.
I The CHAIRMAN, Further amendment is
j not in order.
| Mr. MORRILL. I desire to add a proviso that
] no greater sum shall be expended undei this ap-
propriation than shall be necessary to increase
the ventilation upon the plans now in use.
Mi fc>TKVl£N S. I undeihtand the gentleman
from New Voile accept * that amendment.
Mr BROOKS?. Certainly.
Mr. MORRILL. The object of my amend-
ment is to «,'iv« the architect an opportunity to
increase the ventilation upon hisown plan, which
he says he can do, and without any large expend-
mue of money. That can be done during the
recess (if Congress, while to make an entire
change will icquirea yearoi mote.
Mi. BROOKS. I wantadded the words " that
thcie shall be no change in the Halls of Con-
glt'^S.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 am willing to agree to
lluit.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
The Senate amendment, as umended, was non-
coneuued m.
Mi. BROOKS, llow docs the question stand
now ?
The CHAIRMAN. With the Senate amend-
ment non-concntied m.
Mr. BROOKS. What has become of the
amendment of the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union '
The CHAIRMAN. The question fell with
the non-concuneuce.
Mi. BROOKS. I demand a division.
Mr. MORRILL. We .ire willing that thegen-
tleman shall have u vote on the amendment in the
House.
Mr. BROOKS. 1 nsree to that
Me. HOLMAN. These id nothing before the
House, oral 1 object.
Mr. BROOKS. 1 move to insetf ^2,499.
Mr. STEVKNS. i make the point of order
that there is nothing before the House on which
to hang the amendment; the Senate amendment
has been disposed of.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains tho
point of order.
Mr. BROOKS took an appeal from the decision
of the Chair, but subsequently withdrew it.
The next amendment of the Senate was read,
as follows:
Insert:
Provided, That In courts of tlie United States there shall
be no exclusion of any witness on account of color, no.- in
cfril actions because lie is a party to or interested in the
ist>uc tried.
Mr. MALLORY. I ask that the section may
be read to which that is proposed to be attached.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Srcc. 13. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the 'inn of
4100,000 1.? hereby appropuateci, out of any money 111 tho
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, lor tho pnrpo>e of
meeting any expenses in delecting and biingms: to trial and
piiiH.-limnit prisons eima^etl in counterfeiting Trcasuiy
notes, bonds, or oilier securities of the United States, as
well as tiie com of the United States.
Mr. MALLORY. I make the point of order
that the amendment of the Senate is notgermane
to the bill before the House. I cannot for my life
see what right the Senate of the United States has
to incorporate intoa bill of the House distinctand
substantive legislation. This is a bill to appropri-
ate money, and emanates from the Committee of
Ways and Means. It was reported from that
committee, acted on by the House, and sent to
the Senate. 11 has been returned with this amend-
ment which has no reference to the object of the
bill at ail. It is distinct and substantive legisla-
tion, and on a subject of great importance, and
which should not be acted upon in this light and
hurried manner.
Mr. STKVENS. While that may be a good
argument against adopting the amendment, the
question of order cannot prevail. The same
rules do not affect the Senate that affect the House,
and they may add what amendments they please
to the bill. This is a question of expediency and
not a question of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order of the gentleman from Kentucky.
Air. MALLORY. I rise toanother point of or-
der. it is that the whole amendment, that adopted
by the House as well as the Senate amendment
thereto, is out of order; that that section itself,
which 13 the action of the House, and which by
the admission of ihe gentlemnn from Pennsylva-
nia and of the Chair is subject to the orders and
control of this House, is out of order inasmuch
as it is a distinct matter of legislation not con-
nected with the appropriation of money, and it
ought not to have been, under the rules of the
House, introduced into an appropriation bill by
the Committee of Ways and Means.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the point of oider comes entirely too late after a
bill has passed from the possession of the House
and been sent to the Senate.
Mr. MALLORY. 1 hope then—and that is
the last thing 1 can resort to—that the committee
will not concur. I think the whole thing is vicious
and wtong in itself. 1 think that even if it is in
oider—and I am bound to believe it is not after
tho decision of the distinguished chairman—it is
wrong for this House in so summary a manner
as this, without consultation, without reflection,
on the spur of the moment,and nearly at the close
of the session of Congress, to take up and adopt
an amendmentofleredby the Senate of theUmted
Slates which changes the law of the land so vi-
tally as that does, it is a subject which should
have been sent by this House'to its able Judici-
ary Committee to have been thought over, pon-
dered on by them,adjusted by the committee,and
reported from that committee to the House before
action should be taken by 11s.
I have not time now, nor do I wish, to enter
into a discussion of the merits of this case. I do
not wish to show the reasons why negroesshould
not be admitted m the courts of the United States
as witnesses, nor why they should be. My ground
is that we are not now m a condition to settle this
question. It comcs on us too suddenly, and we
have not the time to deliberate upon it which we
should take to lelleot upon a matter of this im-
portance hofoiv it is settled.
Mr. STEVENS. I presume this is a question
which every man who is deemed lit to have a seat
in this House has thought on more than once.
It is not suddenly raised now for the first time,
nor is it suddenly presented to any man's mind.
