THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
probability beyond the time indicated for the
making of the draft, would have been to deny to
the Government the benefit of the bill as a means
of raising men to carry on the war. I was un-
willing, therefore, to have it simply referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and the Committee on Military Affairs
were unwilling that that should be done unless
, there was an understanding on both sides of the
House that it should be taken up and acted upon
speedily.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let me in-
terrupt the gentleman for a moment. Cannot the
fentleman obviate this difficulty by bringing the
ill and amendments back into the House and
have them considered and acted upon section by
section ?
Mr, STEVENS. Suppose, that the House
should agree that the bill be made a special order
for Monday next. Would that suit the gentle-
man from Ohio ?
Mr. SCHENCK. The emergency is a great
one, and I think that an earlier day ought to be
fixed.
' Ml*. STEVENS. As I havestated, 1 have not
yet read the bill before the House, because it lias
not yet been printed and laid before us. The
gentleman from Ohio informed us that an entirely
new bill would be presented on the part of the
Committee on Military Affairs, and it is only right
that we should have an opportunity carefully to
examine thatproposition. It is very far from my
design or wish to obstruct action on the part*of
the House. I am willing that it shall be made the
special order for Monday next.
Mr. SCHENCK. I greatly prefer thatitshould
be made a special order for one day this week.
Do not let us adjourn on Saturday.
The SPEAKER. Any such understanding
must be by unanimous consent.
Mr. SCHENCK. Gentlemen seem to prefer
that the bill should be made a special order for
Monday next. I do not object to that, if it be the
understanding of the House, namely, that it shall
be made the special order in the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union for Monday
next, and from day to day until disposed of. If
that be the understanding, I will withdraw my
motion to reconsider the vote by which the bill
was referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union in order to bring the whole
matter back into the House.
Now, Mr. Speaker, the remarks which I have
made apply to a fact which I do not want the
House to lose sight of, and that is, that the bill
shall be subject to the control of a majority of the
House. I do not object that the bill shall remain
in the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, where members may have an opportunity
to discuss it and to amend it, provided that neither
debate nor amendment is abused, and the bill is
brought hack to the House in good time for action.
Mr. STEVENS, The gentleman's proposi-
tion is a fair one; it docs not cut off debate or
amendments, and 1 hope that it will be agreed to.
Mr. STILES. Let it be made the special order
for Tuesday instead of Monday.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. I object.
Mr. BROOKS. I think, Mr.Speaker, that there
will be a general concurrence of opinion on the
subject if we understand eacli other. The only
doubt that exists in the minds of gentlemen is in
reference to how long discussion will be allowed.
What length of time does the chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs feel disposed to
give to the House for discussion of this measure
in the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union?
Before the gentleman from Ohio answers that
question, I hope that I will be permitted to say
that, while I am opposed to a consciiption, I am
neveitheless indisposed to throw any obstacles m
the way of action. I agree with the gentleman
that whatever is to be done on the subject ought
to be done quickly. Although I intend to oppose
the bill by every proper parliamentary action, yet
i shall not resort to any of its devices to unneces-
saiily delay action. What we desire to know is
what length of time it is proposed to give for dis-
cussion?
Mr. SCHENCK. As I have already declared,
I am no friend of the jfnmous question, and to
legislating under duress. But I cannot answer
for what the House may determine to do. if ihe
bill be referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union and discussed on its mer-
its, section by section, I shall expect the discus-
sion to go on for a reasonable period, say one or
two or three days, as may seem to be the dispo-
sition of the House. Unless, let me add, I find
that gentlemen are only considering the bill as a
hook upon which to hang speeches on all manner
of subjects, and then I shall ask the House to
limit the debate. I believe that five minutes will
be sufficient for every gentleman to advocate or
oppose the amendments to the details of the bill.
If I find that the five minutes' debate is abused,
then i shall ask the House to terminate it and
confine members to amendments. Every amend-
ment may then be offered until amendment is ex-
h austed.
Mr. BROOKS. Why not fix Thursday or Fri-
day of next week for closing the general debate
on the bill?
Mr. STEVENS. If the bill bemadea special
order, the debate, under the rules, must be con-
fined to the merits of the measure.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. If I understand
the proposition of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Sciienck] I think that it is unobjectionable. It
is that he consents to a reference of the bill to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union;
that there shall be full opportunity to discuss the
merits of the bill; and that if he discovers we are
abusing the privileges which are granted to us he
will then propose the five minutes' debate. If
that be the understanding, this side of the House
I believe will cheerfully agree to it.
Mr. MILLER,of Pennsylvania. The answer
of the gentleman from Ohio to a question which
I will propose to him will determine my vote in
regard to this matter. I ask him whether his idea
of duress in refercncc to legislation is the same as
that which is understood to be his idea of duress
in reference to the exercise of the elective fran-
chise? [Laughter.]
Mr. SCHENCK. Whenever that question
comes up the gentleman shall hear my ideas on
that point fully. I am now engaged upon the
enrollment act.
1 wish it understood, in response to the sugges-
tion of the gentleman from New York, that two
or three days in such an emergency as we are now
in, the bill having probably to be returned to the
Senate, would be quite a reasonable length of
time to allow debate, excepting the five minutes'
debate.
Mr. GARFIELD. If the House willallow us
to take up the bil! to-morrow, we shall have more
time for its discussion than if we postpone it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I think the
proposition of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Scukncjc] is more acceptable to the House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Soiiencic] asks unanimous consent of the
House that the enrollment bill be made the special
order for Monday next at two o'clock p. m., and
from day to day until disposed of. Is there ob-
jection ;
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. I object to mak-
ing it a special oider.
Mr. STEVENS. Well, if it be not made a
special order any question may be discussed, and
the object of the gentleman fiom Ohio will be de-
feated'.
Mr. IvERNAN. I submit to both sides of the
House that it is hotter to make the bill a special
order, because then gentlemen will have to dis-
cuss the merits of the bill and nothing else.
Mr. FEPv.NAM.DO WOOD. I understand that
the effect of making the bill a special order will
be to keep the subject before the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union until disposed
of. I object to that.
Mr. SCHENCK. Very well; there is a privi-
leged motion pending, one to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and if
gentlemen upon the other side insist upon delay
for the purposcof defeating the bil!, and will not
go into a fail discussion of the measure, I must
call up ihe motion to reconsider.
Mr. PENDLETON. I move to lay the mo-
tion to reconsider upon the table.
Mr. SCHENCK. My colleague has not the
floor for that purpose.
Mr.YEAMAN. I desire to say, with the permis-
sion of the gentleman fmmOhio, [Mr.Schenck,]
that I hope the objection from this side of the
House to making this bill a special order will be
withdrawn. It is very important that this bill
shall be taken up and acted upon. I think there
will be no disposition on any side of the House
to indulge in general debate upon it. There will
be ample opportunity for gentlemen upon both
sides of the House to discuss every subject as
fully as they desire. It is necessary, if we intend
to <io anything at all upon this measure, that it
should be done soon. We have an opportunity
now, under the proposition of the chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs, to discuss this
subject as r#uch as we choose. I appeal, there-
fore, to gentlemen to allow the bill to be made a
special order.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. My objection is
grounded principally upon the shortness of the
time that the chairman of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs is disposed to allow for this discus-
sion. I understand that he proposes to allow only
two or three d^iys. Now, sir, a bill of these im-
mense proportions, involving considerations of
such a grave character, and upon which so much
can be said—a bill which has been discussed in
the Senate from the commencement of the session
up to the present time—cannot be properly dis-
cussed here in two or three days. If the gentle-
man from Ohio will say that we shall have ample
time to discuss the merits of the bill, no extraneous
matters to be introduced, I will withdraw my ob-
jection to the bill being made a special order. I
will say to the gentleman that this bill has not yet
been printed and put upon our desks; we know
nothing about its details, and I therefore insist
that we should have the fullest opportunity to ex-
amine the bill.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The bill has been
printed for two days.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. It has not been
distributed here.
Mr. WASI-IBURNE, of Illinois. I understand
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Fernando
Wood] to withdraw his objection to making this
bill a special order.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. Provided we are
allowed ample time for discussion.
Air. SCHENCK. The gentleman from New
York cxpects me to say that 1 will give reason-
able time for debate, leaving to each gentleman
the right to say what a reasonable time is. I
think it better to have the matter understood now.
But taking into consideration the shortnessof the
time left, the emergency of tlfe occasion, that this
bill must be passed, and passed immediately,
when I say two or three days for general dis-
cussion I think I state enough. After that there
will be an opportunity given for five minutes' dis-
cussion, and that is the most profitable sort of dis-
cussion in this House. If general consent be given
to make the bill a special order 1 have no more
to say. If not, I shall ask for a vote on my mo-
tion to reconsider the vote by which the bill was
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state ofiatfhe Union.
The SPEAXiER. The proposition is that the
bill shall be made the special order for Monday
next, at two o'clock; is there objection5
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. With no under-
standing as to the termination of the discussion
of the bill in committee? We must have a rea-
sonable time—time which in our estimation is
sufficient for its discussion. I am very reluctant,
indeed, to be compelled to say that we intend to
maintain our rights in this House; that the Con-
stitution and laws of the country give no prior-
ity to one side of the House over another; that
every member here has his constituents to whom
he is responsible, and who look to him to do his
duty on this and every other grave question com-
ing before the House. Rather than submit to be
compelled to close our mouths in opposition to
this infamous, unconstitutional conscription law,
we will take advantage of the rules of the House
and use them as we best can to prevent such a
result.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
New York object?
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. I do object.
Mr. SCHENCK. The Constitution makes
Congress, of which this House is one branch, a
department of the Government; and I presume
that it was the intention that, in all the courses
of legislation, a majority should control the ac-
