2420
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 23,
town, in which my friend from Kansas [Mr. Pom-
eroy] lives; I am told it is a very thriving town,
and I have no doubt of it, though I haye never
been there. It was decided that it must go by
that town. I thought it ought not to go there. I
did not say that it ought not to go there, but I
thought the company ought to be left to select the
best route. The best 1 could do was to get a pro-
viso on the bill declaring that the company might
build the trunk west on a straight line toward
California without going by the way of Atchi-
son. It was to be left to the people of Kansas;
and the Legislature of Kansas, according to my
understanding, after a terrible contest in that
State, decided that the road might be built north
of Atchison, without touching Atchison, thus
showing that the Legislature of Kansas agreed
with me on that point; but now this bill is pre-
pared on an entirely different principle. Of course
the Senator from Michigan does not intend it; I
know his honest nature; I know what he intends;
but as the measure now stands it compels the road
to go by the way of Atchison instead of adopting
what I succeeded in placing upon the biil two
years ago and what the Legislature of Kansas
indorsed me in doing. The proposition here is:
That, forpuiposes herein mentioned, the Hunmba] and
St. Joseph Railroad Company of Missouri is hereby au-
thorized to extend its road from St. Joseph via Atchison.
I simply wish to insert there the words " com-
mencing at St. Joseph, Missouri." What do you
want to commence anywhere rise for? What
is the necessity of commencing anywhere else
provided you do not build by Atchison ? If the
Senator ftom Michigan will look at the proviso,
he will see the company have the right to build
directly west by the way of Troy without going
to Atchison at all. Then why not let them com-
mence at St. Joseph ? in commencing at St. Jo-
seph they commence at the terminus of the Han-
nibal and St. Joseph railroad. But, Rir, as the
bill stands, the company may be deprived practi-
cally of the privilege in accordance with the vote
of the Kansas Legislature of commencing at St.
Joseph at all. That is all 1 desire. It cannot do
nny harm. 1 am sony to be compelled to oflei
tlie amendment. It is a mere verbal amendment,
and I hope it may be adopted.
Mr. POMEROY. The only objection to this
amendment, 1 suppose, is that it will compel the
company to build tWroads parallel to each other.
The Senator from Iowa very well expressed it 
Mr. HENDERSON. Does the Senator say
it will compel the company to build two foads?
Mr. POMEROY. That is if they go that way.
This bill is so dmsvn that it is entuely optional
with them to go one way.or the other.
Mr. HENDERSON. With the permission of
the Senator I will state that the Hannibal and St.
Joseph road has no road from St Joseph to Atchi-
son. That is a separate and independent road,
and is called the Platte country road in my State.
Mr. POMEROY. I was about to explain, if
the Senator will allow me, precisely how it is.
This section isjS£o drawn that the Hannibal and
St. Joseph toufl have it entirely at then own op-
tion to build straight out, as it u called, west from
St. Joseph or to connect with the Kansas road via
Atchison. The bill is also so drawn that if they
conclude to connect with the Kansas company via
Atchison, they may commence building there, be-
cause they run cars down that road now although
they do not own the road. Although that com-
pany do not own the road, the road is built; they
run their cars upon if, the connection is perfect
and complete; and the reason why it is not ne-
cessary to commcnce building at St. Joseph, if
they conclude to run that way, is that the road is
already built; that is, another company has built
it, and they use the road.  *
But the bill is so diawn that they are entirely
free to go the other way if they choose to do so.
I do not suppose, however, that it would b« .pub-
lic policy foi the Government of the United States
to appropnate money to build one road parallel
with another, even,though another company
owns it. That does not matter at all. Thepubhc
interest is not promoted by building two parallel
roads by the side of each other, even though dif- ,
fcrent compamesown them. As long as the Han- !
nibaland St.Josephcompanyrun cars over it and !
make connection, that is sufficient. If they con- !
•elude to go that way all that the Government can !
require is that they run their cars down there on
the road already built, and then commence from
there building west; but I repeat, they are en-
tireiy free to go the other way. They are not com-
pelled to go that way. The bill is right in that
particular as the Senator from Michigan wrote it.
Mr. HENDERSON. The misfortune about
this v^hole thing arises from the fixing of the lo-
cation of this route in the beginning. Having
once got it in this fix we are compelled to go by
Atchison, deflecting from a straight line at least
forty-five degrees. The object—1 will not say
object, for I do not charge any design about it—
the effect of the present legislation taken in con-
junction with the former bill will be to compel the
road to start from Atchison. That is what I want
to avoid. If they can make an arrangement with
the Platte country road to use it, i have no idea
that they will build another road; but my propo-
sition is that if they build it the other way they
shall commcnce at St. Joseph and ntft elsewhere.
I do not think there is any objection to it. A
straight line as 1 propose to enable this company
to build makes it necessary that this amendment
should be adopted.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The proposition of the
Senator from Missouri is so clearly right that I
cannot doubt tlujt the Senate will adopt it, if it be
understood, it is to make it sure that this road
shall commence at St. Joseph, and run thence
westward or southwestward by Atchison. The
point is that it shall start at St. Joseph; and it
is an important question. Is it the intention of
the Senate that this Pacific railroad shall make
a connection with that very important road, the
llannibal and St, Joseph road ? If the Senate in-
tend that, it ought to be stated plainly. The
Hannibal and St. Joseph road is a road that was
constructed in part by the Government of the
United States. As a member of the House of |
Representatives a number of years ago, I felt it i
to be my duty to vote in favor of a land grant to j
enable the State of Missouri to build that very
important road, and I gave a leasori in the House
so far back as that, that I voted for the grant be-
cause I thought that load would at some time be
a connecting link with the Pacific line of iail-
road. 1 now want to see that made certain in the
Senate to-day which I contemplated in that vote
in the House of Representatives fen years ago.
Can the Senate hesitate to say in plain terms that
this Pacific road shall connect with the great road
running through the State of Missouri, the Han-
nibal and St. Joseph road, which was built in
part by aid fioui the Government of the United
States with a view to this very connection?
Mr. HOWARD. 1 do not think theie is any
uncertainty or any obscurity in the language of
this fouiteentii section. The clause proposed to
be amended reads as follows:
That, lor the purpose-, heiem mentioned, the Hannibal
and St. Joseph llailioacl Company oi Missouji is iieteby
authorized to extendih load Irom St. Joseph \ la Atchison,
f.o as to connect and unite said laihoad tlirouyli Kansas.
Can there be any doubt that it is the duty of
this railroad company to commence this exten-
sion at 1. Joseph ? 11 seems to me impossible to
entertuin a doubt on that subject. It is the plain ,
direct meaning and intent of the language, as I
'understand it; and I .therefoie iegard the amend-
ment pf my friend ftom Missouri as superfluous
if the purpose of that amendment be to give it
any greater certainty than it has aheady. This
extension must, begin at St. Joseph, and it must
extend "via Atchison;" that is, tinough Atchi-
son. Can there be the slightest doubt about it?
St. JoKeph ison the left bank of the Kansas nver,
about twelve miles north of thg boundai y line be-
tween Nebraska and Kansas. Atchison is on the
n<xht bank of the nver, that is, the western bank
of the nver; and this extension, if I understand
it prupeily, must cross the river somcwheie and
go through Atchison. I may be in eiror about
this, for 1 know nothing about the topography
except what 1 learn ftom the maps and from the
conversations I have held with those who have
been the*ie; hut such I regard to be the undoubted
and unquestionable meaning of the lai.^uage and
its effect, if I am wrong, 1 should like to be
corrected.
Mr. HENDERSON. I was aware that the
Senator from Michigan intended just what I in-
tend. He says now that there is no doubt about
the construction; that he intended just what Ide-
sire to accomplish by my amendment. If that
be true, then my amendment makes it perfectly
certain to carry out what he intends. Therefore
there can be no difference between us. I desire
to use language that will make what he desires
to obtain perfectly certain. Then there can cer-
tainly be 140 objection to use the language I pro-
pose. I knew the Senator so designed.
Mr. HOWARD. The question I put to the
honorable Senator from Missouri was whether
his amendment would aot necessitate a further
outlay on the part of the Government; in other
words, whether it would not require the construc-
tion of another and additional branch?
Mr. HENDERSON. Not at all.
Mr. HOWARD. Very well. If the Senator
had answered the question which I put to him
in the first place, we should have had no differ-
ence of opinion.
Mr." HENDERSON. I misunderstood the
Senator. I answer him now that it does not ne-
cessitate the construction of any other branch.
Mr. HOWARD. That is clear on that point.
Mr. TRUMBULL. In agreeing to this bill in
the committee I was opposed to adding anything
more to it. I think we are committing the Gov-
ernment by the bill as presented here to as great
an extent as we ought to go; but I understand the
proposition of the Senator from Missouri as in-
volving the Government in the expense of build-
ing a road at §24,000 a mile from St. Joseph to
Atchison. The distance 1 do not know, but I
suppose it to be thirty or .forty miles.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Twenty miles.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The sum then would be
$480,000 additional expense in which the Gov-
emmentwill be necessarily involved if thisamend-
mcnt prevails. It is on that ground that I am op-
posed to it; as the bill now stands the Hannibal
and St. Joseph Railroad Company may make
their connection with the mam road, and they •
may make it over the line already constructed.
As the bill is proposed to be amended by the Sen-
ator fiom Missouri, it will require them to com-
mence the construction of a branch road at St. Jo-
seph. Now they have got to connect with the mam
trunk horn St. Joseph, but they may connect by
means of a road that is already built for twenty
miles,while this amendmentcompels them to jnake
a new road from St. Joseph. That is all there is in
it. I would not compel them to do that. It adds
just that much more, and, as has been said, there
being already a road to Atchison on one side of
the river, this would authorize them, if they
thought proper, to make a road on the-other side
of the river, and you would have two roads, one
running down one side of the river and the other
on the other side ftom St. Joseph to Atchy^m,
a distance of twenty miles. I do not think the
Government of the United States in entering upon
this great enterprise of constructing a road across
the continent should go into this little squabble
as to which side of the Missouri river is to have
this raihoad line. I trust the amendment will not
be adopted.
i Mr. HENDERSON. I regret very much that
■ it becomes necessary for me to say anything in
, answei to such remarks as have just been made.
! I explained once before, and the Senator from llh-
| nois seems determined not to understand, or else
| he cannot understand, that the Hannibal and St.
i Joseph Railroad Company does not own one inch
I of road between St. Joseph and Atchison,
j Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator fiom
j Missouti tell me of what interest it is to this na-
! tion whether the Hannibal and St. Joseph Rail-
road Company owns it or not?
Mr. HENDERSON. The Senator the oth<;r
day stuck so tenaciously to the legislation of the
last Congress that he would not sutler an amend-
ment to be made to this bill which would improve
that legislation; and I ask him now, in all con-
science, if he Attends to compel this road to stait
fiom Atchison instead of St. Joseph, if he is not
willing to let the law of the last Congress &tand
in tins respect, which enables the Hannibal and
St. Joseph Railioad Company to build a railroad
dnectly west fiom St. Joseph instead of going to
Atchison. That was the legislation of the last Con-
gress; but I undertake to say that if the pioviu-
lon, with the Senator's construction, remains as
it appears in the present bill, the company will
get rid of the construction of any road from St. Jo-
seph,and in fact may commence at Atchison, and
defeat the very object of the original bill. The
