1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE."
28tSt
Senator ought to know that Atchison is south-
west from St. Joseph, while a straight route to
California would go from St. Joseph a little north
of west in order to reach the initial point which he
compelled us to take the other day. St. Joseph is
in about latitude 40°. The initial pointwill bein
about 41°. Instead of allowing.us to run north
of west to-reach the initial point, he now compels
us to go down to Atchison, which is directly
southwest, and gives us no privilege whatever of
going west. That is what I object to. if the
company wants to go down by way of Atchison
1 have no objection, and I shall not move to strike
that out; but what I desire is, that the construc-
tion of the road shall be commenced at St. Joseph
in case they do riot make an arrangement to go to
Atchison such as is indicated. If they want to
•make an arrangement to go to Atchison, I have'
no objection; but suppose they determine to build
it by the other route, how thefl are we to get tfie
road west from St. Joseph according to the con-
struction given by Senators? I hope the amend-
ment will be adopted.
M r. TRUMBULL. I will tell the Senator ho w
he will get the road west from St. Joseph. If he
will look at the proviso on page 36 he will find
that it says:
Proiided, That if saiil Hannibal and Si. Joseph Railroad
Company shall deem it desirable, it may construct said ex-
tension, with the consent of the State of Kansas, oa the
most direct and practicable route west from St. Joseph,
Missouri, so as to connect and unite with the railroad here-
inafter mentioned, &e.
Is there any difficulty in the Hannibal and St.
Joseph Railroad Company constructing their road
west? They need notgo to Atchison; the bill does
not compel them to go to Atchison.
Mr. SHERMAN. " With the consent of the
Slate of Kansas."
Mr. TRUMBULL. Can you build to Atchi-
son without the consent of the State of Kansas?
Mr. HENDERSON. I believe the St ate of
Kansas has already given consent to build a
straight road.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Suppose it has not; you
are involved in the same difficulty in both cases'.
How are you going to build a railroad dow.n to
Atchison without the consent of Kansas? And I
ask the Senator from Indiana [Mr. Hendricks]
what more he wants? Everything is here that is
necessary to be here, unless you want two rival
roads on opposite sides of the Missouii river, and
to appropriate tile money of tills Government to
build one of them.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I have an amendment
here such as 1 think the Government demands,
and the interests of our State require. It is to
* commence this branchat Fort Leavenworth%,and
run it through Atchison, Troy, and Marysville.
The Hannibal and St. Joseph Company has a
road graded to Troy, which is immediately west
of St. Joseph. By running to Troy you give the
Hannibal and St. Joseph railroad a western con-
nection. T do not propose to-day to discuss this
question. I have asked the Secretary of War to
furnish the Senate with astatementof thcamount
that the Government pays yearly for transporting
Government supplies from Port Leavenworth to
Fort Kearney anu Fort Laramie. It will be found
when that comes in that it is indispensable to con-
nect Fort Leavenworth with those points; that the
expense that accrues to the Government every
year for transporting Government: supplies from
Fort Leavenworth to Fort Kearney and Fort
Laramie will almost pay the amount that the
Government agrees to pay on these hundred miles.
The military road now to Fort Kearney, the ini-
tial point of the branch I propose, runs from Fort
Leavenworth within four njilesof Atchison, close
to Troy, and through Marysville. By adopting
this amendment we accommodate Atchison, we
accommodate the Hannibal and St. Joseph rail-
road, and we accommodate the Government in
transporting supplies from Fort Leavenworth.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
.is on the amendment of the Senator from Missoui l
to the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I will now present
my amendment. In section fourteen between the
words " via"and " Atchison,"in the fourth line,
I move to insert " Fort Leavenworth," ami af'tei
*tho word "Atchison," m the same line, to insert
" Troy, and Marysville, (with the consent of the
Lcfislatuie of Kansas from Fort Leavenworth to
Atchison,) and by any company now chartered
by said State for the remainder of the route."
Mr. POMEROY. This amendment cannot be
offered in any sincerity. We cannot extend a
road from St. Joseph down to Fort Leavenworth,
which is forty miles directly south of St. Joseph,
and then bring itbackagain up to Troy, which is
twenty miles west from St. Joseph. There is
some mistake about the points of the compass.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. There is#a road al-
ready from St. Joseph to Fort Leavenworth, or
within three miles of it, the Platte country railroad.
I propose to commence this branch at Fort Leav-
enworth, the depot for Government stores for
the whole western country. It has no connec-
tion with this great work across the continent;
I propose to give it a connection, to run it as the
military road now runs, through Atchison to
Troy, which gives to the Hannibal and St. Jo-
seph road a western connection, Troy being di-
rectly west of St. Joseph, and the road being
graded from St. Joseph to Troy and four or five
miles of irbn laid upon it, running through Ma-
rysville as the military road now runs, thereby
connecting Fort Leavenworth with Fort Kear-
ney. I shall be able to show to-morrow, when
I get an answer to the resolution I introduced
to-day, that we pay out for transportation from
Fort Leavenworth to Fort Kearney yearly more
than the Government agrees to pay on these one
hundred miles of road.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to say a few words
to the friends of this bill, and I do so in all kind-
ness. The Senate have been occupied some three
or four days in discussing the details of the bill,
and they have scarcely made any change worth
noticing. To-morrow the revenue bill comes up,
which, in all human piobability, wilt crowd this
out of the way if it be not ver^ soon disposed of. I
assure Senators who are interested m the passage
of this bill much more than I am, thatany further
delay in the consideration of the bill is likely to
endanger its passage at the present session of Con-
gress.
I shall vote for the bill with extreme reluctance.
I made up my mind in committee to vote for it,
but 1 do so with great reluctance, and chiefly be-
cause of the numerous hi .inches attached to it both
in the old bill and in the new one. There is no
reason in the world why the Government of the
United States should build a single one ot these
branch roads. Theconstruction of a Pacificrail-
road to connect the AUanUcwtth the Pacific is an
object of great national importance; butthePuw-
nee and Leavenworth branch, and the Omaha
branch, and the branch now being discussed we
all know practically are of no national use to the
Government. The State of Kansas ought to build
her road with the ordinary land grant, and all
these branches ought to be built with the ordinary
land grants.
The bill cannot be justified on principle except
as to the main trunk from the one hundredth de-
gree of longitude'to the eastern boundary of Cal-
ifornia. The branch roads ill the State of Cali-
fornia and in other States ought to be built by the
ordinary grants of land. Two years ago, how-
ever, we passed a Pacific railroad bill providing
for various branches, and I felt bound by the ac-
tion of Congress to support the appropriation for
those branches, changing the mode of assistance
rendered by the national Government; but I as-
sure Senators that if they put any more branches
in this bill, if they load it down any more, 1 cer-
tainly will not in this time of war vole for it.
The most we ought to do now, it seems to me, is
to provide for one great national line.
I speak now entirely disinterestedly in regard
to these branches. I do not care whethet the
main road starts from Leavenworth, or from Kan-
sas City, or from St. Joseph, or from A tchison, or
from Omaha; it makes no difference to roe. One
road ought to be constructed. These branches
have been put on for the purpose of reconciling
i local interests. 1 shall vote for this bill retaining
II the branches provided for in the old law, but 1
'l will put on no additional branch.
;| I know enough of the geography of the coun-
'' try to know that the proposition of the honorable
- Senator from Knus.is is absurd. In my judg-
| mentarnihoad running from St. Joseph down the
■ > PlaHe country to Leavenworth, and then crook-
i' m°-up along the Missouri river by way of Atchi-
■ son, and then going West, would beabsuid. Be-
sides, that branch under the provisions proposed,
would be one hundred miles long. What inter-
est has the Government of the United Stales to
build a road to Atchison, or to St. Joseph, or to any
other point? They may be very important poind
to gentlemen livingnear them, but they are utterly"
insignificant in thegeography of the United States.
Mr. LANE, ofKanaas. Is Fort Leavenworth
insignificant? -
Mr.SHERMAN. Although it-isa depot of mil-
itary supplies, which can be removed probably
for $100,000, and although it is a rapidly growing
town of ten or fifteen thousand inhabitants, it is in
thegeography of this country a mere mote, riot to
be considered. The fort may be removed-, the fort
may be burned down; we are losing every day
byour military operations more than all that Fort
Leavenworth is worth. I have been there and
know all about it; it is a beautiful place; but when
you look at the value of Fort Leavenworth, in a
national point of view, itis of utterinsigmficance.
} say, therefore, that if the friends of this bill
desire to pass it I recommend them just to t'ake the
bill as it has been considered ana elaborated in
the committee, with as few amendments as pos-
sible, and let us have a vote on it so that it will'
be out of the way of other bills that will probably
crowd it out unless it be very speedily disposed of.
Mr. HOWARD. If there was one subject
upon which more than upon another the com-
mittee to whom this bill was referred were unani-
mous in accord, it was that we would not recom-
mend any further branches to be attached to this
road; that we would not extend one single' inch
to new branches the privileges which we have
extended to the main trunk and to the branches
connected with it by the act of 1862; and for this
plain reason, that wemust put on the brake some-
where, and we may as well do it now as at any
time. If we yield to the importunities of persons
interested in these various branches from time to
time we shall yield once and again until we have
saddled the Government with a most enormous
debt, if there be any scheme which has merits
in and of itself, I do beg Senators to present it
separately and distinctly for the consideration of
this body, and not embarrass the passage of this
bill by attempting to put it in by way of amend-
ment. Let us act upon this bill if we can, and
pass it. But I give the Senator from Kansas and
others who may concur ill his views notice that
whenever there shall be another branch road cre-
ated and attached to this bill, I shall vote against
the whole bill and against the whole scheme
henceforth and forever, for I see the difficulties
which are perpetually growing out of the in-
crease of the blanches. We must-stop,.and we
must stop here and now; otherwise we shall lose
the whole scheme;the enterprise will be swamped
by making it so enormous and elephantine in iia^
proportions that it will be utterly unwieldy noC
only for the individuals and companies ooncerned,
but for the Government itself.
Mv. WADE. Do you retain all the original
branches?
Mr. HOWARD. We have retained all the
original branches asa matter of justice, and Kan-
sas wants another now. I trust this will not be
pressed upon the consideration of the Senate. I
cannot vote for it if another branch is attached to
it, and will not.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Mr. President, my
proposition is misunderstood entirely ■
Mr. HOWARD. It is the last feather that
breaks the camel's back. _
Mr LANE, of Kansas. I desire to say that
the proposition which I have brought before the
Senate has shaken my State from base to summit.
It was this very proposition that brought or; tiiat
premature senatorial election last winter. T here-
fore I feel it a duty I owe to my State to bring it
forward. I do not propose to add one cent to this
bill. This branch is limited to one hundred miles.
Alfl propose is to start it at Fort Leavenworth,
instead of A tchison; FortLeavenworth is eighteen
miles from Atchison; I propose to run it from
Fort Leavenworth to Atchison, from Atchison to
Troy, which gives to the Hannibal and St. Joseph
railroad a western outlet, and from there to Marys-
ville, following the military road.
The Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] shot! d
not have denounced this scheme asahsuid. I uo
1 not propose to make a road down the'river on the
other side from St. Joseph. There isa road already
