1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The l;tws of the different States throughout the
United States are vanous upon that subject;
some of them go to the whole extent of the amend-
ment, and some of them reject it. The object of
the amendment is to make the matter unifoim as
to United States courts.
Mr. MALLORY. I will offer an amendment
to the Senate amendment so as to make it uni-
form, as the gentleman claims that to he the object
of the amendment. The gentleman says some
States allow it, and some do not. If it was al-
lowed in all the courts of the United States as is
proposed by the provisions of this bill, he will
see that the uniformity will be abolished and de-
stioyed. I move to amend the Senate amend-
ment by addingthereto the following:
That such testimony s-liull only lie taken in the courts of
the State* m tho e States wliero &ueh testimony is
allowed by the laws of the State.
That will make the matter uniform as the gen-
tleman proposes.
Mr. ST&VENS. That would make ituniform
if the laws of all the States were alike; but if they
are different i do not see where the uniformity is.
Mr. MALLORY. That makes it regularly
irregular. -
Mr. STEVENS. But tne law will not be uni-
form if the State laws are different. I do not wish
to spend any time on this matter. Gentlemen
can havv a vote on it in the House, and call the
yeas and nays upon it. I will simply say that
this system of allowing parties to a suit to testify
has been tried in England and in many of the
States of the Union, and every witness's testi-
mony is allowed such weight as it is entitled to.
That is the substance of the proposition before
the House.
Mr. MALLORY. Will the gentleman accept
my amendment to the Senate amendment?
'Mr. STEVENS. I will give the gentleman an
opportunity to offer it in the House.
Mr. KALBFLEISCH. The gentleman does
not speak for me.
Mr. STEVENS. I speak for myself, for no-
body but the chairman of the committee has the
floor when the bill comes before the House. I
will say to the gentleman from Kentucky that I
will give him an opportunity to off-r his amend-
ment before I call the previous question.
Mr. KALBFLEISCH. The amendment can as
well be voted on in the IIousc ufier being admitted
here.
Mr. STEVENS. Undoubtedly.
Mr. KALBFLEISCH. Then why not admit
it here ?
Mr. HOLM AN. It is agreed that the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Kentucky shall be
ofreied now and rcpoited to the IIouso.
The CHA! IIM AN Does the gentleman from
Kentucky offer ins amendment at tins time?
Mi. MALLORY. Yes, sir.
Mr. STEVENS. I agree that the amendment
may be oiToird m the House.
Mr. MALLORY. 1 withdraw the amendment
at this time, and will offer it in the House.
.The Senate amendment was concurred jn.
Thirty-ninth amendment:
Add the following as an Additional section :
Jhul be it further cvacteil, That sections and nine
of the act < nulled -'An act to ptolubit the linpoi fnuon of
frl.ivff into a,]\ poit or place wtiinu the ]iui^dietion  f tl.e
United ritat.'.-: irom and uit''i the 1-t day ot Januaiy. A. I).
It'Ot:, ' will' h f-a.d >•< otiosu Iinilei takt: to n-suUU Ihi nm-t
wi-t: t) ive Hade, .no hereby icpcaled, and the co;i-t\vi--e
slave tiade pioiuhited loiovei.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended eoncunence.
Mi-. BROOKS. 1 would suggest to ihe mem-
bers troin iN'ew England the danger of interfering
with the coastwise trade. 1 would suggest to gen-
tlemen living 011 Lake El te and Lake Ootaiio ilial
when the public In gins In dnect lis attention to
this coastwise trade a great many things may be
thought of. The coastwise trade is now exclu-
sively in the hands of American ship-owners.
No British vessel can go from Nova Scotia to
Eastrsort and fiom Eas'tport to Portland, Maine;
110 Biitisli or Fiench vessel call go, under our
coasimg-tiade laws, from New York to Boston.
The cous'wtse tiade is now a monopoly in the
hands of New England men. The greatest pro-
tection that can possibly he given to any luteiest
is now given to the commercial and coastwise
trade of the country under our existing laws; and
that pioteetion to the coastwise trade on Lake
Erie, Lake Ontario, and on the river St. Law-
lence is exceedingly expensive to this Govern-
ment because it enhances freights. The trade on
Lake Erie, Lake Ontario, and the St. Lawrence
could be done by British and Canadian vessels
a good deal cheaper than it is now doife. The
British, the Danish, and the French vessels, with
their illy-paid sailors, could do the whole coast-
wise trade of the country twenty-five per cent,
cheaper that it is done at present, and fifty per
cent, cheaper than under the coming tariff and
revenue bills.
1 therefore suggest to gentlemen from the lakes
and from New England that the less the people
think of the coastwise trade of'tlie country, the
less that subject is debated, the less attention that
is given to it in the llalls of Congress, the better
it will be for the commerce of the country. The
whole coastwise trade of the country, from the
Atlantic coast to California, is now exclusively 111
American hand.', and the expenses of transpor-
tation are tbeiefoio twenty-five per cent, greatei
than if the trade were free, and will be fifty per
! cent, greater under the new system of taxation. I
do not know from what quarter that amendment
! came in the Senate; but the man who drafted it
j an*had it ingrafted on this appropriation bill is
1 an enemy to our trade and commerce and an en-
1 emy to New England. .He is threatening the com-
merce of the country; ho is endangering the mo-
nopoly which is now in American hands, solely
for a wild, fanatical, troubadour, rhetoiical the-
ory about the negro. No coastwise trade of any
kind existsnow between New York and Charles-
ton, or between Charleston and New Orleans or
anywhere else. But once you open the coast-
, wise trade of the counuy, and not only theAt-
i Untie coast, but all the lake coast and tile Ohio
| and Mississippi may be lined with the cheap
' steamers of the British provinces. Sir, if we are
commercially wise, if we are thinking men, we
shall not allow these wild, romantic, humanitarian
ideas of the negro to set the people of the country
to thinking upon the subject of the coastwise
trade, now the- fast friend of the ship-building in-
] terest of New England.
I Mr. DAVIS, of New York. I believe, Mr.
; Chairman, the honoiable gentleman from New
! York has mistaken 'he n.tlut e of that amendment.
I f 1 understand 11, it does not propose at all to in-
I teifere with the coaNtwise trade, 1 xeept so tar as
I to prohibit the tia importation of slaves 111 that
| trade. It interferes with nothing else whatever.
! Mr. BROOKS. It refers to the coastwise trade.
: Mr. DAVIS, of New York. The coastwise
j slave tiade; nothing else. The entire commerce
! of the country, so lar as relates to the coasting
| business, except for the slave trade business, re-
mains untouched ill any way by the provisions of
tins bill, and 1 trust the honoiable gentleman from
New York is disposed to put a check upon the
transoortation of sla'.esanywhere within or with-
out the Republic. The argument of the honor-
able gentleman, therefore, in my judgment, falls
to the ground. 1 do not know a man, even a
border State man, upon tins floor who is not op-
posed to the extension of the sieve trade of the
country.
1 Mr. MALLORY. I cannot really understand
j what the gentleman from New York [Mi\Da\is]
means when bespeaks ol a coastwise slave trade.
; I understand the President's proclamation, as
' claimed by the other side of the House, has abol-
ished slavuyin ivery one of the rebil States.
Slavery has*been wiped out 111 Missouri by the
! gradual emancipation process which is going on.
Gentlemen on the other side claim that slavery
has been abolished 111 Maryland by the conven-
! Hon now in session in that State. Kentucky is,
theiefoie, according to t tit- theory of gentlemen
1 0,0011 the other side, the only Slate remaining
whole the institution of slavery lias not been re-
] moved.
Now, I simply ask, if slavery exists nowhere
in the country except in the State of Kentuck)',
what is there for this bill to act upon 5 How can
there be any trade from Kentucky when ah the
rest of the country is free, or how can tht re be
trade to Kentucky if the thorny of gentlemen on
the othei rfiile be correct- No, gentlemen, you
nni^t eithei give up your legal opinions 111 legaril
to the status of slavery, or you must confess that
your slave-trade coastwise bill with nothingfor
it to apply to is dimply an absurdity.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. I desire to ask
the honorable gentleman from Kentucky whether
he is in favor of the slave trade.
Mr. MALLORY. No, sir, I am not; but let
me say to the gentleman from New York that
those who concur with him do not stand in the
same position in which they did in years gone
by. There Was a time when the abolition lead-
ers of the country would not consent to the pro-
hibition of the African slave trade under the Con-
stitution of the United Stales until 1808. If they
could make any thing by it, if they could see profit
in it, if they could fill up their coffers and build
up colossal fortunes by it you would not see this
proposition advocated by members on that side
of the House.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate was received, by Mr.
Forney, their Secretary, informing the House
that the Senate have agreed to the report ot the
committee of conference on the bill of the Senate
(No. 54) to incorporate the Metropolitan Railroad
Company in the District of Columbia.
Also, that the Senate have disagreed to the
amendments of the House to the bill of the Sen-
ate (No. 154) to provide for the better organiza-
tion of the quartermaster's department, ask a
conference with the House on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses theieon, and have ap-
pointed Mr. Wilson, Mr. Trumbull, and Mr.
Powell the said committee 011 their part.
Also, that the Senate have passed, without
amendment, a joint resolution and bills of the fol-
lowing titles:
A11 act ([I. R. No. 435) concerning the loca-
tion of lands within the Slate of Missouri;
Joint resolution (H. R.No. 103) for the relief
of Mary Kellogg;
A11 act (II. R. No. 414) for the relief of the
estate of B. F. Kendall; and
An act (H. R. No. 205) authorizing the issue
of patents for locations made with certificates
granted under the authority oftheactofCongress
approved March 17, 1862, allowing floats in satis-
faction of lands sold by the United States within
the limits ofLasOrmegasand La Nana grants, in
; Louisiana.
I Also, that the Senate have passed bills of the
i following titles with amendments, in which he
! was directed to ask the concurrence of the House:
; An act (II. R. No. 102) for the lelief of Na-
i thaniel McLean, Richard Of.Murphy ,and Charles
1 E. Flandreuu; and
! An act (l-I. R. No. 51) to establish a Bureau
! of Freedmen's Affairs.
| Also, that the Senate have passed bills of the
I following titles, in which he was directed to ask
j the concurrence of the House:
I An act (No. 228) pi oviding for satisfy tngclaims
for bounty lands, and for other purposes; and
An act (No. 336) to amend the act incorpo-
rating the Washington Gas-Light Company, and
for other purposes.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL AGAIN.
Mr. WADSWORTH. My colleague has an-
swered his question. They want to abolish it
j because it has ceased to be profitable to them.
I Mr. DAVIS, of New York. I desire to say
^ that the answer which the gentleman has attempted
j to make fails to reach its object. Those who are
! opposed to the extension anil perpetuation of sla-
! very are not opposed to it for the reason that they
1 can no longer make a profit out of it. I do not
know what motives may have influenced men in
times past. I speak of my own convictions.
Mr. MALLORY. I made no imputations upon
the gentleman.
Mr. D AVIS, ofNew York. I did notsuppose
I the gentleman did. I speak of my own convic-
! Hons. 1 have been opposed to slavery fiom the be-
: ginning. My opposition arose not so much from
! as effect upon the slave population as from its
I effect upon the white race. There, 1 think, is the
' greatest, deepest, most damning crime of slavery.
\ We in this country have suffered because slavery
i iias created sentiments and feelings 111 a portion
of the country which, as we nowsee,have tended
to the overthrow of the American Government,
; the only home of freedom on the face of the globe;
; and theicfm-e I am opposed to slavery. 1 am
1 opposed to it upon the ground tbatit has attempted
j to subvert and destroy this, the best of Govern-
, ments. 1 do not believe any gentleman from Ken-
