1864,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
39a
tion of the House. We are liere, however, in a
position to offer to one third of the House a fair
consideration of this subject. That we offered
when I moved last Monday to suspend the rules
in order to have the bill made aspecial order in the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
There was opposition to that from one third of the
House, which opposition, I think, is now plainly
developed to mean nothing more nor less than a
disposition not to let an enrollment bill be passed
at all, and to prevent its consideration as a means
of its passage, if that can be also done. If there
cannot be general consent to making the bill a
special order, 1 call up the motion to reconsider the
vote by which it was referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union; and on that
I move the previous question.
Mr. PENDLETON. I move to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table.
Mr. KERNAN. i ask consent to put a ques-
tion on this subject to the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
There was no objection.
Mr. KERNAN. I simply desire to inquire
whether in the event of the bill being taken from
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and brought back to the House, the gen-
tleman will there give such a fair opportunity as
he can afford to have the merits of the bill dis-
cussed to a reasonable extent and amendments
offered.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, 1 feel disin-
clined to make any condition in the House. The
bill will then be in the control of the House, and
the majority of the House can determine, from time
to time, how it will dispose of the bill, and how
soon it will dispose of it. I am willing to enter
into a fair arrangement, considering the shortness
of the time, in Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union; but I am not willing to enter
into any arrangement as to what the House may
do.
Mr. PENDLETON called fortheyeasand&ays
on the motion to lay on the table the motion to re-
consider.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 47, nays 94; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Ancona, Bliss, Chanter,
Coffroth, Dawson, Dennison, Eden, Edgcrlon, Eldndge,
Hall, Harding, Benjamin G. fl.inis, Heniek, William
Johnson, Kalbflehch, King, Knapp, Law, Liizear, Le
Blond. Lone;, Malloiy, Maicy, McDowell, McKmney, Wil-
liam 11. Miller,* Moiri«on, Nelson, Noble, Joint O'Neill,
IVndleton, Perry, Pruyn, Radford. Robinson,Rogers, James
S. llolhn^, Ross, William G. Steele, Stiles, Strou^e, Voor-
hces, Ciiiiton A. White, Joseph W. White, Winlield, and
Fernando Wood—47.
NAYS—Messrs. Alli-on, Ame-s, Arnold, Ashley, Baiiv,
John D. Baldwin, I'axtci, Geaman,Francis P.Bl.ur,Jacob
JJ. Blair,Blow, Boutwell. Boyd, Biandegee, BroomaH, Wil-
liam G. Biovvn, Atnbro?e W. Cl.uk, Ft reman Clarke, Clay,
Cobb,Cole, Ilenry Winter Davis, Thomas T. Davis, Dawes,
Dealing, Dixon, L)it™s.Eckley, Eliot, Fain-woith, Fenton,
Fiank,Ganson, (Jarfield, Gooeh,Giinneil.Gii>woId, Higby,
Ilolnian, Hooper, llotclikis^, Amabel W. ilubbaid, John II.
Hubbatd, Hulburd, Julian, Kasson, Keilcy, Francis W.
Kellogg, Kernan. Loan, Longyear, Maivin. McAllister,
McOliug, Mclndoe, Middleton, Samuel F. Miilei. Moot-
herul, Mori ill, Daniel Moirw, Amo^i Myers,Noiton, Chailes
0'NeiIl, Orth, Perham, Pomeioy, Price, William EL Ran-
dall, Alexander II. Rice, John II. ltiee, Edward 11. Rollins,
Schenck, Scofield, Shannon, Sloan, Smith, Smithcis,
Spalding, John B. Steele, Steven*:, Thnyei, Thomas,
Tracy, Upson, Van Valkenbmgh, Elihn R Washbuine,
William B. Washburn, Webster, Wlialcy, Williams,
Wilder, Wilson, Windom, and Ycnman—94.
So the motion to reconsider was not laid on the
table.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. WINDOM stated that his colleague, Mr.
Donnelj.y, had been called from the city yester-
day by the death of his child.
Mr. RANDALL, of Kentucky, stated that his
colleague, Mr. Anderson, was confined to his
room by sickness.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. CHANLER demanded the yeas and nays
on the motion to reconsider.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 100, nays 44; as follows:
YTJAS—Messiss. Alli>on, Aim's, Arnold, Ashley, Baily,
Augustus C. Baldwin, John 1). Baldwin, Ba\t''i, Bearnan,
Fiancis P. Blair, Jacob B. Blair, Blow, Boutwell, Boyd,
Biandegee, Broomall, William G. Blown, Ambrose W.
(Mailt, Freeman Clarke, (.May, Cobb, Cole. Ilenrv Winter
Davis. Thomas T. Davis. Dawes, Denfmg. Devon. Oneu^.
Eckley, Eliot, Farnsworth, Fenton, Frank, Ganson, Gar-
field, Gooch, Grinnell, Griswold, Hale, Herrick, Higby,
dolman, Hooper, Ilotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard, John H.
Hubbard, Hulburd, Julian, Kasson, KcJIey, Fiancis W.
Kellogg, Kernan, Loan, Longyear, Marvin, McAllister,
McBi ide,McClurg,Mclndoe, MiddJetnn, Samuel F. Miller,
Moorhead, Morrill, Daniel Morris, Amos Myers, Norton,
Odell, Charles O'Neill, Orth, Perham, Pomeroy, Price,
William H. Randall, Alexander H. Rice, John H. Rice,
Edward H.Rollins, Sehenck, Scofield, Shannon, Sloan,
Smith, Snnthers, Spalding, John B. Steele, Stevens,
Thayer, Thomas, Tracy, Upson, Van Valkenburgh, Elihu
B. Washburne, William B. Washburn. Webster, Whaley,
Wheeler, Williams, Wildei, Wilson, Windom. and Yea-
man—100.
NAYS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Ancona, Bliss, Brooks,
Chanler, Coffroth, Dawson, Dennison, Eden, Edgerton,
Eldndge, Harding, Harrington, Benjamin G. Hairis, Wil-
liam Johnson, Kalbfleisch, Knapp, Law, Lazear, Ij« Blond,
Long, Mallory, Maicy, McDowell, McKinney, William II.
Miller, James R. Morris, Morrison, Nelson, Noble, John
(VNeill, Pendleton. Perry, Robinson, Rogers, James S.
Rollins, Ross, William G. Steele, Stiles, Stiou«e, Voor-
hees, Joseph VV. White, Winfield, and Fernando Wood
—44.
So the vote referring the bill to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union was re-
consideied, and the question recurred on the mo-
tion to commit the bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to postpone the con-
sideration of the bill until Monday next, at two
0 'clock.
Mr. PENDLETON. I hope no objection will
be made to that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
SHELBY REBEL RAID.
Mr. KING. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War he requested to lay
befoie the Ilou^e the othcial report of Brigadier General E.
B. Brown, of the department of the Missouri, of his mili-
tary operations in October last against what was known as
the Shelby i ebel raid into Missouri.
Mr. BOYD. I object.
MESSAGE FtfOM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate was received, by
Mr. Forney, their Secretary, notifying the House
that the Senate had passed bills of the following
titles, in which he was directed to ask the con-
currence of the House:
A bill (S. No. 12) extending the time within
which the States and Territories may accept the
grant of lands made by the act entitled "An act
donating public lands to the seveial States and
Territories which may provide colleges for the
benefitof agriculture and the mechanic arts,"ap-
proved July 2, 1862;
A bill (S. No. 60) amendatory of the home-
stead law, and for other purposes; and
A bill (S. No. 65) to provide for tha-payment
of the claims of Peruvian citizens under the con-
vention between the United States and Peru of
the 12th of January, 1863.
CONFISCATED PROPERTY.
The House again resumed the consideration of
the joint resolution (H. R. No. 18) to amend a
joint resolution explanatory of an act to suppress
insurrection, to punish tieason and rebellion, to
seize and confiscate the property of rebels, and
for other purposes, approved July 17, 1862.
Mr. WILSON. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House that to-morrow and the next day,
Fnday and Saturday, be set apart for the discus-
sion of this joint resolution, with the understand-
ing that no business be transacted, so that the dis-
cussion may be finished and the resolution putout
of the way, giving the committees of the House an
opportunity to leport other business.
Mr. ELDRIDGrE. I object.
Mr. RANDALL. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to introduce a resolution which
1 know will meet the approbation of the other
side of the House.
Mr. WILSON. I object, and ask that the dis-
cussion of this joint resolution may proceed.
Mr. FINCK. Mr. Speaker, the debate on the
resolution under consideiation has led to the ex-
amination and discussion of questions of grave
interest to the country, and demand from this
House, as I have no doubt they will receive from
the people, a most careful and prudent consider-
ation.
We live, Mr. Speaker, in an eventful period
of the history of this nation. Everything seems
to be unsettled and thrown upon a sea of uncer-
tainty. Plain provisions of the Constitution,which
have heretofore been regarded as settled beyo.nd
controversy, are now called in question,and new,
and unheard-of constructions placed upon them.
The provision contained'in the third section of
article three of the Constitution, which provides*'
that'' the Congress shall have power to declate-
the punishment of treason, but no attainder d£
treason shall "work corruption of blood, or for-
feiture except during the life of the person at-
tainted,Mis now gravely argued in this House by"
astute lawyers and distinguished statesmen to
mean that Congress may, m declaring the pun-
ishment of treason, provide for the forfeiture of
the estate not for life only but in fee. Sir, before
the year 1862 there did not exist in this country
any difference of opinion upon this clause of the
Constitution. ' No one dreamed that the Consti-
tution had vested in Congress any power of de-
claring a forfeiture beyond the life of the person
convicted of treason; but that by express pro-
vision the forfeiture was to be limited io the life
of the traitor. That such was the construction
of the framers of the Constitution is evidenced by
the writings of James Madison, justly entitled to
he called the father of the Constitution, and bv
the legislation of the First Congress, of which
many of the framers of the Constitution were
members. The opinions of Justice Story, already
citcd in this debate, show how clear that distin-
guished jurist was on this question.
Sir, I was about to say that I was astonished
that there should exist in this House any differ-
ence'of opinion upon a clause the Constitution
which has for more than seventy years been re-
garded beyond controversy; but the sad occur-
rences which have unfortunately taken place in
this country within the last three years admonish
me that I should not be astonished at anything.
It seems to me, Mr. Speaker, that the honorable
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] has
exhibited more boldness and frankness in this
discussion than any gentleman on that side of the
House. Pie does not seek by any subterfuge to
avoid the force of this provision of the Constitu-
tion, so plain in itself, but marches boldly out,
the leader of his side of the House, and takes the
distinct ground that the Union is already dis-
solved, and that this question is one outside of
the Constitution. He says that—
"The United States are at war with an acknowledged-
belligerent, with a foreign nation, and as such war 1ms
abrogated all former compacts existing between them, nei-
ther the United States, nor the confederate States can, as
against the other, claim the aid of the Constitution or the
laws passed under it."
That the States in rebellion are no longer a
portion of the United States, but are outside of
the Union, and are to be conquered and held as
subjugated territories; and argues that this Gov-
ernment, on becoming the conqueror, is, by the
law of nations, clothed with the right, and should
exercise it,toconfiscateandappropriatetheprop-
erty of the people of the States thus to be con-
quered. Well, we have here a distinct recognition
of the confederate States, and a concession of
what Jeff. Davis and the leaders of the rebellion
claim. They insist that they are " outside of the
Union," and that the " former compact existing
between them" and the United States has been
abrogated, and the honorable gentleman from
Pennsylvania admits it.
The questions discussed by thegentlemanfrom
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] are of so important
a character, and embrace a range of examination
somewhat more extensive than anything which
has been advanced in this discussion, that I shall
feel it my duty to examine the several questions
which he has alluded to in his argument. To
sustain his position, that the States in rebellion
are out of the Union and constitute a foreign na-
tion, the honorable gentleman quotes from Vat-
tul, Phillimore, and Kent, to show that a war be-
tween two nations annuls and abrogates the treaties
which had existed between the belligerents. Sir,
I respectfully submit that the authorities cited are
not in point. These States were not held by the
force of treaties, but by a Constitution adopted
and assented to by each of them, and by their
peopje through their conventions. I fully admit
that when a civil war breaks out between the dif-
ferent members of the same society the contend-
ing parties are each entitled to all the rights and
usages of war as against each other. This is a
rule of necessity, and is established by the plain-
est dictates of humanity and Christian eiviliza-
