THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 6,
it as an independent article, and for the yery rea-
son that I do not wish to have around, its neck
.the millstone that I think the amendment of the
•Judiciary Committee would prove to' be to it.
s While 1 mast decline all political trading, I hope
th<u no Senator who believes the amendment I
propose is wise and proper will vote against it be-
cause! decline to enter into a political traffic.
. Mr. ANTHONY. I risetoaskaparliamentary
question. I understand that the proposition of
the.Senator from Kentucky is offered by way of
amendment to the amendment reported by the
committee. Therefore, if his motion prevails, the
question will then be upon the amendment as
amended. Is itnot so, sir?
..Mr. POWELL. It is presented as a separate
And .distinct article, numbered differently.
* Mt. ANTHONY. But it is an amendmentto
the amendment of the committee.
Mr. POWELL. It is an amendment to the
proposition, but not an amendment of the article
proposed by Ihe committee.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Senator from Ken-
tucky cannot vote for his own amendment ulti-
mately, as I understand, unless he votes for the
proposition that comes from the Committee on
the Judiciary, because his amendment, if adopted,
is ingrafted on that. The Senator from Ken-
tucky has several other amendments to propose,
as I understand, and if we adopt them tile result
may be that we shall have several constitutional
amendments combined, each of which would com-
mand separately the vote of two thirds of the
Senate, but the whole would be rejected.
Mr. POWELL. As I understand it, each ar-
ticle will be voted upon separately, as if it were a
separate and distinct bill. The Senate certainly
have the power to do that. I offer this as a sep-
arate and distinct proposition.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
offers it as an amendment to the pending amend-
ment. On the question of order the Chair lias no
doubt.
Mr. COLLAMER. Hut is it germane to the
pending amendment? Is itnot independent mat-
ter?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thatdoes not
raise a question of order for the Chair to rule it
out on the ground of a want of congruity. That
only furnishes a reason to the Senate to vote
against itfor want of congruity, hut does not raise
a question of order for the Chair.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Ken-
tucky says he offers it as an independent propo-
isitioii. if ho, I submit that it should go through
Ihe regular foun, and leccive its various distinct
readings.
Mr. POWELL. I oiler it as an independent
article.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is offered as
an amendment, by way of additional article, to a
pending amendment. There is but one mode of
treating it. 'I'heie is no difficulty about the ques-
tion. There is one plain mode of treating it: it
js an amendment to an amendment, mid must be
bo treated; if adopted, the question will then re-
cur on agreeing to the amendment hh amended.
Mr. HOWE. I understood the Senator from
Kentucky to offer it as an amendment to the
pending proposition, and I supposed he knew,
Mtd I suppose still he knows what he meant by
it. As I saw him apparently desirous of amend-
ing this proposition, I wanted to know what lie
was disposed to do with it after he should have
got it amended; whether he was disposed then to
vote for the pioposition as amended. It was
therefor that [ put the in-qtury. I am answered
Satisfactorily; I understand that he will not vote
for the proposition. 1 cannot see the foree of the
reason which he assigns, which is that he is not
a political trader. Really, I did not assume that
the Senator was of that character when I put the
question to him; I simply wanted to know whether
when he got the pending proposition amended to
suit him, he would then vote for the pioposition
as amended, vote to submit these two constitu-
tional amendments to the people of the United
States. The Senator seems to think that is open-
ing up a bargain. It may he so 
Mr. SAULSBURY. Will the honorable Sen-
ator from Wisconsin allow mc to make a sug-
gestion ?
Mr. HOWE. Certainly.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I think thesis questions
are divisible; and for one, while I will not vote
to amend the Constitution according to the first
amendment proposed, I will vote for the amend-
ment proposed by my honorable friend from Ken-
tucky, if I can vote upon it as a distinct propo-
sition. I presume that when the vote is taken, it
will be in order to call for a division of the ques-
tion, and we may vote for the first proposition or
against it, and then for oragainst the second. If
that be true, I shall vote in favor of the last prop-
osition and against the first.
Mr. HOWE. We can have that vote on this
as an independent proposition to-morrow or the
next day, whenever it shall be brought forward
by itself.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is compe-
tent for the Senator from Kentucky, or any other
Senator, to move it as an additional amendment;
the proposition is separate and independent from
the one contained in the pending amendment re-
ported by the Judiciary Committee; butinasmuch
as it is offered as an amendment to an amendment,
it will, if adopted, combine both propositions in
the question upon agreeing to the amendment as
amended. It would come in more appropriately
if offered asa separateamendmentaftertheSenate
should have acted on the pending one reported by
the committee.
Mr. HOWE. I am very anxious that the
amendment which we have been considering shall
be submitted to the people. If I can get any ad-
ditional votes for submitting it to the people by
voting to submit another proposition to them I
will do it; but if I cannot, as I understand I can-
not, of course I will not vote to submit to the
people a proposition to amend the Constitution
in a particular in which I do not wish to have it
amended.
Mr. WADE. I wish to inquire whether this
amendment will require a two-thirds vote or a
majority vote for its adoption?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Asanamend-
ment to an amendment, in the judgment of the
Chair, a majority will carry it.
Mr. POWELL called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Buckalf.w] desired me to say that
lie was so sick as to be compelled to leave the
Senate.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 12, nays 39; as follows:
YKAH—Messrs. flrown, Davis, Foster, Grimes, Hen-
dricks, NoMnlth, romeroy, t'owell, Itiddle, Saulsbury,
Wade, awl VVilkin«on—13.
NAYH—Messr*. Anthonv, Chandler, Clark, Collamer,
Comicss, Cowan, Dixou, Doolntle, IV^eutfon, Foot, Hale,
Harding', Harlan, Harris, Henderson, Howard. Howe, John-
son, Lane of Indiana, Lane ot Kansas MeDougiili, Mor-
gan, MoihII, Kam^ey, Sherman, Spias-ue, Simmer, Ton
Kyelc, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Willey, and Wilson—-32.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
Jr The' PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
have the 44th rule of the Senate read in reference
to the vote required in order to carry an amend-
ment, or nny proposition short of tho final ques
tion. It does not require a two-thirds vote.
The Sccictary read the 44th rule, as follows:
"4?. When an amendmentto be proposed to the Consti-
tution is und«M consideration the concuircnceof two thirds
ol tin- membei.s jnesent shall not be i equisitc to decide any
qne>tiou lot amendment'!., or extending to the nicnts, being
f-lioit of the tiual question."
Mr. POWKLL. I have another amendment
to be added to the amendment of the committee
as an additional at tide:
Art. M. The principal officer in each of the Executive
Depart rn M ts, ami all prisons connected Willi the diplomatic
soivice, may he removed from ofliec at the pleasuie of the
President, All other officers of the; Executive Departments
may he removed at an) time by the Tie-tdent or other ap-
pointing powt'rwhen their f^orvicrs are mineer*f.ruy,or tor
dishonesty, incapacity, inefficiency, misconduct, or neglect
of duty, and when so removed, the removal shall be re-
poitcd to the Senate, togethei with (he reasons therefor.
Stnco I have had any knowledge of public
affairs here it has stiuck me that the manner in
which the sub-officials in the Executive Depart-
ments are removed with every incoming Admin-
istration is very detrimental to the public service.
If this amendment shall be adopted, the President
will have tho power to remove without cause the
heads of Departments and all the diplomatic corps;
but no other civil officers can he icmoved except
for cause; and then when the Senate shall meet,
the power that removes must report the names of
those removed and the causes for which they were
removed.
We know what a most lamentable thing it is
to see the emasculated forms of the office-holders
•here when an incoming Administration makes its
appearance. They hardly have any politics; the
poor creatures look as if there was very little
manhood about them. To be sure, there are ex-
ceptions to that rale. We know since the time
of General Jackson, whenever an Administration
comes into power almost every Department is
swept of the officers; faithful, honest, capable men
arfcturned out to give place to political support-
ers of the successful party.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I know my honorable
friend from Kentucky will pardon me for inter-
posing a suggestion. The most distinguished, tho
ablest man my State overproduced, was John M.
Clayton. He made a speech in this body against
removals from office, and the gi'avamen of his
charge was that five hundred men, including post-
masters -and all the subordinates, had been re-
moved under General Jackson's administration.
I therefore ask my friend to except from his gen-
era! animadversion the administration of General
Jackson, because according to the statement of
Senator Clayton on this floor in the master speech
of his life—the speech on Foot's resolution—he
estimated those removals throughout the United
States to amount to five hundred. Do not com-
pare the present Administration to General Jack-
son's!
Mr. POWELL. I am not comparing it with
General Jackson's, and God forbid that 1 should;
I merely meant to indicate that about that period
of our history this system of turning men out of
office commenced, as I understand. The evil that
I propose to correct is a great one, an alarming
one, as every Senator here must know. What
does the country want in the way of a public
official ? It wants a man who is honest, who is
capable, who is vigilant in the discharge of the
duties of his office. When you get that you have
promoted the public service as much as you can
do so through the agency of an official. But we
do know—and I do not charge it al<Fne upon the
Republican Administration — that under Demo-
cratic Administrations and under Whig Admin-
istrations, in many instances, honest ami faithful
men have been turned out merely because they
differed from those then in power in politics; men
who were honest, who wore vigilant, and who
were educated to the discharge of the functions
of their office. I wish to prevent that. I know
that the proposition that 1 propose, if it shall pre-
vail, will not inure to the benefit oT my political
friends, for the offices are now held by those op-
posed to me politically; but 1 never would pro-
pose an amendment to the Constitution to effect
any party interest. If it shall be amended, the
amendment will stand perhaps as long as the Gov-
ernment. But we know that the " spoils" sys-
tem is a very great evil; we know that honest,
faithful, capable, educated men in their business
have been turned out of office, and men utteily un-
tried and inefficient, and very often dishonest, put
in their places.
The public interest does not demand that. Tho
public interest demands the very contrary. All
the country has a right to ask is that the public
offices be filled by men of integrity, capacity, and
industry, and when you get that you promote the
public interest; and if you turn such men out to
give place to politicians, cross-roads politicians
often, who have no capacity to discharge the func-
tions of the office, you absolutely do great harm
to the country. It should not be done. I hope
the amendment I have offered will be passed. I
ask for the yeas and nays.
The voas and nays were ordered.
Mr. tRUMBULL,. I rise merely to say that
I shall vote against this proposed amendment
without particular regard to its merits, for the
reason already indicated by me in stating why I
voted against the other amendment.
Mr. WILLEY. I simply desire to say that in
casting the vote which I shall give I wish to be
understood as not condemning the principle incor-
'porated in tho proposed amendment. If it were
a distinct proposition put in proper form, I should
like to see it made a part of the Constitution; but
I do not desire to embarrass this other greatand
leading question by any such mattersatthistime.
While I am up I will take the occasion to saythat
