2422
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 23,
built there. -I propose, instead ofcommencing this
onehundred mile branch at Atchison, to commence
it at Fort Leavenworth; and I propose to have
it intersect the Hannibal and St. Joseph road'at
Troy, to which a section is already graded and on
which four miles of the iron have been laid down.
It will not do for gentlemen to warn me that 1 am
overloading this bill, when ¥ am doing no such
thing. I propose to connect Fort Leavenworth
with Fort Kearnfcy, and I here state that the Gov-
ernment pays annually for transporting Govern-
ment property from Fort Leavenworth to Fort
Kearney as much as the interest on the Govern-
roeot'aid for the whole one hundred miles will be.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not desire to discuss
this bill, but this amendment of my colleague I
never heard of before, and I do not believe there
is a company in my State organized to build the
road it contemplates. I never heat d of anybody
that wanted a road built in that direction. This
is the first time 1 ever knew of a proposition to
build a railroad from Fort Leavenworth to Atchi-
son by the way of Troy or any other place. I
will say further—I know it is late and I will not
take up time—that Fort Leavenworth is already
accommodated by the Leavenworth and Pawnee
road ; and it surely is not necessary to commence
two branches at one place. The proposition is
ridiculous. I never heard of anybody being for
it before.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I ask the Senator,
my colleague, and I desire a categorical answer,
was not the fact that he proposed t<5 run the road
through Atchison on the parallel line, instead of
through the county seats Troy, Seneca, and
Marysvil!e,the cause of the revolution in our State?
Did he never hear of that?
Mr. POMEROY. 1 will say distinctly that I
never before heard of building a road from Fort
Leavenworth according to the proposition con-
tained in my colleague's amendment,
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I ask my colleague
if he never heard of a desire on the part of the
northern tier of counties to have a railroad run-
ning west from St. Joseph.
Mr. POMEROY. I certainly did; but Leav-
enworth is not in the northern tier of counties;
Leavenworth is down forty miles south.
Mr. BO WARD. Let me appeal to my friend
from Kansas, [Mr. Lane.] Let us, if possible,
get a voto on some of these amendments. This
bill has been under discussion now the best part
of five days. Does he not see as distinctly as the
sun in heaven that this bill will be lost if ho per-
sists in offering suchamendmentsand protracting
the discussion ? [" Vote,'* u Vote."]
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire to say that this
amendment would accomplish the object which
1 have had in view. By the amendment I should
accomplish that object if the Senate would adopt
it. If it be adopted the Hannibal and St. Joseph
Railroad Company, by building a road twenty
milea, I believe the best part of it already graded,
directly west from St. Joseph, would have a road
to the main trunk in a very short time, and the
Government aid from Troy west would be given to
it. That would be the result of the proposition
made by the Senator from Kansas, [Mr. Lane,J
but that does not suit my worthy friend en the left,
[Mr. Pomeroy.] Why? Because it commences
the road down atLeaveuworth, and Leavenworth
has already been provided with the Leavenworth
and Pawnee branch, as it is called. Under the bill
you are passing here to-day there never will be
a railroad builtfrom St. Joseph,although the com-
pany in my State have gone on and graded, as I
understand, some twelve or fifteen miles of road
in the direct line of Troy. That will all be
abandoned, there never will be a railroad there,
but the route will be deflected from the main line
and run down to Atchison, and from Atchison it
will deflect northwest again, thus giving a road
not quite so objectionable as the one presented by
my friend on the right, [Mr. Lane,] but certainly
very objectionable, ltis against that that I have
stood up all the time. I have been defeated.
.Now, I cannot go with my worthy friend on the
* right, although his amendment will accomplish all
1 want. I intend to be consistent, although at
the expense of my State.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore put the ques-
tion on the amendment of Mr. Lake, of Kansas,
and declared that it was rejected.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I ask the fewor of the
Senate to grant me the yeas and nays on this ques-
tion. ["No," "No."]
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let me appeal to the Sen-
ator to take the yeas and nays when we get into
the Senate, if he wants them; there is no need for
having them twice.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Very well. I with-
draw the call now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment to the amendment is not agreed to.
Mr. HENDERSON. I will venture to offer
a second amendment; I have .offered only one.
Senators say we must not offer any amendments,
but I hope they will remember that I have offered
but one, and have sat quietly while a great many
amendments were offered by others. 1 move or.
page 35, in lines thirty-three and thirty-four of
section fourteen, to strike out the words "the
route and location of said extension from Atchi-
son shall be subject to the approval of the Presi-
dent of the United States." I do not want an-
other legislative indorsement to the effect that this
branch shall commence at Atchison anyhow. An-
other thing, I do not want the President to determ-
ine the route of a railroad that has been already
located under the old bill.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope this alteration will
not be made.
Mr. POMEROY. There is not the'least im-
portance in this,ancf there can be no objection to
the amendment. You have got to make the con-
nection within one hundred miles, and if engi-
neers have located it there is no use in getting the
President's approval. 1 have no objection to the
amendment.
Mr. HENDERSON. I am exceedingly grat-
ified to have the indorsement of my friend from
Kansas, [Mr. Pomeroy,] and to see how quietly
my friend from Michigan [Mr. Howard] takes
it: he does not obejet to it, because I have the
indorsement.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not know what is meant
by that reflection. 1 recognize no right in the
Senator from Missouri to read me a lecture upon
the proprieties appertaining to this body or to my
duties here. 1 am waiting for the vote to be taken
upon his proposition, and I shall vote against it.
1 do not wish, however, to spend the time of the
Senate. Whether I am quiet or disorderly I wish
to be the master of my own conduct and not to
appeal to him.
Mr. HENDERSON. What 1 said was not
intended with a view of reading a lecture to the
Senator. What I stated I stated. So soon as I
made the proposition the Senator, as usual, made
the objection, hoped it would not be done. My
friend from Kansas rose, and the very moment
he said it was all right the Senatorfrom Michigan
took his seat. He was reading me a lecture I
thought for offering the amendment.
Mr. HOWARD. The Senator is mistaken as
to the matter of fact; lie did not observe what
was proceeding in the Senate. I objected to the
amendment offered by the Senator from Missouri
because I dissented from it and thought it an im-
proper amendment. 1 then took my seat. The
Senator from Kansas then arose and said a word
in favor of the amendment. I made no reply.
Was it necessary for me to make a reply ? Has
the Senator from Missouii any right to inferfrom
the fact of my silence that I had changed my
mind and was in accordance with the Senator from
Kansas? When he has known me longer, sir,
he will know me better.
Mr. HENDERSON. I simply desire to state'
that the Senator is mistaken. Pie was standing
on the floor when the Senator from Kansas made
his remarks, and did not take his seat until the
Senator from Kansas was through.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 am a friend to this measure,
and I voted for it at the last Congi ess. The meas-
ure was then upon us trial, upon its test whether
it was to get the sanction of the Senate of the
United States or not. I listened with much pleas-
ure to the remarks of the honorable Senator from
Ohio [Mr. Sherman] in relation to this bill a few
minutes since. I think they were eminently just,
wise, and proper. It seems to me that as far as
it can be done, the points that were prescribed in
the law of the last Congress ought to be adhered
to at the present time. I understand, however,
that there is some deviation.
Mr. HOWARD and Mr. TRUMBULL. Oh,
no; we voted that down.
Mr. DAYIS. I understand that there are two
towns in Kansas that were not named as points
in the road as the law was passed at the last Con-
gress, that have been introduced into the bill in
the form of an amendment this evening.
Mr. CONNESS. That does not add anything.
Mr. DAVIS. • The way to obviate difficulties
in relation to points of locality is not to introduce
any. Put the verbiage of this bill in relation to
points of locality in the road as it was in the last
law,and I shall have no objection.
Like the Senator from Ohio, I am a friend to
this measure as a great national measure connect-
ing the two oceans across the continent. I want
to give the measure my support as I did then; but
I want to do it upon the terms and understandings
of members of the Senate when the law was passed
two years ago. In that form it received the sanc-
tion of the Senate, and I do not think there ought
to'be any departure in relation to points in the
road or localities fixed, from what was then agreed
upon.
The question being putupon the amendment to
the amendment, there were, on a division—ayes
14, noes 8; no quorum voting.
Mr. CONNESS and others called for the yeas
and nays.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn. I think there is no possibility of
getting a vote on the bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion to
adjourn is not in order while the Senate is divid-
ing. The question is on seconding the call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 19, nays 13; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs'. Carlile, Davis, Doolittle, Foot, Grimes,
Jlailan, Hants, Henderson, Hendricks, Lane of Indiana,
Lane of Kansas, Pomeroy, Powell, ltamsey, Sherman,
Sprague, Ten Eyek, Van Winkle, and WiUey—19.
nays —Messrs. Anthony, (Jlark, Collamer, Conness,
Ilowaid, IIovvc, Johnson, McDougall, Morgan, Moirill,
Sumner, Trumbull, and Wade—13.
ABSENT—>Kms, Brown, Iluckalew, Chandler, Cowan,
Dixon, Pessemlrn, Foster, Il<ih-, Harding, Hicks, Nesmith,
Richardson, Riddle, Saulhbury, Wilkinson, Wilson, and
Wnght—17.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. I offer mi amendment to
come in on page 21 of the bill as printed this
morning. I will read the clause and then suggest
my amendment:
The rails and other iron used in the construction and
equipment of the said road shall he of American mauutac-
ttire, of the best quality, except so much thereof as shall
be needed for two years next after the approval of ihis> act.
I move to strike out the words " exceptso much
thereof as shall be needed for two years nextafter ,
the approval of this act." I do not wish to make
it a subject of debate and I am entirely willing
that the vote shall be taken upon it without dis-
cussion, so far as I am conccrned. My motion
is to strikeout the exemption, and that will make
it necessary to construct the whole work of Amer-
ican iron.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope the Senate will not
strike out that clause. I think it is a very im-
poitant provision.
Mr. SHERMAN. That exception was adopted
after a long discussionin committee and after full
consideration.
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, Mr. President, aftera
very full discussion in the committee. I do not
offer the amendment on behalf of the committee,
but on my own motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust it will not be adopted,
because the Senator merely speaks for himself.
Mr. HOWARD. I speak merely for myself,
not for the committee.
Mr. SHERMAN. Thatexception was adopted
after grave consideration in view of the impossi-
bility of procuring the iron now in this country.
Mr. CONNESS. If this amendment is to be
adopted, 1 have an amendment prepared that I
shall offer in lieu of the words thus stricken out,
but if it be not adopted I will not offer this amend-
ment. I will read it, so that it may be understood.
1 piopose to make the clause read:
Except *0 much thereof ad shall be needed for the use of
the portion of the Pacific railroad !yin<; westward of the
eastern boundary of California, which exception shall con-
tinue until the end of the present rebellion.
I have summed up before me—which will not^,
take a moment to state, and I invite the attention
of Senators to it—the cost of shipment and in-
surance from the Atlantic seaboard to California
