1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
You could not exist a year as a separate Power.
You would either become tributary to Jclf. Da-
vis, or else you would ask to comc back to your
connection v/ith the East. You have got to se-
cure a commerce upon the ocean, the highway
of the world, before you can amount to anything.
You must either have access to the ocean through
the Mississippi or to the Atlantic coast; and I
tell gentlemen that when every single interest of
the {State I represent cannot challenge scrutiny
and investigation at the hands of the gentleman
from New York, or at the hands of any other
gentleman, strike it down. And if the gentleman
from Ohio will oblige me by ofFeiing his amend-
ment I will vote for it, and do what I can to en-
able him to have the opportunity of recording his
vote uptan it in the House.
Mr. BROOKS. 1 had 110 idea when I offered
the few remarks I made relative to meddling with
the coastwise trade regulations of the country,
that it would lead to such a fiery, ardent debate as
has taken place. It struck me then and itstnkes
me now that when a people are enjoying great
blessings, a great monopoly, out of which they
are making large sums of money, in a paiticular
trade, nothing is so unwise as to cause atten-
tion to that trade or provoke discussion upon
it. Hence, I threw out the idea that New Eng-
land and the lakes, which now enjoy thegreatest
monopoly a people everenjoyed in any country,
the greatest protection that could be afforded,could
not wisely or properly undertake upon a mere
appropriation bill to adopt a provision leading to
suggestions, thoughts, and amendmentsin respect
to any part of the coastwise trade of the United
States. I think the suggestion was a proper one,
and if there was anything in it to excite the feel-
ings of gentlemen it must have been my mode of
argument and manner of addressing the House,
rather than the suggestion itself.
Many years ago, when theic was a cry of lib-
erty throughout the world, when the southern
membeis upon this floor fell prostrate before Louis
Kossuth, the idol of hbertv from Europe, I rose
here and called the attention of those southern
members to the fuct that they held four million
slaves, and that the people who lived in glass
houses should not throw stones. 1 rise now to
tell the people of New England and of the lakes
that, living as they do in a glass house in refer-
ence to the coastwise trade, they should be care-
ful how they throw stones at the glass houses of
any other people.
Mr. ARNOLD. My friend from New York
some time ago staitled the House and country
by announcing that slavery was dead. I ask him
whether he still thinks that institution is dead ?
Mr. BROOKS. My opinions are in the speech
I mode on that occasion. There they are, and
the opinions I then entertained I entertain now.
But I am no undertaker, no grave-digger. I am
not -omg to dig the grave in which to bury the
dead body of slavery.
Mr. ARNOLD. If the institution of slavery
is in fact dead, for which we must thank God, why
would the gentleman continue the slave trade?
Mr. BROOKS. No slave trade exists with the
South. Why should we fight shadows?
Mr. ARNOLD. I wantto see thest*ftute-hook
swept clear from every relic, every woid that can
give sanction to the institution of slavery. I wish
that the declaration the gentleman has made were
tiue, that slavery is dead. But we have only to
witness the proceedings of the House to know
and feel that the institution still lives, and that it
has its friends here who are determined that it
shall not peiish. It yet lives. It has not only
friends in the American Congress, but it has
friends and armies yonder confronting the Union
hosts. A ml so lon^c Jeff. Davis is able to mar-
shal his or my in defense of slavery, so long as
the institution can marshal friends here, we can-
not yield to tin"1 declaration that siaveiy is dead.
Mr. BROOKS. This should be introduced
fairly by itself in a proper manner, and not be
injected'into an appropiiation bill.
"No slave trade lias existed in the southern
States mih'p the war, and before that it was by
the lines of railroad. It was not the custom in
the South lor ton yeai s before the outbreak of the
civil war to transport slaves by sea, even from
Virginia to Louisiana. The transportation was
mostly by land and by the Ohio and Mississippi
rivers.  Such legislation as this is unnecessary
and uncalled for; and it is introduced here merely
as a contiibution to the excitement m the country
in order to draw off public attention from the
great cause of the white man's liberty. It is not
necessary, and if it were necessary this is not the
right way to bring it before thfe House.
But I have said enough on that branch of the
subject. I rose to make some few remarks in re-
ply to my honorable friend from Maine, [Mr.
Blaink.] No man has ever nroclaimed aid and
comfort to the enemy so effectually as he has
doneatthis day and this hour. No man has ever
been so guilty of moral treason as he has this day
and this hour in the House of Representatives.
The words he has uttered here will be caught up
by the Richmond press and rung and rerung from
the capital to Louisiana and the Rio Grande in
one prolonged, continued echo.
The sentiment which the gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Blaine] has uttered, and for which he ought
to be censured, is that in the great commercial
metropolis of the continent, a city which has
poured forth soldiers by thousands and hundreds
of thousands, that city which has poured forth
millions and tens of millions of dollars into the
public Treasury, that city whose seamen line the
coasts of the Atlantic and Pacific, protecting our
commerce and blockading theports of theencmy;
in that city, he proclaimed here upon the floor of
this House that if a vote were taken to-day there
would be thirty thousand majority for Jeff. Davis,
the president of the confederate republic of the
southern part of the United States of America.
I have too much respect for the honorable gentle-
man to call even that a slander. I will not char-
acterize it by the plain adjective with which it
deserves to be characterized, for in the heat and
fervor of debate he may have made that procla-
mation without consideration. Nothing could be
more unjust to my constituents. No people are
more loyal; not to Abraham Lincoln, not to the
Executive, whoever he may be, but no people on
earth are more loyal to the Constitution of the
United States than the people of the city of New
York.
Mr. BLAINE. Let me ask the gentleman,
as bearing upon that point, if the question were
to-day submitted to the vote of the city of New
York, whether they would take Jeff. Davis and
the Montgomery constitution or Abraham Lin-
coln, whom would they vote for?
Mr. BROOKS. The people of the city of New
York are more interested in the preservation of
the Union than any other portion of the country.
Mr. BLAINE. I ask you if they would not
take Jeff. Davis and the Montgomery constitu-
tion ?
Mr. BROOKS. The question has been an-
swered over and over again. There are fifty thou-
sand majority now in the city of New York op-
posed to'Abraham Lincoln, and yet they have
contributed their money freely, their votes freely,
their actions freely for the support and mainte-
nance of this Government, and of Abraham Lin-
coln, its executive head.
Mr. BLAINE. The gentleman accused me of
moral treason for mak mg a certain assertion in re-
gard to the probable vote of the city of New York,
and I asked him his judgment as to the result
were the question submitted to a vote to-day
whether they should have Jeff. Davis and the
Montgomery constitution or Abraham Lincoln
and a prosecution of the war.
Mr. BROOKS. We want no new constitution.
Mr. BLAINE. Answer my question.
Mr. BROOKS. The Constitution we want is
the Constitution of our fathers, and 110 other Con-
stitution whatever. Under that we have pros-
pered, by that we have lived, and by that, under
the blessutg of God, we will restore the Union.
The Constitution of our fathers, the Constitution
of our country is wmu we are struggling for, and
this is the icason and the only reason we are op-
posed to Abraham Lincoln.
Mr. FRANK. I simply ask my colleague if
he w ill not allow us to go on with the business of
the House, and let this matter be postponed until
next sefvsjon ?
Mr. BROOKS. Why, sir, if the gentleman
thinks tins discussion unprofitable I " il! sit down.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the committee
1 ise tor the pui pose of closing debate on the pend-
ing amendment.
Mr. COX. I uppcal to the gentleman from
Vermont to allow me to have the eighth and ninth
sections of this bill read.
Mr. MORRILL. I cannot yield.
Mr. COX. I lise to a point of order. I have
a right to have the sections read"which are pro-
posed to be repealed by this legislation. We do
not know what we are repealing.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
The motion of Mr. Morrill was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Pendleton reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the otate of the
Union had, according to order, had the state of the
Union generally under consideration, and partic-
ularly a bill (H. R. No. 527) making appiopria-
tions for sundry civil expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending the 30th of June, 1865,
and had come to no conclusion thereo.n.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. STEELE, of New Jersey, from the Com-
mittee on Enrolled Bills, reported that the com-
mittee had examined and found truly enrolled
joint resolutions and bills of the following titles;
when the Speaker signed the same:
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 23) for the relief of
the officers of the fourth and fifth Indian regiments;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 103) for the relief
of Mary Kellogg;
An act (H. R. No. 497) in relation to the vil-
lage of Deposit, Delaware county, in the State of
New York; and
An act (H. R. No. 540) to provide ways and
means for the support of the Government, and for
other purposes.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL AGAIN.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 move that all debate on
the pending amendment to House bill No. 527,
making appropriations for sundry civil expenses
of the Government, be closed in one minute after
its consideration shall have been resumed in Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I now move that the rules
be suspended, and that the House lesolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended, and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Pendlb-
ton in the chair,) and resumed the consideration
of House bill No. 527, making appropriations
for sundry civil expenses of the Government, the
question being on the amendment of the Senate
in reference to the coastwise slave trade.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Chairman, I believe that
in 1808 all our foreign slave trade was abolished.
That did not destroy our foreign commerce. If
we should abolish the coastwise slave trade I
do not think our coasting trade would be in any
very great danger.
Mr. COX. I would like to have the eighth and
ninth sections of the act read.
The CHAIRMAN. The time for debate has
expired.
The question was taken on the Senate amend-
ment, and it was concurred in.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the committee
rise and report the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Pendleton reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had had under consideration the Union
generally, and particularly the Senate amend-
ments to House bill No. 527, making appropua-
tions for sundry civil expenses of the Govern-
ment, and had directed liirn to report the same back
to the House, with a recommendation that some
of the amendments be concurred in and that some
be non-concurred in.
Mr. STEVENS. I now yield for some two
amendments to be offered.
PROPOSITION AS TO RECESS.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
this evening's recess be dispensed with.
The yeas and nays were demanded and ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 56, nays 64, not voting 62; as
follows*
YEAS—Messrs, Ancona, Anderson) Arnold, Bliss, Cof-
