1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1447
In voting against the other proposition of the Sen-
ator from Kentucky, I did so not because I was
not in favor of the one-term principle, butbecause
in that instance, as in this, I did not wish to em-
barrass the main question by any other matter.
I am a little surprised, however, that a Senator
who is so hostile to proposing amendments to the
Constitution in this particular condition of the
country, seems so anxious to introduce so many
of them.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I cannot agree with the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Ken-
tucky, and my reason is this: we want an Exec-
utive, and he must have authority in his own de-
partment, or we shall have no Government. I
would rather go, as the gentleman suggested by
his previous-amendment, for extending the term
and increasing the power of the Executive than
diminishing ii at this day. The Executive ought
to have authority over his sub-executives; it is
u necessary authority; otherwise there is 110 Gov-
ernment.
Mr. POWELL. The honorable Senator from
West Virginia thinks it strange that if 1 were op-
posed to bringing in propositions to amend the
Constitution at this time 1 should offer so many
amendments myself. I will state to the Senator
that so far as the Senate is concerned I see it is
determined to propose amendments to the Con-
stitution, and while it is engaged in that work,
I deem it a patriotic duty to offer any and every
amendment that I think will promote the public
interest; and it is for that reason that I have of-
fered this amendment; it is perfectly satisfactory
to myself.
The question being taken by yeas And nnys,
resulted—yeas 6, nays 38; ps follows:
Y1SAS — Me^rt. Davis, UcMidiick?s Powell, Riddle,
SauNbnrv, and Wade—G.
NAY.^—jVIesMh, Anthony, I5io>vn, Chandler, Olaik, Col-
in mer, Cowan, Conner. Dixon. Dool title. Fessendcn, Foot,
Fostci. (Jiimrs. Utile, Uiudinsj, Harlan, llains Henderson,
llowaid, JI owe', Johnson. Lane of Indiana, Lam; of Kan-as,
lUcDongall, Moitjan, Moirill, Nr^-taiih, Pomeioy. Ram*'-},
Shennan, tiprague. Sumner, Ton Lyck, Ttnmbull, Van
Winkle, Wilkinson, \Y illcy. and Wilson—38.
So the amendment to tho amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. POWELL. I have made several efforts
to get in some w.se and salutary amendments,
and I propose now to offer one other. I have no
idea that i shall be able to get it through ; but I will
make the cfToit. 1 offer this to come in as a sepa-
rate article at the end of the amendment of the
committee:
Art. 14. Every law, or resolution having tin*, force of
law, shall relate'to but one subject, and that shall he ex-
pressed in the title*.
I think I have heard almost oveiy Senator on
this floor complain of a species of legislation that
is very common here at the close of every ses-
sion. For instance, or appropriation bills an
amendment will be stuck in by one House or the
other that is m no way germane to the subject-
matter; and by that means a great deal of legis-
lation finds its way on- the statute-book which
would not otheiwise ha\e been passed by either
House. The constitution of the State in which
i live was once in that respect as the Constitution
of the United States now is, and we cneounteied
these difficulties as we do here. In 1849 we had
a convention which made a new constitution, and
put in it a provision similar to that which I now
offer, and we all saw at once the wise woikingof
it. I do not think there is a Senator in this Cham-
ber who, if he were asked the question pi 1 vat el y,
would not say that bethinks such a provision as
this would piomote the purity of legislation. It
would prevent a great deal of legislation which
could not be passed on its own merits, but which
yet finds its way upon the statute-book.
A few days ago I was told by a Senator that
an amendment was put upon an appropriation
bill some years since giving somebody a pension;
and upon some money bills, and other bills of
importance, may be found clauses giving land
grants to railways. All these things should be
forbidden by a wise people. Every proposition
that is enacted into a Jaw should go through upon
its own merits, and not be earned because of the
peculiar su noun ding cu eu distances in which,
owing to the condition of the public service, a
vital measure must be lost or extraneous matter
carried through by it. To prevent this state of
things hcieafter, 1 have seen fit to present this
amendment; and I ask for the yeas and nays
upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 6, nays 37; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Cowan, Davis, Hendricks, Powell, Rid-
dle, and i?aulsbury—6.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bi own, Chandler, Clark, Con-
ness, Dixon, Doolitlle, Fe senden, Fool, Foster, Grimes,
Hale, Harding, Hailan, Harris, Henderson, Howard, Howe,
Johnson, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, McDougall,
Moignn, Morrill, Ne«mith, Pomeroy, Kamsey. Sherman,
Sprague, Sumner, Ten Eyck. Tiumlmll, Van Winkle,
Wade, Wilkinson, Willey, and Wilson—37.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. DAVIS. I offer as an amendment to the
amendment an additional article, which I send to
the Chair.
The Secretary read the words proposed to bo
added, as follows:
The Pjesidentand the Vice Pi evident of the United States
phall be elected in the followingmanucr: each .State may,
withni thuiy days next betoie the tune appointed for the
oleetion of President, in any mode adopted by the State,
nominate to Congress one candidate; and on the first Mon-
day of Februaiv nc\t betore the expiration of each pies-
idential teim,thc two Houses of Congress shall meet to
gether as a convention, m the Hall of the House of Kep-
resentatives, and nil the candidates nominated by the States
within the piceedmg Unity dajs, not exceeding one from
each State, whoso nomination shall have been authenti-
cated to Congress, shall be before «.anl convention as. can-
didate? for the Presidency ; and theieupon said convention
fhall proceed, under the Hipci vc-ion ol the {'residing Oth-
er rs of the two Houses, to vole by open ballot nom among
all said candidates for President, and when any one fhaU
have receirrd a number of votes equal to the numhei of
member?, fleeted and appointed, ot both Houses of Con-
gress, he Fhali bcdrclaied In the President of the Senate
to be elected PieMdent of the United States. In all eases
whoie the balloting shall have continued in this mode
thiough fivrda}s,and no election shall have been effected,
on the sixth d.ij 11 shall be tCMimcd, and after each ballot
the ofiieris pi riding shall dtop the candidate who has re-
ceived the smallest riumbei of \oic*, or two 01 mote can-
didates who have leceived an equal number of voter, and
less than all the oihei.s; and the balloting t-hall he ro eon
turned among ill1* lennumrg candidate* until one shall re-
ceive the majot if\ af<u ; and thereupon the Pj evident
of tne Senate shall announce him to hr elected 1'ir-ideiu
of the United States, 'l'he convention shall then proceed
in the <amc manner from the rcmainin; candidates to
elect a Vice President of the Kmted Slates. Whenevet
it inaj occur in the voiing for Piesidenf or Vice PieMdent
that all the candidate-, but two have been dropped, the
balloting between them may,if necessnty to make an elec-
tion, continue two d;n s longei; and it then no candidate
shall have iceeived the requned numbei of votes, the offl-
ceis pieFiding over the convention shnll icport the str.le of
fact to the Supienie (Mint of the United States, and it
shall thereupon pronounce which of the two candidates
shall fill tne office. Ami noSonatoroi Representative u ho
shall have vofd foi the candidate that may be elected 1'ies-
ldent, or tor tho candidate foi the Vice Piesidency who
may have been clot ted to that offu e. and upon whom the
Pie-jiJenr \ may have devolved,  l*.ill be nominated 01 ap-
pointed to am office by the incumbent of the Pie idency
for whom he may have voted.
Mr. DAVIS. My own reflection has convinced
me that the two great infirmities of our system
of Government ai c the power of icmovai, which
has produced tho spoils system, and the mode of
electing the Pjesideut and Vice President. It is
! the selection of our king, and it is regaidrd of
I such paramount importance that it absorbs-? every
J other election, general and local, m the United
I Slates. It in truth dividfs the whoie community
! not only upon the subject of a juesideniMi elec-
| tion or of polities ireneral and loenl,but it divides
j the entire community in all its interests, social,
| religions, political, and business. It absorbs the
| mind of the people of the nation, and it excites
j that mind to such an extent that the billows which
I it raises in one piesidenfial contest are not allowed
! time to subside until they aic taken up in the en-
j kuh)£ one.
;j I think if gentlemen would read the amendment
|j caiefuliy foi themselves, it would commend itself
|j to their own leason and judgment, those espe-
cially who have expeticnce, as most of them have,
in relation to presidential elections.
Anything that would prevent the wholecountry
from taking up a piesidential controversy, and
continuing it until the election, and immediately
after the PiesiJcrU clet ted has been installed into
office, or within a very short time afterwards, pre-
cipitating the country into another canvass, in my
judgment would he productive of an immense
amount of good to the country, and to the proper
wot king of the Govt rnm-'ni. i will state that tins
amendment would cut oif entirely what ix called
the presidential campaign, winch is emincntlyex-
citing. eminently corrupting; and mischievous in
its results. Within a veiy short time before the
presidential term begins^ it permits every State
that may choose to do so to present a candidate
it does not compel any State to present a candi-
date; but enough States would be willing to pre-
sent their candidates to have plenty in the field. -
The amendment prescubes that on a day in
February the two Houses of Congress shall get
together in convention, and that the two Houses
in that convention shall proceed to make the se-
lection in the mode provided in the amendment,
which I will not attempt to explain. I feel as-
sured at any rate that if this mode be adopted it
will result in relieving the country entirely from
the excitement and the corruptions of presiden-
tial canvasses; it will present the very best men
of each State before the joint convention for
the two offices of President and Vice President;
each State will have the privilege of presenting
but one name,arid when tho Piesidentshall have
been selected, the Vice President will be selected
from the residue of the persons named by the va-
rious States. Jt provides for a mode of election
that would secure the ehoiceofboth officers within
a few days, and in my judgment would secure
the election of better men, and much better men,
for both offices thanweaiom tho habit of getting,
because it would secure a choice from among the
very best and most competent and most virtuous
men among the whole people of the United States.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
Tho question recurred on the amendment re-
ported by the Committee on the Judiciary, which
was to strike outall of the original resolution after
the resolving clause, and insert the following:
(Two thirds of both Ilou^e* concurring:,) That the fol-
lowing aiucle be piuposeti to the "Legislatures of the several
Htates as an amendment to the Constitution of the United
State5;, which, when lalitied by three, lourthsof said JjCgw-
latutes, f-hall be valid to all intents and purposes as apart
of the said Constitution, namely:
Article Xlli.
Sro. 1. Neither fdaveiy nor involuntary servitude, except
as punishment lor crime whereof the paity shall have been
dnl\ convicted, thall exist within the United States, or any
place subject to then jinn-diction.
v2. Congress shall have power to enfoice this aiticle
by appiopnate Jegi>lation.
The amendment was agieed to.
The joint resolution waa reported to the Senate
as amended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on concurring in the amendment made as in
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 madf* no objection to the
amendment in committee, but I wish to call the
attention of the Senate to the language of the
amendment before it is finally acted upon and
gets beyond our reach.
The PUF.SIDiiNTG OFFICER. It is properly-
open to amendment now, and will not be after it
shall htive been concurred in,
Mr. SUMNER. I «o understood, and reserved
what I have to say to thi* moment. Of course,
in placing a new text m the Constitution we can-
not be too onieful, and especially when that text
is of such transcendent importance. Now, if 1
can have the attention of the Senate 
Seveial oen'ators. L n us adjourn.
Mr. WILSON. It is evident that we are not
to have a vote on this question to-night, and t
should like to make a 1 epoi t fiom a committee of
conlV-iene^ and to have it disposed of at oncc.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 *?ive way.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be no
objection, the confluence report will he received.
PAY AND PKNSION OF CIIATLAINS.
Mr. WILSON submitted the following report:
The com null eo of eonfeienco appointed to take into con-
Hdei.iuon thy d ^agu.piiig rotch .>t the two Houses on tho
amendments to the bill (11. R. No. 302) to amend section
nuie oi the act apjiioved July 17. iW>2. entitled '*Au act to
define the p.t) ami emoluments ccitaui officers of the
Army, and for otln-r puipo'-rs.," hnving met, alter full and
Iree confeicnce have a?t«ed, and do recommend to their
respective Houm'* to agiee. a#, lollow-:
That the Uouic of R<- pu>eniatives recede fiom their
di<agicement to tin* first amendment of the Senate, and
agree to the same, with the follow tngamentlmcnts, to wit:
firtt, alter the word -'chaplain," m the first line of said
amend in ent, in -ml the wonU without command sec-
ond,a'tei the won! "• biiijreons,-"' in the touitii line of said
amendment. 1 hscj t the woi ik •• and shall wear such uniform
a< 01 iik<\ ne pi"-eii!>ed ihe Atm\ !tcj.'uIaUons," and
that if/'* f^ena'e agree to the «j:tid nmemitnenti.
That the iionse or' Reprcs,t,iuutiv*, ' recede from their dis-
ngrc«-mcnt to the thitd section ot me amendments of tht*
Scn.a-, and ngiee tu (lie jani«with th« lollowing ainendv
to wli: fi.st, ^fter the word* "Adjutant Genera!.*
:j in the (mirth hn« of *ald section, inseit th« woids " ^ the
1 Awnr fefougk the usmd inllfw^ cbHnntla^ faeeotid, nt\er
