2424
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 23,
Th<> PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from California asks for the yeas Hind nays on
this amendment.
Several Senators. It is too late.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will entertain the mil.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
jVJr, FOSTER. I move that the Senate ad-
joarn. If we are to have the yeas and nays and
variousotheramendments we cannotget through.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope we shall notadjourn.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Connecticut moves that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. CONNESS. i liope that will notbedone.
The Senator from Connecticut* seems to have done
this 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is not a
debatable question.
Mr. COiNNESS. I understand that.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I desire to say just one
word before a vote is taken on this proposition.
! have given some little attention to charters that
are grunted to corporations*, and I have never
known so extraordinary a provision as this.
Any man that takes a contract 
Mr. CONiNESS. If the Senator will permit
me, I will withdraw the call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. HENDRICKS. 1 ask for the yeas und
nays.
The PRESIDE NT pro tempore. The yeasand
nays having been ordered, the call can be with-
drawn only by unanimous consent.
Mr, CHANDLER. 1 renew it.
Mr. HEN DR1CKS. I was not speaking about
the Senator's call for the yras ami nays. That
was a mutter of entire indifference to me. I would
have called for the yeas und nays myself.
Mr. CONNESS. The Senator wilt partfon me.
I supposed that the withdrawal would gratify the
Semuor and that would be the end of it.
Mr. HENDRICKS, 1 did not understand the
Chair to decide that the pioposition was rejected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Yes.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then I misunderstood
the decision of the Senator from California, and
I withdraw ilie remaik about the yeas and 'nays
being caMt'd. I suppose the Senate of course
will not change us views, and I do not feel it ne-
cessary to discuss it further.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 13, nays 17: as follows:
YRAS — iVlfH-^rn. Anthony. Chandler, Conness, flavin,
Uailan. llowaid, lltiwr, Moigan, Poim-roy, fcJpnigue,tfum-
net*. Wade, und Wilkinson—13.
NAY —Mi'—ih. Bin kal  w. Clink, Donlittle, Foot, Fos-
ter. H -iidiH'M, Johnson, L.ine of Indiana, Lane <>t lOtn
«,t-. MeDou.Mii, Momll, Powell, Saul-bun', Ten Eyclc.
Trumbull. Van Winkle, and Wi!)<*>■—17.
.\BM£\T—Alcs^i-. in own, Carole, Coll.nner, Cowan,
Ihvon. l'« —ciul' i), Gnim Hale, Ilmdiiig, Il.tiiis, Hcn-
de.rbou. lUck ,Nc-«mh, Ramsey, lUoliaidson, Kiddle, Sher-
man, Wilson, and Wiight—19.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. ANTHONY. I offer this amendment, to
come in at the end of section fourteen:
Bui all land-* "hull be excluded fiom the operation of tins
paction, and of ihe art to which thu i* an amendment.
Which wea-located or seleeicd to [>« located under the pio-
visions of an act emith d u An act donating public lands to
the M'veiul States. ami I'enitoiies which may piovulecoi
h-ge-> tor the benefit of agrieultuie and the ru.'eh.inieauV'
approved July 2, and notice theieof given at the
proper iand oflice.
Mr. HOWARD. There is noobiection to that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 do not see any object
in it.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. Wilkinson, i wu t to offer some ad-
ditional amnions to the bill.
Mr. F00 T. i suggest that had better come in
as art independent amendment, it ;s not neces-
sarily an amendment to the pending1 amendment,
and the question may as well 'be taken now on
the aine- dment made as m Committee of the
Whole  That will not interfere with theolfenng
of this amendment as additional sections after-
wards.
Mr. WILKINSON. Then I withdraw this
amendment for the present.
I he amendment made as in Committee of the
Whole, as amended, was concurred in.
Mr. WiLICliNSON. Now I offer my amend-
ment. it is not necessary that it should be read.
It is to change the routes of ccrtain railroads m
Minnesota, it grants no lands. It has passed the
Senate; and the reason why I propose to put it
upon this bill is that I am fearful the proposition
may not pass as an independent measure in the
House of Representatives.
Mi>TRUMBULL. I hope it will not be put
on here.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment will be reported.
Mr. FOOT. The mover suggests it is not ne-
cessary to read it.' After his explanation I pre-
sume it is not. The great objection is its incon-
gruity to the whole bill. It 'cannot be ruled out
of order; but itisgood reason for votingagainst it.
Mr. WILKINSON. I admit it has no partic-
ular relation to this bill.
Mr, HOWARD. I really hope my friend will
withdraw his amendment. It is not congruous
to the bill itself, and I think he does not want to
embarrass the bill and consume time by it.
Mr. WILKINSON. I withdraw it.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was read the third tune/
Mr. TEN EYCFC called for the yeasand nays
, on the passage of the bill, and they were ordered ;
and being taken, lesulted—yeas ii3, nays 5; as
follows:
YEAS — Anthony, Chandler, Clark, Conness,
Davis, Dooliitle, Foot, Fo>tei, Ilailan, Howard, Johnson,
Lane of Kansas, McDoujjall, Morean, Monti), Pomeioy,
Spiayne, rfuimiei, Tiutnlmll, Van Winkle, Wade-, Wilkin-
son. and Wi) ey—21).
, NAYS—Messrs. Buekalew, Hendricks", Powell Sauls-
burv, and Ten Eyck—5.
AHSF\T—Mesbin. Brown, Carlile, Collamer, Cowan,
Inxon, Fesaenden. Grime*, Hale, Hauling, Hani#, Hen-'
deiM>n, fjicks, Howe, Lane of Indiana, Ny>mith, Ramsey,
Itichntdson, Riddle, Hhennan, Wilson, and Wright—21.
So the bill wa.s passed.
MICSsSAGIS FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Lloyd, its Chief Clerk, announced that
the House of Representatives had passed a joint
resolution (No. Hi) amendatory ot the joint res-
olution to inciease temporarily the duties on im-
pel is, approved Apul J2£), 1861, in which it re-
quested the concurrence of the Senate.
The message further announced that the House
of Represent,dives had passed a resolution to
teiminate the present session of Congress by an
adjournment on the 6th day of June next at twelve
o'clock meridian. |
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed an
enrolled joint involution (II. R. No. 74) referring
the claim of J. 11. Claik tXr- Co. to the Court of
Chums; and u was theieupon signed by the Pn s-
ident p) o tempore.
TJUUSIC BILL IllSFKllKKI).
The joint resolution fiom the House of Repre-
sentatives (No. HI) amendatory of the joint res-
olution to increase temporarily the duties on im-
ports, appioved Apul 29,1864, was read twice by
us title,und lefei red to tins Committee on Finance.
ORDEli OF BUSINESS.
Mr. SUMNER. I now rfiove that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the bill to estab-
lish a Rtirenu of I'Veedmen.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope not until my motion
is put. I only want my bill taken up.
Mr. POWELL, lam opposed to taking up
that bill. If we want to take up any bill Jet it
be the bill to pie\ent military interfeience with
elections.
The PR ESI DENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion to adjourn.
The question being put, there weie,on a divis-
ion—ayes 30, noes 11; no quotum voting.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I call for the yeas and
nays.
Air. CONNESS. On the motion to take up the
bill referred to by the Senator from Massachu-
setts I ask for the yeas and nays.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Thevotejust
taken discloses no quorum piesent,and thercfoie
no business is in Older.
Mr. COYNESS. Then I call for the yeas and
nays on the motion to adjourn.
Mr. POWELL. 1 move that the Sergeant-at-
Aims be directed to irqm\«t ih«> uUc-edanoe of ab-
sent membei.'i.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before putting that mo-
tion, I move that the Senate adjourn.
, Mr. SUMNER. I give notice that to-morrow
as early as possible I shall move to proceed to
the consideration of the bill I have menuonad.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 move that the Semite
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, May 23, 1864.
The Housp met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Dr. Hosmf.ti, of Buffalo, New York.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
PAY 0F MESSRS. SUGAR, CHANDLER, KITCHEN.
Mr. DAWES. I rise to a question of privi-
lege. I report back, from the Committee of Elec-
tions, the following resolution:
Rcsolrcd, That there bo paid out of the contingent fund
of the IIou,u to Joseph Sejjju, Luchh II. Chandiei, and B.
M. Kitchen, claimant of seats in tins Hou-so as Repiesent-
.ativt's imm Vienna, each the u^ual mileaire of a mcinbcr
for one ^osston, and the monthly pay from the. coninience
mcnt ot the sehsion till the pa^asjeof the resolution m each
ca>e declaring thein not entitled to a *eat.
The resolution was referred to the committee
for the purpose of ascertaining the fact of Mr.
Chandler's holding an office under the United
Stales Government during the time for which the
resolution proposes to pay him. The factin limi
respect is that Mr. Chandler is a district attor-
ney of the United Slates. I understand that as
such he does not receive a salary, but is paid by
fees which he receives from time to time, and
whether his compensation from fees amounts to as
much as $2,500 per annum I am unable to state.
The law on the subject, which would prevent an
officer receiving a salary of as much as (^oIK)
pei annum from leceivingpay foi any other office,
is. as follows:
" No per-on In'reaCter who hold-, or ^hall hold ,uiv ofiice
mid''! the Government ot the United Slates who^e salaiy
or annual eonipi'ie-ation shall amount to the s-um oi $2,500.
f-hall iceeivo compensation for diaehaigmg the (luiie^ of
nnj othfr ollice.'1'
The ease contemplated by the law is where the
person leceives an annual compensation, and
therefore does not include the case of Mr. Chand-
ler, and it is merely a question of propriety
whether under the circumstances Mr. Chandler
shall have this compensation for the time spent
and expenses incuired in the prosecution of his
claim to a seat on this floor as a Representative
from the State of Virginia. It does not come
within the provision of the statute, and whethei or
not the House will vote him this compensation is
of course for the House to decide. The compen-
sation provided m the lesolution is the monthly
pay of a member—$250—from the commencement
of the session until rhe resolution passed, and
mileage for one session. The mileage in this case
is very small.
I wtii say fuither, with the permission of the
House, thai the other two gentlemen whose names
aie mentioned in the resolution, Mr. Segar and
Mr. Kitchen, have suffeitd very sevueiy at the
hands of the rebels. They are rcpiesented by
their friends, and I have no doubtcorrcctly, to be
in very necessitous cucumsumees.
Mr.HOLMAN. Do 1 understand this resolu-
tion to embrace the three cases?
Mr. DAWES. It does.
Mr. llULMAN. I will suggest to the gentle-
man from Massachusetts whether it would not be
better to separate these cases and allow the vote
to be taken upon that of Mr. Chandler by itself.
I uudoistand Mr. Chandler has, duting this whole
time, been receiving a perdi«>m compensation, and
certainly the same reasons do not apply m his
case as appl y to the other cases. 1 therefore sug-
gest that the cases be separated.
Mr. DAWES. 1 will say that the committee
leported back the resolution without any recom-
mendation at all. 1 desire to leave the matter en-
tuely with the House, and have therefoie no
objtction to the suggestion of the gentleman from
Indiana.
Mr. HOLMAN. I believe 1 understood the
gentleman from Massachusetts to"say that Mr.
Chandler has been receiving his compensation as
diatnet attorney during the whole time covered
by this resolution.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Chandiei has been district
