1448
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
April 6>
the word •< condition," in the fourth line of said section, in-
sert theword-; " and general historyai;d that the Senate
agree to the said amendments.
That the House of Representatives recede from their dis-
agreement to the fourth section of the amendments of the
Senate, and agree to the same with the following amend-
ment, to wit: add at the end of said section the words
"when practicable," and that the Senate agree to the said
amendment.
HENRY WILSON,
L. F. S. FOSTER,
GEO. ltBAD RIDDLE,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
S. A. GARFIELD,
M. P. ODELL,
N. li. SMITHERS,
Managers on the part of the House.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is manifest that we can-
not understand that report from the mere reading
of it. I hope the chairman will explain it>.
Mr. WILSON. I will very briefly explain the
report. It provides for amending our first amend-
mentsoasto provide that chaplains shall nothave
eommand. It only makes clear what was intended,
that they shall have assimilated rank but not
eommand. It is also provided that they shall
wear the uniform provided for in the Army Reg-
ulations.
Another amendment of ours provided that chap-
lains shall report to the Adjutant General the moral
condition of their regiments. It is proposed to
amend that by providing that they shall make
their reports through the proper military chan-
nels—through the commanders. That is a mere
matter of form. It is also provided here that in
their monthly report of the moral condition of the
regiment they shall also include its general his-
tory—a brief statement.
Another Senate amendment provided that reli-
gious services should be held at least once every
Sabbath. This puts in the words "when prac-
ticable." When an army is on the march or in
the face of the enemy, of course that cannot be
done.
The report was concurred im
VOLUNTEER NAVAL APPOINTMENTS.
Mr. HALE. Before the Senate adjourns, 1
wish to have a little matter disposed of. Some
time since the Senate passed a bill (S. No. 76)
relating to appointments in the naval service and
courts-martial. The House of Representatives
made amendments to the bill, which were referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs. The com-
mittee now repoit in favor of non-concurrence,
and I want the matter acted on at once so that
the bill may go back to the House of Represent-
atives.
The amendments were non-concurred in.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill from the House of Representatives
(No. 380) for the relief of George W. Murray
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
AMENDMENT TO TUB CONSTITUTION-.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
before the Senate is on concurring in the amend-
ment made as in Committee of the Whole to the
joint resolution No. 16.
Mr.DOOHTTLE. I understand that the Sen-
ator from Missouri, [Mr. Henderson,] who in-
troduced the original proposition which was sent
to the Committee on the Judiciary, has been sick
and confined to his room for two or three days,
and he is prepared and expects to speak on this
question to-morrow. 1 think it is due to him that
he should have the opportunity, and for that rea-
son I for one am willing to consent to an adjourn-
ment. But for that fact I should be entirely op-
posed to an adjournment until we settled this
question; and if we adjourn now, I think it should
be with the express understanding that we shall
close this question to-morrow. 1 do not know
any persons in the Senate who have intimated a
disposition to speak on the question, with the ex-
ception of the honorable Senator from Missouri
[Mr. Henderson] and the honorable Senator
from Indiana, [Mr. Hendricks,] except that I
understand the honorable Senator from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Sumner] desires to propose some
amendments to the Senate for its action.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope that no such under-
standing will be had. I trust the measure before
the Senate will undergo a full and thorough dis-
eussi H, tfiat eve*y member of the Senate who de-
sires to say a word upon it will have a full and
fair opportunity; becausc I, for one, regard it as
of the utmost importance not only to us but to
our country and our posterity. I hope there will
be no such understanding as that.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 beg the Senator not to
misunderstand me. I did not desire to say that
any Senator should not have an opportunity to
be heard; but st> far as I had heard expressed
among Senators about the Chamber, I was not
aware that any other persons desired tospeak but
those whom I stated; and it was therefore that 1
was willing to consent to the adjournment.
Mr. HOWARD. I understood the Senator to
press upon the consideration of the Senate the
necessity of bringing this question to a final vote
to-morrow. I understood that to be the under-
standing which he desired to have entered into.
For one, I object to any such understanding.
Mr. HENDRICKS, As the Senator from
Wisconsin has alluded to me, I desire to say, lest
it might be misunderstood, that I expect to oc-
cupy the attention of the Senate for but a very
short time, if I shall feel $ell enough, to-morrow.
I was not well enough to-day, or I should have
said what I desired to say to-day very briefly.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that the Senate ad-
journ.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, April 6,1864.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. W. H. Changing.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
JAY COOKE AND CO.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Treasury,
in answer to a resolution of the House, in regard
to the services of Jay Cooke & Co. in selling
United States securities, &c.; which was laid upon
the table, and ordered to be printed.
CABINET OFFICERS IN THE HOUSE.
Mr. PENDLETON. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to make a report from the select
committee on House bill No.214, providing that
the heads of the Executive Departments may oc-
cupy seats upon the floor of the House of Rep-
resentatives.
Mr. HOLM AN. It seems to me that that sub-
ject ought to be referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. PENDLETON. I only want the bill and
reports printed; and I do not propose to call it
up except on due notice, and to suit the conven-
ience of the House.
Mr. HOLMAN. With the understanding that
no motion to reconsider shall be made.
Mr. PENDLETON. I desire to make a mo-
tion to reconsider in order to select a proper time
for taking up tbe subject for action. I do not
propose to have any hasty action.
'Ihere was no objection; and the bill was re-
ported back with the accompanying majority and
minority reports, ordered to be printed, recom-
mitted to the select committee, and a motion to
reconsider entered.
NEW POST ROUT®.
Mr. McBRIDE, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, Tliat the Committee on the Post Office and
Pom Roads be directed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a post route from Dalles City, in the State of
Oregon, via Cafion City and Independence, to Boise City,'
in the Territory ot Idaho.
NOME LACKEE RESERVATION.
Mr. COLE, of California, presented the joint
resolutions of the Legislature of California relat-
ing to the Nome Lackee reservation; which was
ordered to be printed, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
THE REBELLION.
Mr. COLE, of California, also presented joint
resolutions of the Legislature of the State of Cali-
fornia, in reference to the suppression of the exist-
ing rebellion and the measures necessary thereto;
which were laid upon the table,and ordered to be
printed.
GEORGE W. MURRAY.
Mr. PERHAM, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Invalid Pensions, reported a bill
for the relief of George W. Murray; which was
read afirstand second time,ordered to be engrossed
and read athird time;and being engrossed.it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. PERHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask leave to present a bill
regulating the pay of certain officers in the Army
of the United States.
Mr. CHANLER. I object.
Mr. STEVENS. I merely want to refer it to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. CHANLER. I object.
Mr. SPALDING. I demand the regularorder
of business.
The SPEAKER. The bill has not yet come
from theprinter.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I ask
leave to report from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions a bill granting a pension of eight dollars
a month to Harris Welch.
Mr. ANCONA. I object.
ENROLLMENT ACT.
Mr. DRIGGS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution repealing the last clause
of section sixteen of the enrollment act, approved
March 3,1863; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House for leave to report from the Com-
mittee of Claims a joint resolution for the relief
of A. S. Clark, postmaster at Harrison, Ohio.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object.
NATIONAL CURRENCY.
Mr. SPALDING. I call for the regular order
of business. .
The SPEAKER stated the regular order of
business to be the consideration of House bill No.
333, to provide a national currency secured by a
pledge ofUnited States stocks,and to provide for
the circulation and redemption thereof, reported
from the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, with sundry amendments, and an
amendment in the nature of a substitute moved by
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,]
on which the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Hooper] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. HOOPER. Mr. Speaker, it is not my in-
tention to discuss the provisions of this bill, with
which the House is already familiar; but 1 wish
to nsk attention to some of the reasons, that are
conclusive to my mind, why the paper circulation
of this country should be under the control of a
national law; believing as I do that the condition
of the country, growing out of the exigencies of
this war, renders the regulation of the currency by
Congress absolutely ne'eessary for the purpose
of strengthening and upholding the Government.
In addressing the House last week I said tlmtl
looked upon the system of State banks as having
outlived its usefulness—considering them as in-
stitutions connected with the growth and pros-
perity of the country—that they were unequal to
the exigencies of the present time, with the de-
mands which this war is making on the resources
of the country. This remark seems to have
shocked the sensibilities of some gentlemen on the
other side of the House. It has been said that I
must have forgotten the great services rendered
to the country by the State banks during the
revolutionary war; which 1 certainly had over-
looked, and have yet to learn that they rendered
any service or were in existence during that pe-
riod.
In the war of 1812 it was different. The State
banks did then play an important and unfortunate
part, and a strong effort has been made to give
them now an opportunity to repeat it. But the
history of their action, and its effects during the
war of 1812, and of the inconvenience and trou-
ble which were caused by using the notes of the
suspended State banks then for the currency of
the country, has not been forgotten.
Soon after the commencement of the war of
1812 all the banks suspended specie payments,
