402
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
cease. These States must besubjugated and their
slaves emancipated. It is not enough that the
people in these States shall give up the contest,
throw down theirarms,and say, "We have been
deceived; we will now abandon those leaders who
have deceived us, and return again to our true and
faithful allegiance to the old Union and Constitu-
tion, consecrated by the blood and wisdom of men
of all sections of the Republic." No, no, this will
not do; but conditions and oaths are to be required,
which will substantially effect what the honorable
gentleman from Pennsylvania claims should be
done, namely, to treat the whole of these people as
conquered and subjugated, who are not to be al-
lowed to resume their relations with the Federal
Government on the condition of the oath of alle-
giance, but on the condition that they will swear
to support the emancipation proclamations of the
President and the legislation of Congress on the
slavery question.
Gracious Heaven! is this the statesmanship by
which the wounds of this bleeding and afflicted
country are to be bound-up and healed? Sir, to
the purpose for which this war was at the be-
ginning declared to be waged is to be added other
purposes, which cannot fail to excite renewed and
more determined resistance on the part of those in
insurrection.
But it is said the oath proposed is only binding
on those who take it until the emancipation proc-
lamation shall be declared to be unconstitutional
by the Supreme Court. But does this render it
less objectionable ? "When the oath is taken the
title by which the party held his slaves is practi-
cally abandoned, and it would be idle to tell the
man, if in the future the Supreme Court should
overrule this proclamation, you can have your
slaves provided you can get possession of thorn.
The proposition is practically this: that a por-
tion of the people in the insurrectionary States
may resume their relations with the Fedora! Gov-
ernment on condition that they will throw down
their arms and admit the right of the President of
the United Stales to dictate what shall be their
local institutions. Does any reasonable and fair
man believe that this policy will bring peace? Be
not deceived, sir. In place of limiting the dura-
tion of the war, this proposition will but, tend to
prolong the unhappy strtftvgle. Hut the ptocla-
mation of the Executive not only proposes to in-
flict forfeiture on the guilty, hut on the innocent
also, the widow and the orphan, the man who
all the time has been devoted to the Union, whose
heart and sympathy has been all the time with
the Government, but who, on account of this Gov-
ernment failing to afford him protection, has be«n
compelled to acquiesce in the usurped govern-
ment. These equally with the guilty are to suf-
fer the loss of their property under the policy of
this Administiation and its friends. Is it just
that this large class of persons, who were thus
compelled to submit to the usurped government,
shall now he punished by tins Government
which was unable and failed to afford them pro-
tection against these usurpations m their midst?
But it is said these men need not take the oath
prescribed by the President if they do not desire
to do so. Sir, 1 answer to thin that this is the
only plan proposed by the President on wlii- • to
close this war and allow the people to organize
State governments.
In my humble judgment, sir, this Government
will have discharged its whole.duty when it shah
have succeeded in breaking down the armed force
of the rebellion and brought to punishment such
of the guilty leaders as sound prudence and wise
statesmanship shall seem to require, and allow-
ing the gieat masses of the people, on taking an'
oath to support the Constitution of the United
States, to organize their State governments in such
manner as they may see fit, subject only to the
Constitution of the United States. Any other
principle will breakdown all the well-established
and admitted rights of the States, and will m effect
establish the right of the Federal Executive, as a
war measure,to dictate what shall be the local insti-
tutions of the States, because if the Presiden tmay
require obedience to the proclamations in regard
to slavery, why not, as a war measure, require
obedience to any and all proclamations which he
may see fit to issue? Sir, we cannot, I apprehend,
safely arid consistently with our system of State
and Federal governments, admit any such power !
in the President. j
But I have already stated the President had pro-
posed his pardon on conditions to many persons
who had not committed treason.
Now, I submit, with great respect, to the con-
sideration of this House the question whether,
after the rebellion was organized, and had gained
sufficient strength to oust the exercise of jurisdic-
tion on the part of the United States for the time
being, and until that jurisdiction was again recov-
ered, the citizen who yielded obedience to such
usurped government was guilty of treason, pro-
vided he did not voluntarily aid in organizing the
rebellion ?
It is a principle of the law of nations founded
upon both the good sense and necessities of soci-
ety that protection and allegiance are reciprocal
duties, and that when the legitimate Government
is by a superiorforce ousted of its jurisdiction and
power, and thus unable to afford protection to the
citizens who shall thus be temporarily placcd under
the power of the usurped government, or the gov-
ernment in possession of the jurisdiction over
them, they are not, in yielding obedience to such
government while thusir. power over them, guilty
of treason to the jurisdiction or powerdisplaced;
and the sense of the civilized world would be
shocked at punishment being inflicted in su^h
cases. The individual cannot at the same time be
held to owe allegiance to two adverse and conflict-
ing jurisdictions or governments. So soon as his
Government has become unable to protect him,
and he is placed under the power and control of
the de facto government, his allegiance, for the
time being, is suspended to the rightful Govern-
ment, and he is governed and controlled by the
laws and regulations of the power in possession
of the jurisdiction overhim, and this resultsfrom
the principle that protection and allegiance are le-
ciprocal duties. This 'doctrine is well settled in
England, as is evidenced by the statute passed at
the conclusion of the wars of the Hoses, and is
also clearly and distinctly laid down by Sir Mi-
chael Foster, and by Lord Coke; and " this
putteth the duty of the subject upon lationaland
safe bottom. lie knoweth that protection and alle-
giance are reciprocal duties." We have also an
instance in our own history on this point which
will illustrate what I desire to say.
During the war of 18J2, the British forces ob-
tained possession of the port of Castine, and (hir-
ing the period that the town was thus held by that
army American merchants residing there made
various importations from the Btitish colonies in
violation of the non-intercourse laws.
When the United States afterwards regained
possession of Castine, an effort was made to en-
force the penalties provided in the non-intercourse
acts against these merchants, but the circuitcourt
of the United States held that during the occupa-
tion of Castine by the British fotces, the juris-
diction of the United States was ousted, and dur-
ing such penod the obligations of obedience ot
the people were suspendgd; and the same doctrine
was fully recognized and affirmed by the Supreme
Court of the United States in the case of the Uni-
ted States vs. Bice, (-1 Wheaton R., S24G,) to which
case I call the attention of the I louse, and will read
what Justice Story says on this point in ihe opin-
ion of the court which he delivered in that case.
I read from page Jioi:
" By the eotiqite>t and mihtaiy occupation of Castine, the
enemy aequued that Aim possesion which enabled lain to
exercise the fullest uslits ot soveieipnty over that place.
The fcoveieighty ot the United States over the tori U01 v u as
of coulee suspended, and the daws ot' tins United States
could no lon erbe rightfully enfor«odtheic or be obligator}
upon the inhabitant who "remained and submitted to tin;
conqueiois. By the «uirendei the inhabitants passed tinder
a temporaryallcgiancetothc liritish Government,and were
governed by t-ueh law and such only as it chose to i<:eo -
m/,e and impose. Fiom the natmo of the eat-c no olhei
laws could he ohligatoiy upon them, for wheie then- is no
piotection or allegiance or sovereignty there can he no
claim to obedience."
If the present unfortunate war is to be controlled
by the principles of the laws and usages of na-
tions, then this decision is in point, and will
show how unfair and unjust it is to impose the
conditions named in the President's late procla-
I mation on that large class pf citizens who have
| the right to claim the pnnciple that " piotection
and allegiance "are reciprocal duties; and this view
I of the question, Mr. Speaker, is, I believe, entitled
j to additional weight and consideration from the
! fact that at the time of the organization of theso-
; called confederate government there was a large
portion, if not an actual majority, in all these
States except two, who were for the old-Union
and opposed to secession, and who, in the absence
of the power and protection of the United States,
were forced by the condition of things to acqui-
esce in the attempted secession. And shall these
men, thus abandoned, be required to subscribe to
oaths to support the emancipation proclamations,
and submit to humiliating conditions ?
Is it the part of wisdom and true statesmanship
to attempt Unenforce such terms? Sir, it seems
to me that a mere statement of these facts is quite
sufficient to show every fair and candid mind how
unwise and unjust the President's proclamation
is upon this class of persons.
But, sir, the plan of the President is also unjust
and unfair to the northern States, because it not
only tends to prolong the war, and thus increase
the burdens of the people of these States, but it
also proposes to vest the political power in one
tenth of the number of citizens in the States in re-
bellion who voted at the presidential election of
1860. Sir, this would require the continued pres-
ence of an army in each of the States to protect
this minority from the large majority, and would
effectually place these States, thus organized, un-
der the control and influence of the military power,
and there is great reason to apprehend that they
would be used and controlled as mere political de-
pendencies by the party exercising the power of
the administration of the Fcdeial Government in
controlling the elections and legislation of the na-
tion. The whole scheme is incompatible with
our cherished system of free government, and is
fraught with grave danger.
If these States are considered still in the Union-—
and so I regard them—I ask by what power or
principle does the President assume to organize
civil governments within their limits or interfere
with such organizations? Certainly, under the
Constitution he has 110 such power, and under the
war power, which seems to be so enlarged as to
include everything this Administration may de-
sire to do, the President can claim no authority
to intei fere in the civil organization of States, be-
cause so soon as the armed resistance m the State
is overcome, the people, subject only to the Con-
stitution of the United States and the laws passed
in pursuance thereto, must be left free to regu-
late their own internal concerns; and any other
principle would destroy the right of free govern-
ment.
But on what principle is this one tenth to be
represented in Congress; and how many electors
for President and Vice Piesident will they be en-
titled to in the next election? Who are to be
deemed citizens in such States? All these questions
arise and must be metand answered by the fiiends
of the President's scheme.
One of the acknowledged fiiends of the Presi-
dent, a distinguished writer in this country, and
wlio was the Administration candidate in New
Jersey, in 18G2, against the honoiable member
from that State who sits near the Chait, [Mr.
Stukli:,] wi iting on thi-s plan of the President uses
the following sttong and decided language:
" We xnd we objected primarily to the I'vcciiiiv"' plan
because it is an executive plan, ilvciy J'eatuie of it h
mniked by what Ni-eins to as an extraoidinaiy assumption
ot power on the pail ot the Kxeeutive. The i'te.-ident pie-
senbes the oath, piescnhen on what conditions the States
in n hellion may reorganize Siati;goveinmenN and beiec-
oantzed and irpi evented in Uongie<s aslojal Mates in the
Union. v'lny one. of (hem. with not less than one tenth of the
ntunber of persons who voted in the pi esulential election of
l^&O^naureoiganize themselves as the State, and have the full
]''etlcutl 1 epi escalation in Congrcwto uh\ch the ^tate under
the I'cn'Ais of J&>0 was entitled! Why, the lh evident eould
easily, by the di>tributton of Fedeial offices and patronage
in any seceded State, unless theie are fewer (Jmon men
than is pie tended, induce at least one in ten, if assured of Fed-
rtnt })icit.e.<twn, to swallow without sauplc the presented
outh,in any number of oaths he might prescribe, ami elect
State ami Federal officers whom he muy thoosv to pi esa 1 he.
With the Federal repiesentation ot' eleven States, who
would bo Ins nominees and creatures,and the numbeinom
the other States lie could always command by the distnbu-
tion of the patronage of the Government, the Hxecuiive
could easily grasp foi himself the whole power ot the Union,
) ci^n as an absolute prince,perpetuate hy rejections his rei gn
during life, and reduce the functions ot Congress, to that of
simply registering his edicts ; 01, it' it «honld now and then
show a disposition to demur, he could, alter the manner of
Lotus XIV, hold a lit de justice."
Sir, if it is proposed to maintain our free system
of government, State and national, if it js intended
to settle this difficulty in conformity with the Con-
stitution of the United States and the laws of na-
tions, then I undertake here and now,Mr. Speaker,
