1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
40$
to say that this policy of the Administration can-
not be sustained.
Bat if it be the purpose to disregard the require-
ments of the Constitution, and to exercise any and
all such powers as the Executive may deem ne-
cessary, without regard to our system of constitu-
tional government, with a view not only to break
down the rebellion, but finally to change if not
destroy the rights of the States, then 1 think I can
understand this policy.
Sir, we have fallen upon sad times. In the
midst of the universal gloom and sorrow which
pervades the whole country, the heart of the true
patriot sickens at the daily announcements of the
frauds and corruptions which seem to prey upon
the vitals of the Republic.
While our armies in the field have during; the
past year in the main been successful, we have
utterly failed in a policy calculated to arouse and
encourage the true Union sentiment in the south-
ern States.
W hat wo want in this crisis of affairs is a policy
by which the paliioticefforts of the brave men in
the field shall be seconded by wise, prudent, and
conciliatoiy statesmanship. This is the need of
the country to-day. Let us be guided by the ex-
perience of the past. Let this policy of subju-
gation and conquest and these unwise proclama-
tions of the Executive be abandoned.
Mr. Speaker, let us rise above mere sectional
prejudices or party feeling1, and humbly and de-
voutly imploring the guidance of that same Divine
Providence who sustained our fathers in the daik
hours of the Revolution, and enabled them to
achieve our independence and establish this Gov-
ernment; let us act with that repaid for the Con-
stitution and interests of the whole country whifh
is demanded in this hour from every son of the
Republic; and while we sustain every legitimate
and constitutional means winch shall be em-
ployed to subdue the power of this rebellion, and
while oui gallant armies in the field .shall nobly
and hiavely peiform their duty, lot us at the same
time, I beseech you, by all fair and honorable
means endeavor to restore peace, not a dishonor-
able or a disgraceful peace, but a peace founded
upon just teims to all portions of the country—
that true and welcome peace which shall "ladden
millions of hearts in every section of the land,
now saddened by gloom, and which shall brum
in loving embrace once more mount! the nation's
altar all the States as equal sisters.
Mr. GARFIELD. Air. Speaker, I had not in-
tended to ask the attention of the House or to
occupy its tune on this question of confiscation
at*all, hut some things have been said touching
its military aspects which make it piopcr for me
to trespass upon the patience of the Ilouse even
at this late period ot the discussion. Feebngthat,
in some small decree, I repiesenton this floor the
Army of the Republic, I am the more emboldened
to speak to this subject befoie us. I have been
sui prised that in so lengthy and able a discussion
so little reference has been made to the moiits of
the resolution itself. Very much of the debate
has had reference to questions which I believe,
with all deference to the better judgmentand mu-
turor experience of others, are not germane to the
subject before the House. In the wide range of
discussion the various theories of the legal and
political status of the rebellious States have been
examined, whether they exist any longer as
Slates, whether they are m the Union or out ufit.
It is p'.i baps necessary that we take ground upon
that question as prehminaty to the discussion
of the i« solution itself. Two theoiR's, diflenng
widely t'lom each other,have been proposed; but
I cannot consider either of them as wholly col-
lect. I cannot agiee with the distinguished gen-
tlemnn from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stj.ykxs,] who
acknowledges that these {States are out of the
'Union and now constitute a foreign people; nor
can I, nil the other hand, agree with those who
b< hove thar tho msui cent Slates aie not only in
the Union, but have lost none of their rights un-
der the Constitution and laws of the Union.
Our silumtion affoid-j a singular paialhd to that
of the people of Great Jjiitom in their great revo-
lution of the seventeenth century. From tune
immemorial it was the fiction of Engh.-.h law that
the kingship was immortal, hereditary, and in-
ubcuabl.': that the iang wins "king by the mace
ot'God;" ho could do no wrong, and his thione
i could never be vncant. But the logic of events
biought these questions to a practical test.
James left the throne, threw the great seal of the
nation into the Thames, and fleeing from his own
people took refuge in Franco. The great states-
men of the kingdom took counsel together on
some of the very questions which we are discuss-
ing to-day. One said, " The king has abdicated,
and we will put another in his place." Another
said, "The crown is hereditary,and we must put
the heir in his place." The men of books and
black-letter learning answered, " JVcmo est hares
viventis" the king is alive, and can have no
heir." Another said, "We will appoint a re-
gent, and consider the kingship m abeyance until
the king retui ns." The people said, "We will
have a king, but not James."
Through all this struggle two facts were appa-
rent: the throne was vacant; and their king was
unwoithy to fill it; and thev filled it with the man
of their choice. We arc taught by this I hat when-
j evir a gieat people desire to do a thing which
ought to be done, they will find the means of doing
it. In this Government we have thrown off the
kinglfr fiction, but thcie is another which we arc
following as slavishly as ever England followed
that. Here, corporations arc moic than kings.
It is the doctiiihi of our common law (lfwemay
be said to have a common law) that corporations
have neilhei souls nor consciences; that they can-
not commit ct imes; that they cannot be punished,
and that they aieimmoital. These propositions
are being applied to the rebel States. They are
corporations of a political character, bodies cor-
porate and politic; they are immortal; and cannot
be touched by the justice of law, or by the power
ofan outraged Government. They hoveraround
our boiders like malignant, bloody fiends, cairy-
ing death m their course; and yet we aie told they
cannot he punished or their ancient rights inva-
ded. Tin; people of the South, under the dnec
turn of those phantom States, are moving the
powers of earth and hell to destroy this Govern-
ment. They plead the order of their States as
their shield from punishment, and the States
plead the impunity of soulless coi porations.
But the American people will not be deluded
by these theoiics nor waste time in discussing
iliem. They will strike through all shams with
the sword, and find a practical solution as Eng-
land did. And what is that piactical solution?
The Supreme Court of the United States has
helped us at this point in one of the piize cases
decided March 3, 18G3. It is theie decided in
effect—
'•That Mrtrf! July 111. tlic United Stnu's have full
bell lire 11'lit i iirlits airniu^t all pi i.-nn'- windum in the ih-ti lots
(led.tied by liie i'levident pioehunation to be m icbel-
lion ''
••That the law-* of war, whether tint war he civil or
intn ^c/j/es, conveit eveiy eiti/.en of the hostile State into
a public uiemy, and tieat him arcoidin^Iy, whatever m.iy
have bee.i hi- piev ion-, conduct *'
"That ali the njjiw denved l'iom the laws of wtu may
now, -nn'e Ii-01, be lawiuilv and constitutionally e\eici-ed
a^am-a all the cili/.cas ot the di-tnet- in lobellion."
They decided there that the same laws of war
which apply to hostile foieign States are to be ap-
plied to this io bell ion But in so deciding they do
not decide that the rebellious States arc therefore a
foreign people. I do not hold it necessary to ad-
mit that they aie a foieign people. I do not admit
it. I chum on the contrary that the obligations
of the Constitution still hang over them; but by
their own act of rebellion they have cut themselves
of!' from all their rights and puvdeges under the
Constitution.
Win n the Govei nmcnt of the United States de-
rimed thnt wo weio in a state of war, the rebel
States came under the laws of war. By their acts
of icbellion and war they swept away every ves-
tige of their civil and political lights under the
| Consliiution of the United States. Their obliga-
tions still i cmained; but the t eciprocal i igh ts winch
usually accompany obligations, t hey had forfeited.
The question then lies open before us: in a state
of war, undf r the laws ot war, is this tcsokuion
legal and politic : I insist, Mr. Spcakei, that tho
question involved in the h solution befoi'' this
House is whether tins Government, in its exer-
cise of its l igh ts of a belligerent muh i the laws of
wni,caiinoi punish the^e lebrls and confiscate
their (slates, both p  i sona I and nvl, for life and
foievu' Thnt is the only question before us.
Gt ntlemei! have learnedly discussed the consti-
tutional powers of Congress to punish the crime
of treason. It matters not how that"question "is
decided; it has no bearing whatever on die reso-
lution before the House. I will only say^ in pass-
ing that the Supreme Courthas never decided that
the clause of the Constitution relating to treason
prohibits forfeiture beyond the lifetime of persons
attainted. No man in this House has brought a
decision of ths Supreme Court giving the render-
ing to the Constitution which thescgentlemen on
the other side of the Chamber have given to it.
They can claim no more than that the question isVes
non adjudicala. The arguments wc have heard are
sufficient evidence to me, at least,that the framers
of our Constitution intended that Congress sh'ould
define treason, and provide for its punishment, but
the rule of the English common law which per-
mitted attainder, corruption of blood, and forfeit-
ure, aftei the death of the attainted, should not
prevail in this country. To me the clause carries
an absurdity on its face, if it be interpreted to
mean iha't treason, the highest crime known to
law, shall be punished with less severity, so far as
it regards the estate of tho criminal, than any other
crime or misdemeanor whatsoever. But, as I be-
fore said, the present law of confiscation is based
on the rights of belligerents under the laws of war.
The gentleman from New Yoik [Mr. Fernando
Wood] a few days since, in his address to the*
Ilouse, gave us a history of the rebellions which
had occuired in this country. I wish to call his
attention to another rebellion in this country which
he did not notice, and in which the question of
confiscation was very fully and very practically
discussed. This fact has not, I believe, been
brought to the attention of the House. Do gen-
tlemen forget that this Union had its origin in
revolution, and that confiscation played a very
important part in the war of that Revolution? It
was a civil war; and the colonies were far more
equally divided in reference to the question of
loyalty and independence than the States of the
South now are on the question of to-day. Many
of the thiitecn colonies had almost equal parties
for and against England in that struggle. In New
York the parties were of nearly equal strength.
In South Carolina it is claimed that there were
more Royalists than Whigs. Twenty thousand
American Tories appealed in the armies against
us in the revolutionary struggle. Thirty regi-
ments of them held their placcsin the British line.
Our fathers had to deal with these men, and
with their estates. Iiow did they solve the prob-
lem? I have looked into the history, and find it
full of instruction. Every one of the thirteen col-
onies, with a single exception,confiscated the real
and personal property of every Tory in arms.
They did it, too, by the recommendation of Con-
gress. Not only so, but they drove Tory sym-
pathizers from the country; they would not per-
mit them to remain upon Ameiican soil. Exam-
ine the statutes of every colony, except of New
Hampshire,which the tide of battle never reached,
and you will find confiscation laws of the most
thorough and sweeping character. When our
commissioners weic negotiating the treaty of
peace, the last matter of difference and discussion ^
was that of confiscated property.
The British commissioners urged the restora-
tion of confiscated estates, but Jay and Franklin
and their colleagues defended the right of confis-
cation with gieat ability, and refused to sign the
treaty at all if that was to be a condition. While
these negotiations wore pending the colonies me-
morialized Congress to guaul against any con-
cessions on the point in dispute. On the 17th day
of December, 178:2, the Legislature passed the fol-
lowing resolution:
"Thai the law-* of the> State confiscating property held
under the law* ot the foiniei Government (which had been
dissolved and m.ule void) by ihos-e who have never been
ruiupttcd into the piesent social compact,being tounded on
Ic^al pim'sple^. weie -tiouply dictated by that principle of
common justice. demand that, it vntuoiH citr/en-.. in de-
fense of then mutual and cotiMimuonai nfiht , ri*k their
life, hbeity. and propejty on then Micce^. the vicious eitt-
/,'U> who Mde w uh iv i.tnny aiul oppic^ion. oi vv ho cloak
thenw lve< inidet tile mn-k of ncuo:sliI\, should at least
hazaul their piopem « and not enpjv the beneiits pmoured
hv liie laboif. and danger ul those whose destructions tney
\v.L-1i<'d.
"That all demand^ or lequcMs of the British Court for
tho le^tittition of piopeity confiscated by tins State, being
neither «uppoi:ed l.y law, equity, ot policy, nre wholly m-
tuhni-^ibie,,'nd 1b u mil in-b'iiiuin (Jonuiu--.hem=tu;cted
lo move t'oii^ie-i lhatthey may ilircet their deputies, who
Miall lepo-bcnt Hicmj States m the General Congress foraii-
