1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL KSELQflHE
as 1 have already shown, to ten regiments, those
to include the regiments already authorized; and
U is deemed sufficient to increase the number to
ten regimtfnttt instead of swelling the whole num-
ber to about forty regiments, as provided by the
Senate amendment.
Mr. HALE. I desire to call the attention of
the gentleman from Ohio to the language of the
fifth section. It reads as follows:
Sec. 5. Jlml he it further enacted, That for the perform-
ance of topographical and such other duties as by their
commanding oifjcers> t-iiall be required of them, the Presi-
dent is hoicby authorize! to appoint the foliowingstaff offi-
ceirf to serve during the existing rebellion : for each divis-
ion in the field, one engineer, with the rank, pay, and
emoluments ofa captain of cavalry; for each coips in the
Jield, one engineer, with the iank, pay, and emolument* of
a majoi of cavalry; and for each army in the field, consist-
ing of more than one Anny corps, one engineer, witli the
i.ink, pay, ;utd emoluments ofa colonel of cavalry, and all
with the rank, pay, and emoluments of a captain of cav-
a!r\ ; the engineer ofiiceis thus, piovided tor to be appointed
by the Piotdcut, on the recommendation of the commander
of the anny to which they arc fiist to be assigned, from the
Anny or from civil life, in the same manner as heretofore
piovuied by law lor the appointment of aids-de-camp to a
tioip-* commander, and any enlisted man so appointed shall
be discharged by such promotion.
I think the words and all with the rank, pay,
and emoluments of a captain of cavalry " must be
a mistake, and that the words ought to be struck
out.
Mr. SCHENCK. They are evidently a mis-
print, and ought to be struck out. I make that
motion.
The motion to strike out was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amend by striking
out section two.
Section two was read, as follows:
Sec. 2. Jind be \t further enacted. That there be added
to the battalion of engineers one sergeant major and one
qua) termaster sergeant, who shall al&o be comim&saty ser-
geant, and each &hall have the pay of a sergeant of engi-
neer.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was ac-
cordingly lead the third time, and passed.
METROPOLITAN RAILROAD COMPANY.
Mr. WHEELER, from the committee of con-
-ferenee on the bill (S. No. 54) to incorpoiate the
Metropolitan Railroad Company, submitted the
following leport:
The committee of conference of the two Houses on the
di.-.igieeing votes of the two Houses on the hill (8. No. 51)
to luooipor.ite the Motiopolitan Railroad Company m the
Diftiict of Columbia, having met, alter full and iiee con-
ference have agreed to recommend and do recommend to
then respective Houses as follows:
That the Somite agree to the first amendment of the
IIOUJ.C.
That the Semit* agtee to the second amendment of the
Ilou^e, amended to a* to read aj follows : in section one,
smke out all aftei the word " west"1' where it last oeeuts
in line twenty five down to and including the woid "west-'
jn line twenty-nine, and the House agiee to the same as
amended.
Th.it the Senate agree to the thiidand fourth amend-
ment-: oi the House.
That the House lecede from its fifth, sixth, nnd seventh
amendment*.
Tint the Senate agree to the eighth amendment of the
Houm1, with the following amendment, to wit: stake out
all alter the words provided iiuthei that," and m lieu
theieof insert " no pei*on shall be allowed to subscribe for \
more than $J5,000,"and the House agree to the same as j
amended. !
That the Senate agree to the ninth, tenth, eleventh, and I
twdith amendments'of the House. I
Thnt the Senate and House agiee to the amendment j
striking out the words ''ninety woiking days''m .-ection :
seventeen, and insetting in lieu thereof '• lour months" J
L. M. MORRILL, !
ii. F. WADE, |
W. T. WILLED, j
Managers on the fattof the Senate,
J. VV. PATTEUeSON,
J. G. BLAINE, j
Managers on the jiait of the House, [
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would in-
quire of the gentleman how the conference com-
mittee have regulated the matter in reference to
allowing colored persons to ride on the ears.
Mr. WHEELER. That isjust as the House
left it.
Mr, WASHBURNE, of Illinois. IIow is it
m iefori-nce to commutation?
Mr. WHEELER. That is as the House left
if. 1 demand the pievious question onagieeingto
the rcpoit.
The {uovious question was seconded, and the
mun q nation w.is ordered to be put; and under
tl'e i^i.iaMua theieof the teport was agieed to.
Mr. WHEELER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report was agreed to; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WASHINGTON AND GEORGETOWN RAILROAD.
Mr. WASHB EJRNE, of Illinois, from the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 495) to
amend the charter of the Washington and George-
town Railroad Company, submitted the following
rcpoit:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No.495) to amend thechar-
terof the Washington and Georgetown Railroad Company,
having met, after full and free conference have agiecd to
recommend and do iceommendto their respective Houses
as follows:
That the House of Representatives recede from their dis-
agreement to the ih&t amendment of tlie Senate, and agree
to the same.
That the House of Ilepicsentatives lecede from their dis-
agreement to so much of the second amendment of the Sen-
ate piopor-e* to strike out the fifth section of the bill, and
agree to >o much of the said amendment.
That the Senate lecede iiom so much of their said sec-
ond amendment as proposes to strike out the sixth section
of the hill. B. F. WADE,
W. T. WJLLEY,
Managers, on the jiaib oj the Senate,
II. PRICE,
E. 13. WASHBURNE,
Managers on the part oj the House,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker,
I will explain in a word the report of the confer-
ence committee. The provision of the bill to
which the Senate first disagreed was that which
required the company to run its cars on Sunday.
The Senate struck that provision out and in-
serted in its place a provision that there shall be
mi exclusion of persons from thecars onaccount
of color, making the bill conform in that regard
to that which has just passed the House under
the repoit of a committee of conference in refer-
ence to the Metropolitan Railroad Company.
Mr. HALE. Does this report change the pro-
vision requiting the company to run cars 011
Sundays ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The com-
mittee of conference agree to strike that out and
to insert in lieu of it a provision thatcolored per-
sons shall not be excluded from the cars, making
this bill conform precisely to that just passed un-
der the report of a committee of conference.
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio. There was no disa-
greement on that point between the Senate and
the House 111 the bill leferred to, and consequently
the committee of conference could not reach that
point.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I saw there
was nn disagreement. The House has just passed
a bill, by concurring in the report of the confer-
ence committee made by the gentleman from Wis-
consin, [Mr. Wheeler,] providing that colored
people shall not be excluded; and I am happy to
find that my friends on the other side are found
now in favor of such a measure.
Mr. COX. This side of the House never voted
that way.
Mr. STEELE, of New York. I desire to cor-
rect the gen'leman from Illinois.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman from New York [Air. Steele] was on the
committee and I will certainly yield to him after
1 get through.
Mr. COX. I want to understand the first point.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If my friend
from Ohio will' be quiet for a moment I will ex-
plain it so that even he, I think,can understandit.
Mr. CCTX. I want t" understand it before you
pass from this point. Do I understand that you
have shuck out the clause requiring the company
to run their cus on Sundays?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Yes, sir.
Mr. COX. And msirted another clause in
reference to colored people? I understood the
gentleman to say that only colored people can
ride on Sundays.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. I presume ,
the gentleman eun have no objection to that, as j
he has just voted for a bill permitting colored poo- j
[lie to 1 n!e 111 the cars.
Mr. COX. I never voted for it in my life, and
I will vote iinw to table this report.
Mi. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The fifth
section provided that the route of the lailroad past
the cast font of the Capitol should be changed,
and that the ears should in futuie run round two
sides of the square. This section was struck out
by the Senate, and the committee of conference
agree to that.
The last difference was in the sixth section,
which simply provided that the company should
commute its tickets, selling twenty-five for one
dollar. This was considered a just provision,
and it is one that was inserted in'the Metropoli-
tan railroad bill just passed. It was considered
right and proper that a franchise of such immense
wealth and making so much money should com-
mute. It was not thought that that would be
onerous on the company, as the number of pas-
sengers who would purchase tickets would not
be very large in comparison with the whole num-
ber of passengers.
In regard to this provision about running the
cars on Sundays, it was not considered a matter
of any importance whatever, because the railroad
company has, with the permission ofthe city au-
thorities, put the cars on and run them on Sun-
days. I was in favor o*f that permission, and
should be in favor of it if the company had not
already, under the existing charter, put on the
cars on Sundays. Now 1 will hear the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Steele.]
Mr. STEELE, of New York. I should not
have detained the House with any remarks, al-
though I am opposed to this bill in its present
form and hope it will be laid on the table, except
for the unfairness of the gentleman from Illinois
in stating that this side of the House had just
voted for the clause that there should be no dis-
tinction on account of color.
Now, if the gentleman had examined the other
bill which has just been acted on, and the report
of the committee of conference on it, he would
have found that that subject was not committed
to the conference committee at all. Both Houses
had agreed upon that subject, and consequently
the report of the conference committee would not
have interfered with that subject 111 any way
whatever.
This bill has been agreed to by the conference
committee in such a way as to yield substantially
everything the House claimed. We might as
well have had no committee of conference at all.
The only points which were regarded by the
House as of any importance have been insisted
on by the Senate committee and have been yielded
by the House committee. I am opposed to the
bill in its present form.
Mr. DRIGGS. I understand the provision
allowing the cars to run on Sunday passed this
House by an overwhelming majority, while that
provision was stricken out in the Senate by a ma-
jority of only one, on a very small vote; and I
think the House committee would have been
right in insisting, as the feeling was so prepon-
derating heie and so nearly equally divided in the
Senate, on the Senate concurung in the action of
the House. I would prefer that the whole bill
should be rejected than to adopt this report, and
I move to lay the bill and report on the table.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
is entitled to the floor, and the motion cannot
therefore be made at this time without his consent.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I rise to a question of or-
der. The gentleman from Illinois yielded the
floor to the gentleman from New York. The
gentleman from New Yorktook his seat; several
gentlemen rose and among them the gentleman
from Michigan, who was recognized. I do not
think the gentleman from Illinois has a right to
retain the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Wis-
consin did not probably hear the Chair when he
recognized the gentleman from Michigan. The
Chair inquired of the gentleman from Illinois
whether he yielded the floor to the gentleman from
Michigan. The gentleman from Illinois made no
reply, and the Chair supposing silence implied
consent allowed the gentleman from Michigan to
go on.
Mr. ELDR.IDGE. I certainly understood the
gentleman from Illinois in closing Ins remarks to
say," 1 now yield the floor to the gentleman fiom
New York," and then to take his scat.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not under-
ij stand tin- gentleman from Illinois to give up his
j right to the floor. The gentleman knows that it
I is not the custom for the gentleman having charge
,j of the bill on which lie intends to move the prc-
!j vious question to give tip his nght to the floor.
