1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
attorney since July last, andjtjs such has received
the fees to which he was entitled. What amount
of business he has done I am unable to say. The
business would be very small outside Iris fees
connected with confiscation cases. How much
he (nay have done in that respect I do not know.
Mr. HOLMAN. One question further. He
is still holding the same official position. There-
fore, for the purpose of getting the subject before
the House, I will, with the consent of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, modify the resolution.
Mr. DAWES. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to strike out so much
of the resolution as.applies to Mr. Chandler; and
I desire to state my reason'for that modification.
He holds an official position under the Govern-
ment, affd the chairman of the Committee of Elec-
tions is notaCle to state the extent of his compen-
sation. He holds an office of prolit and trust
which does not bring him within the law read by
the gentleman from Massachusetts. I therefore
suggest, to avoid complicating this case, and inas-
much as they stand upon a different-footing, that
we take the vote on Mr. Chandler's proposition
by itself.
"Mr. DAWES. While I think that there is a
propriety in making a distinction between these
gentlemen, still if we strike out the name of Mr.
Chandler it may notbe within our power to bring
his case before the House again.
Mr. HOLMAN. It is difficult to modify the
resolution so as to accomplish the object. The
modification ought to be to put Mr. Chandler
upon the same compensation of §250 per month,
deducting the amount he may have received in
his capacity of assistant district attorney of "Vir-
ginia. It has been suggested to pay Mr. Chand-
ler only mileage. That may do him injustice.
These gentlemen ought to stand upon the same
footing. I theiefore move to stiike out Mr.
Chandler's name, and at the end of the resolu-
tion to add the following words:
iWt we pay to Mr. Chandler the same compensation
provided for the other gentlemen of $250 per month ami
mileage, deducting therefrom'the amounthe may have re-
ceived as assistant district attorney of the United States
loi Viiguna.
That can be ascertained officially.
• Mr. DAWES. Does the gentleman from In-
diana intend that he shall pay over the balance?
Mr. HOLMAN. If the gentleman has any
doubt that he lias received a compensation be-
yond this amount, then it is proper to strike out
the name of Mr. Chandler.
Mr. BLAIR,of West Viiginia. Mr. Speaker,
I am not prepared to say what the fees have
amounted to which Mr. Chandler has received
since he has been in office; but I do know the
fact that the district attorney of West Virginia
some*five or six months ago was determined to
resign because tlie fees received from his office
would not support him and pay his traveling ex-
penses. I feel quite certain that the fees winch
Mr. Chandler now leceives are merely nominal.
Mr. WILSON. 1 think that the gentleman is
entirely mistaken about the amount of compen-
sation received by Mr. Chandler. The gentle-
man refers to the amount,received by the district
attorney in West Virginia. That is no criterion
for determining Mr. Chandler's case, for the gen-
tleman must remember that the district court of
West Virgmiahas not been as active under the con-
fiscation actas thedistrictcourtof Virginia. I un-
derstand from statements which satisfy my mind
that the compensation of Mr. Chandler as assist-
ant district attorney of Virginia, has been enor-
mously large. I will not state the precise sum stated
to me, but 1 believe I shall bo perfectly safe in
saying that ho has received during the last year
§10,000. I think the amendment'of the gentle-
man from Indiana ought to be adopted.
My attention has been called to the fact by
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
that, in accordance with the opinion of the Attor-
ney General of the United States, the compensa-
tion allowed to district attorneys under the con-
fiscation act is not included in the $G,000 limit of
the amount to be retained by district attorneys
as compensation under the general law.
Mr. BLAIR, of West Virginia. The gentle-
man from Iowa is mistaken when he says tnat
the courts in West Vnginia have not been as vigi-
lant in regard to confiscation as other courts.
Mr. WILSON. What 1 said was that it was
not as active in relation to confiscated property
as the court at Alexandria.
Mr. BLAIR, of.West Virginia. Well, I do
not know. There has been a great deal of crim-
inal business in our State; men are brought.up
upon various charges and the courts have to sit
days and weeks hearing complaints against men
who are supposed to be in sympathy with the re-
bellion. For all this the attorney gets nothing, and
it is only in confiscation cases and incases where
the parties are convicted that he receives anything.
I think the district attorney of the district of
West Virginia has dene as much and perhaps
more than the district attorney eff Virginia.
This compensation is not designed as a salary,
but to compensate this man for the trouble and
expense he has been to in seeking his rights be-
fore this House. And what would it be? All
he could get under the resolution of the gentleman
from Indiana would be but a drop in the bucket.
It would npt pay his board while he has been
here. Tins House, in my judgment, committed
a great wrong when it deprived him of a seat, and
I trust they will not now add to it an insult by
refusing to pay the pitiful allowance mentioned
in this resolution, and to which ne is as much
entitled as is Mr. Segar.
Mr. WILSON. During most of the time that
Mr. Chandler's case has been before the com-
mittee and the House he has been attending to
his duties as district attorney of the United States
district court at Alexandria. His compensation
as such has been going on all the time, and ithas
been enormously large during the last year.
Mr. BLAIR, of West Virginia. It lias been
going on only so far as the fees of-the office are
concerned. When he could be relieved from at-
tending to his case here, of course he was attend-
ing to his duties at Alexandria, or at any other
place where they called him. He would not be
a good officer did he not do so. I hope, therefore
this House will not make a distinction between
him and his colleague, but pay him the same mile-
age and per diem.
I am as much in ftivorof strict economy as any
gentleman in this House, especially in times like
the present; but when we come down to a small
matter of this kind, and deprive a man of the
little compensation which belongs to him, I think
we are descending below our dignity.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland." I desire to make
a practical observation. Mr. Chandler, as I un
del-stand, holds an office under the United States
If the House had voted him into his seat he could
not have drawn a cent of his salary before the day
of his'admission; and after that, of course, he
would be obliged to renounce the other office be-
fore he could hold a scat in this House. There-
fore the proposition is, because he failed, to give
something which, if he lmd succeeded, he could
not have received.
Mr. DAWES. There is a difficulty in fixing
a general rule, as has been said, for the reason
that in the different cases there is a great differ-
ence in the time necessary to be spent, and in
tlie expenses to be incurred in taking depositions,
in traveling over a large district to examine into
the case, and in prosecuting the cases before the
House. Some cases require a great deal of time
and expense, while some cases require but little.
It is difficult to say that you will pay each man
a fixed sum accoiding toa general rule,for while
that does not fully compensate some men it more
than compensates othei s.. Therefore it is proper
that wo should look into the circumstances of
each particular case.
Now, if we propose to take a portion of the
compensation given to Mr. Chandlei,and divide
it between Mr. Segar and Mr. Kitchen, I think it
would be doing greater justice than to vote to each
one of them the same sum, for the reason 1 have
stated. Theie is the fuither reason that Mr.
Chandler held an office under the United States.
I think the proposed compensation is rather small
foi Mr. Segar and Mr. Kitohen, while under the
ciieuinMances it is quite enough for Mr. Chand-
ler. 1 think Mr. Chandler should have a small
compensation for the time and money expended
in this behalf. However, I shall not oppose the
amendment proposed by the gentleman from In-
diana, provided I can see the way clear for giv-
ing Mr. Chandler some smaller compensation
than the others.
Mr. S.TEVENS. I think tlie resoru'libn isTn
accordance with the rule which I-understood the
Committee of Elections to have adopted the other
day, and which tlie House affirmed. .■ *1 thi-nkfW.8
must have some general rule.- Men who ace con-
testing seats are supposed to be' Here from tha
commencementl>f the session until the contest is
terminated. We kmnv, ill point of fact, that they:
are not. I suppose Mr. Kitchen \vtiB not, Slid
Mr. Segar may not have been; but they caftt6
here to contest their right to a seat. If they went
away, and came back three or four times before
we were ready to try their cases, are they to be
paid mileage, or when they come, on-must they
stay allthe time? I see a difficulty in making any
distinction between them. Suppose Mr. Segar.to
have had some other trade; suppose him vo have
been a blacksmith and Mr. Kitchen a shoemaker—
I hope they will not be offe,nded at the supposi-
tion, for I know they are not in those trades—
and suppose that while waiting here during the
winter to have their cases decided, instead-of being
idle, they chose to be industrious and earn some
littlest their trades, either at home or here, are we.
to inquire how much they earned and deduct it
from their per diem? We might justas well.do
that as to inquire into the professional earnings of
a man who happened to take up a case while wait-
ing for his own case to be decided.. It is sug-
gested the adoption of such a rule would be a
premium on idleness. You would keep men claim-
ing seats in this House lying around idle all the
time.
I think, therefore, that we cannot do better
than to pass the resolution a£ it was reported by
the Committee of Elections. I think- this thing
of inquiring into a man'sprivate business because
he did not choose to be round he.re while his case
was pending would be a. bad precedent, for if we
followed it out it would be exceedingly delicate
in some cases that had better not be examined
into. I hope, therefore, the amendment will not
be adopled.
Mr. DAWES. I. now call the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. A. MYERS. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Massachusetts a question. This res-
olution proposes to pay these gentlemen from the
beginning of the session. I want to^fnow if that
means from the 4th of March last or from the
first Monday in December?
Mr. DAWES. The lirst Monday in Decem-
ber.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered, being first upon Mr.
Hoi.man's amendment.
Mr. BLAIR, of West Virginia, demanded the
yeas and nays,and tellers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment was agreed to—ayes 58, noes
37.
The question recurred upon agreeing to the Res-
olution as amended.
Mr. SCHENCK demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 60, nays 57; as follows:
YEAR—Messrs. James C. Allen, A/noid, Bally, Augus-
tus O. Baldwin, Jacob B. Blsur, Boutwell, Brooks, Broom-
all, William G. Brown, Coiib, Coflioth, Cravens, Dawes,
Eekicy, Edgerton, E!(lriiIge,Finclt.Glider, Hcrack, Uutcll-
jns, [Mii!i;> Johnson, William Johnson, Kernan, Knapp,
Laxv, Long, Malloiy, Marev, McAllister, McCiurg. Me-
llowed, Mcfndoc, Mooiliea'd, James E. Morris, Nelsou,
John O'Neill, l'ciHilcton, I'ike, 1'ruyn, Kad.'brd, Samuel J.
Itandall, William 11. Randall, Aleiamler H. Itieo, James
K. Rollins, ltoss, Scofield, Scott, Sloan, Smith, Thayer,
Thomas, Van Valkenburgh, Wadsworlh, Ward, William
li. WaMihin n, Webster, Whaloy, Wheeler, Joseph XV.
White, and Wilson—60.
I IVAYS—.Vlessis. Alley, Allison, Ames, John D. Baldwin,
, Baxter. Beaman, Blame, Bliss, Boyd, ISramlegoe, Ambrose
j W. Clark, Fret-man Clarke, Uole, Heniy Winter Ilavis,
■ Thomas T. Davis, Dawson, Doming, Denton. Dixon,
i Donnelly, Diigss, Kden, Gariield, Gunnel!, Benjamin G.
Ham;., Chatfe,-. M. llairi^, Ili^by, Dolman. Julian, Kalb-
fieiseh, Keiley, Fianeis W. Keliog!!. Loan, Lomjycar, Mar-
vin,' Samuel F. Miller, Moirill, Moirison, Amos flyers,
<.'hailes(>'Nei!i,Orrh, I'omerov,Piice, John 11. Kice, Rob-
inson, Ddward [1 itolhns, Sehenek, Smitbers, ripakiiii",
I John 0. Steele, William G. Steele, Stevens, Sweat, Wil-
liams, Windom, Fernando Wood, anil Woodbridge—07.
So the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted;and also moved
to lay the mution to lecoiiisider upon the table.
The hitter motion, way agreed to.
