2426
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 23,
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message from the President, by Mr. Nico-
LAY, his Private Secretary, informed the House
that he had approved and signed bills and joint
resolutions of the following titles:
An act (H.R. No. 251) to organize a regiment
of veteran volunteer engineers;
An act (H. R. No. 151) making appropriations
for the naval service for the year ending June 30,
1865, and for other purposes;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 72) relative to pay
of staff officers of the Lieutenant General;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 77) relating to
Green Clay Goodloe; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 78) providing for
the election of a member of Congress for the
State of Illinois by the State at large.
ADJOURNMENT OF CONGRESS.
Mr. COFFROTH offered ,'as a privileged ques-
tion, the following resolution, and moved the
previous question on its adoption:
. Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That the present ses-
sion of the Thirty-Eighth Congress be adjourned on the 6th
of June next, at twelve o'clock meridian.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; anil under its operation
the resolution was adopted.
Mr. COFFROTH moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to rcconsider on the
table. '
The latter motion was agreed to.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER proceeded, as the business
next in order, to call upon committees for re-
ports, to be referred to the Committee of the
Whole, and not to be brought back on motions to
reconsider, commencing with the Committee of
Elections.
JOHN WARREN AND SON.
Mr. LONG, from the Committee of Claims,
reported n bill for the relief of John Warren &,
Son; which was rend n first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole House on
the Private Calendar, and, witli the accompany-
ing report, ordered to be printed.
CHARLES F. ANDERSON.
Mr. BLAIR, of West Virginia, from tlie Com-
mittee on Public Building ami Grounds, reported
back, with a recommendation that it do pass, a
bill (S. No. 207) for the relief of Charles P. An-
derson; which was referred to the CommiLtee of
the Whole House on the Private Calendar, and
ordered to be printed.
CALL OP STATES.
The SPEAKER proceeded, ns the business
next in order (luring tlie continuation of the morn-
ing hour, to call the States and Territories for res-
olutions, commencing with the Territory of Idaho.
SETTLEMENTS UNDKR P1USEMPTION LAWS.
Mr. COLE, of Washington, introduced a bill
to provide for the puyment of certain claims to
lands within the limits of the Indian reservations
in Washington Territory, arising under the pre-
emption laws and donation act, in consequence of
preemptions and settlements made prior to the es-
tablishment of such reservations; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
DUTY OF CONGRESS.
Mr. KINNEY offered thefollowing resolution,
and moved the previous question on its adoption:
Resolved, (as the sense of this House,) That the present
crisis in the history of this causeless and unjustifiable re-
bellion calls loudly upon Congress for united patriotic legis-
lation ; that while our gallant and self sacrificing soldiers
are, with a courage unexampled either in ancient or mod-
ern warfare,sustaining the iionorof tiie nation in the field,
they are entitled to the thanks of the country and the
hearty support of Confess ; and, forgetting for the piesent
all differences upon old party issues, it is the duty of Con-
gress to sustain the constituted authorities of the country
in their efforts to suppress the rebellion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation
the resoltftion was unanimously adopted.
.RAILROAD GRANT TO MINNESOTA.
Mr. DONNELLY introduced a bill making an
additional grant of lands to the State of Minne-
sota to aid in the construction of railroads from
Stillwater, by way of St. Paul and St. Anthony,
to a point between Big Stone lake and the mouth
of Sioux Wood river, with a branch to St. Cloud,
and to the navigable waters of the Red River of
the North, as the Legislature may determine;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered
to'be printed.
TRANSMISSION OF MAILS.
Mr. SLOAN introduced a resolution instruct-
ing the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads to report a bill authorizing any person or
corporation to carry letters and other mailable
matter between all places where it now generally
requires double the time to transmit letters by mail
that it requires to transport passengers by the or-
dinary public conveyances, and to receive com-
pensation therefor.
Mr. ALLEY. I suggest to the mgver of the
resolution to modify it so as simply to instruct
the committee to inquire into the expediency of
reporting such a bill.
Mr SLOAN. I have no objection.
The resolution having been so modified was
adopted.
NORTHERN PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. PRICE introduced a bill granting public
lands to aid in the construction of a branch Union
Pacific railroad and telegraph line through the
mineral lands of the Territories of Colorado, New
Mexico, and Arizona; which was reada first and
second time, referred to the select committee on
the Pacific railroad, and ordered to be printed.
SUSPENSION OF NEWSPAPERS.
Mr. GRINNELL. I submit the following res-
olution, and demand the previous question on its
adoption:
ReaoJucrf, That the President be requested to comniunl •
cato to this House whether by any order of the Govern-
ment, or by any officer thereof, the World and Journal of
Commerce, newspapers in the city of New Yoik, were sus-
pended from being published ; and if t>o, that said order be
communicated to this House, and the proceedings in the
execution of tli.it Older.
Tlie SPEAKER. That being a resolution re-
questing information, can only be considered on
this (lay by unanimous consent.
A Member objected.
Mr. GltlNNELL. I demand the previous
question.
The SPEAKER. The resolution has already
gone over for one day.
HOUR OF MEETING.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa, submitted the fol-
lowing resolution, and on its adoption demanded
the previous question:
Resolved, That hen-aftcr, until otherwise ordered, this
1Inu-e will lai et at eleven u'r lock, u. 111., for the transac-
lion of business.
Air. PENDLETON. Does not that change one
of the rules of the House, and therefore must it
not go over for one day ?
Tlie SPEAKER. It does not. The Chair will
have the rule read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" 1. He shall take the chair, every day, precisely at the
hour to which the IIou*c t-hal! have adjourned on the pre-
ceding day."
Mr. MALLORY. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House for the gentleman to answer
why he desires the House to meet at eleven
o'clock. The Senate are behind us in business,
and I see. no reason for this resolution.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I have demanded
the previous question on the resolution.
Mr. PENDLETON. I move to lay the reso-
lution on the table.
The motion was agreed to—ayes 93, noes 20.
FUES OF MARSHALS, ETC., OX THE PACIFIC.
Mr. COLE, of California, submitted the follow-
ing resolution, and moved that it be referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary:
Resolved, That it siiali lie lawful for United States dis-
trlct attorneys and United States, maishals in the Statesof
California and Oregon to charge and receive for the services
they may perform double die lees and emoluments allowed
to like officers in the southern district of New York for
similar services.
The resolution was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
BAST VIRGINIA CIRCUIT COURT.
Mr. WILSON submitted the following resolu-
tion; wliich was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of providing by
law for holding a session of the UnitedStates circuit court
for the eastern district of Virginia at Alexandria.
FORGEltY OF OFFICIAL DOCUMENTS.
Mr. ARNOLD submitted the following reso-
lution, on the adoption of which he demanded
the previous question:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire and report what, if any, additional
legislation may be necessary to punish the forgery and pub-
lication of official documents, and what legislation is
necessary to punish those who through the press or other-
wise give information, aid, or comfort to the rebels.
Mr. COX. I would like to amend that resolu-
tion.
The SPEAKER. A motion to amend is not
in order pending the demand of the previous
question.
Mr. COX. I appeal to the gentleman from
Illinois to withdraw his demand for the previous
question.
Mr. ARNOLD. It is a mere resolution for in-
formation. I insist upon the demand for the pre-
vious question.
Mr. COX. If it is merely a resolution for in-
formation it must go over one day uftder the rule,
but I desire to amend it so as to direct the com-
mittee also to inquire what suitable pains and
penalties should be inflicted upon subordinates of
the Government who arrest proprietors of news-
papers and suspend the publication of their pa-
pers.
Mr. ARNOLD. That may come in as a sepa-
rate resolution. I insist upon my demand for the
previous question.
Mr. COX demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Cox and
Arnold wereappointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 59, noes 49.
So the previous question was seconded.
The mam question was then ordered to be put.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. ARNOLD moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EVACUATION OF CUMBERLAND GAP.
Mr. COX submitted the following resolution,
and on its adoption demanded the previous ques-
tion:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to an-
swer the former resolution of tins House, and transmit a
copy of the report of General George VV. Morgan in rela-
tion to the evacuation of Cumberland Gap, &c.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Has the
morning hour expiied?
The SPEAKER. It has expired.
Mr. COX. I have demanded the previous
question on my resolution.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's resolution
goes over till Monday next.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I call for the reg-
ular order of business.
SUSPENSION OF NEW YOHK NEWSPAPERS.
Mr. PRUYN. Before the regular order of
business is called for, I ask the gentleman from
Maryland to allow me to submit a resolution to
the House in behalf of the New York delegation
on this side of the House, and perhaps to some
extent on the other, which we regard of great
importance. I ask that the-resolution may be
read for information.
Mr. GRINNELL. If the gentleman will allow
the resolution that 1 have offered to come in, I
will not offer any objection.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
resolution of the gentleman from New York will
be allowed to be read.
Mr. DAYIS, of Maryland. I do not object to
the resolution being read for information.
Mr. PRUYN. Before the resolution is read I
would like to say further on behalf of my associ-
ates that with the kind permission of the House
I shall beg to say a few words in explanation of
the reasons which have induced us to present
this resolution. I pledge myself, if that permis-
