S402
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 29,
The Chair decides that the gentleman from Illi-
nois is entitled to the floor.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to know whether
the rate of fare was changed in the original bill?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The sixth
section of this bill requires that the company
shall sell tickets at the rate of twenty-live for one
dollar. It was thought that would not work a
very great hardship upon the company, and that
it would beagreat favor to thepoorpeople ofthe
city, mechanics and others, who have to travel
from one end of the city to the other in going to
their daily avocations. The Senate, however,
inserted an amendment allowing the company to
charge an addition of two cents upon every pas-
senger for a transfer ticket, probably about one
third of the whole number of passengers.
Mr. SCHENCK. If the gentleman will yield
to me I desire to make one or two remarks.
Mr. HIGBY. I hope the gentleman from Illi-
nois will first be allowed to finish his statement
of what the committee have done.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I believe I
have stated the action of the committee.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 desire to know what the
action of the committee was in respect to the run-
ning of the cars on Sunday—whether they aban-
doned that?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I seem to
have been very unfortunate in making myself un-
derstood. I stated that the committee abandoned
that for the reason that the company already
have the right to run on Sunday and arc running
under the present law.
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire to know whether
the adoption of this report would not stop their
running on Sunday.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Of course
not; why phould it?
Mr. SCHENCK. I made the inquiry because
I think the subject is one of importance. As far
as I am concerned I would require them to put on
twice the usual* number on Sunday.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am asked
by a gentleman on my left whether we have al-
lowed tiie company to charge two cents additional
for ttansfer tickets. Notalall; we have required
them to sell twenty-live tickets for one dollar.
The Senate put in a provision allowing the com-
pany tocluuge two cents additional for the trans-
fer, but the committee did not allow it.
Mr. SCHENCK. I understood that the in-
troduction and passage by the House of the bill te-
quirmg the cars to be run on Sunday w^s con-
sidered hy iho company as instructions; thatthey
would not otherwise have commenced running on
that day. Now if we disagree to the Senate amend-
ments and do not compel them to do it, they will
drop back into their old practice. Those who
want to go to church or have a breath of fresh air
cannot he gratified.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gentle-
man from Ohio knows well enough that this com-
pany has the right to run on Sunday.
Mr. SCHENCK. But they have never done
it until we took action on the subject. When this
amendment was introduced and the House passed
it th<'y considered that an instruction to them.
They had the power before, but they never ran
the ears on Sunday. They only commenced
running them when we passed this amendment;
and if we now pass the bill m this shape they
will consider it an instruction to them not to run
on Sunday.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Inorderthat
the House may have an opportunity of deciding
on the question, I will yield the floor to the gen-
tleman irom Ohio to move that the House further
insists on its disagreement to the amendments of
the Senate, and asks for another committee of !
confei ence.
Mr. SCHENCK. I make that motion.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I now de-
mand ilit1 pievious question.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I ask the
Chair whether iho municipalities of Washington
ami Gem^etov/n have granted to this company
the io run on Sunday?
Tim -\PEAKER. Debate is not in order, the
previous question having been called, and the
Chair can only answer naihamentary questions
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Then 1
declare that they have not given this company
any buch authority.
Mr. COX. 1 move that the report of the com-
mittee of conference be laid upon the table.
The House divided; and there were—ayes 71,
noes 31.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So the report of the committee of conference
was laid upon the table.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to re-
consider the vote just taken.
Mr. COX moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid upon the table.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded
tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wash-
burne of Illinois, and Cox, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 76, noes 21.
So the motion to reconsider was laid upon the
table.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The SPEAKER stated that the question re-
curred on the following; amendment of thegentlc-
man from New York [Mr. Brooks] to the civil
appropriation bill:
That the joint committors on ventilation be authorized to
execute miidk plan tor increasing the ventilation of the two
Houses of Congress, not involving a change in their struc-
ture, and that the sum of$23,000 is hereby appropriated, or
so much thereof as may be necessaty, to cairy into effect
any plan that may be agreed upon by the committee as
aforesaid 01 by asnb-committec thereof.
The House divided; and there were—ayes 43,
noes 50.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY. I now submit the amend-
ment which I had unanimous consent to offer.
Add:
Pjorifferf, That negro testimony shall only he taken in the
United States com is in those Slates the laws ot which au-
thotize such testimony.
The House divided; and there were—ayes 41,
noes 57.
Mr. MALLORY demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were oidered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 47, nays GG, not voting 69; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ancona, Augustus C. Baldwin, Blair,
Bliv*, Brooks, Wdhnm (J. Blown, Chanler, CoHYoth, Cox,
Dawson, Denton, F.den, Edgerton, Fhlridtre, Finek, Hale,
Harding, Benjamin G. Ilariis, Chailes M. Ilains, Ilerriek,
Hohnan, William Johnson, Kornan, Knapp, Lazear, Le
Blond, Mallory, iMatoy,Jame-, iL,Motrin, Moriu>on, Noble,
John O'Neill, Pendleton, Petry, Robinson, Koss, William
G. Steele, Sides, Strou^e, Stnait, Thomas, Wadswoith,
Ward, Webster, Whaley, Wheeler, and Joseph W.
Whin—17.
NAYS—Messrs Alison, Ames, Arnold. Ashley, Baily,
John J). Baldwin, Ueanian, Blaine, Houtweil, Hoyd, Broom-
all, Jaincs S. Hrown, Colo, Thomas T. Davis, Dawes, Dom-
ing, Di\on, Donnelly, Duggs, Khot, Fauiswoith, Fenton,
Fiank, Gooch, lligby, Hooper, Ilotehkiss, Ilulhurd, Inger-
soll_, Jeuekes, Fianns VV. Kello g, Oiiuiwto Kellogg, Knox,
Litilejohn, Loan, Lon< >ear, MrKiule, McClurg, S.unuel
F. Miller,Moorhead, Mondl, Daniel Morns, Amos Myers,
Leonard Myers, Noiton, Chailes O'Neill, Patterson, Per-
hain, Alexander H. Rice, John II. Rict, Kdwaid H. Rollins,
SchencK, ScofieUl, Shannon, Smitheis, Spalding, Thayer,
Tracy, Upson, Van Valkenhuigh, Flihu B. Wathbuirie,
William B. Washburn, Williams, Wilder, Wilson, and
Windom—6t>
NOT VOTING—Mes-as. James O. Allen, William J.
Allen, Alley, Anderson, Baxter, Blow, Biaudegee, Anibiose
W. Clark, Fieeman Clarke, Clay, Cobb, Cravens, Cics-
well, Henry Winter Davis Duiuont, Lckley, English,
Gannon, Garfield, Glider, Grmnell, Griswoljj, Hall, Har-
rington, A-.ihel \V. Hubbard, John II. Hubbaul, Ilufbluns,
Philip Johnson, Julian. Kalhth'icch, Ka^on, Kelley, King,
Law, Long, .Marvin, MeAllistei, McDowell, Mctndoe, Mc-
Kinney, Middleton, William H. Miller, Nelson, Udell,
Oith, Pik'\ Pomcroy, Puce, Pruju, Radford, Samuel J.
Randall, William IL Rami.ill, Rogers, James S. Rollins,
Scott, Sloan, Smith, Stair, Stebbms, John B. Steele, Ste-
vens, Sweat, Vooihees, Chilton A. White, VViufield, Ben-
jamin Wood, Fernando Wood, Woodlmdge, and Yea-
man—G9.
So the amendment was rejected.
The question recurred upon concurring in the
amendment of the Senate, which was to add the
following proviso:
Proiidcd, That m the courts of the United States there
shall be no exclusion oh account of color, nor in civil
action because he is a paity to or interested in the ic&ue
tried.
Mr. IIOLMAN demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and itwas decided in
the affirmative—yeas-67, nays 47, not voting 68;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Arnold, Ashley, Daily,
John D. Baldwin, Beaman, Boutwell, Boyti, Binom.ill,
Cobb, Coje, Thomas T. Davis, Dawes, Denying, Di\on,
Donnelly, Driggs, Eckley, Ehot, Fauiswoith, Fenton,
Frank, Garfield, Gooch, lhgby, Hooper, Hotchkiss, IIuI-
burdjingersoll, Jenekes, Francis W. Kellogg, Orlando Kel-
logg, Knox, Litilejohn, Loan, Loncyear, McBride, Me-
Clurg, Moorhead, Morrill, Daniel Mortis, Amos Myers,
Leonaul Myers, Norton, Chailes O'Neill, Patterson, Per-
ham, Alexander II. Rice, John H. Rice, Edward U. Rollins,
Sehenek. Scolield, Shannon, Sloan. Smithers, Spalding,
Stevens, Thayer, Upson, Van Valkenhuigh, Ehhu B.
Washbutne,William B. Wasnbtun,Williams,"Wilder, Wil-
son, and Windom—67.
NAYS—Messrs. Ancona, Augustus C. Baldwin, Blair,
Bliss, Brooks, William G. Brown, Chanler, CofFioth, Daw-
son, Denison, Eden, Edgmon, Eldndge. Finok, Raiding,
Benjamin G. Ilairis, Charles M. ilairis, Jlenick, llolmaii,
William Johnson, Knapp, Le Blond, Mallmy, Maicy,
James li. Morris, Moiricon, Noble, John O'NetU, IYmile
ton, Perry, Samuel J. Randall, Robinson, Ros=, John B.
Steele, William G. Steele, Stiles, Strouse, Stuart, Thomas,
Tracy, VVadswoith, Ward, Webster, Wiialey, Wheeler,
Chilton A. White, and Joseph W. White—47.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. James C. Allen, Wilham J.
Allen, Alley, Anderson, Baxter, Blaine, Blow, Brandesree,
James S. Btown, Ambto-e XV. Claik, Fieeman Chuko,
Clay, Cox, Ciavens, Cioswell, Homv Winter Davis, Du-
mont, English, Ganson, Gndet, Griiniell, Griswold, Hale,
Ilall, Ilanington, Asahel XV. Ilubbaid, John H. Ilubbatd,
Hutelnns, Philip Johnson, Julian, Kalbfleisch, K.tsson,
Kelley, Kernan, Kimr, Law, Lazear, Long, Marvin, Mc-
Allister, McDowell, Melndoe,McKtnney, Middleton, Sam-
uel F. Miller, William II. Miller, Neison", Odell, Orth, Pike,
Pomeroy, Puce, Ptuyn, Iladtoid, William II. Randall,
Rogers, James S. Rolling Scott, Smith, Starr, Stebbms,
Sweat, Voorhees, Winfield, Benjamin Wood, Fernando
Wood, Woodbudue, and Yeasnan—Gtf.
So the amendment was concurred in.
During the roll-call,
Mr. L. MYERS stated that Mr. Kelley was
paired off with Mi*. Odell.
Mr. FARNSWORTLI stated that Mr. J. C.
Allen was paired off with Mr. Davis, of Mary-
land
Mr. INGERSOLL stated that Mr. Morri-
son was paired off.
Mr. MORRILL moved to reconsider the sev-
eral votes taken on the Senate amendments; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS moved that the House insist
upon its disagreement to the Senate amendment
to the bill, and request a committee of conference
on the disagreeing votes thereon.
The amendment was agreed to.
tariff bill.
Mr. MORRILL. I rise to make a reportfrom
the committee of conference on the bill (II. II.
No. 494) to increase duties on imports, and for
other purposes. As the report is lengthy I will
not ask to have it read, but i will make a state-
ment of what lias been done by the committee of
conference, and then if gentlemen desire to ask
any questions upon any point I will answer as
far as I am able.
One of the first amendments upon which the
two Houses disagreed was that in relation to wood
screws. The internal tax levied upon tluitaiticle
was 10 per cent, or 5 per cent, higher than upon
anything else save jewelry. The Senate, there-
fore, saw fit to raise the tariff upon them to some-
thing like 2^ or 3 cents per pound. The tariff
was fixed in the House on the idea of a tax of
only 5 per cent, perpound. The conference com-
mittee agreed to reduce the amount 1 cent per
pound.
The amendment of the Senate on old scrap iron
was $7 in lieu of $9 per ton. The conference com-
mittee agreed upon $8. The Senate amendments
in relation to wool were all agreed to with one
single exception. Their amendment in relation
to scoured wool placed the duty at four times tiie
late provided for other wool, it was fixed at
three times.
The Senate amendment increasing the duty
upon silk, singles, tiam, thrown, and organzme,
was reduced trom 40 to 33 per cent, ad valorem.
The Senate amendment striking out the excep-
tion of raw silk to the 10 per cent, addition upon
goods the production of places east of the Cape
of Good Hope when imported from places west
of the Cape of Good Hope was not agreed to, but
the provision was left so that raw ?nlk, singles,
tram, thrown,and organzme, and raw cotton were
excepted from the general rule of 10 per cent, ad-
dition upon all goods imported from other and
