1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOftE.
sion be granted, not to occupy but a very few
minutes. I ask that the resolution be read.
The Clerk then read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That the conduct of the executive authority
of the Government in recently closing the offices and sup-
pressing the publication of tile World and Journal of Com-
merce, newspapers in the city of New York, under circum-
stances which have been placed before the public, was an
act unwarranted in itself, dangerous to the cause of the
Union, in violation of the Constitution, and subversive of
the principles of civil liberty, and as such is hereby censured
by this House.
Mr. KELLOGG, ofMichigan, and other mem-
bers objected.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. The reason why
I will not yield to the gentleman from New York
to offer that resolution is that the gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Grinnell] submitted a resolution of
inquiry on the same subject, and it was objected
to from that side of the House. I now ask that
my resolution be read.
Mr. COX. I will say to the gentleman from
Maryland that if there was any objection on this
side of the House to the resolution of the gentle-
man from Iowa it will be withdrawn, provided you
will give us an opportunity to amend it. All we
want is to obtain the facts for the people, and to
express our censure of this cowardly and base at-
tempt to suppress the freedom of the press.
FRENCH IN MEXICO.
Mr. DA"VlS, of Maryland. I ask the Clerk to
read my resolution.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Whereas the following announcement appeared in the
Moniteur, the official journal of the French Government:
" Le eouvernement de " The Emperor's Govern-
l'Empereur a regu du gou- ment has received from that
vernement dea Etats-Unis ofthe United States satisfac-
des explications satisfai- tory explanations as to the
santes sur le. sens et la port6e sense and bearing of the res-
de la resolution prise par olution come toby the House
l'assemblee des representans of Representatives at Wash-
k Washington, au sujet des ington relative to Mexico,
affaires du Mexico.
"On sait, d'ailleurs, que "Itisknown,besides,that
le Senat avait deja ajournS the Senate had indefinitely
indGfinement l'examen de postponed the examination
cette resolution, a laquelle, of that question, to which
dans tous les cas, le pouvoir in any case the executive
executif n'efit point ac- power would not have given
cordf: ea sanction."—Moni- its sanction."
leur.
Therefore,
Resolved, That the President be requested to communi-
cate to this House, if not inconsistent with the public in-
terest, any explanations given by the Government of the
United States to the Government of France respecting the
sense and bearing of the joint resolution relative to Mexico,
winch passed the House of Representatives unanimously
oil the 4th of April, 1864.
Mr. SWEAT. I object.
Mr. DA VIS, of Maryland. I move that the rules
be suspended for the purpose I have indicated.
Mr. DAWSON. I hope there will be no objec-
tion to the resolution.
The resolution was again read.
Mr. SWEAT. At the first reading of the res-
olution 1 did not have the same understanding of
it that I do now, and I therefore withdraw my
objection.
Mr. COBB. I renew the objection.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I move that the
rules be suspended.
Mr. ARNOLD. I rise to a question of order.
I make the point that this is a call for informa-
tion on one of the Executive Departments, and
must under the rules lie over for one day.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mary-
land moves to suspend that and all other rules.
Mr. COX. I suggest to the gentleman from
Maryland that the resolution might be enlarged
to include all the correspondence relative to the
subject. ... ,
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I think that the
resolution covers the ground.
The rules were suspended.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland, demanded the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the opeiation
thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the resolution was
adopted; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DUTIES ON IMPORTS.
Mr. STEVENS, by unanimous consent, from
the Cojnmittee of Ways and Means, reported a
joint resolution amendatory of the joint resolu-
tion to increase temporarily the duties on imports
approved April 29, 1864, which was read a first
and second time.
The resolution was read in extenso, as follows:
Whereas a joint resolution of Congress to increase tempo-
rarily the dunes on imports was approved by the President
on the 29th of April'at thirty minutes past seven o'clock,
p. m., but was not promulgated until the day following, to
wit, April 30,1864: Therefore,
Resolved, That the resolution shall not be deemed to
have taken effect until the said 30th day of April, 1864;
and the snid resolution shall not be construed to include
goods in public store or bonded warehouse, or bonded for
warehousing or transportation prior to the said 30th day
of April, 1884; and any duties which shall have been ex-
acted and received contrary to the provisions of this reso-
lution fchall be refunded by the Secretary ofthe Treasury.
Mr. STEVENS. I have merely to say that
upon consultation with the Treasury Department
I ascertained that although the Secretary felt
bound by the decision ofthe Supreme Court which
would hold this resolution operative on Friday,
although no one had notice of it, and it was not
signed untilhalf past seven o'clock in the evening,
yet he thought it unjust, and desires to have it
amended accordingly. Many merchants who paid
that day at the old rates have been called upon to
pay according to the new rates, which are fifty
per cent, in advance of the old. I look upon that
as evidently unjust; and the Secretary looks upon
it in the same way.
Mr. BROOKS. I am glad the honorable gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania has introduced that res-
olution, as a matter of justice to the country, and
especially to the importers ofthe city ofNe w York,
which I in part represent. But permit me to re-
mark that this resolution only shows the perilous
mode in which this House does business. We
do a thing one Monday with great rapidity, and
we have to undo it on the next Monday. I am
very glad that this legislation is being undone.
Mr. STEVENS. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be put; and under
the operation thereof the resolution was ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
last taken; and wlso moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NORTHERN PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce a bill for the purpose of having it printed
and recommitted.
The bill was read by its title, as follows: !'A
bill granting land to aid in the construction of a
lailroad and telegraph line from Lake Superior to
Puget sound on the Pacific coast by the northern
route."
Mr. SPALDING. I object.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to suspend the rules.
•Mr. WILSON. I rise to a question of order.
I desire to know whether that subject has been
referred to the committee since they last reported
—they being a select committee.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman offered the
bill as a member, and moves to have it referred to
the committee.
Mr. WILSON. I understood thegentleman to
say that he reported it, and moved to recommit it.
The SPEAKER. If he did, then it might not
be in order. •
Mr. STEVENS. The committee had before
them two bills upon this subject.
The SPEAKER. Then they have the right.
Mr. WILSON. They have reported upon the
two bills winch were referred to them. They
made up their report upon the two bills.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state also,
that a bill has been referred to that committee to-
day, and that would revive the committee. But
the committee, is not discharged, because they
state that they have uuder consideration several
matters referred to them.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, called for the
yeas and nays upon the motion to suspend the
rules, and also tejlers upon the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The rules were suspended, and
Mr. STEVENS reported the bill, which was
read a first and second time, and recommitted to
■ the committee.
Mr. WILSON moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was recommitted; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider, on the table,, (
There being, on a division—ayes 3I>;noes <J3,
Mr. WILSON withdrew the motion. ;
The SPEAKER. The gentleman,asks that
the bill may be'printed. -
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object. '
The SPEAKER. A majority can order the
printing.
The motion to print was agreed to. * .,
LEAVE Of ABSENCE.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask leave
of absence for two weeks for my colleague, Mr.
Norton, on account of ill health. I desire to say
that he is paired with Mr. Stuart.
Leave of absence was granted accordingly.  
SUSPENSION OF NEWSPAPERS IN NEW YORK.
Mr. PRUYN. I more to suspend the rules in
order to introduce the resolution which was sub-
mitted by me a few moments ago in reference to
the World and the Journal of Commerce, arid
which was submitted by me in behalf of all (ny
associates seated upon this side of the House.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask the gentleman to al-
low us to go to the consideration of the appro-
priation bill which'we were upon Friday. It is
of more importance.
Mr. PRUYN. I consider this subjectof greater
importance to the country than any other.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. PRUYN. I simply wish to ask leave of
the House for a purpose which I will state. I
beg leave to ask permission of the House, before
the vote is taken on my motion to suspend the
rules, not only for myself but for all my friends
upon this side of the House who form a part of
the New York delegation'
Mr. WILSON. I object.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks what the
gentleman is saying is in the nature of debate.
Mr. PRUYN. I say on behalf of myself and
others, and they could not all rise.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is in the
nature of debate.
Mr. PRUYN. I ask leave of the House to
present to the House very briefly the reasons
which have led me to present the resolution, and
then I will ask leave to offer it.
Mr. WILSON, and Mr. DAVIS of Maryland,
objected.
Mr. PRUYN. I move, then, that the rules be
suspended to enable me to offer the resolution.
Mr. KERN AN demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and there were—yeas
54, nays 79; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Augustus C. Baldwin,
Bliss, Brooks, James S. Brown, Chanler, Coffroth, Cox,
Dawson, Demson, Eden, Edgerton, Eldridge, Finck, Gri-
der, Harding, Charles M. Hams, Herrick, Holmati, Hutclw
ins, Philip Johnson, William Johnson, Kalbfleiscil,Kernan,
King, Knapp, I.aw, Lazear, Mallory, Marcy, McAllister,
McDowell, William H. Miller, Morrison, Nelson, Noble,
John O'Neill, Pendleton, Pruyn, Radford, Samuel J. Ran-
dal, Robinson, James S. Rollins, Ross, Scott, John B.
Steele, William G. Steele, Strouse, Vooriiees, Wads-
worth, Ward, Wheeler, Joseph W. White, and Fernando
Wood—54.
NAYS—Mf>csrf\ Alley, Ames, Arnold,-John D. Baldwin,
Baxter, Beam.™, Jacob B. Blair, Blow, Boutwell, Boyd,
Broomali, William G. Brown, Ambrose W. Clark, Free-
man Clarke, Cobb, Cole, Creswell, Henry Winter Davis,
Thomas T. Davis, Dawes, Dealing, Dixon, Donnelly,
Driggs, Eckley, Eliot, Farnsworth, Garfield, Gooch, Grin-
nell, Higby, Hooper, Hotchbiss, Asahei W. Hubbard, In-
geisoll, Jenckes, Jnlian, Kelley, Francis W. Kellogg, Loan,
Longyear, Marvin, McBiide, McClurg, Samuel F. Miller,
Mooihead, Morrill, Amos Myers, Leonard Myers, Charles
O'Neill, Orth, Patterson, Perham, Pike, Pomeroy, Price,
William H. Randall, John H. Rice, Edward H. Rollins,
Schenek, Scofleld, Shannon, Sloan, Smith, Smitliers,
Spalding; Stevens, Thayer, Thomas, Upson, Elihu B.
Washhnrne, William li. Washburn, Webster, Whaley,
Williams, Wilder, Wilson, Winduin, and W oodbridge—79.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof) the
rules were not suspended.
During the ro4l-call,
Mr. KERNAN stated that Mr. Ganson was
absent from the city, being one of the committee
appointed to attend the remains of General Wads-
worth.
Mr. RADFORD made a similar statement in
regard to Mr. Winfield.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania, stated that
Mr. Ancona had been called home by sickness
in his family.
The result qf the vote having been announced
as above recorded,
