1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman will not hear
my amendment unless ho will yield the floor for
me to offer it unci speak upon it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to know
whether the gentleman from Massachusetts de-
sires to yield the floor.
Mr. ALLEY. Yes, sir, I will yield the floor
and hear what the gentleman from Pennsylvania
has to say.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to substitute the fol-
lowing for the first amendment of the Senate:
ProviJq'U That the lowest bidder at the recent letting
shall decline or refuse within twenty days after the pas-
sage of this act to enter into a contiuct, with jjood and
sutlicient bureUes, to pertoim the said mail .service.
Mr. ALLEY. I have no objection to that
amendment being offered, and if i cannot con-
vince the House that it would bo a most unwise
policy to adopt it I will not quarrel with the de-
cision.
Mr. STEVENS. Now, sir, when this lull was
up before it was some days before the bids had
been opened. There had been regular advertise-
ment, and sealed bids had been leceived and were
m the Depui tment. Theircontents were unknown
to anybody m point of law before the gentleman
introduced his bill. He brought befoio the*House
a bill to continue the contract with the present
contractors another year at the old price of
§1,000,1)00.
Mr. ALLEY. I beg the gentleman's pardon
if he will allow me to correct his statement; the
price was $330,000.
Mr. STEVENS. Well, sir, it was the old
pi ice.
Mr. ALLEY. It was, but not $1,000,000.
Mr. STEVENS. 11 was ,000,000 m the first
place, but it was finally arranged to send a por-
tion of the mail aiound by watei, and I believe
$150,000 which was deducted from the overland
contractors was paid for sending a p-ation of the
mail b> water. The gentleman's bill was tocon-
tinue the contract with the same conuactors tor
another year.
Mr. ALLEY. I ask the gentlem'an to allow
me to correct his statement a«;am. It was not for
a year but for nine months. The contract was to
continue fiom the 1st of October next io the 1st of
July following.
Mr. STEVENS. Very well, it wan to con-
tinue up to the time of the legular mail-letting.
Weil, sir, at that time 1 did not know that theie
was a single bid in. 1 knew the bill was an ex-
traordinary one, 1 knew something of the con-
tractors; 1 had information that a man fiom my
town was to put in a bid, but I had noknowlcdge
of any other hiddei at that tune, and 1 b'-j^ged of
the gentleman to allow the measure to be post-
poned until the Monday, following when the bids
wt'je to be opened. Thegentleman did not Junk
it piopor, but said that the Govei nrnotit would
have to pay $1,000,000 more by tins postpone-
ment. 1 undeistand him now to change by say-
ing that the Government can get it loi half a mil-
lion doliais less.
Mr. ALLEY. The gentleman will allow me
to correct him again. 1 then said that the Gov-
ernment I thought would save sev-'iil hundred
thousand dollars, and perhaps a imlhon. My
judgment is that by the adaption of this joint
resolution, if the Postmaster Gi neial shflll act
on it, we shall save a million do'ilais. I think I
shall be able to show that, if not to bis satisfac-
tion, at least to the satisfaction of the Mouse.
Mr. STEVENS. At that time the House, be-
lieved from what the gentleman said that unless
we acted on it then, as every thing was increasing
in price, we would have to pay an enormous sum
for carrying this mail at private contract, llence
he ad vocated giving it to the old eontiaetor at the
same price.
When the bids came to be opened it turned out
that one of them, a responsible party fiom my
own county, had offered to do it for £750,000,
§100,000 less than the amount contained in the
resolution. Another bidder, oneot the sub-con-
tractors for two thirds of the route, odeied to do
it for fr820,u00. Some days afu r the bid* were
opened somebody connected wnh thePo.st Off.' e
D< partment, with the authority ol t!u. Posciua^ti r
General no doubt, intnontod to tnt losv-'At buidei
at Lancaster thathe had better withdraw nis hid
—that something was going on that would make
it desirable. He telegraphed to the Department
to withdraw his bid. In answer he received from
the Department a notice dated Washington, June
15, 1864, the day after the bids were opened. I
believe that it was the next day.
I may say here that by law no man is allowed
to withdraw his bid after the bids have been
opened. After that the sureties are liable if the
contractor fails to fulfill the contract for all the
damages that may be sustained in consequence.
After what I have stated took place Mr. Hies-
tand, the lowest bidder, received fiom the Post
Office Department a communication thatthe Post-
master General had accepted his proposal under
the advertisement of March 22, 1864, for carry-
ing the United States mail from the 1st of Octo-
ber, ISC'l, to September 30, 186S, on route No.
42626, between Atchison, Kansas, and Folsom,
jn the State of California, at $750,000 a year, with
celerity, ceitainty, and secant}'.
Air. ALLEY. The gentleman states thatthat
was the day aft>T the day on which the bids were
opened. That letter was written the afternoon of
the day that his pi oposal was accepted. The next
morning a telegiam was leceived fiom the party
withdrawing ins bid.
Mr. STEVENS. The advertisement was, 1
think, that they should be opened on tlio 13th. It
does not make any diffoience. The bids ceased
on the 14th.
Mr. ALLEY. They were leceived up to the
morning of the 15th, and after the bids were opened
this letter was sent to this party. *
Mr. STEVENS. It docs not make any dif-
ference. It goes on to say that the contract should
be executed by himself and security, and sent on
immediately. Service was to begin piomptiy on
the 1st of October, whether the enntmct be exe-
cuted or not. Mr. iliesUnd, as soon as he le-
ceived that notice from Assistant Postmaster Gen-
eral McLellan, wrote the following letter:
Wa-xiino'ion, June *21. ISG4.
DbauSiii* Having teceived ;i notice fiom Geoige W.
McLHlau, E>q , Second Assistant i>o.>Umi-=ter, that I was
the lowest bid.iei tor the oveil.ind mail service, and that
the j-amu has been aw.uded to me toi tin' -liin ol $7o0,000,
1 am heio prepaicd !o execute the neco^aiy bond-* tbi the
pciiniiiiauee ol the .-eivtce.
Awaiuiiu \our pleu^ute, M-jvciliiltv your-*, &.c.,
JOJi V A. HICriTAND.
lion. Mi. Blair, PoUmailer Gcncial.
Address No. 23 Wdl.ndN Hotel.
Now, sir, the Senate amended that after it went
theie authouzing it to be given to the old con-
tiactois at that puce, or to any other responsible
bidder. Now, there is hut one responsible bidder
for $6:20,000. Tins has been done when the lowest
.bidder has been notified that he will be held
whether he gives bond oi not. Is this thing to
be got. up for the benefit of these people m this
wa y ?
if, as the gen'leman says, it can he taken for
less, why was it not bid for at a less price ? And
if it cost more, Air. Hiesland is notified that he
will be held to his contiact, whether he executes
a new contract or nor. fie had given two suie-
ties, and the three are worth more than all the
difference hetwt en that bid and she sum at which
it is now to be given away. 1 say this thing is
extraoidinary, unpuiaihlid, unjust, and suspi-
cious, to say the least of it.
I do not wish to detain the House long, hut I
do wish to have them understand exactiy how
this thing has been earned on. This legislation
was not introduced because Air. lleistand de-
clined to take the contract, because it was intro-
duced weeks before. The bill passed this House
befoie the bids were opened at all. The ehamnan
ofthe Counniitee on the PobtOfiicc and Post Roads
infused to give time until the next Monday until
the bids should be opened, because, he stud, of
the enormous lo^se^ which would be inflicted
upon the Government if we did not pass it in-
stantly; and it was lushed through on account of
the known integi ity of the gentleman and the re-
liance which could be put on his word. Had any-
body else taken that course it would have been
consideied suspicious.
Mr. ALLEY. I did withdraw the previous
qucstiwii to allow the ^cntlenvn from Pennsylva-
nia to say what he desired to say. The House
was convinced by the xn.temenbs made, am! tf
was upon the statements and arguments presented
that the House putsued the couise they did.
Air. STEVENS. i only asked that the bill
should be postponed until the following Monday,
but the gentleman insisted that great wrong would
be done the country unless the bill was passed
then. 1 did not have the facts before me then,
and did not know who had put in bids; but still
I thought the proceedings strange. Nobody
would know the bids if the matter was honesfly
conducted in the Department. Nobody had the
right to suppose that the Government was going
to lose anything, and to come here arid say so,
because the contract was not let, and the bids
should have been a secret in fact to everybody.
I say this is a most alarming species of legis-
lation, without regard to the Question of the loss
of fifty thousand or of a half million dollars. It
is the most alarming species of legislation i have
ever seen introduced nuo Congress, and I have
seen very stiange things here,
Mr. ALLEY. 1 hope I shall have the atten-
tion of the House to this matter for a few mo-
ments, for ltW all in a n.utshell. I will begin at
the commencement and show the House the pre-
cise state of the case. It is very well known to
the members of the House that this overland mail
contract is a big one, that it requires a large out-
lay, and considerable time to arrange for the ful-
fillment of the contract. The Senate early in the
session passed a bill which came to the House and
was referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads of the House, authorizing the
Postmaster General to contract wifh this over-
land company for four years upon the same terms
that they had had it for tiie last four years. I
thought, for one, that it was a very exorbitant
sum to pay for the services rendered. I thought
then, and 1 believe now, that those services can
be rendered for less than half a million dollars
and be amply remunerative to the contractors.
1 have examined the subject most thoroughly,
and have been over every item of expense with
the parties in interest, with these contractors and
with others, and I have listened patiently to all
they had to say. I have made a multitude of fig-
ures m connection with estimates upon it, and I
believe I know as much about it as any other
person; and it is my deliberate and firm convic-
tion that whoevei gets this contract for $500,000
gets a contract which will be not only amply le-
muncrative, but that he will make a. large fortuno
out of it, upon a basis of anything like a sound
currency. Therefore I was opposed to the Sen-
ate bill. In consequence of that Senate bill, and of
the action ofthe House on this matter, a note was
sent to the Postmaster General by a member of
the Post Office Committee in the Senate, request-
ing him to withdraw the advertisement for a new
contract on account of this pending legislation,
and stating that the note was written by the au-
thoiity of the Post Office Committee. The Post-
mastei General aefed m good faith, as I believe,
and in accordance with that request withdrew the
I advertisement. Some weeks subsequently to this
! a new advertisement was published soliciting new
! bids, and from conversation with parties m inter-
est, parties who were original bidders under the
former advertisement, from the dissatisfaction ex-
pressed by paities all around,and from the opin-
ion ofthe Postmaster General, without any defi-
nite previous knowledge in reference to the bids,
I became convinced that the Government would
be placed in the power of a few individuals, and
that unless some action were taken immediately,
the prospect was that the Government would be
obliged to pay $1,000,000 or more for this service
for the next lour years, which was not in my
opinion worth half the money.
What was to be done? The business of the
House was so blocked up for weeks and months
that the Post Office Committee could not get in
any report. I tried once, twice, thrice, and again
to get in a report, but could not succeed. The
time had almost expired. Under these circum-
stances, after conference with the Post Olfice De-
partment, seeing the exact state of things, and
knowing that the Government would be liable to
be grossly cheated unless some action were taken,
1 did propose that action, and I begged the House
to pass that joint resolution. The House iist-
! ened attentively, wa* convinced by my reasons
IJ and ai <;un\ents, n< twithstanding the opposition of
■' the distingui^lud gentleman fiom Pennsylvania,
\ and adopted my proposition.
j! The gentleman fiom Pennsylvamasays he did
II not know anything about the bids, and lie resisted
j] the measure. He told me m conversation that it
