1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
407
virtually imposed by the President himself upon jj
the act of July 17, 1$62. That act as drawn was
intended to work a complete forfeiture of the real
and personal estate of. the classes of offenders
designated by it. Congress, under duress per
minus from the President, as we are told,limited,
by their joint resolution of July 17,1862, the for-
feiture of real estate under the act to the life of
the offender; The object of all the propositions
now before the House on the subject is to remove
that limitation.
The real issue, then, raised by this debate, as
is manifest from the tenor of the arguments on
both sides, is the issue of absolute, sweeping con-
fiscation, either by legislation and judicial pro-
cess, assumed to be within and according to the
Constitution, or by the laws and process of war
outsi'de of the Constitution.
Upon that issue, were there no constitutional
limitations or limitations of belligerent rights un-
der the law of nations to affect it, 1 would op-
pose the joint resolution now before the House
and the amendments pioposed to it, on the broad
grounds of Christian humanity and public pol-
icy. Assuming for the Federal Government all
the rights and power of war elairggd for it by
thegentlemanfromTennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,]
the spirit that would prompt their use to the ex-
tent he contemplates is the tyrant's spirit, not the
patriot's nor the philanthropist's, it is never
wise nor well, sir, for any Government to do all
in the way of punishment or revenge toward its
own people or an alien people that it has power
to do. On the contrary, we are told by a wise
master of human nature that
" Earthly power doth thon show likost God'-?,
When meicy seasons justicc."
I have therefore felt it to be my duty to say
something, more by way of general discussion
than of legal argument, for that has fallen to abler
hands, upon the questions involved in this debate.
And first, my sense of what is due to my posi-
tion as one of the minority here leads me to allude
briefly to some offensive remaiks addressed to us
by gentlemen on the other side of the House.
We have been told,sir, by one gentlema f[Mr.
Lovejoy] that wo were here without a constitu-
ency; by another [Mr. Davis] that we weie sent
here to embarrass the Ad ministration, and that our
support was not needed and would be looked upon
with suspicion; and the word traitors was almost
used by another gentleman [Mr. Spalding] in
alluding to the Democracy ofOhio; while the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] spoke
of the Democratic party generally as an " odious
party, inspired by the love of slavery alone,"
and destined to " sink into utter contempt and be
despised of all men."
Sir, I shall not comment upon the spirit that
evidently animated these remarks, further than to
say that it is one not friendly to the wise and
patriotic legislation which the peril of this na-
tion now demands, and to further say that if the
gentlemen on the other side will look to the re-
turns of the fall elections of 1863,1 think they will
find that the minority represent upon this iloor
the opinions, the patriotism, and the determined
purpose of not less than one million and a half of
free intelligent electors in the States from whence
we come; andj sir, thai purpose is firm that neither
the Federal Executive, of whose revolutionary
policy and unconstitutional edicts the majority of
this House seem to be the willing echoes and in-
struments, nor the revolutionary confederation
governed by Jefferson Davis, shall ever destroy
the Federal Union, or the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, which is its life and its bend.
Our constituency, Mr. Speaker, arc interested in
the Union and the Constitution. They have in them
an estate of inheritance which they highly value.
The history and glory of the Union belong to them
as well as to the constituents of themajonty. Our
hearthstones and roof-trees, our wiv< s and chil-
dren, our lands and goods, our persons and our
rights of every name and degree, are as much en-
titled to be, and claim as much to be, under the
aegis of the Constitution, as are, or can claim to
be, those of the majority. Sir, if the gentlemen
on the other side of this House claim to be friends
of the Union, we know we are its friends; if they
claim to respect the Constitution, we know that
we honor it in thought, in word, and in deed, in
the tiue sense in which Washington honored it,
as the palladium of American liberty.
The people of tfce United States, u respective of
party name', are in the broad and just sense of the
term the constituents of every Representative on
this floor, and he is illy fitted for a place here
whose mind and heart cannot do justice and deal
in equity with the rights and interests of the peo-
ple of every State and section of the United Stages.
There are rights of States, as sovereignties and
bodies politic, and rights of persons under the
Constitution, for which we are here to speak, to
deliberate, and to vote; and as one, if but an hum-
ble one, of the minority, I believe I but utter their
united voice when I say they will manfully do their
duty in that regard, heedless of the taunts or
threats of the majority.
I have no ambition, Mr. Speaker, to distinguish
myself in this House as one among the number
of the destroyers of the constitutional sovereignty
of Federal. States. It is no part of my creed, as
I understand it to be the creed of the gentleman
from Maryland, [Mr. Davis,] that "State rights
are national wrongs." On the contrary, I believe
that State rights, in the true constitutional sense
of the term, are rights, not wrongs; and when I
took my oath ofofliceto support the Constitution
of the United States I felt that it bound me as
much and as sacredly to respect here by my voice
and votes, and elsewhere by word and deed, the
constitutional rights and sovereignty of insulted
Maryland and down-trodden Delaware, within
their constitutional sphere and jurisdiction, as it
bound me to respect and support the rights and
sovereignty of the United States in their sphere.
For one, sir, I have noicspcct for nor sympathy
with the assassins of the constitutional rights of
any Federal State of this Union, much less when
the assassin's parricidal hand is turned against the
State which gave him birth and to which he owes
allegiance. 1 have no sympathy with that spirit
of Jacobin ferocity displayed by some of the lead-
ers of the Administration, who, in their thirst for
blood and confiscation, are already rivaling the
worstdays of the Frcnch Revolution, when Heav-
en-defying crime waded knee-deep in blood, under
the banner of " liberty, equality, and fraternity."
Sir, as I look upon the troubled scone of our
national affairs I see three powerful parties orcorn-
binahons struggling for mastery, and shaping our
destiny as apeople for weal or woe. Theyare: 1.
The party of secession, led by Jefferson Davis
and his coadjutors in tieason, rebellion, insui-
rection, or revolution—lcaie not what name you
give it—who ate endeavoting by war to destroy
the constitutional Union and Government of the
United States. 2. The paity of the Federal Ad-
ministration, a political paity of man}' incongru-
ous elements and conflicting pi inciples, assuming
to itself the name of Union party, intolerant even
to fanaticism in its opinions, bold and violent in
its declared purpose of crushing out rebellion, but
at the same time daily asserting and exercising
despotic power in the Federal Government, and,
by Executive edicts, by congressional legislation,
and by military power combined, working a
radical levolution destructive of the basis and
principles of the Fedeial system of constitutional
Government. 3. The consei vative or true Union
party, better known by the historic name that has
distinguished it almost from the adoption of the
Constitution as the Democratic party, which, re-
taining its cardinal principles and distinctive or-
ganization as the party of the people, is resisting
a!i efforts to destroy the Federal Governmentfiom
whatever source they come, as well as all efforts
to subvert or destroy States, and is aiming always,
whether it uses the powei of war or the spirit and
arguments of peace, to restore the disturbed bal-
ance of the Constitution, by recognizing and main-
taining both national and State rights and hiingmg
all into the healthy and beneficent action of peace
and reunion under the Constitution.
The gentleman from Maryland and his coadju-
tors here or elsewhere may affect to despise as
much as they please the support of the minority
m tli is House, or of the constituents we represent;
but 1 say to the gentleman, that which lie should
know, or will know, pcichancc, before many
moons have waxed and waned, that our constit-
uents, already numbering, as I have said,a million
and a half of fieeboi n eleetois, are yet a power m
this Union of States; a power whether for peace
or for war; a political power at the bailot-box,
and a material power for war. Without their aid
this Union cannot be rescued, and without their
aid itcannot be destroyed. Reviled and despised
as theyare by party opponents of more zeal than
knowledge, or of more malice than patriotism,
the conservative Democratic party of the United
States, as it will be organized and represented and
led in the grand contest of 1864, will hold in its
hands the issue of these days of peril—Union or
no Union, Constitution or no Constitution; and
they mean that that issue shall be settled ac-
cording to the Constitution and laws of the land;
not otherwise. I warn the gentlemen who taunt
us with having no constituency, and scoff at our
and their support, that they do not too much ig-
nore nor despise the constituency we represent;
for, sir, it is often as true of parties as of men,
grown proud by ill-deserved success,that" pride
goeth before destruction, and a haughty spirit be-
fore a fall." These, sir, are my answersto those
gentlemen in this House who, arrogant with the
power of their majority, daily insult us and the
constituents we represent with taunts, which, to
saylhe best of them, are not the arguments of
statesmen.
In the joint resolution now under consideration
and m the proposed amendment of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] I see the evi-
dence of two distinct ideas as to the mode of pro-
ceeding to reach the common object of the majori-
ty in regaid to the subject-matter of the resolution,
namely, the confiscation absolute andcomplete of
the lands or real estate of the southern insurgents.
The policy, now no longer concealed, but openly
declared, not only in the speech of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, but declared m this very Hall
a few evenings ago, and loudly applauded,in pres-
ence of the Presidenthimself, who was then, with
like applause, renominated for a second terrn of
office, as the exponent and representative of that
policy, demands that the territory, the actual
soil of the southern States in insurrection, shall
come under the control of the Federal Government,
so that it can vest absolute titles in fee in the per-
sons, white or black, to whom that Government
may grant it by sale or gift. Absolute title is
wanted and must be had, or the party in power,
now thoroughly educated into themost radical ab-
olition policy, will fail in the purpose which has
become its grand controlling purpose in this war.
This purpose is no other than the absolute subju-
gation of the southern or slave States, to the
northern or anti-slavery States, and a complete
revolution in the whole political and facial sys-
tem of the slave States, reorganizing them, on the
northern or New England basis—a basis clearly
declaied in well-seeming words by#thc present
head of thc'Depnrtment of State, ma speech made
at Chicago mOctober, 1S60, when he said t.hatthe
creed of the Republican party was that
"Freedom to be lnnnitainrd and cariied on on this
continent h> Fedeial Stales, IkimhI upon the principled of
life soil, fiee labor,free speech, equal rights, and universal
suffrage.*'
The Chief Magistrate, to whose proclamations
sworn assent is now demanded as a test or crite-
rion of loyalty, and to which it is expected that
Congress and'ihc courts of law are alike to give
the character of law, paramount even to that or-
ganic law by which the presidential office is cre-
ated and its poweis defined, years ago declared
that the Union could not permanently endure half
slave and half free: and now, to the demonstration
of the truth of what when spoken was but the
pretentiously oracular utterance of an obscure
politician, the whole power of the United States
is to be made subsidiary and subordinate even to
the removal of the landmarks of property and the
upturning of social systems and the virtual anni-
hilation of the Constitution. Without the ap-
proval of historic piecedent, or the sanction of
sound political philosophy or of true Christian
philanthropy, a grand Utopian experiment to
"wash the Etluop white" is to be made at once
ateveiy costand hazard. And here, sir, I would
remark that men have not been wanting, and they
weie many, who, while the irrepressible conflict
between free and slave Slates was proclaimed by
those now wielding the powersof the FederalGov-
ernment, clearly foresaw and gave warning that
civil war and disunion in the United States were
the inevitable results of that conflict if rashly con-
tinued to be urged upon the people. The last
three years have but proved the truth of history,
that wisdom and warning are alike lost on men
inflamed with the wild zeal of fanaticism, whether
