im
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
April 7,
the Secretary of the Navy failed to avail himself
of the opportunity to raise se^pien by establish-
ing; ft recruiting rendezvous in the State of Iowa,
•when the Senator might have known as well as £
know that there is not. one seaman or an ordi-
nary seaman to every bundled thousand of the
people .of the State of Iowa. There are not ten
seamen in the State; and the chief of that bu-
reau very properly decided that he would not go
to the expense of establishing a recruiting ren-
dezvous in Iowa for the purpose of raising lands-
men, when there could be plenty of landsmen se-
cured at the recruiting rendezvous already estab-
lished. It was not landsmen but seamen and
ordinary seamen, professional trained sailors, that
they wanted. -
After he had made this speech, then was the
first time that I heard, or that anybody in this
body, so far as I know, certainly the first time
that the Presiding Officer of the body knew that
he had raised any objection; and I stated what
was the fact, that nobody so far as I knew had
heard him raise an objection to the consideration
of the bill. I can only repeat what I then said or
intended to say, that I did not hear him make the
objection; and so far as I know no one heard him
make it at the time.
KB POUTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. DOOLITTLE, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, to whom was referred a petition
of citizens of Oiegon and the Territory of Wash-
ington, praying that the two Indian superintend-
ences of Oregon and Washington Territory may
be consolidated, and that that State and Territory
may constitute one lndiansupermtendency,asked
to be discharged from its further consideration;
which was agreed to.
He also, fiom the same committee, to whom
was referred a petition of the confederate bands
of Wea, Peoria, Kaskaskia, and Piankeshaw In-
dians, praying that provision be make for the pay-
ment of the amount alleged to be due them under
the treaty of May 30, 1854, asked to be discharged
fromitsfurthci consideration; which wasagreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred the
memoml of Carlisle Doble, praying compensa-
tion for services rendcied and expenditures made
in transpoi tmif the United States mail between
Taylor'.-* Falls, Ahnm\<;ota, and Superior, Wis-
consin, from April to November, 1857, submitted
a report accompanied by a joint resolution (S.
No. 40) for the relief of Carlisle Doble.
The joint resolution was read and passed to a
second reading, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. HALE. The Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, to whom was refened a petition of staff offi-
cers of the Navy, praying that the retired officeis
of the stafi* of the Navy may be placed on an
equality m regard to pay with the retired line offi-
cers of tl.u Navy of the same relative rank, have
instructed me to ask to be discharged from that,
because they have made provision for that prayer
in a general bill which has been reported.
The motion to discharge the committee was
agreed to.
Mr. HALbl, from the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, to whom was referred a bill (EL ft. No.
370) to appoint certain officers of the Navy, re-
ported it with amendments.
fie also, from the same committee, to whom
was refened a liill(S. No. 165) in relation to na-
val supplies, submitted an adverse report; which
was out'tcd to be printed.
He also, from thf same committee, to whom
was refened the memorial of Garrett R. Barry,
a paymaster in die United States Navy, praying
to bo ieiie\ed fiom ail responsibility as bonds-
man for Paymaster John De Bree, for losses in-
carted in consnjuencc of the disaster to the Uni-
ted States frigate Cumberland, submitted a rcpou
accompanied by a joint resolution (S.No, 41) for
the relict of Garrett R. Birry, a paymaster in the
United States Navy. The joint resolution was
read and passed to a second reading, and the re-
port was ordered to be printed.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the following bills and joint resolu-
tions, itportud them severally without amend-
ment:
A bill (H. R. No. 297) fixing the date of the
loss of the United States brig Bainbridge, and for
the relief of officers, seamen, and marines of the
same, and for other purposes;
A bill (U. It. No. 300) for the classification of
the clerks to paymasters in the Navy, and grad-
uating their pay;
A bill (H. R. No. 303) to amend an act entitled
"An act to establish and equalize the grade of
line officers ofthe United States Navy/'approved
July 16, 1862;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 13) tendering the
thanks of Congress to Admiral Porter;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 21) relative to
the accounts of the petty officers, seamen, and
others of the crew of the United States gunboat
Cincinnati;
A joint lesolution (H. R. No. 54) authorizing
the Secretary of the Navy to sell at public auc-
tion lot No. 33 in the village of Sackett's Har-
bor, New York; and
A joint resolution (S. No. 35) to compensate
the sailors on the gunboat Baron de Kalb for loss
of clothing.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred a bill (H. R.
No. 367) to provide for the collection of hospital
dues from vessels of the United States sold or
transferred in foreign ports or waters, reported it
without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (FT. R. No. 374) to exempt
certain vessels therein named from enrollmentand
license, and from the payment of tonnage duty,
and for other purposes, reported it without amend-
ment.
Mr. HARRIS. The Committee on Private
Land Claims, to whom was referred the bill (FI.
R. No. 228) confirming the title of Joseph Ford
to certain lands in Rico county, in the State of
Minnesota, have had the same under considera-
tion,and direct me to report it back favorahly;
"and as it will occupy but a moment, I ask that it
may be considered now.
Mr. DAVIS. I dislike to object, but I must
do so. I want the morning business to be gone
through with.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection being
made, the bill will go upon the Calendar.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move to postpone ail
prior orders and take up Senate bill No. 198, to
aid the Indian refugees to return to their homes,,
in the Indian territory. It is all-important that
it should be immediately acted upon. It will not
take ten minutes.
Mr. DAVIS. I object to taking up any busi-
ness until the morning business is concluded.
The morning business lias not been gone through
with, 1 believe. I dislike to make objections of
this character, but 1 feel compelled to do so.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
will be on the motion of the Senator from Wis-
consin.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Gentlemen all around
me are appealing to me to allow the morning
business to be gone through with. If they can
get through with the morning business, the pre-
sentation of reports, introduction of bills, &c.,
without taking up the whole morning hour, 1
have no objection to waive my motion for a time;
but 1 give notice that before the morning hour
expires I shall feel called upon to renew this mo-
tion. It is important that this bill should be acted
on to-day. I withdraw the motion for the present.
FRENCH SPOLIATION REPORT.
Mr. JOHNSON submitted the following res- j
olution; which was referred to the Committee on
Printing:
Rrio'vcd, That three thousand additional copies of the
report on French spoliations paoi to IviOl be printed for
the Ufcc of the Senate.
WASHINGTON AQUEDUCT REPORT.
Mr. MORRILL submitted the following res-
olution; which was referred to the Committee on
Printing:
Rcsohcd, That one thousand extra ropi«s of the report of
the engineer of the Washington aqueduct be printed : five
hundred for the udc oi the intouor Depaiiment and five
hundred for the use ol the Senate.
DISTRICT JUDICIAL EXPENSES.
Mr. TRUMliULL submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to;
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be directed
to inform the Senate what amount of foes and emoluments
of evervkmd and character were received by the attorney
and marshal of the United State* for the District of Co-
lumbia respectively, and by the cleiks ofthe several courts*
for said District, during the year ending Oec^mbfr 31,
1863, and what amount was allowed to each of said offi-
cers for deputies, clerks, office rent, and other incidental
expenses during the t>aine period.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Lloyd, its Chief Clerk, announced that the
House of Representatives had agreed to the report
or the committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to the
bill (H. R. No. 302) to amend section nine of the
act approved July 17, 1862, entitled "An act to
define the pay and emoluments of certain officers
of the Army, and for other purposes."
The message also announced that the House of
Representatives had passed the following bills of
the Senate:
A bill (No. 79) to incorporate Providence hos-
pital in the city of Washington, District of .Co-
lumbia;
A bill (No. 82) concerning notaries public fop
the District of Columbia; and
A bill (No. 163) to authorize the Columbia In-
stitution for the Deaf and Dumb and the Blind to
confer degrees.
The message further announced that the House
of Representatives had passed the following bills
of the Senate, with amendments to each; in which
it requested the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (No. 126) to amend an act to incorporate
the inhabitants of the city of Washington, passed
May 15, 1820; and
A bill (No. 155) to incorporate the Union Gas-
Light Company of the District of Columbia.
BILLS BECOME-LAWS.
The message fnrtherannounced that the Pres-
ident ofthe United States had approved and signed,
on the 1st instant, the following acts:
An act (H. R. No. 34) making appropriations
for the support of the Military Academy for the
year ending June 30, 18G5; and
An act (H. R. No. 312) to increase the pension
ofthe revolutionary pensioners now on the rolls
of the Pension Office.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, in pursuance of pre-
vious notice, asked and obtained leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 219) for the relief of the Wea,
Peoria, Kaskaskia, and Piankeshaw Indians of
Kansas; which was read twice by its title, re-
feired to the Committee on Indian Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
ARREST OF WILLIAM YOCUM.
Mr. DAVIS. I desire to call up the resolution-
referring the case of William Yocum to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clark in
the chair.) The Senator from Kentucky moves
to postpone all prior orders and proceed to the
eonsideiation of the resolution indicated by him,
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 inquire whether it will
lead to debate.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not propose to debate it
myself. I do not know whether anybody else
does.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Ia it a resolution for ref-
erence to the Judiciary Committee?
Mr. DAViS. That is all.
Mr.COLLAMERand Mr.TRUMBULL. Let
it be read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The resolu-
tion will be read.
The Secretary read the resolution, which was
submitted by Mr. Davis on the 29th of March, as
follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary Inquire
and repoit to the Senate whether or not William Yocum,
n citizen of the United States, late a resident of Cairo, is
orih not confined in thn penitentiary of Now York, Htua ted
in Albany, oi s?ome otht'r pu*on. bj and undei thoM'Meuee
of a nnhtaiy < ourt, for winch the s:ud William Yocum has
lecfivcil the lull and unconditional pardon ot the President
of the United estates; and that the said committee have
power to send lor persons and papeis.
Mr. GRIMES. I propose to amend it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thefhst ques-
tion is on taking up the resolution.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 perceive this will evi-
dently lead to debate; and 1 will say to the honor-
able Senator fforo Kentucky that 1 feel constrained
