1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
409
hung, or imprisoned arid fined, and their slaves
made free, in another breath they were providing
that their estate and property should be seized^
condemned, and sold as enemy's property.
The President, either because less clear-headed
or moie timid or moie scrupulous about overrid-
ing the Constitution, did not view the law"in the
light of a law based on the rights of war alone.
He either did not see or would not admit the pro-
priety in one and the same law of dealing* with
rebels as traitors to be indicted, convicted, and
hung, or fined and imprisoned, and as alien ene-
mies, citizens of a " foreign country "owing alle-
giance to a foreign Power, who, if patriotically
fighting for it, were subject only to the laws and
entitled to the rights of war. He could not divest
his mind of the very natural idea that the rebels
were, in law, citizens of the United States " levy-
ing war against them," and therefore traitors., not
alien enemies. He had not at that time, as his
subsequent conversation with the two Chicago
clergymen on the 9th September, 1862, proves,
been educated up to that cjear apprehension and
wise appreciation of the war power and military
necessity which the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia now vouches for and the President has since
shown in his proclamations of September 22,
1862, January 1, 1863, and December 8, 1863,
paying nothing of sundry intermediate exercises
of the war power in dealings with the habeas cor-
pus and personal liberty. The President, under
the instructions of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, is evidently improving in military exer-
cises.
When the President, who had read Blackstone
and Kent and Story and Mr. Madison in the Fed-
eralist—whose pregnant and authoritative opinion
has been aptly quoted by my friend from Ohio,
[Mr. Bliss]—applied his knowledge derived from
those great worthies in jurisprudence to the sweep-
ing confiscation declared in sections five and six
of the act, he was staggered, he doubted and hes-
itated, and finally concluded to change the law
or kill it by the veto. The result was his mes-
sage to Congress of July 17, 1862, followed im-
mediately by the passage by Congress of the ex-
planatory joint lesolution of the same date. If
tiie President, by similar duress per minas, had
exercised similar conservative influence over the
same Congress, he would have done wisely. The
language of the President^ message is in itself so
strong an argument against the act as it was pro-
posed that 1 quote briefly from it. lie said:
That to winch I chiefly object pei vados mocf part of the
act, but more distinctly appear4? in the first, second,seventh,
and eighth sections. It is the sum oftho&e provisions which
reMJlts> u) the divesting of title forever.
>' Foi the causes of treason and ingredients of tien«on,
not amounting to the full crime, it declares foifoituie ex-
tending bejoiul the hvesofthe guilty pauies ; wheieas the
Constitution of the United States df'ci.in^ that 'no atrnni-
der of treason shall wotk eoiruptiou of blood, or foifeituie
exceptduinm tlm lire of the poison attainted ' True,there
is lo be no loim.il attainder m thi5 ease; ;>til!, I think the
gieater punishment cannot be constitutionallj- inflicted, tn
a dilTeient form, foi the same offent-e.
" With great respect I am constrained to say I think this
fentuu1 of the act is unconstitutional. It would not be dif-
ficult to modify it."
The point of the joint resolution of July 17 is
in these words:
" Nor shall any punishment or pioceedings under said aet
he so eon^tiued as to work a forfeiture of the real estate of
the offender beyond his natural life.1'
Now, whatever may have been the original de-
sign of tin* author of sections five and six,&c.,
of the confiscation act as to the rights of war, and
however much the President may have miscon-
ceived the real point nf the law, it is plain that the
joint resolution put the construction and effect
of the law beyond question, (except with Judse
Underwood,) and forbade the confiscation of ical
estate of oflfendeis beyond their life estates, thus
carrying out the plain meaning of the Constitution
and the ideas of Madison and Story upon the sub-
•iect*.
It is to be borne in mind that at this time the
slaves were not emancipated. The war power in
its loftiest flights had not attained to that had emi-
nence. The necessity of free soil for freed men
did not th*n exist. The President had not been
educated by the Boston Gamaliels and Pauls of
abolition, or by the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia, up to the standard of the "proclamation of
emancipation." So soon as that policy was
adopted, the embarrassment of the restriction on
confiscation under the act of July 17 wa t, at oiue
felt. It was expressed by the Solicitor of the
War Department on page 120of his pamphlet,en-
titled The War Powers of the President," where
he says:
"It is much to be regretted that the joint resolution of
Congress should have been no woided as to throw a doubt
upon the construction of that part of the statute, if not to
paralyze its effect upon the only class of rebel property
which they cannot put out of the icacli of Government,
namely, their real estate."
But m course of time a legal luminary arose in
Eastern Virginia, who was wiser than Madison
or Story, and he threw a ray of light upon the
Constitution which was at once hailed as a glad
omen by the men whose designs upon the estates
of the South had been balked by the explanatory
resolution of July, 1862.
The brilliant decision of Judge Underwood in
the face of the positive language of the joint res-
olution was considered a very timely and good
thing, hut it was clear that after the argument of
the President himself in his veto message, and
after the doubt expressed by the Solicitor of the
War Depaitment, it would not do at once to say,
even upon the high authority of Judge Under-
wood, that the joint resolution meant nothing and
could be discarded, nor to say that the Constitu-
tion did not mean what the President, sustained
by the highest constitutional authorities, said it
did mean. But if that resolution were out of the
way, or its effect neutralized by legislative amend-
ment or explanation, there was room for hope
that other judges, in the Supremo Court of the
United States, might be found as wise and pa-
triotic and loyal as Judge Underwood, who like
him would hold that except in constitutional law
meant unless. I say there was some ground for
this hope, and why? The vast learning and in-
tegrity of the accomplished Story, honored in
both hemispheres, were no longer in the Supreme
Court. The massive intellect and unsullied honor
of Marshall were no longer presiding there. The
wise and pure McLean had also ceased to live,
and the lamp of life of the venerable Chief Jus-
tice, whose mind had shone like a sun in that great
tribunal for more than thirty years, is feebly fiick-
cnng and might m a moment go out in the night
of death. True, Grier and Nelson, Wayne, Clif-
ford, and Catron were still there; but might not
this Congiess, devoted to the Administration,
pledged to us policy and ready to do its woik, eas-
ily provide, as has already been proposed by bills
in this House, for additional judges, equal inju-
dicial integrity and wisdom to the loyal and illus-
trious Underwood, who would judicially declare
that except meant unless, and that theiefore the
Constitution did not prohibit as a punishment of
treason the forfeiture of the fee simple of a trai-
tor's estate? Where there is a will theie is a way.
The joint resolution could by Congi ess be amend-
ed and explained, and the Supreme Courfrcould
be so organized as, not only m this case but on
other great questions, to declare the law of the
Constitution to be in accordance with the policy
anil desires of the radical and revolutionary men
who are determined to control, and do control,
this Administration.
I do not hesitate, Mr. Speaker, upon my re-
sponsibility as a Representative, to say that the
Chief Magistrate who made the declarations of
the President's mauguial address of Match 4,
1861, under the solemn sanction of official oath,
m the presence of a people whose hearts were
quivering with mrensest interest and fear for the
nation's fate, fear of disunion and civil war, and
who was afterwaids capable of making and de-
claring as the law of tins land the proclamations
of January 1 and December 8, 1863, is capable of
so oiganizmg and influencing the Supreme Court
of the United States that it or a majoi lty of it will
declare that the Constitution of the United States
means just whnt this Administration wants it to
mean, tegardless of the history, the wisdom, and
the judicial prcct dents of the past. We jive, sir,
in the midst of a great t ev olution, and of the ways
and means to ends, which i evolutionists will use if
need be. Ambition and suddenly acquired power |
may and do corrupt and drag from their moral
moorings the souls even of men who have had
greatne ss tlmist upon them, because their neigh-
bors and the world applied to them the epithet or
title " honest." j
I have thus, I think, truly traced out the mo- \
live or inducement to the introduction of the joint j
amendatory resolution now before the House. I
1. This resolution proposes to substitute, in
place oj the language of the joint resolution of
July 17,1862,*which, whether that was theeffedt
of the second clause of section three, article three,
of the Constitution or not, absolutely prevented
the forfeiture of more than a life estate, the words
except duringne used in the Constitution itself,
instead of "beyond," as used in the original joint
resolution; the word " except9* being the little loop
whereofr the astute Underwood had hung his
doubt. The word "real," before estate, in the
original resolution, is also proposed to be stricken
out by the amendment.
2. For fear that this amended phraseology might
'still be construed as a restriction upon the power
of forfeiture beyond life, the intent and meaning
of the proposed amendment are declared to be,
that the operation and effect of the confiscation
act is only limited so far as to make it conform to
the Constitution, section three, article three. In
other words, it means that the act of confiscation
may be treated as empowering absolute confisca-
tion of all rebel property, subject to the decision of
the Suprtme Court of the United States upon the
question whether more than a life estate can be for-
feited under the act.
3. The amendment provides that the Presi-
dent's proclamation of July 25, 1862, based on
section six of the act of July 17, shall be held suf-
ficient warning and proclamation to bring all of-
fending poisons within the operation of confisca-
tion; that is, that such proclamation should es-
tablish the right and fact of forfeiture, as dating
sixty days after July 25, 1862. This provision
leaves no door of escape, except the mercy of the
President, to offenders who, though then rebels,
may sincc have ceased to be such, and is another
evidence of the vindictive and unjust spirit that
pervades the confiscation policy. I'he President's
warning of July 25, 1862, established the period
of sixty days after that date as the time when a
life estate only should become forfeit, the confis-
cation act prohibiting any greater forfeiture than
that. Now, by virtue of this joint resolution, if
the Supreme Court decides under it that the fee
may be forfeited or confiscated, the forfeiture is to
be held to relate back to sixty days after .fuly 25,
1862', and divest the fee simple from that time;
when at that lime there was no law by which more
than the life estate could be forfeited. This is to
all intents ex post facto and retroactive legislation;
imposing a greater punishment upon a crime than
the law warranted when the crime was committed.
It is therefore apparent to my mind, Mr.
Speaker, from the terms of the joint resolution
itself and from the tenor of the arguments of gen-
tlemen who favor it, that it is a foregone conclu-
sion and well understood that the judicial inter-
pretation of the act of July 17, 1862, after this
joint resolution is passed, is to be such that the
party in power will be able to consummate their
unholy purpose of sweeping away from their
present owners, and from their perhaps innocent
and certainly now defenseless heirs, the lands of
the southern States, and substituting m their places
as owners of the soil the freed negroes of the
South, and the more ignoble white men who are
watching with vulturous eyes to plunge upon the
confiscated spoil of the conquered rebels of the
South, Against such a scheme, sir, I would be
untrue to the best instincts of my own nature,
untrue to that divine religion which I profess to
honor, untrue to the principles of humanity, un-
true to the cardinal principles of the law of na-
tions and the constitutional jurisprudence of my
own country, untrue to the Union and Constitu-
tion, for whose salvation 1 would willingly give
my life, if 1 did not enter my earnest and solemn
piotest.
It is not bysuch means, sir, nor by any of your
schemes of subjugation and overthrow of States
and extermination or expatriation of their peo-
ple, that you are to conquer rebellion and restore
the Union and Constitution to their pristine peace
and integrity. The work of true restoration must
begin in the hearts of the people, in driving out
hatied and malice ami mean cupidity, in restoring
reverence for the Constitution and its sacred ob-
ligations. in a disposition to temper justice with
mercy ,-m a disposition to bury in oblivion the
follies and sins of the past.
It may be, sir, and my political action hitherto
has been based upon the idea, that the war may
be a necessity of longer, indefinite duration. It
