1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8407
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
their Secretary, informed the House that the Sen-
ate had passed an act (S. No. 271) relating to the
law of evidence in the District of Columbia; in
which the concurrence of the House was re-
quested.
cost in prize cases.
Mr. GANSON asked unanimous consentto in-
troduce a resolution reciting that the costs of pro-
ceedings in the case of the prize steamer William
Bagley, condemned at New Orleans, as charged by
the district attorney, marshal, register, prize com-
missioner, and attorneys for captors, were exor-
bitant, and directing the Attorney General of the
United States to investigate the proceedings and
examine into the accounts of foes charged therein,
and to report to the House the items of the va-
rious bills, whether in his opinion they are legal,
and if not, wherein they are illegal, and whether
any furtherlegislation is requisite to guaid against
exorbitant chargcs in piize suits.
Objection was made.
washington and georgetown railroad.
The next bill taken from the Speaker's table
was a bill (EI. R. No. 522) to amend the charter
of the Washington and Geoigetown Railroad
Company, with Senate- amendments.
Mi. WASH BURNE, of Illinois. I move that
the Hon so non-concur in the Senate amendments.
Mr. ELDRIDGE I move that the House
adjourn.
'The SPEAKER. Before that motion is put,
the Chair would like to know whether this order
of business is to be continued to-morrow morn-
ing.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 suppose
it falls with the adjournment.
Mr. FENTON. i. hope that, by unanimous
consent, it will be continued to-morrow morning.
Mr. HOLM AN. I object.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
The question recurring-on concurring with the
Senate amendments,
The SPEAKER ordered tellers; and appointed
Mr. Wilson and Mr. English.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 62, noes 30.
So the amendments were concurred in.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the amendments were
concurred in; and also moved to lay the motion
to reconsider on the tahle.
Mr. FENTON. If the gentleman will give way
I will move that the House adjourn.
Mr. WILSON. I would suggest first that the
pending order of business be continued to-mor-
row mornuig.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object.
The motion to reconsider was laid on the table.
MRS. C. A. IIAUN*.
The next buMtiess taken from the Speaker's
table was an act (II. R. No. 4GG) for the relief of
the widow of C. A. llaun.
adjournment.
Mr. COX moved that the House adjourn.
Mr. WAOSWORTH called for the yeas and
nays on the motion to adjourn; and also tellers
on the yeas arid nays. j
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly (at ten o'clock and
forty minutes, p. m.) adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, June 30, 1864.
Prayer bv Rev. B, II. Nadal.
Oil motion of Mr. COWAN, and by unani-
mous consent, the leading of the Journal was dis-
pens-xl with. rlm.rI0N.
Mr. JOHNSON presented a petition of Polish
refuse's and citizens of the United States, pray-
in? "that Polish reiugees serving in the United
Status A miy may be piofeeted fiutn ai rest as sub-
jects of tne Rnssi.ni Gw.t i nmeM ; wuich was re-
fened to the Com mitten on i<on-sgn Relations.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. COWA.N asked, and by unanimous con-
gent obtained, leave to bring in a joint resolution
(S. No. 76) to enable the Commissionerof Patents
to pay for work done under act of March 3,1857;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Patents and the Patent Office.
expenses of pennsylvania militia.
Mr. COWAN. I now move to postpone all
prior orders and proceed to the consideration of
House bill No. 117, to reimburse the State of
Pennsylvania for expenses in calling out the mi-
litia of that State during the recent invasion. It
is the bill which we had under consideration and
partially proceeded with yesterday.
The motion was agreed to.
leave ot absence to senators.
Mr. GRIMES. With the permission of the
Senator from Pennsylvania, I wish to ask leave
of absence after to-day for the Senator fiom Ore-
gon, [Mr. Nesmitii,] who is necessarily com-
pelled to leave.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to move that leave of absence
be granted to my colleague [Mr. Howard] who
is necessarily absent, called home by sickness in
his family.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. NESMITH. My colleague [Mr. Hard-
ing] has been called home. I move that ho have
leave of absence for the residue of the session.
The motion was agreed to.
final adjournment.
Mr. CAKL1LE. I ask the consent of the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania to allow me to offer a
resolution.
Mr. COWAN. I have no objection if it docs
not displace the oider.
Mr. CARL1LE. I offer the following resolu-
tion, and ask for ns present consideration:
Resolved h>j the SV/m/e, Ilmw ol Rcpreseilfativos
concurring thejout.) That tli*' Provident of tlie Senateand
S|)(i<ikei ol t! {' Uoum! of Kepic-oiitcitivea do adjourn tlioir
le-peeuvr 11 on-!'- inn- ihc mi H.uuulay next, llw xiil day ol
July, IS) J, at twelve o'clock in.
Mr. CHANDLER. I object. I do not want
that resolution acted upon now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection be-
ing made, it cannot be considered.
olldkk of business.
Mr. WADE. I move to postpone all prior
orders and take up House bill No. 244, to guar-
anty to ceitain States whose governments have
been usurped or overthrown a republican form of
government.
Mr. COWAN. I think 1 am entitled to the
floor upon House bill No. 117, which was taken
up by universal consent, and I only yielded to
allow some formal business to be done.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chains
of opinion that the motion of the Senator from
Ohio is in oidcr, several matters having been en-
tertained by the unanimous consent of the Senate,
which is equivalent to a unanimous vote of the
Senate.
Mr. COWAN. I hope, then, that the motion
of the Senator from Ohio will be voted down in
order that we may dispose of the bill that we con-
sidered yesterday and very nearly finished. It will
not take, J should think, ten minutes at the out-
side. I trust the courtesy of the Senator from
Ohio v/dl be extended to me in this case. Cer-
tainly his bill will take a Ions while. It is likely
to provoke extended discussion.
Mr. \VA i)E. I do not know that it will;
if that is the case, it admonishes me thatitought
to be acted upon the sooner.
Mr. COWAN. Still it is sufficient for us to
try to get everything else out ot the way.
Mr. "WADE. 1 hope we shall dispose of this
bill. I have given way so often and the adjourn-
ment is so near at hand that 1 cannot, consistently
with my duty to the House of Representatives,
who sent it here, or the committee ol which I am
chairman, consent to postpone it any longer unless
the Senate should do it by a vote. H they see lit
to do it it is their act not nunc. I must stand
by the bill.
Mr. COWAN. I can only undertake to say to
the Senator from Ohio that i shall tinow no ob-
stacles whatever in the way of his bill by occu-
pying the time of the Senate if 1 am allowed to
take up this bill. I hope, therefore, the motion
will not prevail. -
Mr. WADE. I ask for the yeas and nays on
my motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. COWAN. I have just a word further to
say. Yesterday a bill was considered and al-
most matured. I cannot conceive it possible
that it will require ten minutes in order either to
pass it or reject it. It is one of considerable im-
portance to the State which I represent, and of
some importance, I apprehend, to States repre-
sented by some other Senators. I could have
insisted yesterday upon its continued considera-
tion, but I yielded to other business. I hope the
Senate will allow it to be taken up and finished
this morning. The bill which antagonizes with
it is a bill in the charge of the honorable Senator
from Ohio, which involves greatquestions, ques-
tions perhaps lying at the foundation of the very
organization of our Government, and which will
no doubt provoke an extended discussion upon
the part of Senators.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. I hope my friend from
Ohio will allow the Senator from Pennsylvania
to dispose of his bill, which will take but a few
minutes, in the morning hour, and then his bill
can comc up at any time. I think the Senator
from Pennsylvania ought to be allowed to have
his bill voted upon as I understand it will take
but a short time.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 11, nays 17; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Clnrk, Grimes, Mc-
Douyail, Morgan, Poineroy, Sumner, Wade, YVilkiu«on,
and Wilson—11.
NAY^—Mcs*r>. (Jaihle, Cowan, PoohtUe, Fe*smiaMi,
IlaJo, Harris, Hicks, Johnson, Lane of Indiana, Nrsimth,
Powell, KaiuM'y, KiclnmUon, ituldle, Ten F«yek, Van Win-
kle, and WUK'V—17.
A1WENT—Mo^rs. Brown. Buekalew, Colhuner, Con-
fess, Davis, Dixon, Foot, Foster, Hauling, Hailan, Hen-
derson, Hendricks, llowaid, Howe, Lane ot Kansas, Mor-
rill, SauUbury, Sheiman, fcJpraguc, Tiumbull, and Wiight
—21.
So the motion was not agreed to.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Mc'Phf.rson, its Clerk, announced that
the House of Representatives had agreed to the
amendments of the Senate to the following bills
and joint resolution of the House:
A bill (No. 255) granting certain privileges to
the Guardian Society of the District of Columbia;^
A bill (No. 442) to authorize the President of
the United States to negotiate with certain In-
dians of Middle Oregon for a relinquishment of
certain rights secured to them by treaty;
A bill (No. 522) to amend the charter of the
Washington and Georgetown Railroad Com-
pany; and
A joint resolution (No. 93) to authorize the
Postmaster General to extend the contract with
the Overland Mail Company.
The message furtherannounced that the House
of Representatives had passed the bill of the Sen-
ate (No. 151) relating to enlistments, and for
other purposes, with amendments, in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate.
The message furtherannounced that the House
of Representatives had agreed to some and dis-
agreed to other amendments of the Senate to the
b?ll of the House (No. 207) making appropria-
tions for the construction, preservation, and re-
pairs of certain fortifications and other works of
defense for the year ending the 30 th ot J une, 1805,
asked a conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses thereon, and had appointed Mr.
Thaddeus Stevens of Pennsylvania, Mr. Alex-
ander H. Rice of Massachusetts, and Mr. Joiin
Gaits on of New York, manageis at the same on
its part.
The message furtherannounced that the House
of Representatives insisted upon its amendments
to the bill of the Senate (No. 154) to provide for
the belter organization of the quartermaster's de-
partment, disagreed to by the Senate, agreed to the
conference asked by tlie Senate on the disagiee-
mg votes of the two Houses thereon, and had
appointed Mr. Schenck, Mr. Deming, and Mr.
Ward managers at the same on its pjir,.
The message also announced tlu! tin1 House
of Representatives had passed a bill (No. oG3)
in addition to the act respecting quarantine and
health laws, approved February 25,1799, and tor
