THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, JULY 1, 1864.
New Series No. 214.
A bill (No. 563) in addition to the act respect-
ing quarantine and health laws, approved Febru-
ary 25, 1799, and for the better execution of the
third section thereof—to the Committee on Com-
merce.
A bill (No. 565) granting a pension to Rachel
Mills, widow of Peter Mills, deceased, late a
major in the United States Army—to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 566) for the relief of Francis Pat-
terson—to the Committee on Pensions.
INTER-CONTINENTAL TELEGRAPH.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I now renew my motion.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the amendment of the
House of Representatives to the bill of the Senate
(No. 302) to encourage and facilitate telegraphic
communication between the eastern and western
continents. The amendment was to add at the
end of the bill the following:
Provided, That it shall not be lawful for the owners or
officers of said telegraph line to make any contiact, either
diicctlv or through any intervening paity or panics, for the
transmission of dispatches for any newspaper or news-
paper association upon terms different from those open to
the enjoyment of all other newspapers or newspaper asso-
ciations.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. FOSTER subsequently said: I move that
the Senate reconsider its vote concurring in the
amendment made by the House of Representatives
to Senate bill No. 302, to encourage and facilitate
telegraphic communication between the eastern
and western continents. I do it at the request of
the Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr. Hale,]
who wishes to make a statement in regard to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
will be on the motion to reconsider.
Mr. CONNESS. I want the statement to be
made fast before that question is put.
Mr. HALE. 1 wish to make a statement, and
that is all. If I am in error the Senator from
California will correct me, and I will not press
the motion. The amendment of the House of
Representatives is as follows:
Provided. That it shall not be lawful for the owners or
oflieeis of said telegraph line, to make any contiact, either
dueclly or through any intervening paity or panics, for the
transmission of dispatches for any newspaper nr newspa-
per association upon terms diffeientfroni those open to (he
enjoyment of all other newspapers or newspaper associa-
tions.
There is a very extensive association in this
country known as the associated press, who pay
very large sums for the transmission of their news,
and they are enabled, having so much telegraphing
done, to make a contract with the telegraph com-
panies to do their telegraphing at aless rate than
they charge individuals; and it is nothing but fair
and right that they should, having so much to do,
be allowed to make a special contract. This
amendment, as I understand it, prohibits any such
arrangement as that. I will ask the Senator from
California if that is not the operation of it?
Mr. CONNESS. I know nothing about the ori-
gin of this amendment in the Houseof Represent-
atives, but I suppose it was putin there by some
of the members from the Pacific coast to meet this
condition of things. As stated by the Senator
from New Hampshire, there is such an institu-
tion as the general associated press on this side
of the continent. It is an association open to
all newspapeis who see fit to join it and pay a
pro rata proportion for the news that they collect.
That is all fair and right. Then there is on the
Pacific slope what call themselves an associated
press. It consists of three newspapers—the Sae-
laiucnto Union and two papers published at San
Frainsco. The so-called associated press there
make a contract with the associated press here
and tiie telegraph company for the transmission
of the news collected here by the associated press
to he conveyed to the Pacific, and it is sent there
at a certain'' rate, which the Pacific associated
pi ess pays.
The Pacific associated press have made them-
selves a close corporation. They will allow no
membership but the three qresent ijapers. fhey
214
will allow no other paper to enter into tile part-
nership. The result is, they have, over a line
subsidized both by the General Government and
the State of California, the entire control of all
this great war news, and everything that excites
the world, for the benefit of their papers, ajid thus
they crush every other paper that attempts to
come into competition with them. There is an
instance now existing. A daily paper, a Union
paper and a very able one, published in San Fran-
cisco—I wish I had the dispatch received within
a few days from the proprietor of the paper to
read—has not only offered to pay a pro rata pro-
portion for the news, but has offered in addition
to give a bonus of §5,000, and made a tender of
it, to be allowed to enter the association; but th^y
would not accept it at all simply because they
desire to keep the monopoly of the news.
The people there are full of excitement upon
each day to learn what transpires on this side of
the continent, much more than Senators here can
appreciate, because you get it here every hour of
the day and by all sorts of instrumentalities.
Sometimes the telegraph line is interrupted for a
day or two days, and then the excitement be-
comes intense. There is no medium through
which the news can reach the people there except
through those three papers,and they will notper-
mit any other medium to be established. It is
totally different from the associated press on this
side of the continent, which is liberal and en-
lightened in the greatest degree. They accept
any partnership that is respectable, and allow
them to remain just as long as they see fit to re-
main in it, and when they conclude not to remain
any longer they allow them to dechneand go out
and cease paying.
This amendment of the House is iritended^ to
prevent this telegraph company from permitting
that kind of arrangement. It is not only incon-
sistent with the institutions under which we live
and with all fair dealing, but it is making use of
an instrumentality for which the Government of
the United States pay $40,000 a year and the
State of California is now paying $6,000 a year
as subsidies to carry out this system. I suppose
no Senator will object to the corrective that is
proposed to be applied.
Mr. HALE. 1 see the evil of which the Sen-
ator complains,and would do anything in reason
to rectify it that would not inflict greater evil upon
ollicis. But in attempting to remedy that evil
the Senator is inflicting an evil oil the whole as-
sociated press, lie says the associated press on
this side are liberal and do what is right. If this
amendment prevails, however, they are entirely
cut off from this unangement.
Mr. CONNESS. Not at all.
Mr. HALE. Let us see:
That it shall not be lawful for the owners or otiiceis of
said telegiaph line to make any contiact, either dircctly or
thioueh any mteivemng partyor patties, for the transmis-
sion of dispatches for any newspaper or newspaper asso-
ciation upon teims different fioni those open to llie enjoy-
ment of all other newspapers or newspaper associations.
Mr. CONNESS. That is under this bill. This
is a new project which is to control the news be-
tween the two continents; not across one conti-
nent, but between two. I have a bill before this
body to apply to this line across the continent,
and when'that question comes up it will be in
order to discuss it; but this amendment contem-
plates the prohibition of any arrangement of this
kind under this bill.
Mr. HALE. What is it? ,
Mr. CONNESS. It is the Collins Russian
and American telegraph bill. .
Mr. HALE. It stakes me that if this amend-
ment should be adopted the result will be this:
they will be prohibited from making any contract
with any associated press for the transmission of
intelligence ata less price than ispaidby an indi-
vidual newspaper.
Mr. CONNESS. I have made an effort to sup-
press the abuse existing over the present line,
which does not apply to this bill, as 1 have stated.
I have made this kind of effort that 1 will now
state. In the first place, the Overland Telegraph
Company have been applied to to interfere and
stop this condition of things, to refuse to let the
news pass over their line unless it shall be given
freely to each newspaper alike who shall pay a
proportional price for it. They say they cannot
do it. Why can they not do it ? They say they
cannot do it because they have a contract with
the associated press here to carry their news; the
news is their property, and they have a right to
send it where they please, and they have a right
to sell it to whom they please. They say, "We
cannot help it; we have simply to aceept the news
that is given to us and receive the compensation
that we agreed to take it for and pass it over our
lines." That sounds very fair on the part of the
telegraph company. We then went to the asso-
ciated press at New York and made a statement
of the condition of things that exists to them, and
they refused pointblankto interfere. Now,how
shall we have a free transmission of news, and how
shall the entire public receive it over the lines that
are subsidized by the Government, and who will
interfere to prevent the correction wherever the
correction is applied?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion to reconsider the vote concurring
in the House amendment.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope it will not be recon-
sidered.
The motion Was not agreed to.
PORTIFTCATION BILL.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill of the House (No. 207) making
appropriations for the construction, preservation,
and repairs of certain fortifications and other
works of defense for the year ending the 30th day
of June, 1865, disagreed to by the House of Rep-
resentatives; and
On motion by Mr. POMEROY it was
Ilesoloed, That the Senate insist upon its amendments to
the said bill, disagieed to hy the House of Repiesehtatives,
and agree to the conference asked by the House on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the Senate
be appointed by the 1'iesident pro tempore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore, appointed Mr.
Sumner, Mr. Ten Eyck, and Mr. Conness.
ENLISTMENT OF INDIANA VOLUNTEERS.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
lay before the Senate a communication from the
Governor of the State of Indiana which will be
treated as a memorial from the Executive of In-
diana.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Executive Dei-autmfnt,
Indianapolis, Indiana, Jane 21,1804.
To the President of the Senate and Speaker of the House uf
Representatives, Congress of United States :
i desire to present to vou, and through you to the Senate
and House of Representatives, an impoitant question grow-
in" out of the enlistment of recruits anterior 10 the 1st of
January, 1803, for three years'regiments then in the field.
The'men thus lecruited in Indiana had the understand-
ing that they were enlisted for the unexpired teim of the
regiments into which they went, and would be discharged
along with them. This understanding grew up tiom several
causes: , , , , , , t
1 From the «enerat impression which prevailed that the
country would not require their set vices alter the expira-
tion of the tenn of the regiment, which would lie liom
about the middle to tlie close of the year 1864.
2, Because the leciuitmg was earned on tor particular
regiments, and not for the general service, carrying with
it the idea that the recruit was to seive in that regiment
and no other, and it not being known then that the regi-
mental organization would be extended beyond the Hint
three years by the reenlistment of veteians or any other
process.
S. Becausc this understanding was universally encour-
aged and presented by recruiting officers, and was agreed
to and concurred in by United States muatcuug officers,
as I ain informed and believe, then on duty.
4, From the general reading, though perhaps not critical,
of several orders issued by the War Department, piovidmg
for and regulating lecruiung for the old regiments, appar-
ently proceeding on the hypothesis that the leciuitmgwas
of a regimental character, and not for the general service,
and that the reeiuits would be held only for the unexpired
teim ol the regiments, and would be mustered out along
Wfiut front whatever cause the understanding may have
arisen, or however erroneous it may have been, it u abso-
lutely certain that it existed, and so full was it that m tile
