2i34
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 23,
rebellion 1 How insignificant are the services of
my military colleague [Mr. Garfield] compared
to this'briili&nt performance of the critical mem-
ber from Pennsylvania !
The SPEAKER. The Chair doubts whether
this discussion is germane to the salary of an offi-
cer of the United States. [Laughter.]
' Mr. OOX. Will the Clerk read a little further?
I am replying to the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
The SPEAKER. The speech of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania was in response to some
allusion made by the gentleman from Indiana.
Mr. COX. And I am responding to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania. Why did not the
Chair call him to order? The question is upon
extracts, and I am presenting some beautiful ones.
. The SPEAKER. The Chair will not make the
point himself if no one else objects.
Mr. CuX. The Chair has taken up nearly all
my five minutes. Read on.
The Clerk read:
"And while I thought of home and family, ami of the folly
of a man who, until then, had scarcely known how to han-
dle the weapon he held, rushing to such a post, t also
thought of the giandeur of my country and ol its immense
future."
Mr. COX. The Clerk ctginot do justice to that
extract. I would hke the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania to speak Stover again. [Laughter.]
Mr. KELLEY. If the gentleman will give me
the balance of his five minutes I will gratify him.
[Cries of"'(Oh, no!"uml "Order!"]
Mr. COX. I want it distinctly understood that
the gentleman wn's lyiiii* on his back at the time.
[Laughlor.] Now, the Clerk will please read on.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" I felt, sir, that in this great struggle the life of the boyt
loved or greatest of us all, or the soriows of families, was
no more in comparison with tin; cause than was the small-
est star in all that immense multitude to the sunot'the ma-
terial universe."
Mr. C02C. I want the House to understand
thatthegentleman was still upon his back, gazing
upon the "milky way," and 1 want the Clerk to
put a Utile more energy into his reading. [Laugh-
ter.]
The Clerk continued the reading, as follows:
4<And I have felt since that lime, that to secme the peace
of thH countiy I would sacrifice the live* of the ipandcU
and most, delicate by thousand*, and of the poweitul and
muscular and least Valuable by tend ot thousands."
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STEVENS. Is it in order to move to
closc all further debate upon this amendment?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can move
the previous question.
Mr. STEVENS. Then I move the previous
question on the amendment of the Senate.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. COX, I withdraw my amendment to the
amendment.
Mr. HOLM AN. I withdraw my amendment,
and demand the yeas and nays on concurring in
the amendment of the Senate.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 37, nays 78; as follows:
YEAS—Mcssis. James C. Allen, Ai no!d, J.icnb II. m.ur,
Blow, Atnhinsc \Vr. ('lark, Fieeman (,'laik.-, Ooihoth, Cole,
Henry Wmtor J)nvK Thomas T. Dnvis, Dixon, ttliot, Gar-
field, GrNvvold, Uotchlciss, Jenckes, hii>M)n, Kelley, Ft un-
ci* VV. Kellogg, M.uvin, iMcllride, Meltuloe, Motiwm,
Leonaid My«rs, Charles O'Neill, iVmlk ton, i'oinetov, Rob-
inson, Schenek, Smith, Stevens, Up.-on, Vooihces, Wads-
worth, Webster, Williams, and Wilder—:*7.
NAVS-Mes^. William J. Alien, Allison, Ames John
I). Baldwin, Hatter, Blame, Kli-v, Boutwull, J3oyd, liroom-
all, James S, Blown, William fi. IJiown, Cobb, ('invent,
Dawson, Dcmson, Donnelly, Dnggs, 121 kiey, lldou, [Jdger-
ton, i'/ldridgc, Farnswoith, Finek, Harding, liamugton,
Benjamin G. Harris, llemek, Holman, A^ahel W. Hub-
bard, Iugers,oll, Philip Johnson, William Johnson, Kalb-
ileiKeb, Chlamio Kellogg, Kernan, Law, Lazu.ir, Loan,
l*ou§,Longye>ar,iVIallory, McAllister, McClutg. MeKumey,
Kannuel F. Miller, James K. Morris, Amos Elvers, Nelson,
Noble, Orth, Perham, Pike, ]Juce, lt.idfmd, Willtain II.
Randall,James S. Rollins,Scofield, Scott, Shannon, fcMoau,
Sinithers, Spalding, William (i. Steele, Stroine, Sweat,
Thayer, Tiaey, iihhu B. Washburne, William B. Wash-
burn, Whaley. Wheeler, Joseph W. White, Wilson, Win-
dom, Fernando Wood, Woodbridge, and Veaman—7d.
So the amendment of the Senate was not con-
curred m.
Ninety-fifth amendment:
Add the following as an additional section:
Sec. —. Jlndbc lifurthei cnacteJ, Timt twenty per cent,
he added to the annual compensation of the messengers,
watchmon, and laborers employed in the several Depart-
ments and under the Commissioner of Public Building*, to
commence on the passage of this act and to terminate at
the close of the next fiscal year, but to be calculated only
upon the amount of compensation accruing alter the ap-
pioval of this act: Promdcd, hotcever, That no salary be
increased hereby so as toexceed the sum of §900. And the
sums necessary to pay the additional compensation herein
specified for the present and the next fiscal years are hereby
appiopriated.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence in this amendment, with an
amendment, as follows:
Strike out after the word " that" all of said Senate
amendment, and in lieu thereof insert the following:
From the l«?t day of Jannaiy, 1864, until the 30th of June,
1865, inclusive, the pay of the employes hereinafter des-
ignated, whose annual pay is now less than §1,000, and
who are employed at the date of the passage of this act
or thereafter in the several Executive Departments and
under the Commissioner of Public Buildings at Washing-
ton, shall be adjusted and allowed according to their re-
spective. term of service within that period, as follows:
the pay of messengers at the rate of $1,000 per annum; the
pay of assistant messengers at the rate of §950 per annum;
the pay of watchmen and laborers at the rate of §800 per
annum: Provided, That the pay of female employes in the
several Executive Departments, and of laborers at the Cap-
itol, including those in the Libidiy ol Congress, where such
employes or laborers now receive less than $600 per annum,
shall be at the rate of $600 per annum; and the sums ne-
cessaiy to pay the additional compensation for the period
above prescribed are hereby appropiiated.
The amendment leported by the Committee of
Ways and Means was agreed to.
The amendment of tiie Senate, as amended,
was then concurred in.
Ninety-sixth amendment:
Add the following as an additional section-:
Sec. —. Jlnd he H Jurthcr entictpd, That the accounting
olheeis of the Treasury are hereby authorized and directed
to allow to the late leportei of the Supieme Court the
amount ot his annual snhuy tor the lineal year ending June
3), lt?(M, on the pioductum of satisfactory evidence that he
lias delivered to the Secretary of the Interior the number
of copies of the decisions ot said court pre^cubed by law,
and that said books have been received and accepted by
said Secretary.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence in thiy amendment with the
following amendment aw an addition thereto:
Sec. —. Jlnd be it further enacted, That, in addition to
the elene.il lojeu now authoii/ed by law, the tollowing
eletk*- mm: heieby autlion/.ed in the othcc of lie: C'mmm*-
Monei ot Customs to be employed and continue onlydui-
mg the lebeliion ami for one year alter its elo-w, viz: two
eleiks of this* foui, two of ela>  three, and two of class
two, ami the Mini of All,200, oi so much thereof as may
be necessuiy to pay their salaiics from the date of their
appointment to the iiOth of June, iMtjf), is hereby appropri-
ated thorctor; and the clarification of the cleika in the
office of the Commissioner ot Customs .shall hereafter be
as follows : six cleiUs of class fotu, eight of class three,
eight of  l.v-s two, and two of das*, one.
Sko. —. slnd he it further enacted, That in executing the
act of the lid ot March, ltMi), and the aet amendatory
thcieot, piovuhng for pavinent lor steamboats and other
vessels, and i.ulioad engines oi e:u*. lo«t ot destroyed whilu
m the mililai v set vice of the Pnited States, the Thud Aud-
itor of the Tieasttty be, and he is heieby, authorized m
person, or in Mich nuiiuei .is he may deem most compati-
ble with the public inteiests, to take, testimony and make
such investigations as he may deem necessary in adjudi-
cating claims hied midei said act, and for such necessaiy
expenses inclined therein payment may be made outof the
appioptiation contained in said act, upon proper vouchers
cet tilled and approved bj the Thud Auditor.
S<m\ —. >flnd lint, further enact at. That liom and after the
1st day of fnlv, 1S(>4, in lien of the clinks heietofoie mi-
thori/.ed and piovided, the Assistant Ticasurerat New Or-
leans he, and he is hereby, aulhori/.ed to appoint, with the
appiohauon of the Secretary of the Treasiirv, one chief
clerk, at a salary of £.},f>l)0 pet annum ; one clerk, at a sai-
nt y ol $j.000 per annum : two clet ks, at a salary of-•$! ,500
pei annum each; one poitei, at a salaiy of §000 per an-
num; and two wau'lnncii, at a-.alary of per annum
each; and the competwition foi such clei Us for the next
hscal yeat be, and the same is hereby, appiopuated out of
any money in the Tteu^ury not otherwise appropiiated.
And in case of the sickness oi unavoidable absence ot the
Assistant Trea^urei, he may, m his discretion, authorize
the chief cleik to ;u t in his place and to di^cliaige «UI the
duties toquued by law of the A-distant Treasurer.
St:r. —. *lnd he it further enactcd, That so in.my of the
clciks m the otlice ot the I'ajmastei General as have been
or maybe deemed mine*.es^.uy, notcxceedimrUnity-seven
m number, who shall be found competent, TO be selected
by tlie Sectetaty of the Treasmy, are hereby transferred to
the oilice of tiie. Thud Auditor of the Tica-mry, and shall
be classified as tollovv> - twelve clerks of class two, and
twenty-live of class one ; and the sum of $1C,600, or so
much thereof as may be lound necessary, be, and the same
is heieby, appiopriated fut said purpose.
Sue. —. And be iffuithci enacted, That the Presidentof
the United States be, and he is hereby, authorized to ap-
point, m addition to ihe present number, two appraisers
lor the poit of New York, at an annual salary ot $&,5Q0
each, and the sum of $5,000 is hereby appropriated therelor.
Sec. —. Jlnd he it further cnacted, That, in addition to
the sum of §-i," ,000 lierembefoie appropriated for salaries
and expenses ot nine supervising and fifty local inspectors
of steam vessels, with traveling and other expenses, the
sum or $55,000 be, and the same is hereby, appropriated.
Sec.—. jlnd bo it further enacted, That there be, and
hereby is, appointed, m the olhee of the Secretary of the
Treasury, five clerks of class three, in lieu of five clerks of
class one, and the sum of $2,000 is hereby appiopriated for
said purpose.
Mr. PENDLETON. I am instructed by the
Committee of Ways and Means to offer the fol-
lowing amendment to the amendment, to come in
after the last section but two of their amendment:
For twelve additional clerks in the office of the Assistant
Treasurer at New York, at an animal salary of $1,400 each,
authorized by act of 6tfi March, 1862, $'10,800.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a point of order. I
believe there can only be one amendment to the
Senate amendment pending.
The SPEAKER. There can be an amend ment
to the Senate amendment and an amendment to
that. It will be seen by the Digest that the Senate
amendment is treated as the original text,
Mr. HOLMAN. Rut can any gentleman offer
an independent section?
The SPEAKER. Yes, if it be germane.
Mr. HOLMAN. Can anything be offered that
is germane to the original bill as it passed the
House ?
The SPEAKER. Anything germane to the
ninety-sixth amendment of the Senate, or to the
amendment to that reported by the Committee of
"Ways and Means, is in order.
Mr.HOLMAN. I raisethepointoforder that
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Ohio is an independent proposition and is not an
amendment to the amendment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The Chair thinks it is.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then I make the point of
order that there is no provision in this section of
the bill having any relation to custom-house clerks
in New York.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order, inasmuch as all these sections are
in the nature of one amendment, and inasmuch,
also, as this is to carry out ail existing law.
Mr. HOLMAN. Do I understand the Chair
to decide that the amendment to the amendment
is germane ?
TheSPEAKER. The Chair overrules the point
of order on the ground that all these amendments
from the Committee of Ways and Means are in
the nature of one amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN. But is it germane?
The SPEAKER. It is in relation to clerks,
who are referred to several times in the amend-
ment, and the Chair therefore thinks it germane.
It is also in order on another ground, that it car-
ries out an existing law.
The question was taken on Mr. Pendleton's
amendment to the amendment reported from the
Committee of Ways and Means, and it was agreed
to.
Mr. PENDLETON. I propose to send up to
the Clerk's desk a communication from the Sec-
retary of the Treasury in explanation of the
amendments reported from the Committee of
Ways and Means.
The Clerk read the letter.
Mr. KERNAN. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the Committee of Ways and Means by
striking out the following paragraph:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That the Presidentof
the United States l e, and he is heieby, authoiized to ap-
pnint, in Euldition to the present number, two appraisers tor
the pert of New York, at an annual salary of $2,500 each,
and the sum ot §.>,000 is heieby appropriated theiefor.
They have got along in New York when the
imports have certainly been as large as they can
be expected to be hereafter. Itseems to me that
the creation of these additional offices is entuely
unnecessary.
Mr. PENDLETON. I send up to the Clerk's
desk to be read a letter from the Secretary of the
Treasury on the subject of the amendment pro-
posed by the gentleman from New York.
The letter was read by the Clerk.
Mr. KERNAN. Mr. Speaker, it seems to me
that the increase of imports spoken of in the Sec-
retary's letter must be temporary. If the present
force has been adequate to do the woilc during
the last year of very heayy importations, I think
that it ought to be quite adequate now that the
importations will be considerabty diminished.
The question being on Mr. Keiujan's amend-
ment to the amendment,
Mr. HERRICK called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. HOLMAN called for tellers.
