1458
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7,
Mr. HENDRICKS. Precisely so. The Sen-
ator, 1 believe, docs not question that three fourths
of the States must vote affirmatively in favor of
the amendment.
Mr. COLLAMER. I believe they will.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator sayshe be-
lieves they will. It is possible they may.
Mr. WILLEY. "With the ieave of the Senator,
as that is an interesting point, I desire to know
whether if they are not prepared to vote this year,
they may not be next year? Will not the time
come when they will be in a condition to vote? If
within ten years from this date, for instance, those
States that are in the condition to which the Sen-
ator alludes should, as I hope they will, be placed
in a condition fairly and peaceably to express
their opinion on the subject, would it not be com-
petent for them to do so, and thereby adopt the
proposed amendment of the Constitution ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I cannot undertake to
answer the Senator, because it is not a question
that I have considered. Theamendmeiu is pro-
posed to the Legislatures of the States at the pres-
ent session of Congress, it <roes before them ali.
There are sessions of the different Legislatures.
Someartnpon it,and somedo not. If,say, twenty
of them have adopted it, does it remain an open
question for action by the other Legisjatuies for
ten years following, or twenty or thirty years? I ;
am not prepared without fuither reflection to say
that the question would remain open, as the Sen-
ator suggests.
But, an , take the old State of Virginia, that con-
tributed so much to the formation of the Consti-
tution as we now have it; the State that passed
ihe resolution in her Legislature which called to-
gether first five States, and those five States ap-
pealed to the other Slates to meet them m conven-
tion,and in pursuance of thatappeala convention
was held; Virginia, that had so much to do with
the deliberations of the body; Virginia, that has
contributed so much to the construction of the
Constitution by the expositions made by her grout
and learned men—shall Vngima haveno full and
free voice in the amendment,of this Constitution ?
It may be said that Virginia is a State m the
Umon, and that .she lias her Legislating meeting
at Alexatulua. Will Senators say that that Le-
gislature m such sense lepresents the people of
Virginia us that it ought to control that State m
agreeing to an amendment of the Constitution r
Bu t take Ai kansas. That State is now claimed
to be almost within the Union again. It is said
Arkansas is taicmg steps urno r the President's
proclamation to come hack again. She may elect
a Legislature pei haps; but how ? Under the prop-
osition of the President, that one tenth of the
people may elect a Stategovernment, may elect a
Legislature, may make laws, and may agi ee to an
amendment of the Constitution. Will Senators I
say that that is such an approval by the people !
of a State as ought to be regarded as sufficient to
adopt an amendment to the Constitution ? Suuly
not, sir. Our talheis were vei y paitieular on this
subject. They required that two thirds of this
body, and two thuds of ihe other House of Con-
gress, should agree tu the proposed amendment
before it should go befme the people, and then
that three fourths of ihe States should agree to the
amendment before it should become apart of the
Constitution, contemplating the fullest consider-
ation of the subject and the laigest approval of
the amendment "before it should become a part jj
ol the organic law. Aie we U> say that this plan !j
ol the Piesideut shall be sufficient not only to J;
make a new State government, but that it shall be j:
sufficient to agree to a change of the Constitution;
that one tenth of the people of a State, according b
to the presidential proelamation, may not only •'
change their own constitution, but may agree to li
a change ofthe Constitution of the United States, 'j
when this Constitution contemplates that all the ij
people ofthe country should take part in thetfc- jj
liberations upon that subject? !>
Take Louisiana also, m which an effort is now !i
being made to form a fiee State, if the people ij
of Louisiana, acting thiough a convention prop- II
erly selected, shall make that State a free State, J
f 5-hall be v« ry happy to hear it If the people |i
of any State see fit to change their constitution so
as to make their State free instead of siave, i shall
be vciy glnd of the result. Then itispropeily
done. But, sir, I am not willing to see our in-
stitutions come to that condition which would be
upon us if one tenth of the people ofa State could
control not only the State constitution but the
modification of the Constitution of the United
States.
Can there be in the States that I have men-
tioned, or in any considerable number of them,
that deliberation which is necessary when we pro-
pose to change the organic law? Take the State
of Kentucky, so ably represented in this body: is
Kentucky m a condition to-day to say whether
she wants her Federal Constitution changed or
no—Kentucky, that one week is invaded by rebel
troops and the next week under the control of
Federal tioops—Kentucky, that can lay no claim
to a free election? Take Maryland, that has no
free election; or Delawaie, that is controlled, as
was illustiated m the able speech of her Senator
[Mr. Saulsbury] the other day, by provost mar-
shals appointed the Sunday night before the elec-e
tion. Is this the condition in which this country
ought to be when we propose to change our Fed-
eral Constitution? 1 say not, sir; and without
leference to the merits of the proposed amend-
ment, I say we are not in a condition in any of
the States, and especially in the States to which
i have referred, because of the excitement caused
by the condition of the country and the state of
war, for a deliberate consideration of the ques-
tions involved on the part of the people.
One moic suggestion, sir, and I have said all
that I desire on this subject. I am not satisfied
that this proposed amendment is one that can be
made to the Constitution. The institution of
slavery is a domestic institution. It exists, not
by virtue ofthe Federal Constitution, not by vir-
tue of any law passed pursuant to the Constitu-
tion ofthe United States, but it had its existence
before the formation of the Fedeial compact, be-
fore the establishment of the Federal Constitu-
tion. it was an institution of the colonies. I
will not discuss with tin" honorable Senator fiom
Iowa [Mr. IIarlak] the question whether the
slaveholder has a good title to bis property. It
is enough to know that this institution existed
before the Revolution in the colonies; that it con-
tinued duung the Revolution; that it came with
the colonies into their state of independence and S
separate sovereignty; and when the colonies came ,
into the Fedeial compact they did not submit that I
institution, oi their otlu r domestic institutions,
to the control of the Federal Government. The
Federal Government has had nothing to do with
the institution' of slavery, except so far as by
compromise it was protected and respected. It
was a basis of iepiesentatum m the other House;
it is a basis of taxation m a certain contingency;
and a fugitive escaping fi om one State to another
shall be returned without icspect to the law of
the State into which he escapes.
These aie the connections ofthe Federal Gov-
ernment with the institution of slavery, but no
State in the formation of the Federal compact i
agreed to iay that institution or any other lnsti- !
tution of a domestic sort at the foot of Fedeial [
authority. I am not satisfied (although i have j
not examined that subject as maturely as I would |
desue if I intended to discuss it at length) that ]
this is an amendment which it is competent to j
make shoit of the agreement of all the States of j
the Union; and then that amendment thusagieed |
to would have its force not because it was a part
of the Constitution, but because each State for
itsejf had agieed to abolish slavery. When each
State agrees to it, it is settled. All of our great
men and jurists have held that this institution ex-
ists by \ a-tue of State law. That State law may
be the common law of the State, the usage of the
State, or it may be that system of statutes which
recognizes and regulates the institution; and i
take n that it is a very grave question whether
three fourths of the States can take hold of an
institution in the remaining fourth, without the
consent of those dissenting States, which those
States never agreed in the original compact should
be under the control in any way of the Fedeial
Government.
But, sir, my main objection to the adoption of
this measuie now is that the people are not in a
condition to consider proposed amendments to
the Constitution. This year we are to have the
excitement of a presidential contest, perhaps a
very bitter one. Men wiU take their titles ac-
cording to party lelations. I .submit to Senators
whether a time like this, when the mind of the
people is wrought as the sea is by the storm, is
a suitable time to lay our hands upon the funda-
mental law of the Government, and to change the
foundation-stones of that Government; whether
we had not better let these times pass by, and
when peace shall come, as it was m 1787 and 1789,
when our fathers considered the original Consti-
tution, then consider the* proposed amendments,
if the people of the United States shall then de-
cide to abolish slavery, and it is found that itisa
question that may be controlled by three fourths
of the States, I shall have no objection to it. 1?
slavery passes away 1 shall not be found regret-
ting it.
I suppose I have less personal knowledge of the
institution of slavery than almost any Senator in
this body. I have never spent a whole day scarcely
in my life upon slave soil. My life has been
spent among the free people ofthe State of Indi-
ana. I have no attachments to the institution;
but I have an attachment to the compacts and
agreements of our fathers. I was taught as a part
of my politics and morality to stand by what was
agreed to. The moral question of slavery I have
never discussed before the people. I do not in-
tend to discuss it here, because with the moral
question of slavery the Federal Government lias
nothing to do. That is a question tor the consid-
eration ofthe States that regulate the institution,
the States that allow it, the States by whose au-
thority it exists; and by no other authoiity does
it or can it exist.
Although I voted with my friend from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Powell] in favor of his three amend-
ments, still if it had come to a final vote, separate
from the amendment now before the Senate,
whether we should submit those three proposi-
tions, which I should like to see m the Constitu-
tion, I should, upon the final vote, have voted
"no," for the icason thatatthis time I would not
submit any proposed amendment to the people.
1 would agi ee as aSenator to submit an amend-
ment of the Constitution to the people foi but one
reason, if I could become satisfied that a pro-
posed amendment to the Constitution would put
an end to these hostilities, would restoie this
Union, and bring peace again to the country, i
would vote for any amendment that was consist-
ent with the right and honor. If Senators could
satisfy me that the adoption of this amendment
was nght and within the power of thiee fourths
ofthe States, and that it would promote an ad-
justment and settlementof the difficulties between
the sections, I should vote for it, but for no other
consideration. On the contrary, sir, I believe
that this amendment if adopted will be in the way
of final adjustment and the restoration of this
Union. What good can it do? Just the same
good precisely that the President's proclamation
did. The Piesident by his proclamation said,
"We have set yournegroes free; weleavoyouno
inducement to come back to live under the Con-
stitution as your fathers agreed to it; we cutoff
hope; we give you an incentive to fight to despe-
ration." And now the Senate pioposeto &ny to
the people of the South, "You cannot come back
upon the basis of the Constitution as it wa*; you
cannot come back and enjoy your institutions as
they were. If you do come, back, we leave in
your midst in many localities of the South a ma-
jority of the population black; we make it im-
possible foryou to reside there." Therefore this
proposition says to the people ofthe South,51 Fight
on; give up never; never hear a proposition of
adjustment; but resist until you can resist no
longer;" and that is one objection I have had to
tins Administration. It has gone upon that polity.
Instead of holding out those motives that ordi-
narily influence men, this Administration has
said to the South, " We intend to subjugate vou,
and we will listen to no terms, we will offer no
terms." Gentlemen can easily see the result of
such a course of policy. JNow we are going to
make it impossible that they shall come back and
stand upon the Constitution as it was. We aie
going now, if this proposition can carry, to say
to the people of the South, " We will take away
from you this property for which you commenced
this stiuggle,"
Asrain, I say this is in violation of the plighted
faith of the Senate. Did not -the Senate, three
years ago, in July, 1861, by their resolution,and
did not the other Hoi.sesay that this war was not
for the pwpose of subjugation, not foi the pur-
