1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1459
pose of disturbing the institutions of any of the
States, Imi simply and solely for the purpose of
restoring the Union and the authority of the Con-
stitution? Can 11 be pretended that this is a war
measure*5 You must conquer the South before
this can have foice there; and when you have
conquered the South, of what service is it as a
war measure? It is like the Piesident's procla-
mation in that lespoct. Can you send a procla-
mation in advance of the troops? Can you send
the amendment of the Constitution in advance of
the Army, and make an impression on the people
in that way? No,sir; you have got to overcome
the people, and establish your amendment of the
Constitution as you would establish the other por-
tions of the Constitution. "It is a war measure
after the war is uver! And while the war is con-
tinuing it is a hinderance to an adjustment and the
restoration of peace.
These, in a few words, are the objections that
I have to the measure before the Senate.
Mr. HENDERSON. Mr. Piesident, I dislike
very much at piesent to undertake to argue the
question that is now before the. body, for the sim-
ple reason that Senators must he tired of its dis-
cussion. At one time 1 thought it might possi-
bly be necessary for me to say something in behalf
of the measure, inasmuch as I was pethaps one of
the earliest who introduced a pioposition of this
'-character; but now, at a peiiod when Senators
expect,and i easonably expect, that the discussion
ought to close ami the* voftj be taken, I dislike \ei y
much to obtrude any rematks upon the Senate;
and 1 should not do so but for the fact that 1 in
part represonton this floor one of the borderStates
of the Union, and I deem it my duty to say some-
thing in older that gentlemen from the non-sluvc-
holdmg States, hke my honorable friend from In-
diana who lias just spoken, [Mr. Hendricks,] may
better understand the position that we of the bor-
der slavehoidmg States now occupy.
I do not desire to get outside of the question be-
fore the body: I desire to keep myselfclost ly to
it and to occupy as little of the time of theSenate
as may be necessaiy to enable me to state what
I deem it proper to urge in favor of the passage
of the measure; and in order to save time and to
keep myself within proper bounds, j have com-
mitted to writing the most of what I shall say. I
know that this is a practice of which older Sen-
ators do not approve, and perhaps I ought not to
resoit to it; but i do not feci that I have the right
upon ail occasions to inflict upon this body re-
maiks without thought.
i have already intimated that the Union men in
the slaveholdinji; States have pietty much made
up their minds as to what course they intend to
pursue in regard to the institution of slavery.
Whatevei may have been their opinions at a pi e-
vious date, those opinions have undergone im-
portant changes. This proposition is to mailt an
epoch in the history of our country if it shall be
adopted, and I take occasion now to expiess my
sincere wish that it may become a part of the
Constitution of the United States. The State
which I in part represent had in 18G0 one hun-
dred and fifteen thousand slaves, and it may be
supposed that that State is deeply interested in
the proposition now pending before the Senate;
but, sir, our great interest, as loveis ofthe Union,
is in the preservation and perpetuation of the
Union; and what I shall say to-day will be chiefly
duelled to northern men.
Tins war has wiought o wonderful change in
the opinions of Union men in the slaveholding
States. Heretofore a majority of the people of
the Noith have been opposed to interfering with
the institution of slavery where itexisted. They
opposed it because they believed the South de-
sired to retain the institution—and that seems to
be the opinion of my fiiend from Indiana—and
so long as this desire lasted they propeily held it
to be a breach of faith to distuib it. So strong
was this fet.lnig that even after the commence-
ment of practical secession northern Representa-
tives, anti-slavei y m their sentiments, with almost
entire unanimity m both hianehes of Congress
adopted and piesented for acceptance by theSiates
a constitutional amendment, irrepealabie in its
character, whereby the powcrof interference was
to be forever removed. By it no State could be
deprived of the piivilege of slavehoidmg except i
with its own consent. In January, February, 1
and Maich, 1861, such an amendment to the oi- ,
game law would have received the sanction of per-
haps every non-slaveholding State in the Union.
The South would not accept it.
The only great idea of an anti-slavery charac-
ter that triumphed, if anything anti-slavery tri-
umphed atall, in the canvass of I860, wnsfounded
on the purpose to exclude slavery from the Terri-
tories, and this exclusion was only to last while
they were Territories. It did not deny the rightof
the people, after their Territoi y had been admitted
as a State, to adopt the institution ofslavery. The
corruptions of Mr. Buchanan's administration
gave success to the Republican party. The op-
position to slavery, even at the outbreak of the
rebellion, had not become so radical as to deny
that a slavehoidmg State might be republican in
its form of government. It was admitted that a
Statemighteither institute orabolish slavery;that
whatever might be the true boundary line between
State rights and Federal authority this subject
was one of focal control, and Congress could not
legitimately interfere. To what extent this disin-
clination to meddle with the ms'uution yet per-
vades the non-slavehoiding States, I, of course,
do not know. It cannot be doubted by any ra-
tional and reflecting mind that our forefathers, m
the adoption ofthe Constitution, whatever may
have been their individual opinions, determined
to leave the subject of slavery with the several
States. They found it then,as we have.ever found
it since, a dangerous and impracticable ques-
tion. The impoitaiueof union was then para-
mount. Union could not be seeuied except by
remitting the whole subject to State authority,
Congiess retaining only the power to enforce the
surrender of slaves escaping from one State to
another.
This view of the Constitution, though not con-
| ceded to be correct by what has been called the
abolition party, was accepted, however, by a large
majority of the people in the* North. Ilemem-
beung the compiomisesof the Constitution, they
remembered their duty under them, and wished
to comply with the bond. Whatever their indi-
vidual convictions as to the immoiahty and im-
policy of slavery, they have generally discarded
the dogma that the obligations of moral law were
superior to those of the municipal law, or that the
whisperings of conscience could excuse the viola-
tion of the statute. 1 care not what may now be
the prejudices against this institution ot slavery
or how ignoble this former obedience to law on
the part of the not them people may appear at a
time when our passions are aroused by the war
that party ambition, in the name of slavery, is
watrinii eiramst us, the cooler judgment of the
more peaceful future, whenever it conies, will
again approve their conduct as essentially patri-
otic. Governments are not motal codes. They
cannot be such. Each individual upon entering
into society must agree to yield something of his
own opinions to the opinions of otheib. if any
one man's opinions be tin.' law, the Government
is a mo.iari by ; if the opuuons of a few shall gov-
ern, it is an ai istucracy or oluj.u ehy ; if the opin-
ion of each is a law unto himself, it cannot be
other than anarchy. 1 lence the mass of opinion,
in a Government republican in form, must con-
trol That opinion, expressed accoiding to the j
forms of law, must be the rule of action. He that j
yields to that expiession and obeys the law, so
long as it stands uniepealed, is not only the best
citizen but the most effective piomoter of public
moialsand also the best teacher of pi i\ate virtue.
A simple adheiencc to this principle would
have prevented the prt sent rebellion; indeed, it
must eventually dme out evciy heresy m gov-
ernment and establish the light. To deny this
proposition is to deny the vntue of self-govern-
ment. I f human s!avei y be wrong, human reason,
under the operation of tins principle, is left free
to combat it, and slavery must die so soon as
reason can obtain expression under the forms of
law. It cannot die soonei, for the achiev> ments
of the sword, if against reason, lastgeneially no
longer than while the sword is drawn. When it
issheathed, reason takes the place of force. Ideas jj
of private mteiest and consideiations of public |'
good,combined with convictions of leligiousduty, '!
unintimidated by fear, arc left free again to shape Ij
governmental policy. |]
The people of the non-slaveholding States gen- ji
erally vveie wiihngto trust the solution of slavery |j
to peaceful tunes. They, hke the foundeis of !i
the Republic, generally hoped for its ultimate ex-
tinction. They did not hciicve that, the desola-
tions of war would ever be required to show its
injustice, or that war should be waged for its ex-
termination. They had found it within certain
limits, and there they left it. It was local, and
they who lived in its rmdst were left to its enjoy-
ment and held responsible for its existence. They
felt it to be their duty to leave it alone. They
would aid us to rid ourselves ofthe blighting in-
fluences when we might wish to remove it, but
until then we must keep it, with all its good, if
any it had, and all its evil. This, sir, was right,
and under similar circumstances their conduct
should be the same as heretofore. But things
have now materially changed.
A few words only in reference to the causes and
effects of that change. For three quarters of a
century this feeling of comity, this reverence of
the letter and spirit of the organic law, this over-
powenng desire to preserve the national unity,
had, notwithstanding the existence of slavery,
given us peace and prosperity, both public and
private, unparalleled in the growth of nations.
The genius and industry of the North gave value
to the great southern production in the discovery
of the cotton-gin and the erection of improved
machinery to convert this production into useful
fabrics. The northerners were early thrown upon
Uieir own exertions, and, taught to rely upon
those exertions, they became an active, industri-
ous, inquuing, intelligent people. The southern-
ers, I mean the moie favored, enjoying a monop-
oly in the cotton culture, and finding that slave
labor not only brought them,large profit but that
exemption fiom tod which, however coveted by
men, never fails to corrupt them,soon abandoned
themselves to pleasure and the lighteraccompliah-
ments of life. These fiivolons accomplishments
obtained in preference, because easily obtained,
to the more solid acquirements, combined with
this exemption from labor, soon created a feeling
of superiorly. They imagined themselves rich
and poweiful, and like all people under similar
circumstances, they became first proud of them-
selves and then proud of their ancestry. They
invested their Cavalier fatheis with the same he-
roic vii tues and nobility of soul that Virgil in (he
palmy days of Roman gieatness ascribed to the
founders of the imperial city. In both cases per-
haps much unreal greatness was thrust upon the
dead that the pride of the living might be exalted.
The first difficulty that presented iiself to the
southern people was to,satisfy themselves that
slavery is moially right; and the second was to
satisfy the people of the North that they could
not legally interfere with jr except in their own
States, and further that the Constitution imposed
on them the duty to protect the South in the en-
joyment of it. It was southern statesmen who in
l he earlier periods of our history had most fie reel y
assailed the institution, it was Washington, Jef-
ferson, Madison, Miushall, Mason, Martin, Wil-
liamson, and others in their own land who had
stamped slavery with the most decided disappro-
bation. But a change was to be wrought m some
way. These denunciations of the insntut ion were
to be put aside and a new dispensation pro-
claimed. Through the influence of South-Caro-
lina and Georgia alone, slavery hud secured a
footing in the compiomises of the Constitution,
and upon these compiomises the South relied for
legal protection. To ca'm the conscience, reli-
gious denominations i«usacked the Scriptures,
and finding the institution upheld under the Jewish
theocracy, and not assailed by Christ and His
nposiies under the Chnstian dispensation, this
was readily accepted as sufficient. Tiie Senator
from Delawaie thinks it sufficient even yet. As
the pioduction of cotton increased, the conviction
of the morality of slavery increased in the same
latio. Its divine character was inculcated in re-
ligion, in politics, and in morals. The justice
of slaveiy, its economy, and harmony with re-
publican institutions, were tin1 fiist impressions
stamped upon the youthful mind. The southern
people are not the only people who are blind to
ti ut h because of the pi ejudiet s of early education.
To accomplish the other end, that is, to quiet
northern men on the ,subject, to satisfy them that
lhey, not being responsible for its existence,
could not legally interfere with it, and ought to
protect the South in its enjoyment, required much
argument, But southern men attempted to fur-
