1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
iU
can say would at al] change the opinions of any
member of the committee before which my claim
has passed, nor that it could alter the determina-
tion of this House in icgard to the right I have to
a seat here; but 1 feel it due to myself,and I feel
it due to those men who, I believe, properly and
legally sent me here, to vindicate them upon this
floor before I leave Washington, and before i for-
feit all right to a presence in this House.
This question in regard to elections in Louisiana,
as well as in all the States situated as she is, is a
grave and important question. It is one not free
from difficulty, I must confess. The loyal men
of Louisiana, from the time of the passage of the
ordinance of secession, have held that they were
in the Union. We have maintained our position as
citizens of the United States,loyal to the Govern-
ment'of the United States,and we never dreamed
that we had forfeited'any right to the pro'tection
of this Government, or to our representation in
this House, in consequence of the acts of the men
who had forced Louisiana out of the Union.
It is said by some gentlemen here that we have
no government in Louisiana; that we had no right
to hold an election. Sir, if we are a State, how
do you propose to get us back? If those who
were in authority have become traitors to the Gov-
ernment of the united States, and have forfeited
their light to claim their offices there, let me ask
the gentleman how he proposes to get the State of
Louisiana back into the Union?
Suppose the loyal people of Louisiana, after the
ordinance of secession, and after the Governor
and members of the Legislature had given their
allegiance to the government of the confederate
States, had obtained the power in that State—and
we would have had that power if it had not been
for the fault of the United States Government in
failing to protect us m that great emergency—
suppose these men had lied from the State, leaving
the offices vacant, would not we have had the
power to hold an election, and to organize under
our laws and elect men who were loyal?
But it is said that we have no organization in
our State. 1 hold in my hand an official document
which I ask the Clerk to read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
[Official.]
list of officers ok the sta.te of louisiana.
Bnsadiet Geneial GeorgeF. Shopley, MUilaiy Governor
of Louisiuna.
Captain J. F. Miller, A. A. G., and Acting Mayor of New
Orleans
Lieutenant A. G. Bowles, A. D. C.
Captain J. C. Shepjey, Military Secretary.
Samuel II. T<mey, Auditor of Public Accounts,
T. (\ A. Dexter, Treasurer of Stale.
M Al0x;mder> \ Board of Health.
H. D. Baldwin, } J
John Mann, j)
Robert H. Tilfmd , > Board of Examination of Pilots.
Benjamin S. Ames,?
Edwin White, Judge Second Judicial Distiiet Court of
Louisiana.
William II. Kmght, Judge Thiid Judicial District Court
of Louisiana.
parish of orleans.
James E. Dunham, Sheriff.
3. S. VVhiiaker. Judge Sccond District Court.
Ezra Ihe>t-uul, Judge ThindDistrict Court.
Ilutus K. Iloweil, Judge Sixlh Di%tiict Court.
William II. Fish, Clerk Second District Coxirt.
C. F. Beren--, Clcik Thud DUtuct Court.
T. Winn Hall, Clerk Fourth and Ft flh District Courts.
William (J. Duncan, Clejk Sixth District Court.
John A. VVatkuts, "i
II. M. Summers I
Fianeis Coiiejolks ?
{Board of Assessors.
Willi.im It. (Jiano, Tux"Collector, First Distiiet.
D. W. C. Campbell, Tax Collector* Second Distiiet.
Charles B Lain:, Tax Collector, Third District.
John L. Davi<, Tax Collector, Fouilk District.
Chillies J/.ltd. Fast District Justice.
John A. Hitchcock, Second District Justice.
Edward Muniei, Third District Justice.
John E. SnmKnon, Fouith District Justice.
T. Drotiei. Fifth D^h id Justice.
G. M. Forey, Sixth District Justice.
John T. Barren, Seventh District Justice.
O. W. Austin, Constable Serond Dutrict Justice's Coxnt.
Joseph G. Ban in, Constable Third Distiiet Justice's Couit.
Louts Gastmel, Constable Fourth District Justice's Court.
T. McMullen, Constable Fifth Distiiet Justice's Coxnt.
Jolm W. Nundav, Constable Sixth District Justice's Court.
T. F. MeGutre, Constable Seventh Distiiet Justice's Court.
F. M. Ciozat, Rccoider of Births and Deaths,
J. Ad Hozior,
Chailes T F-tlin,
Rufus K. Ilowcil,
Samuel II Toiiey,
V). C. Holiday.
Itobeit Watson,
J. 0. P. YVedcntrand,
William II. Ilunt,
I
A. B. Scgar,
L. L. Bernaid. /• Police Jury, (right bank.)
Ch;ule<Batiine, )
E. W. Hook, )
G. C. Foiey, > School Directors, (rigkt.bank.)
Peter Steele, )
list of notaries public in orleans.
Joseph M. Day,
YV. G. Latham,
A. Bainett,
Abel Dicytou",
S.Magnor,
A. Mendiverri,
Jor-oph Cuvillicr,
Leon Langrier,
John it. Borgstede,
Daniel L. Madge.
Board of Administi utors of the
Charity Hospital.
jefferson.
John D. Schnfler, Sheriff.
John 'i'. Mieliet, liecoidej.
Robert Morris, Cleik.
W. Milhoft', Assasor.
, J. B. D'Auterie, Justice of the Peace.
Charles T. Mauler. Justice of the Peace, Fifth Ward.
Henry Parker, Constable Fifth Ward.
I). W. F. Bibbee, 1
Bapttete Hector, |
Edw;iid Gardere, ^ Police Jury.
Fianeis Thomas, I
Louh Ferret, j
L. M. Tomy, }
Joseph Wall, 5 School Directors.
John Sutton, )
Daniel L. Mudge, Notary Public.
st. bernard.
J. M. Serpas, Shcnff.
l'eter Toea, Recorder.
John S. Tully, Clerk.
plaquemines.
Robert Johnson, Sheriff.
Charles DuSillet, Recorder.
h. Lombard, Clerk.
Leo Baylu, Assessor.
Charles. Dunlley, Justice of the Peace, Third Ward.
ChailecE. De Ainiu*, Justice of the Peace,.Eighth Ward.
William Doyle, Constable Third IVard.
Plnhbeit Ba^ii, Constable Eighth Ward.
August Le^ep-,
Andrew Robinson, '
Cclostine Sawat,
August llcggio, I Police Jury.
Cluiles Baylu, \ J
 Baker, I
 Seraphon, |
John C. R«pp, j
st. charles.
George Price, Sheriff.
st. james.
Peter M. Lepice, Ska iff.
Florcnt Fortiei. j
Adam Gaudet, > Police Jury.
Emile Jacob, )
st. john the baptist.
Pierre B. MarmiUon, Sheriff.
assumption.
Joseph D. Ford, Sheriff.
Geoigo VV. Jones, Recorder and Clerk.
William W. Pu^h, i
De«tre Leblane, > Police Jut y.
John B. L. Dugas, )
asclnsion.
Silas Tayloe, She* iff.
IMuhp L amity,
(Near Ay rami,
Christophe Colombe,
Adehud Landt>,
Geotge W. Graves,
lafourche.
Matourin Bourg, Shaiff.
Emile Leblane, Rccoider.
Chaiie*. II. L. Gtienberg, Clerk.
Charloj II. E. Grienberg, Justice of the Peace, Seventh
Ward.
II. E. Lcdet,
Theopluie {faring,
Joseph NTiehoIas,
James- Seudday Perkins,
Joseph Itement,
L. C. Aubert,
tfurellonnk.
Adolphe Verret, Shenff.
J. Robert Veri-'t, Itecordei.
ilemy Newell, Clerk.
Justin Chow\in, Assessor.
J. Roheit Verict, Justice of the Peace, Sixlh Ward.
Andrew McCalltim,
Dr. FiatiCis E. Robertson,
Tobias* Gibson,
F. L. Mead,
E. F. Bnant, >■ Police Jury.
John M. Pelton,
Joseph B. D'Arce,
O. F Avcock,
W. J. Minor,
Mr. FIELD. It appears from this official an-
nouncement, made moie than a year ago, that we
have some sort of a government thatclaims to be
a civil government, judges of the courts through-
out that country within the Fi'dci.t! Hoes have
been appointed, and are now administering: the
laws and constitution of the State of Louisiana.
It will be remarked further that this patronage
in the State of Louisiana amounts to near half a mil-
Police Jury,
Police Jury.
lion dollars. The city of New Orleans pays, and
has paid annually, since its occupation by Federal
troops, near two million five hundred thousand dol-
lars in taxes collected by collectors appointed by
the military governor. Nearly two million five
hundred thousand dollars are drawn from the peo-
ple of that city annually, antl they have no voice
either in their own governmental home or in the
Congress of the United States by which the evils
they complain of can be corrected.
Independent of all that, we are paying in that
city a large amount of internal revenue collected
by the Government. The citizens have large
claims upon Hie Government, and although they
are loyal, they are denied any"voice here because
we cannot pioduce any order from some higher
authority than we have done in this case.
The gentleman from Delaware has expressed
some fears, if these elections are recognized, lest
some disloyal man should come here and oppose
measures for carrying on the war. Let me tell
the gentleman from Delaware that I can pointhim
to a thousand men in office who I fear are much
more disloyal than those in Louisiana; and he
would have no fear if he knew as well as I do
the loyalty of the people of that State to this Gov-
ernment.
Mr. SMITHERS. Permit me to say that&I had
no allusion to him in the remark which I made.
1 desire only to say that it was not personal.
'Mr. FIELD. Neithcrdol wish to be personal,
but I do not think that the gentleman from Dela-
ware ought to be scrupulous about this particular
point. I have always been a loyal man. I fought
against secession to the utmost of my power. I
endangered my life for months and months. I was
never anything else, than a loyal man; and I hope
that I never will be. I will stand by that flag where
ever it floats, and when I die I hope that it will be
in the country over which it waves. But it ap-
pears that men who have been traitors to the Gov-
ernment, who have been disloyal to the Govern-
ment, are now in great favor with some gentlemen.
They never were with me. I know, so far as my
experience and observation in Louisiana are con-
cerned, that the man who comes fresh from the bat-
tlc-ficld, his hands reeking with the blood of our
loyal men, pretending to make atonement for his
sins, is taken into favor, and that there is more re-
joicing over him than over ninety-nine loyal and
"good men. You cannot go very far from Wash-
ington to find out . But I will not say what I
was going to say. It would be traveling out of the
record.
One word to the distinguished gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevkns.] The State of
Louisiana is in the Union, or out of it. If she is
out of the Union she has no right to hold an elec-
tion. If she is a conquered province Congress
should pass laws to govern her, and when it is
necessary to let her into the Union again Con-
gress should pass a law to admit her in accord-
ance with the constitutional provision. You have
only the two alternatives: she is either in or out
of the Union. If she is out of the Union she has
no right to elect a member of Congress.
Mr. STEVENS. Allow me to say a word.
Mr. FIELD. Certainly.
Mr. STEVENS. Has the gentleman any in-
formation by what authority this military gov-
ernor wns appointed?
Mr. FIELD. I leave that to the gentleman to
answer.
Mr. STEVENS. I meant no disrespcct to the
gentleman. I thought it right to put the question
m order to indicate my position.
Mr. FIELD. I am not prepared to go into the
discussion of the question of the light or power
of this Government to appoint a military gov-
ernor. lie was appointed and has exercised the
functions of that office in the most extensive man-
ner. The honorable members of this House will
be startled when I tell them that for the officers
appointed by that military governor §600,000 of
the people's money is collected in the city of New
Orleans. Each of the judges appointed by him
gets $5,000 a year—as much almost as the judges
of the Supreme Court of the United States re-
ceive. The office of sheriff in the city of New
Orleans is worth $25,000 a year. Each of the
clerkships is woi th $6,000, and each of the judges
$6,00(1. Thei,e is the exercise of this power of
the military governor.
I have brought with me, Mr. Speaker, the re-
