2436
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May £4,
«on, Mc0ou?aH, Morgan, Morrill, Ramsey, Sprague, Sum-
ner, Wade, Wilkinson, and Willey—21.
NAYS—Mest-rs. Chandler, Grimes, Harlan, Henderson,
Hendricks, Howe, Lane of Indiana, Powell, Richardson,
Sauisbury, Sherman, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, and Van Win-
kle— 14.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Buckn.lp.w,Fp«tspnden,Haie,
Harding, Harris, Hicks, Howard, Lane of Kansas, Nesiruth,
Fomeroy, Kiddle, Wilson, and Wright—14.
So the bill was passed.
REPORTS FRO51 COMMITTEES.
Mr. HENDRICKS, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred a memorial
of Joel Wayburn Van Orman, praying for the
passage of an act authorizing the proper officers
of the Government to issue a patent to him for
certain lands in the State of Iowa, reported a bill
(S. No. 288) to amend an act for the relief of
Solomon Wads worth; which was read, and passed
to a second reading.
-He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a joint resolution (S. No. 42) to ex-
tend the time for the reversion to the United States
of the lands granted by Congress to aid in the
construction of a railroad from Pere Marquette
to Flint, and for the completion of said road, re-
ported it with an amendment.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. JOHNSON asked,and by unanimouscon-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
287) granting lands to aid in the construction of
a railroad and telegraph line from Lake Superior
to Puget sound; which was mid twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
FRENCH OCCUPATION OF MEXICO.
Mr. McDOUGALL submitted the following
resolution:
Rcsolred, That the Committee on Foreign Relations l e
discharged from ihn fuuhei conMilctaiiou of the jomi les-
oluiiou velitfivc to the substitution of monuichiciil lor re-
publican government in Mexico, under Fauopean auspice*,
the same being House resolution No. 58.
Mr, SUMNER. Let that lie over.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection be-
ing made, it must he over.
MESSAGH KItOM THE IIOUSK.
A message from the Housoof Representatives,
by Mr. McPhkhson, its'Clcrk, animunml thai
the Mouse of Representatives had agreed to some
and disagreed io other amendments of the Senate
to the bill of the House (No. H)2) making appio-
priations for the legislative, executive, and judi-
cial expenses of the Government for the year
ending 30th of June, 1SG5, and had agreed to
other amendments of the Senate to the said bill,
with amendments; in which it requested the con-
currence of the Senate.
The message further announced that the House
of Representatives had agieed to the amendments
of the Senate to the bill of the House (No. 300)
for the classification of the clerks to paymasters
in the Navy, und graduating then pay.
ENltOLLKD RILLS SKiNKD.
The message furtherannounced tlmtthe Speak-
er of the Hou.se of Representati vey had signed the
following enrol led bills; which thereupon received
the signature of the President pro tempore:
A bill (H. R. No. ]5) to piovide a tempoiary
government for the'JYiritory of Montana; and
A bill (H. R. No. 300) for the classification of
clerks to paymasters in the Navy, and graduating
their pay.
BILLS RKCOMK TAWS.
The message further announced that the Presi-
dent of the United States had approved and signed
on the 20th instant the following act and joint
resolutions:
An act (H. II. No. 251) to organize a regiment
of Veteran volunteer engineers;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 72) relative to
pay of staff officers of the lieutenant general;
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 77) relating to
Green Clay Goodloe; and
A joint resolution ([-£. R, No, 78) providing
for the election of a member of Congress for the
State of Illinois by the State at lar^  .
And on the 21st instant heapproved and signed:
An act (H. R. No. 151) making appropriations
for the naval service for the year ending June
30, 1865, and for other purposes.
VOTING IN WASHINGTON.
Mr* WADE. J desire to report a joint reso-
lution from the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia, for the passage of which there is an im-
mediate necessity. That committee have directed
me to report a joint resolution to amend the charter
of the city of Washington. It relates to the re-
gistration of voters, and if it is to be passed at all
it ought to be passed immediately. I believe
there is no objection to it. It alters none of the
present qualifications of voters, but improves the
present law as to registration, which is very de-
fective. I believe the people of the District all
want it done, and I ask for the present consider-
ation of the subject.
By unanimous consent the joint resolution (S.
No. 57) to amend the charter of the city of Wash-
ington was read twice, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It provides that in case
any person shall offer and claim the right to vote
at any election held in the city of Washington,
whose name is not registered, his name shall be
registered by the commissioners of election upon
his taking an oath or nfliimalion to answer truly
the questions put to him, if he shall state in his
answers positively that he has icsided in the city
one year next preceding the day of election, des-
ignating paiticularly the place of his residence,
and that he possesses the other qualifications of
an elector now required-, and if some qualified
elector of the city, not a candidate for any office
at the election, shall swear that he has reason to
believe and does believe that all the statements of
theapplicantare true. If the applicant be unable
to understand the English language the oath may
be interpreted to him by one of the commission-
ers or an interpreter sworn by a commissioner,
which interpreter shall also interpret the appli-
cant's answers. In lieu of presenting himself in
this manner, the applicant may present the affi-
davit of himself and a qualified elector, duly cer-
tified before any justice of the peace for the county
of Washington, satisfying the eommissioneis th.it
he has been a resident of the city one year next
preceding the day of election, and that he is oth-
erwise a qualified elector, and thereupon thecom-
missioners may cause his name to be \ egistereel
and shall thus receive his vote. Any willful false
statement is made piujury.
I\li. JOLINWON. i would ask the honoiable
mentbei who reported this joint resolution how
it changes the present law. 1 have not recently
seen the law as it stands now, and I do not know
what change (his effects.
Mr. VVADK. U points out a mode whereby
many may be registered whom the old law does
not provide for. Foi instance, where patties are
foreigners their oath may be mterpieted under
this joint rest)lu(ion. That is eme change. Then,
as the law now stands, persons cannot he legis-
teicd after the 'Hat of December pie ceding an
election; so that no oik; can vote at the coming
election in .luue who was not legistereel at the
end of last year. This enables I hem to he regis-
ter ed now. I do not know that 1 can point out
all the variations between this and the old law,
but it enables those who are qualified under the
old law and whoare not ivgisleicd to be registered
now. 1 think there is no objection to it.
M r. JO 11NSON. I do not know that theie is.
I only pioposod to ask one or two questions of
the committee by whom the icsolution was re-
pelled. 1 am not sure that 1 heatel distinctly Us
leading. Is there any limit oftime ;
Mr. GRIMES. One year.
Mr. JOHNSON. I know; but is there any
limit of tune at which a paity, if this bill passes,
may register himself? iVlay he rcgiste*r himself
on the day of the election?
Mr. WADL. On the day of election he may
be icgistercd, 1 believe.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then, hoWevei I may be
in favor of the joint lcvsolution in other respects,
I must vote against it. These registration laws
have been tiled in either places; and to leave them
open on the day of election would create confu-
sion, and would lead, as has been supposed, to
veiy great fiaud. If you limit some time before
the election when the registiation is to be made,
piovided the resolution only lets into the exer-
cise of the franchise those who aiu really entitled
to it, it would not he objectionable. It has been
found-practically that to permit men to be regis-
tered on the day of election opens the door to the
perpetration successfully of fraud, and permits
to vote a great many persons who in point of
fact are not entitled to vote: they are brought in
for the purpose. These oaths, although some
security, are not the absolute security that they
are generally supposed to be. I would suggest,
therefore, to the member from Ohio if he had
not better limit some time within which the regis-
tration may be made. To allow it to be done on
the day of election would create great confusion
at the polls, and the officers would not be able
perhaps to take the votes.
Mr. WADE. I have no objection to a limita-
tion of that kind, though it does not occur to me
that it would lead to fraud to let the provision be
as broad as it now is in the resolution.
Mr. HALE. I think it would be a good idea
to require the gentlemen who register these names
to be in session some three days prior to the elec-
tion for the purpose of receiving applications. I
believe that is thelawin ourown State, where we
have a registration; the assessors are required to
be in session tin ee days before the election.
Mr. JOHNSON. Any time that wiil enable
them todo it. If you permit it to be doneon the
day of election it leads to tumble.
Mr. WA DE. I supposed this resolution would
not lead to debate, and I promised the Senator
from Michigan, [Mr. Chandler,] who desires to
pass some bills, that if it did I would give way to
him.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to propose an amend-
ment to obviate the difficulty that is suggested.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that this joint
resolution be postponed until to-morrow and be
printed, and that we take up House bill No. 426.
The motion was agreed to.
STEAMBOAT INSPECTORS.
On motion of Mr. CHANDLER, the bill (H.
R.. No. 426) to create an additional supervising
inspector of steamboats and two local inspectors
of steamboats for the collection district of Mem-
phis, Tennessee, and two local inspectens for the
collection elistuct of Oregon, and for other pur-
poses, was considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
It provider for the appointment, in the rnodo
prescribed by law, and who shall be paid the
same annual compensation as is now paid, one
additional supervising inspector of steamboats,
and two local inspectors of steamboats, m Port-
land, in the collection district of Oregon, and two
for the collection district of Memphis, Tennessee',
at an annual compensation of ^700, to be paid as
piovided by law, as in case of other like inspect-
ors. They are toperfoim the duties and be sub-
ject to the provisions of the steamboat act of Au-
gust 30, 1852.
It also proposes to repeal so much of that act
as provides for the appointment of' two local in-
spectors of steambe>ats m the district of Wheel-
ing, on the Oiuo river, and to provide that each
engineer and pilot, licensed according to the pro-
visions of that act, shall pay for every ceitificate
granted by any inspector or inspectors the sum
of ten elollars, to be accounted for m the mode pro-
vided by law.
The amendment of the Committee on Com-
merce was to insert the following- new sections:
Si e. -I -1ml he if hat her ennctrd. That the tbrty-s-econd
section of the act o( An mist he >o eonsu m-il as to
icqune ilic inspection ot the lyill and hoiloi, in the manner
pie^eulM'd bv tliat aet; o! every ve.-vel propelled in whole
or in pait by steam, and engaged as a fei ly-hoat, tu« oi tow-
ing-hoat or canal-boat, in all'cat-as? where, under the jaws
oi the L'snU'd State.--, Mich ves-els may he emjiiged in the
com ate ice with loici^a nations, or among the -.everal States.
Slc. a. dud he it futlher cnacfed, That all en«nneen
and pilot- ot feirv-hoats, tug-boats, towing-noais, or eaeal-
ho.'iN, Mihjoef to invpeetion by this act, Mull he clarified
and licensed in the same manner as are pilots ami engi-
neeis by t-aid act e>l August .'JO, IWJ.
Sk<-. (5. ^huthe i( jmihct < Th.it, in hen of the
tee-s lor m-pi etiou le.jnned b\ ihetlmty tii-a section of the
aet of Auqu^t ^0, Is.Vi, the loilowinj* shall he prod . tor
! in h Ne-^e-i of one humhed tmi> or undo, t\vent\ live dol-
lars, und m addition tlmioto foi each one humhed ton-;,
over the fir?t one hundred tons, live dollars.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILLEY. I move to strike out the sec-
ond section of the bill in the following words:
Sue. -2. idihlbat. futiher enacted* That so much of -aid
act a- piuvide-5 foi the appointment of two local in-pcetois
ot steamboats hi the dir-ti ict o: Whet'lie", on the OJuoliver,
ami foi their compensation, is hyieLy repealed.
Mr. CHANDLER. It is the opinion of the
Treasury Department and likewise of the Com-
mittee on Commerce that inasmuch as there are
two other inspection districts on the Ohio riv($,
