414
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
vised laws of the State of Louisiana and the con-
stitution of that State adopted in 1852. One sec-
tion of the latter provides that—
" Every white male who hag attained the age of twonty-
one years, and who has been a resident of the STate twelve
months next preceding the election, shall be a qualified
voter.'7
The military governor undertook to repeal that
partof the constitution. He changed it by a mil-
itary order. I did not know that the military
^governor, assuming that he exercises the func-
tions of a governor out of office, had the power
to change any law. 1 thought that his duty was
to execute the laws. I did not know that he had
the authority entirely to abrogate any portion Of
the constitution or laws. But he did so. He is-
sued his order declaring that any person residing
in the State six months preceding the election
should be a qualified voter. Here is the order:
State of Louisiana, City oy New Orleans, £
Office of Commissioner of Registration. >
The following rules and icgulations aiepicsciibed for the
guidance of registers of voteis, appointed to make a regts-
tration under order from the executive depaittnent of the
State, dated June 12,1663, and Octobei 0,18(33:
1. The office of commissioner of k-jus tint ion tor the State
will be held at No. 18 Catondelet stieet, Room No. l,New
Orleans. It will be open duung business houis of the day.
AH communications will be addicsrd to the commissioner
at that place. Persons having infoiniatton to imparton the
subject of the legistration of voteis are invited to visit the
office at all times.
Q. Each register of votci ? before entering upon the dis-
charge of Ins duties as such shall take and subscribe befote
any judge, justice of the peace, or other oflicer authorized
to administer oaths, the following oath or affirmation:
form of oath or affirmation.
 5 Jo solemnly swear (or affirm) that I am a
citizen of the United States of Amcueu; that I have resided
six months in the State of Louisiana, and one month in
this parish; that I am of the age of twenty-one yeaib and
upwards ; that I will bear true faitli aud allegiance to the
United States of America, and will suppoit the Constitu-
tion theieof; and that t nowiegister myself as a voter, fi ee-
ly aud voluntauly, for the puiposc of oigamzing a .State
government in Louisiana, loyal to the Government of tiie
United States; and that I will to the bestol my ability faith-
fully peilorm the functions oi legistei of voteis lor the p-ti-
itii (or distiict) ot .
A copy of fhi? oath, duly swoi n, subscribed, and attested,
shall be (brwaided to Thomas J. Durant, attorney geneial
and commissioner of icgistiation, New Oilcans.
y. The book foi the icgistiation of voleis shall be inlcd
on each page, in as many columns as will be necessary to
show the name aud icsidenee Of each votei; and on the
fir-t page of the hook shall be inscribed the oath lequned l y
section two to be- taken by the register, which he sdiall take
and subscribe, and proeiue the iir>t to be affixed to by the
officer administering the same.
A. Each icgistei, as soon a> he shall have b''en qualified,
shall enter upon the discharge of his duties. He shall open
Ins office at convenient points in the paiish, to be selected
by himself, unlessotheiwise designated by.supeitoi autiioi-
iiy, and give such public notice of the l.iot and locality as
may bo practicable.
5. The oiliecs *hall be kept open for the registration of
voteis duiiiig liuMiics-i houis evoiy day except holidays.
ft. It shall be the duty of each icgistei of voteis to in-
scribe upon his book eveiy citizen of the United States, a
resident sn months in the Stale,aud oueinouth in the par-
ish, and who shall take the following oath or affumation :
form ok oath or XI firim.vtion\
I, , do r-olcmiily swear (or affirm) that I ain
a citizen of the United States of Ameuca; that f have re-
sided six months in the State of Louisiana, and one month
hi thispansh; that ! am of the aire of twenty-one yeans and
upward-; that I will beat tine taith and allegiance to the
United State*- of Amenea. and u ill -uppnn the Constitu-
tion thereof; and that 1 now iegi ter im^Uf a- a votei,
freely «iml voluntarily, foi the pni po^c ofoi yantzihsr a State
government in Louisiana, loyal to the Government of the
United States.
7. Any person taking the afhdavits prescnbcd either in
the second oi sixth sections, and swearing falsely m any
mateiial pait thereof, shall be deemed guilty of peijuiv,
and liable to pioseeution and puni.shment accoidiudv.
Jt is enjoined upon each register to be caiefnl in ad-
miuifctei iug the preset ibed oath, and in taking down ao u-
lately the name and lesidem e of the voter; aud dihceiitly
to ascertain that the applicants for registration are loyal to
the Government of the tinned States."
9. It is furthci enjoined upon the legifters of voteis to
u->e their whole mfiueiK e and employ all honorable means
to piocute a lull and fair legislation of all loyal men en-
titled to be registeied; and ail well-wishers ot t!ie country
nie earnestly iequested to encourage the recistiation.
10. The otiV-es of the icgisteis of voteis will be kept open
until closed bv due notice from this olhee.
1 THOMAS J. DURANT,
attorney Geneial, and Commissioner nf llczislrafion.
Appioved : G. F. .SIIFi'LFY,
Military Governor of J.ouwiana.
New Orlfans, October >28, 13t>3
You see now, Mr. Speaker, the condition ill
which the people of Louisiana were placed by
this order changing the constitutional provision
in legard to the qualification of voters. On read-
ing that order I was struck with profound sur-
prise, and I searched in vain to find some war-
rant or authority to justify the military governor
in thus striking from our constitution the most
important clause in regard to the qualification of
voters. All the power was given by the military
governor to his attorney general—the power of
registration of votes throughout the States, with
power to appoint sub-registers. And is this not
a very extraordinary .power to have emanating
from a military governor? Sir, there was no
such power attempted to be exercised on any for-
mer occasion, or in any other State situated as
Louisiana was.
As early as September 19 of last year, the peo-
ple met together in the city of New Orleans from
the different portions of the State then within Fed-
eral lines, and held a convention. Gentlemen ask
by what authority we held this election; where
was our warrant? I say to gentlemen that if we
had no authority or warrant for doing it, our laws
are nugatory, and we have no rights, and our State
is out of the Union in consequence of the rebel-
lion.
Upon the assembling of that convention—and
I say this ill vindication of myself and the loyal
people of Louisiana—a communication was ad-
dressed to the military governor of Louisiana, as
will appear by a document which I ask may be
read.
The Cleik read, as follows:
New Orleans, September 19,1863.
A meeting of the citizens resident in the hist and second
congressional districts of the State of Louisiana assembled
this 18th day of September, instant, (1803.) at the hour of
six o'clock p. m., at No. 83 St. Chailes stieet, m this city,
to consult as to measures neeessaiy for the establishment
of civil government in Louisiana.
Mr. J. Ci. A. Kellowes called the meeting to oidcr, and
explained its object,
When, on motion of Colonel A. P. Field, Dr. J. L.Rid-
dell was called to the chair to preside,and,ou motion, Mr.
Ilohcit J. Ker was appointed secietary.
Mi. J. CI. A. Fellowes oifcied the following resolution :
Resolved, Thnt a committee of live members be appointed
to wait on liKs Fxeellency Geoige F. Shepley, miiuai.v gov
einor of Louisiana, to invite his coupeiation in thc-object
contemplated.
On motion, raid lesolufion was amended by incieasing
the number ot the committee to nine membeis, and unani-
mously adopted. *
Wheieupon the chau appointed the following gentlemen
to compose the committee :
Messi-^. J. U. A. Fellowes, C. Itaselius, A. P. Field, Win.
J. Minor, JO. F. Malhiot, H. B. Foley, J. M. Lapiu, II. T.
Wnaid, and Judge F White.
Judge F. White lnu nig declined, on motion, Di. Riddeil
was appointed in his Mead.
On motion, the meetingadiouined until to-mouow even-
ing, lDtli instant, at half past six o'clock p. m.
SatI'RDay. September 19, 1SG3.
The meeting of citizen.-., pursuant to adjournment, as-
sembled tins evening at half past six o'clock p. m.; JDi. J.
L. Itiddell pleading
The minutes of the last evening weie read, and, on mo-
tion. appioved.
Mi. J. Q. A. Fcllowc*, in behalfof the special committee
to whom was assigned the duty of waiting on his Excel-
lency Geoiiie F. Shepley, mihtaiy governor of Louisiana,
fUbmnted the following icpoit:
Youi committee appointed to communicate with his Ex-
cellent v Uovcmoi Shepley, and icque-f his eo >peiation
with us m the speedy and effective rcestahh^hment of civil
government in Louisiana, icspectfuMy icpoit. That they
\\ aited upon hnn agieeablj to their appointment and present-
ed to bun the wishe.s and views of this meeting, Mr. Kaso-
lius acting as spokesman. Alter a somewhat lengthy inter-
view, the, govemot declined to oidei an election loi membeis
ot Congress until aftei tin1 Jrtate should be ledisti icted under
the eenMi.-ot and in aceoidanee w ith a la wot Congress
jequu i tig siieli apjioi lion me nt. 11 <• .tl^o ib < lined to oi d< i any
elechon wliatevci u nlil he • houM leciMVe pisti net ions to
that effect hom Wa-slungfon, .w In- had a ked nisi; nrnons.
and had not as } et iecei\ ed them ; but e\piessf<i his wiII-
mmn>s to at once toiwaid to the Ihe-ident r f the (United
Slates any communication whic h the committee might sec
fit to addles-; lum upon the subject. As it was. nece^aiy
that this communication should be picscnied hemic four
p. m., vom committee pi epai ed,signed, and pie.-onted to the
Govei uoi m due time the communication a copy of which
k- heicw ith appended.
All of which is le-pcctfullv submitted.
jr. a. a. FFrj.owFS,
For Committee.
Gkneral : At a meeting of loyal citizen? of Louisiana
convened at No. S3 £t. Chailes <-tieef, in this city, on the
lsth Hepfemhci. instant, the umb'isicned woe appointed
1 a committee to cominuuicatf with your Fvcellencv, aud
! advise upon tie' sulei-ct of t lu; lec'st ibi i-S:iiie!it of civil
| p.\ ci mnent. We wnt' 'p-'ciallv msfi ucti-d to a-lcjour
I Fx.'elleik\v, as u c now i >'spix iluilv do, to i--ii • o'- sown as
j maj be to'the ptopei ofhceis in the ^cveial p'uislms ot
Louisiana will - of election loi the lii ->t Monday of Novem-
ber next, for ^tate otiicei.s and the Lejrisl.uutc, all in ac-
coidance with the constitution aud laws of Louisiana.
We have the hoitot to sulnc-iibc ouiselves \oui obedient
'-ei vant-*, &c.
To his Fxeeiloncy iliisadier Geneial Gi.oiigeF^Siiepley,
Mihlaty Goicrnor oj Louisiana.
Mr. FIELD. It will be perceived that the ob-
ject of that meeting was to avoid having any dif-
ficulty w i th the military authorities in Louisiana,
and to secure their cooperation, aid, and support,
in order to enable us to come back with our Repre-
sentatives in Congress, that we might then be
considered as restored to the Union.
We had no complaint to make against the mil-
itary authority. We were all upon the best terms
—and we are yet—with both the military gov-
ernor and the commatidinggeneral of that depart-
ment. We not only addressed this communica-
tion to the military governor at an early period—
long before the time provided by law for holding
the election—but we invited the protection of the
military authority; their sanction, their order, if
you please, if it was necessary, that we should go
on and restore the State to the Union.
Some gentlemen say we had no right to do it,
because the State had not been districted. Sup-
pose, for instance, that the State of Connecticut,
thiough her Legislature, should fail at the next
apportionment to district the State; suppose Con-
gress failed to provide a time and place for hold-
ing the election for members of Congress; upon
what principle of republican government would
you pretend that the people should be denied all
their rights to elect Representatives under that ap-
portionment? If Connecticut had four members,
and still retained four, where would be the injury
in point of fact, and where would be the absolute
violation of law,in pursuing such a course? Sup-
pose the Governor of Pennsylvania, or the Gov-
ernor of Maryland, should fail to issue his proc-
lamation, according to law, setting forth the time
of holding an election for members of Congress,
would that invalidate the right of the people to
vote, and to vote upon the day and in the mode
pointed out by law?
Mr. SMITH, (interrupting.) I would suggest
to the House that in consequence of the ill health
of the gentleman who is now occupying the floor,
and the desire of the gentleman from Missouri
[Mr. Bi,ow] to announce the death of a former
member of this House, the gentleman from Louis-
iana be permitted to resume liis argument on Mon-
day next.
The SPEAKER.. That may be done by a post-
ponement of this matter.
Mr. SMITH. I move that the further consid-
eration of this subject be postponed until Monday
next, at one o'clock.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state for
the information of the House that the eniollment
bill, so called, was postponed until two o'clock
on Monday, and the bill in reference to conferring
the rank oflieutenantgeneral was postponed until
after the morning hour of that day.
Mr. IIOLMAN. I would suggest that this sub-
ject be postponed until after the morning hour.
Mr. DAWES. I do not see any objection to pro-
ceeding to-day, unless the gentleman from Louis-
iana requests a postponement. I do not think the
case will occupy much time after the gentleman
finishes his remarks.
Mr. FIELD. I will state to the gentleman, the
chairman of the Committee of Elections, that he
knows I have been exceedingly indisposed for
several days past, and I prefer that the matter
slull gn over.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I hope that if this
matter is postponed at all it will be postponed un-
til after the other orders made for Monday next.
I shall not consent that this business shall be so
postponed as to interfere with the orders already
made.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I would suggest that it be
postponed until one o'clock 011 Tuesday, if that
will meet the approbation of the gentleman from
Louisiana, (Mr. Field.)
Mr. GARFIELD. I understand that that does
meet with his approbation.
i Mr. DAWES. I would inquire of the Chair
i if, in that case, this question would override the
i other measures which have been made special or-
j dcrs for Monday next and from day to day until
j disposed of.
1 The SPEAKER. It would; inasmuch as the
resolution now befoie the House affects the right
; of a member to his scat,it would take precedence
j of all other matters.
I Mr. DAWES. I am very anxious to have this
^ matter disposed of, so as to get it ontof the way
1 of more important business. It is due to the Com-
i mittee of Elections that early action should be had
