1864.
TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
1461
are now acting against those with whom they re-
cently acted. Why do they thus wage war upon
those with whom so recently they acted polit-
ically? It cannot be because the South is defend-
ing slavery against actual aggression, for under
the Constitution they had a right to defend it if at-
tacked. Shall I be answered that the South made
the war before the institution was attacked, and
that their only wrong consists in this? The South
declares that the rebellion was inaugurated to pro-
tect slavery against northern aggression. Then
the northern Democracy at the least must admit
that such is the character and influence of the in-
stitution that jf drove the southern people into
unnecessary war before it was jeopardized by the
action of Government. They mustadmitthat the
groundless fears of those whom they have defended
in the enjoyment of slavery heretofore, not upon
principles of eternal justice, but because it was
thought to be the hard conditions of the contract,
have brought upon us the innumerable miseries of
this strife. If such be the character of slavery,
let us examine the propriety of retaining it.
The war is upon us. The Union is severed in
the name of slavery. The civilized world regards
slavery as the remote or proximate cause of the
war. I discard the question of who is responsi-
ble for it—whether the North or the South. I look
at things as they are, and ask what is now our
duty? Nine tenths, perhaps, of the loyal men
of the country conscientiously believe that sla-
very is morally wrong and an evil in government.
If they were to-day constructing a new Govern-
ment, they would prohibit slavery. This I as-
sume to be an admitted proposition. The rebels
on the other hand assert its morality, and have
established a government whose foundation-stone
is slavery. In the interest of slavery they claimed
the right to sever the Union. They have done
so, to the extent of their power. We have de-
nied this assumed right, and the issue is involved
in the pending war. The rebels declare thatsla-
veiy cannot ionget exist under our Government;
that the two things, slavery and the Federal Union,
have become incompatible. In this alleged belief
was found the motive for secession, and in it to-
day consists the strength of secession.
But while so large a majority of our people be-
lieve slavery to be wrong, perhaps but a small
number, comparatively, believe that Congress
possesses the power to abolish it. In other words,
they confess that the moral law condemns it,but
that the Constitution tolerates it. As an original
proposition they think it should never have ex-
isted, but being in existence when the Govern-
ment was framed, they think our forefathers may
have adopted the wisest policy in regard to it, if
its adoption had been followed by peace.
The sum total of our present position is that a
great wrong, in a moral and social point of view,
was admitted into the organic law, under a sup-
posed necessity for union. Those opposed to
slavery were willing to bear its evils in consider-
ation of the blessings to be derived from a union
of the States. If those evils had continued to be
compensated by the blessings of peace, prosper-
ity, and repose, which union would have given,
the same reasons that influenced the framers of
the Government originally might now be urged
in its defense with some show of propriety.
But the friends of slavery in its name have de-
stroyed our peace and given us war; they have
taken away our prosperity and given us debt and
taxes; they have broken our repose and given us
the calamities of a civil strife; in fine, they have
rudely severed the bond that bound them to the
Union, and now defiantly mock the faith that once
gave them protection.
Mr. Piesident, all will admit that if slavery be
responsible for our condition, there are but few
circumstances of mitigation to be urged in its fa-
vor. With bloody hands and devilish visage it
craves no mercy yet, but points to new fields of
carnage and destiuction. Its friends have been
appalled at its wickedness. The predictions of
its enemies have been verified as fully as weie
the prophecies of Elisha in regard to the future
cruelties of the Persian minister.
Then we all admit that slavery is wrong, and
that its friends have driven the country to unne-
cessary war. If they made war once, they may
make it again. We cannot remove anti-slavery
convictions. Therefore the restoration of slavery
is a restoration of political strife. History will
ij repeat itself. New wars will come. The inno-
cent will suffer again. Shall we then leave sla-
very to fester again in the public vitals? Even
its foolish fears have well-nigh ruined the na-
tion. They have sent to untimely graves thou-
sands of men, yea, hundreds of thousands. They
have clothed the country in the weeds of mourn-
ing, and inflicted burdens under which far distant
generations must toil and groan. If slavery has
committed this great iniquity once, what guar-
antee can it give of future forbearance and peace?
It has none to give; and if it had a thousand guar-
antees, it would not give one. The friends of
slavery staked its existence upon the result of this
rebellion. If rebellion fails, the most sanguine of
those fiiends expect slavery to cease. They do
not thank their old Democratic associates of the
North for this clamor which demands " the Union
as it was, the Constitution as it is." They would
not have either, if so, why this rebellion ? They
had them both before it commenced. They might
have had them to-day, but they cast them aside,
making a constitution and a union for themselves,
differing from the old only in that it builded on
slavery. In support of their position they have
staked their lives, and never have they asked for
peacc on any terms that do not involve a dissolu-
tion of the Union.
The following cornmentof the Richmond Whig
on the recent speech of Mr. Vooiuiees, of In-
diana, in the other House of Congress, 1 know
to be the sentiments of the secessionists without
exception. I desire to read it for the benefit of
my northern Democratic filends:
"Yet Mr. VooKHEff. iepre?enting tho&e who claim to
he tin* ' peace part)' of the Noith, the old Democracy,
the peculiar ftiend* ot' the South, wain- u^, with a de-
lighilut .simplicity, not to look foivvaid to «ep,tr<uion and
independence. lie commences l>y sajinathat a nation
which once in.-,os its hbert\ never leaauis n. lie proves
that the Yank) es have !< <t then hbrity, and then .-a}sthat
the next presidential election will put an end to wai and
death, and brinsj a constitutional union of the States. He
f-ajsthat the Constitution i-> ovenhrown; that justice, is
annihilated; th.it the gtiatunteo ol public* liberty are dte-
ifgaided ; that the Government is lumfd and bankrupt;
its civil agents eonvjpt and wicked, and it*< military agents
brutal and infamous. And he amiably invites the South
to p.n u< ipate in tliese unequal* d and uopurnlh led bit *s-
mgs. fie beckons us on to this deiiyhtlul enteiiaminent,
allium? us that m the eoopeiatmn ot'thi; eons..! vative men
of the Noith we have a ban1? ot peifeet security tor our
ricbts and institution^. It would really seem to be tune
that these 4 consei vative men' had abandon! d al! Mich
puerile delusions, and admitted the indisputable iaet that
the South 15 fightmy for mdep< ndenoe of th< Yankee
Union, and that what they call our lights in the Union are
piiicisel} what we do not want. His time the} uudeistood
that we/have wa^'d tiuee years ot bitter waitare, that we
have fousdit a bundled battle^, gi\ en up oui son-- and oui
brothets to the i-latitrhtei, and Hibimtted to the de-olation
o! our homes, tiie devasiatiou ol our fields, and the bom
b.uduii m of our eities, not bj .my means that the end of
all should be a new alliance with the northern Domociaey,
a recutiettee to the lunitrue-? and corruptions of the old
Union, it is time that they saw eleaily that we wish
neither a repetition of the humiliating p.uti-an alliances
and conflicts ot the past nor <i paiticipation in the Yankee
fclaveij, ol the pi ( sent. We have got happih i id of the one,
and we are deieniiuu'd never to f-ubmit to the oth< iV
That is the sentiment to-day of evei y secession-
ist in the South. Whether we shall conquer them
or not is another question; we shall not, I fear,
unless we unite, if they intended this war in de-
fense of sacred rights violated by us, and no other
redress was available, they are justified by the
teachings of human liberty in this woik of rev-
olution, and the Democracy me recreant to every
] principle of their faith so long as they refuse them
recognition. If the Democracy vote money and
[, men to continue this war against rebellion, they
]j eithei admit the war on our part to be just, or
jj themselves to be hypociites and knaves. If the
i] South be right, every blow we give is a blow
j; against the right, and we are but burdening our-
j selves with debt to incur the contempt of poster-
ii ity. if the South be wrong, the wrong springs
!] as they say from slavery. They themselves give
'I no other cause for their withdrawal. If slavery
be not antagonistic to our institutions, why was it
!; not safe under the Constitution? If not safe be-
i, fore the war it cannot be safe hereafter. If mere
Ij apprehension of attack was sufficient in times of
j, profound peace and prosperity to drive its friends
!; to war upon their Government, the now qutck-
:l ened piejudices against it will render them still
! moie restless and uneasy in ease the Union with
!' slavery be restored. If the moial conflict proved
ij to be unceasing before the war, it will be truly
i! iiresistible hereafter if slavery remains. Oppo-
sition to slavery will die when slavery itself dies.
It will not die sooner, for, slavery being a wrong,
the tnotal sentiments are in constant revoltagainst
it. It is prejudicial to the public interests, and
therefore considerations of public good condemn
it. A majority of the people, whatever may be
the fact, believe it is responsible for the sufferings
of the present war, and the desire to punish it as
the chief architect of ruin is natural enough. In
all its relations, it heretofore conflicted with our
ideas of justice. It now stands associated with
barbarity and all uncharitableness. Therefore,
humanity and reason and instinct tell ua to re-
ject it.
It is sometimes said the Republican party is
dead, and the Democracy can restore peace to the
country by bringing back the old regime. As aft
organization the Republican party mery be dead,
but the principle of anti-slavery is not dead. A.
deep conviction of the injustice and impolicy of
siaveiy yet lives. That conviction is now stronger
than ever. It has been made so by the many
crimes recently committed in the name of the in-
stitution. In my honest judgment, Mr. Presi-
dent, slavery and rebellion, by the action of par-
ties, by the course of events which none of us can
now control, have become so closely and inti-
mately allied that they must share the same fate.
If the rebellion succeeds, slavery for many years
may be a cherished institution in the South. If
it fails, the rebels themselves will be found too
honoiabie to ask its continuance. If my positions,
then, be correct, the following propositions are
true: first, slavery, being detrimental to public
and private interests, anti-republicun m its tenden-
cies, and subversive of good government, should
now he abolished; second, the Constitution as it
now stands confers upon Congress no power to
abolish it; and third, to attain the ends which are
essential to the estabhshmentand maintenance of
peace, a change in the Constitution, the peaceful
and effective modeof governmental reform wisely
provided by oar ancestors for throwing off such
evils as now afflict us and for utilizing the experi-
ence of history as developed in national progress,
should at once be made.
Our ancestors acknowledged the truth when
they proclaimed the inalienable right of liberty
unto all men. That declaration gave them liberty.
It fired the world and enlisted the sympathies of
civilization. So soon as they obtained it for them-
selves, however, the false counsels of expediency
came to refuse it to others. When the test of
practical government was to be applied, they were
content to declare in the preamble of the Consti-
tution one of its objects to be " to secure the
blessings of liberty" to themselves and their pos-
terity. In the body of the instrumentthe liberty
of the African is not secured. His return to sla-
very is enjoined. In this contradiction is the ele-
ment of strife. Truth and error cannot be recon-
ciled. Right and wrong cannot dwell together
in peacc." This effort to reconcile antagonisms
was vain. It fiist brought political convulsions;
it then biought war. In the kingdom of nature,
volcanic disturbances follow the union of fire and
combustible material. From various causes the
disturbances may he unfelt for many years, but
eventually they return, and cease not till the ma-
terial is consumed. This thing of slavery is a
heresy. The fire of truth is upon it, and the moral
world will be convulsed until it is consumed. The
strong desne for peace may induce some new con-
cession in its favor. This might srqpther the
flames for a few years. Such peace would not be
permanent. In process of time our cities would
again be blasted by its upheavmgs; our fields
again scorched by its burning lava.
Mr. President, the country may not yet be pre-
pared for the announcement, but I am free to say-
but two alternatives in this matter present them-
selves to my mind. There are but two sides to
thequestion. The one is Union without slavery;
the other is the immediate and unconditional ac-
knowledgment of the southern confederacy. To
this end must it come at last. For the expression
of this sentiment I shall be called a fanatic. I
| cannot help it; it is my opinion, and it is my duty
to say it. if it be fanaticism, U is only that spe-
cies of fanaticism that springs from conviction.
It results not from any sudden abhorrence of sla-
very, for I have been in its midst all nny life. It
does not spring from hatred of slaveholders, for,
whether in honor or shame, I am a slaveholder
to-day.
