416
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29.
acter of Noell which, whether fully appreciated
to-day or not, will be remembered hereafter as the
element of a bold, broad, national statesmanship.
Living on the Mississippi, appreciating the ex-
haustless capacity for production of that valley,
he realized the necessity to St. Louis, to Mis-
souri, to the West, to the whole nation, of open-
ing another channel by which the great river of
the West should reach the sea—a channel by
which the ocean could be reached as well through
the lakes, the Hudson, arid St. Lawrence, as by
the Gulf of Mexico. Another Mississippi, from
the mouth of the Missouri to the lakes, and from
the lakes to the ocean,already so nearly consum-
mated, was, he felt, a great necessity required for
the commercial and agricultural development,
military security, and political unity of our coun-
try. When this idea is realized, let Noell be re-
membered as one of its earliest and most ardent
friends.
He was a western man, without the graces of
literary culture, but with a strong, vigorous na-
ture; one of those diamonds in the rough, one of
that race of great *nen of the country, somewhat
rude, perhaps, who seem destined to shape the
destinies of this western woild and mold its na-
tional character.
Mr. ROLLINS, of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I
rise not for the purpose of delivering a studied
eulogium upon the life and character of our de-
ceased friend, but simply to make a remark or
two, adding my humble testimony of the merits
of the deceased, to the remarks which have al-
ready been made by the gentlemen who have ad-
dressed the House.
It was my good fortune, sir, to have a familiar
acquaintanceship with the deceased for more than
twenty years, and I think I can safely say that
he was in all respects a just, a true, and an hon-
orably man.
The deceased had not the advantage of early
literary culture; he had but few aids in early life,
such as many men have, to press them forward;
he relied mainly upon his own exertions; and to
his own strong will and stout heart was he mainly
indebted for that honorable distinction to which
he attained in life.
A native of Virginia, he was for thirty years
prior to his death a citizen of the State of Mis-
souri. Adopting the legal profession, it was not
long before he attained a high rank in that part of
the State where he was a practitioner. I think I
may safely say that but few men anywhere, in
any State, have been more highly prized on®ac~
count of their individual virtues or for their pro-
fessional attainments than was John W. Noell
by his constituents.
Some fifteen years ago I had the honor of serv-
ing for four years with him in the Senate of the
State of Missouri. 1 found him there, sir, a ge-
nial companion, a cultivated gentleman, afaithlul
and true representative of those who hadconfuled
their interests to his hands.
He was a member, as has already been stated,
oftheThirly-Sixth Congress,elected by the Dem-
ocratic party of that day, and was reelected to the
Thirty-Seventh Congress. All the gentlemen in
this Hall to-day who served with him in the for-
mer Congress, will, I know, bear willing testi-
mony to the truth of all that has been spoken of
him here to-day. lie was a candidate for reelec-
tion to the Thirty-Eighth Congress, and received
his certificate of election, although his seat was
contested by the honorable gentleman [Mr. Scott]
who sits before me, and who now occupies that
place.
Shortly after the adjournment of the Thirty-
Seventh Congress Mr. Noell was taken sick in
this city, and after a long and painful illness he
died here on the 14th day of March last. 1 hap-
pened to have been detained here after the adjourn-
ment of that Congress, it was my privilege to
be occasionally at his bedside during his last ill-
ness, aad I found him, at the verge of the grave,
as I had found him in life—the same true, just,
and honorable man. Although it grieved him
deeply that he was to breathe his last, far from
those who knew him best and who loved him
most, I can say that he died with a brave heart,
and, as I believe, a true patriot and a sincere
Christian. <
A short time since a friend of Ins who knew
him far more intimately than I did, or than any
member on this floor did, placed in my hand a
short memoir of his life. I do not desire now to
have it read to the House,but I will take the lib-
erty of appending it to the few remarks that I
have made in order to preserve on the public po-
litical records of the country a faithful synopsis
of his life, presenting many attractive points in
his private and public life that will be read here-
after by those who seek his record, who loved
him while he lived, and will cherish his fame and
his memory now that he has gone to
"The undiscovered country from whose bourne
No traveler returns."
memoir.
John William Noell was born in Bedford
county, Virginia, February 22, 1816. Until four-
teen years old he was engaged partly in woiking
his father's farm and partly in attending (partic-
ularly in winter) what was called in those days
the old field school. This was all the education
he received at school. He had great ambition,
and outstripped all competitors. He became con-
versant with all that was taught there, and par-
ticularly excelled in history and geography. At
fourteen he took charge of his father's farm as
overseer, superintending the labor, making pur-
chases, and selling the crops of tobacco. At sev-.
enteen he cameWestwith the family, andstopped
atFredericktown, Missouri. Remained there six
mouths. While there he went to school twenty
days to learn book-keeping. Came with the fam-
ily to Perry county and settled on a farm near
Perryville. Labored there for a year. Reviewed
his old school-books—none others could be had.
Was employed by a merchant in Pcrryville as
clerk, where he remained until his father's death
At nineteen his employer sent him to Pike county,
Missouri, to take charge of a stock of goods and
sell them. At twenty he married his employer's
adopted daughter. The next year he returned to
Pcrryville, and commenced merchandising for
himself, which business he followed until, about
1842, he was elected clerk of the circuit court of
Perry county to fill a vacancy occasioncd by the
death of the former incumbent. In 1847 he was
reelected clerk. Duringthe term of hisclerkship
he commenced the study of law, tno'*c, it seems, to
assist him m the discharge of the duties of his of-
fice than with any ultimate view to the practice
of the profession. About the year 1850, being
thirty-four years of age, he resigned his clerkship
and commenced to practice law. In this profes-
sion he found his true vocation. His close in-
vestigation of rudiments and principles of juris-
prudence, his quickness to perceive and act on
emergencies, and his clear judgmentfitted him to
comprehend the most intricate case, to evolve the
main points and apply the correct principles of
law to them. Also his complete mastery over all
subjects which he had studied, his genial and en-
thusiastic disposition, his ready wit, made him
powerful before a jury. His probity of character
also helped his i ising in business. His merchan-
dising failed; he then purchased a mill, and when
he seemed in a fair way to become prosperous it
washed away completely, after that when hehad
accumulated a little property lie became involved
in debts as security for others. In all these in-
stances he was left penniless and in debt; he
surrendered voluntarily nil his property to the
payment of his creditors, and went to work at
something else and paid what remained due.
In the fall of 1850 he was elected a member of
the Missouri Senate and was reelected in 1852,
serving four yeais. While there he adhered main-
ly to principles of policy which he seems to have
adopted at an early age, namely, that a Govern-
ment should not embark in schemes affecting par-
ticular individuals. He opposed the various sys-
tems of railroads which were seeking aid from the
State, and contended that they were sectional in
their benefits and had no sufficient foundation in
the geography of the country to support them or
indemnify the State. Withoutgivnig active sup-
port to any he favored a road from St. Louis to
some place on the Mississippi river below freez-
ing-point This was projected and afterwards
builtas far as PilotKnob. He also favored a road
from Cairo to connect at Fulton, Ai kansas, with
a projected Pacific railroad from Memphis. .This
Cano and Fulton road was partly built, but the
rebellion stopped its further progress.'
In 1856 he took an active part in the political
campaign, supporting the Democratic party and
mainly opposed to the American or Know-Noth-
ing party. The tide of emigiation which annu-
ally pours in to this country, he contended, elevated
the physical and mental condition of the nation.
He cited the Anglo-Saxon race as a proof of the
benefits of the amalgamation of races. But he
chiefly opposed the party because he deemed it
inconsistent with the spirit of our Republic to pro-
scribe classes for the accident of birth or religion.
In 18,58 he became a candidate for Congress.
At that time a fever of excitement on the question
of internal improvements pervaded the Stale.
The projected railroads were incomplete, and
among others the St. Louis and*lron Mountain
road, projected to run through his whole dis-
trict from north to south, and the Cairo and Ful-
ton, running across the south end of the district..
Besides this no surveys of the intermediate loca-
tions of said roads were determined on, so that
more than half the people of his district, encour-
aged by local politicians, confidently expected,
each one, a road through his own county. A
grant of land from the General Government to the
State was looked for to help the bankrupt roads
on to completion. He opposed the Gcneial Gov-
ernment donating lands or money to States or in-
dividual corporations for sectional improvements.
The mountains of solid iron ore, situated in a
populous part of his district, were looming up into
importance. It was said that this inexhaustible
store of mineral was a mine of wealth to Mis-
souri, which had until lately been closed by an
odious " ad tv^ovem tariff;" that it still needed pro-
tection of a higher tariff, as they still exported
their mineral to JEngland to have it wrought. He
was not much in favor of a discriminating tariff at
all; and he was firmly opposed to a high protect-
ive tariff which would accumulate more money
than needed for revenue purposes.
On these questions the interests of the railroads
and the Iron Mountain, each embracing a large
moneyed class, were enlisted against him. Also 
the interests of a majority of the people of his dis-
trict seemed opposed to him. No newspaper in
his district or in St. Louissupported him; on the
contrary, many were loud in their denunciations
of him. Every demonstration of eclat which the
appliances of money could originate was brought
to bear against him. His whole nature was roused
for the contest. With an energy and endurance
of which few are capable,he canvassed the whole
district. Meeting the people, he discussed his
principles, opposing all which they at firstdeemed
themselves interested m sustaining. On these
broad grounds of consistent policy he made a bril-
liant campaign. He received an overwhelming
majority over his opponent, (Colonel Zeigler,)
who was a man of popular manners and marked
ability. Mr. Noell received 10,404 votes, and
Colonel Zeiglei 5,808 votes. It was jestingly said
that he was beaten on the day of the election, but
that the backwoods precincts kept the polls open
a week that the bare footed Democrats might gather
in from the flinty hills and long hollows and vote
for him. He was a great favorite among the com-
mon people, though he never flattered them. They
had,as the masses often do, an instinctive appreci-
ation of his worth.
In I860 he was again elected to Congress. He
did not take much pains for himself, but labored
assiduously befoie and after his election for Mr.
Duuglas for the Presidency. He was opposed to
the latter on the question of popular sovereignty,
but he laid aside all personal preferences and
worked for him as the only salvation of the
Union. He prophesied an attempttodissolvethe
Union when the southern delegates with drew fiom
the Baltimoie convention. The aristocratic tend-
ency of southern gentlemen, and the dictatorial
bearing they assumed toward the nation, inspired
him with misgivings as to their loyalty. Their
contempt for republican institutions and threats
of secession and resistance to Federal power dis-
closed to him their treasonable designs. At one
time, when he met several distinguished speakers
atFredericktown, Missouri, among whom were
General Watkins and Trusten Polk, they were
all loud in their protestations of loyalty to the
Union. He remaiked that the time might come
within twelve months to try their devotion, and
he hoped they would prove true to their profes-
sions. The time did come; but alas 1 all who ad-
dressed that audience but himself proved recieant.
While in Congress, he instituted a new system
