3414
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 80,
necessity of the first and second sections will bo
manifest if the Senate will hear a statement of the
Commissioner of the General Land Office, which
I ask to have read.
I think I ought also to state that the chairman
of-the Committee on Agriculture is satisfied with
the passage of the bill, if the third section shall
remain. He is impressed with the necessity of
providing for this Department somewhere where
its business will not interfere with the business of
other Departments.
The Secretary read the following memoran-
dum:
The Virginia, Ohio, and revolutionarymilitary rooms, and
the rooms west of the passage, winch includes the swamp
land division and the military division, under the acts of
1847, 1850, and 1852, occupy of floor surlace, in square
fr'-t  4,000
East ot the passage, which is also claimed, con-
tains our military warianr llles, under the afore-
said acts, part oi the swamp land cleiks, and the
returns office .  1,800
Total floor surface, in square feet, (equal to
one fourth of the. enure othce)  5,800
West of the passage our file cases occupy every available
space, and present a frontage of l/736squiire feet, which at
cost eighty ears ago, when they could ho built at about hal f
ot present ptices, cost per loot, <§4  $6,944
In tim military division of Vienna, Ohio, and rev-
olutionary U.iuns, our ca>es have C00 feet of iront-
age, at $1  o .jqq
In The pa.-vsi^o the emes have a frontage oM,296
>q\\:\u: feet, at $4  5,184
East ot the passage a irontagoof t,3:>4 luet, at $4.. 5,296
Total original cost of cases, at prices little more
than half their cost at this tune $19,804
We cannot ilobu-unoMS without these files for our hooka
and papers. They contain not less than s ix million title
papeis and rounds, any one of which if, liable to be called
for any day, and many of which aie called lor every day.
The removal and ielilin?ol the&e, even if we had other
rooms and ea.*os, would be an immense labor,and   would
be ycaies btfoie the othee could lecover liom the di^plaee-
mentof inote or le.sa ot these, which would necessarily
lake place.
The mere locality of pmtkular files Ijn putt of the edu-
cation in (ho oiiiee, winch will cost yeais of labor to ac-
quire il they be dn-unbed.
It is teainig down one font th of our office, which e.m
never be p«jif«*eily icbuili, to make room loi anotherotllcer ;
to build .ui ollsee, and toiee u.-> to build a new one also. It
is the expense and loss ot tearing awayaperleetstiueture,
Unit two impeded ones may be coii>tiuelid at gieut cost.
It may be said that our eases can be lemoved. To this
it is answered:
I. They are exactly where they are wanted now, and
will not occupy room anywhere eke.
y. There is uu other amiable loom in the building, and
none, to oui knowledge, ek-cwheie.
3. Theicaie iouius in Hie budding whieh will be equally as
good lor tlie Agiteulnual Depaiiment, now unfutmdhrd,
and which may be tilted lot that puipobe us cheaply as
OUis, thus saving oui piesent immune.
4. The t-a^es an: lilted to the building.
The ^eeretaiy ol tiie Interior has been repeatedly re-
quested to assign these looms to tins Agiicultuial Depatt-
jneut, but, aliei eaieful examination ol their u e, tefused.
VV<; have aheady suriundeied to the Pension Office and
Other oliieeseleven rooms eovennga lloor Mirlaee olover
nix thousand h*ef, and we can sutiendei no more without
dividing tin; ofhoe, endangeving itsarohiven, and rendering
the transaciion ol its business expensive and n regular.
The .seed.-i aiul truits biought inio tins huildiug by the
Agricultural Depaiiment aie lilhiaj n with vcimm, which
etul.tngci-i our lile-. and r^eoids, and to place these in the
veiy eenti'r ot the olhee will reiidei the whole mass of val-
uable tit/e pupeis, upon which depend the estates ol mil-
lions ol our p..vple, inseeuie,
J will not extend Has uieiuoiandum, though objections
to the act are but hall stated. I'or it there is not one valid
reason
.UcsjjeeUully bubmitted, J. W. EDMUNDS.
Mr.aUiillMAN.Th is mattei about the rooms
for the Agricultutal Bureau has given the Depmt-
ment of Agriculture and the Department of the
inteiior a gieat deal of trouble. The rooms as-
signed totho Agricultural Department are totally
inadequate in space and in location for tlfe busi-
ness of that Department, as well an its preserva-
tion; and therefore a joint resolution was intro-
duced in the House oi Representatives to appro-
priate two rooms belonging to the Land Office to
the use of the Department of Agriculture. It
'vus cunsulcied, examined, and deemed necessary
to assign these two rooms to the Department of
Agriculture, and a resolution of that kind was
finally passed The Commissioner of Public
Lands now informs us that k is impossible for
him to do without these two looms that are pro-
posed to be assigned to the Department of Agri-
culiuie; and the Secretary of the interior also
eays that the uowdmg of the various rooms in
the Department ib very troublesome; indeed, the
increase of clerks in the Pension Bureau has com-
pelled him to take several rooms belonging to the
Land Office and use them for the purposes of the
Pension Office, and the whole building is crowded
to excess. Besides, he represents that the seeds
introduced by the Commissioner of Agriculture
necessarily introduce with them vermin, mice,
&c., which endanger valuable papers.
On the whole, therefore, I think it [abetter for
us to rent a building for the Department of Agri-
culture or erect one. It is impossible now to rent
a suitable building, and 1 think it would perhaps
be best to build a small building of reasonable size
for that purpose. The Department of Agricul-
ture is now crowded in an inconvenient arid im-
proper place and must have more room. If the
Senator from Kansas wishes to economize, prob-
ably it might be better to rent a building for the
present; but I am satisfied it will be a great deal
cheaper in the end to takesomeof the uifoccupied
space around Washington and build a plain brick
building for the Department of Agriculture. That
will then give to 'the Pension Office and to the
Lund Office the rooms now occupied by the De-
portment of Agriculture, and will give them the
whole building, and probably save the Govern-
ment in rent the cost of the building in a very
short time.
Mr. HENDRICKS. At first I thought this
third section ought not to be adopted; I was of
the opinion of the Senator from Kansas; but on
reflection, and especially on hearing the commu-
nication from the Commissioner of the General
Land Office read, I think it is better to pass the
bill as reported by the Senator from Iowa. The
Senate will observe that the Commissioner of the
General Land Office states the fact that the accu-
mulation of seeds in the Department brings ver-
min into the building and is injuring the import-
ant documents of the Land Office and perhaps of
the other offices. Anybody can ace, I should
think, at a glaive that this Agricultural Bureau
ought not to be in connection with bureausofthe
Department of the Interior having very valuable
tiles. We,all know the value of the files of the
General Land Office. They are the foundation
of the titles of whole States; and if vermin are in-
troduced into that part of the building and these
files are destroyed, as is stated by the Commis-
sioner, it is a very strong reason for providing
elsewhere for the Agricultural Bureau.
I thought myself that the General Land Office
had little enough room. 1 had some opportu-
nities of knowing about that. It was a beautiful
office, well arranged, all the furniture fitted to the
building, where it ought to remain permanently,
at very heavy cost to the Government. It is one
of the best fitted up offices of the Government, and
it is so arranged that all the files are immediately
accessible and very secure indeed. I cannotcon-
ceive of a much better arranged office than it was.
But I undeistund that since the business of the
Pension Office has increased so very much since
tin; war, eleven rooms have been taken from the
General Laud Office and given to the Pension Of-
fice, and still the business of the Pension Office is
not sufficiently provided for in rooms. I know
that youcannot take more than these eleven rooms
from the General Land Office without very ma-
terially mterfenng with the business of the peo-
ple. That is the people's office, most emphatic-
ally. Tiic people fiom many States have business
m that office ev^ry day in the year; and lam very
reluctant to see the files so disturbed that they
cannot be turned to immediately, and with great
convenience and.certainty.
Let the Bureau of Agriculture be provided with
a building. It need notbe an expensivebuildtng.
The files of the Agricultural Bureau will never be
of much value. Its business completes itself each
year. It gathers seeds and gathers information,
&c., and u cannot have very valuable files such
as belong to the General Land Office and the Pen-
sion Office. A cheap building, therefore, can be
built for it. It need not even be fire-proof, I sup-
pose. There are gardens down here, as has been
suggested, sufficient to furnish ample room for a
building of that kind, where the Commissioner of
Agriculture, a very accomplished and elogantgen-
tleman as he is, can have his baronial mansion in
the center of ins grounds, and may superintend
the whole thing admirably. One hundred thou-
sand dollars I understand will build a very ele-
gant house for him. Let him have it; let him
have his seeds and rats all to himself; and there
need be no more trouble in the Interior Depart-
ment. I hope the bill will pass as reported.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not desire to make any
factious opposition; but I do insist that to enter
upon the work of erecting a new building at this
time, with prices as they are now, is at least a
piece of folly, if not of wickedness. The Com-
missioner of the General Land Office has very
well said, in the communication which has been
read, that it will cost twice as much to build a
building now as at any other time. This ap-
propriation of §100,000 will build about as much
as $40,000 would in ordinary times. At a time
like this, when labor is almost impossible to be
had, when prices have gone up to fabulous figures,
the proposition comes in and is coolly made here
for this Department now to have appropriated to
it $100,000 to build a new building, as if Wash-
ington had no buildings.
t do not insist that this bureau or Department
shall be in the Interior Department building. I
am anxious to repeal the resolution that was passed
which the first section of this bill proposes to re-
peal. I am willing to agree to the first section. £
would not insist on taking rooms from the Land
Office if they cannot be appropriately spared; but
I object to the third section which appropriates
$100,000 to erect a new building, and I think that
is an appropriation which it would be at least un-
wise to make at this time. That is all i have to
say about it. If Senators think this a good time
to commence erecting buildings they will so vote.
I like to discharge my public duties as I would
my private duties. I would not undertake to
build for myself a building now in Washington
or anywhere else with prices and labor and the
condition of the country such as they are. We
are able to stay here in Washington because we
have got a standing Army, and we have kept it
so for three years; and now, just at such a time
as this, when our currency is going the Lord
knows where, we are proposing to appropriate
$100,000 to build a new building for the Agricul-
culiural Department. When the Department
was created .we were assured it would not add
expense to the Government. That I recollcct was
one of the arguments used in the Senate when the
measure was introduced to have a separate De-
partment. I will not prolongthe debate. I only
want to vote against this third section of the bill.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to suggest to the
author of the bill to amend it in the third line of
the third section by inserting the words " when
the President shall direct," so that the building
need notbe erected immediately.
Mr. HARLAN. I have no objection to that.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then 1 move to amend
the bill in the third line of the third section after
the word " agriculture" by inserting the words
" when the President shall direct."
Mr. McDOUGALL. I should like to ask the
Senator from Indiana, who has been a Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office, whether when
the resolution was passed giving rooms in the
Department of the Interior to the Agricultural
Department there were not rooms in it not used
and whether they are not now vacant, having no
particular present employment and never have
had any.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator from Cali-
fornia,asks me whether at the time rooms were
assigned m the Interior Department to this Agri-
cultural Bureau there were not unoccupied rooms
in the General Land Office.
Mr. McDOUGALL. No; in the part of the
building heretofore assigned to the Geneial Land
Office.
Mr. HENDRICKS. On the second and third
stories that are peculiarly appropriated to the
General Land Office there were none, and there
was a want of room after the eleven rooms were
assigned to the Pension Office; but there is a base-
ment story that the General Land Office cannot
use. It was used to some extent to store away
seeds, I believe, some time ago. The valuable *
files 1 think were never safe to be put down so
low as that, and I do not think so now. Perhaps
that may do for the Agricultural Department.
Mr. POMEROY. I learn that there are now six
good rooms in that basement story that are not
used at all.
