■2488
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May„ 24,
would occupy so much time. Indeed, the Sena-
tor from Michigan assured me that it would be
disposed of in one or two days, and I had sup-
posed, therefore, that the Senate would be in a con-
dition to proceed with the other bill some time
Jast week. However, it has not been. The Pa-
cific railroad bill has occupied all the time, as we
know to our cost, until late last evening, and now
we are to proceed with the consideration of the
tax bill. As I have said, I am for the tax bill
and I am for proceeding to it; but I cannot allow
the bill to be taken up without this explanation
with regard to the business which has been in-
trusted to me by the Senate, and which 1 may
say I have much at heart myself.
The motion of Mr. Fessenden was agreed to;
and the bill (H. R No. 405) to provide internal
revenue to support the Government, to pay in-
terest on the public debt, and for other purposes,
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. SUMNER. If I may make one further
observation, I would say that I shall venture to
throw myself on the indulgence of the Senate to-
morrow in the morning hour, and ask them to
proceed with the bill to which 1 liave referred,
.hoping that in at least one or two days, perhaps
in one day, we may get through with it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will simply remark to
the Senate that I shall insist, if it is proper for
me to use that expression, at any rate I shall per-
sist in asking the Senate to proceed with the tax
bill regularly at one o'clock every day until it is
disposed of, to the exclusion of all other busi-
ness. It is important that we should finish it and
send it back to the other House, as very much
remains to be done after wc have concluded our
labors upon it. With reference to the morning
hour, I shall not of.course attempt to interfete
with that. I move dispense with the reading of
the bill through as is usual, in the first place, and
to consider the amendments as they are reached
in their order, section by section.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That course
wilfhe taken, unless there be objection.
Mr. HOWE. Is it the purpose of the chairman
to act upon all amendments, or only upon those
reported by the Committee on Finance, as the
reading proceeds?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Upon those reported by
the committee in the first place, and then it will
be open to other amendments afterwards.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
understands the Senator from Maine to desire that
the reading of the bill be continued until an
amendment is reached, and then to have the
amendment voted on, and so on.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, air.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore.. That course
will be pursued.
The Secretary proceeded to read the first sec-
tion of the bill. 1 he first amendment of the Com-
mittee on Finance was before the word " under,'*
in line twelve of section one, to strike out the
words " and hereby is charged*," so as to make
the clause read:
A Commissioner off ntcrnnl Revenue, with an annual sal •
ary of $4,000, who shall bo charged, under !he direction of
the Secretary of the Treasury, with preparing, See,
Tlie amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
strike out the words "as aforesaid" after the
word " Commissioner," in the seventh and in the
fifteenth lines of the second section.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the fourth section,
after the word "revenue,'5 in the fifth lino, to in-
sert, " and m the enforcement of the collection
thereof;" so as to make the section read:
That the Secretary of the Treasury may appoint not ex-
ceeding five revenue agents, whose duties shall he, under
the direction of the Secretary of the Treasury, to aid In the
prevention, detection and punishment of frauds upon the
internal revenue, am} m the enforcement ot the collection
thereof, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section live, to in-
sert after the word " inspectors," in line five, the
words "and revenue agents aforesaid;" and bu-
fore the word " S&cretary,"in line seven, to strike
o&t the word "said;" and after " Secretary" to
strike out the words "as aforesaid;" so as to
make the clause read:
And such inspectors and rr.veauc n3entsaf0rcsaidbh.il!
be subject to the rules and regulations of the said Secretary,
and have all the powers, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line two of section
six, to strike1 out the words " be and he" before
" is," and the word " hereby" after " is;" so as
to make the section read:
That the President of the United States is authorized to
appoint, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate,
a competent person who shall be called the Cashier ol In-
ternal Duties, &c.
The amendment was agreed to. •
The nextamendment was in section seven, line
four, to strike out the words "be and he" before
"is," and the word "hereby" after "is," and
the word " respectively" after " divide," and to
insert the word "respective" before "States"
in line five; and after the word " alter" in line
seven to strike out " lessen, enlarge, or merge in
other districts;" so as to make tl>e section read:
Sec. 7. Jlnd be it further enacted, That, for the purpose
of assessing, levying, and collecting the duties or taxes
hereinafter prescribed by this act, the President of the
United States is authorized to divide the respective States
and Territories of the United States and the District of
Columbia into convenient collection districts, which he
may alter as the public interests shall appear to him to re-
quire, and to nominate, and, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, to appoint, an assessor and a col-
lector for each such district, who shall be residents within
the same J Provided, That any of said States and Terri-
toiies and the District of Columbia may, if the President
shall deem proper, be erected into and included in one dis-
trict: Provided fm ther, That the nunibei of districts in
any State shall not exceed the number of Representatives
to which such State shall be entitled in the present Con-
gtess.
The amendment was agreed to.
The nextamendment was to insert the words
" Senators and" before " Representatives" in the
sixteenth line of the seventh section;so us to make
the proviso read:
Provided fmthcr, That the number of districts in any
State, shall not exceed the mitnbei of Senators and Itepre-
sentatives to which such State shall he entitled in the pres-
ent Congress.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to know the
reuson of thai amendment. is the existing sys-
tem, by which oui States tire divided into districts
according to the number of their Representatives,
found not to workefficiontly ? Is it supposed that
adding two more districts will increase the effi-
ciency of the system ? On that I have no evidence,
and 1 merely ask for information.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is done on the recom-
mendation of the Commissioner. Restated that
in some States, owing to the very great territorial
extent of the districts, it was impossible to have
the woik welt done with only the number of dis-
tricts allowed according to' the number of Repre-
sentatives; and particularly in the Stale of New
York, where in some of (he districts, not.from their
territorial extent but from theaniountcollected, it
is necessary to have additional force. The Senator
from Iowa [Mr. Grimes] suggests that in the State
of Iowa there is one district, and that has thirty
counties. This provision is not imperative; it is
only permissive. 1 presume no officers will be
appointed who are unnecessary. It was thought
best to allow an increuse of the districts to some
few States.
Mr. JOHNSON. It is a maximum only.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is a maximum.
Mr. SUMNER. The only objection that oc-
curred to me was what appeared on its face, that
it was opening the door to two new offices 111 every
State; that is all.
Mr. DAYIS. In the State of Kentucky one of
the collection districts is composed of between
two and three congressional districts. I received
a communication from the collector which I laid
before the chairman of the Committee on Finance,
expressing his belief that it was not only incon-
venient but impracticable to collect the revenue
in so extensive a district as that, and he wanted
it diminished at any rate to the size of a congres-
sional district. I think the proposed reduction of
districts in size and the increase of the whole num-
ber to the number of Representatives and Senators
is not unreasonable.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section eight, to
strikeout the words "of the" after " each" in
line one; to strike out the letter "s"at the end
%of the word "assessors" in line two; to strike
out " he" in line six and insert " the Secretary
of the Treasury;" after the word "appoint," in
line seven, to strike out" with the approval of the
said Commissioner;" to strike out " who shall be
resident therein" after "assistant assessor" in
line eight; so as to make the section read:
That eacli assessor shall divide his district into a con-
venient number of assessment districts, which may be
changed as often as may be deemed necessary, subject to
such regulations and limitations as may be imposed by the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue, within each of which
the Secretary of the Treasury shall appoint one assistant
assessor."
The amendment was agreed to.
4 The next amendment was in line fifteen of sec-
tion eight, after the word "appointed" to insert
"and accepting the appointment;" and after the
word "will," in line twenty-three, to strike out
the words " to the best of my knowledge, skill,
and judgment, diligently and faithfully exccute
the office and duties of assessor for (naming the
assessment district,) Without favor or partiality,
and do equal right and justice in every case in which
I shall act as assessor," and in lieu of them to
insert " diligently and faithfully perform the du-
ties of assessor (or assistantassessor) for (naming
the assessment district) according to my best skill
and judgment;" so as to make the clause read:
And each assessor and assistant assessor so appointed
shall, before he enters on the duties of his office, take and
subscribe, before some competent magistrate, or somecol-
lector, to be appointed by virtue of this act, (who is here-
by empowered to administer the same,) the following oath
or affirmation, to wit: I, A I), do swear (or affirm, as the
case may be) that I will bear true faith and allegiance to
the United States of America, and will support the Con-
stitution thereof, and that I will diligently and faithfully
pel form the duties of assessor for (naming the assessment
diMiict) according to my best skill and judgment.
Mr. ANTHONY. I should like to ask the
reason of this change in the form of the oath. I
confess I like the old one best, but I presume there
is some good reason for it. I should like to hear
what it is.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is a matter of taste.
We thought it very much involved, and regarded
it best to simplify it.
Mr. ANTHONY. I like the oath that he will
administer his duties without favor or partiality,
the same as judges declare that they will admin-
ister justice.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will he administer it
faithfully if he does not administer without favor
or partiality?
Mr. ANTHONY. No, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN, We thought the words
"diligently and faithfully" would covcr every
possible duty of his office.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think " without favor or
partiality " is more particular. Still I shall not
object to the amendment.
f he amendment was agreed to.
Thp next amendment was in section nine, line
two, to strike out the word " such" before "col-
lector;" in line six, after the word " approved "to
strike out " as sufficient;" in line seven to strike
out the words " containing the condition" and in-
sert" conditioned;" in line fourteen to strike out
the final" s" in " collectors;" in line fifteen, after
the woid "increase" to strike out "their"and
insert "his;" and inline sixteen, after the word
" direct" to insert " with such conditions as the
said Commissioner shall prescribe;" so that the
section as amended will read:
Sec. I). Jind be it further cnacted, That before any col-
lector shall enter upon the duties of his office he shall ex-
ecute a bond for such amount as shall be presciibed by the
Comnn^ioner of Internal Revenue, under the direction of
the Secretiny of the Treasury, with not less than five Mire-
ties to be appioved by the Solicitor of the Treasury, condi-
tioned that said collector shall faithfully perform the duties
of his otlke according to Jaw,andshalljusrly and faithfully
account for and pay over to the United States, in compli-
ance with the ordei or i emulations ot the Secretary of the
Treasury, all pubhr moneys which may come into his hands
or possesion; which bond shall be filed in the office of the
First Compttolla ot the Treasury. And such collector
shall, from tunc to time, renew, strengthen, and increase
his official bond, as the Secretary of the Tieasury inny di-
rect, with such conditions as the said commissioner shall
prescribe.
Mr. HOWE. Was it the purpose of the com-
mittee to authorize the Commissioner to change
the conditions of these bonds?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not to change the con-
ditions, but to require such additional ones as
might be necessary and desirable as the experi-
ence of the Department should suggest.
Mr. HOWE. The amendment, it seems tome,
would authorize the Commissioner to require en-
tirely different conditions from those which we
