1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3415
Mr. HENDRICKS. Those are not the rooms
that have been taken from the Land Office. The
rooms that have been taken are those that were
fitted up at the cost of many thousands of dollars
for the files, and now it is proposed to lake those
files out of their places, provided at great cost,
and use the rooms to put seeds and such things
in. So far as the basement story is concerned,
I take no interest in it. I do not think it is fit for
the Land Office.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I object to the entire
third section of the bill; that is, the construction
of a new building. We have now twice as much
room as can be profitably employed in and about
the business of the Government; and we have
twice the number of persons in and about these
rooms that are required in the transaction of their
different departments of business. The idea of
making a new structure at this time to accommo-
date a Department of the Government when we
have, properly used, plenty of room, looks to me
as a piece of inexcusable extravagance. For that
reason I am opposed at the present time to com-
mencing the erection of a building with an ap-
propriation of §100,000, which may, as buildings
have in the course of business here, cost$500,000,
or $500,000 multiplied by two.
Then again 1 differ with the notions expressed
by the Senator from Indiana. Whatever he may
think of the merits of the present Commissioner
who has charge of the Bureau of Agriculture, or
whatever I may think, or any other gentleman
may think, it was a Department contemplated in
the organization of our Government—one which,
if well conductcd, would be of immense value
with proper and legitimate adjuncts. That the
material they have for preservation is or should
be of great value no one who regards the devel-
opment of the great paramount interest of the
country, that is, that interest which belongs to
the soil, can for a moment doubt. The man who
says the preservation of the material that belongs
to the improvements in the way of production,
not only by the distribution of seed but by every-
thing that belongs to the earth and is produced
from it—that their preservation, that their or-
ganization, that their being put in intelligent form
and in intelligent form communicated to the peo-
ple, and the knowledge obtained preserved, is not
of the first value, does not understand what lies
at the foundation of the true prosperity of any
people.
The Bureau of Agriculture, wisely and well ad-
ministered, would be of infinite value to all the
.people of all this country. They have been col-
lecting together not merely all the fruits of the
earth and the germs that produce all the fruits of
the eaith, that they may be distributed and used
among our people, but they have been gathering
together all the minerals that lay hid throughout
our whole country, whether they were of gold, or
silver, or iron. Everything developed in the coun-
try has found in thatDepartmenta place, an office
where they can be received, where they can be
generalized, and where they can be made acces-
sible to the people of our country, and whore,
having been not only generalized and made ac-
cessible, but putin proper form, may be exhibited
no as to become a part of the popular knowledge
of the country. The bureau properly is one of
the most beneficent offices that exist under our
system of Government. 1 thought so when it was
first organized. Whether it has been well ad-
ministered, whether the person who is chief of
the bureau is fit to administer it, is a question for-
eign to the merits of any question involving legis-
lation on our part.
1 myself think that the rooms assigned, as far
as I have been advised, in the Department of the
Interior by the resolution which it is now pro-
posed to repeal, were assigned for the reason that
they were not demanded by the General Land
Office. Such is my information. 1 know that
there is a little angry quarrel—I have heard so, at
least; 1 do not know it—between the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office and the Com-
missioner of Agncultuie, and we have been sur-
rounded by quarrels in and about gentlemen be-
longing to the Departments and execuliveoffices;
but these things should not disurb the course of
business, and certainly not demand from us legis-
lation.
I am satisfied that the resolution referred to
should not be repealed, and most certainly^con-
vineed that a bill making an appropriation such
as filled the conception of the Senator from Indi-
ana, a beautiful edifice where the Commissioner
of Agriculture should sit and dwell surrounded
by his own gardens, the fruit of his own genius,
that he might cultivate—that that should be done
by an appropriation of $100,000, to be multiplied
by ten is, in myjudgment,amost unsound prop-
osition.
Mr. HARLAN. 1 regret to say a single word
in addition to what I have said, for I know that
the patience of the Senator from Massachusetts
[Mr. Wilson] is well-nigh gone now; butl wish
to say that I examined the rooms to which the
Ssnutor from Kansas refers, and no one of them,
in my opinion, is fit for a clerk to occupy. The
Commissioner of Agriculture is nowin the base-
ment of the building, and these rooms are still
below those that he occupies,
111 reply to the remark made by the honorable
Senator from California, I will say that this ap-
propriation is to complete the work. The sec-
tion contains this proviso:
Provided, That the whole cost of the erection of said
building shall not exceed the sum appropriated in this act.
I am on both committees, the Committee on
Public Lands and the Committee on Agriculture,
and I perceive no other way of arranging this
matter satisfactorily to the parties in interest and
in such a way as to promote the public welfare.
More room is needed; andalthough it may costa
little more to erect a building of the same size
now than it would have done years ago, rents are
high in proportion, and if we were to rent a build-
ing we should have to pay in excess of former
prices also, and thus soon use up the whole ap-
piopriation in paying rent for a building large
enough for the purpose. I think the bill ought
to pass. I do not desire to occupy any more
time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Indiana
to the third section of the bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
now recurs on the motion of the Senator from
Kansas to strikeout the third section as amended.
The motion was not agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
and was read the third time.
Mr. FOSTER. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 21, nays 8; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Brown, Chandler, Claik, Conness,Da-
vn, Doohulc, Harlan, Hendricks, Lane ol Kansas, Nes-
nutli, Powell, Ramsey, llictaubon, Eiddle, Sherman,Ten
Jfyck, Van Winkle, Wade, Wilkinson, VVilley, and Wil-
son—21. .
NT AY'S—Messrs. Fessenden, Foot, Fo.ster, Harris, Howe,
Morgan. Pomeroy, and Trumbull—8.
AllrfENT—Mc-sr.-. Anthony, Bucknlew, Carlile, Colla-
mer, Cowan, Dixon, Grimes, Hale, Hauling, Henderson,
Hicks, Howard, Johnson, Ijane. of Indiana, Mellongall,
Morrill, Saulshury, Sprague, Sumner, and Wright—SO.
So the bill was passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the House of Representatives had agreed to the
amendments of the Senate to the following bills
of the House:
A bill (No. 162) for the relief of Nathaniel
McLean, Richard G. Murphy, and Charles E.
Flandreau; and
A bill (No. 347) for the relief of Martha Jane
Skaggs.
The message also announced that the House of
Representatives had passed the following bills,
in which it requested the concurrence of the Sen-
ate:
A bill (No. Ill) for the relief of Major John
A. Whitall, paymaster in the United States Army,
on account of lost or stolen vouchers;
A bill (No. 203) for the relief Jacob Weber;
A bill (No. 5C7) granting a pension to Eliza-
beth B. Seppien; and
A bill (No. 569) for the relief of John Wil-
liams.
I The message further announced that the House
of Representatives had passed the following'billu
and joint resolutions of the Senate: ' ■
A bill (No. 272) to facilitate trade on the Red
river of the North;
A bill (No. 273) to compensate the officers and
crew of the iron-clad gunboat Essex for the de-
struction of the rebel ram Arkansas;
A bill (No. 289) for the relief of Ida Hoffman;
A bill (No. 292) to provide for the efficiency of
the Navy;
A bill (No. 298) to incorporate the Potomac
Ferry Company;
A bill (No. 299) authorizing the levy court of
Washington county, in the District of Columbia,
to levy and collect its portion of the direct tax
imposed by the act of Congress of August 5,
1861;
A bill (No. 301) for the sale of a lot of land in
Iowa in the Fort Crawford reservation;
A bill (No. 305) for the relief of-George F.
Nesbitt;
A bill (No. 308) repealing so much of an act
to supply deficiencies m the appropriations for
the service of the fiscal year ending June 30,1864,
and for other purposes, approved March 14,1864,
as appropriates $25,000 for erecting a naval hos-
pital at Kittery, Maine;
A bill (No. 312) to regulate the compensation
of registers and receivers of the land offices in the
several States and Territories, in the location of
lands by States and corporal ions under grants
from Congress, and for other purposes;
A bill (No. 319) to authorize the Secretary of
the Interior to issue a land warrant to Richard
Fitch, of Ohio;
A bill (No. 321) to authorize the corporation
of Washington to levy and collect the direct tax
imposed by act approved August 5, 1861;
A bill (No. 324) prescribing the punishment
for enticing or aiding seamen to desert the naval
service of the United States;
A bill (No. 332) to establish salaries for post-
masters, and for other purposes;
A joint resolution (No. 8) for the relief of the
State of Wisconsin;
A joint resolution (No. 40) for the relief of
Carlisle Doblc;
A joint resolution (No. 66) providing for atl
adjustmentoftheaccoutitsof Henry W. Diman;
A joint resolution (No. 69) regulating the in-
vestment of the naval pension fund; and
A joint resolution (No. 70) to authorize the
acquisition of certain land for the use of the Gov-
ernment hospital for the insane.
COMMERCE AMONG THIS STATES.
' Mr. CHANDLER. I move to postpone all
prior orders for the purpose of taking up House
bill No. 307. It is a very short bill, which has
passed the House of Representatives, entitled
"A bill to regulate commerce among the several
States."
Mr. WILSON. Before the recess, on my mo-
tion, a House bill which is a more important one
than this was taken up, and Ido not like to give
way. I hope the Senator will lot us pass that
and then I will go with him to take up the hill
he mentions.
Mr. CHANDLER. I do not ask the Senator
to give way. I ask to have the bill taken up. It
is a very short bill which has passed the House
of Representatives, and I pledge the Senate that
1 shall occupy no time in debate. All I ask is a
vote. I see no reason why it should delay the
Senate five minutes. I hope the Senate will stand
by me in taking it up, and I hope they will vote
upon it and pass it, and I expect they will.
Mr. BROWN. Do I understand the bill the
Senator proposes to take up to be that in regard
to the railway ?
Mr. CHANDLER Yes, sir; the bill in re-
gard to the Camden and Amboy railroad.
Mr. BROWN. Does he suppose that ean get
through without debate?
Mr. CHANDLER. Certainly. I am not
going to tall: about it.
Mr. BROWN. Nobody else does.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope the Senate will
. take it up and vote unon it.
I Mr BROWN. Without debate?
! Mr. CHANDLER. Of course. Ihavenoth-
| incr to say about it. I believe every benator m
I this body understands it perfectly, and I certainly
