1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1463
thai five hundred thousand men would soon com-
plete the work. With an army of many hundreds
of thousands now in the field, the same authorities
regard it necessary to add seven hundred thou-
sand more to our present force.
Who is the man that thinks the rebellion weaker
to-day than it was one, two, or three years ago?
It is easy to say we think it weaker. Indeed, it
may not be so strong; but our actions give no
evidence that such is our opinion. If deceiving
others be excusable, it is scarcely so to deceive
ourselves.
In the mean time Congress keeps up the old
theme, devising ways and means to cripple sla-
very. We act as though a presidential procla-
mation against slavery would end the rebellion.
A diseased and-morbid sentiment on the subject
lias spread abroad. Wo want something done,
after which no doubt remains that slavery is dead.
This restlessness leads us into many errors. Some
o£ us measure the capacity of officers in the field,
not so much by successful strategy against the
enemy as hy their activity in freeing slaves. In
our eagerness to accomplish an end we lay a pre-
cedent which under changc of circumstances may
place our own rights at the mercy of military
power. An illegal proclamation against slavery
comes like a mantle of charity to cover a multi-
tude offaults. It is as (he waters of the Joidun,
washing out the taint of leprosy. IIo who is
known to bo anti-slavery mayduveten thousand
men to unavailing slaughter. The country la-
ments the dead, but honoi\s the hero. Why not?
Caesar lost Dyrachium; Hannibal lost Zama;
Napoleon lostLeipsicand Wateiloo. The coun-
try may bleed, but the heart of ourhero is right.
He that is thought to be doubtful upon this all-
absorbing question is under constant suspicion.
Ten nor twenty successful battles can save him.
The tale of an idiot against him is believed. We
suspect his patriotism, and
il Trifles liyht as air,
Aie, to the jealous, eontirmiiuoiis strong
As proofs 01 holy vvnt."
When pio-slavery men had power they urged •
in defense of slaveholdmg that the negro could
not take care of himself; that he needed aguaid-
ian to direct his steps. This argument was made
in face of the fact that for two bundled yeais the
negro had not only supported himself but his
master's family. Anti-slavery men then insisted
that the shackles of slavery being removed the
negro would secure his own competency. Noth-
ing was asked bur his freedom, that he might be-
come the as uficer of his own fut tune. That free-
dom is now given to thousands at a peiiod when
the mereabihty to labor is riches. He who will
labor now seldom needs the help of chanty. Hut
many of our anti-slavery fi lends have foiirotten the
good sense of the past, and demand that a deple-
ted Treasury sii.ill fut nish rations to the "poor con-
trabands." General Eanks adopted a system of
labor by whieh the freedom ot the negto might be
recognized, his wains supplied by his reasonable
labor and the Treasury sa\ ed from a burden which
w ould soon drive Mr. Chose to the desperation of
M. Nicker in the management of French finances.
Suddenly General Banks ischarged with apostasy
to the cause of freedom. If he had fed the negroes
from the public commissariat he had not lost his
reputation. The laudable exertions of Genual
Steele recently made to revive Union sentiment in
Arkansas met with thechaige of disloyalty until
the result of his conduct placed its wisdom beyond
dispute. Party spirit is relentless. It has al-
ways been so. It cannotnow be exactingexcept
at the expense of the country. Let this amend-
ment be adopted, and thereafter let the negro be
treated as a freeman. 1 insist that the poor white
man may he treated with the same consideration.
When the amendment has been adopted this
docti me of State suicide and territorial reorgan-
ization may be safely abandoned. The motive
for such legislation is 10 be found in the great
desire to which I have alluded—to get rid of sla-
very. This determination to abolish slavery in
some way constitutes the stiongest reason for
abolishing it legally and without violence to other '
rights, lfit were a blessing I, foi one, would be i
for defending it to the last. ltisacurse,and not |
a blessing. Therefore let it go. Some onti-sla-!
very men have been so much accustomed to rely J
upon territorial exclusion for the ultimate over- |
throw of slavery that they naturally resort to it !
now. The difficulty is to territorialize the States.
That difficulty may be removed as the House of
Commons in England once removed the House
ofLoids as apart of the Government—declaie
the thing done, and then act upon it. They say
that the ordinances of secession are void, but in-
vest them with sufficient validity to destroy the
State. They claim that our Government is a
Government of the people; that it is national, and
not Federal, each individual being responsible for
his own treason, and yet they hold the State in
some way responsible for the acts of the conspir-
ators. They call the rebels traitors, and hold
the loyal men as public enemies because of the
company they are forced to keep. The argu-
ment admits that slavery cannot be abolished by
Congress m a State, but insists that it can be in
a Tei ritory. The trouble is over when the State
is destroyed. Let us see the absurdity of this
position.
New Jersey, I see, is putting herself in the way
of the public good by confining corporate fran-
chises to hut few railroad companies within her
limits. The Camden and Amboy road is a mo-
nopoly. Whether Congress, undei the power to
regulate commerce between the States, can chat-
ter new road companies in a State nidy be ques-
tioned, but the end may be easily accomplished
in another way. If she obstinately peisists in
sin, let others build a i<>ad,and Congress will
call it a military road. Once a military road, al-
ways a military road. I f New Jersey complains,
she may be tenltoriahzcd. Why not? she is
nothing but a disloyal State, anyhow. Who,
then, will deny to Congress the power to charter
a road over the public domain? Such things aie
now said.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I desire to say m one word
that the declaration that New Jersey is " a dis-
loyal State anyhow," is founded in error and
not in ti uth.
Mr. H ANDERSON. The gentleman will un-
derstand that [ am only quoting; my language is
not declaratory of the fact, but I am using it to
point an argument.
Mr. TEN EYCK. Il was hardly necessary
for the purpose of the Senator's argument that he
should either infeientially or m any other way
slander the fair fame of a Stan, which has acted
during this icbelllun as- noMy as any other State
m the Umoit, however much that other State may
boast of us ioynlt v.
Mr. HENDERSON. I hope my friend will
take back that woi d " slander," because really
my intention was to declare that, in my opinion,
New Jersey is a loyal State. He ceitamly does
not understand what I am about. I believe New
Jersey is a loyal State. I cannot believe othet-
wise when she sends the Senator who has just
taken hi* soot her< to lepresent her.
Mr. TEN EYOlv. Of course 1 wtthdiaw the
obs« rvation that I nuide, on the disclaimer of the
Senator, hut J undeistnod him distinctly to de-
clare that New Jersey was a disloyal State.
Mr. HENDERSON. The S« nator misappre-
hended me. Let us see more of this absurdity.
Sir, when slavery has been put aside the West
will trdce contiol of the Government. The cut-
ton States once had it; the East now has it. When
the time comes, why not pass such laws as will
make out institutions and our labor sy>,temshat-
momousr Repeal the tariff, and make war with
England and France. There is no trouble in this,
for we can ce  tamly whip the world. Our news-
paper press assures us it can be easily dime. Our
politicians tell us that it will act as a stimulant in
putting down the lebellhm. The sooner then we
declare the war the belter.
We have to assert the Monroe doctrine, too.
Our chatactcr as a nation depends upon it. In
18:23 Mr. Monroe said that the "Ameiican ron-
tments, by the fiee and independent position which
they have assumed and maintained, are hence-
forth not to be considered subjects for futuie col-
onization by any European Power." A Presi-
dent of ours said this, and the American people
must suppoi t their Presidents. To nievent France
fioin stealing Texas, we stole it omsclves, and
now France has a much better chance for-stealing
it than ever. Texas is willing to be stolen. We
knew in 1^46 that same foreign Power would in-
vade Mexico from the previous mysterious move-
ments of France in legard to Texas. To prevent
European colonization we asserted the American
prerogative, and colonized a large poi tion of Mex-
ico ouuselves. We took more territory, however,
than we could colonize, and like a practical peo-
ple we quaneled over the ptivdege of Caking
stolen men into what 1 was about to call a stolon
wilderness, into which no sane man would have
ever taken them, until we lost eleven States by
secession, four of them being of the original
thirteen. This reminds me that we are quar-
reling over reconstruction before the States are
conquered. France finding this a favorable op-
portunity, comes again to" attach sufficient real
estate to satisfy a debt of $99,000,000. To this
must be added the costs of suit. Mexico is,
therefore, swallowed up, for it never was worth
half the money. But money, wc all know, never
was a consideration with the American people;
llvey always act from principle. We cannot allow
our Mexican cousins to be sold out in this way.
We must expel the French and reinstate Juarez
or Santa Anna. While we are doing this we shall
not lose exceeding eight or ten more of our pros-
entStates, and that is a small matter when weighed
against our duty to piinciple. Among these eight
or ten States finding cause of complaint from a
long and destructive war,we shall likely find Now
England. The war of 1S12 drove her into the
Hartford Convention, if two years of war fol-
lowing the embargo and non-i intercourse acts were
sufficient to shake her loyalty, ten years of this
new war to be waged for glory alone will drive
her back to Hartford. How easy, then, to terri-
tonahze these six little States, send up a military
governor fiom Aikansas or Louisiana, and, so
soon as the people may be safely trusted, lead-
mil the Terntory as two States under a proposi-
tion which will be most cheei fully prepared by
the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Davis.] If
Kentucky,however, preferring to have Louisville,
Alaysvilie, and Lexington treated as Paducah was
recently treated, and her loyal men expelled
rather than he defended by negroes, shall secede,
the Senator from Delaware will scarcely fail to see
the importance of such division.
But, Mr. President, m all seriousness I do pro-
test against this indiiect way of accomplishing an
object which in itself may be good. Ever since
I have been in the Senate wc have acted upon the
idea that the States ate all in the Union. We have
cm t led this to such an extent that we refuse to do
business without the presence of thirty-six Sen-
ators, a majority of all if the Senate were full.
Again, I insist that if the seceded States be out
of the Union, the very ptoposition we are now
considering may be proposed hy two thiids uf a
bare majonty of the membeis elected to the two
Houses of Congress, and may be ratified by eigh-
teen States, which is haiely a majority of the
whole. Thus the Constitution would be amended
without consulting a State in the Union to be af-
fected by it or the citizen of any such State. Jf
they aie in the Union and the slavery question
shall be settled by constitutional amendment,re-
ceiving the sanction of twenty-seven StaUs, the
question will he settled beyond all judicial cavil.
The public mind will rest iu the eouwctiou that
slaveiy is abolished. To abolish it in any other
way must he attended with doubts of its legality.
The Demociatic party, numbering nearly half of
the northern people, do not believe m the valid-
ity of the Piesident's proclamation. The plan of
ten itonalizmg the States would meet with no bet-
ter fate. To consider the seceded States out of
the Union and take the sanction of thiee fouiths
of the ruuamdei will be attacked for unconstitu-
tionality.
i am not piepared to say that the Stale govern-
nn nts m the sec eded Stales have ceas< d to exist,
for such is not the fact. It may not be correct to
say they have erased to be lepubltcail in form,
simply because the State oflieeis are not sworn
to support the Constitution of the United States.
Thar there aie State governments, existing gov-
ernments whose acts must have validity now and
herer.ftcr, admits of no doubt in my mind. If
the Union should be restored, shall we declare all
rights accrued dm ing the lebolhon in those States
foi felted ? Will the Feck lal cutu ts reject the pro-
bate of a will because it was proved and recorded
under a law enacted after secession and before res-
toration? Will the laws of descent enacted by
Legislatures rejecting allegiance to the Union be
d isregarded and the rights of inheritance lost ? But
to make the case stronger, will notcontracts made
