1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
hare required. It seems to me that the section
requires precisely the conditions that you want in
such a bond. I cannot conceive that you would
ever want any additional ones; I certainly think
you would always want those named; but as often
as the Secretary directs a new bond to be given
this last amendment seems to authorize the Com-
missioner to change the conditions.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Say "with such addi-
tional conditions" or "such other conditions be-
sides thoffe herein specified." If the Senator will
suggest an amendment I shall be very glad to
hear it.
Mr. HOWE. I would suggest " additional
conditions," if you want any change.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think the amendment
was suggested by the Commissioner, and we saw
no objection to its being put in.
Mr. HOWE. I move to amend the amend-
ment by inserting the word " further" before
" conditions," in line sixteen.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I make no objection.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and the amendment as amended was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section ten, to
strike out the following proviso:
Provided, That nothing herein contained shall prevent
any collector from collecting himself the whole or any part
of the duties and taxes so assessed and payable in his dis-
trict.
Mr. SUMNER. I suppose the reason for
striking that out is that the proviso is unneces-
sary.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is all.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section twelve,
line four, after the word "deputies" to insert
" and on all other persons."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section fourteen,
line two, after the word " her" to insert "resi-
dence or;" in line three strike out " residence"
and insert " business;" and in line six, after the
word "residence" to insert" or business;" so
that the clause will read:
That in case any person shall be absent fioin his or her
residence or place of business at the tune an assistant as-
sessor shall call to receivc the annual list or return, it shall
be the duty of such assistant assessor to leave at such placed
of residence or business, vvitii some one of suitable age and
discretion, if such be present, otherwise to deposit iu the
nearest post office, a note or memorandum, &e.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line eleven of sec-
tion fourteen, after the word " memorandutn"to
insert "which return shall be verified by oath."
Mr. SHERMAN. The amendment I think
should say " which return in all cases shall be
verified by oath," so as to include the return pro-
vided for in the thirteenth section. I doubt
whether the construction would not be that the
words " which return shall be verified by oath"
here would apply only to the return provided for
in the fourteenth section, and would not extend
back to the list or return provided for in the thir-
teenth section. To relieve all doubt about it, I
move to amend the amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senatordoes not no-
tice.that the fourteenth section does not provide
for the return, but for a notice to be served, and
of course it refers to the previous return. "Shall
call to receive the annual list or return" is the
language, and you must refer back t,o the other
section to find out what that return is. I do not
know but that the language is rather defective.
It is:
If such be present, otherwise to deposit in the nearest
post office a note or memorandum, addressed to such per-
son, requiring him or her to present to such assessor the
list or return required bylaw within ten days from the date
of such note or memorandum, which return shall be veri-
fied by oath.
I think the words " which return shall be" be-
fore " verified" are unnecessary.
Mr. HOWE. That evidently requires an oath
only to the return obtained upon this notice.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What does the notice
refer to?
Mr. HOWE. The notice refers only to those
cases where the persons are absent at the time
the assessor calls. The law first provides that it
shall be the duty of anybody who has anything
to list to list it. If he does not doit the assessor
• may call on him and obtain the list. If he lists
it voluntarily, or lists it upon being callcd on by
the assessor, he furnishes to the assessor the ma-
terial out of which he can make a list, and in that
case an oath is not required as the bill now starfds.
1 think it ought to be required.
Mr. SHERMAN. That was the impression I
had.
Mr. HOWE. If a man neglects to make his
list voluntarily, or if he is not athome when the
assessor calls on him, the assessor is to leave this
notice, and in ^obedience to the notice he is to
make out a return, and that return is to be upon
oath, according to this amendment.
IVtr. POMEROY. I should think that where
the assessor was entirely satisfied of the correct-
ness of the return we ought not to require an
oath. It is a matter of some inconvenience as
well as some expense to require an oath in every
case. Where the assessor is not satisfied, ofcourse
I would require an oath.; but to require every
man all over the country, whether he have much
or little, whether he be rich or poor, in all cases
to swear to his return, I think is going too far.
I think it is a hardship and expense.
. Mr. FESSENDEN. That is a matter which
was very much discussed in the committee, and
the committee became so well convinced from the
evidence before them that there were a large num-
ber of persons who would avoid making correct
returns, and there would be sometimes great dan-
ger of collusion, or rather of a sort of easy dis-
position on the part of the officers appointed to
allow people to get along pretty much in their own
way and an unwillingness to interfere with them,
that they thought the safest course was to pro-
vide that in all eases the return should be sworn
to. I will not object of course to any words
which are necessary in order to carry out the
views of the committee in that particular.
Mr. POMEROY. Does the bill authorize the
assessor to administer the oath ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly; ortheparties
may take the oath before anybody-they please
who is authorized to administer it.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 submit to the Senator from
Maine whether in the precedingsection, after the
word "signed," in line twelve, the words "and
verified by oath" had not better be inserted, so
as to avoid all ambiguity. I think the literal con-
struction would confine the oath to the return pro-
vided for by the fourteenth section; that is, to the
return in case a notice is left in the absence of the
person, while section thirteen provides for cases
where the return is signed in the presence of the
assessor.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator will notice
that he will be obliged to go back to section eleven
to make his amendment. Section eleven is the
section that provides for the return. Section thir-
teen provides that if any person liable to pay any
duty or tax, or owning, possessing, or having the
care or management of property, goods, &c , lia-
ble to pay any duty, tax, or license, shall fail to
exhibit the list or return required by J^w, but
shall consent to disclose the particulars, the offi-
cer shall make the list or return for the person;
but the eleventh section provides that it shall be
the duty of any person, partnership, firm, asso-
ciation, or corporation made liable to any duty,
license, stamp, or tax, to make a list or return to
the assistant assessor. In that section the Sena-
tor might move to put in the words " which re-
turn shall be verified by oath," and strike out
those" words in the fourteenth section, because
by inserting them in the eleventh section they
would apply to all cases of returns,as was intend-
ed, and I think that would be a better place for
the provision.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am inclined to think so
myself.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator will make
that motion, I shall have no objection to the clause
being inserted in the proper place iu section eleven.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 will therefore move to
insert the words of the amendment under consid-
eration in tlie sixth line of the eleventh section.
After the word " return"in that line let the words
"verified by oath" be inserted. Then I-think
there will be no harm in leaving this clause where
it is in the fourteenth section.
Mr. HOWE. You ought to leave it there; and
I would suggest to the Senator from Ohio that in
order to effect his object those words ought to be
inserted both in section eleven and section thir-
teen, and left in section fourteen where they aie.
Mr. SHERMAN- Very well. ,
Mr. HOWE. They are-three!distinct cases,
as I understand it. - ' "
Mr. SHERMAN. I will say " verified by
oath or affirmation."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
will first be on the amendment proposed by the
committee to the fourteenth Bection, to insert after
the word " memorandum," in line eleven, the
words " which return shall be verified by oath.''
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now move to insert after
the word " return," in the sixth line of the elev-
enth section, the words "verified by oath or "af-
firmation."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 propose also——
Mr. FESSENDEN. Before the Senator moves^'
his amendment, I suggest to him whether it would
be proper to make that provision in section thir-
teen. It will be noticed that that section provides
that where a person shall fail to make this return
verified by oath, the assessor in that case may
himself make it, if the person shall consent to
disclose the particulars of any and all property,
goods, wares, and merchandise, articles and ob-
jects liable to duty or tax. In that case "it shall
be the duty of the officer to make such list or re-
turn, which being distinctly read, consented to,
and signed by the person so owning, possessing,
or having the care and management as aforesaid,
shall be received as the list of such peraon."
Mr. SHERMAN. The amendment should be
inserted in line seven of that section so as to read,
" shall consent to disclose on oath or affirmation
the particulars of any and all the property," &c.
That would probably be a better place for the
amendment, and it would make the section in ac-
cordance with the laws of Ohio.
Mr. HOWE. Under thatsection the assessor
acts but^as a mere clerk of the party. He gives
the officer the items and the officer writes them
down, takes them right from the mouth of the
party.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I make no objection to
the amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. My amendment is in line
seven of section thirteen, after the word "dis-
close" to insert " on oath or affirmation."
Mr. HOWE. I think the amendmenthad bet-
ter be made at the close of the section, so as to
have the written statement sworn to rather than
have the disclosure made on oath.
Mr. SHERMAN. The case provided for in
the thirteenth section is one which the law of
Ohio provides for. Some conscientious men, es-
pecially Dunkers and a few other classes of re-
ligious people, do not swear or affirm; and yet
they are very honest people and will always dis-
close the value and particulars of their property,
'and never seek to avoid taxes. In such cases by
the laws of Ohio a kind of affirmation is admin-
istered to them which they do not subscribe to,
but which is substantially certified to by the offi-
cer. I know it is rather an evasion of the law,
and I move it in this place in order to relieve that
class of conscientious people.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I" will say to the Senator
that the word " affirmation" in all the States with
which I am acquainted means simply the affirm-
ation that is taken by people of the Society of
Friends, who are conscientiously scrupulous
about taking an oath, and they affirm.
Mr. SHERMAN. There are branches of that
society that will not even take an affirmation.
Mr. HOWE. Then I submit that if the Sen-
ator wishes to relieve 4hat class of people, he
should not require them to make this disclosure
on oath. That will not relieve them; they will
not take that oath.
Mr. SHERMAN. They affirm in a kind of
way.
Mr. HOWE. But the amendment proposed is
that this disclosure shall be made " on oath."
Mr. SHERMAN. " Or affirmation."
Mr. HOWE. Are they any more conscien-
tiously opposed to swearingoraffirmingto awrit-
ten statement than to a verbal one?
Mi. SHER.MAN. They will not sign a writ-
ten oath or affirmation; that is their dogma; al-
though 1 have seen a kind of affirmation admin-
istered to them in courts. " In agreatmany cases
ii creates embarrassment bo thatthey can scarcely
