THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
-THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN 0. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C,
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 1864.
of post routes in southeast Missouri, making the
transportation of mails direct and of moiegeneral
interest. Ho also devoted a large portion of his
time to the construction of the Pacific railroad.
He introduced and carried through the House a
bill appropriating $10,000,000 to compensate loyal
owners emancipating their slaves in Missouri,or
to aid the State in emancipating by law. This
bill was amended in the Senate, which amend-
ments were not concurred in by the House; so it
failed. He foresaw at an early stage of the war
that the tramp and concussion of hosltle annies
in the Suite* would unsettle socicty, and in the
commotion this species of property would un-
avoidably be lost. He sought to provide a just
compensation Tor those who, guiltless of the re-
hellion, suffered this loss. He believed also that
military policy would lead ultimately to its de-
struction, and a proper disposition of the institu-
tion while yet it could speak for itself would avert
discord and palliate the revolution in labor. Sub-
sequent events have proved that it would, have
been well if Missouri had taken steps eailier
toward emancipation. Slaves have freed them-
selves without warning,and left no labor to sup-
plant theirs, and from all over the State there
comes up the cry of destitution by reason of fields
unsown and crops ungathered. Slaveholders of
his constituency denounced this bill asan unjust
abolition scheme, but they now regret that they
did not give him then cordial support.
In 1862 he was elected for the third time to Con-
gress, his seat being contested by Mr. Scott, but
died before entering on his duties.
In his political career he was distinguished by
an unswerving loyalty to the genius of our Gov-
ernment and the integrity of the Union. His an-
cestors hnd been engaged in the wars of the Rev-
olution and of 1812. lie was well versed in the
history of our suu^gle for independence and the
more dangerous and uncertain struggle for our
form of government. He was familiar with the
bloody wars and suffering which other nations
had endured to cast off the burdens of privileged
nobility. He saw that in almost every instance
they met defeat or their victories were short-
lived, and they had soon to bend their necks to
the humiliating' yoke. If this Government was
destroyed he saw no hope of its reconsti uction.
He believed in a strict construction of the pow-
ers of government. Thus, he believed that slaves
were by the laws of the land property, and there
was no power in the Federal m temtonal gov-
ernment to impair the rights of the owners. He
maintained the doctrine of stiict consti uction to
juevent corruption. By lejsttaining the Govern-
ment to the-*mpai (ml pen foi manoc of its national
duties, no sectional alienation could be occa-
sioned. This was his theory respecting the in-
ternal administration; but on all matters wherein
a great principle was involved or the existence
of the Government jeopardized he held a more
liberal constiuction; as, that Mr. Jefferson ex-
ercised a pioper stretch of power in the acqui-
sition of Louisiana Tenitory, on account of its
commercial and political importance to the United
States, and that Geneial Jackson was justified by
the seeming danger and necessity in disregarding
civil process. When the present rebellion broke
out, he sustained the military in the exercise of
every power and act necessary for the vigorous
prosecution of the war, holding that the Execu-
tive was a department of the Government coordi-
nate with the judiciary, ha\mg his own duties to
perfoim, and was only liable to impeachment foi
plain and unjustifiable usurpation, or for neglect
to peiform his duty. Had the President failed
to use the whole stiengthjof the nation to the pres-
ervation of the Government he would have been
among the first to attempt his impeachment.
During his whole life he was never guilty of
disloyalty. In hisearly political speeches he op-
posed a set of resolutions introduced into the Sen-
ate of Missouri by C.F. Jackson, in 1849. These
passed the Legislature (or Senate?) as instructions
to Colonel Benton, Senator from Mi&souii. After
denouncing the hee-soil attitude of the North,
27
they called on the southern States to cooperate
with each other in taking such measures as would
vindicate their rights, and pointing indirectly to
separation as their remedy. Mr. Noei.l, though
concurring in the belief of the rights and griev-
ances of the South, could not sanction these res-
olutions, because they tended to widen the breach
between the North and the South. After this, (in
1852 or 1853,) while he was in the Senate, a set of
resolutions passed the Legislature and were com-
municated by the Governor of Tennessee to the
Governor of Missouri, and referred by him to the
Missouri Legislature. These were violent and
threatening in their terms, and called upon the
southern States to unite and adopt such measures
as the safety of their institutions demanded. A
counter-resolution was passed in the Legislature
of Missouri, condemning in the strongest terms
the resolutions of Tennessee, and scornfully re-
pudiating all affiliation with her for disloyal pur-
poses. He spoke and voted for the condemnatory
lesolution of Missouri, in the last part of 1860,
when the tide of southern enthusiasm had spread
over Missouu, befoie the Federal power had dis-
turbed its downward current, the secessionists
were anxious to gain his influence over to their
cause. Some of the leading men of his constitu-
ency wrote to him how smoothly things were
going. They represented to him that it would be
political lum for him to withstand their opinions,
and asked him to lead ihem and lide into power.
He answeied them by a letter published to his
constituents. He said:
e* That it was well known ho lxid always been opposed to
the doctiuie oi peaceable sece-won ; that the Con.-titution
recognized no light of individuals oi States to destroy itat
pleurae with or without r.niou. Itwa-> now no longer an
abstiact question, but :i fact. The cotton States had re-
ceded. Revolution, vvuh its black, tempestuous counte-
nance and bloody hand-, stands before u-. The bolder
States hav«'to choose, whutp.ut thevwiil play 111 this great
tiaecdy. That den-miuiation should not he leached by
power of pa^ion, but by cool and sobet judgun nt. The
disunion movement of tiie South has bum one of extieme
excit'-niieM. It not the lOMtlr of calm judgment, con-
scious of intolerable wiongs for which noredies& is attain-
able. Like all passionate" movements the means ot suc-
e< ss aie leit to chance. No bjotem^ of linancc or icgular
mihtaiy organization have been devised. In fact, m the
fur\ ot' the moment they have been almost forgotten.
What mtiNt be the inevitable icmiIi? Disa-stci aftei disas-
ter, until i lu' hccdi-d States gel into civil st rile among them-
selves The levoltmon a-> now oigumzed i«> a laiiute in
advance. Jt^ turn- turn to a^-he-- on out lips. We seek
security and piotcclion, but we Hnd on iho veiymornina
ol out ievolutionary eu.M'MieccoulKi-auou and deduction,
li Alis-oini and othei bouiet States, siimuiatcd by like pas-
sion and excitement, uMi headlong, blindly, into this uv-
olution, they iiickm^c the nuisruinide ol' the calamity and
eio-e the door tbicvei against the last hope oi pie-eivmg
the Constitution and the* Union. Ii you have ever exam-
ined the mateiial ot winch revolutions aie coinpo-od, you
cannot iiave failed to di«-*o\er that they have always been
m the hand- o! the tutbulentand leekle-^not the piudent
and \vi-e. Men oi wi-doin. men of ptopeiry, men of peace,
nie i'h\ay-> b.ickwaid in ihe-e times. Those who have
nothing to lose are ever ioiemo-st in Iho woik ut'deduc-
tion. The lead* i.-lnp of the southern disunion movement
will soon p.is> mto the hand* oi*rockier political and mil
itaiv advonttireis. They will leqmre immense sums of
money foi the eau^e and sfiil greater foi themselves. A
sj-Ntein of exaction fiom the -ubstauikU men ol the counti)
will b''<rin. They will lay then hand- on mone}, negtoes,
land-:, even thinir. Mm mats a ;uii-t ilie-e exactions wul be
followed In confiscation and—.hall 1 > n\ tf?—death! A},
boind as the idea ma> b<\ 1 say desth. Then will begin to
go up to Heaven, a- m the daj-ol theUeigiiof Tetiot, the
waihotthe widownndthe latheile^. Tin n, when too late,
alas ! too late, shall we he able to estimate the blessings of
till- Government oi law and oid :r undoi whose ptoteefiiu/
influence none daie make u&aft aid. When we have reached
the climax of hoirot.-, toin to pieces by tactions, involved
m all the qu.ouls and suMe brtwecn milnni) rival-, with
no count i v, no national it j, no peace. no safety, we wiliflj
fiom the bloody scenes of an endless anaiciiy to an abso-
lute despotism.' Thus it will be tliat tins most wondciful
Government will die in the fameoentim'that <iave ubj.tb.
"^uiiiv il the bolder Slates can aveit such calamine;?,
ir should he dune. They do hold the powei, m my opinion.
They should act cautiously and deliberate ly. Revolution
well prepaied for a- ptaetieable as il rushed into with-
out piepaiation. Ifwe can get tune,all out wiongs willbe
redtessed. l)e*pciate politician-- are woiknm against nine.
They ai" abaid ol the sober second thought oi the people.
Matk mv prediction, the disunion politu ian^ of Missouri
■ will not allow the jx opleto decide wheihci ornotthej will
nave a convention. Oil. no tin-- would m*\ ei do. i t w ould
«.ve the people tune totl.mk tot themselves. H'e rnustdo
| the thinking foi them; if we do not. the country will be
| saved and we will he lost, is the idea uppermost m the
1 minds oi dituaionists.
New Series No. 27'.
(i It Missouri i^at last forced to assent to a dissolution ot
the Union, she should have guarantees from the southern
confederacy. The Gulf Stales will hisMon havmg-the right
to vote upon piopcrty. The yeomanry of Missouri wiil
never yield this point. Free trade is to be a ruling clement.
The iron, lead, and copper manufactures of Missouri, ag
well as tbeagrieuituialinterestsdependentonthem, Would
go down under theoperation of such a system. Exorbitant
direct taxation is abhorrent to our people. If we cannot
live in peacee under our pi escnt Government, then I am not
willing to ilsk any newconfederatlon without knowing how
or where we are to stand in it. For these reasons let Mis-
souri prepare well for contingencies, stand cool and firm
to act as hei own honor and the happiness of her people de-
mand. Move all, let cling to the Union as long as one
ray of hope i rmnins that it may be saved! fn giving uttei-
ance lo the.se sentiments I know that lam braving the epi-
demic that has seized on the public mind m my own filiate;
but I am ready tomeetthe consequences. 1 havenopoltt-
ical ambition that could be giatified by place and power in
a miserable little sectional confederacy or military despot-
ism. My political existence is of no consequence what-
ever. 1 can only know that my country is in imminent
peril, and I shall do all in my power to save it, without re-
gaid to consequences peisonal to myself. I know no-polit-
ical distinctions now lmt one 1 for or against my country.>
Democrats;, Whig*, Know-Nothing5!, are names tlmtT now
blot out from my memory, i shall strive to forget thejtu
until we get tlnough this dark and stormy night."
This letter was dated Washington, District of
Columbia, January 14, 1861.
He presented after this a peace memorial, and
used all the powers of his mind to accomplish
conciliation. But when Beauregard opened his
batteries on Sumter lie lost all hope of avoiding
war. His next purpose was to assuage the pas-
sions of the border States, and give them time to
reflect what they were about. In a resolution
which he offered relative to confiscation of rebel
property lie refused an amendment-to be added
relative to freeing slaves. He carried a resolu-
tion through the House suspending the collection
of ditect revenue in Missouri for twelve months.
In Kentucky this mild pohcy proved highly ben-
eficial, but in Missouri the combinations of the
Knights of the Golden Circle were so formidable
that this tacit tiuce did not prevent their stir-
ring the passions and laboi ing in support of their
principles. The taking of Camp Jackson by
General Lyon, (May 10, 1861,) and the firing
into the mob by some German soldiers in St.
Louis, were made pretexts for inflaming the peo-
ple against the Government. Persons from the
country who had been visiting St. Louis in great
numbers about that time, drawn thither by the
excitement of the times and to view the prospects
of the future, fell into the hands of the enemies of
the Government, and were drawn irresistibly into
the whirlpool of excitement. Returning to their
homes they related to eager crowds what they
had soon. German regiments under control of
Republicans matching citizens and sons of cit-
izens, the proudest and wealthiest of the native-
born Americans, under guard to prison. They
declared it was a war between foreigners and na-
tive citizens—between Democrats and Republic-
ans. The excitement raised to the highest pitch,
and the most improbable stories were freely be-
lieved. Flags bearing ingenious southern devices
were displayed almost simultaneously over the
court-houses and oilier public buildings through-
out the State. They bore delusory mottoes which
appealed to the prejudices of the people, such as
" M issoui i always right; but,right or wrong, M is-
- souri anyhow." Ladies were engaged in mak-
ing these flags, and having never before been of
atiy political importance they were easily flattered
into adhenng to the fiist party which publicly
courted their favor. The nominal sccresy of
these proceedings found a charm in their eyes.
To the women of the South is the rebellion in-
debted fora great measure of its success. In them
was conceived that personal hostility to the North.
In their festivities they vied with each other in
the expression of aversion and contemptof north-
ern people and northern valor. Under such au-
spices many, especially young men, committed
themselves to disloyal associations which soon
transformed them into open rebellion. Thus a
momberof nearly every family was borne by this
pressure into the disloyal ranks. In many in-
stances it was a favorite son or brother whose
adventurous* spirit led him to seek the danger
