2440
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
act as executors or administrators. In many cases
they refuse to net as the law requires an oath or
affirmation.
Mr. HOWE. I may be mistaken about this;
bat while the Senator from Ohio is endeavoring
to furnish some relief to a peculiar class of peo-
ple, of whom I never heard before, men mo con-
scientious that they will neither take an oath nor
make an affirmation, it seems to me he is expos-
ing the framework of tins bill to very sei iou  peril.
If you do not require this return to be sworn to,
■while all others are, any man who wishes to with-
holda just return will say to the assessor, 44 I will
not make any list; I will not make any return; 1
willgive you theitemsoutof winch you can make
one." The assessor administers an oath to him
to give true returns. It is on parol; there is no
♦ record of it. He goes on then, having taken such
an oath as the assessor sees fit to administer, to
make true statements, to give his list, to give the
particulars. What he actually swears to does not
appear in writing. There is no return of that oath
made. The assessor writes down the items he
gets from him. If in law he is supposed to have
sworn to that return which the assessor makes,
then you substitute a legal inference for a certifi-
cate appended; and it seems to me you make that
uncertain which ought to be certain.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will suggest to Sen-
ators whether the difficulty would not be avoided
by striking out the word 4< shall" in the foui teenth
line and inserting "may;" so that it will read,
u may be received as the list of such person,"
leaving the discretion to the assessor on the sub-
ject if he is satisfied that the list is a correct one.
1 have no objection to putting in the words " on
oath or affirmation," if Senators desire it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think they had better be
put in there.
Mr. FESSENDEN. After the word <{ dis-
close ?"
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not care where they
are inserted. They could justas well be inserted
a'fter tin* word 41 disclose," but if the Senator pre-
fers to insert them in the twelfth line 1 have no
objection.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then let them be inseited
in that line.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think the better place
would be to insert them after the word "signed,"
in the twelfth line. The clause now reads:
Thon, nnd iri that case, it shall be the duty of the oflicw
to make such li>t or retina, which being distinctly rend,
consumed to, and signed by the person so''owning, possosh-
Ing, oi having the cure and mtm.igcimmi us aforesaid, j-ha!l
bo received u& the ii&t of Mich pcivon.
I will move after the word 4< sigm-d " to insert
the words u and vended by oath or aflii mnUou,"
The amendment way agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. i suggest whether it won Id
not be well to change the word " shall" m the
fourteenth lino to 44 may," so as not to make it
imperative to receive it, but leave it to the dis-
cretion of the assessor.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 think that ought to be so.
The .PRESIDENT pro tempore. That amend-
ment will be made, if there be no objection.
Mi. SHERMAN. Jt is provided for in the
Subsequent section.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In the subsequent sec-
tion,section fomteen, line eleven, I move to strike
out the words " which return shall bp" before the
Word 44 verified;" so that it will read:
It Miall be the duly ot such aw^tutit a^essoi to leave at
such place ot le^ideuce, with -oiue oneof Mutable ago and
dJ->cr<aioii, H' sudl lie pie ont, oihcnvis-e to deposit tn the
nearest post olfiee, a note oi memorandum, addicssed to
such pei on, inquiring him pr h<-i to present to such us-
foesftor the liai or return leqnued by law within t<-n davs
from the date ol such note oi memorandum, verifu d by oath.
it is a mere notice to him. i think it will lend
better in that way.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 propose further to
amend thai clause by inserting after the woid
"oath," m the twelfth line of the section, the
words 44 or affirmation."
A'Ir. JOHNSON. I think those words are al-
ways understood.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
Section fourteen, line eighteen, to strike out the
words "false oi fraudulent" before the .word
"list," and after the woid ''return" to insert
"which in the opinion of the anjossor is false or
fraudulent," and in line nineteen after the word ||
to strike out the words 44 a list on which (
there is," and to insert the word 4* contains;" so !
that the clause will read: !
And if any person, on bein^notified or required as afore- j
said, shaii let'use or uciiieet to give such Iim, or ietui u j
within lhe time required Uf. aloresahl, ot if any person t-hall '
not delivoi a monthly oi other 1M oi return without notice j
at the Utne requiied by law, or if any person .-hall deliver
or disclose to any assessor or assistant assessor any list,
statement, or return which, in the oputton of the assessor,
is> lalse or iiaudulont, or contains any undei-^tatement or
under-vaiuation, it shall be lawful for the a^se^or to sum-
mon by subpciki, to be served by any absibtant assessor,
such person, &.e.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section fourteen,
line thirty-two, after the word 44 contempt" to
insert44 and for the purpose of enforcing such at-
tachment said assessor shall be vested with all
the powers exercised by judges of the district
courts of the United States in like cases."
Mr. JOHNSON. What is to be the operation
of that amendment? Is it to give authority to the
assessor to commit persons to prison?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir.
Mr. JOHNSON. That .seems to me going
rather further, 1 ihmk, than at present advised 1
should be willing to go.
Mr. FESSEN Dj'ZN. I do not know of any
other way to reach it. At any rate, as the sec-
tion reads without amendment, it cannot have
much effect: 14 And to enforce such writ by at-
tachment for contempt." He may attach a per-
son for contempt; but what will lie do with him
afterwards if he refuse to do anything alfr he is
attached? There must be some power of com-
mitment.
Mr. JOHNSON. He can hand lum over, I
suppose, to the courts.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is nobody to hand
him over to, and theie is no other couise to be
taken. You must either stiike out the whole
clause, which would deprive the assessors of ail
power with reference to (he matter, or else you
must give them sullieienf authority toenforeetho
writ. I do not think there is any danger that ran
ai ise fi inn it. It is merely for the puipose of ob-
taining testimony. if persons refuse to testify,
they ought to bu compelled to do so, and punished
if they do not.
Mr. DAVIS. [ am opposed to theamendment
reported by the Committee on Finance, and will
move to amend the amendment by striking out of
the text of the bill the words 44 and to enforce such
writ of attach merit for contempt, "and in connec-
tion with those words to strike out the whole
amendment as tepoi ted by the committee.* The
amendment is somewhat obscure and ambiguous
in Us language, I think; but to give it the con-
junction to which it would bo entitled, itelotli'>s
the assessor with enormous powers by which he
will be enabled to harass and oppress men very
greatlf*. ! t would be entirely too much power to
place in the hands of men of the legal intelligence
of those who generally fill the olhee of assessor.
I do not object to his examining a party upon oath,
and I do not object to declaringa false oath before
him to be perjury or fal.-e swearing, and that a
poison guilty of that peijury or false swearing
shall he subject to the pains and penalties gener-
ally attached to those citmes; but I do utterly object
to the proposition to invest in these assessors a
; power parallel with that of the district courts in
i case of conlempt. The committee propose to in-
[ sort these words :
| And tor the ptnpose ot eufoicing such attachment '.aid
| a-ii"<hor sdiall he vo.-ted Willi all the pi>wrin evrtined tn
; linkfe- of the deduct conils of the i'nited St.itc.-. in liko
[ au-ci.
i What like ruses 15
I Mr. FESSENDEN. Cases of contempt.
All. DA*Y IS. So 1 supposed. Now, what are
: the powers vested m disinct courts in cases of
contempt? They issue an attachment; (hey sum-
mon the party behue them for contempt; tiiey
fine and imprison ium. Do the committee piopo^e
to invest all this power m an assessor? It is a 1|
power that would be very greatly abused. L ij
know some of the men who are assessors m Ken- ji
tucky,and 1 know it is a power which many of Ij
them are utteily incompetent to exercise for the ji
want of intelligence, an J many for the want of i
, high moral principle. Under that amendment, |j
| an assessor having a spue a^uinstaparucular in- j,
: dividual or who might be inimical to him, would li
have'the power to summon him before him, to
examine him upon oath; and if the examination
was not satisfactory to him, he would have the
still further power to confine and imprison him,
just as a judge of the district court of the United
States may imprison a person for contempt.
Why, sir, it is clothing a pigmy with the power
to wield a thunderbolt. It is a power altogether
disproportionate to the office of assessor, and
disproportionate to the intellect and intelligence
and legal capacity of the men who fill it. It is
one of the highest powers with which a civil offi-
cer can be clothed, to call up a man before him
summarily to answer fo him for contempt, and if
the answers do not suit the august judge, that he
shall have the power forthwith to fine him atthe
discretion to which a judge may fine for contempt,
or mder him to be imprisoned in jail, i am op-
posed to clothing these assessors with any such
extensive and grave powers as those.
The PRESIDENT/)/*? tempore. The Chair will
suggest to the Senator fiom Kentucky that the
amendment he proposes will hardly be an amend-
ment to the amendment, hut is an ameiulmentof
the original text of the bill which may be moved
after the amendment of the committee shall have
been disposed of.
Mr. DAVIS. If that amendment should be
adopted, can 1 then move to stiike out the ori-
ginal text including the amendment?
flie PRES1 DENT pro tempore. The Chair is
of the opinion that the Senator can do so.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let me suggest, by way
of obviating what .seems to be a difficulty—and
the clause is really obnoxious to some objection,
1 think, by allowing these inferior officers to ex-
el cise this high power—that it be amended so as to
allow the assessors to enforce such writ of attach-
ment for contempt, returnable before the judge of
the district court of the United States of the dis-
trict wheie the defaulting witness resides, and let
linn proceed as in other eases.
Mr. DAVlSandMr. JOHNSON. Thatwilldo.
Mr, GRIMES. Why not way 44 judge of the
disiiict or commissioner of the United States*"
Mr. TRUMBULL. No,sir; I do not wish to
give to a commissioner of the United States mi-
thonty to imprison a man for contempt. Let the
party pay the expenses, and let the writ be re-
turnable before the judge of the district court.
Mi. FESSENDEN. ' The Senator can m ke
the proposition iri writing1.
M r. TllUM BULL. 1 merely suggest it to ob-
viate this difficulty, but it can be reduced to writ-
ing in a minute.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know but that
would he better than the amendment as it stands.
\W are not at all anxious to retain anything ob-
noxious, and if the Senator will be kind enough
to put H in shape 1 will not object to it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will prepare an amend-
ment to carry out that idea. The Senate can m
the mean time paws to the next amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think we had better fix
this first.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The Senator will put m writing his
proposed modification of the committee's atnend-
me nt.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 move to strike out all
of the amendment reported by the committee and
to insert:
And ictntnabie befoie ihe judye of the district eomt of
the United States, havmsj juiisdiction over said h—e—oj\
d^t!!ft,;ind who, for the purpose of enfoiemg Mich atlfndi-
mem, ic voted with alt the powen cxeici-ed by judge- ol
the demiet couits of the United Stales in like cades.
Mr. DAVIS. Why not say "cases of con-
tempt ?"
Mi. TRUMBULL. "Like cases" would mean
44 eases of contempt."
M r. FESSENDEN. I suggest to the Senator
to mseit these words:
Heturnable hctbie the of the di-tiiet court in the
diMnct ni which such pet-on iconics, who shaii lonhwith
pioce< d to hear and d^tcumne the .same, and nuike Mich
mdei and decree theieon as he may jud^e neee>-aiy.
Air. TRUMBULL. I desiied to preserve the
language of the hill. That is the same thing,
and I have no objection to that, though I think
the language of the bill is just as good. I will
svithduiw my amendment, and allow thai to be
oiTeied. *
The PRESIDING OFFICER. .The question
now 13 on the amendment of the Senator from
