1464
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April T,
under such legislation be uphe'd by our courts?
Shall banking companies and railroad corpora-
tions lose their franchises and take nonsuits in
cases involving their rights, simply because the
acts of incorporation may have been passed by a
Legislature assembled under the Richmond gov-
ernment? Will notali local legislation passed by
the law-making powers of the respective States in
rebellion be suffered to remain on their statute-
books, and even be recognized by us, unless it
should be found to contravene the Constitution of
the United States? The same would be true, in-
deed, ifthe States had never seceded. However
loyal they might be, their legislation in conflict
with the Federal Constitution would be void.
In my view of the subject the act of secession
is void. It is void only because it conflicts with
the Constitution. Acts of a subsequent date are
likewise void if subject to the same objection;
if not unconstitutional they are valid. One un-
constitutional act cannot destroy a government for
local purposes. -Every act, I admit, passed by
the State with a view to promote the interests of
the southern confederacy, to compel the citizen
to give'it aid and support, is certainly invalid.
We should give it no countenance. But I am not
prepared to say in such eases that rights of third
persons already acquired m the enforcement of
such legislation should be disregarded after the
restoration of peace. So far as the legislative
power of the State may have been exercised dur-
ing the lubellion for local purposes within the
bounds of its limited sovereignty the Federal
courts will have no jurisdiction to interfere with
it. Congress cannot repeal it, because no such
power is given in the Constitution. Any execu-
tive mteifeience with such legislation would be
simply usurpation. It is idle, then, to declare the
State dead, for it not only lives, but lives beyond
our control. It is true that the Constitution di-
rects that the ofticeis of the State government shall
be sworn to support that instrument. Itmaybe
urged that this provision was intended to add the
obligations of an oath to the duties of the citizen,
to insuie official action m harmony with the Con-
stitution; that the failure thus to be sworn
should no moie destroy the State government than
the pa.s? a£e of nn act of secession by a legislative
body that had been sworn. In either case it would
be but a violation of the Constitution. The latter
of itself is much woise than the former, for in that
case there is an act inflicting an injury; m the
other Case there (night he awolation or disregard
of the Constitution without injury. For instance,
the legislative body, though not sworn, may pass
no act in conflict with the supreme law. Their
duty as citizens may be sufficient to constrain
compliance with the law. Suppose the nextad-
mmistiation of State officers in New Yoikshould
neglect to take this oath, hut proceed in the dis-
charge of their duties, the Legislature enacting no
law m conflict with the Constitution; would
that constitute a reason for interference by the
Federal authorities with legislation purely of a
local cluu.U'ler?
But it is argued that the United States shall
guaianty to every State in this Union a repub-
lican form ofgovernment. That is true; but I hope
thiswai may not be justified under this provision.
The definition of this provision may he that the
State government shall be one in which, in form
at least, the power shall be lodged in the people;
a government not monarchical nor aristocratic, but
a democracy t.iiherpureor tepresonfative in char-
acter. 11 then1 me two governments in a State,
Congress may leeognize either as the true gov-
ernment. Both migiii be republican in form, and
the intei furcnce would not be to change the one
or the other, hm could only ariseunderother pro-
visions of the Constitution. If one were repub-
lican in foi m, and the other were not,the former
should be recognized.
If the form of government in the seceded States
were republican before secession, it is so yet.
Their constitutions, J believe, are generally un-
changed, even under the usurpation. If there be
any change it is to be found in the ordinances of
secession, which, being void, could woik novalid
change, it is true that the revolutionists, for the
time being, have silenced the loyal sentiment, and
transfurird the allegiance of the seceded States to
the rebel government at Richmond. Even that
government.whatever may be its ultimate designs,
is modeled after our own. The people elect their
rulers in the same manner as prescribed in our
Government.
When rebellion shall have been suppressed in
the respective States, the constitutions and laws
stand ready made for the loyal element to act.
They can elect the members of Congress who
will come toWashington instead ofgoing to Rich-
mond. The members of their General Assem-
blies will elect Senators who will come and take
their seats in this Hall. The whole machinery
of government will go on as before. The Fed-
eral Government will protect the loyal element,
and punish the disturbers of the public peace by
taking from them political power.
On the score of expediency I cannot but accept
the wisdom of this policy. There is a natural
pride of Statewhich we all entertain,exhibitions
of which we daily sec in Congress and elsewhere.
To retain the old State lines and the State govern-
ments as far as possible will naturally stimulate
that pride. The opposite course would neces-
sarily wound it. Again, the power of the Fed-
eral Government has been excluded from the se-
ceded States for three years. During'that time
some sort of government was a necessity, and
great changes have taken place in property rights.
Many men who are now sincerely for the Union,
if any doubts existed as to the stability of those
rights, would hesitate long before taking action.
To return to the Union would unsettle rather than
confirm rights. It might produce anarchy where
there is now some order at least. To accept the
present condition of things, as far as can be done
without jeopardizing future peace, to disturb as
little as possible the status brought about even
in the absence of Federal authority, will, in my
judgment, smooth the road to restoration.
But 1 am at once answered that by this plan
rebels may take part m the elections and vote the
Stale out again. 1 answer, by no means, if Con-
gress will do its duty. The question of citizen-
ship of the United States is a question in the
discretion of Congress. The power of naturaliza-
tion is in our hands. If one is not a citizen, the
terms of his citizenship may be prescribed by
Congress. The rebels were citizens of the United
States. The question is, can Congress, in the
proper exercise of its powers, take away that cit-
izenship; in other words, "denationalize" the sub-
ject? Whatever doubts may have formeily ex-
isted in regard to the right of "expatriation,"
jurists everywhere now concede the right with
the consent of the sovereign. The American doc-
tiine always conceded the light. If,then, by ex-
patriation, the sovereign and the subject both
conseti4in<r, the rights of citizenship may be re-
linquished, why with the same consent can he
not be " denationalized ?" in the one case he
leaves the country, in the other he remains in it.
In both cases he elects to withdraw his allegiance
from the United States and transfers it to another
power. That expressed wish on the part of the
ciiUen, coupled with the consent of the sovereign,
is sufficient, whether he remain in the country or
leave it, and by similar reasoning it will not mat-
ter whether lie elects to transfer his allegiance to
a government de jure or de facto.
Many of the States, perhaps all of them, have
on their statute-books laws which practically
" denationalize" the citizen, so far as concerns
his rights under those States. These are gen-
erally laws punishing felony, which the citizen
voluntarily commits. Congiess has passed sim-
ilar law s. Our statute of treason disqualifies from
holding office.
Now, it is a fact known to us all that at the
outbreak of the rebellion the constitution of each
seceded State required that the voter should not
only be a citizen of the State, but also of the Uni-
ted States. If this provision has been changed
by ordinances of secession, or by subsequent at-
tempts to amend the constitution, it amounts to
nothing, for such acts in aid of the rebellion, I
have already said, are void. Then the State re-
mains there. This thing we call the State I ap-
prehend does not consist of votersalone. It may
be viewed in a civil as well as a political sense.
The women and children of Massachusetts are
a part of the State, though they are not voters.
Massachusetts may further restrict the elective
franchise, attaching a property qualification, and
those excluded would oe a part, of the State, en-
titled to representation in Congress, but without
political influence.
Now, cannot Congress under these principles
legally and constitutionally remove all difficulties
in the way of reconstruction? A portion of the
people of the South have thrown off their allegi-
ance, They have elected to withdraw their rights
as citizens under the United States. Why can
we not consent to that forfeiture ? They certainly
•will have no right to complain. It is their own
choice. It will be observed that we have not yet
given that consent. We have not undertaken to
separate the traitor from the loyal man. The
President from mere necessity has undertaken
it, but he certainly has no power to '* denational-
ize," and hence those conflicts at the polls between
the citizens and the military. Those conflicts
will go on until Congress shall separate the true
citizens from the inhabitants, the mere denizens
or denationalized traitors. He who has volunta-
rily taken up arms against the Federal Govern-
ment, and persists in withholding his allegiance,
asserting that it is legally transferred to another
power, should not exercise the right of voting.
He should be stripped of the privileges of citizen-
ship under our Government. This is but just,
and the rebel himself will so recognize it. He
ought to be denationalized, and so remain until
Congress shall see fit to enfranchise him, in other
words to naturalize him. It is the supremest folly
to assert the right to put down rebellion in a State,
whatever be the numbers engaged in it, if we allow
the traitors to usurp the civil government.
If these positions be correct, why cannot Con-
gress apply the needed remedy? If we can con-
sent to this forfeiture of citizenship on the part of
the rebels, we can adopt the measures necessary
to ascertain who they are. Then why not pass
a registration law requiring all persons in the se-
ceded States within a given period (the time may
be different, as circumstances demand, in the re-
spective States) to come forward and file with
commissioners an oath of allegiance or loyalty to
the United States? Those who do so, and who
are voters under the State constitutions as they
existed when secession took place, are the polit-
ical power of the State. They who refuse may
be " denationalized.s' They lose their citizenship
at their own instance. They have asked to with-
draw their allegiance. The Government consents.
The State constitution under which they live re-
quires that they shall be citizens of the United
States before exercising the elective franchise.
They therefore cease to be voters. The adop-
tion of this simple rule would have saved all elec-
tion trouble in Maryland, Missouri, and Ken-
tucky. It will save much blood in the future.
The satisfactory settlement of the coming presi-
dential election may depend upon this action of
Congress.
But at this point it will be objected that these
rebel States in this manner will get back into the
Union with full political power in Congress and
in the selection of a President. It is already urged
that this plan of reconstruction is anti-republican,
that it enables the few in the State to control the
many. Has not this always been the case in the
States? New York has a population of near four
millions. We say suffrage there is unrestricted.
How many voters are there? A little over half
a million. Missouri hasapopulation of one mil-
lion one hundred thousand. „Its voting popula-
tion has never exceeded one hundred and sixty-
five thousand. Of the others some are citizens,
some are not. New York may adopt a property
qualification which will disfranchise half of her
present voters. So may Massachusetts. So may
Rhode Island. Can Congress object? Their do-
ing so would not lessen their political power here
Representation is not based on the voting popula-
tion, not on political strength, but on the strength
of the society, " on their respective numbers,
which shall be determined by adding to the whole
number of free peisons, including those bound to
service for a term of years, and excluding Indians
not taxed, three fifths of all other persons."
What matters it to us if the voting strength bo
great or small? The numbers are there. We
can tax those numbers. We can make them bear
arms in defense of the country. They are an ele-
ment of strength in every other respect except in
the use of political power. In that they have
been an element of weakness to us. This power
being legally taken away, the State remains in its
full vigor, letaining its political influence m the
Federal Government, as Massachusetts would
