8416
THE CONGRESSIONAL <6rLOBE.
June 30,
shall not say anything about it. I hope it will
be taken up and voted upon.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I have been anxious to
have an adjournment within the course of a couple
of weeks at least; but if we are to take up this
sort of measures at the close of the aession it is
impossible; and certainly this bill will not pass
without some debate. The Senator ought not to
expect that.
Mr. CHANDLER. I pledge the Senator from
Indiana that no discussion will take place on the
part of the friends of this measure. If its enemies
see fit to occupy the time of the Senate, I cannot
help that; but I do not think they will. I am
going to let them talk themselves out in short
time, and I am not going to give them food for a
rehash of the same speeches. I am going to keep
quiet.
Mr. CONNESS. How long is this discussion
to go on before the vote is taken?
Mr. CHANDLER. I call for the yeas and
nays on my motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 9, nays 19; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Chandler, Connesf, Howe, Morgan,
Pomcioy, Ramsey, Sumner, Wade, and Wilkinson—9.
NAYS—Messrs. J3unvn, Oailile,Clark, Davis, Doolittle,
Fessenden, Toot, Foster, Giimes, Hendricks, Lane of Kan-
sas, NeMuith, Powell, Sheiman, Ten Eyek, Trumbull,Van
Winkle, Wil!py,aml Wilson—19.
ABSENT-—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Coll,imer, Cow
an, Dixon, Hale, Harding, Harlan, Hairis, Henderson,
Hicks, liowaid, Johnson, Lane of Indiana, McDougall,
Motrill, Riehaidson, Itiddle, Saulsbury, Spraguc, and
WiigUt—10.
So the motion to take up the bill was not agreed
to.
PUNISHMENT OF GUEItRILLAS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senate
will now resume the consideration of the bill
which was before it at the time it took a recess.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (H. II. No.
511) to provide for the more speedy punishment
of guerrillas, and for other purposes.
Mr. WILSON. There is an amendment pend-
ing, 1 believe, to strike out the word 44 and" in
the eleventh line.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That has been
agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. It is my purpose to detain
the Senate but for a single moment in stating the
object of this bill.
Sumo months ago General Sherman wrote a
very pressing letter to General Holt, urging some
action in regard to this question. Ho said that
humanity required some legislation; that at least
u thousand lives in his department would be saved
by the adoption of his suggestions, lie stated
that the country was infested by guerrillas; that
they were committing crimes that made human-
ity blush; that they were continually arresting
these men and trying them before military com-
munions and convicting them, but the sentences
had to be senton to Washington before they could
be executed, and it took an average of six months
before any answer came hack; and during that
tune, not having prisons in which to put these
persons, many of them escaped; it made the pun-
ishment of guerrillas uncertain; and the result
was that the people, where they had the strength,
were taking the power into their own hands,and
were retaliating upon these guerrillas; that our
soldiers when they captured them, now very
often, to use a phrase of the soldiers," lostthem
jn the HWtttnps," or " they fell oil a log," and
were 'Most in bringing them in." He said it was
necessary that these guerrillas should be put on
the same footing as spies, as murderers, and that
class of men, be tried and convicted, and the sen-
tence carried into effect by the general command-
ing the department.
This bill was prepared by Genera! Holt, was
sent to the committees here, reported in the House
of Representatives, passed that body, and is now
before us. An amendment has been adopted to
it; and 1 trust the bill will receive the support of
the Senate. I believe as a question of simple hu-
manity that it ought to be passed. The intelli-
gence that comes to us now from every quarter
of the country is that these guerrillas are more
active and more fiendish than ever. If we want
to check them they must be speedily punished, and
if we want to prevent the people whom they are j
attempting to murder or the soldiers in the field
from executing upon them summary punishment,
we must, when we arrest them and try. them,
punish them promptly, and let all parties see that
it is a great crime that must be speedily and swiftly
punished. We are convicting them. I saw an
account that there were five executed the other
day in the West. The guerrilla that shot General
McCook has been taken, and although he joined
the rebel army since, he has been tried, convicted,
and sentenceu to be executed, and execution will
undoubtedly follow. I hope that the bill will pass
without any opposition.
A word in regard to the definition of " guer-
rilla." General Holt tells me that i-t is just as
well understood as the word "spy, "and as clearly
defined and understood in his office and in the
court-martials and military commissions, and
they are tried just as regularly as though they
were mutineers or murderers or spies. I hope,
therefore, that the Senate will pass the bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate as-amended,
and the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I should like to hear the
bill read as it now stands.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Be it enacted, #c., That the provisions of the twenty-fust
section of an aet entitled "An actfor emolling and calling
out. the national forces, and for other purposes,5' appioved
March 3, 1S63, shall applvas well to the *entences ol mili-
tary commissions as to those of courts-martial; and here-
after the commanding general in the field or the commander
of the department, as the case may be, shall have power to
carry into execution all sentences against guerrillas for
robbery, arson, burglary, rape, assault with intent to com-
mit rape, and for violation of the laws and customs of war,
as well as sentences against spies, mutineers, deserters,
and murderers.
Sec. 2. Jlnd he UJurther enacted. That eveiy officer au-
thorized to order a general court-maitial «diall have power
to pardon or mitigate any punishment ordered by such court,
including that of confinement in the penitentiary, except
the sentence of death or ol cashiering or diMmssmg an offi-
cer, which sentences it shall be competentduring the con-
tinuance o{ the present lebellion for the general command-
ing the army in the Held, or the. department commandei,
a* the case may he, to remit or mitigate; and the filth sec-
tion of the aet approved July 17, 1^6-, ehaptei two hun-
dred and one, be, and the s-ame is hereby, repealed, so far
a- it lelates to sentences of imprisonment in the peniten-
tiary.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. lhjCKALEw] had prepared an
amendment to the first section, and I thought it
was a very proper amendment, and as he is not in
I will offer it. It is to add the following proviso:
Provided, That this section shall be confined in us ap-
plication to the tState« in which in-'imection has been de-
elan d to exist, and the term u gueu lilas'' Ix'icin con tamed
shall not be held to include pcifons employed in tne au-
thouzed militaiy service of the enemy.
Mr. WILSON. 1 think that amendment had
better not be put in the bill. I am very well satis-
fied on inquiry of those who understand this sub-
ject, who know all about it and have it before
them every day, that it would be a great disad-
vantage to do it. Take, for instance, the State of
Missouri; all the accounts* are that portions of
the State arc overrun with guerrillas. There is
no other power to arrest and try them but the
military power. They are doing that. They are
trying these men; and they executed five out
there a few days ago. They are imprisoning and
fining them according to the enormity of their
offenses on the loyal people. They area class of
men that work in daytime and are out murder-
ing during the night. They are now committing
tcmble ravages on the country. Perhaps at no
period of our history have the guerrillas been so
formidable and so cruel as at the present time.
There will be no sort of trouble come from this
bill. These men are now tried wherever found,
whether they are in Kentucky, or Tennessee, or
in Missouri, or any of the other States that are
in the war regions of the country; of course not
in the regions of the country where there are not
some raids or liability to raids. I think the bill
is just what it ought to be; and I am sure that the
Senator from Indiana,ifhe had devoted any consid-
erable time to the subject in consultation with those
who have the administration of it and examined
the letters of military officers from the field, would
be satisfied that the passage of this bill will have a
tendency to check these crimes and prevent people
taking the power into their own hands. One
of the worst features of war anywhere is when
people undertake to avenge their own wrongs;
and when soldiers become accustomed to arrest i
bad men and they find they are allowed to make
their escape or are not punished, they make up
their minds they will not take them prisoners, but
will shoot them on the way. It is a very bad
thing and ought to be checked.
Mr. WILLEY. I have some doubt about the
operation of this bill, arising out of the fact that
however well the term " guerrilla" may be under-
stood in the Departments heie,I myself have no
very definite idea of its application. But I rose
principally to state that if we are to have this bill
passed, 1 should regret, if it is to have any bene-
ficial effect, that it should be confined simply to
the States declared to be in insurrection, if the
Senator from Indiana had had some of the expe-
rience that we have had in West Virginia he
would be very glad to avail himself of any rem-
edy which would have a tendency to prevent the
murderous, diabolical cruelties and depredations
of these worse than fiends. Men shoot down our
farmers on the highway going to mill; drag min-
isters out of the pulpit and hang them on the trees
in front of their churches, or take them away and
shoot them a short distance off. They commit
every species of in humanity and diabolical cruelty.
That kind of cruelty and depredation is yet to
some extent prevalent in a considerable portion
of West Virginia, I imagine it is the same in
Kentucky, and the intelligence is that it prevails
to a very gieat extent in Missouri. If this bill is
to bo passed, and if it is to have any beneficial
effect, these are the very States—Missouri and
West Virginia and Kentucky—where these ben-
efits would be most felt, because it is in those
States I imagine that the greatest depredations
are committed by these guerrillas. Within the
lines of the enemy themselves there is not much
of it, or even in those portions of the States within
our lines that are declared to be in insurrection
there is not so much of it as there is in the States
of Missouri, Kentucky, and West Virginia.
Mr. HENDRICKS. As the Senator having
the bill in charge and the Senator from West
Virginia take exception especially to the first part
of the proviso, and as the Senator from West
Virginia represents one of the States which would
be excepted by the proviso, I am willing to strike
that out of the amendment.
So far as 1 am myself concerned, the ptincipal
purpose I had in ottering the amendment was to
prevent troublesome questions arising during the
prosecution of the war. If we, under such a law
as this, execute persons because they are found
in small bands, when they in fact belong to the
army of the enemy, we shall find ourselves met
with letahation on the part of the rebels. Sena-
tors recollect the case that grew up in Kentucky
where two officers of the regular army of the en-
emy were executed under an order of General
Burnside. One of my own townsmen, a captain
in the Aimy, whom 1 esteemed very highly in-
deed, was selected at Richmond by lot to be put
to death because of that, and barely escaped,
though lie finally did, and is at home now. But
such questions ought not to arise if we can avoid
them.
I understand it is the policy of the Government
to treat the regular forces of the South as bellig-
erents. The last part of the proviso simply ap-
plies to that; that the term £t gueuilla" shall not
be construed to include persons who are in the
regular service of the rebel army. By that pro-
viso we ahall avoid very disagreeable and embar-
rassing questions which can do the service no
good. If I have the authority to do it, I modify
the proviso by striking out the first clause which
excludes the States not in insurrection.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
modifies his amendment, and it will be read as
modified.
The Secretary read the amendment as modi-
fied, to add to the first section the following pro-
viso:
Provided, That the teim " gueriiHna,'"herein contained,
shall not be held to include persons employed .in the au-
thorized military service of the enemy.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If theSenatorfrom West
Virginia will look closely aMliis bill he will see
that it does not provide for punishing anybody
who is not to be punished by existing laws.
That is not the object of the bill. The object of
the bill IS simply to do away with the necessity
of sending to the President the finding of the com t
