1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL OLOBE.
Maine to the amendment of the Committee on
Finance, to strike out all of the committee's amend-
ment in the following words:
And for the purpose of enforcing such attachment said
assessor fchall be vested with all the powers cxcrcised by
judges of the distuct courts of the United States in like
cases.
' And to insert in lieu thereof the words that
have been read by the Senator from Maine.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will change the phrase-
ology so as to read, "forthwith proceed to hear
and determine' thereon, and to make such order
and decree as he may judge necessary for the
purpose of enforcing such attachment."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be so
mo.dified, and as it now stands will be read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Returnable before the judge of the district court for the
district in which such person resides, who shall forthwith
proceed to hear and determine thereon, and to make such
order and decree as he may judge necessary for the purpo&e
of enforcing such an attachment. 4
Mr. HARRIS. Mr. President, I am not sat-
isfied with this proposition, even as it now stands.
I think it is very objectionable. It proposes to
confer upon this excise officer judicial power so
far as it relates to the issuing of process. It au-
thorizes an assessor to issue process to punish for
contempt. That would be very extraordinary,
very objectionable, very obnoxious, I think.
"Wn&t kind of process would this be? An attach-
ment for contempt is issued by a judicial tribunal;
it is issued under the seal of the court; and it is
served by an officer of the court. Who is to serve
this'attaehment? Who is to arrest this person
and execute this process, this subpenar Has
the marshal power? Has the assessor power?
Has the deputy assessor power? Has any indi-
vidual power? Who is to execute this attach-
ment and to arrest this person ?
Again, sir, the judge in the district in which I
reside sometimes resides four hundred miles from
the assessor; and is this person that is to be dep-
utized by him, this imaginary person that is to
serve this extraordinary process, issued without
the seal of a court, issued by an assessor, a pro-
cess to punish for contempt—is he to take this in-
dividual four or five hundred miles to the district
judge for the purpose of having th*  matter inquired
into?. Sir, this is very extraordinary. It will never
do. Some other mode must be devised. It will
never do to confer upon an assessor, an excise of-
ficer, this extraordinary power.
Mr. FESSENDEN. One suggestion that the
Senato*has made is valuable. I see by a previous
provision in this bill that the assessor is to sum-
mon by subpena to be served by any assistant
assessor. I move to insert after the word "con-
tempt" in the thirty-second line the words " to
be served by any assistant assessor;" so that it
will road:
And to enforce sucli writ by attachment for contempt to
be served by any assistant as&efc&oi, returnable befoie the
judge of the district, &e.
1 suppose that modification can be made without
taking a vote.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment to theamendmentwillbeso modified, if there
be no objection.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I really see no objection
to this clause. The Senate will observe that it
operates only upon persons in specific cases; that
is, where they refuse to answer interrogatories,
where they refuse to produce their books. A
great difficulty arises in the collection of taxes,
because the assessor cannot get at the informa-
tion necessary to assess them. Suppose that after
notice is given to a person to render an account
he refuses to do it, or, when it comes m, the ac-
count is in such a condition that on the face of it
it cannot be relied upon in any way. Then we
propose, if it cannot be relied upon, or he refuses
to reader an account, to give power to the assessor
to interrogate him on them, to make him come and
answer (^upstions. If he refuses to do that, if he
has refused to render an account inthe first place,
and then refuses to answer any questions about
it, so that the assessor is left entirely in the dark,
then, in such a case, with reference to such an in-
dividual, thus contumacious, this power is given
to the assessor, and is to be given to nobody else.
If you are to have l^gal process issued against
him and carry the matter tin ongh the courts there
will be no end to it and no end to the expense;
but we provide here that the assessor may arrest
that person and take him,for his contumacy,his
entire neglect and refusal to answer, before a court
and compel him to answer questions which the
assessor may put. <
Suppose that it does excite feeling. It excites
feeling only in the breast of a man who,utterly
refuses to do his duty. I hardly think that we
should pay attention to the feeling that may be
excited among such people who will not do what
the law requires of them under such circum-
stances. We simply propose to take him before
a person entirely unprejudiced, a judge ofacourt,
to make him do that or to take the tonsequence.
I do not see any ground for the objection, as the
amendment now stands, made by the Senator
from New York. I trust that the amendment
may be adopted. I see no other way to accom-
plish the purpose.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The (gestionis
on the amendment to the amendment in the first
instance.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
The amendment of the committee as amended
was adopted.
The next amendment was in section fourteen,
line fifty, after the word "refusal" to insert " or
neglect, except in c&ses of sickness or absence
from the State;" in linefifty-two, after the word
"return" to insert "or to verify the same as
aforesaidin line fifty-three to strike out " twen-
ty" and insert "fifty;" and in the same line
after the word "duty" to strike out the words
"and m case of neglect (except in case of sick-
ness) he shall add ten per cent, to such duty,"
and to insert "and in case of neglect occasioned
by sickness or absence as aforesaid, the assessor
may allow such further time for making and de-
livering such list or return as he may judge ne-
cessary, not exceeding thirty days;" so that the
clause will read:
And in case of the return of a false or fraudulent list or
valuation, he shall add one hundred per cent, to bucli duty;
and in case of a refusal or neglect, except in cages oi sick-
ness or absence from the State, to make a list or return,or
to verify the s^me as aforesaid, ho shall add fifty per cent,
to sueli duty; and in case of neglect occasioned by sick-
ness or absence as aforesaid, the assessor may allow such
fuithnr time for making and delivcuug such list or return
a-? lie may judge necessary, not exceeding thirty days; and
the amount so added to the duty shall in all cases be col-
lected by the collector at the *auic time and in the same
m.mnoi with the duties; and the; lists or returns so made
and subscribed by such abse&s-ois or assistant assessors shall
he taken and reputed as good and sufficient lists or returns,
for all lrgal purposes.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to add at the end of
the fifteenth section the words " with costs of
prosecution;" so that it will lead:
That if anv person shall deliver or disclose to any as-
sessor or amount assessor appointed in pursuancoof law,
any faNe or fraudulent list, return, account, or statement,
with intent to defeat or evade the valuation, enunciation,
or assessment intended to be made, or if any peison who
being duly summoned t<  appear to KMify, or to appear and
produce such hooks as nfoie-aul,shall ncglect to appear oi
to produce said books, he shall, upon conviction thereof
belore any cncuit oi district couit ot the United States, be
fined in any Mini not exceeding $3U0.or be imprisoned ior
six months, or both, at the discretion of the court, with
costs of prosecution.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section seventeen,
line twelve, to strike out the word " at" and in-
sert "as."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section seventeen,
lines eight and nine, to stiike out the final " s" in
the words " assistants" and " persons.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the eighteenth section of
the hill.
Mr. HOWE. There are several verbal cor-
rections which it seems to me ought to be made
in that section, and I will suggest them now to
the chairman. It occurs to me that the woids
" firms or corporations" ought to be inserted
after the word " persons," in the eleventh line.
They are used m the sixteenth line of the section.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Does the Senator move
that amendment?
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir. .
Mr. JOHNSON. Are those wordsused in the
other clauses of the bill? Is there in any other
clause a distinction between " persons" and
!| "corporations?" If not, " persons" would lu-
ll elude " corporations," as here used.
Mr. HOWE. By an express statutory .inter-
pretation they do, and I (U> not icnow but at the
common law they do; but ,tha Senator will ob-
serve that these words are used jn the sixteenth
line of this section-and repfeatedly ^throughout
the bill. . ;
Mr. JOHNSON. That is another-iaatte^-. I
asked if they were used as contradistinguished
from each other. . :
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir. 1 mov? in the eleventh
line, after the word " persons" to insert" firms or
corporations."
Mr. FESSENDEN. In the sixteenth line it
reads, " firm, company, or corporation."
Mr. HOWE. Then I will say, " firms, com-
panies, or corporations."
Mr. JOHNSON. It cannot be necessary to
say " firms or companies."
Mr, FESSENDEN. It is so used in the six-
teenth line of the same section:
Or for which any firm, company, or corporation Is liable,
witli tlie amount of duty or tax payable thereon-
Mr. JOHNSON. I meant to say that the
word "persons " would certainly include 'ffirms."
Mr. FESSENDEN; .This will make it con-
sistent with the language used in other part's of
the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment as modified, in line eleven,
after the word " persons" to insert " firms, com-
panies, or corporations."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. In the twenty-third line of the
same section I think the word " list"- should' be
" lists,"and I make that motion. There are two
general lists.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. In lines twenty-three and twen-
ty-four 1 propose to strike out the words—and
this, perhaps, is a little more than a verbal amend-
ment—" the assessor under the direction of," so
as to let these forms be devised directly by the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue, The clause
now reads:
The forms of the said general lists shall be devised and
prescribed bv the assessor, uniler the direction of the Goui-
imssionci of fntcrnal .Revenue. *
Mr. FESSENDEN. I t]iink you had better
let that stand as'it is.
" Mr. HOWE. Very well; I will withdraw that
amendment. The clause continues:
And lists taken according to &uch forms -shall be made
out by the assistant afcseskors.
I suppose it means " and lists according to such
prescribed forms shall be made out." These lists
are taken by the assistant assessors and these
general lists of the form prescribed are made out
by the assistant assessors to be delivered to the
assessors.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Do you propose to strike
out the word " taken ?"
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 think that may as well
be allowed to stand.
Mr. HOWE. Very well.
The next amendment of the committee was in
section nineteen, line six, after the word " adver-
tise" to insert "by not less than ten days' no-
tice," and in line seven, after the word " time"
to strike out the following words, " of which not
less than ten days'notice shall be given?" so that
it will read: ,
That the assessor1* for caoh collection district shall, by ad-
veitisement in sonic public newspaper pablished m each
county within said district, if any such theio be, and by
notifications, to be posted up in at least four jmbhc places
within each assessment district, advertise, by not less than
ton da\s' notice, all persons concerned of the tune and
place within said county when and where appeals will be
reccivodsind determined relative to any enoncous or ex-
cessive valuations, asaessnirntsfor enumerations by the
assessor or assistant assessor i eturned in the annual list.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert at the end
of the nineteenth section the following:
The bills for ihe attendance and mileage of said witnesses
shall he taxed by the Uosetsor and paid by the delinquent
parties, oi otherwise by the colleciorofthedistnctjon cer-
tificate of the a>M^sor, at the rates usually allowed 111 said
district lor witnesses In courts ot j.istiec.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary proceeded to read the twentieth
section of the torfl.
Mr. HOWE. Thtre is evidently a mistake in
the nineteenth and twenty-fiist lines of that sec-
