2442
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
lion. "Assistantassessor"shouldbe " assessor"
in both those places. It refers to the lists made
out by the assessor of the district and handed
over to the collector.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator move to amend by striking out the word
"assistant?"
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to look at that a
little. I am hot satisfied about it.
Mr. HOWE. You will find it so.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
suggest that the reading continue until we reach
an amendment by the committee, and then the
whole section will be open for consideration.
The Secretary continued the reading.
The next amendment was in section twenty,
line forty-eight, after the word "monthly" to
strike out the words " or special."
Mr. HOWE. The object of thatportion of the
section is to enable assessors to correct these lists
by adding to them other names that they may find
liable to a duty or a license:
And the same proceedings shall obtain and bo had Willi
respect to such objects or duty or tax as are by this act re-
quired in respect to objects of duty or taxes, a ml persons
liable to tax regularly entered andretuined on any monthly
"or special list.
That is the way it reads in the bill. This
amendment proposes to strike out the words " or
special." There are three of these lists; one is
an annual, one is a monthly,and one is a special
list, in which these different duties and licenses
are enumerated. Some of these corrections will
be of duties or licenses found only on the annual,
some on the special, and some on the monthly
list. I think all three of those terms ought to be
employed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think the Senator is
right about it. That amendment should not be
agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. 1 will move to insert the word
"annual" before."monthly."
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first ques-
tion will be on agreeing to the amendment recom-
mended by the committee to strikeout the words
" or special."
The amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Wisconsin now moves to amend by insert-
ing the word " annual "before the word "month-
ly."
Ihe amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am inclined to think
that the Senator from Wisconsin was light in the
amendment that he suggested to the first part of
this section. I observe that the clause preceding
the one tu which he referred reads thus:
And where there is any property within any collection
district liable to the payment <>i tins said iluty or tax. not
owned or occupied by orundoi tho superintendence or any
person resident therein, there shall he a separate list of
such property, specifying the sum payable, and ti*o names
of the respective proprietors, where known.
Then follows the clause to which the Senator
referred:
And the assistant a««essor making out any such wpaiate
list shall transmit to the nxsiMant ji&H'Sbor where the per-
sons liable to pay «uch tax reside.
That presupposes that they do not reside in the
district, it should read, therefore, "to the as-
sessor of the district where the persons liable,"
&c., inserting " of the district" after " assessor,"
should it not?
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That I understand to be
the proposition of the Senator. I have no objec-
tion to it.
. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The proposi-
tion, if the Chair understands it, is to "strike out
the word "assistant" in the nineteenth line, and
also in the twenty-first line.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir; not to strikeout
the word "assistant" in the nineteenth line.
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir; it is the assessor who
is to make out these lists.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I beg the Senator's par-
don. i hese lists are made out by the assistant
assessors, I believe.
Mr. HOWE. The section reads thus:
Sec. 20. Jind be U further cnacted, That the said assess-
ors ol each collection district.respectively, shall, immedi-
ately after the expiration of the tunc for hearing appeals
cone.r-rnifig t;txes returned in the annual Iht, and from tune
to time as duties taxes, or licenses become liable to be as-
sessed, make out lists containing the sums payable accord-
ing to law upon every object of duty or taxation for each
collection district; which lists shall contain the name of
each person lesidmg vyithin ihe said district, or owning or
having the care or superintendence ofproperty lying within
the said district which is liable to any tax or duty, or en-
gaged in any business or pursuit requiring a license, when
such person or persons are Known, together with the sums
payable by each ; and where there is any property within
any collection district liable to the payment of the said
duty or tax, not owned or occupied by or under the super-
intendence of any person resident therein, there shall be a
separate list of such property, specifying the sum payable,
and the names of the respective proprietors, where known.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair un-
derstands the proposition of the Senator from
Wisconsin to be to strike out the word " assist-
ant" where it first occurs in line nineteen, and also
where it occurs in line twenty-one.
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir; and also to insert the
words " of the district" in the twenty-first line.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first ques-
tion will be on striking out the word " assistant,"
in the places named.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. I now move, after the word
"assessor," in the twenty-first line, to insert the
words " of the district."
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
inquire of the Senator from Wisconsin whether
he wishes to have the same words inserted after
the word "assessor" in the twentieth line.
Mr. HOWE. No, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They are not necessary
there.
The next amendment was to strike out the fol-
lowing proviso at the end of the twentieth section:
Provided further, That it shall be m the power of the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue to exonerate any as-
sessor, as aforesaid, from forfeitures, in whole or in pait,
as to him shall appear just and equitable.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out, after
the WGj*d "court,'.'in line twenty-two of section
twenty-one, the words " and the said court shall
also render judgment against the said assessor or
assistant assessor for double the amountof dam-
ages sustained in favor of the party injured, to be
collected by execution."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
words "and shall not exceed the sum of $400,-
000," after the word " dollars," in line six of
section twenty-two; so as to make the clause read:
Sec. 22. And be it further enacted, That there shall be
allowed and paid to the several assessors, from the date of
their appointment, a h.Uuiy of ($1,500 per annum, payable
quarterly, and in addition theieto, wheie the leceipis of
the collection district shall exceed the sum of $100,000
annual^, one half ol one per cent, upon the excess of
icceipts over §100,000, See.
Mr. HOWE. I should like to have thatamend-
mont passed over for the present. I was very
much opposed in committee to striking out those
words, and 1 am still.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am averse to passing
over an amendment, because it makes confusion.
I should like to have the Senator state his objec-
tions now.
Mr. HOWE. Perhaps it may be just as well
to act upon it now. I think the ofleet of this
amendment, and the one which follows it in the
tenth line of this section, is to raise these salaries
above what we ought to pay. The proposition
of the bill as it came to us was to pay this per-
centage m all the distiicts where the collections
were over $100,000 and did not exceed $400,000,
and to fix $3,000 as the maximum of the salary
in any case. The effect of these two amendments
together is to make the limitation §4,000 instead
of §3,000. I think there are in these few lines
two pieces of injustice perpetrated. I think we
provide a higher salary in some districts than
should be paid anywhere; and I think that m
other districts we make the salary lower than it
should be. My idea is that there is not so much
difference in the amount of labor performed in
the poor districts, so to speak, and that performed
in the wealthy districts as this amendment con-
templates. Each of these districts has about the
same number of people who will be assessed, or
who are to be canvassed with a view to assess-
ment, and there is no more labor inputting down
a heavy sum against an individual than a light
sum. You have to go over about the same num-
ber of names. But ordinarily in those districts
whe*e you get the least money you have to travel
over the largest extent of country in order to find
the people. The travel in some of your frontier
districts is very considerable. It is not all per-
formed by the assessor, nor any considerable part
of it by the assessor, to be sure; but he has to
correspond with a great many assistants living
at a great distance from him. He has an exten-
sive correspondence to carry on, and more exten-
sive than would be required if his district was
more compact. I think, therefore, if you pay a
percentage at all, you ought to commence at the
first dollar, and you ought to stop paying it when
you get the pay up to $3,000.
My idea is that the offices of assessor and col-
lector in the district in which Peoria, in the State
of Illinois, is situated, would be the two best
places probably in that State, and I do not sup-
pose it costs any more to live in that district than
it does in any other district of the country. I do
not suppose the amount of labor is very much
more than it will be in any otherdistrict. There
will be a little more vigilance required, perhaps,
to oversee that business.
My view is, as I said before, that we ought to
commence paying this percentage on the first dol-
lar if it is to be paid at all, and I am not very
urgent that it shall be paid. I am not sure that
you cannot get just as efficient service for $1,500
a year and these expenses, postage, stationery,
clerk hire, and office rent fairly adjusted and
fairly liquidated, as you can by these higher sal-
aries; but I think it very unjust that the assessor
in the districtadjoining the Peoria district, in Illi-
nois, or in the district adjoining the first district
of my State, should be limited to §1,500 and no
percentage, while the assessor in the first district,
in which Milwaukee is, should have §4,000. It
docs not follow that he will live in Milwaukee,
nor docs it follow that his living in Milwaukee is
any more expensive. There is an inequality
about it and an injustice which I should be glad
to £et rid of if possible.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The difficulty is inherent
in the business. It is impossible to make these
things equal. We all know that a large business
is done m some districts and comparatively small
business in others; and any attempt to equalize
the compensation, unless you fix a mere salary
and make it square throughout, will be entirely
futile. Now, then, the question arises whether
there should be a percentage, and upon that I be-
lieve the committees of both Houses have been
entirely agreed, for the simple reason tjiat if you
allow a percentage the result is an effort or an
inducement to an effort on the part of the assess-
ors to pick up all the assessable property that
there is. Suppose you fix*a salary, the assessor
receives that salary whether he assesses more or
le3s, or whether he assesses anything. It thcie-
fore has been believed to be a sound principle
that, while we provide for paying a respectable
salaiy to some extent, in part at least the com-
pensation shall be made up of a percentage on
the collections to induce him strenuously, care-
fully to discover what property there is in his
distuct that is assessable. I think it would be
entirely unsafe to proceed on any other principle.
Again, take the salary we fix of §1,500. No
one supposes that m the city of New York or the
city of Boston, for instance, any man who is fit
for the office could be found who would perform
its duties for that amountof salary. It is a salary
that is paid to the inspectors of revenue, to the
weighers and gaugers; and here is a man who
has control of the assessment which leads to the
collection of millions of dollars, performing most
important duties, and requiring responsible pei-
sons of character and of ability. It is vain to ex-
pect that you can find such a man in many places
in this country, and in those places especially
where the largest amount of revenue is collected,
for any such sum as is fixed as a salary. You
must therefore make up a proper compensation
to him in some other way, and the only way in
which you can make it up is by giving him a
percentage on the collections up to a given point.
You must fix your point somewhere and stop,
because in the districts to which I have alluded,
in the city of New York, or a great manufactur-
ing district, if you give him a percentage on the
whole amount collected his pay might be very
much more than he ought to receive, and there-
fore you must fix a maximum, which we have
