1466
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7,
the Almighty; and that the said Chaplain be fuuh^r le-
questeri as aforesaid not. under the form of piayer. to lec-
ture the Senate in relation to questions beftue the body.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there any
objection to the reception of the resolution?
'Mr. HOWARD. I object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection be-
ing made, the resolution cannot now be received.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Then I give notice that
I shall oiler it to-morrow morning. A minister
of the gospel should not make use of hio office
to 
["Order'"]
Mr. HOWARD. I object to the resolution; it
is unworthy of the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The whole
matter is out of order at the present time. The
resolution is not received.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The doors were closed; and after some time
spent ia executive session, the doors were re-
opened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, April 7, 1864.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. W. H. Chaining.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
MESSENGER TO THE PRESIDENT.
Mr. WHALEY asked unanimous consent to
introduce the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means be
requested to inquire into the projnieiy of inciea-dng the
pay of tlie PiesidentV me^seiiirer to $1.^00 per annum, and
that they lepoit by biU oi othei win*.
Mr. HOLMAN. I feel compelled to object.
POST OFFICE BUSINESS.
Mr. ALLEY. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to assign Fiiday of next week, after
the morning hour, to the consideration of Post
Office business from the Post Office Committee.
No objection being made, the request was
gran ted.
Mr. ALLEY moved to lcconsider the vote by
which Friday of next week was set apart forthe
consignation of Post Office business, and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
RAILROAD IN MICHIGAN.
Mr. ENGLISH, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill extending the time for the completion
of the Bay de Noquet and Marquette railroad,
and the Marquette and Ontonagon railroad of the
State of Michigan; winch was read a first and
second lime, and refenod to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. ENGLISH moved to reconsider the vote
last taken, and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
COMMISSIONED OFFICERS DISMISSED.
Mr. GARFIELD asked unanimous consent to
introduce the following resolution:
Rcsoh el, That the Secretary of Wai be requested to m-
fumi tins flim-ie how mauv commi--nmed have
bCM'ii di-linked from ibe miluaiv .seivi<"<: ot the (.'tilled
Slated In authority of the Ftouienr, without a trial Lv
court-martial, nnee the hejiinimiu of the pie^'nt wai. and
how many mu li dimin^alj. have been levuked.
Mr. SC[lENCK. I hope my colleague will
modify his resolution so as to include the names.
Mr. tSrARFIELD. I will modify the amend-
ment so that it will read, "the number, names,
and rank," &e. I demand the previous question.
Mr. SPALDING. 1 move to amend by in-
setting the words "if not incompatible with the
public interest."
Mr, GARFIELD, I will state that I was in-
structed by the Committee on Military Affans to
introduce this resolution. A bill recently passed
this House, not yet become a law, taking away
fi om the Pi evident of the United States the power
of sitnitnoiy dismissal without trial by acouit-
martial, and as a communication has been sent to
one branch of Congiess from the Executive De-
partment j n legard to the bill, it seemed onlyjust
to the Military Committee that the facts in leia-
tion to this bill should be befoio the House. It
is for that reason that the committee desnes the
passage of this resolution.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon the
amend'ment of the gentleman fiom Ohio.
Mr. HOLMAN^ The gentleman from Ohio
made the motion, but the Chair did not entertain
it until after the previous question wasdemanded.
The SPEAKER-. The matter got somewhat
tangled up, and the Chair was trying to straighten
it out. The Chair thinks the amendment is in
order.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question was ordered, being first upon Mr.
Spalding's amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD. I hope that will not be
agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope not.
Mr. Spalding's amendment was rejected.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CORRECTION OF THE JOURNAL.
Mr. HARRINGTON. 1 rise to a question of
privilege. On Monday last, a resolution in rela-
tion to Mexican affairs was reported by the gen-
tleman from Maryland [Mr. Davis] from the
Committee on Foreign Affairs. I voted in the
affirmative upon that resolution, but my name is
omitted from the Journal. If it be in order, I de-
sire that my name may be recorded.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's name will
be recorded, as the House gave consent yesterday
to any gentleman who was absent,even, to record
his vote on that question.
RAILROAD TO NEW YORK.
Mr. PiEAMAN called for the regular order of
business.
The House resumed, as the regular order of bus-
iness, the consideration of a bill (H. R. No. 307)
to declare ceitam roads military roads and post
roads, and to icgulate commerce, upon which the
gentleman fi om Vei niout [Mr. Woodbiiidge] was
entitled to the floor.
Mr. WOODBR1DGE. Mr. Speaker, I hope I
shall not detain the House a great while in sub-
mitting the observations which I deem it proper to
make on the matter under consideration. There
are but two inquiries involved. The fiist is, has
Congtess the constitutional power to decline the
Delaware and Raiitan railroad a lawful structure
and public highway of the United States ? And the
second is, is it expedient to do so? I agiee with
the gentleman fiom Maine [Mr. Sweat] that in
considering this subject we should divest our-
selves of all political and paity piejudiees. I do
not know nor care what effect the passage or de-
feat of the bill may have upon the political con-
dition of New Jeise y. As an individual I deem
its piesent condition as bad as it can be, and
judging fiom the luxolutions which have passeSf5
hei political conventions, I fear that her day of
grace is sinned away and her repentance scarcely
to be hoped for. j
I had not supposed, when this hill came before s
the House for consideration, that the question of I
the po wei ofCongress would be seriously doubted.
The decisions respecting similar questions have
been collected m the able report of yourcommit-
j tee, . nd they have been accurately stated.
! The power of Congress, sir, rests under the
! pi nvisions of the Constitution, enabling it to reg-
; ulate commence among the States, to establish
post routes, and to piovide for the military estab-
lishment of the Government. Under one or all
of those enumerated powers I have come to the
conclusion, after candid consideration, unbiased
and unprejudiced, that it is not only within the
power of Congress, but that it is the duty of Con-
gress to so legislate that this protected, legalized
monopoly called the Camden and Amboy Rail-
road Company, which, in my judgment, impairs
the commercial intercourse between the States,
imposes undue burdens upon the people, and
cripples the Government in the performance of
its duties, shall he destroyed.
But, t>ir, 1 shall devote a few moments to the
consideiation of the constitutional question, and
simply because both of the gentlemen from New
Jeisey, [Messis. Rogers and Perry,] the gen-
j tleman fiom Pennsylvania, [Mr. Biioomall,] and
the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Sweat,] who
i have opposed this measure, have based their op-
position upon a denial of the right of Congress to
pass this bill.
in addition, we have had a very singular docu-
ment presented here from New Jersey, called a
proclamation of herGo'vernor,claiming that Con-
gress has no power to pass this bill upon two
grounds: first, that it will be injurious to the finan-
cial interests of New Jersey; and second, that
Congress has not the power to interfere, because
it would infringe upon the sovereignty of the State
of New Jersey. In other words, the doctrine of
thatdeclaration issimply this: Now Jersey has by
her own enactments established the Camden and
Amboy railroad a perfect and protected monop-
oly; and now, no matter what the circumstances
may be, inasmuch as New Jersey is a sovereign
State, and under that sovereignty had a right to
establish this monopoly, Congress has no power
to declare that another already existing lino shall
be a lawful structure, because by so doing it im-
pairs the interest of New Jersey and tramples on
her sovereign rights.
By the law of New Jersey the Camden and
Amboy Railroad Company imposes, in effect, a
tax of ten cents upon every person who passes
over the road, and of fifteen cents per ton on
freight. If the Legislature of New Jeisey has the
light to impose these burdens, it is clear that it
has the right to increase them. It is not the
amount of the tax, it is the principle involved. And
if the ten and fifteen cent tax is legal, then the
Legislature of New Jersey has a right to impose
five dollars per passenger and five dollars per ton
of merchandise, whereby the-entire commercial
intercourse between New Yoik and Pennsylva-
nia would be absolutely destroyed.
And yet we arc told, in view of these facts, by
the Governor of New Jersey and by gentlemen on
this floor, that Congress, to which the Constitu-
tion gives the power to regulate commerce among
the States, has no power to declare another ex-
isting line a lawful structure, whereby the com-
mei ce between these two States may be carried on.
Sir, I will for a moment look at this question
in the light of decisions. The gentleman from
New Jersey [Mr. Rogers] says that this is not
a case similar to the Wheeling bridge case; that
theie was a mere abatement of a nuisance, and
that here is an existing line, and cannot bo estab-
lished as a lawful structure without infringing ou
the solemn rights of the State of New Jersey.
Now, what was the Wheeling bridge case ? The
State of Vitgiuiu had authorized the Wheeling
and Belmont Bridge Company tCr build a budge
at "Wheeling across the Ohio. The corporation
had full power to build this bridge unless it wore
an infi ingemont on freecommerci,tI intercourse be-
tween the States. The biidge was built. The State
of Pennsylvania brought her complaint against
th is company, and it was sustained by thosu pre me
eomt of Pennsylvania, and the bridge declared a
nuisance. The case came before the Supiemc
Coui t of the United States, and the Supreme Court
of the United States sustained the decision of the
court in Pennsylvania. Pennsylvania Cione into
couit and said, what? "This bridge interferes
with the navigation of the Ohio river. Inasmuch
as it interferes with that navigation it works in-
jury to the public interests of the State of Penn-
sylvania in her railroads, her public woiks,and
canals which had been construct! d between Phila-
delphia and Pittsbuig." The Supieme Court of
the United States, after a thorough examination,
decided that the bridge did mterlei o with the nav-
igation of the Ohio> winch had been protected by
Congiess. And hence it alfiimed the decision of
the supreme court of Pennsylvania. In the mean
time the bridge company came to Congress, anil
after a heai ing Congress declared that this budge
across the Ohio at Wh"ehng was a lawfid struc-
ture. The budge company did not obey the de-
cree of the Supreme Court. The State of Penn-
sylvania then complained through its attorney
gcncial, the present Secietaiy oi* War, praying
lor a wilt of assistance to enable the decree to be
executed. Thejud^e who deliveied thcopmion
in effect say.s that Congress having the exclusive
power to leguiate commeico among the several
States, it is not for the court to decide whether
in this instance it is properly executed or not.
Congress by its act is cleaiiy within its constitu-
tional power; and inasmuch as Congress hasde-
ciared the bridge to be a lawful structure, tlic
motion for assistance is declined.
