1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
done in this.case, and we have increased the |
present maximum somewhat. That principle is
found to be necessary, also, in order to prevent
too great an inequality and the receipt of more
money than a man is entitled to for the labor he
performs.
But with regard to this particular case I think
my friend cannot have scanned the section care-
fully, because, as it read originally, an assessor
in a district where the collections were over four
hundred thousand dollars would not be entitled
to anything but his salary. Mark the peculiar
phraseology:
And in addition thereto, where the receipts of the col-
lection district shall exceed the sum of §100,000, and shall
not exceed the sum of $400,000 annually, one half of one
per cent, upon the excess of receipts over $100,000.
Suppose they went up to $500,000, he would
get nothing but hii%$l,500. Therefore you must
strike that out of course. That was an error un-
questionably in the drafting of the bill. And then
comes up the other principle, shall you stop when
you get up to a given amount, and say he shall
receive no more? Will you hold out to him an
inducement to go on carefully, keenly, stringent-
ly, to find out what there is.to be assessed in the
district? We believed, and it was much dis-
cussed, that it was best, while you gave on the
first $100,000, and necessarily gave on the first
8100,000, a somewhat higher rate of percentage
in order to bring up the salary to a proper sum,
you should then give a small percentage on every-
thing above that until he got up to the maximum
fixed. 1 believe that is the best system that can
be devised.
Mr. GRIMES. Why raise the maximum from
$3,000 to $4,000?
Mr. FESSENDEN. There are very few dis-
tricts in which the assessor will get over $3,000,
and in some of the districts, in large cities, he
ought to have more than $3,000. In some places
where the assessments are largest and much rev-
enue is collected you cannot get such a man as
you ought to get for $3,000, as the rate of living
is now in view of the depreciatiori'of the curren-
cy. That was the .belief of the committee; but
Senators of course will judge for themselves about
it. The committee considered the question care-
fully, and examined a great deal of testimony that
was before them. They considered the increased
rates of living, they considered the responsibili-
ties that were imposed upon these men in places
where a very large amount of revenue was col-
lected, and they belie ved that comparative! y a very
small number of them would get a pay exceed-
ing $3,000 under this provision;and they believed
that the object which we seek to accomplish, that
is, the collection of revenue, the putting of money
into the Treasury, would be advanced very much
by giving a more liberal salary in certain cases,
and making it the interestof the men charged with
this important duty to discharge it carefully and
vigorously.
Such was the conclusion to which the commit-
tee came. If the Senate choose to cut down the
amount, so be it. Senators know that I am as
anxious as anybody to keep the expenditures
within as narrow limits as possible, and to pay
as small salaries as we can possibly get along
with and as is consistent with the public service. If
Senators think we have made a mistake in chang-
ing this maximum they will so vote. We have
changed it also in the case of the collectors, rais-
ing it there to $5,000. At first we placed them on
exactly the same footing; but we afterwards con-
cluded to raise the maximum of a collector to
$5,000, for the simple reason that in many cases
where it would reach thatsum the collectors must
necessarily pay out a good deal. They employ
their own assistants and pay them, and they are
not allowed the same privileges that assessors are
in other particulars; and while we limit the whole
amount that they are entitled to appropriate,for
the pay of their assistants, we Hmitalso the amount
that they are allowed to retain for their own com-
pensation. I believe therearefew cases where it
will come up to the maximum which we have
fixed. Besides, they are obliged to give very heavy
bonds, and their responsibilities are very great.
The money responsibilities of assessors are noth-
ing; they receive no money, they are responsible
for none; they do nothing but make the assess-
f ments; and their allowances are larger in propor-
tion than those of collectors. On very careful
consideration, and with a view to have the matter
discussed in the committee of conference which
will undoubtedly be raised between the two
Houses if the amendments which the Finance
Committee have proposed be adopted, and to have
the matter thoroughly reexamined there upon the
evidence, we thought it best to fix the compensa-
tion at these sums. If the Senate disagree with
us, very well; it is a matter which, of course, is
of no more interest to me than to anybody else.
Mr. HOWE. Of course I have no especial in-
terest in this matter; but the Senator from Maine
has discussed this rate of compensation from two
points of view. He defends this percentage, first,
upon the assumption that it is necessary to secure
honest service on the part of the assessor, and
secondl y, on the ground that it is necessary to se-
cure efficient service. Now, if the payment of a
percentage is supposed to benccessary in order to
secure honest service.it is certainly as necessary
after you get up to $4,000 as before you get there.
If you want to secure and think to secure an hon-
est administration of the office by holding out to
the assessor the paymentof this commission, tell
him to be diligent, because in proportion to his
diligence will be the amountof his compensation,
then you should continue that inducement to him
until he has exhausted his efforts, and you should
pay him the same compensation on every dollar
that he raises. If that be the purpose for which
this commission is given, there should be no lim-
itation upon it; you should begin it when he be-
gins to assess, and you should only stop it when
he stops assessing; pay it on the first dollar that
he imposes upon any property in his district, pay
it also upon the last dollar that he assesses on
property in that district.
I think, however, it is not necessary to secure
honest service. If you think you are going to
employ in the collection of this revenue a class
of men whose consciences are to be rectified and
guided by a commission of one half per cent, on the
amount of money they can get, I believe you had
better employ another class of men orgiveupthe
idea of pretending to collect revenue in this way.
You must bid higher if your men are going to be
made honest by the amount of your compensa-
tion; you must bid higher, or else you will be
outbid. The men who have the taxes to pay
will pay more than one half per cent, for a dis
honestadministration of theoffice. I think, there-
fore, it is inexpedient to attempt to secure an hon
est administration of this office by holding out
any such inducements as these.
Now, is it a just measure of compensation any-
where for this class of duties ? There are a few
officers employed within the State of New York
and within the State of Massachusetts, that is
in the city of New York and in the city of Bos-
ton, and in some other cities, who receive as
high or a higher salary than $4,000 per annum
There are but few of the Governors in the north
cm States, I think, who receive so high a salary
as $4,000. With the exception of the collector
of the customs, I think there is no man employed
in the collection of that branch of our revenue m
the city of New York who receives anything
like $4,000. That is my recollection aboutit; but
I do not speak with any confidence, because
have not looked at the book.
1 believe we are mistaken in supposmg-that the
largest revenues are secured from districts in the
largest cities. That matter was not considered,
I believe, in committee; we had no statistics in
regard to it. I have looked at some of the re-
turns as they have been published, although they
are partial and incomplete; and according to my
recollection we get the largest revenues in scveial
cases from country districts where the reason for
these high salaries on the score of the cost of liv-
in0- does not obtain. It is said that we cannot m
the city of New York and the city of Boston and
in other cities secure the class of service we want
in these offices for a salary so low as $1,500. I
have been advised by persons residing in those
cities that that is a mistake, that we can getthem,
and that the very class of men who are employed
ordinarily in this kind of duty in these offices are
a class of men who before the)? received these ap-
pointments were actually earning less money.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We want to get a better
class. , „
Mr. HOWE. I do not know that any one of
these offices has ever been tendered to any mart
who has refused it because the salary was not suf-
fieient; and if you raise the salary I do not know
that these offices will be tendered to any different
class of men or any different styleofmen. Iha.ye
no reason to believe that; and I do not believe St.
I hope, therefore,as I said in the outset, that this
amendment will not be agreed to unless thl Sen-
ate think it is sensible. If they think so, I shall
not be particularly sorry, but if they disagree to
the amendment, ! shall want a new amendment
offered which will prevent these high salaries.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line ten of section
twenty-two, to strikS out "three" and insert
" four;" so as to make the clause read:
But the salary of no assessor shall in any case exceed the
sum of $4,000.
Mr. GRIMES. On that question I want a di-
vision of the Senate by the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I really hope the Senate
will adopt the amendment. There is very great
doubt whether $3,000 is enough in some cases;
and if we adopt the amendmen t we can hereafter,
when we come to the discussion of the matters
wherein we differ from the House of Represent-
atives, settle it back to $3,000 if it is then thought
that $4,000 is too much; but if we fix it-at $3,uOQ
now there will be nothing to discuss and the mat-
ter will be settled. -The Committee on Finance
became convinced of the propriety of this change.
I think that after discussion there was no objec-
tion in the committee by anybody to fixing the
maximum at the rate named in this amendment.
Mr. GRIMES. There is a little responsibility
devolving upon the members of the Senate as^well
as upon the committee of conference that will be
constituted by the House of Representatives and
the Senate hereafter, and I choose to let my con-
stituents know how I vote on a question of this
sort. I do not agree with the chairman of the
Committee on Finance that $3,000 is less than
ought to be paid to any one of these officers. I
know very well that it is more than is received
by men performing corresponding duty in civil
life in New York. There are men who receive
much larger sums of money, giv n in a great de-
gree as gratuities, in some instances because of
the extraordinary character that they possess,
being placed at the head of some sort of corpo-
ration; but we have an illustration of the point
that I make, here in this city. It is only a few
months ago since the principal man in the sub-
Treasurer s office in the city of New York, a gen-
tleman whom I have heard spoken of, and I think
I have heard the chairman of the Committee on
Finance speak of him, as one of the most ac-
complished officers in that establishment m New
York, was brought here and made Assistant Sec-
retary of the Treasury at a salary of $3,000. It
is said that we do not want men to perform the
duties of assessor similar to those who are per-
forming the duties of cashiers. I apprehend that
most of the men who are capable of performing
the duties of a teller or cashier in a bank can be
made in a very short time capable of performing
the duties of an assessor.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will say to theSenator
from Iowa that I am informed by the Senator from-
New York [Mr. Morgan] that the average pay
of cashiers of banks in the city of New York is
$6,000 a year.
Mr GRIMES. I should like to have theSen-
ator from New York state how much banktel ers
arc paid. Thisman is notresponsiblefor any public
money. He merely performs clerical duties. He
goes through the city and makes assessments.
Why sho-uld we pay him such an exoroitantsum ?
Because of any responsibility that he assumes to
the Government ? Notatall. 1 do not think tnat
his responsibilities to the Government are any
o-reater than the tellers in a bank or the book-
keeper in any private establishment in Now York
to their employers. 1 am unwilling that this
question shall go to a committee of conference to
be decided until there shall first be an opportunity
for every member *of the Senate to set himself
right on the record.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have not the slightest
objection to the yeas and nays, and if the_Sena-
tor wants to set himself right 1 have no objection
to that. I didnotspeak on thataccount. 1 simply
said that I hoped the Senate, on the yea® an"
nays, would not adopt the views of the honor-
