18(31,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1467
V
Now, sir the gentleman from New Jersey says
that that is no parallel to the case under consid-
eration m point of principle. Let us see. The
•State of New Jersey says that the Camden nnd
Amboy Railroad Company shall do all the carry-
ing trade between Philadelphia and New York.
An other line is in existence running between those
two points which might do a portion of the com-
mercial business. The Raritan and Delaware Bay
Company comes here and asks Congress that its
road may be declared a lawful structure whereby
it will have the legal power and light to do this
business. Congress having the power to regulate
commerce between the States, has the power to
say that this road is a legal structure, as it did in
the cose ofthe Wheeling budge. That structure
was opposed by the State of Pennsylvania on the
ground simply and solely that by reason of its
interference with the navigation of the Ohio it
did absolutely and positively interfere with and
'prejudice the public works of the State of Penn-
sylvania.
The State of New Jersey comes here and says,
" We have given this monopoly to the Camden
and Amboy Railroad Company, and they pay
us for the privilege which they have; therefore if
Congress grunts to this other load the power ofdo-
ing this through commercial business, then it im-
pairs or inflicts an injury upon the State of New
Jersey, and tramples upon her sovereign rights."
Are not the decisions exactly consonant and sim-
ilar in principle? Can any lawyer upon his rep-
utation as a lawyer say that the point involved in
the Wheeling bridge case is not precisely and
identically the point involved in this case? Can
it be said that it is not within the power of Con-
gress to regulate commerce between the Suites
here as much as in the Wheeling bridge case it
was within its power to regulate commerce by the
establishment of that bridge ? It is equally within
its power to pass this bill.
The gentleman from Maine [Mr. Sweat] takes
another view of this case. He says, in the first
place, there is no necessity for passing this bill,
that there is no necessity for it because the Gov-
ernment has the power under existing laws to
take possession of this road as a militcu y necessity;
and secondly, that it has the power of taking
possession of this road as a post route. I agree
with the gentleman from Maine that the Govern-
ment has this power; but can the Government in
good faith, m honesty and integrity of purpose,
after the decision ofthe chancellor of the State of
New Jersey, exercise that power? What would
be the result? All the money paid to this road
as compensation for doing the business, the chan-
cellor of New Jersey decides, should be paid over
to the Camden and Amboy railtoad, the monop-
oly which we arc told New Jersey is bound, to
protect. That is a power with a vengeance. It
is a power which will enable the Government to
take possession of my horse for its purpose nnd
pay the money to my fiiend from Maine. The
same is the case if the road he taken as a post
route. P y the law of New Jersey no through
business, of whatever character, can be done by
the Raritan road. The postal money, by the de-
cision of the chancellor of New Jersey, must be
put into the hands of this Camden and Amboy
Railroad Company.
But the gentleman from New Jersey [Mr.
Rooms] lather declines to discuss the mam ques-
tion. I have no doubt he is a £ood lawyer; ho
has that reputation. He says that the only true
ground upon which we can place this is the right
to regulate commeice among the State8*, lie
says, if i understood him, and i listened to him
with great attention, that the regulation of com-
merce docs not apply to the regulation of rail- |
roads. Under the gentleman's definition, what ;
is commerce ? It is merely trade, purchase, bnr- |
ter, exchange of commodities. Is that the sig- i
nification of the woid commerce? It is true that
commerce does mean traffic, but it also means
something more. It means intercourse.
Now, sir, the gentleman will recollect that this
point is discussed in 9 Wheaton. I will refer to
itforamoment. It is the O^den case. The Legis-
lative of the State of NavYoik had given to Ful-
ton and Livingston exclusive righ t to navigate the J
waters of New Yoik by steam. Their right was I
finally assigned to Otjden, the complainant. i
What was the decision of the court? They |
say that the exclusive grant interfered with the
commerce between the States, and that upon that
ground it was unconstitutional. They must have
put their decision upon the ground that a grant
of an exclusive privilege, being a monopoly, is an
interference with the free commcreial intercourse
between the States.
Mr. Justice Johnson, in discussing this case,
declares that " the grant to Livingston and Ful-
ton interferes with the freedom of intercourse
among the States."
He also says ,s that commerce in its simplest
significance means an exchange of goods; but in
the advancement of society, labor, transporta-
tion, intelligence, care, and various mediums of
exchange, become commodities, and enter into
commerce."
Now, it does seem to me upon every principle
of law, founded upon reason, independent of this
decision, Congress has the legal right to pass this
bill.
But, sir, when we come to the decisions of sim-
ilar cases giving construction to the clause in the
Constitution in relation to the regulation of Con-
gress, we find that the courts have gone the whole
length claimed by the friendsof this measure, and
it seems to me as a matter of law to be a settled
question that Congress has a legal right to pass
this bill.
Now, sir, there is anotherquestion here which
has given me more difficulty—for I confess I have
investigated this matter without prejudice—and
that is as to the expediency of Congress applying
this power to the case under consideration. If
the Camden nnd Amboy railroad, in other words,
if the present means of transportation between
New York and Philadelphia are not sufficient to
do the business of the Government, if by reason
of any act of the State of New Jersey there is a
restriction upon free commercial intercourse be-
tween the cities of New York and Philadelphia,
then it is the duty of Congress to interfere.
Sir, what is a monopoly? Sir, it implies re-
striction. You cannotthink of amonopoly with-
out thinking of it as a restraining influence and
restiainmg power, and an interference with other
interests. That is a monopoly. It is an exclu-
sive privilege, and an exclusive puvilege rests
upon the fact that no other person can enjoy the
privilege which is secured to the monopoly. Now,
sir, 1 contend thatper.se, that in and of itself, the
mere existence of the monopoly of this Camden
and Amboy railroad is an impediment to fiee
commercial intercourse. Here is another road
which desires to do the through business or a por-
tion of it, but it cannot do it, and why ? Because
the law of Now Jersey prevents. Is it, then, not
a restuction? Is there not here an attempt to do
that business which cannot be done by reason of,
and by virtue of, this monopoly winch exists?
This monopoly existing, and other parties desir-
ing to do the business which interferes with that
monopoly, I would like to know how any other
constiucuon can be e;uen to the matter than that
it is m and of itself a resti iction to the free com-
mcrciil lntctcourse between the States.
But there is something moie. I do not know
whether what 1 hear is true, but I understand that
gentlemen can get from New York to Philadel-
phia, by paying a local fare within the State of
New Jersey and then another local fare to Phil-
adelphia, for $2 20, while the through fare from
New York to Philadelphia is three dollars. Is
not this a restuction upon free intercourse? If
the through fare is three dollars, and the local
fares added together are only £>2 20, then there are
eighty cents which are taken ft um every passenger
by iea;son of the power of tins New Jersey mo-
nopoly to tax evci ybody who passes through the
entire borders ofthe State.
Sir, how is it so far as the Government is con-
cerned? I learn from the repoitof the committee
that the Quartermaster General has written to a
committreof this House saying that the facilities
between the capital of the nation and its commer-
cial emporium for transpoitation are inadequate.
It also appeals thatGo\ernmenthad largely used
the Raritan road for transportation previous to the
decision of the chancellor, and would have used
it still further but for that decision, and that it
has been obliged to lesort to transportation by
water to accomplish its business.
Mr. BROOMALL. I desire to inquire of the
gentleman whether the act of 1862 does not con-
fer upon the Governmental! the power to use this
road that the act in question contemplates?
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. Yes,sir. Thatactdoes
confcr upor. the Government the power to use this
road. But what does the State of New Jersey do ?
It says to this road, " Do this business if you
dare, and carry the supplies for the Government
if you will; transport munitions of war, and the
soldiers of the Government, and take the Gov-
ernment money if you please, but we, by our
chancellor, will see to it that you put that money
into the hands of the Camden and Amboy Rail-
road Company, to enrich that monopoly.5' Con-
gress has the power, and now I want Congress
to exercise the right whereby New Jersey audits
contemptible legislation shall not say that no por-
tion of the business of Government shall be done
over the Raritan route.
Mr. BROOMALL. Will the gentleman allow
me to say a word ?
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I cannot yield further.
Mr. BROOMALL. I only want to say that
that is not true.
Mc. WOODBRIDGE. I have a right to my
construction of the law, and the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Broomall] has a right to his
construction. The House must judge between
us.
Now, sir,if the Government, by its own show-
ing, admits that it has not facilities for doing the
business which is imposed upon it by reason of
this war, can it be said, the power of Congress be-
ing conceded, that it is not expedient to declare
another existing route a lawful structure whereby
the facilities may be measurably increased; a line,
sir, which is ready and willing to do the business
of the Government, and is only prevented there-
from by this unjustifiable legislation of the State
of New Jersey? Sir, if the business of the Gov-
ernment alone cannot be done over one line of
road, how much more shall it be said that the fa-
cilities now existing arc not sufficient when we
add the great commercial business of the coun-
try. Why, sir, there is New York upon the
north, the great commercial and financial empo-
rium of this nation. By her hundred railroad
arteries she stimulates and develops the manu-
factures of New England. There is Philadelphia
on the south, which, by the Pennsylvania Cen-
tral railroad, penetrates and opens up the great
Northwest. And theieis Baltimoie a little further
south, which, by the Baltimore and Ohio railroad,
penetrate^ and opens up the great Southwest.
The markets ofNew York and the manufactures
of New England must furnish the exchange for
these vast productions ofthe West; and theState
ofNew Jersey is so peculiarly situated, as is set
forth in one of the reports of the Camden and
Amboy Railroad Company, from which extracts
were read by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Gar-
field,] that she must furnish across her whole
domain the means of transportation for those vast
products. And, sir, when this war is entled, when
the southern States shall have returned, as I trust
in God they will, to their allegiance and integrity,
then the whole Atlantic seaboaid from Maine to
the Gulf must seek this avenue for its entire means
of intercommu mcation.
Why, sir, who that appreciates the present,
who that sees the vast expense and the vast busi-
ness relations of this country, who that &ees the
already existing commcrce between the two great
cities of thisnation, Pinkulolphiaand New York,
and who that considers the necessary and certain
development ofthe future, shall say that one pal-
try railroad through the State of New Jersey is
sufficient to do the commercial business between
these two great cities which branch o(F into the
remotest limits of the nation? Sir, the idea is
simply absurd.
It docs seem to me, upon the proof, that the
expediency of this bill cannot be questioned.
Upon the proof of the wants of the Government,
upon the present and prospective condition of the
country, I t]>ink every gentleman will say, if he
looks at the case through an honest heart and a
clear head, that there is a necessity for increasing
the facilities of transportation.
Sir, I do not like to descend to the argument um
ad huniinem. Such arguments are generally ad-
dressed to the passions rather than the ieason,and
I will only say that in my judgment this Camden
