'422
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
out those frauds as any member of the Senate or
any person in the whole country can be. They
are powerless to remove the evil. Having had
their attention directed to it, they are prepared to
inform this committee that you have instructed to
investigate the subjcct, and to direct the attention
of witnesses when they shall appear before them,
to particular points of inquiry and to things within
their knowledge which have not hitherto been
elicited in their testimony, and which may be of
vast importance to the country.
You know, Mr, President, that a witness can
appear on the stand and make a statement that is
abstractly true, and yet, without any interroga-
tories being addressed to him, that truth may give
altogether a false and erroneous impression to the
bystander. The facts by which it is surrounded,
the time when it was uttered, the manner in which
it was spoken, may convey an entiiely difTeient
impression from the abstiact statement itself. Let
me illustrate. The chairman of the Committee on
Naval Affairs the other day, when the resolution
to which this is a proposed amendment was in-
troduced, prefaced it with some remarks in which
he called the attention of the Senate and of the
country to the naval estimates. He.said:
" ft will be seen by the estimates of expenses Hint we
are called upon to appropnate thh year $14:3,000,000 for
naval purposes. This  >uin is large or small by comparison.
J have been at some pain? to look at the naval expendi-
tures of the civilized woild,as they have been furnished me
by one of our assistant librarians. I find that ilio naval
expenditutes of Gicat Biitain duung the year 186*2 \Vete
$59,402,940; of Francc for 1863, as voted by the Corps Le-
gislatif, $30,000,000; ot Spain for 186*2-63, .^I9,42J ,017; of
Russia for 1&62, ^15,442,373; of Au^ua, per budget of 1863,
$5,314,000; of the Netherlands for 1£G2, $3,633,436; of
Sweden for 1863, $3,503,406; of Prussia tor 1862, #1,489/260;
of Portugal tor 1862-63, $111,6(30. These sums are given
in dollar, and they comprise the naval expenditures of all
tlin civih/.ed nations of the woikl with the exception of
Italy and Denmaik. Italy and Demnatk publish no naval
expenses separate fiom the geneial wai expenses; but the
expenses oi the civilized world tor a jear, taking some-
times 1862, and f-onu-times 1^02 and 1863, and sometimes
1863, as they aie given, amount in gins'- to .>-138,318;092>
so that we ate called upon to "pund this yuar some lout
million dollars more than all the re^tofthe world with the
exception oi Italy and Denmark."
Mr. President, I have not had an opportunity
to verify the accuracy of these statements, but I
have no doubt they are substantially true. I ad-
mit that the statement of itself is true, and that
the Senator from New Hampshire, the chairman
of the Committee on Naval Affairs, unquestion-
ably did not intend to cieate a wrong impression.
His love for his country, his regard for the naval
service, and I doubt not his respect for the gen-
tlemen who have charge of naval affairs in this
country, is such that he could not have permitted
himself to create such an impression, even if lie
had been so inclined. Nevotheless, the facts as
stated do create a very erroneous impression. Had
I been on a committee, or been permitted to ap-
pear before a committee representing the Naval
Depai tment, and had thai Senator appeared befoie
that committee and made the statements which he
made here, I would have asked him, " Do you
not know, or ou^ht you nut to have known, and
might you not have known, as chairman of the
Committee on Naval Affairs, that the estimates
for the Navy Department and the estimates for
all the other Departments arc predicated upon a
paper basis, and must necessarily be thus predica-
ted; and that therefore the amount of$142,000,000
should be reduced by thirty-three per cent., or to
$95,000,000?" He would have been compelled
to answer unhesitatingly in the affirmative.
Then I would have asked him further, " Is it
not a fact that these estimates were made up,
under a law of Congress, to the 1st of October last,
when our relations with foreign Powers were not
supposed to be as amicable ns they aie now
thought to be, and do they not include estimates
for steamers to the amount of §22,300,000, which
were estimated for at the special instance of the
people who are peculiarly interested in commerce,
and lesiding in the section of the country in which
the Senator himself resides?" He would have
been compelled to answer that question in the af-
firmative, and thus the amount would be reduced
to $73,000,000 in place of §142,000,000.
Then I would have asked him if, during the
debates of the last Congress, he did not several
times assert in his place in the Senate that wc
were paying our naval officers and our seamen
much greater compensation than was paid in any
naval service in the world; and he would have
answered again in the affirmative. Then would
have followed the inquiry, " Is not the pay of
all officers now in the naval service of the United
States fixed by a law of Congress?" and I should
again have received an affirmative answer.
I would have asked him still further, 'iDoyou
not, in making your charges against the Depart-
ment, accuse them"—for it virtually amounts to
an accusation—"ofmakingexorbitant or improper
estimates when they make estimates for salaries
amounting to §18,000,000 of the $72,000,000 based
wholly upon the laws of Congress which fix the
compensation for the officers and men?" He
would have been constrained to answer in the
affirmative. "Why, sir, if you had that witness
before you under such circumstances, you would
further have developed the fact that, in the navy-
yards in Francc and England, and all over Eu-
rope, from which the Senator's figures are drawn,
the skilled artisans to whom wc pay from two
and a half to three and a half dollars per day can
be secured at from seventy-five cents to ninety
cents and one dollar.
The Senator then goes on and says:
'• Tt may be said, and said with truth, that these are ex-
penditures in time of peace. I have been at some pains to
look over the expenditures of England and France in the
gigantic struggle of the Crimean war. That war was de-
ciaied on the 2"<th of March, 1854, and the Crimea was
evacuated by the allies July 12, 1837, lasting a little more
than three years and five months. The total naval expend-
itures of Gieat Britain during the war were $2(52,032,210,
and of France $37,8**7,578, making a total of $340,909,788
for the whole navAl expenses of France and England during
the Cinnean war, which was less than $100.000,000a year,
so that wc are called upon this year to apprbpiuitc lor our
Navy $40,000,000 more than was spent by the combined
nations of Fiance and England in any one year during the
Crimean war."
Now, Mr. President, if a witness had made that
statement upon the stand and there had been any
one present authorized to intenogate him in re-
gard to the facts, it could be made to appear that
the expenses of England during the Crimean war
ranged fiom ninety-five to one hundred million
dollars per annum in specie. It would also have
been discovered that England had a navy already
built, and that she was not compelled, us the Gov-
ernment of the United States has been compelled
during this war, to build their navy as well as to
maintain it and enlarge its navy-yards. It would
have been proven by the witness, if he weie in-
formed in icgard to it, that about the only ves-
sels built by the British Government during the
time of the Crimean war were those celebrated
gunboats with which we were threatened by a
writer in the London Times during the Trentaf-
fair, and which so frightened some of my friends
in the Northwest that they immediately conceived
thegroat canal project,all of which gunboats have
since been abandoned by the British Government,
and no one of which could ever have got through
the canals into Lake Ontario.
L submit, Mi. Pi evident, that it would have been
fair to have stated that the British navy was al-
icady built, and that theie were no expenses, or
: comparatively no expenses, incurred during the
Crimean war m constructing a navy with which
to cairy it on. Then another fact would have
been elicited on thatexaminauon, and a very im-
portant one, If I had been authorized to interro-
gate the Senator as a witness on the stand, I |
should have asked him what was the characterof j
the ships which the Biitish and French then had. <
Weie they sailing vessels oi were they steamers, i
and u ha t is the difference in cost between support- {
nig a steamer in keeping up a blockade and sup- '
polling a sailing vessel? Why, Mr. President,
the facts were that nearly all of the vessels cm-
ployed by the French and the English during the
Csimean war were sailing vessels. Russia hud
but very little coast to blockade, and the old sail-
ing hulks were taken into the Black and Baltic
seas, and set down befoie their principal ports.
Theie they lemained during the whole war, and
it cost very little more to support them there than
it did to support them in their own dock-yards
and in ordinary at home. While England and !
Francc thus blockaded Russian ports in what may !
almost be called inland waters with sailing ships, j
we have kept up the most complete blockade ever 1
known in naval warfare with steam vessels, and i
along nearly four thousand miles of coast, besides j
keeping up an armament of nearly one hundred !
steam vessels on the western waters.
Mr. President, I do not know that I shall have i
a better opportunity to say two or three things in 1
connection with naval matters *iot immediately
connected with the subject in hand than the pres-
ent; and if the Senate will pardon me I will pro-
ceed to do so. I wish the Senate to understand
that I am not a " thick and thin" defender of the
Navy Department. I claim no infallibility for
that Department, or for any other. 1 have con-
demned some of its acts, as I have condemned some
of the acts of every Department of this Govern-
ment. They know that I often differ from them.
I have frankly told them when I condemned them.
I have always gone before them and told them
what my opinions were in regard to any partic-
ular measure that I disapproved. Sometimes I
have convinced them that they were wrong; some-
times they have convinced me that T was wrong;
and sometimes we have both remained of the same
opinion as before. 1 differed from the Navy De-
partment in regard to their treatment of Commo-
dore Du Pont. I told them so frankly. But I have
not allowed my private grief in that connection,
or on any other subject, to control my action ns a
Senator. -I believe that thatgallantadmiral would
be one of the first to rebuke and condemn me if
he supposed that I allowed my feelings in his be-
half to influence me in the slightest degree in my
conduct here. He loves the country and he loves
the service of which he is so distinguished an or-
nament too much for that. I disagreed with them
in regard to the restoration of certain officers who
had resigned several years ago, and had recently
come back to the service. I thought that action
was unjust to the younger officers who had stood
by our flag and carried it in honor and in triumph
over every sea and in every clime. The Navy
Department thought differently, and the Senate of
the United States finally confirmed its action, and
there was the end of it. I did not bring my griefs
down here and ventilate them in the face of the
nation. I do not pretend that the right man is al-
ways selected for the right place. What man or
what Department does not commit mistakes? The
true question is, what is the grand total of results
accomplished by the Department?
Mr. President, when this war began, as every
citizen of the country knows, we had but eight
vessels that could be of any real value to the Gov-
ernment for the purpose of prosecuting the war.
We have to-day between five and six hundred. I
stated the other day, in answer to the clamors
which had been raised and which had found an
echo here m the Senate, that I was satisfied, from
a pretty thorough examination, that it would be
discovered that instead of having the slowest ves-
sels in any existing navy we really had the fastest
naval ships in anyservice inthcworld. Iam still
convinced that such will be the verdict that will
be rendered by the committee in the House of
Representatives who have that special subject of
inquiry in hand. Immediately after giving utter-
ance to that opinion I was deluged with letters
ftotn engineers, ship-builders, and various ama-
teurs in the naval profession, all of which went
to confirm the statement that I had made. Yes-
terday I received a letter, which I will road,from
a gentleman with whom I am very slightly per-
sonally acquainted, but who was introduced to
me by the Senator from Massachusetts furthest
from me [Mr. Sumner] a year and a half ago.
He has never been an advocate or a particular
friend of the Navy Department, but is a man
known all over the country as one of the most
extensive shipbuilders in the United States. I
desire that his statement may go to the country
in this connection. The letter will speak for itself.
Let mc say here, however, that the greatest fear I
have is, that owing to the peculiar character of the
war and the great outcry for fast vessels, wc shall
be liable to sacrifice too much to secure speed.
Dfar Sir. : My attention has been called to the contro-
versies now betoie the public, m which oiu naval ma-
chineiy has been severely criticised, andoui naval steamens
set forth as mou&tious abortions and complete, laihuee. I
have watched with deep interest the course putsued by the
Navy Department, both regarding the models of hull and the
5>tyle and powei of the steam machinery used. I have ideas
of my own on the subject of the propei requisites foi a steam
vessel-of-war, and do know that it is a difficult problem to
solve. Alfeo, I know the fact that the present war has called
for a class of steamers hithertountiied and unknown to the
great naval Powers of Europe. The lequirements of the
blockade, and offensive operations on the southern coast,
have In ought foith a class of naval steamers admnably fit-
ted foi such wotkj but, ju my opinion, hardly the proper
models for fast ciuising «lups. But ( am surprised to see
that there aie people unputiiotie and selfish enough tou-e
every effort, personal and thiough the public piess, to pic-
judice and poison the public mind with the belief that the
