3420
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 30,
ten of section.three, to the end of the section, is a
sew provision entirely, and 1 am not prepared to
say what the effect of that provision may be. It
is in these words:
And the action of the Quartermaster General and of the
Commissary General of Subsistence, as the case may be,
and of the accounting officers of the Treasury, sliall be flnai
and conclusive upon such claims, which may be paid either
t>y special requisition and warrant or by a disbursing offi-
cer of the quartermaster and subsistence departments, as
the case may be, or as may in each case be most proper or
convenient; ami the officers paying shall be released from
all liability for or on account of the property so paid for.
There is no such clause as that in the provis-
ion which was agreed to by the Judiciary Com-
mittee. I should have much preferred to adopt
the two sections that we agreed upon in lieu of
these provisions of the House bill, though if the
House bill is amended to conform to them, hav-
ing agreed to the report of the committee, I should
be willing to agree to the bill thus amended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
before the Senate is on the motion of the Senator
from Maine to postpone its further consideration
until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE 3?ROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Mc.Phf.rson, its Cleric, announced that
the House of Representatives had agreed to the
report of the committee of conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses on the bill (H.
It. No. 494) to increase duties on imports, and for
other purposes.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills and joint resolution; which thereupon re-
ceived the signature of the President pro tempore
of the Senate:
A bill (IX. II. No. 494) to increase duties ort
impuits, and for other purposes;
A bill (H. U. No. 559) to quiet the titles to
hinds in the Rancho Laguna de Santos Callc, in
the State of California; and
A joint resolution (H. 14. No. 113) to settle the
accounts of John S. Phelps, of Missouri, as a
member of the Thirty-Seventh Congiess.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following billy fiom the House of Rep-
resentatives wore severally read twice by their
titles, and referied as indicated below:
A bill (No. 11L) for the reliefof Major John A.
Whiiuil, paymaster in the United States Army,
on account of lost or stolen vouchors—to the
Committee on Clami.s.
A biii (No. UUIi) for the relief of Jacob Weber
—so the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 5G7) granting a pension to Eliza-
beth \] S^ppien—to the Committee on Pensions."
A bill (No, 509) for i ho relief of Jo hn 'Williams
— to the Committee on Chums.
iITU, INTRODUCED.
Mr. fcllTM NKR asked, and by unanimous con-
M-nr obtained, leave to bring in a bill (S. No. 341)
to imorpotcue the National Academy of Litera-
ture mid Art, mid also to incorporate the National
Academy of Moral and Political Sciences; which
way rend twice by its title, and ordered to be
printed.
KAn.ROAD TO EAST TENNESSEE.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 now move to take up House
joint resolution No. 83, authorizing the Presi-
dent to ennstiuct a military railroad from the val-
ley < f the Ohio to EustTenncssee, which was re-
ported yesterday morning by the Committee on
Military Affairs of the Senate.
Mr. GRIMES. I trust the motion of the Sen-
ator tn>m Kentucky will not prevail. I hardly
think it is proper to take up at this stage of the
rn^iUj when the Senate hardly contains a quorum,
a biil ,u this magnitude that is to involve scores
of tiiiiliu'is of dollars for the purpose of buiiding
ti lv.ihioid that cannot be constructed within the
nt'M five or ten years, and can be of no advant-
age, m my apprehension, in the conduct of the
piesent war. 1 trust it will be permitted to go
over wiiii lo-moriow, when there will be a full
Senai".
;\ir. DAVIS. I thmk my honorable friend
h":n lowa^ieatiy overrates the costof this road
Mr. TRUMBULL. You had better get it up
before it is discussed.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on taking up the bill. Debate to a very lim-
ited extent is allowed.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not care to say another
word upon it, but I ask for the yeas and nays
upon the question of taking it up.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I hope this bill may
be taken up. I do not think there is a more im-
portant measure now pending undisposed of be-
fore Congress than this. If we are to hold East
Tennessee at all,itisimportantto havea railroad
communicating with our base of operations at
Louisville and Cincinnati. As it seems to me,
no more important measure can be proposed to
the Senate than this. This proposed road will
lessen the line of transportation some one hun-
dred and fifty miles from Cincinnati to Knoxville
and Chattanooga, and is a very important meas-
ure. None more so, I think, can be taken up.
We are now at the very last days of the session.
I shall not go into the merits of the case, though
I should like very much to do it, for I have a map
of the whole country showing precisely the rail-
road connection, &c.; but I have no right to go
into it now on the motion to take up. But it does
seem to me if we do anything at all within the
very few last days of the session, it is time we
were commencing this matter.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President 
Mr. DAVIS. Will the honorable Senator per-
mit me to state barely two facts ? The road is al-
ready completed from two points, from Cincinnati
and Louisville to near Danville, in Kentucky. It
is proposed to unite the two branches then to term-
inate on the Ohio, and take the road by a single
line to the neighborhood of Knoxville. It is about
one hundred and twenty miles. More than two
years ago the War Department had made a con-
tract to have that road executed, built, and put
in running order in eight months. I have no idea
that, it will cost even at the present high rates
$5,000,000. If that road had been constructed at
the time the contract was made for its construc-
tion, it would have saved in transportation alone
to the Government up to this time m#re than
twenty million dollars.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 15, nays 11; as follows:
Y MAS—INlessrs. Brown, Buckalcw, Garble, Davis, Foot,
Harris, Johnson, Lane of fndiaua, MoDougall, Morgan,
Powell, Tea Eyck, Van Winkle, Wilkiiii-ou, ami Willey
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Clark, Oonno-5, Doohttle,
Fosti-i, fitinies Laneof Kansas, i'omeioy, Ramsey, Sma-
ller, and Trumbull—U.
ABSKNT—Chandler, Collamer, Cowan, Dixon,
Fe.-senden, Halo, Harding, Harlan, Henderson, Hendricks,
Hicks, Howard, Howe, Moirill, Nesuuth, Richardson, Rid-
dle, SuuMmry, Sherman, Spiaguc, Wade, Wilson, and
Wright—:X.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to.con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 83) authorizing the
President to construct a military railroad from
the valley of the Ohio to East Tennessee.
In accordance with the recommendation in his
annual message of 1861, the President of the
United States was authorized by an act of Con-
gress, approved January 31, 1862, to open and
construct a military railroad from the valley of
the Ohio river into East Tennessee, over such
route and under such conditions as in his judg-
ment seemed just and most judicious. That act
was modified and partly repealed by a joint reso-
lution, approved July 14, 1862, restraining the
President from exercising the discretion confided
in him by that act. In a special message, dated
April 28,1864, in accorda.ice with the strong rec-
ommendations of all the generals successively
commanding in the department of the Ohio, the
President called the attention of Congress again
to the importance of an early completion of that
military railroad as a measure of economy in
transportation of supplies and men to the valley
of East Tennessee, as a means of suppressing the
rebellion and as a perpetual bond of Union. The
bill, therefore, authorizes the President to con-
struct that military railroad on such route, with
reference to economy, as in his judgment may be
most advisable, and m such a' manner as may
best serve the interests of the Government and
insure the most speedy completion of the road.
Mr. GRIMES. In connection with the read-
ing* of the bill, I call for the reading of the letter
of the Secretary of War and of General Halleck,
which were ordered to be printed by the Senate.
The Secretary read the following letters:
War Department,
Washington City, June 13, 1864.
Sir : I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of
your note of June I, accompanying a jointresolutionoftiie
House of Representatives No. 83, authorizing the Piesi-
dent to construct a military railroad from the valley of the
Ohio to East Tennessee, and inquiring whether, in my
judgment, a military necessity exists for the construction of
said railroad.
At an early stage of the war, when the enemy held the
chief part of Kentucky and Tennessee, a raihoad fiom
Danville to Knoxville for a line of supply to an army ad-
vancing fiom the valley Of the Ohio into East Tennessee,
and which could in a great degree be constructed by the
Army as it advanced, was deemedameasureot piiniemil-
itary importance. In that view such a road was recom-
mended to Congress by the President's first annual mes-
sage in 1861. It was also urged by this Department, and
ariangements were made for building the road; but the
work was stopped by Congress repealing the statutoiy pro-
vision by authority of which it was undertaken. Since that
time the military condition of affairs has undeigone a great
change. We now hold Knoxville; the enemy have been
driven from Tennessee; and there is a railroad line ade-
quate for the transport of troops and Army supplies from
Chattanooga to Knoxville.
In view of this change, my judgment in respect to the
military necessity of a railroad, such as indicated by >our
inquiry, is controlled by the following considerations:
1. There already exists an adequate line ot railroad sup-
ply for the military necessities of East Tennessee.
2. Even if the contemplated line of railioad from Dan-
ville to Knoxville were now built, and in woiking order, a
military force would be requned to guard it. That could
not be spared without greatly impairing the strength of the
Army in the field.
3. It is not probable that the proposed road could be cori-
stiucted in tunc ior any u-,e duung this war. Its construc-
tion would require a huge body of men that could be bet-
ter employed in the field, and an outlay of several million
dollars that are needed to pay troops and support them.
The demand ereated toi men to build the road would in-
ciease the difficulty of raising troops foi the Army, and the
cost of the work would increase the war debt and lessen
the pubhc credit.
From these considerations, in my judgment, a military
necessity for the construction of such road does not now
exist. For fuller information your inquiry wan refcired to
General Halleck, chief of the Army staff, whose report is
approved by this Department, and a copy of which is heie-
with submitted.
I have the houor to be, very respectfully, your obedient
servant, EDWIN M. STANTON,
Sccrelayy of War.
Hon. Henry Wilson, Ckaiiman of the Committee on JShl-
Uaiy Jlfluirs, United. States Senate.
IIradquarteus of the Army,
Washing-ion, D. C. June 11, 1864.
Sir: ISy your direction 1 return herewith the " jointros-
ohition authorizing the i'levident to eonstiuct a military
laiiroad fiom the valley of the Ohio to Eas>t Tennessee,"
with my opinion as to the military necessity foi such a
road.
As there is a railroad now m operation from the valley
otiheOluo to Bast Tennessee—that is, from Louisville,
Kentucky, to Knoxville, Tennessee—I presume the joint
resolution refers to the eonsuuction of an additional and
moie direct route, say from Danville, Kentucky, to Knox-
ville, Tennessee.
Whatever may have been the military necessity of such
a railroad when the enemy weie m po&-,e«?i<m ot Ea-n and
Middle Tennessee, northern Alabama, and noitheru Geor-
gia, that necessity no longer exi>ts. We are now in com-
plete military po^ession ot these portions of territoiy. The
railroad fiom NaMiville to Knoxville is in full operation,
and we havesteamers running on the Tennest-ee i iver from
the shoals to Chattanooga and East Tennessee. So long
as these routes are kept op *n there wtiJ be no difficulty in
supplying our armies in East Tennessee and Gooigia, and
our depot at Nashville will be replenished by the Cumber-
land river, and by railroads from Louisville and from the
Tennessee liver.
Consideung the enormous expense, and the great length
of time required for the construction of the proposed rail-
road, the numberof troops which will be necessary to guard
it against rebel raids when eompleted, and the vast amount
of manual and mechanical labor which its construction
will diveit from other military objects ot more piessmgim-
poitance, I cannot advise at the present time the building
of the pioposed railioad as a military necessity.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
II. W. I1ALLKCK,
Major General, ChieJ of Staff.
Hon. E. M. Stanton, Secretary of War.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not propose to discuss this
bill. 1 am not in voice to do so. I will only
make one remark in relation to it. There is no
railroad in operation from Louisville to Knox-
ville any more than there is a railroad m opera-
tion from this city or New York city to Knox-
ville. There is the Louisville and Nashville road
m operation, and then there are some lines, that
diverge by a most circuitous route that makes the
distance from Louisville to Knoxville four or five
times as great as th is road would be in lengtn, that
