1470
TIIE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7,
word in explanation. I admit the entire truth-
fulness of the statement of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, i stated that«i was nol present in
the committee-room when the vote was taken on
tins bill, but I understood £his morning that this
bill contained certain provisions which the com-
mittee had incorporated in an independent bill
which had been discussed before them, and one
of those provisions was that the quality of this
gas should be determined by the two gentlemen
1 have named.
Mr. TRACY. I would say to the gentleman
that that provision was not even in the independ-
ent bill to which he refers.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. I supposed it was,
and I think it was so understood by the commit-
tee.
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio. I have no doubt that
the language of the eleventh section of the bill ad-
mits of the const) uction given to it by the gentle-
man from Acw York on my left, [Mr. Pruyn-.]
Butif we limit or put a restriction upon this new
company that they shall lay down twenty-five
miles of mains before they shall be allowed to
charge for their gas, it seems to me that we might
leave it £o the gas-consumers to decide whether
they will purchase that gas or not. That is a
sufficient restucnon upon the new company, and
u sufficient guard to the old company. We then
provide, for the protection of the publicinterests,
that before this company connect their mains with
the pipes in the Capitol and other public build-
ings, the gas shall be of the quality specified in
the tenth section. Certainly the citizens can pro-
tect their own interests, and judge whether they
will purchase this gas or not. Bui it is for us to
say, as guatdians of the public interests, that we
will not purchase this gas until it has been tested
and proved to be of the quality that they claim it
to bo.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. The gen-
tleman speaks of connecting the mains of this new
company with the pipes which now supply the
Capitol and other public buildings. I would like to
inquire of him whether there is not danger that
this gas will not mix propeily with the gas now
supplied ? 11 will be a sort of miscegenation.
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio. I am not much ac-
quainted with this question. It is a gassy
subject at best. The pipes leading to the pub-
lie buihhngsare the property of the Government,
and they can be disconnected from the mains he-
loriiring to the present gas company and connected
with those of the new company whenever the
Government sees proper. It seems to me that
requiring this new company to (uy down twenty-
five miles of mains before they chaige anything
for their gas is imposing a sufficient bin den upon
the company, and that the consumers may de-
termine the question for tla-msclves whether the
gas furnished by the new company has fifty per
cent, more illuminating power than the gas now
furnished. I think the bill as reported by the
committee is cm reot.
Mr. DUMONT. 1 f this bill fan by unanimous
consent be amendul by three words, it would re-
move th" objection of the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Pruyn.] It is to insert after the words
4 'United State*, "m the eleventh section, the woids
" or sell gas."
Mr. PklJ\N. I dn not care much about it,
but 1 thought I would call attention to it.
Mr. DUMON 1'. 1 move the amendment which
I have suggested: so that the section will read:
rrce. 11 *')nd be it ftnlhcr cnacfcd, Thai the said com-
pany "-hail not be funhoii/,«'cl to r-ell <raa until u have
pioduced 1.) me ujayo} Ul t e envoi VYa-hniL'tonawl tothr
ei "t uy i-t tin) int. tier ..itiMaetoijr e\ idtnee Hint it !ui-
Keeuti'd ni hud down, in a p.opn and woikutanltke MJai,-
nei. in tne av( iukn and >tieet- <>! the >,iu\ city, ga<- mains
oj ,ui avcM^e diameter of <it least six uiehe^ and a total
lejiirih of* not Je*« than twenty-five miles. • n i">ha)i the .-aid
company connect it* rnanw with the pipe.s *uppl\in" the
Capitol and oilx-i public building- belonging to the" United
Fute-, oj -elf iiiH.f it '-hail have pioduerd to the Secie-
tar\ ol tile I ill. not sah-f.ie:oi\ evidence that U lia< ereetrd
a id in op"ia)iojj .rood ind -ub-tantiai wmk> and holders
capable ( : in.tnui<u"tunn  and moiuiji a quantity of«a-. ot
the qu i!)I'' afoi e^aul. Mimeient to supply Ihe eon-umplton
at Ml times requiied in the Capitol and public buildings
albjeMod.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TRACY". Inasmuch as we have amended
the bill, I move to amend further by striking out
the word "of" and insetting the word "in," a
mere verbal amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be read a thiid
time; and it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. TRACY moved to leconsiuer the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
INDECENCY TO A DEAD SOLDIER.
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio, from the Committee
for the District of Columbia, made a report on the
resolution of inquiry adopted by the House,
March 15, 1864, as to the neglect to bury a de-
ceased soldier found in the canal, near the corner
of Third street and Missouri avenue, on the
morning of March 12, 1864, and asked that it be
laid on the table and printed in the Globe.
it was so ordered.
The report is as follows:
Mr. Morris, ot Ohio, fiorn the Committee for the Dis
tiict of Columbia, submitted the followin«r report as the
result of the mquity demanded by a lesoluiion offered by
Mr Harrington, and adopted by the House, March 15.
A. D. 1864;
The resolution was a«. follows :
Whereas on the morn in? of the 12th of March, 1861, the
remains ot a deceased veteian soldier, of a Penn-ylvama
regiment, weie found in the canal m the city o! Washing-
ton, Distnetoi Columbia, and weie before eight o'clock
a. m. of that day removed fiorn the mud and water to the
bank of the canal, and about one hundred teet fiorn the
corner of Thml direct and Mit-oun avenue, and in plain
view of panels by; and wheiea-- the lace and biea?tof
the coip-e weie covered with a duty, ragged ^traw mat;
and whereas a centner's inquest v\a> held on the body on
the motnmg ofthe «.ame day; andwherea'- the body of the
deceased was lolt lying m that condition in the sun, uu
watched and uncovered, and liable to mutilation, all of that
day and until arier ni ht:
-'Resolved, That the Committee for the District of Co-
lumbia aie duected to inqnue and report tothi«. House who
i.< responsible lor this gro->< neglect and hotud indecency
tovvaid the lemaiu- of a deeea-ed soldier "
The committee have endeavored toauiveat the faetsin
this cum;, and in order to do >o have had examined, under
oath. Mime m\ oi -even witne-^c^, iroin \vlto-~e testimony
it would appear that on the morning of the 12th ultimo,
about eurht o'clock, tin body of a deceased soldier wa- dis-
covered in the canal neat Thnd ^ti eel. A* soon a-. a police
officer was notified of the laet a messenger was stnt to
Geoigelow n lor the eoronei, who m due tune held an in-
quest and the jniy letuuied a veuliet of "'death b\ acei-
d< ntal (howning ,'5 the body in the mean time lumr m the
caie of a pi .lineman. <>  the person oitln deceased t-oldier
were lound -ixleeu dollars and filty cents in money, two
comb.-, a pocket-km!c, and a gold i mg. On the t mg wa- an
inscription in tlie~-e word-.  'Aulhony Dcaver, Co C, 56th
Penn. \'ct. Vols." Al about twelve o'clock, m., the in-
ijuer-t was cone t tided. The i eminent to which the deceased
belonged \w- at the •' Soldiers' liest" ihmi the depot, and
the foiegoine laei-. weie made known to its olfieer*. The
"officer of the dav5' toi U'e lciinneut detailed a coipoial
and three pnvatesto go and take charge ot the body, which
they did. piomi-uiir to attend to it immediately, and also
statins.'' th.it tiny would take the body home with them.
Thejuiy donated their fee-, amount'ii" to six dollais, lor
the puipo-e ofas-Mitur in delnuim: the e\pen-es of such
removal, which wa1- paid ovei to Coipoial IJenry W Diake
and ins receipt lajcen ihcieloi. 'i'be police offieei then
lelt the b(idy in the cateof hi-* Knmei comiades. About
halfjia-t lour o'clock offic< i rcndil.oftln metiopolitan
police, found that th^ body bad not been leinoveda- had
lieeii piomised him, and no one m enaige ofn. He imme-
diately repotted the iaet to Captain Mooie. coinei of F
and 'i'wouty-riiststi <'ct-? who dm. eted aclei k to take (low n
h.< statement'- and give immediate attention to the ea-e
At nine o'chn !\ at night, bowevet. the body was t-till in the
same place whejc ihe inquest had been held. Officer J icice
beniii nilbimed o! th" f;u t wi-nt immediately to tne i-ul-
! ond depot and iepoi ted to Captain Camp who wd- :n ehai<re
tin re. Captain ('amp luinMied ofheer 1'ieiee with live
men and a stieteh'T, and sent ('aptain Ripley, who was m
eomniand of'tbe niuud. to the ^.iniiaryComnuss.on Lodire
to make auansements tot the leeepiiou of the body. (Uh-
eci Pieiee and the soldieis took the bodv to the (h\id-hoif-e
of the lodge and left it in ehatg^1 of one of the employe^
The nnir, combs, and knife, ivei m dehveied to Lit utenant |
Colonel Ceoi<:e 15. Osborne ot the icgiinent to which the
deceased beh)l)g 'd.
The eoinniiit' <' is infoi toed and believe-- that if iniot {na-
tion had been con\e_ved to Captain Mooie at any tune be-
fore live o'clock, the lemains of the deceased would have
1mm h jnopoh and decently inieued in the cfineteiy at the
S.'!dier>'' Home; but at that hour ail the ambulances had
been Mmt to the hospitals. l>i!y the next morning the
body was so listened.
The eommitiee propose noac'aon in the piemise«. a- the
members ol the police were misled b\ the piomises of the
coimades of tlie deceased that they w'ould take caie of the
bodv and have it conveyed to l^LniHy'vama.
rJ'ho cofducr inioims the eoiinnitN'C that tiie lieutenan!
eolonrl of tnetcgiimnt to which the deeca-ed belonged
was examined as a witness, and that said colonel agieed
to si*** the bodv p'opedv < aie<! foi : that he. the said ( oro-
ner told the eulonel wheie a collin c-aiid be j>iocured at
the expense ofthe Government, 'i'hecoronet fmthei says
that in addition to notifying a police ofii< er to tnloim the
ofueeif! ol tlie icuiment of tite death of -<ud woldiei, he also
doeetcd him to notify Captain Moore. The committee
have no information that tin- wa< done pnortoiive o'clock.
The committee have no excuse fo offer foi Captain Moore
for not having removed the body aftei being notified, except
that given above, nor tor the police m not notifying Captain
i Moore betore five o'clock.
The fart that the body was left n„- above deiseiibed, wag
a gross outrage upon public decency, but as there seeni-i to
have been a misunderstanding in the case, the committee
a^k to be discharged from Uie further consideration of the
subject.
PENITENTIARY IN TIIE DISTRICT.
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio, from the Committee
for the District of Columbia, reported back a bill
to provide for the crection of a penitentiary in the
District of Columbia, with amendments.
Mr. PRUYN. I understand that that bill makes
an appropriation,and mustbeconsidered m Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. It appropriates $250,000for
a penitentiary in the District.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed an act (No. 198) to aid the Indian refu-
gees to return to their homes in the Indian Terri-
tory; in which he was directed to ask the con-
currence ofthe House.
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio. I move thattherules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itsulfinto the Committee o\
the Whole on the state ofthe Union, (Mr Pike
in the chair,) and proceeded to the consideration,
as a special order, of the business of the District
of Columbia.
STEAM EIRE-ENGINE.
Tlie first bill in order was an act (S. No. 168)
providing for the purchase of a steam fire-engine.
The bill appropriates §4,000 for the purchase
of a steam fire-engine for the use of the Colum-
bia fire company, to be purchased and kept m
efficient condition by the company or by the cor-
poration of the city of Washington without fur-
ther charge to the Government.
The Committee for the District of Columbia re-
ported the following amendment:
Add to the bill the following new section :
Sfo. i2 *4ml br it Jmtkcr enacted, That the said engine
t-iiall be under the eenetaj direction and control ol the mu-
nicipal authorities of the city of Washington, and nothing
in this act contained thall be con-ti ued a> m any way mi-
paninjj the authoutv ol the said Government over said
Columbia liie company, or of Congress in the control of
.said engine.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. THAYER. I move to amend the first
section by striking out the words "Columbia
fire company " and inserting in lieu thereof the
words "fire biigade established by the Govern-
ment." Mr. Chairman, it is a matter of public
notoriety that the Government has established a
fire department here, which is ordinarily denom-
inated the fire brigade. It seems to me to be an
absurdity for us to be appropriating $4,000 for a
voiunteer association to buy a fire-engine, instead
of increasing, if it be necessary to inciease, the
capacities of the organization established by the
Government. Why should we vote $4,000 for a
volunteer association which may be abandoned
in six months?
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio. Let me say to the
gentleman fioin Pennsylvania that this Columbia
fiic company was chartered in 3810. that it is the
first fire company ever organized here, that its
buildings are partly owned by the Government,
that they aic located in the immediate neighbor-
hood of this Capitol, and that it is the special
province of the company to protect Government
property, and particukiily this Capitol. The
members-of this company have a fine library.
The idea of giving a fire-engine to a brigade or-
ganized without authouty of law, and which may
be dismissed at any time, is absuid.
Mr, THAYER. Mr. Chairman, in regard to
what has fallen from the gentleman from Ohio,
1 can only say that I know nothing of the his-
tory or antecedents of this voluntary associa-
tion, the Columbia fiie company, and I therefore
know nothing to its prejudice. Rut, sir, it does
seem to me that when we have here an oiganized
body under the control of the Government for
this express purpose, which is in actual service
and successful operation, and when thot organ-
ization. is a Government creature, that if addi-
tional conveniences are wanted for putting out
fires, every dictate of common sense requires that
