8422
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
June BO,
cilitate telegraph communication between the east- i
ern and western continents.
There was no objection; and the bill was taken
up, and read a first and second time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to add
the following amendment:
Provided, It sl>a]I not be lawful for the owners or officers
of said telegraph line to itlake any contract, directly or in-
directly, for the transmission of dispatches foranynewspa-
per or newspaper association upon terms different from
those open to the enjoyment of all other newspapers and
newspaper associations.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to a third
reading; and it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
HAKY A. BAKER.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the Committee on Invalid Pensions, reported back
Senate bill No. 122, for the relief of Mary A.
Enker, widow of Brigadier General Edwaid D.
Baker, with the recommendation that it do not
pass.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place tlie name of Mary A. Baker, widow of
Brigadier General Edward D. Baker, on the pen-
sion roll at the late of fifty dollars a month from
the 21st of October, 1861, to continue during her
widowhood.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. The
pension of this widow according to the law is
$360, and this bill proposes to met case it to $U00.
The committee has uniformly lefused to increase
the pension of widows of officers, and the simple
question is whether that decision shall now be
reversed. It is for the House to decide whether
an exception shall lie made in this ease or not.
Mr. FARNSWOltTri. This bill ought to
pass without objection. Every member of the
House is familiar with the circumstances of the
death of General Baker at Rill's Bluff. The
Senate passed this bill granting a pension of fifty
dollars a month to his widow. The same in-
crease of pension has been given to Ihe widows
of other general officers who have died in the
service. I have no disposition to take up the
time of the House in discussing this mutter. It
seems to me that >i statement oi" the case is suffi-
cient to recommend this to the approval of the
House.
It is well known that General Raker was a
Senator, and that he left the Senate and went into
the field for the love of country, tie was not a
professional soldier and might have kept out of
the Army. His position was as distinguished
as that of any man in the United States. From
purely patriotic motives he hd't the Senate and
went into the field, and fell fighting at the battle
of Ball's Blull'.
Mr. SHANNON. I know that the family of
General Baker has been left in destitute circum-
stances, and I hope the bill will pass.
Mr. ROSS. 1 regret that the majority of the
Committee on Invalid Pensions have agreed to re-
port adversely on this measuie. Thereaic thir-
teen cuses in which Congiess has granted addi-
tional pensions to the widows of our general offi-
cers who have fallen upon the battle-field. It
seems to me that it would be invidious and un-
just to discriminate against the widow of General
Baker. When he was a citizen of Illinois he
fought gallantly in the Mexican war, and fell in
this war at the head of his command at Ball's
Bluff. I think it would be very improper for this
Congress to draw a distinction against this case.
It presents the extraordinaiy case of an individ-
ual who having for a long period held public of-
fices in the country, as member of Congress, ns
United States Senator, as general, has left his
family in stiaitened circumstances. And when
a case of that kind is presented it appears to me
that it commends itself to the consideration of
Congress, if the individual has passed through
those offices with honesty and integrity.
I deemed it but just to say thus much in favor
of the application, which is made on behalf of the
widow of a worthy statesman and distinguished
general, who discharged every duty devolved
upon him well and faithfully.
I have a statement here showing the cases in
which additional pension has been granted-by the
Congress of the united States in cases exactly
similar to this, and I ask the Clerk to read it.
The Clerk read the statement, as follows:
* r &
£L 2 o'"5 ^ ^ E ~ n's'
£T 2. « P ■< ,t SB P
n - k . — J — --r
 > *.
'< 5 2.2 3
fc3^~ -
3 ^>3
s < -
§1 i
S 3 $
£2 < 2.
¥3 ? -
]1|
o9  
2..|^O5?
5 P r. : 3 T> P
s: !: ?
3 £3*
3 r*
; 2,© %
r §
C5005
en y oi a c ,i o v> y w
©G-O®0 0'®4-C00--J
«>
JT* 1— CO
IS
<83-
c —
5~
5 s-
4 0
• ^
Mr. WASHHURN, of Massachusetts. One
word more mid i will call the previous question.
Mr. VV1IALEY. Will the gentleman yield
to me a moment?
Mr. WASHHURN, of Massachusetts. I will
yield to the chairman of the committee.
Mr. WIIALEY. The acts of Congress which
have been read by the Clerk, every membcrupon
this floor will remember, were passed in a time
of great national and private prosperity; at a time
when this country was not burdened by taxation;
unci at a time when there was less than a million
dollars annually paid for pensions. We are now
informed by the Committee of Pensions that our
pension list runs up to $4,000,000, while accord-
ing1 to the best estimates only about one half of
those entitled to pensions have made their appli-
cations. Consequently when the whole number
shall have applied under the present law the pen-
sions will reach $8,000,000.
No one would be more willing than I to in-
crease the pension of Mrs. Haker under other cir-
cumstances than those which surround us. You
will remember that she will receive thirty dollars
a month; you will take into consideration the fact
that the Senate of the United States have stricken
out fiom our bill the amendment to increase the
pension of the private from eight to eleven dollais a
month; and you will take into consideration that
we have thousands ami hundreds of thousands
who aiv not entitled to a pension, but who have
been wounded in the service. Many of them
have large families of children and are in a desti-
tute condition. Many of our soldiers have large
families, but if they are killed in battle those fam-
ilies cannot obtain a pension. Many of them are
now fighting m our armies in the South with no
mothers to kneel by their side in their lasthours,
no wives to wipe the clammy death-sweat from
their brow, no brothers to take care of them, and
these men leave families to be thrown upon the
cold charities of the world or compelled to put
up with eight dollars a month. The argument
used before the committee was that these people
are accustomed to be poor. A very poor argu-
ment, indeed.
I repeat, that no one upon this floor would be
more willing than myself to increase the pension
ofMrs, Bakurfrom thirty to fifty dollars a month;
but we are in a great crisis of our national exist-
ence and every effort must be devoted to raising
the means of carrying1 on the war. Thirty dollars
amonth will keep one from starving, and i hope
the bill will riot pass, and that-there v/ill be no in-
crease of pensions from thirty dollars to fifty dol-
lars a month, while so many of our poor soldiers'"
families are compelled to live on eight dollars a
month.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I think
this question is perfectly understood, and I shall
insist on the previous question after saying a
word. The committee were of opinion that if
there was to be any increase of pensions that in-
crease should not be in special cases, but by a
general law raising the standard of pensions; that
we should not simply laise the pensions of those
who now draw $360 a year, but of the poor privates
who draw but ninety-six dollars a year. And
when the period comes in the history of our coun-
try that we can afford to be generous in these re-
spects let us pa^t a law1 increasing pensions and
allowing a greatersum to the widows of all officers
and privates also. It was deemed by the committee
that it would be improper to single out an indi-
vidual case which is no stronger than other cases
and grant an increase of pension while others as
meritorious remain the same. The House, how-
ever, understand the case fully, and not wishing
to take up more time I demand the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. W ASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I hope
this bill will not pass. The report of the com-
mittee is adverse to it.
Mr. WILSON. I move to lay the bill on the
table.
On laying the bill on the table 58 voted in the
affirmative and 38 in the negative.
Mr. ROSS, of Illinois, called for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. COFFROTH called for tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. FARNSWORTH called for tellers on the
motion to lay on the table.
Toilets were ordered; and Messrs. Washburn
of Massachusetts, and Farnsworth, were ap-
pointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 58, noes 38.
So the bill was laid on the table.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts,moved
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was laid
on the table; and also moved to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WIDOW 01? GENERAL WHIPPLE.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the same committee, reported back Senate bill No.
2,gi anting a pension to Ellen M. Whipple, widow
of the late Major General Amiel W. Whipple,
United States Army, with the recommendation
that it do not pass.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. This
is a case precisely similar to the one just disposed
of, and 1 move to lay the bill on the table.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I ask the gentleman to
allow me to make a single remark, and to call
his attention to some piecedents on this subject.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts.- I think
the House understands the question thoroughly;
we have acted on some fifteen or twenty similar
cases
Mr. WADSWORTH. I hope the gentleman
will at least allow me to call his attention to two
cases m the last Congress.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order unless
the gentleman from Massachusetts withdraws the
motion to lay the bill on the table.
The bill was laid ou the table.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, moved
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was laid
on the table; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WIDOW OF G13NKRAL BERRY.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the same committee, reported back Senate bill
