1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
■m
early recovery from the blight and desolation of
existing civil war.
The Wins: party in the General Assembly, with
but few exceptions, advocated the loan of State
credit to the system. Among these exceptions
was General Noell. lie resisted with earnest-
ness and his usual ability what was known as the
" railroad mania" of that day. He presented in
strong terms the injustice of taxing those far re-
moved from the lines of road equally with those
who more immediately enjoyed its benefits,.and
urged that such result would inevitably flow from
the hot-bed system adopted, looking, as he con-
ceived, rather to future development of the State
than to supplying the wants of legitimate busi-
ness.
lie and those with whom he acted were over-
poweied. The system was adopted, giving us
about eight hundred miles of railroad, but with a
Stare debtof nearly thirty millions. In the severe
afflictions visited upon our State recently, destroy-
ing the accumulations of the past, and withdraw-
ing from useful pursuits so large a proportion of
our laboring population, white and black, with
the great western outlet of trade closed against
our commerce, our credit is temporarily dishon-
ored. Such, General Noell thought, would be
our condition even under more favorable circum-
stances. They who are interested abroad, how-
ever, may be assured that repudiation will never
he laid to our charge. Peace will lift the heavy
hand from all the departments of industry, and
that which is now worthless will, by this al-
chemy, be changed into boundless wealth.
In 1856, the Ameucan party had absorbed the
larger portion of the Whig party,and had gath-
ered into its folds many who had previously been
Democrats. In that section of the State in which
General Noell resided, the descendants of the old
French settlers of St. Genevieve and Hercula-
tienm constituted a very considerable element in
the population, and to a large extent gave fashion
and tone to society. Among these people arc
numbered many of the best citizens of Missouri.
Possessing the usual vivacity and elegant man-
ners of the French, they yet have a strong ances-
tral pride, and seem to feel as if their beneficence
had contributed to the national greatness in the
gift of the Mississippi and all the magnificent re-
gions that he on its sunset side. Dunng the ex-
istence of the Whig party they were, almost with-
out exception, Whigs. In religious belief they
are Roman Catholics. In the fierce denunciations
of the Catholic church by the American party, it
aroused fears of persecution and estranged for-
eigners and Catholics, while it grew strong upon
Protestant prejudice.
It was in the midst of this people that the de-
ceased had lived since 1833. Among them he had
been a farmer, a merchant's clerk, a merchant, a
clerk of the courts, a lawyer, and a legislator.
A mong them he had manied and reared a family.
His wife, a most estimable and intelligent lady,
was of French parentage, and a communicant of
the Catholic church. Thus sunounded, he could
not well sympathize with the new paity. On the
contrary, he enteted warmly into the support of
the Democratic candidates, State and national,
and made many speeches during the canvass of
marked ability and power. During the political
discussions of 185G, the deceased acquitud distin-
guished reputation as a debater,and laid the foun-
dation for future usefulness to his country.
In 1858 he was elected to Congress from the dis-
trict formerly represented by Samuel Caiuthers,
whose fast friend, personal and political, he had
ever been. IJ is constituents had become aftecied
by the prevailing mania on the subjectof unlroads,
and expected him to demand of Congiess rn h
grants of land to aid in the construction of the I ron
Mountain and the Cairo and Fulton roads. i o
have exerted himself in the procuiement of such
land giants was a sure passport at that time to
popular favor; but such were his views of the Con-
stitution and of public policy that he sternly re-
sisted all measures of this character, dechuuig
them unjust and corrupting in their tend-meie?.
In cu'sequcnee of his course on this subje; t,
and his opposition to specific dutu s on iron, he
incurred the opposition not only of the masses,
who saw riches in railroad improvements, but
that of the iron-masters in his district, who knew
that their interests would be best subserved by a
protective policy.
Hence his canvass in 1860 was one in which
prejudices had to be metand conquered. Head-
dressed himself most fearlessly to the task, and
the tesult was his return to Congiess by a largely
increased majority. !n this canvass he supported
Mr. Douglas for the Presidency, and denounced
in fitting terms the disguised rebel organization
under the lead of Mr. Breckinridge.
But the winter of 1860-61 was the period to try
men's souls in Missouri, and, indeed, in all the
slave States. The scenes of December, January,
February, and March will never be effaced from
the memory of those who witnessed the violent,
the terrible political storm that then swept over
the border States. Such F hope never again to
witness; and yet, having witnessed it, I am now
glad to have been in the midst of it, and to have
known and felt its fury. I well remember with
what intense anxiety we watched the course of
every public man, and with what heartfeltenthu-
siasm we greeted every expression that came to
our aid. The struggle with us was regarded as
one of life or death/ The parties, equally zeal-
ous and equally determined, each animated with
a burning faith in the justice of its cause, rushed
into the conflict, the one to maintain the Union,
the other to destroy it.
Duiing this period there was no conflict of arms,
but a political conflict so earnest and so dreadful
that none could err as to its ultimate end. The
General Assembly, goaded on by southern emis-
saries and agents sent to the capital for that pur-
pose, had become recreant to the trust reposed in
them by their constituents. They daily indulged
in bitter invective against the party coming into
power, and spread before the people inflammatory
appeals, that the pride and passion of the young
might be excited. With equal cunning they ad-
dressed themselves to the fears of the more pru-
dent, by the most exaggerated predictions of out-
rage to be perpetrated upon the rights of person
and property. Supposing the public mind to be
properly prepared for secession, they called a con-
vention of the people to go through the formality
of passing the act. Those who called it had no
doubt of their success. The Union men, finding
that they could not defeat the call of the conven-
tion, accepted it, and resolved to meet their oppo-
nents at the polls and vanquish them if possible.
Our defeat was, even at that early day, regatded
by us as tantamount to banishment and confis-
cation. Parties were dreadfully in earnest. At
this critical moment of our afiaiis, the deceased
addressed an able letter to his constituents, dated
Washington, January 14, 1861, m which he ex-
amined and exposed the heu.->y oi secession,and
exhorted them to stand by the Union. In con-
eluding, he said:
<< It we cmnot live in peace under our present Govern-
ment.then I am not wilhus to n-k any new eontcdetaf ion
without knowni" how oi whci" we are tn stand in it. For
ther-c iea-ons let Mi--ouu pirp.iro well toi coutm?eiK'U'«,
stand cool and fiini to act as hei own iionorawi tlmhappi-
ne<*« ot iiei people demand. Jlboicail. /el us ctn\% to the
Union Ions, us one ?«?/ uf hope remains that xt m<n/ be
Sfii a!' In stvinc nttm atiee to ihe-e sentiment-. I know
tliat I am bi.rnng the epidemic that Jias- seized on the puhi ic
mind in im own State ; hut [ am iradyto meet the con<c-
quenco. J have no political ambition that could bo cr.it-
itied by place arid power in a mi-eiable little sectional (on-
icdeiacy oi nnhtuiy de>pol^in. My polmea! e.\i-tcnce is
ot* no consequence wluuevti. C c hi only know iii.it my
counttv i- in imminent prtil.aml 1 ^hall do all m in\ power
to >ave it, without iciratd to <;on-equenee-> per-onal to my-
sell. I know no political dt-tnietion- now but one ' <« r or
a<yain?t my con nti v.1 Dcmoci at-. Wh Know N'otinns-.
aie names that I now blot out liom m\ mcnioty. I Miall
•stmto forget then) until we get tiuougli tin.-- daik and
<toimy night."'
This letter at oiue placed General Noell high
j in the confidence of the .struggling Union rnenoi
! the Sta'e, and his subsequent coin so as a member
! of Congiess gave new pi mils of hist fidelity.
I A few days after I came to the Senate, in Jan-
! uary, 1SG:2, the Piesident transmitted to Congress
1 his proposition on the subject of emancipation in
! the bonier States. Several meetings of border
; State Repi esentatives were held to consider it,
S and much discussion was had as to the piobable
i effect of the measure on the Union smtimentot
| cvv 11 f p  et v States. At those meetings 1 had
j bi.id nothing, nor bed 1 heai (1 G^neuil N on.ttx~
; p.ers irs opinion's, put ".hen 1 foond thnt my
j colle:-<rue "j the Srn-tfe imd nil t he mombcis in the
lowerHou&e from my State,except General Blair
andGemral Nolll, would piobably oppose it,
I called on the deceased to urge him to the advo-
cacy of the pioposiuon before the p3ople. I can-
not forget the prompt manner in which he an-
swered, " I have already made up my mind to
advocate emancipation in Missouri, and we will
act together." The condition of his district was
such, however, that he could not visit many por-
tions of it. His position was understood. He
was again a candidate for Congress at theYall elec-
tion in 1862, and on acountof the votes he received
the certificate of election; but his seat was con-
tested by Colonel Scott, the present member from
that district.
His course upon the slavery question estranged
fiom him many of his old friends. The Union
men of his district were not yet prepared to give
up the institution, and those of rebellious procliv-
ities always use it as a weapon of political war-
fare. Against him it was used with wonderful
effect. He was charged with dividing the Union
sentiment of the State by adopting the heresy that
Unionism is identical with anti-slavery; that the
States must be all free. He was not only politi-
cally ostracized in his new position, but ne felt
the chill of social banishment from genial homes
where once he had been the idol of all.
On his return to Congress in December, 1862,
I found him intensely anti-slavery, unwilling to
compromise with the institution even for a few
years. While he had been persecuted and hunted
m a district where there were but few slaves, I
had met with a more generous treatment among
those who were the largest slaveholders of the
State. I found a strong and growing sentiment
in favor of emancipation, and increasing confi-
dence in the good faith of the President and his
advisers, while he was prevented by southern
raiders from expressing his sentiments before a
constituency ho had served so well.
He felt that our only hope of peace consisted
in striking down the institution, and the sooner it
was destroyed the sooner peace and social reor-
ganization would return. Owingtoconstitutional
difficulties in the way of emancipation in our State,
we did not agree as to the details of a bill. He
introduced his bill into the House, and I offered
one in the Senate.
He, 1 believe, is entitled to the credit of having
ofieicd the first measure ever proposed by a Rep-
resentative from a slave State looking to practical
emancipation.
Whether his memory shall be more dear in the
future in consequence of the act, remains for pos-
terity to settle. If emancipation of the black race
in this country shall turn to beacuise, that curse
will soon be felt. The hand of the Unseen has
written the doom of slavery upon the wall of re-
bellious revelry, and the writing is already inter-
preted . The index, moved by the wheels of human
thought and human action, beginsto pointto the
hour on the dial of American civilization when
the idol of slavery shall be crushed God grant
that the new period may give us the blessings of
constitutional liberty, the freedom of speech, the
fieedom of the press, the freedom of conscience,
and the freedom of men.
Mr. President, the remains of General Noell
now rest in one of the loveliest valleys of Mis-
souri. From that valley rise up, like immense
pyramids, the mountains of iron ore that- so
widely known throughout the country. In their
presence he spent his early manhood and his ma-
Hirer age. As they stand in the rough elegance
of natuie, unsmoothed by the hand of art, so was
the mind of Noell—strong and vigorous in native
power, but unsoftcncd by the charms of a classic
education or the polish of early culture. As, of un-
comely exterior, they possess within unbounded
wealth, so Ins powerful but unpolished mind was
rich in nature's gifts, and his soul was full of
kindness and charity. In the progress of time
I these huge mountains will be removed, and the
I plastic hand of civilization will mold them into
\ new forms, to advance the comfort and happiness
; of man. LfH us hope that the mystic influence
| that comes fiom the tomb of him who sleeps at
their base will continue to animate the ardent and
the generous in the work of man's amelioration.
j Mr. SUMNER. The personal acquaintance
which I had with Mr. Noell was very slight.
But I honoi ed him tnueh as a public servant who,
at a critical moment, discovered clearly the path
of duty and had the couiage to tread it.
Born among slaves, and living always under
the shadow of slavery, his character was not cor-
