1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
No. 44, granting a pension to the widow of the
late Major General Hiram G. Berry, with a rec-
ommendation that it do not pass; and moved to
lay the bill on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr, WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, moved
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was laid
on the table; and also moved to lay the motion to
' reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EXTRA COPIES OF INTERNAL REVENUE BILL.
Mr. BOUTWELL, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following1 resolution; which was
read, and referred to the Committee on Printing:
Resolved, That ten thousand copies of the act to provide
internal levenue for the support of the Government, to pay
interest on the public debt, and for other purposes, be printed
for the use of the office of Internal Revenue.
KANSAS LAND GRANT.
Mr. JULIAN, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported back Senate bill No. 233, making
an additional grant of lands to the State of Kan-
sas to aid in the construction of a railroad and
telegraph" line.
Mr. 110LMAN. I move to amend the bill by
providing that such road shall be a public high-
way for the transportation of the property and
troops of the United States free of charge.
The amendment was adopted.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to a third
reading, and was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. JULIAN moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. ALLEY called for the regular order of
business.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. 1 ask my col-
Jeague to give way to me for a moment.
Mr. ALLEY. I yield to my colleague.
RANK OF WARRANT-OFFICERS.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I ask unani-
mous conscnt to have taken from the Speaker's
table the Senate amendment to the bill (H. R.
No. 470) to authorize assimilated rank to be given
to the warrant officers of the United States Navy,
and for other purposes.
There being no objection, the amendment was
taken from the Speaker's table, as follows:
After the word " authorized" insert the words " if in his
judgment it shall be conducive to the interest* of the ser-
vice."
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the amendment was con-
curred in; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the tabic.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WIDOW OF C. A. HA UN.
The House, proceeded as the regular order of
business, to the consideration of the Senate amend-
ment to House bill No. 466, for the relief of the
widow of C. A. Eiaun, which was to make the
pension commence on the 11th of December, 1861.
The amendment was concurred in.
PROFESSORS AT WEST POINT. !
Mr. SCHENCK asked and obtained leave to
have taken from the Speaker's table Senate joint
resolution No. 58, in lelation to the piofessors in
the Military A cademy at West Point; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
CAPTAIN DANIEL HEBARD.
Mr. SCHENCK also asked and obtained leave
to have taken from the Speaker's table Senate
joint lesolution No. 43, authouzmg the settle-
ment of the accounts of Captain Daniel Hebard,
United States \oIunteers; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs. j
EXEMPTION FROM MILITARY SERVICE. j
Mr. SCHENCK also asked and obtained leave j
to have taken from the Speaker's table Senate |
bill No. 286, to prohibit the discharge of peisons j
from liability to military duty by reason of pay- j
ment of money, and for other purposes; which j
was read a first and second time, and reierred to j
the Committee on Military Affairs. i
CHANGE OF STEAMER'S NAME.
Mr. WASFIBURNE, of Illinois, asked and
obtained leave to have taken from the Speaker's
table Senate bill No. 322, changing the name of
the steamer Magnet into that of Home; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate insisted
on its amendments to the bill making appropria-
tions for the payment of sundry civil expenses
of the Governmentfor the year ending 30th June,
1865, and requested a committee of conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses.
MILITARY INTERFERENCE IN ELECTIONS.
The act (S. No. 37) to prevent officers of the
Army and Navy, ana other persons engaged m
the military or naval service of the United States,
from interfering in elections in the States, was
taken from the Speaker's table, read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
ALEXANDER CROSS.
Mr. HALE asked and obtained unanimous
consent to have taken from the Speaker's table
the Senate amendment to House joint resolution
No. 39, for the relief Alexander Cross.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. HALE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the Senate amendment was concurred in;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. COBS, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as truly enrolled bills and a joint
resolution of the following titles; when the Speak-
er signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 442) to authorize the Presi-
dent of the United States to negotiate with certain
Indians of Middle Oregon for a relinquishmentof
certain rights secured by treaty;
An act (II. R. No. 522) to amend the charter
of the Washington and Georgetown Railroad
Company;
An act (H. R. No. 435) concerning certain
locations of lands in the State of Missouri;
An act (H. R. No. 255) granting certain priv-
ileges to the Guardian Society of the District of
Columbia; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 93) to authorize
the Postmaster General to extend the contract
with the Overland Mail Company.
COMMODORE WILKES.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Navy trans-
mitting, in compliance with a resolution of the
House of'Representatives of May 17,1864, a copy
of the proceedings of the court of inquiry in the
case of Commodore Charles Wilkes; also' trans-
mitting a copy of the ptoceedings of the court-
martial which tried Commodoic Charles Wilkes;
which were laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed. *
SOUTHERN INDIAN SUPERINTENDENCE.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
letter from the Secretary of the Interior tians-
mitting the accounts of Indian agents for the
southern supermtendency under the act of March
3, 1863; which was laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
RUFUS L. HARVEY.
Mi. PERIIAM, fiom the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported adversely on the petition of
Rufus L. Harvey; which was laid on the table.
ELIZABETH B. LEPl'IEN.
Mr. PERHAM, from the same committee, also
reported a bill for the relief of Elizabeth B.Lep-
pien; which was read a first and second time.
The bill places the name of Elizabeth B. Lcp-
pien upon the pension loil at the rate of thirty
dollars per month, to commence on the 24th of
May, 1863, and to continue duiing her widow-
hood.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third tim«; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. PERHAM j^oved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and®also moved'
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
IRON-CLAD ESSEX.
On motion of Mr. GRISWOLD the House taok
from the Speaker's table Senate bill No. 273, to
compensate the officers and crew of the iron-clad
gunboat Essex for the destruction of the rebel
ram Arkansas.
The bill was read a first and second time, or-
dered to a third reading, and it was accordingly
read the third timo, and passed.
Mr. GRISWOLD moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PAY OF CLAIMANTS FOR SEATS.
Mr. SMITH, by unanimous consent, submitted
the following resolution; which was referred to
the Committee of Elections:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House bedirected to pay
out of the contingent fund to Messrs. Rogers, Johnson, and
Jacks, claimants for seats upon this floor ab Representatives
in the Thirty-Eighth Congress from the Slate of Aiftansas,
pay and mileage from the time that their credentials were
presented.
Mr. DAWES entered a motion to reconsider
the vote by which the resolution was referred to
the Committee of Elections.
RAILROAD TO NEW YORK.
Mr. ALLEY moved to take up the bill and re-
port in reference to the construction of an air-line
railroad between Washington and New York,
and that they be recommitted to the select com-
mittee on the subject.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ALLEY. 1 hope that some day will be
fixed for the consideration of this question.
Mr. STEELE, of New Jersey. 1 move that
it be postponed till December next.
Mr. ALLEY. I move this day next week.
Mr. WADSWORTH. The subject is not be-
fore the House and I object.
TREASURY INVESTIGATION.
Mr. GARFIELD. I am directed by the select
committee to investigate the charges against the
Treasury Department to submit a majority re-
port. The gentleman from New York [Mr. Fen-
ton] has a sub-report, and there is a minority re-
port which I ask may be received when prepared;
and I now move that the reports be laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mi. GARFIELD. I now move that that select
committee be discharged from the further consid-
eration of that part of the resolution relating to the
trade regulations on the western waters,and that
it be referred to the committee on the conduct of
the war.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BROOKS. 1 am anxious there should be
some action on this question at this session.
The SPEAKER. It will be considered that it
can be called up at any time.
T. T. GARltARD AND OTHERS.
Mr. PRUYN, from the Committee of Claims,
reported a bill for the relief of T. T. Garrard and
others; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee of the Whole House
on the Private Calendar, and, with the accompa-
nying report, ordered to be printed.
JOHN WILLIAMS.
Mr HOLM AN, from the Committee of Claims,
reported a bill for the relief of John Williams;
which was read a fiist and second time.
The report was read.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If there was a con-
tract with a quartermaster, why has he not paid it?
Mr. HOLM AN. The voucher was not in
proper form. There is abundant evidence of the
furnishing of the wood, for which we propose to
pay &b8 75.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The principal objec-
tion I have lo legislating on such questions is
the precedent tliat we are Getting for the future.
There are thousands of such claims where the
quartermasters have failed to make out proper
