426
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
rupted, nor was bis judgment obscured. All of
us, although born among freemen and living far
away from that influence which has so unhappily
disturbed our country, might take counsel from
his intelligent alacrity. While others hesitated
ho was prompt. "While others surrendpred to pro-
crastination, he grappled at once with the giant
evil. Such a man was exceptional, and now that
he is dead he deserves exceptional honors.
There are men in history who by a single effort
fix the public attention. A member of Parliament
in the last century was known as "Single-speech
Hamilton." Others have become famous from
the support of a single measure. Perhaps Mr.
Noell may find a place in this class. But no
" "Single-speech Hamilton" could claim the hom-
age which belongs to him.
There have been many in Congress from the
slave States, but he was 'the first in our history
who was inspired to bring in a bill for the aboli-
tion of slavery in a State. Rejecting the palpable
sophistries by which it was sought to postpone
an act of unquestionable justice, and discarding
the idea that wrong was to be dealt with tardily,
gradually, or prospectively, he proposed imme-
diate emancipation. Let it be spoken in his fa-
vor. Let it be carved on his tombstone. His
bill passed the House. It was lost in the Senate.
But it was not lost to his fame. He died without
beholding the fulfillment of his desires; but the
cause with which his name is associated cannot
die.
Among the human benefactors of Missouri, so
rich in natural resources, he mustalways be num-
bered, and his memory will be appreciated there
just in proportion as men discern what contributes
most to the wealth, the character, and the true
nobility of a State. And hereafter, when the pres-
ent conflict is ended and peace once more blesses
our wide-spread land,he will be mentioned grate-
fully with those who saw truly how this blessing
was to be secured, and bravely strove to secure
it. Better in that day to have been a doorkeeper
in the house of freedom than a dweller in the
tents of the ungodly; and what ungodliness can
compare with the ungodliness of slavery, whether
in the lash of the taskmaster or in the speech of
its apologist?
The resolutions were adopted nem. con., and the
Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, February 1, 18G4.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. W. H. Ciianning.
The .Tournal of Friday last was read and ap-
proved.
DELEGATE FROM IBAIIO.
Mr. McBRIDE presented the credentials of
William H. Wallace, as Delegate from Idaho
Territory; who thereupon took the oath pre-
scribed by the act of July 2, 18G2.
MISSOURI CONTESTED ELECTION.
The SPEAKER laid before the House depo-
sitions in the contested-election ease between
James Lindsay and J. G. Scott, from the third
congressional district of Missouri; which were
referred to the Committee of Elections.
RECIPROCITY TREATY.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, in answer to the House resolution of 17th
December, 1863, in regard to the operations of
the reciprocity treaty; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
WASHINGTON TERRITORIAL LAWS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
copies of the laws of the Territory of W ash ington;
which were referred to the Committee on Terri-
tories.
CALL OF COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER proceeded, as the first busi-
ness in order, to the call of committees for reports
for reference to the Committee of the Whole, not
to be brought back to the House by motions to
reconsider.
DANIEL II. BINGHAM.
Mr. LONG, from the Committee of Claims,
reported back the petition of Daniel H. Bingham,
and asked that the committee be discharged from
the further consideration of the same, and that it
be laid on the table anil ordered to be printed.
It was so ordered.
M. L. STEVENS.
Mr. W1NDOM, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, reported a bill for the x-elief of Margaretta
L. Stevens, widow of General I. I. Stevens;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee of the Whole House on the
Private Calendar, and ordered to be printed.
.1. S. STICKNOR.
Mr. FARNSWORTH,from the Committee on
Military Affairs, made an adverse report in the
case of Captain J. S. Slicknor; which was laid on
the table, and oulered to be printed.
CHARLES ANDERSON.
Mr. SCHENCK, from the same committee, re-
ported back House bill No. 163, for the relief of
Chailes Anderson, assignee of John James, of
Texas; which was referred to the Committee of
the Whole House on the Private Calendar, and or-
dered to be printed.
ABRAHAM SNYDER.
Mr. SCHENCK also, from the same committee,
reported back the petition of Abraham Snyder,
asking compensation for wool machines, with the
recommendation that the same be referred to the
Committee of Claims.
The petition was so referred.
]5. J. WILLIAMS.
Mr. SMITH, from the Committee of Elections,
reported back the memorial of E. J. Williams,
asking for pay as Delegate, with the recommenda-
tion that the same be referred to the Committee of
Claims.
The memorial was so referred.
CALL OF THE STATES FOR 111SSOLOTIONS.
The SPEAKER stated the business next in
order to be the call of the Slates and Territories
for resolutions and the introduction of bills.
GENERAL M'CLKLLAN'S REPORT.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN submitted the following
resolution, and called the previous question on its
adoption:
Resolved, That the Committee on Printing ho, anil they
are hereby, instructed to order (lie printing of fifty thou-
sand additional copies of General George 13. McClclIan's
repoit, for the use of the IIou  e.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to lay the resolution
on the table.
Mr. FENTON. Does not that resolution go
to the Committee on Printing?
The SPEAKER. Tlic Clerk will read the lav/
on that subject.
The Clerk read, as follows:
"All motions to piint e,xtia copies of any bill, report, or
other document, shall he rofericd to the members of the
Committee 011 Printing from the House m which the same
may be made."
The SPEAKER. Under the law, as soon as
a resolution is ofierod in order for the printing of
additional copies of any document it must go to
the Committee on Printing. The resolution will
therefore be so referred.
SHOUT RATIONS.
Mr. ARNOLD introduced a joint resolution
providing for the payment to soldiers in the field
the value of short rations; which was read a first
and second time.
The joint resolution was read in full, as follows:
Resolved, $•(?.} That the act of Congress of August^, 1861,
providing that when the enumerated articles composing
the ration cannot be furnished in thequantity provided,and
when an equivalent in value in some other food cannot be
issued, then in such ca^e the equivalent in value shall be
placed to the credit of the soldier; so that when short ra-
tions are issued the value of such deficiency shall be placed
to the credit of the soldier receiving the sa'me, and be paid
to iuni with Ins wages, under such rules and regulations as
the Secretary of War may prescribe.
The joint resolution was? referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
CONFISCATION PROCEEDINGS.
Mr. FARNSWORTH submitted the follow-
ing resolution, and called the previous question on
its adoption:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be instruct-
ed to inquire into the piopri'Hy and expediency ofso amend-
ing the confiscation law as to make it the d.uty of district
< attorneys to institute proceedings against the propeity of
j traitor-* to the Government, upon complaint under oath of
! any citizen, showing cause for such proceeding.
! The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. FARNSWORTH moved to reconsider the
vote by whiclythe resolution was adopted; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on tho
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
B. P. FOX.
Mr. STUART submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That all the papers relating to the application
ofS. P. Fox for a pension be withdrawn from the files of
the House, and referred to the Committee on Pensions,
with instructions to Inquire Into the expediency of granting
the same, and report.
INVALID PENSIONERS.
Mr. ROSS submitted the following resolution,
and demanded the previous question on its adop-
tion:
Rcsoloed, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions be,
and they are hereby, instiucted to mquue into the expe-
diency of increasing the compensation paid to invalid pen-
sioners coriesponding with the enhanced expenses of living
and the. depreciation in the value of our national currency;
and that they report by bill or otherwise.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The resolution was adopted.
PAY OF VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. MORRISON submitted the following reso-
lution, and demanded the previous question on
its adoption:
Resolved, That the men who periled their lives in, as the
Chief Executive in hiMecentmessagc dechues,"many con-
flicts 011 both land and sea with varjmaresults," and when,
he further says, " hope and lear and doubtcontcnded in un-
certain conflict," aie no less moiitorious than aie they who
voluntarily enter the military service now, when, he tells us,
"the crws which threatened to divide the fnemls of the
Union is past;"5 nor are the saci ifices tnade.mdse.rvices ren-
dered hythe foimer in time ot their countiy's gie.itest need
entitled to a less compensation; that, therefore, the Commit-
tee on ftlihtaty Affairs aie imti ucted to inquire what legisla-
tion is necessary to secure to those who voluntatily euteied
the service under any lormei call for the tioops the same
pay, allowance, and bounty which is now offered and paid to
thove who enlist under the last calU'or voluntary enlistments;
and that they report by bill or otherwise.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The-resolution was adopted.
PAY OF ENROLLING OFFICERS.
Mr. ARNOLD introduced the following reso-
lution;which was lead,considered,and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be di-
rected to inquue what legislation is needed to enable the
enrolling officers to emoll the militia called out by older of
the President of the. United States, under the direction of
the Governors of the Kuue>,to get their pay ; and that they
report by bill or otherwise.
PROTECTION OF EMIGRANTS.
Mr. BOYD introduced a bill to aid in the pro-
tection'of emigrants tothcTerritones; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Military Aflfaiis.
HOMESTEAD ACT.
Mr. McCLURG introduced the following reso-
Jution;which was read,considered,and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands be, and
are hereby, instiucted to inquire into the expediency of so
amending the second section of an act to secure home-
stead5? to actual settleis on the public domain, approved
May 20, 18ti2, as to perinitthc person applying for the ben-
efit ot said act to make the necessary affidavit before the
clerk of any court of record or notaries public; andtore-
poit upon the same by lull or otherwise.
REPORT OF GENERAL E. B. BROWN.
Mr. KING introduced the following resolution :
Resolved, That the Fecietary of War be diiceted to lay
betoie the flouse the official lepoitof Drig.idiei Geneial C.
I). Rrown, of the department of Missouu, of hij military
opeiations in Octobei last against what was known as the
Shelbv rebel raid into Missouu.
Mr. SPALDING. I object.
The SPEAKER. The resolution, beingacali
on one of the Executive Departments, and objec-
tion being made, must, under the rules, lie over for
one day.
INTERCOURSE WITH INSURRECTIONARY STATES.
Mr, BLAIR, of Missouri, introduced the fol-
lowing resolution, on which he demanded the pre-
vious question:
Resolved, That a special committee be appointed by the
