2448
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24.
from being included In the valuation of the personal prop-
erty of puch person or corporation in the assessment ot all
taxes imposed by orunder State authoiityfor State, county,
or rnu tticipa! purposes, but not at gi eater rate I ban is assessed
upon other moneyed capital in the hands of individual eni-
7.0ns of.such State. And nil the remedies provided by State
laws for the collection of such taxes shall be applicable
thereto: Provided further, Tbut no tax shall be imposed
under the laws of any State upon the shaies in any ot the
associations authoiized by this act at aiate exceeding that
imposed upon the shares m banks organized under au-
thority of the State where such association is located:
Provided, aho, That nothing in this act shall exempt the
reaf estate of associations from either State, county, or
municipal taxes to the same extent, according to its value,
as other real estate is taxed.
Mr. HOLMAN. I raise the point of order on
the 110th rule, which I behove is the only one
applicable to the subject.
The Cleric read the rule, as follows:
" 110. No motion or pmposition for a tax or charge upon
the people shall be discussed the day on winch it is made
oroffered; and every such proportion shall receive its first
discussion in a Committee of the Whole House."
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indi-
ana [Mr. IIolman] makes the point of order
that the Senate amendment which has just been
read, being a tax upon national banks, is a tax
under the 110th rule of the House, and must be
considered in the Committee of the Whole on the
state^ of the Union. The Chair overrules the
point oforder, as he did when the bill was previ-
ously pending, before the House. The language
of tlwj 110th rule is that— #
" No motion or proposition for a tax or charge upon the
people shall bo discussed the day on which it is made 01
ofibied; and eveiy such pioposmon shall leceive its that
discussion m a Committee of the Whole House."
The 111th rule provides that—
" No sum or quantum of tax or duty, voted by a Com-
mittee of the Whole [louse, shall he increased in the
House until the motion or proposition lor -<uch iticrt'.is<
shall be first discussed and voted in a Committee of the
Whole House; and so in re&pecl to the time of its contin-
uance." •
The 111th rule applies to all taxes or duties,
whereas the 110th rule is limited by express lan-
guage to a specified kind of tax, a lax upon the
people. The Chair understands, and believes that
he is sustained by the former practice, that this is
not a charge or tax upon the people at large. One
or two illustrations may be given. Congress has
been in the habit of granting lands for railroads
with the provision that these railroads shall carry
troops and munitions of war of the United States
free of charge. That is in the nature of a tax
upon the railroad companies authorized by Con-
gress for curtain privileges granted. The Chan-
has examined the precedents, and such grants
have not been regarded as a tax or charge upon
the people requiring them to be considered in the
Committee of the W hole on the state of the Union.
These national banks are established by Con-
gress, and it is provided that they shall pay a tax
into the Treasury of the United States for privi-
leges conferred upon them, and the Chair does
not think that the provision is to be considered
as a charge upon the people.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then the Speaker docs not
regard rule 111 as applicable to this case?
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not.
Mr. HOOPER. I now demand the previous
question on the amendments of the Senate.
Mr. .T. C. ALLEN. I understand the gentleman
from Massachusetts to move to non-concur m all
the amendments of the Senate and to demand the
previous question. I desire to ask whether, if
the previous question is seconded, we may have
asepaiate vote on each amendment?
The SPEAKER. It will ho in the power of
any member of the House to demand a separate
vote.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. Will this motion,
if it prevails, cut olT all discussion upon these
amendments?
The SPEAKER. The previous question will
of course cut oil* discussion.
Mr. KERNAN. And all amendment?
The SPEAKER. And all amendment; a sep-
arate vote, however, may be had on each amend-
ment of the Senate.
Mr. HOLMAN. Will it be in order to move
to concur in any amendment?
The SPEAKER. The form of putting the
question is, Will the House concur in the amend-
ment?
Mr. BROOKS. I rise to make an inquiry. If
the previous question is sustained shall we be
allowed the same five minutes'debate which was
permitted in the House upon the legislative bill
yesterday ?
The SPEAKER. Not if the previous ques-
tion is sustained.
Mr. UPSON. Do I understand the Chair to
say that after the previous question is sustained
we can demand a separate vote upon each amend-
ment?
The SPEAKER. A separate vote can he de-
manded on each amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 demand tellers on second-
ing the previous question.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Holman and
3V{r. Fenton were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 64, noes 38.
So the previous question was seconded.
The question being on ordering the main ques-
tion to be put,
Mr. FENTON demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will appoint Mr.
Brooks, and Mr. Baldwin of Massachusetts.
Mr. BROOKS.' 1 decline to act as a teller in
the case, except by positive order of the House."
The SPEAKER. The Chair will then appoint
Mr. Morris, of Ohio.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes G4, noes 31.
So the main question was ordered to be put.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon the
motion to non-concur in the Senate amendments,
and ask for a committee of conference.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to lay the amend-
ments upon the table, and upon that 1 demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided in
tli£ negative—yeas 5G, nays 80; as follows:
YEAS— Me-sr^. James C. Allen, Aneona, Augustus C.
Baldwin, HI is*, Brooks, J.lines S. JJiou n,< 'h.tulei, Collioih,
Cox, Cmvi'iih, Dawson, Deni on. Kdeu. Kdgerinn, Bldudge,
Pmek,<2ruler, Hall, Hardnm, Hat 1 uuiton, Chailes W 11.ir-
ii*, llerriek, iiolmau, Hutching Philip Johnson, William
.lolniMiii, Kej nan, Kinu, Kn.ipp, J jaw , L.i/c.n, Luujj, Mal-
lory, Mawy, McDowell, Middlelon, James R. Moiri.s, iVel-
son, Noble, John O'Neill, Pendleton, Piuyn, Samuel J.
Randall, Kobin^on, Janun S. Kollin*. ttos>, Scott, John H.
Steele, William O. Steele, StiOu-e, Sweat, Wad-w.>r(h.
Wheeler, Joseph W. White, Fernando Wood, and Yea-
inaii—r>n.
NAYS—Messrs. AUev, Allison. Ames, Arnold. John 1>.
Baldwin, Beanmn, Blaine, Jaeoh P . Blair, BotuvvHI, Boyd,
llrandegee, Bioom.ill, William (J. Biown, Amhiose W.
'Clark, Fieeman Claike, Cobb, Cole, Henry Winter Davis,
Thomas T. Davis, Doming, Dixon, Donnelly, l)nggs,
r.liot, Farnswoith, Kenton, Gaiheld, Gooeh, Hooper,
Ilotchkisx, As-.ihel W. Iluhltaid, John H. Hubbard, ilnl-
buid, Jngei.soll, Jenekes, Julian, I-'nuiei* W. Kellogu, Or-
lando Kellogg, Liitlejolui, Donyvear, MeBride, Medium,
iMclndoe, Samuel V. Mtllei, Mooihead, Morrill, Amos
Myeis-, Leonard Myers, Cltatles O'iS'eiH, Orlli, Patterson,
IVih.un, Pike, Ponieioy, Pru e, William 11. Rand.til, Alex-
ander II. Kiee, John 11. Kiee, Kdward fl. llollms, St heitek,
Scoiield,Shannon, Sloan, .Smith, Smitheis, Spalding, Ste-
vens, Thayer, Thomas, Upson, Van Valkenbtirgh, ISSihu
B. Wuvhbume, William B Washburn, Webster, Whalov,
Williams, Wilder, Wilson, Windom,aud Woodhiidge—80,
So the House refused to lay the amendments
on the table.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the Pacific railroad bdi was re-
committed to the select committee.
The motion to reconsider was entered.
ENUOLLKD BILLS.
Mr. COBTS, from the Committee 011 Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and found
truly enrolled bills of the following titles; when
the Speaker signed the same:
An act (II. R. No. 300) for |he classification of
the clerks to paymasters 111 the JNavy, and gradu-
ating their pay •, and
An act (II. R.No. 15) to provide a temporary
government for the Temtory of Montana.
BANK BILL AGAIN.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 demand a separate vote
upon each Senate amendment.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will report the
amendments of the Senate.
First amendment of the Senate:
Pago 2. line foil 1 teen, stiike out the words Ck by and with
the advice and ooiwut of the Senate5' and mscit the words
u upon reasons to be communicated by him to the Senate;15
so that the clause will read:
He [the Comptroller of the Currency] shall be appointed
by the President, 011 the recommendation of the Seercttiry
of the Tieasury, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, and shall hold his office for the term of tive years
unless sooner removed by the President, upon leasons to
be communicated by him to the Senate.
Mi*. WASHBURN&, of Illinois, demanded
tellers upon the amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Wasiiburne, of
Illinois, and Mr. Noble, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported —
ayes 58, noes 41.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Second amendment:
Page 2, line thuty, strike out the words " freeholders
as" after the woid ".responsible," so that the clause will
read :
And lie [the Comptroller] shall give to the United State3
a bond 111 the penalty of $101),001), with not less than two
responsible sureties, &c.
The SPEAKER ordered tellers on the amend-
ment, and appointed Mr. Boyd and Mr.eldridge.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 48* noes 44.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. I move to re-
consider-the vote by which the House concurred
in the first amendment of the Senate.
Mr. WEBSTER. I move to lay that motion
on the table.
The motion was agreed to; and the motion to
reconsider was laid on the table.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to reconsider the vot R
by which the House concurred in the second
amendment of the Senate.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to*lay that
motion 011 the table.
The motion was agreed to; and the motion to
reconsider was laid on the table.
Third amendment:
Page 3, hue seven, insert"not necessarily hi the posses-
sion of engraver* 01 printers soihat the clause will road :
'J£hat {here shall be assigned to the Coiuptioller of the
Cuireney liy Hie Secretaiy of the Tieasuiy suitable 1001ns
in the Tiea->niy lmildnigtor conducting the imsnie.ss ot the
Cuncncy Buieau, in winch Miall be Mile and secure fue-
proof vaulf*, in winch it shall he the duty ot the Comp-
troller to deposit and vilely keep all the plates not nece sa-
riiv in the po-^e-sion ot engravers or pi inters, and other val-
uable thing's belonging to his depaitment, &e.
The amendment was concurred in.
Fourth amendment:
Page 5, line eight, after the word u particular" insert the
words " county and so that the clause will read :
Second. The place where its operations of discountand
deposit are to he carried on, designating the State, Tern-
toiy, 01 di«tuct, and al&o the particular county and city,
town, or village.
The amendment was concurred in.
Fifth amendment:
Page r>, line twenty, insert " such certificate with."
The amendment was concurred in.
Sixth amendment:
Paine page and elau--e, line twenty-one, alter the word
" notary" strike out *( and."
The amendment was concurred in.
The cla'uso, as above amended, reads as fol-
lows:
The said ceitificate shall be acknowledged before a judge
of some eouit of record or a notaiy public, and such eeitifi-
catc with the acknowledgment thereof authenticated by
the «e.il of such eouitor notary «?hnll In* transmitted to the
Comptroller ot the Currency, who shall re^nd ami eaie-
fully piesorve the same 111 his office.
Seventh amendment:
Page h, section ten, line six, after the word" State"in-
seit Temtory or district."
The amendment was concurred in.
Eighth amendment:
On same pace, «ame section, line nine, strike out " said
State'* and mseit u the same" in lieu thereof.
The amendment was concurred in.
Ninth amendment:
Same page and section, on line twenty-one, after the
word loan" strike oat the words " obtained from."
The amendment was concurred in. •
Tenth amendment:
Same page and section, on line twenty-two, strike out
the woids >l owing to the association of which he a di-
rector."
The amendment was concurred in.
The ninth section, as amended, reads:
Skc.9. Jln<l he it further enacted, That the affairs of every
association shall be managed by not ie<s ihan five dircet-
I ors, one of whom shall be the present. Every director
| shall, dining his whole teim of service, bo a citizen of the
I United States; and' at lean three fourths of the directors
' shall have resided in the State, Temtory, or district in
