1472
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7.
facilities for putting out fires in Washington weie
entirely inadequate to the exigencies of the case.
Mr. PATTERSON. Even if that were so,
sir, we find no reason tn it why a company should
be transported from Philadelphia here, and be
thrown as a public burden upon the Government
and paid out of the publicTreasury. It would be
far bettgr to organize an efficient corps of firemen
in this city; and, as I understand it, this fire
brigade was organized withoutlaw, simply under
the authority of the Secretary of War. Now I
apprehend it would be better to organize a fire
brigade, if you please, or a fire police, in the city
of Washington under law, and have the property
used by that fire brigade the property of the Gov-
ernment, as it will be if we appropriate this $4,000
for the purpose of securing a steam fire-engine.
The argument of the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Washburne] goes against all appropria-
tions; and I have been struck in the short ex-
perience 1 have had m this House with this fact,
that when a very small appropriation is called for
some matter of the utmostimportance, why then
there is great opposition to it; but if a ship canal
or a steamship, or something else that calls for
millions comes before the House, it is rushed
through here as a thing of the least importance;
then our economy looks to the appropriation of
those large amounts and we are called upon in the
name of patriotism to make the appropriation;
but when a man has an honest claim against the
Government, or some small appropriation like
this is called for, the economy of the House is
always brought up here against its passage.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Mr. Chair-
man, I think that this appropriation is entirely
unnecessary, and that m the present state of the
finances of the country the House would not be
justified in making it. I desire, however, to say
a word respecting thy merits of these companies.
The gentleman asks why this Philadelphia com-
pany came here. They came here at the wish of
the Secretary of War. They came here at a mo-
ment's notice. They came here preparad to do
their duty from the beginning to the end, and the
sequel has shown that they stand high in that re-
spect.
I repeat that this appropriation is not neces-
sary,and 1 think the bill ought nottopass. lam
perfectly willing to establishes far as we are able
to do so, uniform and exact regulations as to the
control of the fiie department of Washington,
but I am at the same time unwilling to send this
company into the fire department of Washington
with free foot to do as they please without rhyme
or reason.
As to the appropriation of the money, I have
nothing to say about that. If the majouty of the
House think that they can waste this amount of
money, they are welcome to do it. The respons-
ibility does not rest upon me, for I resist the
needless expenditure of this amount of money.
Mr.KELLEY. Mr. Chairman, I am opposed
to the hill now before the House granting this
money to the fire brigade or to the company
named; both to the original bill and to the amend-
ment. 1 am not going to discuss the merits of
the Philadelphia fire department, or of any other;
but I want to recur briefly to the condition of
things at the time at which that steam-engine was
introduced into the city of Washington. The
Government was aggregating here immense
quantities of military stores. The fire depart-
ment of the Distiict—whatever may be said of
the conduct of this particular company at the
time this Capitol was burning—-was certainly nei-
ther very complete in its apparatus nor very effi-
cient in the performance of its duties; and more
than that, there was great question as to what
might, under certain circumstances, be the fidel-
ity of the department. 1 had, shortly before that
time, seen one of the volunteer companies of the
District marched into the space in front of the
War Department to be sworn into the service of
the United States for the protection of this city,
and had seen more than half of them refuse to
take the oath. Out of a company of seventy-
eight men, forty rpfuspd to take the oath; and it
was not safe to leave the charge of the public
stores to a volunteer fire department made up very
much of the same materials that constituted those
volunteer companies. It was important that an
engine or engines more efficient than the little
hand engines of the District should be at hand.
The then Secretary of War procured a steam-en-
gine and an efficient company, and stationed it,
as I undeistand, where it is most convenient for
the protection of Government stores,which weie
in frame buildings, easily inflammable, which had
been constructed for the temporary shelter of
those stores.
I do not think it belongs to Congress to organ-
ize a fire department for the city of Washington.
I think that is a pretty important part of munici-
pal duty. 1 know that we of Philadelphia have
had as efficient a fire departmentas,perhaps, any
other citizens, and one that for a series of years
gave us as much trouble as any other organiza-
tion in that or any other city. I know thatafire
department, to be organized here, should be or-
ganized under municipal control, with adequate
restraints, and therefore I am opposed fo appro-
priating any money to any volunteer fire company.
But, on the other hand, remembering, as I do,
that the Government has here now from twenty
to forty million dollars of stores, I think it should
not be restricted to the one steam-engine that it
has here, but that it would be judicious, as a tem-
porary measure, to provide one or more addi-
tional ones. But that is a question for those who
have charge of the Government stores.
The [>oint that 1 want to impress on the House
is that I do not think we ought to organize a vol-
unteer fire department and give it a steam-engine.
And I do not think that we ought to give to what
is called the fire brigade here such a sum of money
to expend—for it is a mere temporary arrange-
ment—a body of men and an apparatus brought
here to be used by the Government during what
wc hoped would be a brief exigency.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Mr. Chair-
man, I would not trouble the committee with any
further remarks if it had not been for the lecture
that my distinguished fiicnd from New Hamp-
shire [Mr. Patterson] has read me, all in good
temper, and which I received in the same good
spirit. It was not necessary for the gentleman
from New Hampshire to tell me that any member
of the House who runs athwart private interests
*and the projects of individuals is not particularly
popular with parties interested, both out of this
House and in this House. The gentleman from
New Hampshire insinuated, rather than stated,
that while I could be very eloquent over these
small things I was very ready to vote for larger
appropriations; and he spoke of ship canals and
other measures. I believe I have not voted for
any ship-canal project this session of Congress,
and i presume I shall not vote for any for which
the gentleman himself will not vote when the
question comes up. And on the same principle
1 jslmil vote for that project as I have voted for
other military measures connected with the de-
fense of the country, and paiticularly on the At-
lantic coast. I am willing to leave to the country
my recoid in regard to all my votes on our ap-
propriations. 1 wish there were more gentlemen
to go with me m trying to stay some of these
wasteful and extravagant appropriations, even
some of the smallest, for it is these many small
appropriations that make, in the aggregate, a
large sum.
Mr. Chairman, let me go a little further. As
the gentleman has seen fit to lecture me in regard
to my course in resisting what 1 believe to be un-
necessary appropriations, I wish to ask him how
he has been found when these questions of appro-
piiations have been before us? 1 lemember some
of the votesgiven by my honorable friend. When
the naval appropriation bill was in Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, 1 attempted
to defeat the appropriation of $135,000 for the pur-
chase of a piece of property at the Charlestown
navy-yard. I opposed it first on the ground that
it was unnecessary, and secondly on the ground
that the sum named was enormous and extrava-
gant, and in fact that it was rcpoi ted to be a swin-
dle, as it has turned out to be since. The people
of Charlestown saw it to be a swindle and sent a
committee here to expose it. The gentleman from
! New Hampshire would not go with me in my
vain attempt to get the committee to strike it out,
but he voted, if I rightly remember, to keep it in
the bill. It was a little thing, only $135,000—a
mere bagatelle, and 1 "grew eloquent over it,"
as the gentleman would say, and he refused to
vote against the appropriation.
There was a bill before the House the other day
which will result, I undertake to say, in taking
$100,000 from the Treasury, to be paid into the
hands of some patent-right man, and the gentle-
man [Mr. Patterson] was found voting for that.
He went with the majority of the House, and the
majority of the House is, of course, much wiser
than I profess to be. I am willing to compare
records with my friend from New Hampshire in,
regard to these votes. I have been,unfortunately,
too longin Congress, and I know how these things
are brought here. I know the arguments; I know
the pressure; and I know how much easierit isto
yield and let all these matters go through than to
resist them. But I believe there is such a thing
as duty to the country in these times, and no mem-
ber of this House, who is rigid and persistent in
his opposition to every dollar of appropriation
which is not absolutely necessary, need have any
fear of his record when submitted to the scrutiny
of his constituents and the country.
But, sir, in these times, when Congress has ap-
propriated tens of millions, hundreds of millions,
yes, sir, thousands of millions, as we have since
this rebellion broke out, I would appeal to all the
membeis of this House as the guardians of the
rights and the pursesofthe people,that we should
guard still more vigilantly all the appropriations
that are to come before us. That is the platform
upon which 1 stand in all this matterof appropri-
ations, both great and small, and therefore oppose
this bill and all kindred bills.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I ask the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Dumont,] who is entitled to the
floor, to allow me to ask the gentleman from Illi-
nois a question.
Mr. DUMONT. I yield to the gentleman.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I want to ask the gentleman
if he has made his statement as a mere rhetorical
flourish, or whether we have actually appropri-
ated these thousands of millions of dollars? I
have been aware that the appropriations made by
this Congress were exceedingly large, but 1 did
not know how much we had appropriated. It
seems to me as if he had spoken the truth, but I
should like to knowfrom him whether it is really
the fact.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Itseems the
gentleman did not ask the question for informa-
tion, then.
Mr. DUMONT. Oh,Mr. Chairman, I cannot
agree to allow a triangular fight of this kind to go
on.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I merely
desire to say this: the gentleman from Wiscon-
sin has access to the records, and I have no doubt
without referring to them knows how many ap-
propriations he has voted for himself to carry on
the war and putdown the rebellion. He can per-
haps now state to the House and the country
how many appropriations lie has sustained to put
down Jeff. Davis's rebellion.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I believe I have voted for
them pretty much all, but can the gentleman tell
mellow much they amount to?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman, I piesume, would like to know; for I am
not aware that he has voted for a single appro-
priation or a single measure necessary ibr putting
down this rebellion.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I trust; that I
shall be permitted a single word. Charlestown
has not entered at all into the controversy, and I
must protest against that portion of the remarks
of the gentleman from Illinois which denounces
the appropriation of $135,000 in the navul ap-
propriation billforthepurchase ofland to increase
the usefulness of the Charlestown navy-yard as
a swindle. I do not believe there are any facts in
the possession of the gentleman from Illinois that
will justify him in making the declaiation here
that it was a swindle.
Mr. DUMONT. I really must go on with
what I was saying.
Tlie CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from In-
diana will proceed without interruption.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I hope the gen-
tleman will allow me to conclude what I was
saying.
Mr. DUMONT. Very well, go on.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I submit, sir,
that there was not one particle of evidence sub-
mitted either to the Committee of Way sand Means
or to the Committee on Naval Affairs, or to the
House of Representatives, from the time that bill ^
