1864
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
427
Speaker of the House, to con>i*t of five mcmbeif, with
authority to inquire into and report upon the practical op-
eration and results of the act of Congress regulating com-
mercial intercourse with the States declared to be in in-
surrection against the authority of the Government, and
whetherthe regulations of theTieaaury Department which
puiport to have been made in pursuance of said act, a« ear-
ned out by the Department, comply with its design. To
examine particulaily and report upon the manner in which
said act has been executed, and whether any frauds have
been practiced on the Government by the officers or agents
employed under said act, and whether any favoritism to
individuals or localities has been shown in its execution ;
and to inquire further whether the effect of said act andot
the said regulations of the Treasury Department has been
to prevent bupplies fiom reaching the rebels or to facilitate
the object. That said committee have power to send for
persons and papers and to employ a clerk, with the usual
amount of compensation, for the purpose oi reducing to
writing all testimony taken by said committee.
Mr. ELIOT. I move the reference of that reso-
lution to the Committee oil Commerce.
The SPEAKER. That is not in order; the
previous question having been called.
Mr. ASHLEY. I j ' 1 ' '
lution.
! propose to debate thereso-
The SPEAKER. The call for the previous
question cuts off debate.
On seconding the call for the previous question,
on a division there were—ayes 44, noes 63.
Mr. IIOLMAN demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Blair, of
Missouri, and Ashley, were appointed.
The previous question was not seconded; the
tellers having reported—ayes 60, noes 64.
Mr. ASHLEY. I propose to debate the reso-
lution.
The SPEAKER. It goes over, then, under the
rules.
national armory.
Mr. KELLOGG; of Michigan, introduced the
following resolution, on which he demanded the
previous question: i
Resolved, That a select committee of seven be appointed
to inquire into the evpediency and propnety of establishing
a national armoiy at some point west of the Alleghany
mountains; and that they have leave to report by bill or
*  therw^e.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the resolution was adopted.
donations to female colleges.
Mr. LONGYEAR introduced a hill donating ,
public lands to the State of Michigan for the en- I
dawment of female colleges in said State; which 1
was read a first and second time, and referred to i
the Committee on Public Lands.
indian outrages in "wisconsin. ;
Mr. MclNDOE introduced the following reso- !
lution; which was read, considered, and agreed to: ;
Whereas the settles of the noithem counties of the State j
of Wisconsin have been mossly outraged lately by roving 1
stray bands ot Winnebago and Pottawatomie Indians:
Therefore,
Resolved, That the Committee on Indian Affairs be re- j
quested to inquire into the necessity of piovidtng for the le- I
moval of said Indian* at an eatly day; and report by bill or
otherwise.
surveyor general of iowa, etc.
Mr. McINDOE also introduced the following
resolution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Whereas the surveys in the surveyor general's district
comprising the States of Iowa and Wi^eon-in are nearly
completed: Therefore,
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands beie-
quested to inquite into the expediency of providing I'oi the
butvejs in said district with the view of discontinuing the
offiee; and report by bill or otherwise.
conscription.
Mr.ELDRIDGE submitted the following reso-
.ution, on which he demanded the previous ques-
tion ;
Whereas all con-cuption or oth'u toiced service of the
citizen to the State is contiaiy to the genius and punciph-s
■A republican government and opposed to the puncinle> ot
seif'-goveintiieiil, which is the tiuc ba-®M pt the American
Republic; and whtneas the laws for eon^ciipting or drafting
citizens into the military service of the United Slate- have
thus fai proved, if not an entue failine, at least ineffectual
for the supplying to the Government the necessary number
of men requisite for the military service m putting down
the rebellion; and whereas the principles of equity and
justice require in a Government like ours, founded on the
will of the majonty, that the burdens of maintaining and
preserving it should fall alike and equally upon all and
every of the citizens, the rich as well as the poor, in propor-
tion to their ability to bear the same ; and whereas the nnl-
itaiy is a profession to which men are called as well from
the inducements of personal gain and family advantage as
fiom motivca of patriotism and hopes offutuiefame: There-
to! e,
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be, and
they ate hereby, iusuucied to examine and inquiremine-
duuely into the piopiiety and expediency of repealing or
suspending, so fat as any future or further draft is concerned,
all acts and paits ot acts authorizing or empowering the
conscripting oi drafting of, or m any way forcing the citi-
zen into the military service of the country, either m put-
ting down rebellion or otherwise, and in lieu thereof pro-
viding by law for and authorizing the President of the United
State* from time to time, and as he may deem it expedient
and necessary, to offer the payment of such sum or sums
of money foi volunteeis in bounties or monthly payments,
or otherwise, as may be best to induce enlistments andse-
cure such moneys to the soldier and his family, and as will
secure just so many and just such men as may be requisite
or necessaiv to put down the rebellion and restore the su-
premacy of the Constitution; and that said committee do
lepoit by bill.
Mr. STEVENS moved that the resolution be
laid upon the table.
Mr. ELDRIDGE demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 84, nays 42; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Arnold, Ashley,
John D. Baldwin, Baxter, Beaman, Fiancis P. Blair, Ja-
cob B. Blair,Blow, Boutwell, Boyd, Bioomall, William G.
Brown, Ambiose W. Clark, Fiernian Clarice, Cobb, Cole,
Cicsvvell, Thomas T. Davis, Dawe**, Ocming, Driggs,
JShot, Fainswoi th, Fenton, Gooch, Grider, Grinnell, Iligby,
Tlooper,Hotel)kiss, A-ahel W. Hubbard* John H. Hubbard,
Hulburd, Ilutchins, Julian, Kasson, Francis W. KelIo««r,
Oilando Kellogg, Longyear, Marvin, MeBiide, McClurg,
Mctndoe, Samuel F. Miller, Moorhead, Morrill, Daniel
Moms, Amos Myeis, Lconaid Myeis, Norton, Charles
O'Neill, Oi th, P.itterson, Pciham, Pomeroy, Piicc, Alex-
ander II Bice, John IT. Uiee,Hdwaid II. Rollins, Schenck,
Scofield, Shannon, Sloan, Smith, Spalding, Stevens,
Thajet, Thoma-, Tracy, Upson, Van Vaikenbuigh, Wads-
woith, ElihuB. Wat-hbuine, William B. Washburn, Web-
ster, Whalev, Williams, Wilson, Windom, WooiUmdge,
and Yeaman—84.
NAYS—Mc-.bi^. James C. Allen, William J. Allen. An-
cona, Angu-stu^ C. Baldwin, Bhs^Coffioth, Dawson, Den-
nibon, Eden, Edgeiton, Ekhidge, Finck, Hall, Hamngton,
Knapp, Law, Lazear, Long, Maicy, McDowell, McKin-
ncy, Middleton, William ^IF. Miller, James R. Morris,
Monison, Noble, John O'Neill, Pendleton, Perry, Prnyn,
Samuel J. Randall, Robinson, Rogeis, Ross, Scott, John
B. Steele, Stiles, 31 route, Stuatt, Su eat, Chilton A. White,
and Joseph W. White—4±
So the resolution was laid upon the table.
Dining the vote,
Mr. STEELE, of New York, stated that his
colleague, Mr. Stebbins, was detained from the
House by illness.
The vote was then announced as above re-
corded.
enlistment 01? colored persons.
Mr GRINNELL introduced the following res-
olution, on which he demanded the previous ques-
tion:
Whriea*- the war policy ofthe Government having hi ought
into tin; military ssetvice a- soldiers and laboreis tree eol-
oiod men and persons claimed to beheld by rebels, who
have lendei ed invaluable -set vice to the Army; and wheieas
the moie extended employment and enlistment ot colored
pei.Mins will be a tehef to our northern soldiers, unaff-
iliated and unused to manual labor, and lessen the number
to In, taken fiom theii home> and fiom the industrial pur-
suit^ in the Union States wheie tbcic ^ now an unusual
demanil lor lahoi : Therefoie,
1 ResoUcd, That a more vigorous policy to enlist at fin
I early day and in latgei numbers in our Army persons of
j Afutan descent would meet the .tppiobation of tin.-, House.
I Mr. STILES. 1 move to lay the preamble and
i resolution on -the table.
! The House divided; and there were—ayes 35,
; noes G3
! Mr. STILES. I propose to debate the resolu-
: Hon.
j TheSPEAKER. Thegentlemanhasdemanded
! the previous question.
| Mr. STILES. Then I demand the y^as and
1 nays on the motion to lay the resolution on the
table. f
The yeas and nays were ordeied.
The question was put; and it was decided in the
■ negative—yeas 50, nays 75; as follows:
' YEAS—Mes*t> Jamc-8 C. Allen, William J. Allen, An-
eona, Augusiu-s C. Baldwin, Bli<s, Chauler. Clay, Cravens,
Tic Iny Witit'M Davi-f, Dawson, Dennison,Eden. Edgeiton,
Mldiiilgp. I'lnek, Can-on, Cuder, Jlnh', ILill, Nsuding, llar-
1 iniiton, Benjamin C. Harris, Ilolman, Kernan, King,
J Knapp. Law, Long, Maicy, McAllister, McDowell, Wil-
liam II. Milieu Morruon, Noble, John O'Neill, Periy,
Piuvn, Samuel J. Randall, Robinson. Rogers, Ross, Scott,
1 John B. Steele. Sulet, Stiouse, Stuart, Sweat, Wadsworth,
' Chilton A. White, and Yeaman—oO.
! NAYS— Met-rtf Alley, Allison, Ai nold, Ashley, John D.
1 Baldwin. Baxter, Beaman, Francis P. Blah, Jacob B. Blair,
i Blow, Boutwell/Boyd, Brandegee, Bioomall. Ambrose W.
1; Clark. Cobb, Cole, Cie&well, Thomas T. Davis, Dawes,
,t Dri^, Eliot, Farnswoith, Garfield, Grinnell, Higby,
• j Hooper, Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard, John I£. Hubbard,
i! Hulburd, Julian. Kasson, Francis W. Kellogg," Oilando
Kellogg, Longyear, Marvin, McBride, McCIurg, Mclndoe,
Samuel F. Miller,Moorhead,Morrill,Daniel Morris, Amos
Myers, Leonard Myers, Norton, Charles O'Neill, Orth,
Patterson, Perham, Pomeroy, Price, Alexander H. Ricc,
John H.Rice, Edward H.Rollins,Schenck,Scpfield,Shan-
non, Sloan, Smith, Spalding, Stevens, Thayer, Tnomas,
Upson, Van Yalkenburgh,ElihuB. Washburne, William B.
Washburn, Webster, Whaley, WilliamsJ WiIson,Windom,
and Woodbridge—75.
So the resolution was not laid on the table.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. ASHLEY stated that Mr. Lovejoy wa^
quite unwell, and confined to his room in conse*
quence thereof.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. HARRINGTON called for the yeas and
nays upon the passage of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 80, nays 46; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Arnold, Ashley, John
D. Baldwin, Baxter, Beaman, Blaine, Francis P. Blair,
Jacob B. Blair, Blow, Boutwell, Boyd, Brandegee, Broom-
all, William G. Brown, Ambrose W. Clark, Freeman
Claike, Cobb, Cole, Creswell, Henry Winter Davis, Thomas
T. Davis, Dawes, Deming, JDngjrs, Eliot, Farnsworth, Fen-
ton, Garfield, Grinnell, Higby, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Asahel
W. Hubbard, John H. Hubbard, Hulburd, Julian, Kellcy,
Fiancis W. Kellogg, Oilando Kellogg, Longyear, Marvin,
MeCluig, Mclndoe, Samuel F. Miller, Moorhead, Morrill,
Daniel Morns, Amos Myers, Leonard Myers, Norton,
Charles O'Neill, Orth, Patterson,Perham, Pomeroy, Price,
Alexander H. Rice, John H. Rice, Edward II. Rollins,
Schenck, Scofield, Shannon, Sloan, Smith, Spalding, Ste-
vens, Thayer, Thomas, Upson, Van Valkenburgh,Elihu B.
Washburne, William B. Washburn, Webster, Whaley,
Williams, Wilson, Windom, and Woodbridge—80.
NAYS—Messrs. James C. Allen, William J. Allen, An-
cona, Clay, Cravens, Dawson, Dennison, Eden, Edgerton,
Ekiridgc, Finck, Grider, Hall, Harding, Harrington, Ben-
jamin G. Harris, Holnmn, Kernan, King, Knapp, Law,
Lazeai, Long, Marcy, McAllister, McKinney, William H.
Millei, Morrifcon, Noble, John O'Neill, Pendleton, Perry,
Piuyn, Samuel J. Randall, Robinson, Rogers, Ross, Scott,
John B Steele, Stiles, Strouse, Stuart, Sweat, Wadsworth,
Chilton A. White, and Yeaman—46.
So the resolution was adopted.
The question recurring on the adoption of the
preamble,
$[r. GRINNELL demanded the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the preamble was agreed to.
Mr. GRINNELL moved to reconsider the votes
by which the resolution and preamble were sev-
erally agreed to; and also moved to lay the mo-
tion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE PROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message from the President, by Mr. Nico-
lay , his Pnvate Secretary, announced that he did,
on the 29th ultimo, approve and sign an act (H.
R. No. 33) making appropriations for the pay-
ment of invalid and other pensions of the United
States for the year ending the 30th of June, 1865.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Has the morning hour
expired ? s
TheSPEAKER. It has.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then I call for the
regulai order of business.
grade of lieutenant general.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the consideration of the joint resolution
(H. R. No. 26) reviving the grade of lieutenant
general in the United States Army, reported from
the Committee on Military Affairs, and postponed
until to-day after the morning hour. The first
question is on the amendment reported from the
Committee on Military Affairs.
j! The original resolution was read, as follows:
; I Be it enacted by the Scnaleand House of Rejnci>cntutiies
of ike United Stales ojjimcrica in Cnngrm ancmbLed, That
' the {rradc of lieutenant general be, and* the same is hereby,
j' revived in the Aimy ot the United States; and tile Presi-
'' dent is heioby authorized, whenevei he'-hall deem it ex-
' pedient, to appoint, bv and with the advice and consent of
'! the Senate, a commander of the At my, to be selected, dur-
■ i me wai, from among iho.se olheer.-, not below the made of
1 major general, of the regut u Army or of volunteers most
; di-unguihlied by courage, s-kill, and genius in their profes-
i' sion, and who, being commissioned as lieutenant general.
, j may be authorized to command the armies of the (Jmtea
!' Stales.
Sue. 2. *.%nd be it fwither enacted, That the lieutenant
| general, appointed as hereinbefoie ptovided, shall be enti-
tied to the pay, allowances, and staff specified m the fifth
ii section of the act approved May 28,1798j and also to the
! i allowances described in the sixth section ot the act ap-
l j pioved August 23,184-2, granting additional rations to cer-
!! tain ofticer^.
il The amendment in the nature of a substitute,
