2450
THE OOJSTG-KESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
Icr: and a duplicate signed by the Treasurer shall be re-
gained-by the association.
Twenty-eighth amendment:
Page 23, section twenty-six, line twenty, after the word
"Comptroller," insert:
Upon the terms prescribed by the Secretary of the Trcas^
ary,may permit an exchange to be made of any of the bonds
deposited with the Treasurer by an association for oilier
bonds of the United States authorized by this act to be re-
ceived as security for circulating notes, if he shall be of
opinion that such an exchange can be made without preju-
dice to the United States, and ho.
Mr. KERNAN called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Harding
and McClurg were appointed.
- The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 70, noes 23.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Twenty-ninth amendment:
Same page and section, line thirty-five, strike out the
worda "shall not dimmish" and inseit in lieu thereof the
word "that."
Tite nmnndment was concurred in.
Thirtieth amendment:
Page 24, same section, hue tlurty-seyen, alter the word
"Tieasurer" inseit the woids *4shall not beuliminished."
The amendment was concurred in.
The section, as amended, reads:
Sec. 26. v9n/i be it farther enacted, That the bondstrans-
ferred to and deposited with the Ticasuter of the United
States, as hereinbefore provided, by any banking associa-
tion for the security ot a* ciicnlating notes, shall beheld
exclusively for that purpose, until such notes shall he le-
deemed, except as provided in this act; but the Comphol
lor oi the Curiency shall give to any such baukmga-.-.ocia-
tion powerg of attorney to reeeive and appropuate to its own
Use the hitciest on the bonds which it shall have so trans-
ferred to the Treasuier; but such powers shall become in-
operative whenever such banking association shall Jail to
redeem its circulating notes as aforesaid. Whenever the
maibet or cash* value of any bonds deposited with the
Treasurer of the United States, as alorebivid, shall be re-
duced below the amount of the circulation issued for the
same,the Comptroller of the Currency ishereby authorized
to demand and receive the amount of such depreciation in
other United States bunds at eaMi value, or m money, fiom
the association receiving snid bills, to he deposited with the
Treasurer of the Untied States as longas such depreciation
continues. And bald Comptrollei, upon the terms pie-
Miibed by the Seen-1 ny ot the Tt ea-ury, nuiy pei nut an
exchange to he made oi auv ot tlic bond- deposited with the
Treufiuei iiy an association toi othei bond-* of the United
Suites nuihoiizt d by this act to be received a*security lor
ehcuinting nmt"., It he shall be of opinion that such an ex-
change can be made without piojiuhec to the United States,
and he may direct the leturn oi any of ^aid bonds to the
banking association which tianskrred the same, in sums
of not less than one thousand doliais, upon thcsuirender
to him and the cancellation of a piopoiuonate amount of
such circulating notes: I'rovulcd, That the remaining bon4s
wiiieh shall have been transferred t>y the banking associa-
tion offering to snuclider osculating notes sdiall be equal to
the aiuount requited for the circulating notes nof sunen-
deied by such banking a^-oclation, and lhal the amount of
bond* in the handsoi the TieaMiivrsliall notbcdiminished
below the amount loqnued to be kept on deposit with him
by this act: vl)iJ jpi voided, That then: shall have been no
failure by Mich association to redeem Us circulating notes,
ntul no oilier violatioiLjiy such association of the provisions
•of this aet, and that the maiket or etuh value ot the re-
maining bimdo *hall not be below the amount icquiied for
the circulation issued lor the same.
Thirty-first amendment:
Page *M, see tt«n twenty-'-even, line eleven, aft or the word
" year1' stiikeout " or " and insert in lieu llieieof the word
'•anilso a- to make the clause lead :
And any ollieei who shall violate the provisions of this
section shall be deemed guilty of a high misdemeanor, and
on conviction theioof sliall he punched by fine not e*
ceediug double the amount so couutcifigued and delivmed,
and impugnment not less than one year and not exceed-
ing fifteen yean*, at the disci etion of the com t in which he
shall be tiled.
The amendment was concurred in.
Thirty-second amendment:
rage 25,section twenty-eight, line «evcn,strike out " for
loans made by such association in the usual course of its
hanking business, or for money due thereto," and insert in
keu tbeieof the words u tor debts previously conducted
so us to make the clause read.
Second. Such as shall be mortgaged to it in good faith
by way ot security foi debts pieviou-iy conti acted.
On concurring in the amendment, JG voted in
the affirmative and 57in the negative; no quorum.
The SPEAKER ordered tellers; and appointed
Messrs Garfikld, and Brown of Wisconsin.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
nyjjs G3, noes 31.
So I he amendment was concurred in.
Thirty-third amendment:
Pajje S3, section twenty-eight, line seventeen, add " nor
shall it hoh/ the possession of any real estate under mort-
gage, or hold the title and possession of any real estate
purchased to si.em e a;>y debts duo to it, for a longer period
than five yeats-;5" n  as tq maj:e tjie elnuse read:
^ueh .'iw«'}a:n>ti ->h«{i not ptiifhast or l;o!d >eal estate
in any other ease or for any other purpose than as specified
in this section. Nor shall it hold the possession of any
real estate under mot tgage, or hold the title and possession
of any real estate purchased to secure any debts due to it,
for a longer period than five years.
The amendment was concurred in.
Thirty-fourth amendment:
Page 06, section thirty, line four, strike out of the clause
"that every association may take, receive, reserve, and
charge on any loan or discount made, or upon any note,
bill of exchange, or other evidences of debt, interest at a
rate not exceeding seven per cent, per annum," the words
"a rate not exceeding seven per cent, per annum" and in-
seit m lieu thereof as follows:
The rate allowed by the laws of the State or Territory
where the bank is located, and no more, except that where
by the laws of any State a differentiate is hunted for banks
of issue organized under State laws, the rate so limited
shall be allowed for associations organized in any such
State under this act. And when no rate is fixed by the
laws of the State or Territory, the bank may take, receive,
reserve, or charge a rate not exceeding seven per cent.
The House divided on the amendment; and
there were—ayes 42, noes 50.
Mr. STEELE, of New Jersey, demanded tell-
ers.
Mr. NOBLE demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 67, nays 52; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Anoona, Arnold, Au-
gustus C. Baldwin, lleaman, Jacob B. Blair, Bliss, Broom-
all, James S. Biown, William G. Brown, Colfroth, Colo,
Cox, Ciavens, Dawson, Demson, Eden, Edgerton, Eldridge,
Finck,Giider,Grinnc!l,(jrtswold, Hall,Harrington, Chailes
IS!. Hams, Iieirick, Holmnn, Ilotehkiss, Asahol W. Hub-
baid, William Johnson, Knnpp, Law, Larear, Long, Mat-
lory, Marcy, McDowell, Mclndoe, IVIiddleton, James U.
Moiris, Moirisnu, Amos Myers, Noble, John O'Neill, Oith,
Peiham, Pike, Puce, Samuel J. Randall, William II. Ran-
dall, lloss, Sloan, Smith. Smtthers, William G. Steele,
Strouse, Tracy, Up^on, Van Valkcnburgh, Wadsworth,
Wheeler, Joseph W. White, Williams, Windom, and
Fernando Wood—G7.
NAYS—-Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, John D. Baldwin,
Baxter, Boutwell, Bojd, Ambiose W. Clark, Freeman
Clatkc, Cobb, Ilemy Winter Davis, Thoma_s T. Davis,
Demmg, Dixon, Driggs, Eckley, Eliot, Farnswortb, Fen-
ton, Gaiiteld, Cooch, Hooper, John 11. Hubbard, Uulburd,
Im*eisoll, Jenekos Julian, (Carson, Kelley, Fianeis W.
KcIIolv, Orlando Kellogg, Keman, Littiejohn,Loan, liong-
year, McClmg, Samuel F. Miller, Leonard Myers-, Charles
O'Neill, Alexander II. Utec, Sehenck, Seotield, Shannon,
Spnldmg, Stevens,Thayer,Tiiomas-, Elihu B. Wa-hburne,
William B. Washburn, Wcb.-tcr, Wilder, and Wilson—32.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Thirty-fifth amendment:
Page 28, section thnty-one, line nineteen, after the words
li eiieuhuion and " strike out the word "itsso as to make
the clause read:
Nor moke any dividend of its profits until the required
proportion between the aggregate amount of if outstand-
ing notes of circulation and deposits and its lawful money
of the United Suites shall be lestored.
The amendment was concurred in.
Thirty-sixth amendment:
Same page and section, line twenty-seven, after the
word "Albany" hifeit the woul " Leavenworth so as
to make the clause read :
Provided, That three fifths of said fifteen per cent, may
consist of balances due to an association available tor the
redemption ol its circulating notes hom associations ap-
proved by the Comptroller ot the Cuirency, oiganized un-
der this act, in the cities of St. Louis, LouihVille, Chica-
go, Detroit, Milwaukee, New Oilcans, Cincinnati, Cleve-
land, Pittsburg,Baltimore, Philade!phia,Boston,New Yoi k,
Albany, Leavenwoith, San Fianci.sco, and Portland.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Thirty-seventh amendment:
Same page and section, line twentv-elght, strike out the
wotds " and Poi timid" and insert in lieu thereof the woids
" Bnlfalo and Piovaleiice, Rhode Inland."
Mr. STEVENS, The House have so amended
the bill as to destroy its value. I move lo lay the
Senate amendments on the table.
Mr. MALLORY. Will that carry the whole
bill with it ?
The SPEAKER.
Mr. HOLMAN.
upon the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STEVENS. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I renew it.
Mr. HOLMAN. I demand the yeas and nays
upon the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 55, nays 72; aa follows:
YEAS—Me-jsrs. James C. Allen, Ancona, Augustus C.
Baldwin, Bliss, f.rooks, James S. Brown, Chanler, Cof-
fioth, Cox, Cravens,Dawson, Denison, Eden, Edgerton,
Eldridge, Fiuck, Gridei, Gnswold, Hall, Hauling, Harring-
ton, Benjamin G. Harris, Charles M. Harris, Herrick, Hol-
mau, Philip Johmon, William Johnson, Kalbfteish, Ker-
nan, King, Knapp, Law. (.az^ar, T^ong, Mallory, Marcy,
It will.
I call for the yeas and nays
McDowell,Middleton, JamesR. Morris, Moirison, Noble,
John O'Neill, Orth, Fiuyn, Rndford, Robinson, Ro^s. Wil-
liam G. Steele, Stevens, Wadsworth, Waul, Wheeler,
Joseph W. White, Fernando Wood, and Yeaman— o5.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Arnold, John D.
Baldwin, Beainan, Boutwell, Boyd, Broomall, William G.
Brown, Ambrose W. Clark, Freeman Clarke, Cobb, Colo,
Henry Winter Davis, Thomas T. Davis, Dixon, Driggs,
Eckley, Eliot, Farnswortb, Fenton, Garfield, Gooch,Grin-
nell, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Asabel W. Hubbard, John H.
Hubbard, Ilulbuid, ingersoll, Jenckes, Julian, Ka>son,
Kelley, Francis W. Kellogg, Orlando Kellogg, Littlejohn,
Longyear, McClurg, Mclndoe, Samuel P. Miner, Moor-
head, Morrill, Amos Myers, Leonard Myers, Charles
O'Neill, Perham, Pike, Pomerov, Price, William II. Ran-
dall, Alexander H. Rice, John H. Rice, Sclienek, Shannon,
Sloan, Smithers, Spalding, Thayer, Thomas, Tracy, Up-
son, Van Valkenbuigh, Elihu B. Washhurne, William 13.
Washburn, Whaley, WillianH, Wilder, Wilson, Windom,
Winfie!d,and Woodbudge—72.
So the bill was not laid on the table.
On the thirty-seventh amendmentthe vote stood
—ayes 23, noes 56; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER oidered tellers; and appointed
Mr. Spalding and Mr. Ancona.
The House again divided; and the tellers re-
ported—a*yes thirteen; a further count not being
demanded.
So the amendment was non-concurred in.
Mr. COX. I ask the unanimous consent of the
House to have read a letter from Dr. Andrews,
president of the board of control of the State Bunk
of Ohio, stating what will be the consequence of
passing this bill.
Mr. ORTH. I object. We have all read the
letter.
Mr. COX. I ask consent, then, that the letter,
with the note of Dr. Andrews to me, may appear
in the Globe.
There was no objection.
The letters referred to are as follows:
Cot.umbus, May 21, 1864.
Dear Sir : I take the liberty of requesting you to pre-
sent the annexed petition to the House of Representatives,
and it It meets your views, asl hope it may, of} our cooper-
ation in effecting its object.
Yours, truly, J- ANDREWS, Pt esident.
Hon. S. S. Cox.
To the Honorable Senate and House of Representatives of
the United Slates of Jlrnnxca^m Congress assembled:
The petition of the undersigned on behalf of the board
of control of the State Bank of Ohio, and by its instruc-
tions, respectfully showeth:
That the bill now pending before your honorable bodies,
proposing to levy a tax on the circulating notes of banks
created by and acting under the authority of the several
States, sufficient, as is intended, to expel the same from
existence, will, if parsed by Congress, be peculiarly op-
pressive to the interests of this institution, unjust and re-
troactive in its operation, and imposes a penalty lor that
which cannot now be avoided by any course the bank can
pursue, and therefore not in conformity with the spirit of
the past legislation of Congress.
The State Bank of Ohio is a corporation acting under (lie
authority of a law of the State of Ohio. It consists ot a
central body oi corporation known as the board of control
of the Stale Bank of Ohio, ami of thnty-six branch banks
located m the principal cities and towns ot the State,
Amonfc the powers confcned upon it, and, in (act, one of
the main object* of its creation, was the right to issue a
limited amount of circulating notes, in order to supply a
gn at business necessity to the people of Ohio, a sound and
sate ciiculalitig medium, guarded and protected by such
Rectnities as were adequate to insure this end. It is now
claimed that the exercise of this privilege conflicts with the
financial intciosts and policy of the United States, and the
object and design of the pending bill is to suppiess it, by
imposing a penalty to its exercise, under the designation of
a tax. To the payment of any just and equal tax on its
property which Congiess may deem expedient and proper
to lay, as a means of levenuc, and for the support of the
Government, jour petitioner not only does not object, but
declares that t-uch tax has been and will be promptly paid;
and theie is not only no claim but no desire on the part of
those whom your petitioner represents to exemption from
an v such measure. But the bill now pending is not presented
as a revenue measure, but in the nature ot a penalty, with
sA view to suppress the issue of bank notes under the authoi-
itv of the seveial States. Even this would not he objected
to if it applied only to the issue of suon notes made subse-
quent to the passage of the act; it is its retroactive opera-
tion that is felt to be unjust and oppressive, because una-
voidable. The State Bank of Ohio is now, and has been
for two yeats, withdrawing its cuculating notes as fast as
can be done in a regular business way, as the following
facts show:
Its outstanding circulation, being the aggregate circula-
tion ofits thirty-six branches, was—
On the 1st Monday of April, 1889 $8,104,f>00
c. fc; u u ]bli3 6.03U,416
a t( c< << 1864,....   5,.)12,685
Reduced from April, 1862, to April, 1884 2,091.815
a   1803, " 1804  1,117,731
When the issue of these notes was made, it \va< not only
a lawful act on the part of the banks, but deemed tor the in-
terest and security of the people of Ohio m their business
transactions to do so. The bank was created in 1845. The
issue of notes began in that year. Foi along while they
constituted the principal circulating medium of the vve-teni
