1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must remind the
gentleman that it is not in order to call members
by name.
Mr. BOYD. I have not another word to say.
Mr. ROWS. I desire n ow to offer my amend-
ment.
Mi'. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand
the previous question.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 hope the gentleman will
not insist on that.
Mr. WASHBURNE, oflllinois. Does thegen-
tleman want to speak on this bill?
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to be heard for about
five minutes.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 will yield
for that purpose, and then 1 hope the gentleman
will go with me for the previous question. I de-
sire that the House will come to a vote upon this
question. I presume the House does not desire
to hear discussion upon it. A special order has
been set for a later hour in the day, and I trust
this matter will be disposed of before that comes
up. I have no desire, however, to cutoff discus-
sion, and if the gentleman from Pennsylvania de-
sires to be heard I will yield the floor to him.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Ross] is entitled to
the floor. The Chair has recognized no call for
the previous question.
Mr. ROSS. I submit the following amend-
ment:
And that we respectfully recommend the appointment of
Major Geneial U. S. Giant for the position of lieutenant
general.
I understand that my colleague desires that
amendment to come in."
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. My col-
league's amendment is now in, and a vote will
be taken on it.
Mr. STEVENS. I have one word to say, as
I intend to vote against the bill, and desire that
it shall be disposed of as expeditiously as possi-
• ble.
In the first place, I can see no use in it. By
the law, as it now stands, the President has the
right to appoint any man he chooses as com-
mander-in-chief of the Army—I mean any man of
proper grade. If the present General-in-Chief does
not discharge the duties of his office satisfactorily,
the President has full power,and has had for the
past two years, to appoint another m his place.
There is, therefore, no necessity for this hill,un-
less it is proposed to ccnsure the President by
it for not doing that. Well, sir, whatever i may
think of General Halleck and of the propriety of
appointing anotberman m his place, I am not will-
ing in this way to censure the President for his
comse. That is my first reason.
In the next place, I desire to know why it is, if
a lieutenant general is to be appointed to manage
the affairs of the Army during this war, that the
choice of the President is limited to the giade of
major generals of the Army? If there are other
men of a lower grade who aie superior in the opin-
ion of the President to all the major geneials, give
him an opportunity to select from ail the officers j
the one he may deem most meutonous. Nay,sir,
if there is a man hi civil life, who from his gieat
capacity, his intellect and h is power, may be more
fit in the opinion of the President than any man in
the Army, let the President select him.
When this question was agitated many years
ago in Congress, it was supposed a man would
have been selected by Geueial Jackson from civil
life if the law had been passed; and as a matter of
principle I see no impropriety in giving the Pres-
^ ident the power to select fiom any profession the
man he may deem the most fit. 1 do not think
that it is proper, if it is intended metely as
honor, I am willing to vote any resolution of
thanks to any geneial,successful or unsuccessful,
who has fought patriotically duiing this war. If
it is intended simply as an act of honor, as was
done with Geneial Scott, who had only a brevet
rank, no thing else, as amai k of distinction, carry-
ing with it no emoluiiK nts, I am willing to vote it.
But I think that we had better wait before we
decorate this hero until this war is over, it did
not use 10 bo the fashion to canonize saints until
they were dead. That was the old fashion.
Therefore, otherwise than as a matter of honor,
I am not prepared to vote for it. I think as high-
ly of the general pointed out by the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Farnswohtii,] I think as
highly of him as a military man as any other'
member, and 1 feel as grateful to him; but I know
very well that the reputation of a general depends
upon his success. The loss of a battle is often
the loss of reputation, sometimes, perhaps, with-
out justice, Bui whether justly or not, it is al-
ways so. Let us wait a lit'le.
_ Now, Mr. Speaker, as the President has the
right to appoint anybody else than the present
Generahin-Chief now at the head of that depart-
ment, 1 confess that I am entirely satisfied when
the President shall appointsomebody else. I am
not quUe sure from the pertinacity with which
the President sticks to the General-in-Chief he
would not appoint him lieutenant general. There
is some danger of it.
Mi. PRUYN. Do I undeistandthegentleman
from Pennsylvania to asseit that the Piesident
has the power now, without a new statute, to ap-
point a lieutenant general ?
Mr. STEVENS. No,s;r; but he has the power
to designate who shall be the commander-in-
chiefof the Army. The gentleman will recollect
that we passed a law at the last Congress grant-
ing power to the President to appointany general
of the same grade or same rank, without refer-
ence to the date of commission, to command all
the others. That is the law now.
Mr. PRUYN. I undeistand that.this bill de-
clares that the grade of lieutenant general is here-
by established.
Mr. STEVENS. Revived.
Mr. PRUYN. Yes, sir, revived. As 1 under-
stand it, that grade exists in the person of General
Scott.
Mr. STEVENS. As a brevet rank.
Mr. PRUYN. Brevet rank only?
Mi. STEVENS. Yes, sir.
Mr. PRUYN. Peihaps the gentleman can an-
swer another question, which'! ought to ask of
the chairman of the Committee on Mihtaiy Af-
fairs. It appears that the original Lull uses the
word " may/'and the substitute the word "shall."
Is it intended that it shall be imperative upon the
President to make this appointment?
Mr. SCHENClv. it makes it imperative.
Mr. STEVENS. As I read it, the President, if
Congress passes this law, must consider himself
as insti uctcd to make the appointment. It is hard-
ly proper for me to declare how this act should
be construed, if it shall be passed. Any gentle-
man can construe if as well as I can.
Mr. GARFIELD. I will answer the gentle-
man from New York. The portion of the bill
to which the gentleman refers does not provide
for the appointment, but that when appointed he
shall be authorized to act.
Mr. STEVENS. When Congress authorizes
the Piesident to do a thing, it expects bun to do
it. 1 recollect that in Pennsylvania a long time
ago the law said that the Governor may remove.
It was contended and always construed that that
meant the Governor should remove in a certain
contingency. One stubborn Governor said that
may meant shall, and so constiued it. And so
will the President understand this law.
Mr. ALLISON. The first section provides that
he shall appoint,"]! he deems it expedient."
Mr. STE VENS. I do not say that we would
impeach the Piosudent if he did not appoint; but
his understanding would be that we want a lieu-
tenant geneial, and that he ought to appoint one.
That is the fair coiistinotion.
Mi. GARFIELD. The result would be that
a lieutenant ^r-neul would be appointed.
Air. STEVEN'S. Theiefore, while 1 say again
that I have no hostility to any membei of the
military corps or any general of the Army, 1 can-
not vote tor this bill. The Piesident has suffi-
cient powi aheady. for the nen-.^Mties of the
country. 1 will not ccnsure thcPiesident by vot-
ing for this bill. I do not suppose that he would
take my opinion even it' I were disposed to give
it. While I might desire to have aehangc in the
G*eneral-m-Chief, I am not disposed to legislate
for it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The point
winch the gentle man fiom Peonsyl cama makesis
that the President has the power under existing
laws to appoint a Goncial-m-Chlcf without regaid
to his rank.
Mi. STEVENS. There were five major gen-
erals whose commissions were differently dated,
and I made the point that the President had the
right, under the law, to'appoint eitherof them as
General-in-Chief.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That is true;
but the passage of this act would repeal that law.
I think that there can be no doubt of that; and
when the lieutenant general shall be appointed
he will command the armies of the United States,
in subordination to the President of the United
States as Commander-in-Chief under the Consti-
tution.
I !uid not intended.ip submit any remarks on
this bill. I have mtn!^no preparation whatever
to speak to its merits; and if i had I should be
unable to do so on account of the present state
of my health. No subject of less importance
than this, no bill in which I felt a less degree of
interest, could have brought me to the House to-
day. 1 had not looked for the opposition to the
bill which has been manifested. The bill having
been printed, and its provisions being very sim-
ple and easy of comprehension, 1 supposed wc
should have come to a vote without extended de-
bate, as every member of the House had undoubt-
edly made up his mind as to how he would vote
on the question.
The proposition is to revive the grade of lieu-
tenant general for the purpose of conferring it not
only for the recognition ofdistinguished and excep-
tional services already rendered to the country, but
for the practical purposeofinvestingfullcommand
of the Army in the party receiving the appointment,
in subordination, of course, to the Commander-
in-Chief under the Constitution. I do not pro-
pose to enter upon the reasons which I supposed
would control the House in passing this bill.
Those reasons must suggest themselves all men
who love our country and the flag. They spring
from the admiration which a great and magnani-
mous people must ever feel for deeds^of heroism
and for public service of untold value, and for
which no reward can be esteemed too great. The
question lias been raised as to who will be ap-
pointed under the bill in the event of its passage,.
I take it there is no gentleman upon this floor who
hr.s really any doubt upon whom this appointment
will be conferred. Under the language of the bill,
referring to most eminent and distinguished ser-
vice, I think one individual, and one individual
alone, is [jointed out so distinctly that no man can
misunderstand.
A great deal has been said as to what might
have happened if some such bill had passed two
years ago; that such or such a man might have
received the honor, and implying that the party
upon whom the honor may be conferred under
this bill may prove himself unworthy. How
much, I would ask, is now to be required of a
general before he can have the confidence of this
House ? Has not General Grantearned that con-
fidence and proved himself worthy of full trust in
the greatest positions? I demand to know what
would have been our position as a nation in the
piesent struggle had it not been for the achieve-
ments of General Grant? Where can you point
to a series ofgreater triumphs than he has achieved,
a more complete succession of victories, which
aie unsurpassed in history,and which for the bnf-
liancyof their achievement, and in furtherance of
the gieat cause in which he has so nobly fought,
Have made his name and his fame as lasting as the
history of the nation ?
I have spoken of the interest I feel in this bill,
but if I know myself it is a feeling that rises far
abo\e the considerations of personal friendship
which I entertain for the distinguished soldier
whose name has been connected with it. I am
not here to speak for General Grant. No man t
with his consent hasever mentioned his name in
connection with any position. I say what I know
to be true when 1 allege that every ptamotion he
has icceived since he first entered the setvice to
put down this icbeJhon was moved without his
knowledge or consent; and in regard to this very
matter of lieutenant general, after the bill was in-
troduced and his name mentioned in conncction
therewith, he wrote me and admonished me that
he had been highly honored already by the Gov-
ernment, and did not ask or'deserve anything
more in the shape of honors or promotion; and
that a success over the enemy was what lie craved
above everything else; that he only desired to hold
such an m'ilucncc over those under his command
as to use them to the best advantage to secure that
end. Such is the language of this patriotic and
